Part 298: Reviving the Fallen
Part 298: Reviving the Fallen

_A few hours earlier, elsewhere on Hell Harbor._

The Baron of Leprosy, Ozzar, slowly walks through the Hall of the Damned, his skinless feet audibly _clinking_ against the floor. He stands tall and proud, more than happy to identify himself as a valuable servant to the reigning necromancer, Mephisto. Rotted black and red rags stick to his bones, their former glory having faded after countless eons away from the light of civilization. Given the Baron's inability to smell the world around himself, he pays no mind to the unbearable stench of death which wafts from his figure.

Ozzar casually walks through the hallways illuminated with green torches, fire which burns differently from ordinary magical torches. Those possessing any life inside themselves will find their internal organs slowly beginning to glow red under the torchlight, while those revived through the power of necromancy will glow green instead.

The Baron's skull, possessing two ruby-red eyes, remains locked-forward while he walks. Thoughts silently bubble within his mind, causing a wicked smile to dance upon his face.

_The preparations are complete. We have finally rebuilt the bodies of my Master's fallen servants. The Monster King, the Emperor of Infiltration, and the Duke of Pain are ready for him to revive._

_Heh heh heh... we had to sacrifice countless slaves to attain the nutrients required for their revival. A quarter of a million, by my count. Even so, fully rebuilt bodies are far more valuable to Master Mephisto than barely functional corpses. At last, the necromancers will rise again, mightier than ever. The living will fear the dead, as they always should have._

While Ozzar thinks quietly to himself about his anticipation of the coming events, another Demon Baron waddles over to him, their figure hunched over painfully, as if they've suffered a shattered spine, yet learned to live with it.

"Ozzar, Master Mephisto has just returned," The newcomer says, acrid green vapor belching from his mouth. "He is eager to begin the revival ceremony."

Azuth, the Baron of Marshlands, clasps his boney hands together as he speaks to his superior. Ozzar, in return, merely casts a sidelong glance at his junior.

"We mustn't keep the Master waiting." Ozzar mutters. "Move with haste. Assemble all the acolytes. We must bear witness to his rise today, on behalf of all of devilkind. Consider yourself fortunate to observe the rise of the future First Emperor."

"Yes. Yes!" Azuth crows, cackling to himself with a loathsome voice. "Kekeke, the Master truly deserves this reward. Long has he awaited his ascension to the rank of Emperor! The other demons plotted against him to delay his promotion, but no longer do any such barriers remain!"

...

Not long after, all the Barons, Lords, and other menial servants of Mephisto assemble inside a massive underground chamber more than half a kilometer wide and a full kilometer tall. Buried deep beneath Hell Harbor's crust, this facility is none other than the place where Mephisto conducts his most heinous, abominable, and outright gruesome 'experiments' with the living and dead. Were any respectable demon to hear of the horrors that occurred in this underground world, they might set the whole place aflame.

Along with the assembled demons, countless corrupted human followers cloaked in black robes also dot the area. These humans stand and stare blankly, their minds having long-since been erased and mutilated by the demons around them. They mindlessly clutch ritual-daggers with blades bent into the shape of the letter S, ready to use them at a moment's notice, once the ceremony has concluded.

Mephisto phases through the ceiling. He levitates toward the ground below, where three bodies rest atop ceremonial platforms, each one surrounded by demonic pentagrams etched into the floor with blood.

"Welcome, everyone to this momentous occasion," Ozzar says, as he begins to pace back and forth in front of his levitating Master. Ozzar directs his words toward the more than one thousand assembled necromancers. "Soon, we will witness the rise of our Master, the greatest necromancer to ever walk the ethereal plane. Long ago, we believed that only the great Valac was worthy of our praise, but times have changed. All of us wield the same power as our ancestor, yet it is Master Mephisto alone who succeeded in achieving the greatest gains."

Mephisto slowly stops his downward movement to hover just ten feet above the three bodies of Kar, Ose, and Bael. Their hands and claws rest across their chests in an X-shape, while their eyes remain closed, as if enjoying a peaceful, blissful slumber.

"Why did Emperor Valac fail?" Ozzar asks, his question rhetorical. "For millennia, we pondered the answer to that very question. Naturally, the answer was revealed to us by our current Master, who has illuminated a great many truths about necromancy. Valac was a mighty being indeed, capable of slaying Titans with a swing of his scythe, but he was far from invincible. In the end, it was his inflexibility and inability to truly comprehend the full powers of necromancy that led to his death."

"Take for example, the manner in which Emperor Valac resurrected corpses. Always, he used the same method. He strictly controlled the movements of bodies by placing their original souls inside their original vessels. This granted every resurrected figure the same power as when they were alive, but it also put a terrible strain on his soul! Countless sentients fought back against his control, and while they eventually failed, their efforts led to a gradual weakening of his powers, allowing the Archangels to hunt him down and assassinate him! But today, Master Mephisto has revolutionized necromancy by varying up his methods of control."

As Ozzar speaks, he wanders toward Kar's body and smiles.

"Imagine if Master Mephisto were as foolish as Emperor Valac. Today, he would place the soul of Monster King Kar back into his body to forcibly control him. While our Master would succeed, it would result in a waste of soul-power on his part, and King Kar would certainly fight back. Instead, as part of our Master's brilliance, he has learned to use powerful bodies more adeptly by placing compliant souls inside of them. Behold! Master Mephisto, display to us your glory!"

Ozzar deeply bows at the waist, while all of the other necromancers and enslaved humans follow his lead.

Mephisto nods along with Ozzar's performance, clearly pleased by his junior's showmanship.

"Ksss. Very good. You mussst all watch asss I disssplay to you the techniquesss I have refined over time!"

Mephisto dramatically waves his hand, conjuring Valac's Lantern before himself. The ancient artifact hums with the power of millions of souls, but a few of them shine much brighter than the rest.

After dramatically holding out the Lantern, Mephisto reaches into it and extracts a brilliantly bright light, one which causes all of the necromancers to raise their heads and gasp. The distinct aura of a non-demon makes some of them twitch in revulsion, but otherwise, they remain silent.

"Thisss sssoul belongsss to none other than King Kar himssself!" Mephisto proclaims. "Ah, but what a ssshame. He will not return to hisss body. No, for he isss much too troublesssome, and I am no fool. Emperor Valac once tried to control a fellow Emperor, Sssatan'sss lover, Nerisssa, through such a method. Ssshe rebelled againssst his ordersss, leading to the losss of a perfectly usssable Emperor. What a pity!"

Mephisto holds Kar's soul in the palm of his hand. The soul momentarily struggles to fight back, but eventually, Mephisto places it back into the Lantern, where it becomes inert. A moment later, he pulls out another bright, but significantly less lustrous soul.

"During the battle againssst King Kar, I sssuffered two terrible lossses..." Mephisto explains. "He ssslew both of the Battle Brothersss. Duriel perissshed, losing hisss body in itsss entirety. Then hisss sssoul wasss devoured by Zamiel, resssulting in Zamiel'sss evolution to Duke! However, the Monssster Royalsss also obliterated Zamiel'sss body, and thusss, I wasss left with only hisss sssoul."

Ozzar gestures toward the soul in Mephisto's hands. "As you may have already guessed, our Master will merge Zamiel's soul into Kar's body! This will give him the power of the Monster King, but he will also retain all of his previous abilities, as well! While he will regrettably not possess the Sphinx's magic, Zamiel will still have the true might of a Demon Emperor, along with all of King Kar's physical strength! He will become unstoppable!"

Mephisto chuckles. "Kekeke. Compared to Valac'sss sssloppy methodsss, mine require far lesss effort, but repay me with far greater rewardsss."

The Duke of Mist descends to Kar's body. Without any fanfare, he places the soul inside of Kar's brain, then activates the fusion of mind, soul, and body, sealing them together.

Ozzar continues to narrate Mephisto's actions for the lesser necromancers present, those not nearly as adept in the necromantic arts as Mephisto and himself.

"While our Master's techniques are quite potent, they do have a few downsides. The fusion of different souls and bodies will often result in instabilities. It will likely require a decent amount of time for Zamiel to acclimate himself to the physique of his new body, as well as merge himself with its power. Weak souls placed into strong bodies will often need to grow to achieve their full power. Strong souls placed into weak bodies may overload their physique, detonating themselves in a violent and gruesome death! Therefore, soul compatibilities are something you juniors must pay attention to in your future escapades."

The room falls silent as Mephisto and Ozzar both wait for the results of Zamiel and Kar's fusion. After more than ten minutes pass, Zamiel finally blinks his eyes open, while his head lolls from side to side.

"Uhh... uhhh..."

"Welcome to the realm of the dead." Mephisto says, his tone emotionless. "How are you feeling, little missster Zamiel?"

Zamiel opens his mouth to speak.

"Phhbluh. Bllluh. B-b-bluh."

His crocodilian face, while not possessing the signature massive and elongated jaw of Kar's pre-Sphinx self, still appears shaped differently from Zamiel's former body. His lizard-like tongue requires a lot of effort to get into place and weave through his razor-sharp teeth.

"Where... whud happ-ed...?"

Zamiel shudders as he tries to stand up, and a jolt of electricity shoots through his veins. He collapses back on the ceremonial altar, coughing and sputtering for breath.

Ozzar immediately fills Zamiel in on the happenings following his death, allowing the former Duke to comprehend his new situation.

"You're... you're kidding! Ugh. I'm stuck in a... a croc body now?"

Ozzar snorts. "Rejoice, Young Master, Zamiel. You have finally obtained the power of an Emperor. You still possess all of your old abilities, and may yet gain access to Kar's magic as well, if you luck out."

With a painful shudder, Zamiel forces himself to a seated position. Dizziness strikes his soul, but he manages to rebalance himself, eventually raising his swampy-green claws to gaze at them with a mixture of disgust and fascination.

"...What, like, I can use that croc's earth manipulation powers? His Sphinx magic, too?"

Mephisto shakes his head. "Kar'sss earth manipulation abilitiesss, perhapsss. But hisss Sssphinx Magic, no. I failed to capture it before hisss death. Now, the Monssster Queen alone posssessses that power."

"Tsk. Damn shame, but I'll take what I've been given." Zamiel mutters. His eyes turn misty as he remembers his fallen brother. "But... but Duriel..."

"He isss gone." Mephisto states. "Duriel'sss sssoul hasss merged with yoursss. Asss expected of Emperor Krissstoff'sss magic. The Familial Bonding technique isss truly formidable."

Ozzar interjects. "Not all souls who cross bodies can use the powers of their new and former selves. Some are less adept than others. You'll almost certainly still possess your weapon-summoning powers, but as for Kar's earth manipulation... don't worry if you fail. Some things are simply not meant to be."

Zamiel waves his scaled hand absentmindedly. "Like I care. I'm back to life, but my little bro isn't. What's it all even matter anymore, man..."

The younger necromancers mutter amongst each other, observing Zamiel's condition.

"He appears to be quite stable."

"There's some disorientation from changing bodies, but the acclimation period was surprisingly short."

"That's just proof that Master Mephisto is a true expert!"

Mephisto hovers away from Zamiel. He levitates between Ose and Bael's bodies, both of them placed fewer than five feet apart on their respective altars.

"Master Mephisto!" One of the necromancers says. "Are you going to place obedient souls inside of Ose and Bael's bodies, too?"

Mephisto doesn't answer. Instead, Ozzar walks to his Master's side and speaks in his place.

"Bael was a good friend of our Master, and he is also one of the most respected demons in all of our people's history. It would be unbelievably disrespectful to place another soul into his vessel. As for Ose, while her soul is certainly powerful, Mephisto intends to reunite her true body and soul together. He has some... business with her. She has humiliated him far too many times in the past, even when she was only a Baron. Furthermore, she dared to steal the title of Third Emperor from him following Diablo's fall. Our Master deserved that promotion far more than her, and look at how the ancient Devils have repaid her! She will soon become our Master's personal toy!"

Mephisto chuckles quietly under his breath.

"Heh heh heh... yesss, I will make Ossse pay for her insssolence againssst me, but I will allow Bael to retain hisss unique traitsss. I have no intention of controlling my old friend... not unlesss he turnsss againssst me. But asss for Ossse, she ssshall sssuffer a thousssand humiliationsss. Were I still virile, I might even have sssome other usssesss for her. Kekeke!"

His lewd implications linger for a moment before dissipating into the wind. As necromancers, all of them have long since lost their demonhoods, along with all the other aspects of the flesh that make them whole. Such is the cost of manipulating the damned.

The junior necromancers and acolytes fall silent. They watch with rapt attention as Mephisto reaches into Valac's Lantern yet again, this time extracting two brilliantly glowing souls, one of them glowing just a bit brighter than Zamiel's did, and the other even more so than Kar's soul.

"Ksss. The brightnesss of a sssoul indicatesss itsss magical proficiency," Mephisto explains. He holds aloft the dim soul, one which pales only a little bit compared to Kar's, then raises the other one, which appears almost like a star in the underground space, the tiny orb of energy forcing some of the weakest acolytes to avert their eyes.

"My fallen friend, Bael," Mephisto says, as he holds the lesser of the two souls. "Toward the end, he and I had a few... disssagreementsss. He did not approve of my methodsss during Operation Ssstormbringer, but I will not begrudge him for thossse minor failingsss. We have been friendsss for agesss, and ssso, I ssshall ssshow him the appropriate level of ressspect he dessservesss."

Mephisto places Bael's soul into the Duke of Pain's body, but pauses for a minute to sadistically poke at Ose's soul.

"Asss for thisss foolisssh wench... kekeke! Long have I awaited my chance at revenge. Ssshe will have no choiccce but to follow my ordersss."

Mephisto places Ose's soul into her body, the brilliantly glowing Demon Emperor aura fading as it slides into her brain.

The Duke of Mist turns to address his audience.

"Now, then. After my three minionsss have awakened fully to their powersss, I will be able to ssseize the sssoulsss necesssary to evolve to the rank of Emperor. What foolsss would have the gall to question me when I alone posssesss the power of three Emperorsss and a Duke at my disssposssal? Not even the Hidden Emperorsss would dare, kekeke!"

Once again, silence fills the room. Mephisto stands motionlessly, waiting for Bael and Ose to wake up. To nobody's surprise, Ose's eyes begin to flutter first, showing the superiority of an Emperor's soul as she slowly returns to the realm of the half-living.

Mephisto and Ozzar turn to stand on both sides of her body. The Emperor of Infiltration blinks several times as she regains consciousness.

"Uhh... oh, devils... my head... hurts..."

Mephisto chuckles as he leans in a little closer to her.

"Welcome back, my pretty little ssservant. Thingsss are going to be different between usss, now."

As Ose blinks away the mist of death from her eyes, she tilts her head slightly to look at Mephisto.

"Huh? ...The fuck are you on about? And get away from me, you're acting creepy as hell, bro."

Mephisto pauses. He stares at Ose more intently, while a faint frown crosses his face.

"...Your ssspeech is... a little ssstrange, Ossse. Perhapsss your sssoul hasss sssuffered sssome trauma?"

When Mephisto moves in a little closer to scrutinize Ose, she awkwardly raises her hand and slaps at him.

"Yo, cut it out, bro! Damn, your breath smells like ass! And who are you callin' Ose, punk? I'm Bael! Ain't you even got eyes??"

Mephisto freezes for a moment. Then, he recoils in surprise.

"What?! Bael! No, that'sss not posssible. I placed Ossse'sss sssoul inssside her body! How could it posssibly be yoursss?!"

He turns to look at Ozzar for confirmation. The second-mightiest necromancer nods along to Mephisto's words. "I watched the whole process myself, Master Mephisto. You placed the brilliantly shining soul of a Demon Emperor into Ose's body. How could it have been Bael's soul? He's only a Duke! There's no way his soul could have somehow been mightier than Kar and Ose's, both!"

Several acolytes mutter to themselves, confused by the ceremony's change in tone.

Hardly have Mephisto and Ozzar begun to reconcile this screw-up before Bael's voice speaks behind them.

"You did **what?!** Imbecile! Mephisto, you bloody moron! How could you make such an elementary mistake?!"

Both necromancers turn in unison to see 'Bael' sitting up on the platform, but with Ose's soul inside of himself. The former Third Emperor, now stuck inside the wrong body, looks at Mephisto in annoyance.

"You absolute buffoon! I predicted that you couldn't resist bringing me back, but I didn't think you would mess things up this badly! Swap our souls at once! On the double!"

Mephisto momentarily becomes flustered. Stuck between the harsh words of Ose and the shifting gazes of his fellow necromancers, he fumbles for words. 

"Keh, err, yesss. Of courssse. A minor inconvenienccce. I cannot believe I would make sssuch a sssloppy missstake. Bael'sss sssoul somehow isss even more powerful than yoursss! How could I have failed to noticcce thisss dissscrepencccy?"

Quickly, Mephisto reaches into Bael's body to grab at Ose's soul. However, the moment his hand touches the layer between her body and soul, a jolt of pain shoots up Mephisto's arm, making him shrink back in pain. "Aaargh! What in the ssseven hellsss?!"

"Master! Are you alright?" Ozzar asks.

Mephisto winces in pain, but quickly shakes the numbness out of his bones. While Ose sits and scowls at him, he reaches back into the divide between her soul and body, only to once again get blasted out by an unknown force!

"Ksss! Ssstop resssisssting me, wench! I am trying to placcce your sssoul into the correct body!"

Ose's scowl turns downright hideous. "Resist you?! Do you think I'm as stupid as you, Mephisto? There's no way I want to stay trapped in this fat, disgusting, jello-faced blob! I much more prefer my own figure! Now, stop pissing about and put my soul where it belongs!"

Bael, meanwhile, stuck in Ose's body, pats himself all around, then raises his eyebrows and nods. "Huh. So this is how tits feel."

"Stop groping my body!" Ose snarls. "I'll beat you half to death, Bael!"

Suddenly, Bael's hands go downward, to another precious hidden place. His eyeballs nearly pop out of their sockets.

"No! Oh, man! This ain't good... where's Little Bael?! Hurry up and get me out of Ose's body, Mephisto! This ain't a joke anymore, bro!"

Mephisto's flustered movements become even more exaggerated. He switches from trying to pluck Ose's soul out of Bael's body, instead trying to pluck Bael's soul out of Ose's body.

The feedback he receives becomes five times worse. When Mephisto tries to extract Bael's soul, a violent pulse of mana blasts him arm away and sends him flying backward, where he lands just a few short yards from the crowd of junior necromancers.

"Master Mephisto!"

"Is the Master alright?"

"He looks badly injured!"

It takes several seconds, but eventually, Mephisto manages to pull himself together. He staggers to his feet, a look of incomprehension stuck to his face.

"I... don't... underssstand..."

Mephisto slowly hovers back to Bael and Ose, sweeping his eyes from one to the other.

"It... it ssseemsss you are both ssstuck in the wrong bodiesss. Some unknown forccce isss preventing me from extracting your sssoulsss."

Ose steps off the platform while glaring daggers at Mephisto. "I know how necromancy works, imbecile! Don't lie to me! Necromancers can swap and control the souls of the dead as they please! That applied to Valac and you as well! So why would I believe that you can't put me back in my own body?"

Mephisto throws his hands up in exasperation.

"I don't know! Thisss hasss never happened before, not in all of my yearsss!"

Bael scratches the side of his head.

"Oh. Uh, actually. I bet I know, hehe."

"You do?" Ose asks.

"Yup. See, it's cuz... well, I didn't really believe it in the past, but I guess I've got a pretty strong soul or somethin'. Yeah, that's what Satan told me. And since my soul was once a part of my body... that's just how it is!"

Ose stares at Bael in disbelief.

"B-Bael. You absolute... nimrod! I won't accept this! I won't!"

The former Duke of Pain shrugs. "Eh, oh well. Shit happens. But hey, now that I'm back from the dead... anyone wanna play a game of Sticks and Bones?!"

Ose facepalms.

"I hate you so _fucking_ much."