Part 368: Beelzebub's Guilt
Part 368: Beelzebub's Guilt

"I am Beelzebub. The sinner who hurt this world."

After speaking these words, the former Duke of Inferno falls silent and gazes at Kiari meaningfully, waiting for her reaction.

However, aside from a brief pause, the Duke of Locusts doesn't give Beelzebub's reply much more than a slightly awkward glance.

"Ah... _hahaha_. Oh, geez. This poor old guy..." Kiari mutters to herself, reaching for Beelzebub's handcuffs. She pinches her fingers and easily shatters the steel bindings, breaking them with her Duke-level strength. "Just what the heck has Rosalia been telling him?"

Beelzebub blinks. "You don't believe me? I am Beelzebub. The Duke of Inferno."

Kiari forces a smile. "Right! Yes, of course I believe you, grandpa! You're Beelzebub, totally! Now come here, ease on up... your body is so frail!"

She quickly but gently lowers Beelzebub's arms, making him groan in pain due to his stagnant blood flow and the rapid movement of long-dormant muscles. He grimaces painfully while she bends his arm around, trying to restore a small amount of blood flow.

"Dammit, woman! I'm- aargh! I'm not lying! I am Beelzebub! I'm not a human! I've just lost my powers and... and changed my appearance, too!"

"Of course, of course." Kiari says, clearly not believing a word this strange old man has said since her arrival. Inwardly, she double-checks his appearance again, then shakes her head. _This poor fellow! I can't believe Rosalia has been holding him down here and brainwashing him! Is she obsessed with Beelzebub or something? Maybe he was her demonic idol? It's so weird she would treat a random human like this!_

No matter how much Beelzebub protests and tries to explain his 'evidence,' Kiari just nods along, trying to humor his 'dementia' or his 'brainwashed thoughts.' She clearly doesn't put any stock into his words, but keeps moving quickly to try and get him out of the basement before Rosalia returns.

Kiari brings along Beelzebub's handcuffs. Once she takes him outside and mounts him on her flying bumblebee, she disposes of the cuffs somewhere secret, leaving behind no evidence for Rosalia to uncover Beelzebub's escape methods.

"Come along with me, old man." Kiari says, seating Beelzebub in front of her. His arms hang uselessly at his sides, without a speck of sensation in them, like dead appendages. "I'll take you back to my house. It's a bit of a flight from here, perhaps 5 miles, on the west side of the Fortress of Retribution. Can you tell me how long Rosalia had you captive?"

As her bumblebee flies through the air, Kiari questions Beelzebub several times about his captivity, trying to uncover his 'true identity,' but surprisingly, all his timelines line up with around the same time as when the 'actual Beelzebub' detonated his body and might have reappeared.

Whenever he answers Kiari's questions, she pauses for a moment, wondering if, perhaps, this strange old man is actually Beelzebub. Might his story be true?

But always, she shakes her head.

Clearly, he's just a normal old man. Not only does he not have horns, but his skin is pale white, and his ears are human-shaped. The only logical truth must be that Rosalia kidnapped a random old man shortly after Stormbringer and put him in her dungeon, trying to brainwash him into accepting a false identity.

Kiari continuously shakes her head, sighing as they race toward her house.

_What a sad story! I can't believe the sweet, lovable Rosalia would have such a hideous side! I'll need to gather evidence, then approach the Wordsmith to punish her! Hmm... but maybe I shouldn't bug him about a matter this minor. I'll just monitor her with my bugs to see what she does next!_

Resolving herself to take care of Rosalia's situation 'quietly,' Kiari soon arrives at a small garden not far from the western side of the Fortress of Retribution. Like Rosalia's isolated cottage, a small log cabin resides in this place, several hundred yards from other buildings. This residence is one of the few places that survived Beelzebub's detonation, and its existence is slightly special compared to all the newly built dwellings. As such, its owner obtained a small, private property for themselves where others cannot live.

Kiari lands at the edge of the garden and glances around, checking to see if anyone witnessed her arrival. Luckily, they didn't. She helps Beelzebub off her bumblebee, then leads him toward her cabin.

"Honey!" Kiari lightly shouts. "I'm back! And I brought... a friend!"

After a few moments, the door to the log cabin opens, and a human male steps out. "Mmm? You've returned? I wasn't expecting you for a couple hours, sweetheart."

This man wears a set of folded white robes, with a large red sash thrown over his shoulders. His thick black hair and well-trimmed beard give him an earnest, scholarly appearance.

As for his identity, he turns out to be none other than Saul, King Solomon's last living blood relative. As the nephew of the Knowledge-Seeker, Saul has long grown tired of ostentatious displays of wealth, and instead prefers to keep to himself, living away from other people.

Saul walks over to Kiari and pulls her in for a gentle kiss. Then, he turns to look Beelzebub up and down. Immediately, he spots the inflammation on Beelzebub's wrist, his haggard appearance, and his sickly-looking skin.

"Good heavens! Is this old man alright?"

"He could use some food and rest." Kiari says, a pang of sympathy in her voice. "Let's pull out the guest futon for him, honey. I'll explain the situation to you once we're inside, away from prying eyes."

Saul notices a faint bit of fierceness in his girlfriend's eyes. "Mmm. Alright, we'll do it that way, then."

...

A half-hour later, Saul and Kiari sit together on their couch, while Beelzebub flops back in a surprisingly comfortable leather loafing chair. Kiari details the situation to her husband. He frowns, examines Beelzebub more carefully than before, but ultimately lightens his expression and chuckles.

"Haha... goodness. Such a dark tale! To think one of the hospital's assistants would be performing such deeds in secret. And this old man claims to be Beelzebub?"

"He does." Kiari says, glancing at Beelzebub. "But as you can see, he's clearly a human. Does he look anything like Beelzebub to you?"

"I wouldn't know." Saul says, shrugging. "I never saw the fellow. But, come now, the story makes no sense. Clearly, Rosalia has deluded this poor man into believing her crazy web of lies. We cannot allow this farce to continue. Let's just call him... Robert. We'll keep him here for now, and you can watch him until he recovers from his injuries. Considering his appearance, he could use a visit to the Bodily Rejuvenation Depot. I'll put up the Merit Tokens so he can get his youth back. Then, we can take legal action against Rosalia."

"Legal action?" Kiari asks, batting her eyes. "What's that?"

Saul chuckles softly, then kisses his girlfriend's cheek. "Sorry, love. Sometimes I forget you're not familiar with all these silly human rituals. Miss Phoebe set up a war-crime prosecution department where anyone responsible for misdeeds during Stormbringer can be taken, detained, and ultimately punished. As for what punishment they'll receive, it can range anywhere from temporary indentured servitude to... death! I heard the Hidden Emperors have already rounded up more than fifty thousand participants of the Stormbringer Attack to receive their punishment."

Kiari's expression turns cold. "Good. Those monsters killed far too many of our friends. My brood-sister and I came to Tarus II together, but she died during Stormbringer. I don't even know if Mephisto has her soul or not, or if he revived her as one of his undead... tsk. Anyone involved with Stormbringer should be punished until they beg for mercy!"

Beelzebub lays back in his chair with his eyes closed. Fatigue wracks his mind, but still, he listens to Kiari and Saul's exchange. The raw emotions in his savior's voice cause a certain, inexplicable pain to pierce his stomach.

Unknowingly, Beelzebub's faint feelings of guilt deepen in that moment.

But, even so, he says nothing, allowing them to talk as they wish.

"Robert. Robert, are you awake?" Saul asks.

Beelzebub groans. He opens his eyes and tilts his head head forward. "Nnn. Are you speaking to me?"

"Yes, we've decided to call you Robert for now." Saul explains. "That Beelzebub nonsense is clearly something Rosalia told you, but I'd rather not risk your life on hoping nobody believes it. Believe me, not one person on Tarus II likes Beelzebub, and plenty of people would rip that worthless piece of trash a new cavity if they thought he survived Stormbringer. So, do yourself a favor, and just go by 'Robert.' You don't want some dull-headed Minotaur to believe you and start tearing your arms off, do you?"

Beelzebub frowns. "That is my name, though. I am Beelzebub. I won't run from the truth any longer."

Saul stares at the beaten old man with a look of empathy. He sighs and shakes his head.

"Aiya... this fellow. Maybe I can talk to one of my friends about him. We must have a psychiatrist available somewhere in the city. It seems the conditioning runs deep."

Kiari weakly smiles at Beelzebub. "Robert, please. You shouldn't keep calling yourself... that name. You know, a lot of good people died because of Beelzebub. No matter what Rosalia told you, you have to fight those thoughts. Do you really want people to think you're an awful, vicious monster who kills children and the elderly? Because if anyone ever believes you, they'll murder you without hesitation."

Facing Kiari's kindly words, Beelzebub hesitates. He stares into her eyes for a few moments, then lowers his gaze.

"Well... alright. Robert. My name is... Robert."

"Yes, yes, good!" Kiari laughs, clapping her hands. "It's such a nice name, too. Honey, why don't you make us some supper? It's a little early to eat, but I'm sure Robert is absolutely starving!"

Beelzebub's stomach growls, making him wince. 

"I... I suppose I could stand to eat something. Thank you, miss... Kiari."

Saul smiles kindly at Beelzebub. He gives his girlfriend another loving kiss, then gets up and heads into the kitchen.

After he leaves, Kiari stares at his back dreamily.

"Mmm. Saul and I haven't been together long." Kiari says, absentmindedly. "When I first joined the human colonies a few years ago, I met Saul while wandering around the plateau. Him and I chatted a bit, and I thought he was rather handsome for a human, but I still had a lot of hostile feelings toward 'fleshbags.' Less so than other demons, but they were still there. Then I met Miss Belial over in the hospital district. Ah, but she calls herself Samantha. Make sure you remember that if you meet her, Robert. Anyway, then I met Samantha, and she started introducing me to some of her friends."

Kiari explains some of her early days spent among the humans, while Beelzebub lays back and listens, saying nothing. His thoughts wander here and there, with no particular rhyme or rhythm.

"...And then Stormbringer started. I was only a Lord at the time, and my bugs weren't very helpful in combat. So instead, I used them to help ferry wounded people off the frontlines. After that wretched Beelzebub blew himself up, he killed more than a million people, and I spent the next several days frantically trying to dig bodies out of the rubble with my bugs. There were several times when I broke down crying. I felt so ashamed, as a demon, because of Beelzebub's actions. I thought for sure that his detonation would make everyone hate me, and in truth, I even began to hate myself."

Kiari sighs.

"There were even times when I... I thought I didn't deserve to live anymore. I thought all demons should just go extinct. Plenty of people even said as much, only saying that I was 'one of the good ones' when I was within earshot. Even so, I felt like they were just trying not to hurt my feelings."

"Maybe they thought... that you would attack them too." Beelzebub mutters. "Like Beelzebub did."

Kiari nods, while gazing through the window to look outside. "Yes. I did feel that way. But then I saw Saul again, and for the first time, he showed me true compassion. We talked. We laughed. He told me my feelings were valid, but that he didn't look at me as a faceless demon. He believed that all individuals could make a choice. What Beelzebub did was evil, but his actions didn't reflect on me. As long as I lived a good, honest life, I could hold my chin high. And that was when I fell head over heels for him."

The moment she finishes her sentence, Kiari's face flushes cutely. "Erm. Don't tell him I said that! He probably knows, but I can't just admit I have such silly, childish thoughts. I'm supposed to be thousands of years older than Saul, but I always feel like he's much wiser than me."

Beelzebub nods slowly. "Saul does seem to have a... broad-minded view of the world."

After a few moments of quiet, Beelzebub glances at Kiari.

"...You said you were a Lord during the Stormbringer War? But you're clearly a Duke now. How did that happen? Hasn't it only been a few weeks?"

It takes Kiari a few moments to register Beelzebub's question. Lost in her loving thoughts regarding Saul, she eventually pulls herself back to the conversation and nods. "Mhm. After Jason Hiro killed Ose and subdued all the Hidden Emperors, he made them sign a peace treaty. Now, all of the demons are actively working together with him to rebuild human society. He's placed several 'special structures' down, one of which is called the Belial Booster. It can allow demons to rapidly evolve through the ranks! As such, after a couple of sessions, I was able to transform from a Lord to a Duke."

In just a few short sentences, Kiari hits Beelzebub with multiple bombshells, making him blink repeatedly while his jaw hangs ajar.

_Jason subdued all the Hidden Emperors? He united all the Hells in a peace treaty? And now there exists a device that can elevate demons through the ranks?_

It doesn't take much for Beelzebub to accept these statements as fact. After all, Jason did meet up with Beelzebub and Ose in secret. There, he informed them he could make a device capable of replacing souls with raw mana.

At the time, Beelzebub was very interested in this device. After the meeting, Ose told him the Wordsmith was lying and planted doubts in his mind.

The former Duke of Inferno lowers his eyes to the floor, a faint feeling of dismay in his heart.

_...So it was true. The Wordsmith could do as he claimed, and it ended up being Ose who lied to me._

Despite all his quandaries, Beelzebub has always fancied himself something of a revolutionary. Having suffered the misery of several thousand years living as an imp, he ultimate managed to raise himself to the rank of Lord with Master Agares' help. Even so, he always thought demon society was rotten and crooked. He wanted to upend the old order and give all demons a shot at equality, allowing them to rise more quickly through the ranks without being suppressed by the old powers.

Beelzebub chuckles wryly. "He really did it after all..."

"Hmm?" Kiari asks. "What was that?"

The pale old man blinks twice, then shakes his head. "Oh. It's nothing. Don't mind me. Just some... old memories."

Not long after, Saul invites both of them to the dinner table. Kiari helps him to his chair, but when he arrives, Beelzebub finds that he still can't move his arms.

"Oh, don't worry about that." Kiari says. "Here, I'll help you eat, Robert. Tomorrow, I'll take you to the hospital district so we can get your arms fixed."

Beelzebub shivers. "No! I can't go there! I can't."

After an awkward pause, Kiari realizes what she said. "Ah, right. Rosalia works there. Hmm... but your arms are in bad condition. I'll ask Samantha if she can come see you."

Beelzebub stares at Kiari for several long seconds.

Inside his head, he thinks to himself, _Kiari and Saul never met me when I was a Duke, but Belial did. She'll definitely recognize me. I won't escape judgment then._

However, contrary to his former self, this thought... doesn't bother Beelzebub as much as it probably should.

_...Maybe that's for the better. The war is over. Demonkind got its revolution. There was a peace treaty instated. I don't have my powers anymore... so I'm a useless shell of a demon. I might as well... accept my fate._

While Kiari moves her chair to sit beside Beelzebub, his thoughts continue to wander for a moment.

"Mmm. If Samantha can come here to heal me, that would be best. We should keep this a private matter. It'll be less... messy... that way."

"Don't worry!" Kiari says, as if reading Beelzebub's mind. "I won't tell her anything about you and Rosalia. I still need to gather evidence, after all. Just make sure you don't tell her any of that nonsense about you being Beelzebub. You don't understand how much she HATES Beelzebub. She used to be such a kind woman, and would never hurt anyone, but during the war, she snapped and went berserk. Samantha killed tens of thousands of her fellow demons, ripping them to pieces! It was really brutal and scary, and it made everyone feel terrible, just watching her. Afterward, she had to bury her emotions because she was so busy healing injured and irradiated people."

"Just tragic all-around." Saul adds, while taking a bite of his rice and chicken soup. "Few people suffered as much trauma as Samantha. Well, except for maybe the Wordsmith."

Beelzebub frowns. "What do you mean?"

While Kiari dips a spoon into Beelzebub's soup in preparation to feed him, Saul sighs heavily. He shakes his head and pauses his eating, as if sick to his stomach.

"Well, you see... Beelzebub's detonation... during that event, Jason tried to protect everyone. He set up a huge force-field to contain the blast. But in the moments before the explosion, his little girl showed up and... tsk."

Kiari's expression grows solemn.

"...Poor little Daisy. Everyone loved her so much. She used to run around in the hospital, cheering up the sick soldiers. But now she's... she's dead."

"She wasn't just the Wordsmith's daughter." Saul mutters. "She was _everyone's_ daughter. We all loved her. His loss was our loss, too."

Beelzebub nods. He swallows heavily, while lowering his eyes.

"I... I see."

Kiari regains her clarity of mind. She dips a spoon in Beelzebub's soup, then lifts it to his mouth.

"Well, never mind all that. Let's try and keep the dreary talk down at the dinner table. Robert, say 'ahh!'"

Beelzebub looks at the spoon, a heavy feeling in his heart.

"_...ahh_."