Part 307: Inferno's Return
Part 307: Inferno's Return

An endless blackness stretches out in all directions. Darkness. A void encompassing the spectrum of infinity, beyond the sight of any mere mortal. So vast is its scope that if one had an eternity, they could never comprehend the possibility of it lacking a border.

In this vast void, a single figure hangs, unmoving.

Beelzebub.

The Duke of Inferno groggily floats about, his soul faded and lacking all of its former luster. No longer does he appear to be the invincible Duke of Inferno, but instead, a speck of a speck, a mote of dust floating in the cosmic void.

As the muddle-headed demon lingers in the darkness of the abyss, a voice speaks to him.

_Well, well, well. Look who's come back already._

Beelzebub slowly opens his eyes. He lifts his hand to look at it, though the exertion taxes him greatly. Yet, even in the infinite emptiness, his soul glows like a faint beacon of light on the horizon. He easily makes out five faded fingers, barely glimmering in the gloom.

"Where... am I? What happened?"

_You died again. Idiot. I warned you, but you didn't listen. You never do... and that just makes my job harder._

Beelzebub blinks his eyes.

"This voice... sounds... familiar... Creator?"

_Yup. It's me._

A faint, ghostly apparition appears before Beelzebub for a moment, briefly coalescing into a vague reflection of Beelzebub's appearance before fading away.

_Oh, I'd love to talk to you face-to-face. Too bad. I don't have much power these days. Projecting my voice is about all I can do._

The Duke of Inferno listens absentmindedly before closing his eyes.

"I... I was... on Tarus II... and then-"

_You blew yourself up. I told you you should try to be a better person, but did you listen to me? Of course not. Who am I anyway, but the Creator of the cosmos. Nobody important... grumble grumble..._

"For a so-called 'Creator,' you seem awfully undignified." Beelzebub mutters.

_And how should I speak? Should I use 'thee's' and 'thou's' like my so-called children? Should I talk all high and mighty, just because I was once an almighty being capable of breaking down and reforming the universe? Those who talk like that are usually just miserable underlings. That's why powerful people like to dress casually._

The Duke of Inferno opens his eyes and frowns. "I have no reason to believe you're really the Creator. For all I know, that damned Hero planted something in my head and this is all just some hallucinatory dream."

_...Fair point. I can't demonstrate my power, since I don't have it anymore. I lost it a long time ago, to someone I considered my own flesh and blood. These days, I can barely even interact with the physical world through a few chosen mediums. Some all-powerful 'god' I am._

"What? Someone took your power? Am I understanding you correctly?"

_That's right. A miserable, greedy little bugger. Cute kid, though, or so I thought at the time. Ah, how becoming a Father can warp a man's views. I let that little tyke get away with so much... and I paid the price for it. But it's fine. I lived a good long life. Several eternities, if you'd believe it._

"I don't understand. How could you live for an eternity?" Beelzebub asks. "That means infinity. Surely, you had to have a beginning."

_Tsk. Right, sometimes I forget how small the idea of time is to a mortal. You think in terms of years, or centuries, or eons. For me, an 'eternity' is merely another measurement of time. It means the length of time measured by the creation, expansion, and collapse of what you call a 'universe.' I lived through several of them._

Beelzebub's frown deepens. "Several eternities... several universes... but what do you mean? Isn't there only one universe?"

_Currently? Yes. One universe which lives, dies, and reappears. Humans call it a 'Big Bang.' It's more of a... Karmic Cycle. The details aren't that interesting, at least not to you. Trust me when I say you don't need to learn more about how Reality works. The Akashic Sequence is not for the weak-minded._

"I... see." Beelzebub says, softening his brow. "Never mind all that, then. Where am I, now? Why has my body not regenerated?"

The Creator sighs. 

_If only it were that easy. Do you really think your body is immortal? You do not even understand the power which sustains you. The gift of Nirvana is something that few can properly resonate with. You may believe that you obtained it through your own merits... but you did not. Someone gave this gift to you, and its power is finite._

"Nirvana..." Beelzebub mutters, as gears turn in his head. "I have heard this word before... but somehow, its meaning seems exceptionally profound."

_And so it should. Nirvana is a unique ability which has only ever belonged to one entity; myself. When my son stole my power, he gave it to another, who then placed it inside of a unique artifact. That artifact is now known as the Phoenix._

Beelzebub's eyes widen. "The Phoenix! Yes, I have heard of it before. Master Agares told me one of the ancient angels unleashed its power to kill some old Demon Emperor during the War in Heaven."

_Now you're starting to put the pieces together._ The Creator says. _Yes. Your power of rebirth comes from none other than the Phoenix itself. Regenerating simple body parts is a simple feat for even a single of the Phoenix's feathers. But for its Nirvana to protect your soul from collapsing and passing into the Great Beyond, even Nirvana will have its limits. You have already detonated your entire body once. Doing so a second time put a fatal amount of pressure on your existence._

"A fatal amount of pressure? So... am I dead?"

_Not yet._

The Creator pauses.

_Your existence is... trapped in a transitory state. Frankly, were it not for a lucky coincidence at the moment of your detonation, nothing could have saved you. However, as luck had it, the original Phoenix itself was in close proximity to you at the moment of your death. And so, a small amount of your life-force was preserved. You can still regenerate... one last time._

"Wonderful!" Beelzebub crows. "Then why are we even talking? I must regenerate at once and get back to teach those humans a lesson they'll never forget!"

Again, the Creator falls silent.

When he replies, his tone turns cold.

_You still don't understand, Beelzebub. You're just a babe in my eyes. A selfish bastard who nobody likes. You only think about yourself. You never put anyone else's needs above your own._

Before Beelzebub can interject, the Creator continues.

_Even so, I sense a spark of potential inside you. Deep down, in the depths of your heart, you have a certain level of compassion and empathy. You sense the plight of your fellow demons and wish to rectify their living situations. You remember what it was like as a young imp, climbing the ranks to become a Lord, a Baron, and eventually, a Duke._

_You do not enjoy the suffering of others. You hate the corrupt system. You wish to burn it all down, but always, you allow your own selfishness to get the better of you._

_It's too bad. I keep holding out for the possibility that you'll change... but when you return this time, there won't be any second chances. You won't be able to revive again, Beelzebub. You've run out of do-overs._

The Duke of Inferno's agitation lessens as he listens to the Creator's words.

"Then, what are you saying I should do? Fight to free my fellow demons? Give up and kowtow to the humans? My pride will not allow that!"

The Creator's tone softens. _I have lived for many eternities. I have guided several universes from beginning to end. Always, life has a way of turning order to chaos, and chaos to order. No matter how I influenced people, they always came to blows. Selfishness, pettiness, all of those attributes surfaced no matter how I influenced them. For the first time since I came into being, I have taken on a more passive role._

He continues. _I don't want to tell you what you must do, Beelzebub. There is no meaning in my doing so. Rather, since you are one of the few entities I can still communicate with, I would much prefer that you learn from your mistakes and become a better person. It is easy to strike down your enemies. It is hard to empathize with them._

Beelzebub snorts. "I see. So you want me to become more compassionate to my inferiors. Shall I spread my cheeks and let an army enter? Compassion is for the weak. There is no meaning in it."

_That is where you are wrong,_ the Creator says, his tone ominous. _If everyone fights, they will always wallow in misery and pain. If they get along, everyone will live happily. I only want to see one eternity's worth of sentients enjoying themselves, without causing harm to one another. In all my eternities, not once have I gotten to see that sight. It makes me feel... frustrated. I was once all-powerful, yet short of forcing my will onto the minds of others, I could not bring them the happiness I thought they deserved._

Beelzebub clicks his tongue.

"Well, how about that. The almighty Creator is a romantic sap who hates conflict. I suppose that's why your own son took you down, huh? You didn't have the guts to fight back."

_Destroying him would have been easy..._ The Creator murmurs. _But never have I hurt my creations. Always, they bring about their own ends. All my children, all those I loved, died eventually. Even when I made them immortal, they killed each other for power, glory, and status. Jealousy. Hatred. In a way, I was glad when my son turned against me. My death meant I could no longer blame myself for the woes of future eternities._

"Hmph. You say you're glad you died, yet here you are. You're not even dead, old man. Maybe you'll come back someday, in spite of your complaints."

_No. I am unable to return._ The Creator opines. _Already, the Akashic Sequence has selected its candidates for my replacement. Much as how I replaced the Creator before me, and they replaced the Creator before themselves, so too must the unending cycle revolve. As much as this may shock you, Beelzebub... you are one of those candidates._

Beelzebub's body jolts in alarm. "What? Me?! You're saying I could become an all-powerful Creator like you?!"

_Mmm. Yes. All-powerful. All-knowing. All-encompassing loneliness. It is the greatest curse anyone can endure. An existence where, no matter how badly you fuck up, or how expertly you perform, you will never make any meaningful gains. I've seen the birth of every star, every atom in the universe. I've watched galaxies burst into existence and decay into nothingness. I've heard every word every molecule imagined. Frankly, even though I find you to be a complete and irredeemable asshole, I wouldn't wish the curse of becoming a Creator on you or anyone else._

"If you hated the job so much, then why not give your power away to someone else?" Beelzebub asks.

_Someone has to be a Creator. If I give up the position, the next Creator is liable to force it back upon me, so wretched is its all-encompassing loneliness. Everyone wants more power, Beelzebub. But once they have it, and once they reach the ultimate height, they realize there never was any point in obtaining it in the first place. There's nothing left to strive for._

Another vague apparition flickers in front of Beelzebub for a moment. A faint ghostly image of a man rubbing his eyes appears, then fades away.

_I'm getting tired. It's not often I talk this much. I do enjoy the sensation of weakness, though. It makes me feel alive. Once you've had everything, you can truly appreciate what it means to have nothing._

The Creator chuckles.

_Hehe. And speaking of which, I think it's about time for you to go back, Beelzebub. This second revival won't be like the previous one, so prepare yourself. You're going to understand my point better than ever, given the circumstances._

"...You didn't do anything _weird_ to me, did you?"

_Sorry! Connection's cutting out. Can't understand you!_

"Hold on a minute! Creator? Creator! Explain yourself!"

_New phone, who dis?_

The last thing Beelzebub feels is a strong pulling sensation on the back of his head as his vision fades away.

---

_Tarus II._

Two soldiers in T-REX exosuits pace around the perimeter of the half-mile-wide crater left behind by the Duke of Inferno when he detonated his body in a terrific nuclear explosion. This bowl-shaped basin, now named Tragedy Crater in memorial to the lives lost, takes up an uncomfortable amount of space on the plateau, drawing most people's gazes to it at least once in a while.

The soldiers, a man and a woman, cast casual glances at the crater, as well as away from it. They can't help but heave deep, pained sighs whenever they see the painfully slow rebuilding efforts taking place in the distance.

Crude, square lodgings get constructed via Phoebe Hiro's specialized energy tools, capable of synthesizing basic housing for a single individual or family within a few hours. With so many people homeless, most of them have to sleep on the streets, though at least the Environmental Shield keeps them safe from the elements.

The troopers chit-chat with each other as they walk.

The male trooper speaks first. "I heard Commander Jason just headed into the Labyrinth to find Commander Hope. Rumor has it a group of Demon Emperors captured Hope and hid him in a tower somewhere."

"Huh. Someone else told me differently," The female trooper replies. "They said we didn't have enough food to feed everyone, so the Hero was going to capture and kill some monsters to feed us all."

"That's ridiculous. Jason could just Wordsmith us more food if that were the case."

"Yeah? Like how he could Wordsmith us better houses? His power has limits, you know."

"I dunno. This whole war... it just sucks. My brother died during Beelzebub's last attack. Imagine, he made it to the very end, then died thanks to one last middle finger from the Creator."

The female soldier shakes her head. "I lost both of my sons. Even named one of them Jason, in honor of our Commander. I thought that name was supposed to bring him good luck. Turns out, it was a bad choice."

"Sorry to hear that. There's no easy way to deal with a death. At times like these- huh?"

The male soldier perks his head up and turns to the left. Inside Tragedy Crater, a flicker of movement catches his attention. A naked man tumbles down the crater's edge and bounces off the sides several times, rapidly rolling toward the bottom.

The soldier immediately motions with his hand to turn on his wide-band communicator. 

"All troops, this is Corporal Reynolds! I've got movement in the hot zone! Looks like someone fell inside! Keep your weapons at the ready; it might be Beelzebub!"

"Shit," His partner curses. "And right when the Hero left!"

"We still have the Demon Containment Unit," The man says. "Commander Jason made sure it was ready in case of any eventualities during his departure. Now, let's move!"

Both soldiers brazenly leap into the crater, while a hundred others quickly arrive at the upper perimeter and point their weapons toward the figure tumbling toward the bottom of the bowl.

Within seconds, Corporal Reynolds and his companion arrive beside the fallen figure. They level their weapons at the person, only to immediately breathe a sigh of relief.

"Pale skin. No horns. This can't be Beelzebub. Roll him over."

The man issues an order to his companion while keeping his gun trained on the naked man's dome. His partner slides over and rolls the fallen figure onto his back, wincing empathetically as she observes the face of an old man with wrinkled skin, copious amounts of facial hair, ash-grey skin, and pale brown eyes.

The old man wheezes painfully.

"Uhh... uhh... hu-hurts..."

"He's a civilian!" The woman says. "Facial ID isn't giving me a lock, but he's definitely human. I think this old man wandered too close to the edge and fell into Tragedy Crater."

Her companion scrutinizes the old man's face while his T-REX gives out detailed scans and readings.

"Medic! We need a medic!"

Within minutes, a pair of figures appear at the top of Tragedy Crater, two of the local doctors who have taken over in Belial's absence.

One of them is a male nurse of some minor renown.

The other is none other than Rosalia, a recent demon convert who helped save lives during the brutal Stormbringer Attack.

Both of them stand at the top of the crater and wait while a pair of Hummer-troopers airlift the old man out, then place him onto a movable cot.

The male nurse quickly inspects the old man. "He's lucky. A few microfractures, but no broken bones. This fellow is made of some tough stuff."

Rosalia narrows her eyes as she examines the seemingly ordinary old man. However, she says nothing, and instead gestures vaguely in the direction of the makeshift hospital building, a pale shadow of its former self.

"Let's get this old man to a sick-bed! I'll take personal care of him!"

Hardly have the words left her mouth before the old man turns his head to look at her, shock in his eyes.

"Cough... cough... R-Rosal...?"

"It's going to be okay, Grandpa Ned," Rosalia says, offering him a sweet smile. "I'll take good care of you!"

Corporal Reynolds shoots her a look of surprise. "You know this man? We don't have any records on him."

"Of course I do! He's Old Man Ned! Uhh, he lived away from the main city, in the forest. His wooden hut must have gotten destroyed during the blast. Then he wandered back in and... you can guess the rest! He's always kept to himself, so it's no surprise you don't know him."

Corporal Reynolds nods, then inputs her testimony into his report.

"I see. Well, if you know him, then that's good enough for me. Alright, get this man somewhere safe so he can heal. Everyone else, return to duty, and continue watching the perimeter!"

The various commandos head back to guard Tragedy Crater, leaving Rosalia and her subordinate nurse alone with the old man. The two of them wheel their patient half a mile to the hospital outpost and put him inside a small makeshift tent.

"I'll take over here," Rosalia says, her voice oddly more cheerful than usual. "Thanks for all the help, Davey!"

"Are you sure you don't need any help?" The nurse, David, asks.

"I'm good! I've helped out Old Man Ned lots of times, he'll be fine. He's a little senile, you see!"

"Oh, alright. Take care, then, Rosalia."

As the man turns to leave, he fails to notice the look of horror on the patient's face.

Beelzebub rasps out a plea for help.

"N-no... ple-ease... don't... go..."

His weak voice practically gets swept away by the wind, leaving him alone in the tent with Rosalia.

The obese demoness chuckles giddily to herself.

"Oh, what fortune, Mister Beelzebub! I don't know what happened and why you're so weak, but at least you're not screaming in pain like last time! And what happened to your horns? Why is your skin pale? This is quite the mystery? But I'd recognize _my_ Mister Beelzebub anywhere, teehee!"

The Duke of Inferno shivers violently.

"R-Rosalia... I... cough..."

"It's just the funniest thing," Rosalia says, as she gazes at the ceiling and speaks more to herself than to Beelzebub. "I actually prayed yesterday to the Creator that you would end up alright, and he delivered you right to me! Since that hussy Belial isn't here, nobody will know when I whisk you away! I can save you all to myself, and nobody will take you from me. Especially not that _slut_, Ose! That filthy little whore! She tried to seduce you, but she lost you and the Creator himself delivered you right into my hands! Ah, how He works in mysterious ways!"

Rosalia hums a merry tune to herself before reaching into a box filled with medical supplies. She ignores Beelzebub's weak protests while continuing to mindlessly babble to nobody in particular.

"Excellent work on that explosion too, I must say. You killed SO many stupid humans, it made me weep tears of joy! These lowly mongrels just aren't worth my time, but I _had_ to come here because of that damn Gressil's orders. Bluh! How dare he order me around?! Anyway- oh, here it is!"

She pulls out a clean cloth from the medical bag, as well as a chemical agent known best for its sedative effects. She douses the rag with a hearty dose of Chloroform, then leans over and presses it against Beelzebub's face.

The weakened Duke of Inferno widens his eyes in horror. He tries to fight back, but his pitifully weak body can barely move, let alone fight off the wiles of his unexpected captor.

"Shhh, quiet!" Rosalia says, as her voice becomes more distant. "This is for your own good, Mister Beelzebub! I'll make sure to hide you somewhere safe, where nobody will ever take you away from me again..."

Beelzebub's consciousness drifts away, with only one last thought lingering in his mind.

_Curse... you... Creator..._