Part 341: Shax's Return
Part 341: Shax's Return

After explaining Murmur's situation, Bael and the Hell of Isolation's top demons don't feel much enthusiasm for small talk. Viola glances around the chamber and wriggles her nose.

"Is that why you wanted to chat with us in private, Bael? So Yama wouldn't know you told us?"

Bael raises an eyebrow. "Eh? Nah, sister. I ain't no yellow-belly coward. If Yama's got half my brains, he already saw us leavin' and put two and two together. No, I just wanted to keep this info hush-hush. It wouldn't look good for your Hell if the others knew Yama had one of your founders in his grubby little paws."

"That's very considerate of you." Viola says, flashing a sweet smile at the Duke of Pain. "But, frankly, it doesn't seem to matter much. We don't have a way to deal with Yama. I'm sure if the three of us worked together, we could beat the snot out of him, but... as for how to get Murmur back..."

Guura glances around the room. "You... you don't think Yama's here right now, do you?"

"In here? Not a chance. I can sense every drop of demonic energy inside our Isolation Barriers." Viola says. "If you weren't so out of practice, you could too. But as for just outside the barrier? Who knows. Yama could be lurking around every corner."

She gazes meaningfully at Bael.

"You have to watch yourself now, Bael. Yama wants you. He wants your, erm, _body._ He'll do anything to get it, the sick bastard. Unless you stay with us all the time, you're in grave danger!"

Melody slaps Bael's back. "No worries though! You ain't got any powers, but we'll protect you, Big Bael Bro! You've helped us out a whole bunch by letting us know about Murmur! We owe you!"

Bael gently pushes Melody's hand away. "No need, ladies. I ain't afraid of one little turd-sniffer. Yama's big, and he's scary, but I know all sorts of tricks. I can protect myself."

"Oh? What sorts of tricks?" Viola asks.

Bael stares at her blankly. "Huh?"

"Tricks. You said you knew tricks to protect yourself." Viola repeats, raising an eyebrow. "What sorts of tricks?"

Bael stares at her for several seconds.

"I... ain't got no idea what you're talking about."

"Hahaha! Freaking Bael, man! Such an airhead!" Melody laughs. "The moment something leaves his mouth, it's gone forever! In one ear and out the other!"

Bael chuckles. "You said it, sister."

The group of demons continues chatting about relatively banal happenings for a while before lowering the barrier and heading out of the room.

As they walk, Bael glances inside the various chambers of the Temple of Isolation. He pauses at the entry to one and narrows his eyes while looking inside.

"Oy! What's in here? Looks like a bunch of instruments!"

Bael walks inside, and the girls follow after him, along with Dorma.

"Yup, this is the chamber where we store all of the most famous musical instruments from demon history," Dorma says. "Look over there. See that golden fiddle? That's the same one Satan used to play. And that piano? We stole it from that human, Mozart. It's authentic!"

"Damn, Satan's fiddle, Mozo's piano..." Bael mutters, while giving them a casual glance. He stops in front of a paid of demonstone drums and gasps. "Oh, heck! No way! Are these... MY drums?! I thought they were gone for good!"

"Of course not!" Dorma says, laughing. "We saved your drums, Shax's guitar, and even Murmur's clarinet. All the parts of the old band are here. We don't have hardly any of the band _members_ still around... but, well, that's just how the dominoes fall sometimes."

Bael gently touches his old drumset, the same one he used to play while on the big stage, all those millennia ago.

His expression softens as he reminisces about the good old days.

"Yeah... most of 'em are dead. Just me left."

"_Well_..." Guura starts to say, before getting a pair of evil glares from Melody and Viola. "...I guess that's true! Ehehe..."

Bael pulls up a chair and sits before the drums. He lifts his hand, then swings it toward the unthinkably hard demonstone to slap it with all his strength.

_Crack!_

Rather than making that satisfying bongo sound he remembers from millennia ago, Bael practically shatters his bones on the unthinkably hard demonstone surface.

"Aaargh! Aw, shit! Shit! I broke all my fingers! Oh, the pain! The pain! Someone kiss the boo-boo!!"

Bael frantically shakes some feeling back into his hand, while the other four simply offer him polite smiles.

"Don't you remember, Bael?" Melody asks. "You only played these drums because your hands were too clumsy to play anything else. If you don't have a super-strong, invincible body, these drums are basically unusable. You're better off trying to play with normal drums, or maybe even another instrument entirely."

Bael continues to rub his hand while wearing a hurt expression. He gazes sadly at the drums and nods. "Yeah. Guess that's true. I never had no feeling in my fingers before, couldn't play any of them delicate instruments, like pianos or guitars. I guess I could give it a try, now."

He shakes his head.

"...But it just ain't the same without others. I'm too old for this band stuff. Ain't no fun anymore."

"It's funny..." Viola muses. "Demons gave humans music, and they evolved it in their own way. We gave them suits and fine culture, and they evolved that, too. Humans are great at taking things from other species and changing them to fit their wants and desires."

"That's just another way to say they're a bunch of thieves." Dorma rebuts.

"No... not thieves. Just adaptable little critters." Viola concludes.

...

After Bael messes around with the instruments for a while, he gets bored and decides to leave.

"I've seen enough. Just a bunch of rusty music stuff anyway. Ain't nobody gonna touch it ever again. I'll just be heading back to Hell, if it's all the same to the rest of ya."

The other demons nod, but Guura and Viola both stare at Bael's back with saddened eyes, feeling for once just how sad and lonely the poor guy feels. Having lost his powers, all his friends, and even the hobbies he once loved, Bael doesn't have much left from his past that he actually enjoys.

"Bael, will 'your girls' be okay?" Guura asks, as she hops over to his side and skips along beside him. "You know, all the girls at your place on Hell Harbor."

Bael shrugs. "Prolly. There's a whole thing underground where they can hide out if the planet goes to shit. I bet they went down there to wait for me to return. I haven't told 'em I'm a girl, yet, so... that's gonna be weird."

Bael pauses.

"I am a girl, right? I'm a chick? I got lady parts."

"If you feel like a woman, then you are a woman!" Guura exclaims. "And if you still feel like a guy, that's fine too!"

Bael groans. "How the heck's a fella 'sposed to take a leak when his junk's all fallen off? Ose done stole my Little Bael... not sure how I'm gonna deal with these lady parts. It's all new to me."

Viola coughs into her fist. "Um, if you're not sure, I'm sure one of us could, uh, help you out, Bael. It'll take some getting used to, but it's not all that difficult to deal with."

Bael shrugs. "Whatever works."

He and the other four leave the temple, travel back to the town, and warp to the mountain where the Warpgate rests. After hiking back up the trail, Bael waits for the monster locals hidden elsewhere to key in the command codes to Hell. They aim not for the Labyrinth Core, but one of the four 'corners' of Hell, where single Warpgates sit ready for accessing distant worlds.

Unlike the Labyrinth Core, where six Warpgates stay, just one gate sits in each of Hell's four corners, making it a real pain to travel around. All demons have to either enlist the assistance of Warpers to reach the Warpgates, or they have to walk through the Labyrinth's winding, shifting passages for days on end.

Bael starts to get a headache just thinking about it. 

"Man, I could go for a game of Sticks and Bones, right about now. Artorias ain't around though... he's got an angel in his head. Mephisto's probably busy doing stuff with Ose. Uhh... Beelzebrat done offed himself... Agares is dead..."

While Bael waits for the Warpgate to open, the other four demons stand behind him, listening to his muttering.

"Hey, Bael." Melody says. "You know you can come by anytime, right? It's great to see you again, buddy! Just because you're in Ose's body doesn't mean you're not the same Bael as ever. We won't ever treat you any differently."

Bael smiles. 

"Thanks, sugar. You know I'd drop by if I remembered more often. My memory just sucks, is all."

The Warpgate opens up, and Bael walks toward it.

"Peace out, ladies. Dorma too. We'll keep in touch."

The Duke of Pain swaggers through the opaque portal, disappearing inside the depths of Hell and leaving his friends behind to watch his back.

"...I don't like leaving Bael alone." Viola says. "There's no way Yama will stop pursuing him... but we can't just follow him around. He has a right to privacy."

"We could be all sneaky-like!" Guura chirps. "He won't even know we're there!"

Melody shakes her head. "It's not our place. Bael knows what he's doing. He might be an idiot, but he's not stupid."

The Warpgate closes, leaving them no chance to follow in Bael's footsteps.

"...Damn. Maybe I should contact one of my friends from the Hell of Lust..." Viola mutters.

---

Bael exits the Warpgate in the northern region of Hell, a swampy place with all kinds of nasty smells floating in the air. He passes by the nests of several large, lizard-like monsters, not dissimilar to the crocodiles of Kar's tribe.

"Sup." Bael says, giving them a nod of his head. The reptiles merely blink their eyes and watch him pass, utterly confused as to why Ose is 'walking funny.'

As he makes his way down the darkened corridors, Bael begins to whistle a merry little tune. He swings his arms and legs in rhythm, getting himself up to a jolly good time.

"Hey there honey mama, hey there honey sister! Don't know if I'm a fella, or done turned into a sister..."

The Duke of Pain sings and whistles, his voice loudly bouncing around the Labyrinth's halls for hundreds of meters in every direction.

Bael passes several goblin dens, where hundreds of the little monsters congregate inside cramped spaces. Despite the lack of elbow room, most of the goblins find their living situation to be just fine and dandy, as they hold very little love for privacy and tend to stick together in large groups to stand a chance against the much bigger and stronger monsters of other species.

The further Bael gets from the Warpgate, the quieter the Labyrinth becomes.

Eventually, he comes to a stop in a pitch-black area, one where his eyes can easily pierce the gloom, but where the purity of the darkness would still make anyone's skin crawl.

Bael puts his hands on his hips, stands in place, and taps his foot impatiently.

After several minutes, he rolls his eyes.

"Oh, for Devil's sake, Yama! Just show yourself already! I know you're there. Sheesh, you think this powerless guy is gonna beat you up or something? You're such a friggin' coward."

The shadows around Bael physically thicken, as if turning to a river of dense gas. On the wall, just a few feet away, a pair of blood-red eyes emerges, peering at him from the darkness.

"Kekekeke. We have been watching you for some time, Duke of Pain. We are curious as to why you would come here, all alone."

Bael shrugs. "Here, there, wherever. What's it matter? I'll be alone in a dark place at some point. You're real good at playing the waiting game. Figured I'd just get this over with."

Yama's eyes blink slowly. His gaze flickers up and down Bael's feminine body.

"You hold control of something we want. Now that we are alone, we can take you by force. That pesky soul of yours will have to break at some point!"

Drool begins to drip from Bael's mouth. He nods dully. 

"...Uh-huh. Sure, pal. Whatever you say. Look, here's how this is gonna go. You're gonna give me Murmur back, or I'm gonna sic Shax on ya. He's real unhappy about what you did to his sister. Give her back now, and I won't have to break your shadow-ass into pieces."

At the threat of seeing Shax again, Yama shows visible alarm. He shrinks back from Bael for a moment, before realizing the Duke of Pain is only making a fool of him.

"Ludicrous! Kekeke. If you could summon Shax, you would have already done it! Just shut up and succumb to our control, Bael!"

Like a viper, Yama pounces at Bael! He fires off hundreds of shadow-tendrils from every direction, grabbing onto Bael's four limbs and spreading him out in an awkward position that makes resistance futile.

Bael groans. "This again? You didn't get my soul last time, and you won't this time, bub. If you try, I'll fry ya. You'll regret it."

Bael concentrates hard, digging into his innermost thoughts as he tries to call out to his friend.

_Shax! Come on, buddy! Help me out here! I need ya, pal!_

Yama slithers up to Bael and starts groping him all over, enjoying the future sensations of his unwilling pleasure slave.

"You will bend to our desires as we please, whether you want to or not! Kekeke!"

Bael frowns. "Hey, hands off, creep! This ain't funny anymore!"

"There is no humor in the art of seduction." Yama whispers. "We love the taste of fresh females. We crave more and more of them. We wish to enjoy the bodies of every beauty in the universe, no matter their species or whether they like us or not. We will go to _any_ length to satiate our lust!"

The more Yama talks, the more Bael starts to panic.

_Okay, Shax! Hah hah, good joke! Come on out, now! This creep is touching places that make me feel all weird inside! Shax! SHAX, come out, man!_

Bael's vision becomes blurry as Yama grabs onto his head and stares into his eyes. Yama attacks Bael's soul directly, causing the Duke of Pain to violently jerk around as painful stabbing sensations bite into his very essence.

"Keh! Damn, this soul is so formidable! How can a mere Duke possess such a foundation?!"

Yama turns his soul attacks into swords. He stabs Bael's soul, cuts it, slashes it, and does everything he can, and slowly but surely begins to make a small amount of headway.

Panting wildly, Yama's eyes turn bloodshot as he desperately attacks Bael's soul in an effort to break him down and ultimately convert him to one of Yama's Shades.

"Stop resisting! Gah! You aren't even conscious anymore, how can your soul put up such a fight? This is ridiculous!"

Just when it seems all is lost, Bael suddenly snaps his eyes open.

"Oh! It worked!"

He completely ignores Yama's soul-attacks and turns away from the Shadow Emperor to look at a figure materializing in the darkness.

"Shax! Buddy, took ya long enough!"

Yama nearly jumps out of his skin. The Emperor of Shadows follows Bael's eyesight to the short, fat little figure materializing in the darkness. A vaguely ethereal body, similar to how Shax materialized before, appears in the Labyrinth's blackest recesses.

However, in unison, both Bael and Yama freeze up in shock.

"W-what..." Bael mutters. "No... no that can't be right..."

"What have you done?!" Yama hisses. "That isn't Shax! He's... he's...!!"

The figure fully materializes. He glances around in confusion.

"Eh? Where am I? What happened to my girl?"

His eyes fall on the ensnared Bael and Emperor Yama, both standing remarkably close together, as if caught in the middle of a sacred act.

"Uh... Ose? Yama? Did... did I interrupt somethin'? How the hell'd I get here?"

Bael's jaw drops.

"B-boss? BOSS? Is that you?"

"Impossible!" Yama hisses, pulling away from Bael. He shoots the Duke of Pain a fear-filled look. "How could you bring back... Satan the Devil?!"

The former First Emperor, Satan the Devil, stands in the darkness, instead of Shax. He raises an eyebrow at the strange antics of 'Ose' and Yama, not sure what exactly is happening.

"Why're you two acting so weird?" Satan asks. "Guys. It's just me. Old buddy, Satan. Sheesh, you look like you ain't seen me in a hundred years!"

The short, pudgy First Emperor starts to stick his hands in his pockets, only for them to smack his hips uselessly. He looks down and becomes shocked to find that, for no reason he can recall, he's completely naked!

"What in the Seven Hells?" Satan grumbles. "Why the dickens am I standing in a dark hallway naked while Ose and Yama have a go at each other? This is all so strange..."

"Y-you died!" Bael sputters. "You died, boss! Right in Belial's arms! Remember? The Black Queen? Fightin' me and Deebs as the Balrog and Archdemon?"

Satan raises an eyebrow. "Yeah, of course I do. What about it? That was like 5 minutes ago."

He pauses.

"Wait, you said I _died_? But that can't be right. I'm right here, and still alive!"

The Devil takes a step toward Bael and frowns.

"By the way, Ose. You don't sound like yourself. You kind of sound like... Bael! Is this some kind of practical joke? Messin' with ol' Satan? A real knee-slapper, I bet."

"It's a long story!" Bael says. "I'm Bael! Me and Ose had our bodies swapped. It was Mephisto's fault. But forget that, boss! Can you beat the crap out of Yama for me?"

Yama flinches. "No, no, there's no need for _violence_! We're all good friends, yes? Good friends!"

Satan glances back and forth between Yama and Bael.

"Uh... huh... and why would I beat the crap out of Yama?"

"Because!" Bael answers. "Yama captured Murmur, boss! He took our little sis and made her one of his shadow-sluts! He's holding her hostage!"

**"WHAT?!**" Satan abruptly roars. "Yama! You little...!! Is that TRUE?!"

Yama's shadows slowly loosen around Bael's ankles and wrists.

"Kekeke, no, no! Do not be ridiculous, oh, great Emperor Satan! Bael is lying, of course! He's making it all up! It's all false, yes!"

The more Satan acclimates to the situation and realizes what he 'walked in on' with Bael and Yama, the more disgusted he becomes.

"I take a nap for five seconds, wake up in some dark alley, and little _Davook_ is up to his raping ways once again!" Satan yells. "You little shit! I should've slapped the crap outta you sooner!"

Satan storms toward Yama with bloodlust in his eyes. What little excitement Yama had toward capturing Bael vanishes in an instant.

"Y-you! You're just an undead fossil!" Yama exclaims. "You cannot threaten us, errant soul!"

"Oh, we'll see about THAT!" Satan says, while lifting his palm.

A ball of fire engulfs the space above Satan's palm. The Devil's eyes glow with scorching heat as he burns souls contained within his vessel, doubling, tripling, and quadrupling the fire's power to fill the chamber with piercing light.

"Fuck off back to the shadows!" Satan yells, as he hurls the brilliantly glowing orb of light.

Yama's expression turns to rage.

"Times have changed, grandpa! We'll see if you still have the qualifications to MAKE US, old Devil!"