Part 547: Unwanted Visitor
Part 547: Unwanted Visitor

Four days pass as the Milky Way's galactic situation slowly continues to evolve.

Diablo takes over six new star systems in this time. He instates new Wardens, with a surprising number of them choosing the strictest limitation of becoming Stellar Wardens, locked to a single star system for the rest of their lives, but ultimately becoming Middle Cosmics close to the same strength as Diablo's Archdemon form.

Even the Emperor of Annihilation finds himself momentarily at a loss when he considers their choice, but ultimately, it doesn't take much explaining to figure out why they would opt to lock themselves to a single star system for the rest of eternity.

Aside from Melody becoming the Warden of the Shredder System, the other six new Wardens are all recently-evolved Emperors who were boosted through Glinch's power. Melody was, in fact, the only naturally-uplifted Emperor who obtained her power through good old-fashioned human soul-devouring.

Of course, her rise to prominence happened well before the completion of the Energy Wars. Perhaps, had she been born on Sharmur from a Broodmother's belly, she might find the act of devouring human souls to be utterly incompatible with the creed laid down by Shax and Murmur.

But now, following her secret discussion with the Wordsmith, she has begun to feel rather ambivalent about the actions she took in her past. Vile they may have been, if not outright war crimes and atrocities, but now she has obtained enough strength to protect the humans, if only in some small way.

As for the other Wardens, what they seek is the opportunity to become rulers of their own private domains. Rather than acting as mere Emperors who share control amongst one of the Seven Hells, they can instead become tyrants wielding full authority over their chosen worlds.

As the ancient proverb goes, _'tis better to be the head of a dog than the tail of a lion._ The majority of demons would rather rule with total control over an entire world than share control with a dozen other contenders. And so, Diablo's offer lights a fire under the newfangled Emperors, making all of them begin to pick out their future domains with greedy eyes, seeking to control beautiful and lush worlds rather than rocky, barren wastelands such as Diabolus.

The Archdemon doesn't make the choice complicated for them. As long as they become Wardens with the goal of creating fortresses for demonkind, they can do anything they want to their worlds in the future.

Selfishness is not a glitch in Diablo's plan, but rather the main goal.

...

At the same time, across these four days, many other events transpire.

Jason Hiro spends another 1,000 days or so inside Chrona, working on countless projects with Fiona and Rebecca's assistance.

Belial manages to scan every single human known in the Milky Way except for the Wordsmiths and a few individuals located inside Chrona and the Hall of Heroes. She also begins scanning demons and monsters in addition to the humans.

The Volgrim take notice of key worlds being stolen away by Diablo, whose actions only have the thinnest veneer of 'saving' them from the Plague.

And of course, Phoebe Hiro and Neil Adams continue drafting the speeches they will soon utter as they plan for a major split between humanity, laying claim to the few million lives that remain.

It is during this period, four days after the dramatic return of the Archdemon, that Neil sits inside his office, looking at some reports given to him by Debra.

"Hmm..." Neil grunts, as he looks at a troubling piece of newly acquired information. "You're sure about this?"

Debra stands on the opposite side of the desk. She pushes her glasses up her nose and nods. "The numbers don't lie."

"It can't be a coincidence." Neil mutters. "Not many people came up 'green' when Belial scanned them. More than 99% of all humans were scanned and came up 'red' with Phoebe's crystals. Of the ones who came up green, most of them were Power Glove users. The rest were The Respected. So what does it mean? Is there an infection spreading among our strongest humans?"

"So far, every demon and monster scanned has come up red as well." Debra points out. "I don't know what these crystals are supposed to achieve, but a certain undercurrent of fear is already spreading. If we don't come up with an explanation, people will panic. They already think there might be an infection of sorts spreading among the military personnel."

"An infection..." Neil mutters. "Is that what it truly is? I find that notion hard to believe. I'm missing a crucial clue, something that would explain all this. Jason and Phoebe are keeping the truth of the matter close to their chests."

"You could add a section to your speech regarding the matter." Debra suggests. "Something about calling them out for deceiving the public."

"Perhaps I could." Neil says noncommittally. "Though I've had this... feeling lately. This feeling I'm being watched."

He glances around the room with a look of disinterest, then shrugs.

"Could be a Psion, such as Creator Demila. Could be a demon, such as Gressil. Could even be Jason himself. Who can say, hmm?"

"Gressil?" Debra asks, her heart-rate spiking for a second. "Shouldn't we put some stronger guards in here?!"

"If the invisible boogeyman wanted me dead or captured, I don't imagine I'd still be sitting here." Neil says dismissively. "Gressil can nullify magic. His physical strength is great enough that perhaps only Belial can stand up to him in direct combat. His ability to teleport around is also quite troubling. Do you think if I positioned ten of our mightiest human guards in my office at all times, they could stop him from taking me?"

Debra purses her lips. "I suppose not."

"And that is why I don't bother." Neil says with a shrug. "If Gressil comes for me, so be it. If the Volgrim take me out, so be it. If Jason decides to eliminate me, then by goddamn, so be it. I'll become a martyr, and that will be the end of my story."

Neil pauses. He looks at Debra with a faint smile.

"But it's funny, isn't it? None of them have done so for whatever reasons. I'm only an ordinary human. The only thing protecting me is the threat of what Hope might do, or what my death might signify to humanity. I don't think either of those are particularly compelling factors to keep my life intact. I can only assume I'm simply not worth assassinating at this moment in time. Perhaps that will change in the future as my perceived value to humanity rises."

"I hope not..." Debra whispers. "You're very important to your species, Neil. None of us want to see you die."

"And neither do I." Neil concludes. "But death comes for everyone eventually. Even for the supposed 'immortals' that live within our galaxy, it is only a matter of time..."

Neil and Debra exchange a few more words, but eventually she leaves him to his own devices, closing the door after she departs.

Neil sits for twenty minutes, mulling over various reports as he continues to mentally plot out his speech to humanity.

"Oh, Jason..." Neil mutters. "What _are_ you up to with those crystals, I wonder?"

As he continues to think, a sudden pit opens up in Neil's stomach. His body stiffens, and the hairs on the back of his neck lift up and begin to tingle.

Reflexively, Neil looks up from his documents, where he sees an intruder standing in front of the door, looking at him. A male demon who wasn't there only a second before.

"You!" Neil snaps, gnashing his teeth together. "What the _hell_ do you think you're doing, showing your face here? I have nothing to say to the likes of you."

Emperor Diablo, now in his Astral Body, stands imposingly less than twenty feet away from Neil, with one hand resting comfortably on his hip. His black cloak with gold trim gives him an air of majesty. He smiles warmly at Neil, then waves his free hand casually.

"Hello, Neil. You and I have not yet had the chance to talk. I was hoping to rectify that."

"We spoke four days ago." Neil says, narrowing his eyes to glare daggers at the Emperor of Annihilation. "I have nothing to say to a filthy Demon Emperor. If you're going to kill me, just don't leave a mess for Debra. Otherwise, I'll make sure my spirit haunts you for the rest of eternity, hellspawn."

"So dramatic." Diablo says, as he walks forward, approaching Neil's desk. "Would you mind if I took a seat?"

Neil doesn't even get a chance to refuse. Diablo smoothly plops down in the chair across from Neil and leans into it, his false body appearing remarkably physical as it somehow interacts with the physical world.

"Ahh, now that's better." Diablo says, his smile broadening as he sees the rage on Neil's face. "I'm so busy lately, I never get a chance to simply sit down, relax my legs, you know? Such a shame."

"Why are you here, bothering me?" Neil asks. "Like I said, we have nothing we need to discuss."

"Oh, but I disagree, Neil." Diablo says while leaning forward. "We have _so_ much to talk about. We may have spoken four days ago, but that didn't really count in my eyes. I always enjoy private discussions with those of the intellectual persuasion. You're such a fascinating human, especially the way you've so smoothly taken over humanity's military and made yourself indespensible to one of the Wordsmiths. A decisive man like you is much more interesting than those smooth-brained imbeciles. Don't you agree?"

"Flattery from a demon will only piss me off." Neil fires back. "Get to the point. You test my patience."

"No time for pleasantries. I can respect that." Diablo says, leaning back in his chair once again.

Several seconds pass as both men gaze at one another in silence. Eventually, Diablo speaks.

"I could use your help, Neil Adams. I'm willing to offer terms that you should find acceptable, and possibly even highly desirable."

Neil blinks twice. Hearing these words from Diablo momentarily makes him lose his composure. He snorts derisively, stifling a laugh.

"My help. You want _my_ help?? Pahaha! That is a funny line, Emperor of Annihilation. I did not take you for a jester."

"I'm dead serious." Diablo says, his expression turning grim. "As we speak, my main body is battling on a certain world within the Milky Way, fighting to eliminate the Plague's presence from that world. When I inevitably succeed, I will install a Demon Emperor there, crowning them a Warden and transforming them into a Cosmic powerhouse like me."

Diablo pauses for a few seconds before continuing.

"But, a problem emerges. You see, Neil, I cannot take these worlds alone. That is to say, I _can_, but doing so takes a very long time and is not efficient. To that end, I use my Emperors and Dukes to fight back the hordes of Kolvaxians so that I can focus on the most important step to defeating the Plague: subverting the life energy contained within each contaminated world's core."

Diablo looks off to the side and shrugs.

"But, as you may imagine, there is a problem with this model. The number of Emperors at my disposal will grow thinner and thinner over time. Already, I've Uplifted more than half a dozen. In a few weeks time, I will only have a handful of Emperors left. That will drastically slow the speed of planetary subversion to a crawl."

Neil smirks. "Sounds like a serious problem for the New Demon Empire. Best of luck in dealing with that."

"You don't get it..." Diablo says with a dramatic sigh. "This is not a 'demon problem.' This is a problem for all Sentients living in the Milky Way. Don't get me wrong, Neil, my people will reap enormous benefits if we take control of hundreds, even thousands of worlds. But our enemy is a monstrous entity that grows more powerful every day. I am attempting to tickle a Kraken to death. If I cannot outpace the Plague, it will eventually consume more worlds than I can save. It will come for humanity and the Volgrim both."

"I don't see how this is a problem for you at all." Neil says. "So what if it takes out humanity and the Volgrim? Are you telling me, with all those mighty Wardens you've created, the demons will be in danger?"

Diablo does not laugh or smile. He looks at Neil with an expression of grim intent.

"Yes. They will. The Plague is always evolving. It is constantly expanding its power. If the Plague defeats the Volgrim, it may obtain the powers contained within Founder Dosena's body. If it learns to harness the full power of its stolen Psion hosts, then that will result in a bloodbath for my remaining Wardens. They are all isolated and cannot reinforce one another. If a hundred Psion-hosts attack, they will overrun one Warden after another until the whole tower of power collapses."

Diablo pauses.

"But that is not the true dilemma, Neil Adams. The core underlying issue is that, even if the humans, demons, and Volgrim defeat the Plague, the next war our galaxy will have to face will be one I have already spoken to you about, known as Akasha's Game. In that war, the singular power of demonkind will not be enough to claim victory. Only a united front will allow our galaxy to achieve military superiority."

Neil smirks upon hearing the name of 'Akasha' once again, but he doesn't dwell on it.

"So what are you proposing, hellspawn? Do you want me to work with you? To help you beat back the Plague so you can 'protect' our galaxy? Are your intentions _truly_ that selfless and honorable?"

"I don't expect you to like me, Neil." Diablo says. "It is clear that you have a longstanding prejudice against my people. Fair enough. You have suffered immensely because of demons and monsters alike. Not only you personally, but humanity as a whole."

Diablo continues. "I will not ask you to join me for any selfless or noble reasons. I will instead offer an exchange of benefits. Your followers would likely rebel if they believed you had become sympathetic to us putrid bloodskins, so I think it would make more sense if we formulated a more... appropriate compromise."

Neil exhales deeply through his nostrils. "I don't compromise with your kind."

"Well, perhaps you should." Diablo posits. "I am currently the Milky Way's only chance at pushing back against the Plague. My Archdemon form uniquely has the power to claw back ground the Volgrim lost to the Kolvaxian menace. Unless one of your Wordsmiths, or perhaps one of your amazing inventors comes up with a solution of their own, we need each other. I need your human military, and you need the services I can provide."

"Hahahaha!" Neil suddenly laughs. "Services? What could you possibly offer to turn me to your side?! You underestimate how deeply my hatred of bloodskins runs!"

"The first thing I can offer you, I will give freely." Diablo says. "Information. I know why the Wordsmith has chosen to scan all the humans, demons, and monsters that are allied with him."

"What?" Neil asks, suddenly very interested in what Diablo has to say. "How could you possibly know that? Are you and him already working together?"

"By no means, though I wouldn't mind approaching Jason next." Diablo says, exposing a toothy grin. "The Wordsmith's sloppiness has simply tripped him up again. You see, Neil, Jason has discovered a method to repair Humanity's Flaw. The very same one I talked about at the meeting four days ago. He just couldn't help himself and he had to immediately put his solution into action, if only to spite me..."

"Humanity's Flaw..." Neil says, his eyes flickering as he looks away. "...only The Respected and some users of the Power Gloves showed up with the color green when scanned."

"Those aren't scanning crystals." Diablo says with a soft chuckle. "Think of them more as... medical crystals. When they turn green, that only indicates a person's Flaw has already been cured. But when they turn red, it means the Flaw has just been corrected."

He pauses before adding, "and when the crystal turns red for demons and monsters, it means nothing happened at all. The entire scanning of monsters and demons is a complete misdirection meant to confuse everyone."

Neil nods along, but he looks at Diablo with deep suspicion. "How kind of you to inform me of this. Why not keep the information to yourself? And how did you find out, assuming this actually _is_ the truth?"

"I am a Cosmic." Diablo says mysteriously. "I am able to see mana pathways in a manner you simply cannot comprehend. As for why I told you, that is obviously to express my goodwill. I will speak of this matter to nobody else. You may spread the information or keep it to yourself as you please."

"How generous of you." Neil says dryly. "But if you think this knowledge is enough to sway me..."

"Humanity's Flaw is one of its greatest tragedies." Diablo says, his tone becoming oddly sympathetic. "I know how deeply this has hurt your people, even if you do not. The demons once had a Flaw as well. Our angel oppressors would not allow us to threaten their reign, and it was only through a gift given to us by the last dragon, Leviathan, that we were able to take control of the power within ourselves."

"The power to eat souls." Neil says. "What a _wonderful_ and not at all monstrous ability."

"I don't know what powers you humans may obtain through the repairing of your Flaw." Diablo continues, ignoring Neil's barbs. "But what I do know is that your lives will be greatly enhanced in due time. Since you do not have a dragon to empower you, your evolution will likely come more gradually. Be prepared for massive societal shifts."

Diablo lifts his hand and holds his palm face-up in a show of openness.

"Neil. Enemies need not be eternal. When a proper exchange of benefits occurs, even a blood feud can cool. If you help me take planets from the Plague, I will give you a portion of those worlds to rule as humanity sees fit. We can take back our galaxy from the Plague, _and_ the Volgrim as well. Can you not imagine such a future? Three factions, separate but distinct, all working together to unite against a common cause? Would it not be glorious?"

"I cannot envision even a single thing you can offer me that would turn me into your ally." Neil retorts. "What good is a world taken from the Plague? I would have to plant a Warden on its soil to prevent the Plague from seizing its core again. And a Warden can only be a demon. Whether they are from your kind, or one of our supposed 'allies,' it matters not. Perhaps, if humans could become Wardens, my ear might bend itself to your offer more willingly. But I don't see you making such an offer..."

Diablo's expression darkens. "Indeed, I am unable to Uplift humans. My ability is only compatible with demons. At least as far as I know."

"Then what other reason do we have to work together?" Neil presses. "I'm still talking to you, aren't I?"

Diablo once again falls silent for a few moments.

"Where is Hope Hiro? Is he available to speak?"

"I haven't spoken to him in a few days." Neil says, divulging no other information. "Anything you say to me, I will relay to him."

"That's awfully generous of you." Diablo answers. "Perhaps in the future, I'll take you up on that offer. Well, I already knew it probably wouldn't change anything if I asked for your help. Still, I felt the need to ask anyway, if only to see how our talk might play out."

"You've certainly given me a few useful nuggets of information." Neil says with a smile. "But I'm sorry, Diablo. I don't think you and I will ever truly be capable of becoming allies."

"Who can say?" Diablo asks, before motioning with his hand. He conjures a small card with magical demonic writing infused onto its surface, then reaches out and places the card on Neil's desk. "This is my calling card. I formed it from my Cosmic power. If you should ever change your mind, or if you feel like talking, you may use this to contact me at any time."

Neil glances at the card, but doesn't reach out to pick it up.

"I'll have someone who specializes in magic take a look at it later. Are we done here?"

"Yes." Diablo answers, before standing up. "We are. My apologies for dropping in out of the blue. Next time, I'll bring a bouquet of flowers for that pretty secretary of yours."

"She'd rather drop dead than take flowers from a demon." Neil says with a bland expression. He rises from his chair, still maintaining eye contact with Diablo. "Be seeing you, Archdemon. Or rather, I hope I won't."

"Haha. Such a charming fellow." Diablo says, before reaching up to touch his forehead.

A moment later, his body fades away, but his calling card remains on the desk, faintly glowing with demonic energy...

Neil glares at the card. He deliberately refuses to touch it, not sure whether it might possess any magic that could contaminate his soul or some other nefarious power.

Instead, he touches a comm button on his desk. "Debra. Would you mind calling one of the Fairy Queens for me? Or Princess Melia. Yes, any of them will do. Thank you."

Neil sits back down at his desk. His expression shifts between a variety of emotions as he glares at Diablo's calling card.

_Nothing will ever cause me to take a demon at his word._ Neil thinks.

_Nothing at all..._