The bonfire appears once more. I materialize before the Archangels and Solomon with a hundred thoughts bubbling in my mind.

Immediately, Raphael notices the distress on my face. "What is the problem, young Hero?"

I stare at him for a moment, then turn my attention to Michael. "You tortured the demons. Brutally."

Michael, still sitting on the log, rolls his eyes. "Aye. Dost thee feel a sliver of compassion for them after seeing the deaths they caused? Bloodskins began the war when they turned Samael into our enemy. Valac killed dozens of angels before they had a chance to defend themselves. I posit that a little torture was more than justified."

Solomon raises his eyebrow. "You make it sound as though your barbarism didn't last long."

"The time spent matters little. Had the rat bastards opened their mouths and told me what I wished to know, I would have freed them from the world of the living much sooner."

"You would have killed them," I reply, correcting him. "Wow. Aren't you generous?"

Gabriel clears his throat. "Ahem. Jason, allow me to play _devil's advocate_. My people lived in relative peace for several eons in Heaven. The imps never made any effort to voice their concerns. Instead, they turned against us, murdered one of our beloved brothers along with hundreds of cherubim, and then turned tail when we mustered a force to stop them. Our rage ran hot. 'Tis easy for thee to judge Michael for his actions from what you know of the past now, but back then, nobody could blame him. Many of us wished we could torture the survivors ourselves. Millions of my brethren felt relief at drawing and quartering the remaining imps in Heaven. I would not call thee incorrect if ye stated we should have pondered the consequences more carefully... but hindsight is 20/20, as humans say."

I regard Gabriel's words for a full minute, thinking silently to myself.

"Maybe. I guess I can't apply today's morality to yesterday's society, but it's tempting. How about we call it a draw and move on?"

Michael averts his eyes. "Hmph."

I turn my attention to Raphael. "Cronus seemed like a decent guy. Even when Uzziel let your mana situation slip, he didn't attack."

The old man nods. "Mmm. Cronus was a war-weary survivor of the Primordial Era. To a mortal, a million years seems an incomprehensible, vast amount of time. However, to deities like myself, time passes significantly faster. The last hundred-thousand years were a blur. If thou dids't stand in his position, the ancient wars might be like months or even days in thy eyes. 'Twas a recent memory for all of us."

Solomon rubs his chin. "I'm only a hundred thousand years old, so I don't compare to you lot in the age department. I was technically dead for most of that time, so I'm still used to a human timescale. Anyway, I imagine the speed at which time passed is what caused your next blunder."

"What do you mean?" I ask, turning to Solomon. "What happened?"

Gabriel rises to his feet. The fifteen-foot tall Archangel pops his back as he stretches. "Nnn! Ahh. Well, Jason, fifty years passed in the blink of an eye. The demons-"

Solomon interrupts Gabriel. "A hundred."

"I beg thy pardon?" Gabriel glances at Solomon in irritation. "A hundred what?"

"Years. Not fifty. A hundred years passed. Closer to a hundred and twenty, in fact."

"The exact number matters not," Gabriel says, waving Solomon's correction off. "Several dozen years passed, and the demons raided Heaven to free their comrades, seemingly out of nowhere. Their numbers had swelled to ten thousand, by that point."

"That many?" I cross my arms. "I thought only a few hundred demons escaped Heaven alive. That's a huge jump to go from hundreds to thousands."

Solomon purses his lips. "I assume you recall the vision where Leviathan gave Lucifer a special ability?"

"Sure. What about it?"

"Lucifer became instrumental in shaping the future of demonkind," Solomon says. "Before we jump a hundred and twenty years forward, I think we should detour to see the ramifications of her new powers."

I nod. "No reason to skip significant events. Take it away. You're my guide to the past."

Solomon motions to form magic signs. "So long as you think we have time, I'll show you anything you wish to see."

Before Solomon activates another vision, I grab his arm. "Wait. Hold on. I've seen tons of visions already. What time is it outside of the crown?"

"Not to worry. Since you entered my crown, only seven minutes have passed in the physical dimension."

I blink. "That's all?"

"Yes. That's all."

Nodding, I lean back as relief washes over me. "Wow, it feels like I've been in your crown for weeks."

"The passage of time is in the eye of the beholder," Raphael says with a wink. In a way, thou art receiving a taste of how it moves for us as well."

"Mmm."

I nod at Solomon.

"Alright. Make it so."

.........................................................................

The moment I arrive in the ancient past, I end up gazing upon a horrifying, awful, disgusting sight. The overwhelming urge to retch engulfs my body. Waves of nausea pass through my stomach, travel to my throat, and burn my nose. Somehow, Satan manages to suppress his nausea before expelling anything.

"Bloody- what the devil is that?!" Satan coughs out words he and I are both thinking. A massive 14-foot-tall monstrosity lays inert in a cave system, nearly filling the entire area ahead of us. The wall of red flesh writhes and wriggles, while moaning to itself in pain.

Beside me, a woman speaks. "Beautiful, isn't she? Her former name was Mildred. I call her '_Imp Shitter_' now."

I turn to look at the speaker. Lucifer stands beside me, grinning from ear to ear. Her razor-sharp teeth give her the appearance of a predator, as if she's sizing me up for her next meal. Her third eye twitches back and forth, looking from me to the disgusting lump of red flesh.

"Mildred? What the devil did you do to her?!" I ball up my fist and exhale angrily. "She's disgusting!"

Lucifer chuckles into her palm. "Hehe, it was a shame, but she was the ideal test subject for Leviathan's powers."

"You're terrible! I can't believe you! This shit is unforgivable!"

Satan's rage boils like a fire. I can feel his hatred churning as he prepares to lunge at Lucifer and tear her head off.

"What are you saying? Mildred is the first of many. She will save demonkind. I thought you'd be happy."

Satan pauses. "F-first of many? Explain yourself, fat-tits. You've got ten seconds before I splatter you over the walls and tell the dragon to make Valac our new envoy."

Lucifer holds up her palms in a mock display of fear. "Oh no, heavens, please. Surely you wouldn't attack a helpless woman. Come now, Satan. Mildred is no ordinary demoness anymore. I've adjusted her body's internal structure to be like that of an ant queen. I think she's _cute_."

I scoff. "Cute? Cute?! She's a fat, blubbering swamp monster! Why is she so nasty-looking? And what's up with..."

I pause to lean around and stare at Mildred's rear. Her body isn't only tall and fat, but long, too. It extends backward for nearly thirty feet, filling the tunnel with her rear extremities.

"...with THAT? It's hideous!"

Lucifer rolls her eyes. "Mildred is a new type of demon, one I designed to produce imps. She can whelp several dozen at a time. As I said, I based her body on that of an ant-queen. She's asexual and able to produce offspring without the loving touch of a male. She will quickly birth many imps for us to swell our ranks."

It takes a minute, but Satan manages to settle down. He swallows hard as he gazes at the corpulent body of what used to be an ordinary demoness. The uneasiness in his stomach doesn't go away, but he seems to accept it. "Fine. She shits out imps. Still, why's she gotta look so disgusting? Mildred had a pretty nice body, before."

Lucifer feigns ignorance. "Oh, that's how Leviathan's power works. If you want an army to rival the Archangels, you'll have to make a few sacrifices."

"Yeah? Don't play stupid. You knew I fancied Mildred. You picked her to piss me off, didn't you? Stupid bitch. From now on, pick the ugly women first."

Mildred's glazed eyes open for a moment. "S... Sa... Sat... an... hur... ts..."

Lucifer ignores Mildred's weeping. Instead, she rubs her chin. "Hmm. What should I call this creature? An imp-queen? No. Too regal for a spawn-spitting sow. Perhaps I could call her a 'bloody mother.' No, that reminds me of the insults the angels foist upon us. I'll have to give the matter some thought."

I turn away and shake my head. "Call her what you will. In the future, tell me what disgusting experiments you'll be doing. That's an order."

Lucifer flinches. "Tch. Bossing me around won't win you any favors, even if your contract forces me to obey. You had better start giving me the respect I deserve."

"After butchering a perfectly good dame, the only thing you deserve is a visit to Leviathan's stomach," I quip.

Turning to walk away, I call out, "Remember! I want advance knowledge of whatever you're up to! No more surprises, Lucy!"

Her voice hisses at my back. "It's Lucifer! Not Lucy!"

"Yeah, yeah, whatever."

...

The tunnel stretches ahead of me. I'm underground somewhere, though I haven't a clue where. Everywhere I look, the corridor branches off in different directions, often to small rooms where various male or female demons sit around, chat with each other, and play games involving sticks or rocks.

A sense of boredom fills the underground base. Given how big it is, a decent chunk of time must have passed since I last possessed Satan's body for a vision. A month? Two? Perhaps more?

Satan trudges through the hallways, ignoring the goings-on of the demons around him. Eventually, he arrives at a path that quickly slopes upward. Within a minute, he emerges through a layer of underbrush hiding the demon lair and out onto a snowy Earth. The winter is noticeably frostier than before. It's cold enough outside that I almost want to shiver, but Satan's enhanced body withstands the winter chill. It's barely an annoyance to him.

Satan shuffles through the snow, kicking it out of the way.

"Change my babes into freaks, why don't'cha. Fuckin' Lucifer. Stupid bitch. I ain't one to hit a broad, but I oughta teach that three-eyed freak a lesson."

Satan grumbles to himself as he exits the forest cover shielding the underground demon lair. Once he steps onto an open plain, something catches his attention. Out across the valley, close to a hundred demon grunts line up in pairs, brawling with each other. At the front of their group, Agares stands wrapped in several animal skins. He shivers and clenches his teeth as the winds of winter whip around him.

"D-d-do t-t-two more r-reps! S-Silko! Put y-your back into it! Goron, y-you need t-to dodge!"

I walk over to Agares' side. "You okay? You look like you're having trouble standing."

Agares whips his head toward me. The poor young guy is shivering like a madman. "S-Satan! Oh, devils! It's s-so b-b-buh-bloody cold out here! My whole b-b-body's startin' to ache!"

I nod. "Go inside, then. Cripes. I thought Valac was supposed to be training the troops today. He knows you're useless in the cold."

Agares shakes his head violently. "I a-ain't seen him around. That g-guy's a real n-n-nomad. He does whatever h-h-he wants. Gah! I gotta go, boss. C-can't take this cold any longer."

I nod. "Warm up, friend. There's no sense in having you turn into an ice-cube."

Agares shuffles away without another word, leaving me with the troops. Most of them seem to be suffering too, but nowhere near the same extent as him. Having Phoebe teach me what she knows about demonology has been useful over the last six years. In addition to Bahamut's libraries, Phoebe also learned about demons from the Knights of the Round Table. The majority of demons are quite resistant to hot and cold weather, especially compared to humans. Solomon has explained that it's due to a bunch of biochemical processes that heat their blood during the winter and expel heat during the summer.

I'm no biologist. All I know is that's how it works. Since Agares' body is something like a lizard's, he must be cold-blooded. Interesting. 

Satan slowly rubs his hands together, more to relieve tension than to warm himself up. Something's eating at him, but it isn't apparent what.

Well, until his thoughts begin to swirl.

_Lucifer's changing my women into beasts. Valac's slackin' off again. Agares can't work in the cold. Devil's sake. I've gotta do all the work around here. If I don't get Deebs and Bael back, I won't have any decent helpers. What's a guy gotta do to find a few yes-men?_

Not far away, one of the trainees suddenly stumbles in the snow. He gasps and clutches his chest, then falls to his knees. His training partner, Vepar, cocks her head. "Hm? Tirrus? What's the matter? I barely hit you."

Tirrus wheezes hard as his eyes zig and zag everywhere, which I recognize as the classic signs of a panic attack. "Aw, man, geez! Too... too much! Too much work! Too hard! Ahh! I can't take it anymore! I wanna... I wanna go back to Heaven! I hate it here! It's m-miserable! All we do is work and work! Nnn!!"

He squeezes his legs and tries to control himself, but his emotions grow ever more erratic. I start walking toward him. "Hey! Whaddya yappin' about? I thought I went over this already!"

The young grunt glances up at me, terror in his eyes. "M-mister Satan! Come on, man! You gotta let me go back. I can't take it here anymore! We never have any fun or get to take days off! We don't-"

"Quit your bitching," I mutter. "You think you're the only one who has it bad? Vepar here works just as hard as you do. So do I. We all live underground just in case the angels come flying overhead, but nobody's having fun."

Tirrus's breathing slows noticeably. "I... I d-didn't mean to suggest... that, uh..."

I glance around the clearing. Several of the trainees have stopped sparring to whisper conspiratorially to each other. It seems many of them are thinking the same thoughts at Tirrus. A lot of discontent is brewing under the surface.

I reach down, grab Tirrus's arm, and pull him up. "Calm your tits. Everyone's a little on edge. It's okay to let out your anger and frustrations once in a while. Just don't go doin' anything stupid like trying to find Heaven again, ya feel me? If you go there, the angels will kill you. I'd rather not have any dead demons on my watch. As long as we stick together, we'll grow more powerful. Soon, we can return and kick their asses."

The young demon's breathing evens out. "Y-yeah! Totally!"

Several trainees nearby pump their fists in the air. "Right on!"

I breathe a silent sigh of relief as I pat Tirrus on the back. "Now get back to training. No slacking. I'm going to have a big feast tonight, and everyone can lounge around after their combat practice is over."

With the whoops of approval at my back, I turn around and pace toward a tree, then lean back against it. _Cripes. I'm babysitting a buncha morons,_ Satan thinks to himself. _Whine, bitch, moan. That's all they ever do. I'm just glad they're all dumb as rocks._

Satan's sour mindset contrasts with his assertive outward appearance and how he smiles and waves at people. I can practically hear the thoughts of those nearby as they marvel at his 'amazing' leadership capabilities.

However, seeing things from his perspective makes me realize he's bitter, confused, and unsure of what he should do next.

_If only these guys knew how good they had it,_ Satan thinks. _They could be dead, or worse. Samael told me that Michael is probably torturing Bael and Deebs. I've gotta save 'em. No way I'm leavin' two of my best warriors to rot in Heaven._

"Satan!" A woman's voice to my left startles me. I jerk my head toward the disturbance to spot Belial gasping for breath. "It's terrible! Come quickly! Valac has gone berserk!"

"What? Berserk?! What do you mean-"

"He's killing demons left and right! Come on, come on!!"

Panic covers every inch of Belial's face. I nod and quickly follow after her. "What direction?"

"North, near Leviathan's cave. I don't know what happened!" Belial and I hop over boulders and run through bushes in our path, even as the snow reaches almost two-feet in height, making us wade through it like a swimming pool. "I think one of the grunts insulted him, and a few others started laughing. I wanted to stay and fight, but-"

"But, nothing," I say, cutting her off. My eight vectors burst from my back. I reach over, grab her waist with my left arm, and jump into the air. Belial yelps in surprise as we seemingly levitate into the air. My eight invisible limps press into the snow below, transforming me into some form of a massive spider. 

Belial's eyes turn to saucers as she spots the five-clawed imprints rapidly appearing in the snow below. "What in the name of-?!"

"Don't worry about it, toots. I've got a new trick up my sleeve. Bah! What is Valac thinkin'?!"

Using my vectors, we zoom forward ten times faster than before. Sometimes a vector will lunge toward a tree branch and yank us forward, giving a big burst of speed. Belial's cries of terror turn to glee as we continue, then vanish once she remembers where we're heading.

"You can't fight Valac! He's too powerful! Don't you remember what happened when we fought the cave bear? What about when we were in Heaven, and he killed all those cherubs? You'll die!"

I grit my teeth. "Shut up, dumbass. I ain't gonna lose to the likes of him! Not this time. I've had enough of him muckin' up my plans."

Satan's thoughts transform into seething anger. _Yeah, that's right. All that piece of work does is question me. He never contributes anything, because he thinks he's **sooo** tough. Big ol' Valac, always mockin' me every chance he gets. Well, I'll tell you what, it ends today. I draw the line at killing other demons. No way that continues anymore. Not if I have a say in it._

Within two minutes, the base of the mountain appears. I drop Belial into a snowbank and continue forward, ignoring her yelp of surprise as she hits the ground. The sounds of several demons yelling and screaming grow louder every second. Soon, I encounter the first body, that of a young male grunt. Another male follows, and a female, and several others.

By the time I've passed thirty bodies, I levitate above the wall of trees and pounce toward the barely visible opening to Leviathan's cave. Not half a football field away, ten demons battle Valac as the scythe-wielding madman cackles gleefully.

"Look at you run! Look at you fight! Try and stop me, but you lack the might! Whether you flee or face your plight, you'll find I'm a blight in the night! Neehehe!"

Thirty more demon bodies lie motionless in the snow. Given how long it probably took Belial to find me, Valac must have been killing his comrades for over half an hour.

One of the demons, Orias, stays in the back while his friends try to keep Valac at bay. I only recognize him due to his black-bear fur coat and the length of his horns, a sign that he's possibly at the level of a Lord or higher.

Orias motions with his hands while sweat pours off his brow. He tries to form magical symbols, but right as he's about to complete his incantation, Valac pauses momentarily to hold his lantern aloft. A ghostly spirit rushes out and explodes next to Orias, knocking him on his ass and disrupting his spell.

"Damn you, Valac! You'll pay!" Orias howls. "I'll kill you ten times for every friend of mine you've slain!"

Valac chuckles. "You, kill me? I laugh at the thought! You're all weak and pathetic; the whole lot! Bend over and prepare, for your death is at hand! Once I'm through with you-"

Before Valac can finish, Satan slingshots himself forward with his vectors and swoops at Valac's backside. "Shut up, moron!"

Satan's body plows into Valac with thunderous force, smashing the undead demon into the snow. All eight vectors cocoon around me, cushioning my body from the impact.

Valac is not so lucky. He crashes, spins, and bends unnaturally, coming to a stop a short distance away. I recover quickly and pull myself to my feet, then turn to Orias and his ten grunts. "Sorry I'm late. You guys okay?"

Orias nods, but his eyes betray how terrified he is. He clutches a dozen diamonds while sweating profusely. "W-we can't stop him, Satan! Valac is too powerful! I've been trying to ignite these gems, but he won't let me finish!"

I hold up my palm. "You guys are in the way. Get to safety. I'll handle this."

Orias's eyes widen. "Impossible! You won't win! He'll kill you!"

The snow shifts where Valac landed. The undead demon slowly pulls himself back together, making me shove Orias away with my palm. "I'll be fine! Get outta here. See if any of the others are still alive. You'll only slow me down."

Orias hesitates. Before he can object, I snarl at him. "GO!"

That does the trick. Seeing my anger puts the fear of the devil in him. Orias nods and grabs the others. They hustle away, and I turn my attention to Valac as he rises to his feet.

The Grim Reaper's glowing red eyes fixate on me from beneath his hood. "Well, well well, look who's here, it's Satan, the _pretender_. You think you're my match? You're not even a contender. You fled from the angels and left your friends to die, but when I finish you off, you'll break down and cry."

Satan glares at Valac. "Your rhymes won't save you this time, bub. You ain't even good at 'em. I ain't the demon I was when winter began, I've grown more powerful than you can possibly imagine."

Valac drops all pretense of rhyming as he lowers his voice. "As have I."

I shoot a glance at the demons lying around me. Their empty gazes stare up into the sky as a light snow rains down from the heavens above. Then, I turn to Valac. "If the only reason you killed your family was to grow stronger, then you disgust me. No matter how many souls you take, you'll never fill out the empty hole in your chest. You ain't nothin'."

Valac stretches to his full height, standing a few inches taller than me. "Talk is cheap."

The Grim Reaper jumps at me, clearing the twenty-foot gap between us with frightening speed. His scythe lunges for my chest. The instant before it hits, one of my vectors bats it to the side. Valac stumbles and gasps, opening himself up for a counter-attack. I seize the opportunity to smash my fist into his face, bruising my knuckles on the fleshless bone of his skull. Valac stumbles backward but manages to right himself. 

His right arms grip the scythe, while the upper left holds his lantern. The fourth quickly forms several magic signs, and a ghostly soul flies at my chest. My vectors try to deflect it, but it passes through them and explodes against my ribs with the force of a grenade, sending me careening backward end over end.

Once again, my Vectors surround me, forming an invisible shield to absorb the kinetic energy threatening my life. I roll out of the death spiral and right myself in midair, landing neatly on my feet. Suddenly, blood rushes from my chest as several broken ribs protrude outward.

The pain, agonizing, doubles Satan over. To his credit, the devil manages to hold his concentration, even as blood begins to seep through the fresh wounds. "F-fuckin... cunt..."

Valac motions with his free hand, and another soul rushes toward me. My eyes widen in panic as I realize I can't deflect it. Satan's vectors kick into overdrive, yanking him away at the last second before the soul can impact.

Something unexpected happens. Valac disappears and teleports to the soul's position. "Surprise!"

His scythe rushes at my back, right in my blind spot. 

Satan gasps. _Shit! He can teleport by throwing his souls!_

His teeth gnash together. This time, an invisible palm rushes forward and forms a solid barrier, blocking Valac's scythe before it can hit my back.

Valac's jaw drops. "What? Impossible! How did you-?!"

He starts to leap backward, putting distance between us, but another vector grabs his scythe and rips it from his grasp, then flings it toward the top of the mountain. I spin around to face Valac and immediately launch an assault before he can recover. Two vectors grab his arms, holding him in place, while three others begin violently pummeling him. The invisible limbs beat, batter, and bash the undead freak over and over. Valac tries to block the invisible fists, but he's powerless to stop them.

I pause for a split second, lift Valac above my head, and slam him into the ground.

The instant before Valac hits, his body disappears. My vectors smash into the snow, blowing out a small crater and sending sleet in every direction.

Valac materializes a short distance away, panting for breath. His bones lie snapped and broken in several directions. The so-called Grim Reaper writhes on the ground, unable to control his spastic movement. "Imposs... impossible! Y-you... you can't have... g-grown... this strong... so quickly!"

I wince as my ribs poke further out of my chest. My vision blurs slightly. A strange redness enters my eyes. "Nng. You underestimated me... dipshit. Even if you didn't, you can't... can't block my attacks. I have the perfect offense _and_ the perfect defense."

Valac motions with his hand. A soul exits his lantern and enters his body. Immediately, his bones begin to mend. The bony bastard pulls himself together and rises to his feet. Despite his repaired frame, he appears noticeably more exhausted than before. 

"Tch. What's the matter, Satan? You're looking worse for wear. Avert your eyes, for there's no need to stare. Once I considered myself a risk-taker, but today I refuse to meet my maker."

I groan. "Bloody devils. Again with... with your damn rhyming!"

My vectors coil beneath me. I pounce at Valac, only for him to vanish again, as he teleports toward the top of the mountain.

I hit the dirt and swivel to face him. Valac stands for a moment and eyeballs me. "I'm tired of you, and I hate how you rule. I'm surrounded by weaklings who all slobber and drool. I see now that this is no place for one such as I, so devilspeed, farewell, and goodbye."

Valac motions once again. His scythe materializes in his grasp, and he teleports away, leaving me by myself.

Satan's anger slowly ebbs. After a few moments, the demon leader sags down and flops on his back. 

"Y-yeah... you'd better... fuckin'... run..."

One minute passes. Two. Three.

The life slowly fades from my body. Suddenly, Belial appears above me. The panic in her eyes is palpable. "Oh, devils! That's a lot of blood! Satan! Are you okay?"

My vision begins to blur. "F-feelin'... real sleepy..."

"No, don't walk toward the darkness! I'll heal you! Prepare yourself."

Two seconds later, blinding pain lances through my chest as my ribs pop into place. I jolt awake and gasp for breath. "Gahh! Augh! Shit!"

After the phantom pain fades, I gaze into Belial's eyes. It takes several minutes before I can speak again.

"Th-thanks... girl..."

Belial cranes her neck to gaze at the bodies lying in the snow.

"No. Thank _you_ for teaching Valac a lesson. I only wish you'd killed the bastard."

I nod. 

"Yeah. Me too."