Part 632: Ancient Rivalries
Part 632: Ancient Rivalries

January 21st, 2021. 4AM.

Normally, it would take the group of demons over half a day to make their way back north to the Illuminati's base. However, thanks to Belial and Lucifer's contacts, they were able to arrange a direct Warper teleportation array into the woodlands only fifty or so miles from the Illuminati's Haven. Any closer, and the demons risked detection. With so many Emperors gathered together, their demonic auras were sure to cause a spike in the humans' energy scanners.

As they appeared inside a densely wooded forest area, Ose gestured toward a huge knapsack she'd brought along. As a Demon Baron, she had a powerful physical body. Her strength was many times higher than even the strongest human bodybuilder, so carrying a full ton of equipment meant nothing to her, let alone a bag of seemingly random knick-knacks.

"I cannot predict if the Illuminati will know we're coming." Ose warned the others. "It is entirely possible we're walking into a trap. If we're not, then hopefully my precautions will protect us. But first, let's discuss operational roles. Belial?"

Belial nodded. As the leader of this expedition, she would take the full blame if anything went wrong, so it would be up to her to decide how they proceeded.

"This expedition into a human fortress will not be simple. We have clashed with the Illuminati many times. They are well aware of my abilities, and are certain to have taken precautions against me. However, Ose is one of our better-kept secrets. The humans know she exists, and that she is our sole technomancer, but I doubt they are aware of just how adept she is at manipulating their gadgets."

Belial glanced around the group.

"I will be infiltrating the base, while Ose will be assisting me. But all of you can provide additional support in your own way. Lucifer, your third eye can see through any obstruction. Your job is long-range reconnaissance and communications. It will be up to you to keep us appraised on the situation in the base. If need be, use your powers to knock the humans unconscious or trap them in their... nightmares. Try not to set off any alarms, though."

Lucifer snorted. "I'm not _stupid_. I know how to handle myself."

Belial forced a smile. "Of course you aren't. I wouldn't imply otherwise. Murmur, your telekinesis will be best used to create distractions, or to help us fight our way out in the event the humans discover my presence."

Murmur nodded quietly. "Okay."

She almost never had anything to say.

Bael pointed his thumb at himself. "What about me??"

"Same story as Murmur." Belial explained. "After me, you're our strongest combat asset. If things go south, you'll jump in and help me break out."

Bael nodded seriously. "Gotcha. Which way is south again? And what if they go north instead? Do I, uh, keep quiet?"

Belial stared at Bael for five long seconds. Then she looked away, not bothering to answer his thick-headed question.

"Ose. I want you to send out your Astral Body. I'm sure to run into devices I can't open, passwords that need cracking, other human stuff. Can you get past them without being there in person?"

Ose sneered. "That will be the _easiest_ part. Nobody can detect me in my Astral Form if I don't want them doing so."

Belial nodded. She turned to the last demon.

"Abby, I'm not familiar with your powers, but you're a Baron, so they must be good. Care to elaborate?"

Abby, who was standing as close to Ose as she possibly could without touching her, smiled giddily.

"Of course! I have a bunch of powers, but mainly I specialize in influencing minds and emotions. I can make people see things that aren't there, make them start thinking about memories from their pasts, fantasize about _particularly_ hot and heavy-"

"I see." Belial interrupted, before Abby could say anything weird. "That's good. Your power should synergize with mine. I assume your abilities work at long range?"

Abby nodded. "Against other demons, I have to get up close and personal, but human minds are suuuuper weak and easy to influence."

"Then while I'm breaking in, you'll focus on distracting the humans to give me more leeway." Belial concluded. "Monitor them to see if anyone is holding any suspicious thoughts, and if they are, draw their attention elsewhere."

"Okay! Sounds easy enough." Abby chirped cutely.

"Good." Belial said with a nod. "Then it's settled. We should reach their Haven within thirty minutes if we run at just below top speed-"

"Wait." Ose interrupted. "You're forgetting someone."

Belial blinked. She followed Ose's hands as the demoness gestured to her side.

"Oh. Right. Gressil." Belial said, raising an eyebrow. "Ahh... and your abilities are...?"

Gressil didn't seem to hear her. He looked off to the side, as if lost in his own little world.

"Gressil?" Belial asked. "Gressil??"

Finally, the moody young demon blinked. He turned his head slightly to look at her. "Huh?"

"Your powers." Belial repeated. "What are they?"

"He summons _butterflies._" Lucifer sneered. "Stupid, worthless butterflies. I told you we were better off not bringing-"

"Mother!" Ose snapped, irritation on her face. Seeing that her words shut Belial up, Ose forced herself to regain her center of calm. "Gressil is... an illusionist. He can conjure illusions. It's not _just_ butterflies. He's sort of like a mini-Raphael."

Lucifer rolled all three of her eyes. "Yes, yes, he can summon bats and birds too. Truly _terrifying._"

Gressil lowered his eyes. Lucifer's words seemed to hurt his feelings. He didn't say anything in response.

Belial frowned. Lucifer's constant denigration of her 'son' made Belial feel deeply uncomfortable. It was unnecessary and detrimental to the mission. If he was coming, then Belial couldn't allow Gressil to act like or think of himself as a useless burden. He might act too slowly in a moment of crisis and cause a catastrophe.

"Gressil..." Belial said softly. "You're an illusionist?"

Gressil lifted his eyes for a moment to look at Belial, then he lowered them again.

"...Yes." Gressil said, his reply barely audible.

Belial shot Lucifer a warning glare before returning her gaze to the young demon. "I happen to think illusions can be extremely powerful under the right circumstances. Can you perhaps cloak our bodies to make us harder to detect as we approach?"

Gressil looked at Belial once more. He stared at her for a good few seconds, then slowly nodded.

"...sible..." Gressil mumbled.

"What was that?" Belial asked, smiling a little to try and lift his spirits.

"I can... become... invisible..." Gressil mumbled. "Hide myself. Maybe hide... everyone here. Haven't tried before..."

"Whoa!" Belial exclaimed. "If you really can, that would be a huge help. Will you be able to maintain the illusion while we're on the move, even while racing through the forest?"

Gressil smiled, though only by the tiniest bit. "...Maybe. I can... try."

His slow way of speaking told Belial what she needed to know. Every demon had the ability to accomplish great things. It was clear that his confidence had been shattered long ago. He had lost faith in himself, and had lost his spark of curiosity. It was no wonder, with Lucifer constantly mocking and insulting him.

Belial's smile turned somewhat somber. She felt the young demon was a tragic figure. The way he looked at her, like a dog that had received the first treat of its entire life, made her want to envelop him in a motherly hug and tell him everything would be all right.

But obviously, this was neither the time nor the place. The clock was ticking, and dawn's first light would soon arrive. It was more important to get Gressil in gear and ready for action while getting his mother to shut up about him for a few hours than it was to worry about his self-esteem.

After learning a bit more about him and investigating his powers, Belial pulled Lucifer away and took care to lower her voice. The other demons all had sharp hearing, and Belial wanted this conversation to be at least a _little_ bit private.

"I don't want to hear another word from you. Not one word, about Gressil, for the rest of this mission." Belial hissed. "Got it? I don't care if you think he's worthless, or stupid, or whatever else. Keep your snide comments to yourself."

"Don't tell me what to do." Lucifer bit back, puffing her chest out. She poked her finger in Belial's face in a provoking manner. "He's _my_ son, and I'll tell him whatever I want. The stupid idiot needs some tough love."

"Tough love? There's no love in anything you say!" Belial whispered. "Just shut your mouth for a few hours. It won't kill you, and it might allow all of us to also avoid getting killed."

Lucifer frowned. "You're taking these humans way too seriously."

"No. _You're_ not taking them seriously _enough_." Belial retorted. "Did you not hear a single devil-damned thing your daughter said? There are not one, not two, but _three_ bloody Trueborn out there! Unknown powers, unknown appearances. We could be walking right into an ambush! I will not allow you to put all our lives in danger. If you can't shut your trap, then you're off the mission."

Lucifer sneered. "If you cut me out, Ose, Gressil, and Abby stay with me."

Belial cocked her head. "Are you telling me I should involve Satan in this little spat? Do you think he'd let you off easy, knowing the stakes?"

Lucifer's haughty grin evaporated. She glowered at Belial, seething under the surface.

Lucifer had few compunctions. She was an insanely powerful and versatile demoness. Against even the mightiest Archangel, she could come out on top, or at least escape with her life.

But Satan was the one entity she could not afford to piss off. She had gone against him only a few times in the past, and she nearly died every time. The only reason she still drew breath was because Satan had let her live. Unfortunately, he had forced her to sign one of his contracts. It wasn't a slave contract, like what he made lesser demons sign, but it allowed him to always know her location, no matter where she hid.

If she enraged Satan, he would come for her. She would not come out the victor.

The Emperor of Providence bristled, but could not offer a retort. She glared daggers at Belial, but ultimately relented. She wouldn't mind beating the shit out of her rival, but if she went too far, she would not escape Satan's wrath. Such was the control he held over all the other Hells. When shit hit the fan, they always fell in line.

"Fine." Lucifer practically spat. "I'll... keep my comments to myself. Happy?"

Belial forced herself to smile in the most sickeningly cutesy way she could. "Oh, thank you, _Lucy_. You're always so understanding! _Teehee_!"

Belial playfully scampered away, leaving Lucifer's eyes twitching and her teeth gnashing.

"Don't... call me... Lucy... you _bitch_..."

Minutes later, the demons regrouped. Gressil summoned his illusions to cover all of them with light-bending distortions, and they became nearly invisible. Even radar would have a hard time spotting them. Then, Ose reached into her bulky knapsack and pulled out wristbands that she tossed to all the demons.

"I reverse-engineered the human's scanners. These are Energy Inhibitors. They will greatly weaken demonic energy signatures, especially for higher ranking demons. However, they will also inhibit your powers a bit. If we end up fighting, then rip them off. Crush them into powder if possible so the humans can't salvage anything. They'll allow us to sneak onto the outside of the base without being detected."

Belial nodded. She wrapped the band around her wrist and instantly felt her internal energy being suppressed through some unknown mechanism. At the same time, she nearly lost track of the other demons, since she stopped being able to sense their presences.

"What a marvelous invention. Not bad for technology based on human stuff." Belial casually commented.

Ose glared at her. "It isn't human-based. _I_ made it from scratch."

"Oh. Sorry, I didn't know." Belial apologized.

Ose didn't seem very accepting of the apology. Like mother, like daughter.

Without further ado, the demons all started running toward the Illuminati compound at full speed. Instead of fanning out, they stuck together, their footsteps somewhat loud due to the speed of their travel and the strength in their legs. Bael was easily the loudest. Each impact of his foot against the ground sounded like a boulder falling off a cliff. The group had to stick together so Gressil could keep everyone hidden, but Bael's damned stomping would likely give them away without the humans needing to physically spot them!

Belial directed a quick appreciative glance at Gressil. It turned out he was a Baron, like his sister, but also a complete unknown. Belial hadn't heard of him before, so she had no idea how he obtained the souls needed to become one. Did Lucifer empower him in spite of her irrational hatred?

Belial wasn't sure. She pushed those thoughts aside, and once they drew within three miles of the base, she forced everyone to slow down. They continued to run, but much more quietly and cautiously. As high ranking demons, their stamina levels were far beyond any human. They could run for an entire day without feeling winded. Naturally, long and constant exertion would eventually exhaust them and force a sleep, but in general demons didn't really _need_ sleep, they simply rested once a week or so to keep themselves in prime physical condition.

After reaching the one-mile mark, they slowed to a steady walk. The demons began to creep forward, using their formidable senses to sweep the area and locate human sentries, technology-based scanning devices, cameras, and other such things.

Belial truly felt relieved that she had brought so many other demons along. Ose in particular was a huge help! Time and time again, Ose surreptitiously hacked a device before Belial and the others even knew it would be a problem. She set cameras to loop their video feeds, fed scanners with false information, and otherwise subverted every system they passed. Belial even started to feel sorry for the humans. They had no idea how much danger they were in and still thought themselves safe behind their walls.

At the same time, Abby and Lucifer played a key role during the approach. Abby was able to sense emotions, and since it was mainly Sentients who possessed them, she could tell when humans were near and distract them with idle thoughts, allowing the demons to sneak right past.

But even if Abby weren't present, Lucifer's third eye was even more terrifying. She could see through the jungle as easily as if it were a barren desert. Trees, boulders, fauna and flora, none of these things were an impediment to her third eye. Even with Ose's suppression bracelet weakening her abilities, it didn't affect her physical body or her third eye in the slightest. In terms of physicality, she was still at full strength.

Bael, on the other hand, contributed nothing during this phase of the mission. As they approached the hundred-meter mark and Lucifer announced that the Haven's walls were near, Bael quietly yawned.

"Man. I hope there's some action." Bael grumbled under his breath. "Sneaking around with a bunch of broads is so boring. Ain't that right, kid?"

He sent a huge grin in Gressil's direction, but the young male only gave him a raised eyebrow in confusion before refocusing on keeping the others invisible.

Bael's grin faltered, then he looked away. "...Never mind."

As Bael continued to mutter to himself, Belial finally brought the group to a standstill. She turned back to look at Lucifer, Murmur, Bael, Ose, Abby, and Gressil, all of whom met her eyes, one by one.

"This next part... is my burden to bear." Belial whispered. "We have about 45 minutes until dawn arrives. 6AM is my exit timer. Ose, keep close to me. Continue subverting the human's technology. Lucifer, Abby, you know what to do. The rest of you, stay on standby. I'm leaving now."

Bael yawned again. "Oh, alright, toots. See ya later. Bring me some snacks on the way back. Chips would be nice."

Belial rolled her eyes. She stepped forward, changed her appearance, and materialized inside the uniform of an Illuminati outer guard.

At the same time, Ose sat down, closed her eyes, and projected an astral figure of herself into reality. Unlike her future self, this projection was much fainter, which helped with making it even harder to detect, but it also weakened the effectiveness she had in manipulating the real world with her powers. Her ability to astrally project over long distances was also much weaker, but since she had yet to become an Emperor, she had no idea this weakness could be alleviated.

Not hesitating for even a moment longer, Belial began to quickly sneak forward, slithering through the trees like a snake in the tall grass. It didn't take her long before she sensed a human up ahead. It turned out to be someone wearing full tactical gear, covering their face and body from head to toe.

"Who's there?" The man asked, snapping to face the unexpected visitor. He took aim with his AR-15, narrowing his eyes when he caught a glimpse of someone wearing Illuiminati-issued tactical gear approaching from a strange direction. By the time he noticed the other person didn't have any guns or other tactical gear attached to their person, it was too late for him.

Belial pounced. She dove onto the man faster than he thought possible. His pupils shrunk to pinpricks as she ripped the gun from his hands.

"Help-!" The man started to shout, but a light slap from Belial knocked him unconscious. She made quick work of his uniform, stealing various pieces of equipment, his rifle, and his sidearm. She took off his helmet and touched his face, then her body changed form as she perfectly mimicked his appearance.

The man woke up a minute later, his head throbbing. He opened his eyes to see his own face staring at him, but the odd thing was, the other 'him' had glowing pink eyes.

Strange. Why did his other self appear so... _attractive_?"

"Hey, big boy." The man's other self said, his voice hauntingly seductive. "Why don't you tell me _all_ about yourself. What's your name, stud?"

The man's speech slurred. "Private... Jameson... Little... Rank 3."

"How long have you been on this base, Jamey-boy?" Belial asked.

"Four years... two months..." Jameson mumbled.

Belial spent a couple precious minutes extracting valuable intel from the man. She identified key weaknesses in the Illuminati's defenses, then caressed Jameson's cheek.

"You're such a good boy." She cooed. "Why don't you sleep for a while, sweetie? A few hours will do. You're _real_ tired."

Jameson blinked his eyes slowly. "Yeah... I am... tired.........."

He closed his eyes one last time, then drifted off to a deep sleep.

Ose, watching from behind Belial, grimaced. She felt sickened and repulsed by the ease in which Belial seduced the disgusting human. Ose herself hated humans. She studied them, learned about them, and became an expert on their ways, but only out of hatred. Ever since the ancient times when King Arthur nearly had many members of her brood-family slaughtered, she had hated humans. Arthur's subordinates had killed two of her brothers, leaving only Gressil behind.

Ose didn't know if she still loved Gressil. She knew he was at least somewhat important to her. She also hated that her adoptive mother always insulted him.

Gressil was different before the humans captured him. He was actually the strongest of her three brothers, and the first to ascend to Baron. But after that horrible day in Arthur's dungeons, he mentally broke. He lost too much, too abruptly. He shut down mentally, and the formidable Baron who Lucifer hastily adopted ended up a worthless investment in her eyes.

Ose knew why her mother hated Gressil. She would have thrown him away like garbage a long time ago, but she valued Ose highly and knew if she did truly dispose of Gressil, Ose would hate her. Even so, she simply couldn't hide her contempt for 'weaklings.' And Ose enabled her mother's actions because she liked being praised by such a powerful demoness. It helped that in her time of greatest need, Ose had been rescued by Lucifer, and therefore she bonded with her easily.

Ose's astral body sighed softly.

She didn't like the current status quo with her adoptive mother and blood-brother, but she felt too weak and powerless to change anything, and ultimately Ose herself benefited from the arrangement. As important as her older brother was, her revenge on the humans was even more so.

The humans had to suffer. They _had_ to pay for what they had done to her demon family, and so many others.

Belial looked behind herself. She could only just barely sense Ose's presence, but she couldn't see the Baron's astral body at all.

"Let's go." Belial whispered.

[Sure.] Ose said, her voice transmitting inside Belial's mind.

As much as Ose loathed Belial's disgusting human-seducing ways, ultimately she would tolerate them. All means and measures were acceptable in Ose's grand goal of someday exterminating humanity.

While Belial infiltrated, Ose assisted... and she pondered a great many things.

Perhaps the arrival of these three Trueborn wasn't such a bad thing.

Maybe they could be _used_. They could form a Threat.

As the humans always said, schemers should never let crises go to waste...