Part 127: A Brave New World
Part 127: A Brave New World

"So, uh, why ain't you wearing any pants?"

"It's a long story."

"Aw, c'mon! Don't be like that. Just tell me why you don't got no pants on!"

"I blew myself up. No more pants after that."

"You did WHAT?! How didja manage that?"

Satan sighs. He and Barbatos stomp through the barren remains of a forest, now colored black due to its lack of life energy. The Devil uses his Vectors to hover half an inch above the prickly undergrowth, saving his feet from getting poked and pierced, but he pretends to move his feet so that Barbatos is none the wiser. Given Satan's astounding ability to regenerate from death, it surprises me he has such sensitive feet. I can't help but wonder why he's going to such great lengths to hide the existence of his Vectors, given how many demons surely know about his powers.

"It's a long story, runt. More importantly, I have a few questions for _you._"

Barbatos's eyes light up like the fourth of July. "Ooh, ooh, you do? You do?! I know everything, Satan! I'm the smartest demon alive today! Fire away, big boss!"

Satan groans. _Don't call me that..._

"This forest. The grass. The beach. Everything's all black and dead. What happened while I was gone? Why is Earth such a shithole now?"

Barbatos's excitement vanishes. "Ohh, that. Yeah. Angels call it the Blight. We demons've been out killing everything we can to take their souls. It makes us stronger. I'm almost a Lord, ya know!"

Satan raises an eyebrow. "A Lord? I don't follow."

"Man, you've been outta the loop. Yeah, there's a whole ranking system now. The top demon leaders call themselves Emperors; then there are Dukes, Barons, Lords, and Grunts."

"Yeah? So you're not even a Lord yet, pipsqueak?"

Steam pours from Barbatos's ears. "Tch! Give it time, nyeh! I've killed so many humans; you wouldn't even believe it! The little shits spit out so many spawnlings that we can't keep up! It won't take long before I gain enough souls to become a Lord! Just you wait and see!"

Satan nods along. "Humans, you said? What do they look like?"

"Like us, but with dark skin, no horns, and they talk like idiots. Total morons!"

Satan's thoughts turn inward. _Those primitives I met before fighting Poseidon... they must be the humans Barbatos is referring to. Hmm._

Out loud, Satan says, "I've met them already. They seemed incredibly weak."

"Oh yeah, totally," Barbatos replies, nodding along like he owns the conversation. "They're total pushovers. Even Agares can take them out, and that guy's in bad shape. The stupid fleshbags practically kill themselves if you look at 'em the wrong-"

Satan interrupts Barbatos. "Hold on; you said 'Agares?' He's alive?"

Barbatos frowns. "Hm? Yeah. Why? Did you think he died?"

"No... but I wasn't sure. Raphael told me he killed all of the demons. Is Nerissa alive? Did she make it out of Heaven?!" Satan's eyes turn frantic. He turns to face Barbatos and grabs the little guy by his shoulders. "Is she safe?!"

The demon looks at me in surprise. "Well, yeah. She, Belial, 'n Lucifer saved Bael and Diablo. Everyone thought _you_ died. Oh man, the looks on their faces are going to be so hilarious when you come strolling in!"

Barbatos pulls away from me and continues walking. He starts spouting off about how everyone will praise him for finding Satan and helping us kill the mighty Poseidon, but Satan's eyes lose focus, and he stops listening. Several sensations of joy and relief wash over him as Satan takes a few moments to thank whatever dark gods might exist for Nerissa's safety.

His feelings for Nerissa surprise me. Satan never seemed especially close to her, but then again, perhaps lying limbless in purgatory gave him a moment of respite to think about his priorities and who mattered most to him.

Satan rubs his face. _Nerissa... Diablo... Agares... everyone's alive! All of them! I... I can't believe it._

"Yo, Satan!" Barbatos pipes up, drawing Satan's attention from his thoughts. "What're you doin' just standing around! C'moooon already!"

Barbatos's shrill voice makes Satan clench his teeth. _Well, there's at least one little demon bastard I wish had died._

With a shake of his head, Satan floats over and walks beside Barbatos once again.

"Sorry. I got lost in thought. Let's go back to that Blight thing you mentioned before. What is it?"

Barbatos shrugs. "I dunno. We killed the animals and took their souls. Soon, the forests started dying."

Satan's gaze turns skeptical. "You killed the animals? Which ones?"

"All of 'em! Birds, wolves, deer, cave bears, anything in our path! That's why demons are so strong, now!"

"You're kidding. Is the entire Earth dead? All of it?!"

Barbatos shakes his head. "Nah, but it might be, soon. I dunno. There are still lots of animals in the areas the angels and Titans protect."

Satan breathes a sigh of relief. _Bloody devils. I left for a couple of millennia, and the demons turned into crazed planet-devouring gluttons. Don't these idiots realize that if Earth dies, we will, too? Who wants to live on a hunk of black dirt?!_

Several minutes pass as Satan silently grumbles to himself about the stupidity of demonkind. He and Barbatos push further into the dead forest, and eventually, Barbatos stops before a humongous boulder, easily ten times the size of both of us.

"Oy! We're here, big boss! Looky, look!"

Satan crosses his arms. "Huh? What's so important about this bigass rock?"

Barbatos smirks. "It's hiding the entrance to our lair. Watch! Nyehehe!"

With a cringy cackle, the little demon throws his weight against the rock and pushes. Despite his tiny size, he surprises me by easily shoving the one-ton stone a few feet forward, exposing a hole underneath it. The shaft extends five-feet down and ends in a sloped pathway which heads deeper underground.

Barbatos gestures to me. "C'mon, big boss! I'll take you to the others."

Satan nods. "Not bad. Angels would never think to look here. Alright, let's head inside."

We hop into the opening and pull the rock back into its original position. Darkness engulfs us, but demons possess incredible night vision, allowing them to see without any trouble. Satan creates a ball of flame in his palm to light the way, making Barbatos look at us in astonishment. "Oh, wow! You're a fire-manipulator?"

Satan shrugs. "In a way, sure."

Barbatos nods. "Fire-types are super cool! Other than the Sunshine Brothers, we've only got a bunch of Burner grunts working for us. We need some better fire-types to cook those chickens alive!"

Satan purses his lips. "I'm not opposed."

"Yeah, yeah! Wow, it's so awesome to have you back, Satan! I bet you're gonna shake things up! We need a guy like you to straighten shit out."

Satan rolls his eyes as we descend further into the underground tunnel systems. "You talk a lot, squirt."

"What can I say, big boss? I've got tons of wisdom to share!"

"Wisdom. Mmm. Yes, that's it, for sure."

"I knew you'd understand! Nyehehe!"

...

Several minutes pass. Soon, we arrive in what I assume are the main levels of the demon's underground lair. Dozens of grunts, scythers, and other variant demons pass us. What surprises me most is that the majority of the demons I see are female. Very few males roam the halls. Given Satan's nudity and his surprisingly well-endowed status, most of the women do a double-take before continuing on their merry way, a slight pep in their step.

"What's with all the broads?" Satan asks. "Not that I'm complaining, but there are an awful lot of tits shakin' down here. What, are all the guys fighting the angels up top or somethin'?"

For once, Barbatos's expression shifts to something more akin to worry. "Well, err... not quite. There've ah, been some changes while you were gone."

"Uh-huh. Like what?"

Barbatos reaches back and scratches his hair. "Uh. Things and stuff. Lucifer will tell ya."

"Lucifer? Why her?"

Hardly has Satan asked the question before a demoness with three eyes rounds the corner. Lucifer, as out of the ordinary as ever, aims her forehead's eye at Barbatos. "I knew I detected filth entering my lair. What are _you_ doing here? I told you never to come back."

Satan's eyes widen. _Holy shit! Did Lucifer's tits double in size since I last saw her?!_

Barbatos flinches, unaware of the thoughts running through Satan's mind. "Aw, c'mon! I brought a f-friend, lady! Ain'tcha glad to see your old buddy old pal alive?"

He gestures to me. Lucifer's third eye swivels to my face before the other two. Her breath catches. "Bloody hell, Belial! That isn't funny. Stop messing with this pathetic grunt and get back to work."

Satan frowns. "Belial? What are you on about, Lucy? Don't you recognize me?"

Lucifer's expression darkens. "You're not funny, succubus. Get Barbatos out of my lair and send him back to Valac where he belongs."

Satan's annoyance rises. "I ain't Belial, you daft cunt! I'm- hold on, Valac? He's alive, too?!"

Several seconds pass. Lucifer doesn't reply.

When she does, her voice cracks. "For the last... the last time, Belial. Knock it off. Even for you, such dark humor isn't-"

"Fucking devils, woman!" Satan bellows at her, startling the other demonesses nearby. "It's me, Satan! Do I need to beat some bloody sense into you?!"

One of our Vectors lashes out at Lucifer. Before it can make contact, her third eye swivels to face it. She vanishes, and it smashes into the wall behind where she was standing.

Lucifer reappears behind me. "Impossible! You can't be Satan! He died two thousand years ago! What sort of trickery is this?!"

Satan spins to face her. _When did Lucy become so fast? I barely managed to follow her with my eyes._

Out loud, he says, "I didn't die, you fat sow. Raphael cut off my limbs and trapped me in another dimension. I only escaped a few hours ago."

Lucifer's third eye scans us from top to bottom, over and over. "Everything is the same. Every inch of you.  Unbelievable. If you're a fake, you're the best I've ever seen. An angel spy? A Titan? No. They wouldn't take such a risk, even if it meant the possibility of eliminating me. But... if you're the real deal... the real Satan..."

Barbatos nods excitedly. "Lucifer! It's Satan! I swear! Me'n him took out Poseidon all by ourselves! You should've seen it! I was all like, _wham_, and then Satan crushed his head like _whatchaaaw!_ It was sick!"

"Quiet, you," Lucifer hisses at Barbatos. "I don't want to hear a word from one of Valac's lackeys. Your lies burn like poison."

Confusion spills out of Satan's mind and across his face. The Devil scratches his head and gazes at Lucifer with a perplexed expression. "Huh? You and Valac ain't talking to each other? Devils. A fella leaves for a few months, and everything turns upside-down."

Lucifer's lip twitches. "Everyone knows you died. Your story is the least believable tall tale I've heard in centuries. Can you prove your identity?"

Satan jerks his thumb back toward his Vectors. "You can see these, can't you?"

"I can," Lucifer replies. "What are they?"

"Haven't you seen 'em before? I used 'em to fight that Titan pup and his lady while you fought Uriel. Maybe you weren't paying attention."

Lucifer furrows her brow. She concentrates and forces herself to dig up ancient memories from thousands of years before. "Mmm. Possibly. My third eye's perception has grown ten times more acute over the last several centuries, the result of my ascension to the rank of Emperor. I don't recall Satan having eight aetherial limbs, but my memory might be failing me."

"Devils. Stop talkin' about me in the third-person, dingus," Satan says. "I _am_ Satan, whether your empty head wants to believe it or not. I ain't much for hittin' a broad, but if I need to knock a little sense into ya..."

Lucifer's expression darkens. "One thing is for sure. You talk like Satan. You have the same, crass attitude. Continue badmouthing me at your peril. I am the mightiest demoness on Earth. If you insult me again, I'll rip your head off and shove it where the sun doesn't shine."

Satan and Lucifer stare each other down. The Devil crosses his arms and stands relaxed, confident. The triple-eyed demoness holds both hands at her side loosely, but her body language reveals tense shoulders and a clenched gut.

She's afraid. Satan isn't.

Satan smirks. "You haven't changed a bit, Lucy. And, now that I think about it, I've just remembered the best way to confirm my identity."

"Oh?" Lucifer replies, her voice a whisper. "And what might _that_ be?"

The corners of Satan's mouth tighten. He points at his feet. "Kneel."

"I beg your par-? Guh?!"

The demoness suddenly lurches forward. Compelled by the binding power of Satan's Soul Contract, she falls to her knees and prostrates herself before him.

"W-what?! No! I refuse! Stop! Why can't I control my body?!"

Satan chuckles. "Because, sweetie. You signed your soul away to the Devil. Don't worry. I ain't gonna abuse you or anything like that. You can stand, now."

As if an anvil had fallen off her back, the demoness lurches up and jumps to her feet. The shakiness in her legs turns into frantic trembling.

"S-Satan? It's really... it's really you?!"

"Damn straight it is."

Barbatos claps his hands eagerly. "Nyehehe! Incredible, big boss! You made Lucifer obey you! That's amazing! You're the best!!"

Satan flicks his gaze to the little runt. "Shut up. That's an order."

Satan's words activate the soul contract binding Barbatos as well, causing the young Grunt's body to seize up. Barbatos opens his mouth to protest, but it slams shut, biting his tongue in the process. The grunt gurgles in surprise and grabs his face, barely managing to pull his tongue back in his mouth. He tries to force his jaw open, but nothing he does works.

Lucifer, still shaken, forces a smile. "A-at least your contract has... some practical use."

She glares at Barbatos. "Leave, or I'll tell your brother you decided to visit. I'm sure he'd be _delighted_ to see you."

Barbatos goes pale. He glances at me with a guilty expression, then turns around and shuffles back the way we came.

Lucifer stares at me with her two lower eyes, but her third follows Barbatos for a while before it flicks back to me. "I can't say I'm happy to see you, Satan. I've had things running smoothly for the last several centuries. If you're planning to take over, you'd damn well better not ruin my operation."

Satan rests his hands on his hips. "Are you responsible for that Blight on the surface?"

"No. That is Valac's doing. His voracious appetite for souls... his transformation of the male demons into crazed, bloodthirsty killers... I opposed him and eventually splintered off into a separate demon faction with most of the women and some of the men. Even so, Valac's might substantially overshadows ours. I've had to try some... _unconventional_ tactics to put us on equal footing with him."

"How so?"

The demoness glances at my exposed waist, then back to my face. "Before that, let's get you some pants. Come with me. We can chat in my throne room."

Lucifer turns and struts away. Satan follows after her. "Throne room? Damn. Someone's been getting big in the britches."

"Hardly," Lucifer mutters as she sucks air through her teeth. "You haven't a clue how dire our situation is. Soon, you'll understand."

---

It takes us a half-hour of walking through various tunnels and passages before we arrive at Lucifer's throne room. Along the way, we pass goblins, orcs, and a wide variety of other monsters. Having never seen them before, Satan fires off various questions, and Lucifer tells him about the expansion of her territory and the existence of Valac's worms.

"Valac gives his minions the ability to take the souls of any being they kill. That, in turn, empowers them far beyond the limits of their starting abilities. Several of Valac's top generals hold impressive strength, enabling them to fight on par with the angels."

We round a corner and head toward one particularly bright room, where dozens of torches illuminate its interior.

A drop of sweat runs down Satan's back. "So, Valac's demons can take the souls of those they kill. Can they use their victim's abilities?"

Lucifer frowns. "No. Why?"

Satan shrugs. "Just asking."

Samael appears in my thoughts. "Fascinating. Valac seems to have spread abilities similar to thine among all thy fellow demons. However, thy abilities still eclipse theirs."

Satan ignores the Archangel. "Lucy, you mentioned creating goblins and orcs. Why bother? What use do you have for such weak creatures?"

We enter Lucifer's throne room. The walls, barren and hastily dug out perhaps a year before, offer little for our eyes to examine. It seems built for utility, not for looks. Even the so-called 'throne' is little more than a block of dirt for someone to sit on.

Before Lucifer can answer our question, Satan's eyes swivel to face a dozen terrifying wolf-like creatures laying together in a semi-circle. Each one, black as the night, possesses fifty reptilian eyes, a mouth filled with steak knives for teeth, and claws big enough to rip bears in half. Their hairy bodies stand out from the brown walls like shadows splotched against the floor.

I recognize them immediately, but only thanks to Phoebe's descriptions from the bestiaries she read to me many years ago.

"What the fuck are those?!" Satan yelps. "Lucy, are you SEEING these things?!"

She nods. "Don't mind my little puppies. They won't hurt a fly... unless I _ask_ them to."

Satan's face pales. "They're horrifying. Why would you create such disgusting-"

"Don't talk about my Hellhounds in such a manner," Lucifer says, giving me the stink-eye. She walks over to one and pets its head. The hound growls softly at her, but its tone is that of a child greeting its mother. Lucifer takes several seconds to stroke two long, black horns growing out of its skull before walking over and giving the same affection to each of the other Hellhounds. "As to your first question, I created the goblins to dig burrows for our people, while I created the orcs to fight humans."

Satan keeps his distance from the pack of Hellhounds. They, in turn, lay lazily on their sides and flop around, but never take their eyes off us. "Yeah? Why make orcs to fight humans? Can't you kill 'em yourself?"

"Of course," Lucifer replies. She struts across the room, grabs a leathery hide hanging on the wall, and tosses it to me. "Cover yourself with this. The humans are a minor nuisance. Unlike Valac's troops, mine cannot grow stronger by killing humans. However, we mustn't allow humans to grow in number. They offer their spiritual energy to the angels, empowering them further and making our struggle that much harder."

"Pft," Satan scoffs and wraps the hide around his waist, covering his exposed demonhood. "What energy? The ones I met were weak enough that I killed 'em by accident."

"Aye. The humans lack any magical ability, but en-masse, their minuscule energy reserves can add up to tremendous amounts of mana for the angels. Already, tens of millions of the fleshbags roam Earth's surface. They reproduce at alarming rates, and their intelligence appears to be rising over time. Before, they would merely scream and run when we attacked them. Now, several humans can work together to take out a demon grunt. They might not be a problem in the present, but in time..."

The demoness trails off. Satan watches as her three eyes gloss over. Her focus shifts internally to some unknown memories, leaving us to stand and twiddle our thumbs.

"Uh huh? So, what, are the humans a threat to us?"

"I don't know," Lucifer mutters. "Perhaps not now. But, combined with the power of the Titans and the slowly-ramping power of the angels, we might face extinction, despite all our struggles."

Satan's expression darkens. "I see. So there's a time limit hanging over our people's heads. If we allow humans to continue whelping spawnlings, the angels will grow unstoppable over time. What is Valac doing about them?"

Lucifer crosses her arms, smushing them between both sets of her breasts. "He's thinning the herd. I don't know how many humans his forces have killed, but they number in the millions. The problem is that he isn't making a dent. He's allowing them to breed."

"Huh? How so?" Satan asks.

"Simple. Valac has his demons target the men, not the women. The women continue producing offspring while Valac's grunts reap the souls of the males. This empowers him, but it doesn't slow their birthrates in the slightest. We're dealing with creatures that whelp four and five spawnlings at the same time per female. Their increases are exponential. They're keeping up with my Broodmothers."

Satan nods. He glances at the Hellhounds for a moment, but his fear lessens noticeably after they close their eyes and fall asleep. "Damn. A lot changed while I was gone. Who are Valac's generals?"

"He has several. Most noteworthy among them is someone I'm certain you'll be familiar with. Nerissa. Your former lover."

Satan's jaw drops. "What?! She's working with Valac?! No way! She knows I hate him!"

"Aye. However, I'm not certain she has a choice. I believe Valac implanted one of his worms inside of her. He did so for me as well... but I burned it out."

"You can do that?"

Lucifer nods. "I scorch them from the bodies of any demons who join. Valac has a tight hold on his servants, but some break the conditioning and convert to my way of thinking. So far, Nerissa has not demonstrated any interest in joining us."

Satan furrows his brow. "Our situation seems worse than I imagined. We need to hit the humans hard and take 'em out before the angels become unstoppable."

Lucifer shakes her head. "It isn't that simple, Satan. The situation is infinitely more complex than you can imagine. Titans protect humanity while the angels seek out our burrows. The reason I have goblins hollowing out my lair is because I can't spare the demonpower otherwise. In the last hundred years, Uriel has found us three times and hit our dens with earthquakes. More importantly, her powers continue to increase. The last one nearly leveled a mountain. I believe she is using her seismic powers to detect our tunnels. Our current lair is the deepest one yet, but if our bad luck continues, she will find us again."

"Devils," Satan groans. "You're giving me nothing but bad news, Lucy. How's a guy supposed to plan the destruction of his enemies when things look this bad?"

Lucifer purses her lips. She flashes a grin at me, one comprised of hundreds of serrated shark-teeth. "Oh, Satan. After everything I've told you, I _do_ have some good news. You haven't heard from Diablo and Bael yet, have you?"

My eyes widen. "Aw, shit! Deebs! I forgot about him! Where is that little bastard?"

Turning away, Lucifer's eye swivels to stare at the side of the room. Slowly, it scans the surface, and I realize she's looking not at the wall, but _through_ it. She examines the entirety of her underground lair before settling on one specific point. Lucifer narrows her third eye for a moment, then returns her gaze to me.

"Give him a few minutes. Try not to gawk. Diablo and Bael aren't the same demons they once were."

"You called them over?"

"I did. My eye sees all and tells all."

With a satisfied smirk, Lucifer wanders over to her 'throne' and plops down. She leans against the wall and pets a hellhound laying beside her.

...

Ten minutes pass. Satan leans against the entryway, allowing his thoughts to bounce around in his head.

_Valac leads an army of demons. Somehow, that little bag of bones has become so powerful that even Lucy is afraid of him. The last time I fought Valac, I wiped the floor with him. However, while I got stuck in the Cosmic Realm, he worked himself to the bone gaining power over our people._

_Unacceptable. I'm the top dog, the alpha wolf. No way am I gonna let some creepy skeleton take over. He's even got Nerissa working for him. Gah! I can't believe Lucy got her ass whipped by that one-trick pony. Like I always say, I can't let some broad take charge, or half the world will end up dead and black._

Satan shakes his head. _Devil's sake. I've got a giant mess to clean up._

Heavy footsteps in the hall catch Satan's attention. He raises his gaze and drops his jaw as two massive, muscled demons saunter toward us. "What the-?! Bael? Deebs?! What happened to you two?!"

Diablo, now a foot taller than when I last saw him, sports flowing black robes, a red and yellow cape, and two small piercings through the sides of his nostrils. His hairy arms and sharp fingernails give him an animalistic look, like a cross between a gorilla and a wolverine. He widens his eyes as he spots me. "Seven Devils! Satan? Is that you?!"

Bael, the same height as when I last saw him, has put on even more muscle than last time. His meaty fists and thick biceps, combined with wearing only underwear and nothing else, give him the appearance of a professional wrestler. Several skulls rest on his waist, along with bones of small animals carved into shoulder-pads. I get the impression they're meant more to give him an intimidating aura than for his protection.

"Well, shit. Ain't that a treat? Satan the Devil, back from the dead! Haw!" Bael walks over and slaps Satan on the back, nearly knocking the wind out of him. "When Lucy told us to pop over, I thought it was gonna be another boring job, but lookit this! It's our lucky day!"

Satan grins from ear to ear. "How've you losers been? I went to all that trouble to save your sorry asses, only to get trapped by Raphael in some alternate dimension. You'd better've made the most of my sacrifice, chums."

Diablo's expression sobers up. "Yes. We did what we could. It's been rough without you, but my girl has worked hard to build a better future for our people."

Pushing past me, Diablo walks over to Lucifer's side and rests a hand on her shoulder. "You found Satan, eh? That eye came in handy once again. Where was he?"

To my surprise, Lucifer doesn't push Diablo's hand away. Instead, she flicks her eyes up to meet his. "I didn't find him. Barbatos did. Led him to us, as well."

Diablo's expression sours. "What? You mean... Valac ordered him to take Satan here?"

"Most likely," Lucifer says. She rests her hand on Diablo's in a sickeningly romantic gesture that sends pins and needles down my arms. I don't know when, but at some point, it seems she stopped rebuffing Diablo and fell for his advances. "I have to wonder what Valac was hoping to accomplish."

Diablo leans down and kisses Lucifer's hair, then turns to me. "So, Satan, what happened? Where've you been all this time?"

Satan clears his throat. "Ahm, well, it's a long story."

He spends the next fifteen minutes explaining what happened during the attack on Heaven. Raphael's portal magic, the Cosmic Realm, and severing his limbs. Interestingly, Satan doesn't mention regenerating from death. He instead states that he healed himself by regrowing his limbs once he discovered healing magic inside himself.

Lucifer raises an eyebrow. "So you only spent one month inside the Cosmic Realm, yet well over two thousand years passed for us, here?"

"Bit longer than a month," Satan says. "If Raphael hadn't told me he killed all the demons, I might have escaped sooner. You've gotta understand, Raphael dumped ashes in front of me and said they were all that was left of Valac. What was I supposed to think?"

Lucifer stands up and walks over to me. "You should have known he was lying. How could you fall for such obvious deceit? The old man is nothing if not a slippery snake."

Satan crosses his arms. "Maybe. He sounded sincere at the time. I think he believed the demons were all dead."

Bael punches his palm. "Bahaha! He probably did! Don't you guys 'member? Valac faked his death! I bet Raphael took the bait. So much for being the 'wisest' angel!"

"That's a possibility too," Diablo says. He stands beside Lucifer and wraps one arm around her shoulder. "All that matters is you're back, Satan. We missed you. With you here, we might be able to break Valac's stranglehold of power. It's high time we saved Earth from his Blight."

Lucifer taps her lip. "Satan. There's something you should know. Valac has a... special ability. An aura. It encompasses the entire Earth. Most likely, he detected your arrival and sent Barbatos to find you. I'm curious as to why he would have Barbatos bring you here, though."

Bael reaches over and squeezes my shoulder. "Ain't it obvious? That boney-bitch is scared! Satan's the only demon who's ever slapped him around like a wet rag! Valac is probably quakin' in his boots. He wanted to make sure Satan didn't come to his den!"

Satan narrows his eyes. "You know what, Bael? I think you're right. Valac is scared of me. He should be. He's ruining Earth. I never did like his attitude... maybe I should pay him a visit."

"Ooh," Bael says with a smile. "I've gotta see this. Why don't all of us go? I'd like to see what Agares is up to."

"Agares?" Satan asks. "Aw, c'mon. Don't tell me he's working for Valac, too."

Lucifer's eyes tilt to the right, avoiding my gaze. She shifts her feet guiltily. "That _might_ be my fault. It isn't that Agares sympathizes with Valac, but rather, that he cannot stand me."

Diablo sucks air through his teeth. "Sss... oh, boy. Not this again."

"What? Did something happen?" Satan asks.

"I'd rather not go into the details," Lucifer mutters. "I wanted to heal Diablo. I was, perhaps, slightly too over-zealous. I tried to copy Agares' regenerative reptilian abilities. My experiment succeeded, but..."

Diablo's hand falls away from Lucifer's shoulder. He shakes his head and averts his gaze. "Poor Agares... he wasn't the same after... after the..."

Even Bael's enthusiasm wanes. "Don't beat yourself up over it, boss. Look at all the good Lucy's done with Agares' powers. At least we didn't hurt him for no reason, right? All that shit's in the past."

Satan pauses to examine each of the three demons. His eyes flick from one to the next.

_Whatever happened, it must have pissed Agares off. I always thought we'd be good friends. Maybe I can talk to him... see what's up._

Satan shakes the worries from his head. "Hey, hey, cheer up, guys. Cripes. Nothin' worse than a bunch of mopey dopes. I'm going to have a little chat with Valac. If you wanna come, get your shit in gear."

Lucifer shakes her head. "I'll stay. I have my lair to run."

"Diablo pats her shoulder. "I'll stay, too. Bael, you go and be Satan's bodyguard. Show him your skills."

Bael's distant expression vanishes. He claps his hands together, sending a shockwave through the air that rattles our teeth. "Hoho, damn right! Aw, devils, Satan! You don't know how powerful I am, do ya? Have I got a show for you!"

Satan rolls his eyes. "Aye. Show me your moves, big guy. Lucy, Deebs, I'll be back soon. Hold down the fort while I'm gone."

Lucifer scowls. "I've been doing just fine without your orders."

"Atta girl, haha," Satan replies with a chuckle. "Let's go kick some ass, Bael."

"Hell yeah!"

The two of us turn and leave, heading toward the surface world. As we do, Satan frowns.

_Hell?_