Part 590: Sartran Switchup
Part 590: Sartran Switchup

Uriel gazes up at the singular levitating Kolvaxian, a foreboding premonition bubbling behind her eyes. As the ordinary Kolvaxians charge at her, she flaps her wings and leaps into the air, soaring well out of their reach.

At the same time, the _Psiovaxian_ flies directly at her while summoning an energy field formed from Primal Psionics around itself. The faceless monster emotionlessly plows into the Archangel's body, knocking her away, but not far enough to truly injure her. Uriel easily spins in the air and flaps her wings to halt her momentum, dashing to the side in midair while spinning her twin spears around at increasingly fast speeds!

_Bang! Crack!_

Her spears smash against the Psiovaxian's barrier, and it retaliates by firing concentrated 'bullets' of psionic power at her, striking Uriel's armor one time after another. Uriel grunts in pain and conjures walls of light to defend herself, but the bullets blast right through, only slowing down a bit and reducing the damage her body takes.

In the skies above, the High Psions watch her battle intently, crossing their arms while they wait for a change that will require their assistance.

[Primal Psionics and a Body Enhancer.] Executor Vi says. [Psionic output appears to be around the 5th Level. It must be a 6th Level Psionic Plaguehost.]

[Roughly equivalent to an average Demon Emperor.] Executor Sartran adds. [Uriel can handle the situation.]

Demila frowns. [It's not accurate to only evaluate this Plaguehost as wielding strength at the 5th Level. It also possesses a Cosmic-grade body. Its Body Enhancements will strengthen equivalently.]

[The battle has barely begun.] Sartran says evenly. [This world has no idea of the pain it is about to suffer. For some reason, the Plague does not tend to send Psions to the frontlines. When it does, it will not stop at merely one or two hosts. It will send a swarm beyond comprehension.]

Demila nods. She has rarely fought on the frontlines against the Plague, and even when she did, that was tens of millennia ago, when the Plague was much weaker. Since its evolution, she has never personally fought an Enhanced Plaguehost. She does not have a strong idea of just how dangerous they are, aside from what she witnessed on Reaver.

With Uriel no longer able to assist the Warframes and Hope, they once again fall into a bad situation. The Second Wordsmith grimaces as the Kolvaxians begin pushing forward once again, ignoring any losses as they make their way toward the armored mechs and their juicy human pilots.

Thankfully, Uriel pushed the swarm back enough that the Cherubs and Armads were able to mow down a good number of ordinary Kolvaxians. Unfortunately, even more Kolvaxians continued to appear during that period, so their numbers only dwindled by a small amount.

"There's still sixty-three Kolvaxian left!" The Armads pilot calls out, before blasting another one to smithereens. "Sixty-two now!"

A hint of despair rings out in his voice as he witnesses two Kolvaxians teleport onto the rear of the battlefield. Killing one won't matter if two more appear!

Several Kolvaxians dive underground. Hope quickly takes to the air, ready to attack when they pop back up. He hovers near the lone remaining Ballbuster protectively, waiting for an opportunity to strike.

Some distance away, a female demon abruptly appears out of thin air. She stumbles slightly, then looks around to evaluate her new position.

"I'm about 500 yards away." She says, speaking into her shining golden armor's comm system. She hefts her flaming sword and turns her attention to the swarm descending upon the Warframes. "Thanks for the assist, Fiona."

"Anytime, Sammy." Fiona says back. "But watch your back. Hope's been acting weird recently."

Fiona pauses.

"Beelzebub isn't coming. He's gone to assist Henry."

"Between me, Uriel, and Hope, we should be able to handle ourselves." Belial says, though her tone betrays a lack of trust. "At least, I think we can."

Belial jumps forward, moving swiftly despite the armor shielding her body. She joins Hope, fighting off the Kolvaxians emerging from underground while Uriel battles the Psion in the sky above.

Over the next ten minutes, a furious melee follows. Hope spots Belial immediately, but he's so preoccupied with protecting the Ballbuster and Armads, while also killing Kolvaxians as quickly as possible, that he doesn't have the attention to spare for Belial's appearance. Even he has to admit she came at a good time.

Uriel's figure leaves white afterimages as she and the Psiovaxian collide in the air. Uriel summons powerful beams and streams of fire, pelting her foe in the same way Beelzebub would, but with less effectiveness. Her flames are simply nowhere near the level of Beelzebub's, lacking the concentration and raw energetic power of his magic.

But, luckily, she doesn't only wield fire magic. She is a master of many elements, including water, ice, flames, wind, earth, light, dark, and even magnetism... though tapping into the power of magnetism continues to give her an ominous foreboding sensation in the back of her mind.

Uriel's twin spears stab at the Psiovaxian. It spins and pirouettes in midair, moving more gracefully and intelligently than the comparatively stupid horde below. While the mundane Kolvaxians slowly begin to dwindle under the combined attacks of Hope, Belial, and the Warframes, Uriel can only do her best to land a killing blow on her foe.

But no matter how hard she tries, she finds she just isn't powerful enough!

Just like with the Megavaxian, Uriel is frustrated by her lack of striking power. Hope wields Excalibur while Belial wields a blade identical in function to Henry's sword, but Uriel's Wordsmithium spears are not at the level of those two artifacts. In terms of durability, they're practically unbreakable, but the spears are not heavy enough to break the bones of the new Kolvaxians, nor are they sharp enough to effortlessly split them like logs.

"Dammit! DAMMIT!" Uriel roars. "Why cans't thou simply perish?!"

Out of frustration, Uriel finally reaches the edge of desperation. She looks inside her Mind Realm and grabs at Gabriel's soul.

"Assist me, brother!" Uriel cries.

Boom!

Uriel's eyes glow with ominous light as Gabriel materializes inside of her body, swapping places with his sister's soul. At the same time, Uriel lends her control over the elements, and she presses her two spears together, causing them to melt together as part of their innate mystical functionality.

Designed by Fiona and crafted via Jason's powers of Wordsmithing, Uriel's replicas of the Gae Bolg and Gungnir are not the transcendent-level artifacts Camael once made, but they are still unique and powerful in their own ways.

They fuse within seconds, transforming into a massive greatsword weighing over ten tons!

Gabriel's eyes pierce the fog of battle. His ancient gaze fixates on the creature before him. The Psiovaxian hesitates as it senses its opponent's aura has drastically changed.

Uriel, the Archangel of Vengeance, has swapped control with Gabriel, the Archangel of Power.

"Come." Gabriel says, his deep voice escaping Uriel's lips like a rumble of distant lightning. "Let me test thy strength, monster born of heresy."

Gabriel moves slowly but with purpose. He flaps his wings and flies at the creature while wielding a comically oversized eight-foot-long greatsword, swinging it down as if it were a hammer.

The Psiovaxian flickers to the side, and Gabriel's swing misses! His sword whiffs the empty air, but a surge of power chops outward, blasting the ground and carving a trench 3 kilometers long, seemingly splitting Maiura's continental plate in two.

"Hmph." Gabriel grunts. "I am out of practice. Serve as my training dummy, wretched filth."

He attacks again, but this time, he adjusts to Uriel's bodily dimensions a bit better. When the Psiovaxian dodges, he attacks again. And again!

Each time, Gabriel builds up momentum and acclimates to the nuances of his sister's borrowed body. He is not used to controlling a body as small and light as hers, nor one lacking in physical strength, but his personal power begins to exert more and more control, changing her muscles to adapt to his sensibilities.

As the seconds pass and turn into minutes, Uriel's body grows stronger and fitter. Her muscles expand in size. Her height increases, taking her from just under six feet tall to over eight feet in height. She begins to resemble an ancient Amazon Warrior, and her body's compatibility with Gabriel's chosen greatsword improves constantly.

_BOOM!!_

Gabriel finally lands a hit, slashing at the Psiovaxian and hammering it down into the ground. The faceless creature does not let out a scream as it plunges a thousand feet deep into the soil, blasting a massive wave of dirt and rocks outward, startling Hope and the others as they momentarily have to shield themselves from the wall of debris. Hope casts a Word of Power, preventing thousands of tons of dirt and rock from burying himself and the Warframes alive, while also benefiting Belial too.

Unfortunately, the Psiovaxian quickly emerges from the ground seconds later, only slightly injured. Not only is its body durable, but a shield of raw telekinetic energy continues to envelop it, making it even more durable than before.

The Psiovaxian does not charge at Gabriel or attack him again. Instead, it jumps out of the ground and hovers backward, looking warily at Gabriel with its unseen eyes.

"Hmm?"

Gabriel grunts. He has long disabused himself of any notion that this creature is 'stupid'. It clearly seems to have an intelligence of its own, albeit alien, its goals unknown.

"What sort of creature art thou, I wonder?" Gabriel asks calmly. The flames on his greatsword intensify, illuminating his glowing eyes with a crimson color. "Dost thou understandeth my words? Or dost thou intendeth to continue playing a fool?"

The Psiovaxian says nothing. It stares at him for a few moments.

Then, it slightly moves its right hand.

Abruptly, another Psiovaxian appears beside it.

"Hmm?!" Gabriel grunts, frowning deeply.

And then, another!

And another!

Within five seconds, the lone Psiovaxian is joined by four others, all of them looking completely indistinguishable from one another, let alone the ordinary Kolvaxians on the ground.

The five faceless creatures levitate motionlessly before Gabriel for but a single second.

Then, four of them fly away!

East and west, one Kolvaxian goes in each direction, while two rocket southward toward the fortress atop Mount Adams and the battlefield beyond.

[Oh no!] Uriel exclaims. [Brother! Just one of these creatures is too much for thee to handle. Now they art splitting up; thou shalt be unable to give chase!]

Gabriel's heart quickly becomes calm.

"If this world shoulds't fall, then so be it. The opponent before me is the only one I shalt pursue. Humanity has other Champions at its disposal."

Gabriel smiles.

"And not only humanity..."

In the skies above, the Executors immediately notice the change in the situation.

[It is time. Spread out.] Executor Riley says. [Sartran, you go south. Vi, east. Huron, north. I shall protect the western side.]

[And me?] Demila asks.

[You shall stay here with Divinator Fellrun. Protect the central human fortress.] Riley orders. [The humans are incapable of surviving without our assistance.]

[They are only mud-dwellers in the end.] Fellrun adds. [Worry not. I shall aid the humans with all my strength.]

A glint appears in Demila's eyes. [As will I.]

In a single second, the Volgrim's conversation plays out, and four of the five Executors race away, traveling multiple miles in the blink of an eye. Their departing figures leave little more than a flicker of light as they each arrive at their designated rendezvous points.

Therefore, in the few seconds it takes the Psiovaxians to charge toward the other battlefields, the Psion Executors react in that same span of time, jumping in front of their Kolvaxian enemies and startling Gabriel.

Gabriel barely gets an instant to react before Executor Huron seemingly materializes between the Archangel and his Psiovaxian enemy.

"What? You-" Gabriel starts to say.

_CRACK!_

Huron slams his body into the Psiovaxian, blasting it backward and turning it into a beam of light that immediately ignites explosively as it rips across Maiura's surface. The friction from the thick lower atmosphere causes it to explode with the same force of a meteor striking the upper atmosphere, and that Psiovaxian smashes into a distant forest less than a second later, blasting apart the trees and turning them to ash.

The Psiovaxian instantly dies, eradicated by Huron's overwhelming power!

As a Low Cosmic possessing a body even the Middle Cosmic Dosena cannot compare with, Huron's physical strength is thousands of times greater than even Gabriel! If he wanted to kill the Archangel, it would take little more than a slap to turn the Archangel of Power into a pile of meat paste.

Gabriel's heart jumps in alarm. Even despite being a relatively calm individual, he is still shocked by the power Huron just displayed.

If this were the Primordial Era, Huron wouldn't be much of a threat. Back then, even the lowest angel was an Apex Cosmic. But that was hundreds of millions, even billions of years in the past.

Nowadays, Huron is one of the most powerful individuals in the entire Milky Way. Compared to the decrepit and weakened Archangels, he is a mountain while they are barely a boulder.

Huron sneers contemptuously at the person he just saved.

[Uriel? Or is it Gabriel, now? Never the matter. I will handle the elite enemies. You can mop up the fodder.]

Another Psiovaxian materializes. Before Gabriel can react, Huron's body blurs, and the monster is blasted apart at the atomic level, its remains launched across the horizon to burn up on impact.

Gabriel's shock turns to a silent despair. Despite his stoic nature, being faced with the truth of his weakness rattles him to his core.

Long ago, he was a powerful Archangel, revered by his peers, able to stand up to any creature on Earth and make them know the terror of his wrath.

Before that, in the ancient times before he lost his memories, he was even mightier, the most powerful of all the Archangels, the one that none could ever defeat.

But now?

He is merely a shell of his former self. An errant soul clinging to the material realm, lacking in strength, a pawn in place of what was once a juggernaut.

Huron's sneer deepens. He cannot help but feel a deep sense of satisfaction when he senses the humiliation of his lesser.

What Archangels? What ancient primordial monsters?

All that remains of their ancient civilization are pitiful insects, not even at the apex of mortal strength.

Of course, if the Archangels were to truly unite their power, Huron's snide attitude would vanish instantly. Even he is not certain of the full depths of the Cherubiim's power.

But, in any case, it doesn't matter. He has confirmed the Cherubiim cannot reappear for a long time. The Archangels used their power once, and will need a long period of time before they can merge once more to unleash its strength. In the meantime, they are but playthings for the Volgrim Empire.

And who knows? Maybe the Cherubiim itself is not as big a threat as they imagined. Perhaps Dosena could handle it on her own, or even one of the Executors.

_Hehehe. Wouldn't that be an interesting fight?_ Huron thinks.

...

At the Southern Front.

Henry's sword, Artoria, swings time after time. He kills one Kolvaxian and then another, tirelessly slaughtering them as quickly as possible.

_BANG!_

A Kolvaxian smashes Henry in the face, sending him flying away. He grinds across the dirt and quickly flips himself back onto his feet, swaying for a moment as he shakes off his disorientation. Blood flows from his nose, and a nasty pair of gashes cut across his cheek, causing even more blood to drip off his jawline.

With two black eyes, multiple sprained bones, and his upper and lower lips both split from powerful Kolvaxian punches, Henry's image cuts a sorry figure. His allies sometimes glance at him and grimace in sympathy.

But Henry ignores the pain. He continues to fight!

At the same time, Ashley picks up his slack, sometimes attacking ferociously, other times holding back. If Henry gets hit, she quickly shields him. If he attacks but fails to kill his foe, she finishes them off.

More than a hundred powerful Legionnaires join Henry. Together, their unified vision and thoughts amplify each other's powers, allowing them to move and react to attacks they shouldn't see coming. The instant a Kolvaxian pounces out of the ground and one Legionnaire sees the attack coming, all of them do. The troopers in that area react instantly, jumping or dodging to the side to evade the attack while their comrades spin around and cut the monster down.

But even so, the Kolvaxians continue to spawn faster and faster. As the first hour of the battle finishes and the second begins, Henry and the other soldiers truly start to feel exhausted. No matter how many Kolvaxians they kill, more just keep coming! And since every Kolvaxian takes all their strength to fully kill, they cannot rest, take it easy, or hold a bit of strength in reserve. Oftentimes, they feel as if they're trying to cut down trees by slapping them until they break!

"Come on!" Henry yells in between gasps of breath. "Do you people wanna live forever? Just keep killing them!"

Across the sky, a naked demon cloaked in fire rockets toward Henry's battalion. Beelzebub looks down at the wall of Kolvaxians, his expression gloomy.

"No matter how many we kill, more keep coming. Shouldn't Maiura evacuate? Just give up. There's no point in wasting any more energy."

But still, he continues flying toward Henry's position. At the same time, Beelzebub summons a pair of tightly condensed fire-orbs, spiraling them as fast as possible to increase their rotational speed and their internal temperature.

He pauses in the air, levitating via flames beneath his feet. He continues to spin up the orbs, making them emit a harsh screeching sound as scorching winds rotate around the Infernal Emperor, cloaking him in a haze of heat.

When Beelzebub feels that the orbs have reached a satisfactory level, he charges downward, slamming into the center of the Kolvaxians and sending a wave of fire outward to blast them apart. Then, he starts swinging his palms around, slapping at the nearest Kolvaxians without letting go of his orbs.

The effect is immediate and drastic!

Beelzebub's Flame Palms tear through the Kolvaxian bodies with relative ease. Each time his palm slaps at a Kolvaxian's head, a heat like that of a star's center shreds them apart, melting their skulls into bonemeal. With his right hand, he destroys their heads, and with his left, he targets their torsos, destroying one after the other to prevent any chances of survival.

Beelzebub's arrival alleviates some of the pressure on Henry. Unlike Neil, Henry doesn't have an extreme level of hatred for the demons. He feels some level of disgust for them purely due to Jepthath's influence, but ultimately his thoughts about Beelzebub are relatively benign. After all, Henry 'betrayed' humanity by accident. If he could be redeemed, then why not Beelzebub?

"Thanks for the assist!" Henry calls out to Beelzebub. "I don't know how much longer we'd have lasted without you! Ugh!"

Henry cuts down another Kolvaxian, while Beelzebub does the same.

"No need for thanks. Just doing my duty." Beelzebub grunts, brushing off the compliment. He also kills a Kolvaxian while speaking, keeping his words short and succinct. "I can't kill a horde alone, but I can help."

Beelzebub fights alongside Henry's platoon for a while, but then his attention shifts as he senses a powerful entity rocketing toward the Southern Front at an alarming speed. Beelzebub quickly notices a faint field of chaos energy around it, marking it as a Kolvaxian like the rest, but its speed is too high to be any ordinary creature.

Before Beelzebub can call out the incoming threat, another even more powerful figure abruptly appears in its path.

A thunderstorm explodes to the north, between the troopers and Mount Adams!

Beelzebub jumps into the air for a few seconds, pausing to stare with wide open eyes as a thousand bolts of lightning suddenly detonate like bombs, blasting the incoming Psiovaxian to smithereens. Seconds later, an 8th Level Psion, Sartran, remains. He levitates aloofly above the ground, appearing quite smug and pleased with himself as he looks at the shattered corpse he successfully intercepted.

[Beelzebub.] Sartran says, projecting his thoughts across the battlefield with ease. [I've been looking forward to meeting you. Mind if I lend you a hand?]

Beelzebub's arms hang limp at his waist, still clutching his spiraling orbs of flame.

"...That would be great." Beelzebub says after a few seconds.

[Wonderful. I won't need long.] Sartran says, his eyes curving up in the Volgrim approximation of a smile.