Part 505: Jason's Decision
Part 505: Jason's Decision

_Three time-accelerated hours later._

Jason Hiro departs his laboratory, satisfied with the start of this new strain of research on empowering the Felorians. After building them a small dwelling on the northern side of Chrona's main city, he finds himself with a surprisingly rare moment of free time.

Alone time.

As he steps out of his underground laboratory into the open air, the First Wordsmith feels a slight sense of disorientation. He glances around, realizing there isn't anyone at all in the immediate vicinity.

No birds chirp in the sky.

No wind blows in this false reality.

Instead, a pure, almost oppressive silence hangs in the air.

The Wordsmith stands in place, looking up at the slowly-swirling Void Barrier surrounding the Chrona domain. He enjoys the fact that there aren't any voices talking in his head, not even his mind-wife, Fiona. She's performing important work in her specialized lab.

The Phoenix is off playing with Kar and Blinkers' children.

The Archangels haven't been around for several years.

Even Shana and Lorent are on Tarus II...

The Wordsmith is well and truly alone. This thought makes him feel a strange relief.

Quietly, he walks toward the southern edge of Chrona's main city. He travels past the last building, and then continues to walk.

For fifteen minutes, he plods along until he reaches the edge of Chrona's great forest, where he quietly summons himself a pair of angelic wings, then flies over the foliage into the center of the forest. He mutters a few Words of Power to create a soft bed atop that tree, then he plunks onto his back with a sigh, using his feathery wings like a pillow.

Once more, silence takes him.

Jason lays on his back with his hands on his stomach. He gazes up at the sky, his eyes becoming unfocused.

_It's been so long._ Jason thinks. _I've had voices in my head for years now. I've even started to feel like I have to perform for others. Live a life for others. Act in a play for others._

He sighs softly.

_I have so many enemies. And they're all smarter than me. Ose, Unarin, Gressil, Raphael, even Marie._

Jason mentally slots the last two into the 'enemy' category purely because he doesn't see them as true allies, but situational companions. He intuitively feels they're simply using him for his power, and that if he didn't wield the power of Wordsmithing, they'd step on him like an ant.

They're not innately good people.

_At least Ose's finally gone._ Jason thinks. _But now Mephisto is on the loose. Gorn seems pretty intelligent. Auger is going behind my back to try and steal Mephisto's power... he could become a problem in the future._

Naturally, thanks to his Spynet, Jason has not overlooked the events which transpired in Auger's 'secret' meeting with the other Emperors. He overheard everything Auger said, and thus knew well in advance that Mephisto might awaken.

Even so, Jason did nothing.

He simply continued to observe events in the greater galaxy from the comfort of his time-accelerated domain.

Over these last two and a half years, the Wordsmith has had two hundred and fifty times more time to think than he usually does. The galaxy outside crawls along at a snail's pace, giving him weeks to ruminate where before he'd have less than an hour.

His mindset has begun to subtly shift.

He thinks about his dead daughter.

He thinks about all the times he's failed humanity.

He thinks about his laziness, his morals, and what sort of a person he's ultimately become.

_What am I? What is a 'Wordsmith'?_ Jason ponders. _Should I empower myself to become a beacon of strength? Should I uplift humanity to fight their own battles? Should I do anything at all?_

Jason recalls Marie Becker's anger toward him when they first spoke.

_Marie seemed to have a plan, a plan that I mucked up by flippantly using my abilities. There was a delicate balance between humanity, the demons, and the Volgrim, along with the Plague slowly creeping toward the Milky Way's interior. Have I accelerated the Milky Way's demise by thrusting myself into a situation I knew nothing about?_

His expression becomes troubled. He closes his eyes to think more deeply.

_It doesn't seem as if the Volgrim have any way to stop the Plague. It's too prolific, too difficult to destroy or slow down. It consumes entire worlds, turning every creature living within into new Plaguehosts. It's like a zombie virus on steroids..._

_Then there's that touch of Chaos within each Plaguehost. Could Gressil have something to do with the Plague? What about Glinch? Perhaps the Volgrim lied to me, and they were in fact the creators of the Plague? Unarin could be playing the long-con. But then again, maybe it really is from another galaxy..._

The Wordsmith lifts his hand up to massage his forehead. A trickling sense of dread clutches at the bottom of his brain, making him feel dizzy.

_What am I supposed to DO? Something? Anything? Nothing at all?? Do I empower the demons? Genocide their species? Leave them to their own devices? What about humanity? Am I being presumptuous by simply asking these questions? Do I deserve to have any say when I did nothing to earn my powers in the first place?_

Jason's thoughts increase in intensity.

_What does it mean to be 'moral'? Am I a moral man? I killed a million demons in a fit of rage because of my daughter's death. I can never bring them back from the dead._

_But the demons DESERVED to die. They attacked humanity! They killed my daughter! Shouldn't I have the right to kill them? Maybe they should learn not to PISS me off!_

He pauses his thoughts for a moment, causing their intensity to die down.

_Maybe I've been going at this the wrong way, all along. Maybe the 'no killing' thing is stupid. Maybe Hope, of all people, has the right idea. But I don't like the wanton way he goes about it. He slaughtered an entire planet of Volgrim, for Christ's sake! There has to be some sort of in-between..._

Jason sits up. He rests his elbows on his knees and hunches over, falling deep into thought.

_Have I been too childish in my way of thinking? It seems that way. This is a violent future I've fallen into. It's survive or die. I need to adapt my ethics._

_Batman has a no-killing rule. But he's a fictional character. He's a literal cartoon. What if I simply... decided not to kill 'in general'? What if I decided only to kill if I felt the situation required it?_

The Wordsmith raises his eyebrows.

_That would sure help me rest a little easier at night. Some demons deserve to die. Why should I go out of my way to spare every little bastard who needs a beatdown? What if I simply do as I please, based solely on how it feels, morally? Why should I twist myself into knots worrying about some evil dickhead who kills children for fun?_

Jason's thoughts sharpen as he realizes the crux of the issue.

_I don't need a 'code.' I need to do what's right. Usually, that means sparing someone. But other times, it doesn't. My entire species is counting on me. I can't afford to worry so much about my enemies when they sure as hell won't worry about me._

The Wordsmith relaxes. He plunks back on the bed and sighs.

_That's it, then. No more fucking around. If a demon wants to cause trouble, I'll punish him. And if a demon kills someone, I need to set an example. I need to start acting more ruthlessly. My enemies need to learn to respect me, or at the least, to fear me._

_Hope kills demons because that's what Neil told him to do. I will kill them only if I feel it's deserved. There's a difference._

Jason closes his eyes and smiles, feeling strangely content with his thoughts for the first time in ages.

An hour passes as he dozes off.

Five hours.

Eight...

Eventually, Jason blinks his eyes open, returning to reality. He yawns and pops his back, checking the time with a Word of Power.

_About two minutes have passed in real-time._ Jason thinks, sitting up in his tree-canopy bed. _Hmm. Hope's imminent arrival caused the Volgrim to evacuate their homeworld. Then the 'Apex Cosmic' made them panic even more. It seems the Volgrim are in disarray right now._

He smiles faintly, a wicked gleam in his eye.

_Once we deal with Mephisto... maybe I should take advantage of the situation, eh?_

---

On the world of Numaria, Bael remains behind after Anaelle's departure. Bored, and not sure of where the heck everyone else went, he starts wandering back toward Glinch's laboratory, only to pause when he spots the Stitched Emperor in the distance.

"Yo! Glinch, what's up, man?" Bael asks, waving at the somewhat baffled-looking multi-limbed monster.

Glinch stares at Bael warily, no longer willing to take the so-called 'dumb goof' lightly. On the ground before him lays Emperor Crow, beaten and battered, unable to move.

"Bael." Glinch says coldly. "Yama told me about you. You seem to have awakened a new ability since your transfer into Ose's body."

He pauses.

"...So how did you accomplish this feat? How are you able to summon horrors from the Primordial Era?"

Bael pauses his footsteps. He slows to a stop a few hundred feet from Glinch, and his face morphs into a scowl.

"Seriously, bro? _That's_ how you talk about your elders? She wasn't even dressed slutty at all! How dare ya call her a WHORE!"

Glinch's wary expression deflates slightly. He realizes Bael is still as big a moron as ever.

"That's not what I- oh, never mind. How are you able to summon dead demons and angels back to life?"

"Oh! Uh. I don't got any clue." Bael says, shrugging. "They can't be all THAT dead though, right? Grandma was walkin' and talkin' just fine. Silly Glinch, mixin' up dead people with not-dead people. Hehe."

Bael's gaze falls to Crow's body.

"So uh. What'cha gonna do with Crow? Seems like she went on quite the bender. She's all sleepy and stuff!"

Glinch doesn't answer for a few seconds. He mulls over the last thirty minutes worth of happenings, unsure of how to proceed. If Bael can summon insanely powerful creatures from ancient times, then he's become a real threat.

But at the same time, he's also become... _valuable._

That's right. Bael's value has increased immensely, perhaps even beyond Mephisto, the weakest Cosmic in the Milky Way.

Glinch begins to think carefully on how he might convince Bael to collaborate with him.

That is, until Bael's facial expression changes.

The former Duke of Pain scrunches his face together, as if having realized something.

"Hey! Wait a minute! Are you plannin' to hurt Crow? Cuz that AIN'T okay, buddy! You sick fucker, you were thinkin' about trickin' me, weren't you?!"

_Huh?_ Glinch thinks. _Why did Bael suddenly put the dots together? That isn't like him at all._

"Ah, ehehe..." Glinch laughs softly. "I'm thinking of abandoning my prior field of research. Your ability seems... much more _interesting_. It has a great deal of untapped potential."

"So you ain't gonna hurt Crow?" Bael asks, his expression suspicious.

"No. Not anymore." Glinch says. "Here. You can take her."

He nudges Crow's collapsed body with one of his multiple feet, then carefully steps backward, putting distance between himself and Bael. All the while, he keeps his senses locked on the extremely faint but still-perceivable cosmic energy signatures of the 'Archangel' Bael summoned, as well as Mephisto.

For his part, Bael walks over to Crow and kneels down.

"Yo. Crow. Wake up, sleepy."

He slaps her across the face, but she doesn't respond.

"Crowww! C'mon girl, wake up, haha. Nap time's over."

_Slap, slap!_

Inside Bael's mind, Ose growls in annoyance.

[Bael. She's not SLEEPING. She was BEATEN UNCONSCIOUS.]

"Sounds made-up." Bael mutters under his breath. "Silly Ose. You can't grow a conscience from beating your meat."

Ose rages at him again, unable to handle his stupidity, while Glinch continues to keep watch from a distance.

_Hmm._ Glinch thinks to himself. _All my Chimera are dead. Mephisto is going to die to the Archangel. Then she'll come back and kill me. What to do, what to do...?_

Glinch frowns. He lifts his head to look into the distance, where he becomes surprised to see all the Emperors who fled Numaria returning to the Stitched Wasteland, visible confusion on their faces.

Bael notices their arrival mere seconds after Glinch, though this is only because Ose alerts him to the unexpected circumstance.

"Huh?" Bael says, standing up and turning around to look at the approaching Emperors. "Ohh! There you guys are! Man, I must've had some bad gas while I was conked out for y'all to ditch me like that, hehe."

With Glinch's chimera all dead, the spatial turbulence in the area has dropped precipitously. The Emperors arrive through one of Yardrat's portals, glancing around in confusion as they sense the unmistakable remnants of holy energy.

"I knew it." Serena says. "I sensed the sudden appearance of an Archangel on Numaria. Bael, what happened while we were gone?"

Glinch remains in the same spot, unworried about the other Emperors attacking him. Considering the value he's demonstrated, they'd be fools to want to execute him on the spot, even if they do have bad blood between them at the moment.

Some of the newly ascended Emperors look at him with a mixture of fear, anger, and appreciation. If it weren't for his 'miracle pills,' they might never have ascended to Emperor, or it might have taken much longer even with the help of the Belial Booster.

Glinch says nothing, opting to leave the explanation to Bael. As expected, Bael is all too happy to tell the others what 'really' happened.

"Aw man, it was so crazy, you guys!" Bael exclaims. "So I was sitting over there on that rock, right? I was doing like I always do, scratching my butt, pulling some dingleberries out-"

Serena crinkles her face in disgust. "You can skip the nasty details, Bael."

"Right, but sometimes they stick to my fingers and don't wipe off easily," Bael enthusiastically explains. "Plus they stink real bad. Like poop, if I'm being honest!"

"Bael. Focus." Yardrat growls. "The Archangel. Why do we sense an Archangel's energy? Did Uriel come to save us?"

Bael shakes his head. "Nah, not Uriel. It was Grandma! Uhh, sorry, I don't remember her name. I called Grandma here to help me out, and she popped over, started beating Mephisto's ass. He'll be toast pretty soon."

The other Emperors, upon hearing it wasn't Uriel who showed up, become visibly more surprised. They murmur amongst one another, exchanging conspiratorial glances.

"Grandma?" Melody repeats quietly. "Bael always called Camael that. Has she revived too?"

"Must be the case." Kristoff affirms. "She's found some way to Ascend to the highest reaches of power. But why would she help us?"

Emperor Serena massages her chin as she talks with the other Emperors. "Remember? We gave Ose Camael's ring, shortly after the Energy Wars. We never told the Volgrim, either. This must be part of Ose's contingency plans. She befriended Camael, or found a way to force her to work for her, like Glinch did with Mephisto."

Yardrat nods. "It all fits perfectly. Bael's always going on about Ose-this, Ose-that. Maybe Ose left contingency plans for him, too. That's why he has that fancy armor. It's all interlinked."

"Have you noticed?" Melody asks in a hushed voice. "Bael's been acting a bit smarter, recently. He really pitched in during the fight against Glinch's chimeras. You think maybe Ose worked a little magic on him? Maybe some techno-whatsamajigger tool? She injected his brain with something special?"

"Could be." Yardrat nods. "But it's funny... he's an Emperor now, right? He's properly ascended? Yet I haven't the faintest idea what title he should have. I look at him, and I don't hear the 'voice' in my head."

"It does feel weird to keep calling him the Duke of Pain when he's an Emperor now..." Serena says slowly. "Let's wait and see. Maybe his proper title will formulate once he makes bigger moves, like Gressil's did."

While the other Emperors debate among one another, Bael stands awkwardly in the distance, scratching his head.

"The heck are those guys mumbling about?" He wonders.

Yardrat eventually pulls away from the group to walk toward Bael.

"Bael. We owe you a great debt. Ose clearly put a lot of trust into you. I look forward to seeing what you will accomplish as you better integrate into her body."

Bael blinks. "Uhh... right. Well, thanks for the nice words, bud. So what do we do about Glinch?"

Bael jerks a thumb behind himself to point in Glinch's general direction.

The Stitched Emperor remains standing, fearless and unbothered by the return of the other fifty Emperors.

"Glinch..." Yardrat says coldly, walking past Bael to approach the Stitched Emperor. "Your plan failed. Now you've pissed us all off."

Glinch rolls his eyes. "I lost one gambit. BIG DEAL! Hah. Mephisto will die, and that's that. But when that Archangel returns, do you actually think she'll let you all live?"

"She's on our side." Yardrat says confidently, having 'figured out the truth' about 'Camael.' "Ose planned this all out from the beginning. Even dead, she still works tirelessly to protect our species."

Bael raises an eyebrow as he looks at Yardrat's back. "Eh? Ose ain't dead, man. I can still talk to her."

Yardrat directs a soft look toward his poor, deluded brother, a demon suffering from grief. "...Of course she is, Bael. I must have used the wrong word accidentally."

"Oh, okay!" Bael says, giving Yardrat a huge thumbs up. "As long as you get it!"

Yardrat's smile becomes more pained as he returns his attention back to Glinch.

_Poor Bael. We'll need to place him in grief counseling after this. He must have seen a hologram of Ose and thought she was really alive. He'll need more time to grow that seed of intellect she left for him..._

"Anything to say for yourself? Any defense?" Yardrat asks Glinch.

"Pft. None at all." Glinch answers without missing a beat. "Don't even try to threaten me. Kill me or leave! Maybe I'll continue sharing my special Pills if you don't annoy me!"

Yardrat shrugs. "Your gambit nearly worked. You almost killed us. But in the end, you failed. Now our Hells have a tremendous number of newly risen powerhouses. If anything, what happened today was... exceptionally _good_ for demon civilization. I'm in a better mood than I thought I'd be."

"So why are we talking then?" Glinch asks. "Get to the point!"

"I just want to know what Mephisto offered you." Yardrat says. "You elevated him to the apex of power. You turned him into a Demon Deity instead of yourself. Why?"

The other Emperors lean forward, intent on hearing Glinch's reasoning. But he merely scoffs.

"Are you stupid? I'm a scientist! Not some meathead swinging my fifty-fists around!" Glinch proclaims. "I don't care about 'ascending.' Being an Emperor simply makes my abilities more convenient. I'd much rather dispatch an idiot like Mephisto to deal with the mundane matters or to fetch me new research material."

"Right. But why would you elevate him specifically?" Yardrat asks. "Why not one of us? Why not Auger? Are you afraid he might overpower you? Surely, Mephisto must have offered you _something._"

"Overpower me? BAH!" Glinch laughs. "As if. You think far too highly of that upstart! Auger is nothing to me at all, HAH HAH HAH!"

Glinch pauses.

"As for what Mephisto offered me... that's none of your business! You couldn't offer anything comparable anyway."

"So he _did_ offer you something." Yardrat says. "Try me. Auger's wealth is vast. Surely, outside of the dragonbones themselves, there's no boon Mephisto could grant you that my liege couldn't..."

The other Emperors scowl, realizing Yardrat's plan.

"Hold on a minute! Stop trying to cheat, Yardrat!" Melody shouts. "Plenty of us would like to make our offers too!"

Before anyone else can chime in, Glinch raises seven of his hands. "Shut up, all of you! You wouldn't be able to make it the way we like anyway! Dragonbone and the Sphinx were necessary for the ascension process too, and I doubt you've spares of those lying around! Stop wasting your breath!"

Yardrat blinks. "Wait, what do you mean, 'we wouldn't make it the way you like'? Make _what_?"

Glinch rolls his eyes. "What else could it be, you insignificant fool? PIZZA, obviously! I told Mephisto if he wanted my help, he'd need to give me a pizza every single day for the next thousand years!"

For a brief moment, all of the Emperors fall silent, digesting this incredibly idiotic piece of information.

"...You're kidding." Yardrat says. "You must be."

"Kidding? Why would I be kidding??" Glinch asks. "He makes it JUST the way I like it! Me and Mephisto go way back!"

"You gave away ultimate cosmic power to Mephisto... for _pizza_?" Bael asks, as baffled as the rest. "...Well damn! Good trade, Glinch!"

"I know, right??" Glinch asks rhetorically. "Anyway, the deal's done, and I don't want your sloppy, unevenly-cooked pizza. None of you can make it the way I like it except Mephisto. So that's THAT. And I can't elevate you anyway, because I'm fresh out of Sphinxes and Dragonbones. Hmph!"

Yardrat's mind momentarily blanks out from the stupidity of what he's heard. Much like the way Ose has come to know true suffering through co-existing with Bael, Yardrat nearly has a stroke from Glinch's words burrowing into his ear.

But before he can say anything, Glinch lifts his head up to the sky.

"Eh? What's this? She's gone?"

He squints, as if looking at something unseen.

The other Emperors frown, uncertain of what he could be reacting to.

That is, until Glinch begins to smile in a manner most unsettling.

"Oh, dear. The Archangel just vanished. Looks like I WIN after all! HAH HAH HAH."

He tilts his head down to look at the other demons. His pupils dilate ominously.

"Mephisto will return shortly. You'd all better start **RUNNING!**"