Part 451: Oasis Journey
Part 451: Oasis Journey

Jason, Phoebe, and Rebecca leave Tarus II through the planet's Warpgate. After notifying several relevant people as to where he'll be going, Jason and the ladies make their way into the Labyrinth, and they begin following Rebecca's lead as she takes them toward a place that will transfer them to the Remnant Oasis. The cybernetic human walks a little ahead of Jason and Phoebe, not directly beside them, acting almost as a tour guide.

"You know I could just teleport us there, right?" Jason asks after only five minutes of walking into the Labyrinth. "We don't have to go to some designated transfer point or whatever."

"Are you in a rush?" Rebecca asks. "If you are, we can jump straight there. But I thought it would be nice if we caught up a bit. No need to waste Miss Becker's time on unnecessary pleasantries if I can fill you in on what you've missed, instead."

"What exactly have I missed?" Jason asks skeptically. "My people keep me in the loop. I also spoke with Founder Unarin quite recently."

Rebecca glances back over her shoulder. "The galaxy is a big place, Mister Hiro. I'm sure there's plenty you don't know about. For instance, the fallout of Hope Hiro's actions has been immediate and swift."

Jason and Phoebe's expressions both become gloomy.

"Forty billion Volgrim." Phoebe mutters. "How could Hope do something like that? Has he gone mad?"

"I do not believe he has." Rebecca says in a neutral tone of voice. "His actions may have been extreme, but based upon the evidence we have collected, they were also logical."

"The Volgrim might not be our friends..." Jason says, "but they also aren't our enemies. They're currently all that stands between us and the Plague. Hope has just crippled their research capabilities at a crucial moment, right when the Volgrim need that research the most. To say nothing of the _genocide_."

Rebecca pauses her walking. She turns to look at Jason.

"Are you aware of the human experimentation regularly performed by the Volgrim?"

Taken aback, Jason frowns. "Human experimentation?"

"So you're not aware." Rebecca says quietly. "I can say with absolute certainty Hope is. It may have even been the primary impetus for his rage against Volgrimkind."

Jason glances at Phoebe. "Have you heard anything about this...?"

"I haven't." Phoebe replies. "Rebecca, can you elaborate?"

Instead of immediately answering, Rebecca purses her lips. She cocks her head thoughtfully, then sighs.

"You two should be fully aware of it. After all, when Jason teleported all of the humans from across the Milky Way to Tarus II... it did indeed include the Volgrims' 'experimental subjects.' The fact you don't know, while also being the leaders of humanity, that must mean... someone has kept the truth from you."

"Kept the truth from us?" Phoebe asks, visibly stunned. "Well hold on, who would even have the..."

She pauses for several long seconds while her and Jason's expressions both shift to disgust.

"Neil Adams?!" Jason and Phoebe both exclaim in unison, turning to look at each other.

"I would assume Neil was behind the cover-up." Rebecca answers, nodding.

"But why?!" Jason asks. "Why hide something like that from us? Wouldn't he want to proclaim the existence of human experimentation by our alien 'friends' loudly? It would greatly benefit him and his agenda!"

Phoebe clutches her stomach. "Not necessarily, Jason. Knowledge is a weapon. Neil didn't give you access to that information. That means he's been keeping it a secret all this time. He's saving it up for something important. A moment that will benefit himself the most."

The Wordsmith's expression clouds over.

"Then... perhaps during the public meeting in two weeks. He might dump this information on people. Tell them about the horrors the Volgrim have committed. He would have blindsided me. Made me look like a fool."

"It gets worse." Rebecca says quietly. "To know why, you'd have to understand what sorts of 'humans' the Volgrim liked to use."

Rebecca continues to stand in place. She spend twenty minutes explaining to humanity's two premier leaders the extent of the Volgrim experimentation. She tells them about spiritually reactive humans, how useful children are to their experiments, and finally, the full extent of their vat-cloned specimens...

"The vat-clones fucking _disintegrate_ after three weeks?!" Jason cries. "Does that mean all the ones I teleported to Tarus II are already dead?!"

"Assuredly." Rebecca says without a hint of emotion. "The disintegration process is not pretty. It would ruin your stomach. Vat-cloned humans are created using only the most basic bio-byproducts. The Volgrim could produce longer-lasting clones, and they sometimes do, but Quick Clones, as they call them, are cheap and easy to create. They have millions of different 'configurations' useful for different experiments. Soldiers, civilians, scientists, and so on. Each vat-clone has a lifetime of memories forcefully injected into their brains. They awaken inside the testing facilities thinking they are the people they were cloned from... only to suffer tests and torture until their existence runs out of usable time."

"Then they disintegrate..." Phoebe says, trailing off.

Jason's heart pounds in his chest, causing his head to throb. "I think I'm gonna be sick. How long has Hope known about all this?"

"My current working assumption is that Hope Hiro was just as unaware of the vat-clones on Tarus II as you were." Rebecca answers. "Miss Becker is confident Neil Adams did not inform Hope of their existences."

"He didn't? But why not?" Jason asks, even more confused. "Aren't they on the same side?"

"Yes." Rebecca says. "But they are not 'equals.' Hope usually defers to Neil when it comes to matters of strategic importance. Hope would never admit to this, of course. But our intelligence suggests Hope has tacitly chosen to defer to Neil's seniority in matters of tactical warfare and long-term strategic goals."

"Hope is the brawn and Neil is the brains." Phoebe notes. "How could Neil have covered up the existence of all those vat-clones, though? Wouldn't a huge number of humans been essentially the same exact person? The same face, same memories..."

"Indeed. The Volgrim may have millions of usable templates, but there are only a small subset of 'definitive' templates they like to use each research cycle. No doubt there would have been hundreds of copies of the same individuals, repeated dozens of times. They would have been impossible to miss."

"So Neil escorted them away in secret? He must have needed hundreds, perhaps even thousands of soldiers to keep their mouths shut." Jason points out.

"Not necessarily." Phoebe retorts. "Think about it. If Neil had one soldier escort five vat-clones to a holding facility, each being a different person with a different face, but the soldiers never came into contact with duplicate-people, then they wouldn't be any the wiser. Maybe only a few dozen people might know about the clones. And then the clones would have ultimately disintegrated, so the evidence would be gone. Furthermore, everyone was in chaos and confusion after you teleported them to Tarus II. In all that cacophony of noise, it wouldn't have been difficult to quickly shuffle ten thousand or so vat-clones to holding facilities, once they were identified."

"In total," Rebecca says, "Miss Becker identified seventy-four thousand Vat Clones on the surface of Tarus II. We believe we only accounted for roughly forty percent of their numbers, so the actual count is likely much higher."

"We went from 10,000 to almost 200,000 clones in a single step." Jason grimaces. "This is ridiculous. How could I have been so blind? I even stepped aside to let Neil take over! I was too hands-off during such an important moment! I let him do all the hard work while I just gave one useless speech!"

"You can't blame yourself." Phoebe says. "Neil is far better at trickery than any of us ever knew."

Jason looks at Rebecca. "Say... how are you able to know all the goings-on with Tarus II, anyway? How are you able to calculate the number of vat-clones that ended up teleporting to our world? Are you spying on us?

"Of course." Rebecca says, as if it's the most natural thing in the world. "Miss Becker keeps an eye on as much of the galactic situation as she can. Compared to spying on the Founders, spying on Tarus II is a walk in the park. Your security is terrible."

"Okay. But _how_ are you spying on us?" Jason presses further.

"It's funny you think I'd just tell you if you asked." Rebecca chuckles. "But to answer your question, we have lots of methods. For example, microscopic drones. We have a few trillion of them floating around, impossible for anyone to see. That's just one of our methods."

"Microscopic drones!" Phoebe exclaims, slapping her forehead. "That's brilliant. I've been thinking about putting some focus on miniaturization, but I didn't realize you could make drones that small. Are they able to record audio and video?"

"Naturally. And take temperature recordings of the air, note the particulate counts, scan for biohazards, and so on." Rebecca answers. "Miniaturization is an endlessly fascinating topic."

Before Jason can stop them, the two women suddenly start babbling jargon at one another, totally derailing the previous conversation about Neil to discuss technological advancements and other such things. Jason quickly falls silent while Phoebe and Rebecca launch into a verbose debate over the merits of different forms of miniaturization.

"I hadn't thought of using quantum isotopes as the power source." Phoebe says. "That should even provide too much power for a single microscopic drone. You'd want to set the isotopes up so they can power dozens at once."

"Thousands." Rebecca corrects her. "When you're dealing with miniaturization, power consumption becomes ridiculously efficient. Also, singular drones don't really have a useful recording acuity. That's why Miss Becker's drones are free-floating units that can combine to form larger units on-demand. In this way, they can wrap around an isotope to power themselves while also exponentially improving their resolution range."

"Ahh! I see!" Phoebe exclaims. "I'm guessing you make dedicated drones that carry the isotopes around and act as coalescing beacons for the recording drones? Then when they require power, they can simply sync up to the nearest isotopes to refill their energy reserves."

"Yes, that's exactly right." Rebecca answers. "And furthermore..."

For the next hour, Jason falls into step behind his wife and Rebecca while the two of them continue merrily chatting, seeming to forget he even exists. Eventually, Phoebe blinks as if coming out of a daze. She looks back at her husband and smiles awkwardly.

"Oh, shoot! I forgot what we were talking about!"

"I did too." Jason says. "Never mind. I'm glad you're learning new stuff, honey."

"Indeed! This is way more fun than I thought it would be!" Phoebe chirps. "I love talking with smart people! Not that you're not smart, Jason. But Rebecca is much better at... keeping up with me."

Jason coughs. "Thanks. That really lessens the impact."

"Ahaha..." Phoebe laughs.

The trio groups up again, this time with Jason involved in the conversation. Rebecca walks on his left, while Phoebe walks on his right.

"So, Jason." Rebecca says. "I've been curious about something for a while. What sort of societal model are you planning to follow?"

"Societal model? I don't understand." Jason answers.

"You know. The way you organize your society. Your economic model, your goals for the short and long-term... I've been looking into your policies, and you've made some... interesting choices."

Jason raises an eyebrow. "Such as?"

"You lived in a capitalist society growing up." Rebecca explains. "The United States of America, pre-Energy Wars. That seems to have influenced your choices on how to build your world's culture. For instance, Merit Tokens seem as if you looked at Capitalism's failings and tried to keep the concept of 'money' around while making them more fair and equitable for all to obtain."

Jason slowly nods. "I consulted with Phoebe on the Merit Tokens. But yeah, I won't lie. That had something to do with my thought processes. I want to live in a world where people can advance meritocratically. People should have to work to get ahead, but should be rewarded more if they work more. In the world I came from, there was a whole parasite class of billionaires who earned tens of thousands of times the annual salary of other people, yet did not perform nearly that much work. I just want to try and avoid that becoming a possibility."

"We've also built in a few 'money pits' for the system." Phoebe adds. "When people spend Merit Tokens on things like the Belial Booster, those tokens essentially vanish, making inflation almost a non-issue."

"But you will eventually face a problem with your current economic model." Rebecca points out. "Your model requires people to work in order to earn the tokens necessary to improve their lot in life. But I've heard the amount of work needed to be done has already started to slow, making Tokens harder to acquire. If you can't keep coming up with work for people, this will produce an economic slump."

Jason scratches the back of his head. "Uh. Honestly, I mostly leave the details up to Phoebe, so..."

"Right." Phoebe says, rolling her eyes. "We do have a different situation from Earth in my husband's time. For one thing, we don't need to worry about the supply of essential goods. Housing was the one thing we lacked, but with Jason's Wordsmithing we managed to obtain unlimited power, and food is equally easy to catch or produce. If an entire species of delicious creatures goes extinct, Jason can just pop them back into existence."

"I see..." Rebecca says slowly. "Your economic model functions well, but only so long as the Wordsmiths are around to pick up the slack when things need maintaining. That's fine for now, but what about in the future?"

"The future?" Jason repeats. "You think something's going to happen to me?"

"Anything is possible. But I was thinking more about the macro-level." Rebecca says. "Right now, your economic model relies on _one_ city on _one_ planet. What happens when humanity eventually covers the whole of Tarus II? What if humanity and the Volgrim defeat the Plague? Do you want to spend the rest of eternity summoning power plants and creating food for people? Your system is only sustainable now because it's so small."

Jason's expression becomes troubled. "I... hadn't really thought that far ahead. I figured we'd work out the kinks as we lumbered along."

Phoebe nods. "Jason's right. We seem to have a handle on things so far."

Rebecca stops walking to look at the power couple. "Do you? The way I understand it, Gressil recently took out the entire power grid for Tarus II. He didn't even fully destroy your systems. He merely interfered with the magical relays, making them unable to transmit power. Your entire power grid is exceptionally vulnerable to saboteurs, I hope you can see that."

"Yeah..." Phoebe says slowly. "I've been working on some ideas to protect the grid, but Gressil is one tricky bastard."

"It's not only about the power grid." Rebecca calmly explains. "You have built a system that doesn't scale. Furthermore, your system relies on too many individual links. Gressil captured Hope Hiro not too long ago. What if something happens to both Wordsmiths? What if the demons assassinate Neil Adams? You may not like the man, but he's quite adept at keeping the peace. What if demons assassinate _you_, Phoebe? You have a small number of essential personnel maintaining a small number of critical systems, all of which could be subject to disruption. As scary as those problems are now, they will only become far worse in the coming years, decades, and centuries."

"What are you suggesting?" Jason asks. "These aren't easy problems to solve."

"Of course not. But you place far too much confidence on your ability to adapt over time." Rebecca says. "Let me give you a word of warning. When your society is young and lean, and you have few chains in the ladder, change seems simple. But when you have a society spread over a whole planet, or multiple planets, it becomes exceedingly difficult to make those changes you desperately need. Everyone has their own interests. You'll face resistance from the people who've grown used to the way things already are. Even people who would greatly benefit from your desired changes will resist you. That's just the way societies work."

"Hmm..." Jason grunts. "Then perhaps this upcoming split presents an important opportunity. I don't know how many people will choose to go with me over Neil and Hope... but I can take the time to craft a newer, better direction for humanity in the interim."

"Just don't get too bogged down in planning." Rebecca says, while turning and continuing to walk. "Smarter people than you have tried to envision 'perfect' societies. They always failed. Humans are simply impossible to perfectly predict. The 'human element' will always ensure your society will degrade over time until it reaches a failing point."

"Oh yeah?" Phoebe snarks. "And what about Marie Becker's society, hm? Aren't you all still basically humans?"

"We have transcended the limits of our biology." Rebecca states with absolute confidence. "Both physically and mentally. I possess enough strength to easily defeat a Demon Baron in one-on-one combat. At the same time, I no longer suffer from the narrow confines of human psychological afflictions. I do not feel greed, or jealousy, or other such emotions, since those only impair my judgment."

Jason frowns deeply. "Are you saying Marie tampered with your mind?"

"No, no." Rebecca says. "I have the ability to activate and deactivate different parts of my mind on demand. If you have ever felt depressed, you would know what it means to wish you could simply deactivate the malfunctioning parts of your brain to feel whole again. I can do that whenever I want, and so, that makes me superior to ordinary humans."

"That's kind of screwed up." Jason counters. "Being human means experiencing feelings. If you don't have feelings, or you can force yourself to always think logically, are you even truly human anymore?"

Rebecca glances back at Jason and sighs.

"That's an interesting question, coming from you, _Wordsmith._"

"What are you implying?" Jason asks.

"Isn't it obvious? I know full-well that you have manipulated your emotions and the emotions of others through your Wordsmithing. That's essentially the exact same thing I can do, except you haven't recognized the dichotomy."

For once, Jason becomes stumped. He quickly recalls multiple times in the past when he used Words of Power like 'Calm' to force other people out of an angry or sad state of mind. One such situation even involved Amelia, when she was going berserk and was about to break out of her cage to attack Bahamut.

"Oh." Jason eventually mumbles. "Yeah. You have a point..."

The trio continue to talk and walk. After three hours, they eventually reach a plain-looking wall in an ordinary Labyrinth corridor. Rebecca places her hand on the wall, causing it to rumble and slide open. An inner passage is revealed, one that will lead them to a teleporter capable of taking them to the Remnant Oasis.

As Jason momentarily admires the perfectly-hidden wall in this one random corridor, he shakes his head.

"I still think it would have been faster to just let me teleport us straight there."

"Sure!" Phoebe laughs. "But then we'd have missed out on a fun conversation!"

Jason rolls his eyes.

"Yeah. Fun."