Part 413: Lily's Lovely Life
Part 413: Lily's Lovely Life

"Mmm! Ahh!"

A young woman, appearing eighteen years of age, stretches after waking up early in the morning. Her room, while simple and small, appears quite colorful with lots of pretty red and pink decorations and a few palm-sized animals carved from wood sitting on wall-mounted shelves.

The young woman pops her back and moans softly, then climbs out of bed and gazes at her disheveled appearance in the mirror.

From an adjacent room, a deep masculine voice speaks. "Lily! Are you up?"

"Yes, daddy," Lily Brown says. "I'll be out in a few minutes."

"I made breakfast," Benjamin Brown replies. "You can take your bath after you've eaten."

"Alright!"

Lily Brown, daughter of Benjamin Brown, a former soldier during the Energy Wars, plops down at her desk and quickly begins brushing her long, pink hair. She hums quietly while straightening herself out, then trots across the apartment complex toward the kitchen-dining room hybrid.

This building, while small and compact, offers individuals and families a simple but surprisingly luxurious living space, complete with efficient stoves, bathrooms, and other amenities all packed into each apartment unit.

Lily Brown sits across from her father, a hulking muscle of man and machine, while he places a bowl of gravy on the table.

"Mashed potatoes and gravy for breakfast?" Lily asks, raising an eyebrow.

"Don't knock it til' you try it." Benjamin says, smiling warmly at his little girl. "These are apparently some rare potatoes grown on one of the Liberated worlds. I decided to give them a shot."

"They smell great." Lily says. "Pass me a slice of garlic bread?"

Her dad nods, then pushes a plate across the table toward her.

As they sit and eat, Lily babbles to her father about all the local gossip.

"-and my friend Becky, she says the central government is erecting an apartment three blocks from here. It's Class-A, so it's a bit more upscale than our place."

"We're fine where we are now." Benjamin says between bites. "There's no need to waste our Merit Tokens thoughtlessly. Didn't you say you wanted to try out the Beauty Booster soon? Even I don't find fifty tokens easy to collect."

"I earned an extra token yesterday for my hard work!" Lily says with pride, beaming a smile at her father. "That second round of body boosts really made me strong as heck, daddy! I can lift half a ton without breaking a sweat!"

"Hard work is good for the soul." Benjamin says. "But don't overwork yourself. We're not in a rush to integrate into this new society. We're just... visitors."

Lily's smile fades, ever so slightly. "I don't understand, daddy. Why not stay here? Rather than living in that cooped-up tower, we should stay with our fellow humans!"

"It's not that simple." Benjamin says. "What you see is a world of humans all living their best lives. What I see is a doomed society soon to crumble. The Wordsmith's planet is quietly being besieged by countless enemies, and only the delicate balance of 'benefits' in the present and future is holding them back. I'm merely staying here to collect intelligence before we can ultimately leave and head back to Hell Harbor."

Lily scrunches up her nose. "But, daddy. Hell Harbor is in ruins. The Archangels brought down the Hammer of God upon our homeworld. It's in ruins."

"That's exactly why we haven't gone back." Benjamin chuckles. "I'm waiting for Yardrat and the others to rebuild. The Slithering Spire all but collapsed under the remnants of a mountain-chunk. In the meantime, we live here because we're not in any immediate danger."

Lily sighs. "I never disliked living with the rest of our family, but being surrounded almost entirely by demons wasn't fun. I think you're being overly pessimistic, daddy."

Benjamin snorts. "As if you didn't take every opportunity to get 'close' to those demons. Don't think I didn't notice you playing lip-lock with the succubi."

"Daddy!"

Lily frowns in annoyance, while Benjamin simply chuckles.

"I'm leaving now." Benjamin says, standing up and walking to the sink to wash off his plate. "I'll see you after work."

"Don't get shot while you're training the maggots." Lily snarks.

"And _you_ take care not to break any bones." Benjamin replies back.

After the man leaves, Lily finishes up her food, then cleans off her plate and puts away the leftovers in the fridge. She heads into the bathroom to clean herself up and get ready for her day at work.

...

Some time later, Lily leaves to go to work. She exits her apartment, only to bump into one of her many 'cousins', a child of Benjamin Brown's extended family, his previous wife's descendant.

"Hey, Latisha." Lily says, smiling at her cousin as they pass each other in the hallway. "I'm heading out."

"Have a good one Lily!" Latisha replies.

Lily passes by others from her extended family, all of them having also been transported away from the Slithering Spire thanks to Jason Hiro's magic. Simply as a matter of convenience, they mostly chose to live in the same neighborhood.

She exits the building and arrives in a well-trodden and cozy neighborhood street, one lacking any grass or plants due to the short time that has passed since Stormbringer, but with the beginnings of seedlings starting to spread thanks to Phoebe Hiro's many inventions. After anticipating the need to replant the local flora following Beelzebub's detonation, Phoebe created drones that fly around and re-seed whole tracts of land with basic plant-life from elsewhere on Tarus II.

Lily glances at one of those drones as it passes by overhead. It hums quietly, its anti-gravity motors allowing it to fly without the use of jet-based propulsion. Four long, spindly limbs hang out of its circular undercarriage, making it look like a four-legged UFO buzzing through the air.

Lily observes it for a moment as it drops to the ground across the street, sprinkles some seeds in the seemingly barren soil, then buzzes off to the next place in need of care.

"It's so lively here." Lily murmurs. "I hope daddy doesn't make me leave."

Lily heads down the street. Unlike the world of Earth during the Industrial Era, these streets are quite narrow and afford no room for anything but the smallest vehicle traffic. Several people ride on bicycles, zipping past Lily at a decent speed while she sticks to the sides of the road. With the streets being unpaved, she ends up walking mostly on compacted dirt and slightly uneven terrain, but this doesn't bother her at all.

Her outfit today is just as practical as always. As someone working in construction, Lily wears plain blue overalls and a white T-shirt. Of course, once she arrives at the job site, she'll probably have to put on a T-REX to protect herself from debris or other accidents, but she'd still rather not wear a cute dress to a job site.

Lily glances up at the plateau leading to the Fortress of Retribution's inner city. Despite her father possessing desirable qualifications and the right to live inside the inner city, he instead opts to live in the outer section to the west, between the main city itself and the Warpgate Complex.

Lily walks southwest, toward the newest housing developments that have only recently started construction. Before long, she arrives amidst a sea of humans, monsters, and demons, all working together under the eyes of various foremen and women. Huge minotaurs heft big rocks and steel girders while Demon Lords and even three or four Barons join in, using their more mystical abilities to construct, weld, and place structures together. Of course, the majority of the work is usually done by Phoebe Hiro's construction drones, which 'beam' the skeletons of structures and wiring into place, but the most delicate work is often finished by talented tradespeople.

Lily arrives to find two boys her age standing and watching as a Demon Lord sprays scorching hot flames onto a pair of beams, welding them together. Then, a pair of minotaurs work with an enhanced human woman to lift the beams into place.

"You two on break?" Lily asks in a sugary tone.

The first boy, a pale, freckled lad with reddish-orange hair, turns to look at her. His work-issued T-REX hangs in his hand, having taken it off a few minutes earlier for whatever reason.

"Hey Lily. Yeah, me and Connor just finished spraying a bunch of insulation. Boss told us to take a thirty."

Lily smiles. "Looks like a bigger apartment than usual."

The other teenager, Connor, a dark-skinned fellow with bright blue eyes, chuckles at Lily's question. "It's one of Miss Hiro's updated designs. It's gonna have a garden in the center for people to congregate."

"Wonder how long it'll take to grow all the plants." The redhead mutters.

Lily shrugs. "Knowing Miss Hiro, maybe a month at most. Becky says the Tech Division is working on some fancy new fast-grow plants. They might finally add some green to the scene."

Connor's face flushes, ever so slightly. He rubs the tip of his nose. "Becky said that, huh?"

"Oh my gosh, Connor." Lily laughs. "Ask her out already! Just do it!"

"Ahh, I don't know... I'm not good with girls. Not like Ves."

The other boy, Ves, scoffs. "If you think I'm good, you have holes for eyes."

"It's true!" Lily laughs. "Ves always trips over his words when he talks to girls. He's just so gosh-darn cute, they can't help but like him!"

The trio pokes and prods one another for a bit, but eventually, a foreman walks over, a short little goblin wearing slacks and a T-shirt.

"Hey hey!" The goblin exclaims. "Lil-lee! You here make big work today?"

"Yep!" Lily replies. "What do you have on the docket, Mongol?"

"Three choice." Mongol replies, while glancing at a datapad in his tiny little hands. At only three feet tall, he appears positively tiny compared to the humans before him. "We got underground poo-poo project needs work! Need build sewer for city."

Lily scrunches up her face. "...How many tokens?"

"Three tokens!" Mongol replies. "Pay very good for six hour work!"

"Yeah... maybe." Lily says. "What else?"

"Okay okay, pretty girl not want deal with icky sewer. Me understand!" Mongol chuckles. "Next we got heavy stuff-moving job. Easy work, but many lifting of things. You go to base of city and help construct new ramp to upper plateau. Your strength reach Class C, yes?"

Lily nods. "I can lift half a ton pretty easily. Maybe a bit more if I strain."

"Okay okay!" Mongol says, flashing a thumbs-up. "This work well-suited for you. Pay is one point five tokens!"

Lily glances at Connor and Ves, who shrug at her in response. Then she returns her attention to Mongol. "I might go for that. What's the last one?"

"It not hard, but not easy." Mongol says. "Only one token. You go and help dig tunnels. We need help pulling big rocks out and throwing them in open area. Lots of debris. Robots too big to fit."

"I'll take the second job." Lily says. "Send me the info, please."

She holds up her hand, revealing a metal wristband. Not only does she wear one, but so do the boys, and even Mongol. It projects a stream of information into the air, and Mongol activates his wristband as well. He flicks his fingers and transmits the details to Lily, allowing her to observe the job's specific requirements.

"Look good?" Mongol asks.

"Mhm. Thanks Mongol! I'll head over to the site in a bit."

"Okay okay, you have good time Lily! Make big bank yes! Fight-fight-fight!"

Mongol spins on his heel and trots away, leaving Lily alone with Connor and Ves.

"It's so neat how efficiently Miss Hiro's system works." Ves idly comments. "You can just take whatever job you want. If you do the work, you get paid. If not, you don't. Nobody cares what you look like, what your gender is, or even what your species is. We're all... equal."

Connor appears less impressed. "Yeah, this world's kind of nice. But I didn't ask to be brought here. None of us did. That Wordsmith guy just cast his magic without asking us."

"Oh?" Lily asks. "Where are you from, Connor?"

"I lived on Sharmur." Connor answers, his tone bitter. "Shit. The whole world... it's ruined now. That 'Plague' hit us. And from what I've heard? It came because of his magic. The Wordsmith actually attracted the monsters like a god-damned idiot. Now I'm stuck here. Me, my mom, and my dad."

"I'm from Jeddax." Ves says. "My world sucked. I like it here a lot more. The demons would form hunting parties to chase after us for sport. I'm turning eighteen next month. I'd have been thrown into the 'chaser' party for the next hunt once I became an adult. Fucking demons."

"Really? Demons would hunt you down?" Lily asks, visibly shocked. "Why would they do that though? I've always gotten along just fine with demons."

"Ain't you some sort of princess?" Connor asks. "It's not the same for us commoners. I mean, I had it pretty good on Sharmur. The demons there were super chill. But I've heard horror stories about other demon-controlled worlds."

"Like Jeddax." Ves adds. "On Tarus II, humans have power. Demons don't fuck with us. The best they can do is make snarky comments, but they're terrified of getting cut off from those Belial Boosters. Those facilities are basically drugs to them."

"The Belial Booster..." Lily says quietly. "Mmm. I still need to say hi to her."

"Huh? Who? Belial?" Ves asks.

"Yeah. She and I go way back." Lily says, before noticing the odd looks the boys are giving her. "Oh! It's... well, it's complicated. You guys know I'm a lot older than you, right?"

"You are?" Connor asks. "What are you, like, twenty? Twenty-two?"

Lily fidgets with her feet. "Connor... I'm three thousand years old."

"What the _fuck_? How?" Connor asks incredulously. "Did you take a dip in the fountain of immortality or something?"

"Well, my daddy has access to these 'Energy War' technologies." Lily explains. "One of them is a nanite compound that can greatly extend a person's life. He's used it on all his family members in the past. We're basically immortal."

"Wow." Ves says, shaking his head in disbelief. "You think you know a gal. Why the heck is the Wordsmith making people visit the new age-extension facilities if he could just zap us with nanites?"

"My daddy intended to talk to him about them at some point." Lily says. "But the Wordsmith has been a bit busy. Daddy has, too."

"Guess it doesn't really matter." Ves says. "We do have those 'BoRDs'. The Rejuvenation Depots. They do the job just fine."

"I saw an old man step inside and he came out looking my dad's age." Connor says. "That's magic for ya."

"I'll bet you didn't have such a thing on Sharmur." Ves points out. "Just another reason I love living on Tarus II."

"We didn't. But I don't really care about that, anyway." Connor retorts. "I hate living here. On Sharmur, life was easy. We didn't have to work all the time building houses for other people. I used to sit around and write poetry for fun. Now I need to earn stupid Merit Tokens."

"But you don't have to do that." Lily counters. "Food and housing is provided for everyone for free."

"Sure, if you want to live and eat in the middle of bumfuck-nowhere." Connor says. "I want my little sister to have a good life. I'm saving up for a place in the Upper Plateau. Mom, dad, and I are going to pool our merits together."

"It's pretty pricey there." Lily points out. "Two hundred tokens a month. And that's just for a basic apartment. If you want something nicer..."

"As long as we can live up there, we'll have access to Miss Hiro's new school and university." Connor says. "I'll make sure my sister gets a good education."

"For someone who hates living here, you're sure making a lot of plans to integrate more deeply into the culture." Lily points out.

"Just doing the best I can with the hand I was dealt." Connor says. He pauses for a moment to glance at his wristband. "Oh. Break's over. I'm heading back."

"Me too." Ves says. "Nice talking with you, Lily."

"You too, guys!" Lily chirps. As the boys depart, she also turns on her heel to leave. "See you at the Tribunal tomorrow!"

"Yep. See you then."

Lily walks eastward, a bit closer to the Upper Plateau. She arrives near the bottom of the cliffside, where she finds a hundred people milling about. Some of them haul concrete in bags, while other drive forklifts and other vehicles plucked straight out of the Industrial Revolution, likely built or envisioned by the Wordsmith himself. They all work together to construct a new ramp up the cliffside, one which will allow many more people to travel to and from the lower and upper areas of Tarus II.

"Becky!" Lily says, as she approaches a blonde girl from behind. "You're working this job too?"

Becky turns around while easily hefting a huge 100-pound bag of concrete. "Hey, Lily. Yeah, this was all they had available. I didn't want to work down in a sewer, even if there's nothing gross down there yet."

"Right?! Me neither!" Lily laughs.

She joins in and starts helping Becky haul concrete to the designated landing zone, and the two of them chat while they walk.

"Guess who I saw on my way here." Lily says, smiling devilishly. "Connor!"

Becky flushes red. "Oh? Yeah... Connor."

"Hahaha! You're blushing! You L-I-K-E him!"

"Maybe a little." Becky says. "Come on, Lily! Stop teasing me!"

Both girls continue to talk while they work. After an hour, the topic drifts elsewhere.

"You're watching the Tribunal tomorrow, right?" Lily asks.

Becky's smile fades away. "Yeah."

Lily pauses for a split-second while throwing the bag of cement onto the pile of other ones. "Did I say something wrong?"

"Well... Lily..." Becky says hesitantly, "I... I lost my mother during Stormbringer. And she wasn't among the recovered souls. She's gone. For good."

Having only lived on Tarus II a scant few weeks, Lily hasn't yet had time to fully understand everyone's living situations, including that of her new friends. She freezes in place and gasps. "Oh my gosh! I'm sorry... I didn't mean... I didn't realize..."

Becky averts her eyes, gazing off into the distance with a vacant expression. She swallows heavily. "I don't like to talk about it. I can't bring my mom back. I was just... sitting on a Covenant ship while she fought to protect our home. When the ship came back... she was gone. I never even got to say goodbye."

Lily touches Becky's shoulder. "I'm sorry for your loss."

"Thanks." Becky mutters, before hardening her eyes. "I'm looking forward to the Stormbringer Tribunal. The demons have to pay for what they've done. We can't let them off easy."

Lily chews her lip. "Yeah. Hopefully, we caught all the bad ones from that day."

"All demons are evil." Becky says, keeping her voice low. She glances at the other workers nearby, with several Demon Grunts among them. Her gaze turns vicious. "Many just haven't revealed their true colors yet."

"No, no, no. Not all demons are bad." Lily whispers, pulling close to her friend. "I know what happened to your mom was terrible, but-"

"There's no 'but' about it." Becky says, giving Lily a strange look. "All the demons need to die. _All_ of them. That's why after I've redeemed the level three Body Boost, I'm going to join the military. I want to serve under Neil Adams. He knows how to deal with _them_."

Lily frowns. "Becky. I have a lot of demon friends, and I don't think they're all that-"

Before she can finish her sentence, Becky abruptly pulls away from Lily's touch. She scowls at her, giving Lily a look of pure venom.

"You're a _collaborator_?! Wow. I'm glad out found out sooner rather than later. Forget what I just said. Don't ever talk to me again."

Stunned, Lily blinks twice while her 'friend' turns and walks away. The sudden reversal of their friendship leaves Lily tongue-tied.

"What... wait... Becky? What are... what do you..."

Lily finds herself unable to formulate a sentence. Becky storms off, not bothering to look back at Lily even once. After she disappears around a corner, Lily's legs shake and tremble. She leans against a pole stuck in the dirt and sags to her knees, shocked beyond belief. Despite only knowing Becky for a couple of weeks, never did Lily imagine she would turn on her so abruptly and without remorse.

"I don't understand..." Lily mumbles, fighting to hold back her tears. "What did I... do wrong?"