Part 269: Visiting the Oracles
Part 269: Visiting the Oracles

Inside a distant corner of the Labyrinth, within the confines of a makeshift prison area, a spectral demoness with an immaterial body raises her palm into the air.

_Smack!_

She slaps a human trapped inside a cage before her, the captured leader of humanity's military forces, Neil Adams. Neil cries out in pain and stumbles backward, hitting the Labyrinth's compacted dirt floor with a violent _thud_! Magical energy and electricity courses through his veins, torturing him for several seconds afterward, but he only grits his teeth and endures the pain, glaring at Ose with bloodshot eyes.

"Gaaaah! B-beat me all you want, bedeviled witch! You shall never find the answers you seek!"

Ose's eyes flicker with annoyance. "You know where the Trifrancium is! You must! I'll break that Wordsmith's magic if it's the last thing I do!"

Humanity's former military commander grins evilly, as blood gushes from a broken tooth. "Hahaha! Stubborn and stupid, as expected of a bloodskin harlot! I told you, Ose! Hope erased my memories of all top-secret knowledge long before your invasion! There are no 'seals' you can break, no memories you can coax or rip out of my mind! There's nothing of importance hidden in my head, and no matter how you slap and kick me, you'll find nothing!"

"Liar!" Ose roars. She motions with her hands to conjure electrical energy, then aims her fingers at Neil's heart.

_Crackle!_

The weakened bolt of lightning strikes the human and sends him crashing against the demonstone bars of his cage, knocking the wind out of him and leaving him a crumpled mess on the floor.

"C-cough... cough..."

Tears flow uncontrollably from Neil's eyes as the unbearable torture threatens to shatter his sanity. He presses the glove on his right hand against his heart and clutches his chest, desperately willing the pain to fade with all his strength.

"You... you must be lying!" Ose shrieks. She tugs at the hair on both sides of her head and stomps her astral foot against the ground, momentarily hardening it to interact with the physical plane. Even with her Emperor-level strength, the impact barely even scatters a thin layer of dust coating the ground, revealing just how weak her interactions with the physical world are when she enters her Astral Form. "What sort of imbecilic leader hides the knowledge of his deadliest assets from himself?! You're simply asking for yourself to be betrayed!"

Neil continues to cough and sputter for several seconds. Eventually, he gathers his strength, grabs his cell's bars, and shakily pulls himself up. He defiantly rises to his feet to glower at Ose with the strongest look of anger he can currently muster.

"Kuh... huh... stupid wench. Don't you get it? I trust my soldiers. You wouldn't _understand_, being a filthy bloodskin and all. Your kind knows only betrayal and backstabbing, but my men and women are loyal to the core. We stand together as proud warriors. The only things that will ever break their loyalty are demonic lies... filthy, heretical magic conjured from the mind of a wretched being such as yourself."

Shakily, he points a gloved finger at her, even as his vision wavers. "That's what makes humans superior to demons. We may fight among ourselves at times, but in the end, we will always unite to combat an external threat. And when we do, we become an unstoppable machine of ruthless efficiency. In only six years, we've created weapons capable of combatting your kind. Just imagine the heights we'll reach once ten years, or twenty, or a hundred pass! We're a ticking time bomb... one that will signal the end of your reign."

Ose's eyes twitch, but she forces a smile. "Haha. Is that so? You sound awfully confident for a beaten _dog_. Make your jokes while you still can, Little Neil. Your fellow humans are already at death's door. It only took me a day to shatter their defenses and press upon them from all sides. The Wordsmiths abandoned them, and many of your top generals will soon perish. Once they fall, what remains of your resistance will crumble into ash."

Neil's smiles fades, while a look of hatred replaces it.

"Taunt me all you like, Ose. I can tell you're lying. Why else would you be so desperate to find the Trifrancium? Could it be that you're worried? Ten kilograms of Trifrancium... that's enough to blow a planet-sized hole in the Labyrinth's center and irradiate all the poor bastards contained within. They'd perish within a week. Be a shame if I rigged it to detonate upon humanity's fall."

Ose's eyes flicker. "Ten kilograms? You're bluffing. I know you've only one kilogram, two at the most. Don't even think of testing my intelligence, mongrel. Tarus II might be rich in deposits, but no planet has ever exceeded thirty kilos in total... and we've already mined it for several millennia."

Neil's breathing grows steadier as some of the pain from Ose's earlier strike subsides. He straightens his posture and grins at the Emperor before him. "We might have one kilogram, or we might have ten. Go ahead. Flip that coin."

Ose crosses her arms. "Tch. What a pointless waste of air. This conversation has squandered my time for long enough. It is clear to me that you possess no knowledge I need. Still, you may yet prove a useful hostage."

"What, do you not wish to smack me around some more?" Neil taunts. "Why don't you come here in person? We'll see if you can act so tough when we speak face-to-face. Then again, I suppose it's hard for you to meet me, given how badly my third in command broke your body. You must be suffering terribly right about now."

Despite her clearly superior position, Ose still grits her teeth in frustration. "Imbecile! That crocodile didn't injure me at all! I was the one who bested him! I broke my own arms willingly to bury the Sphinx forever!"

"Oh?" Neil asks, smiling bemusedly. "So you killed him then? Kar? How interesting, considering I remember seeing him still breathing after your battle. Who are you trying to fool?"

"Shut your mouth!" Ose snaps. She raises her hand and conjures electricity into it, then slaps Neil's face with enough force to send him flying to the left. He crashes against the bars like a ragdoll, then flops to the ground lifelessly.

Several seconds pass. Ose scrunches up her nose. "Shit. Did I kill him? No. He's still alive. Barely. Tch. Can't believe such a wretched little pissant made me lose my temper."

Her body trembles with rage, but she swallows that anger and exhales it through her nose.

_Breathe, Ose,_ the Third Emperor thinks. _I cannot waste time on this mutt any longer. Right now, locating the Wordsmiths should be my number one goal._

She turns away from her downed prisoner and slowly floats away, passing through the cage's confines. She pauses for a moment to look at the prison room, a small makeshift facility with three dozen other cages lined up along the walls, all of them with magical gems embedded on their tops to disrupt certain types of magic. No other demons reside in the room, having stepped outside to await the results of Ose's interrogation.

The Emperor of Infiltration curls her upper lip into a sneer. _I should have Jason's wife and daughter in my grasp by now. Yama's Shades failed me miserably, leaving me with only one hostage of any value. Perhaps I should return and capture the Wordsmith's family myself, ensuring they won't slip through my fingers again. Seven Hells! Must I do everything on my own?! What use is there in the title of Emperor if all of my subordinates become useless buffoons the moment I avert my gaze?!_

Without another word, Ose jumps forward, accelerating from a standing position to ten times the speed of sound. Her body rushes through the Labyrinth's walls at blinding speeds, while she pauses only for half-seconds at a time to double-check her surroundings.

She arrives inside the Blood Pits and quickly jumps to her main body. After examining her nude figure soaking in virgin blood, she frowns, then flickers to the side, where a nearby Demon Lord stands at attention, one of the assistant healers in the Blood Pits.

"Jiro," Ose says, as she materializes before him. "Tell Hellga to accelerate my healing. I don't care about the costs or risks. Use whatever methods she requires. Just get me out of here as quickly as possible."

The assistant demon loses some of his color. "Y-yes, Emperor Ose, but... while I'm sure Miss Hellga has a few methods left at her disposal, the after-effects won't be mild..."

"Did you not hear me? Stupid bastard!" Ose roars. "I don't give a damn about the risks. Relay my orders at once! Don't make me repeat myself!"

The Demon Lord jumps in fright. "Okay! Of course! I'll tell her at once!"

He leaves in a hurry, while Ose flickers over to a nearby blood pit where two demonesses lounge and chat with each other quietly.

"Vepar! Laharl! What are you two doing, lazing about?! Look at you! Your bodies are fully healed! Get out of the bloody tub and get back to the frontlines!!"

At the sound of Ose's astral voice, both Barons nearly wet themselves in fright. Laharl jumps up and aims her claws at Ose, then sneers angrily. "Tch! Shut your trap, bitch! We got our asses kicked by that damned Sphinx earlier! So what if we take our sweet time gettin' back, eh? What's it to you?! You've still got plenty of Barons who can do your dirty work!"

"I couldn't even hurt the Sphinx," Vepar complains, her raspy voice and rotted face giving her a frightening appearance. "I might as well not even return to the fight. What use will I be anyway?"

"No protesting! No arguing!" Ose shouts. "I've lost Beelzebub, and now Artorias is all alone fighting Belial! You two need to go and reinforce him. Slow Belial down, choke her with poison, I don't give a damn! Stop sitting on your asses, yapping about worthless pleasantries, and make yourselves useful!"

Both Barons open their mouths to complain, but think better of arguing with an Emperor capable of obliterating their existences. With reluctant shrugs of their shoulders, they climb out of the blood pits and walk over to a nearby pool of water to clean their skin.

"Fine..." Laharl mutters. "But if I don't find some nice, hunky pieces of man-meat when I get there, I'm going to be awfully disappointed."

"You'll find my foot planted firmly in your rectum if you don't pick up the pace," Ose snarls. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a Wordsmith to locate."

Ose flickers away, not even deigning to wait for a retort from her Barons. She flies through the Labyrinth's walls once again, this time increasing her speed tenfold. 

Within seconds, she travels a thousand miles, treating the Labyrinth's winding passages and confusing corridors as if they don't exist at all.

It doesn't take long before she stops inside a secret facility, one with giant magical crystals hovering in midair. Beneath each crystal, half a dozen demons sit cross-legged in a circle, all of them holding out their arms to press their palms together. They bow their heads and close their eyes, performing a demonic ritual of meditation to increase their spiritual awareness.

Aside from the hundreds of demons located beneath the dozens of floating crystals in the center of the room, countless other monsters and demons walk around with studious looks on their faces. Wearing prim and proper black robes and other similar garments, the entire facility ripples with a cult-like sensation, giving the environment an uneasy atmosphere.

Ose turns her head from side to side, instantly scrutinizing every demon in the room. It only takes her half a minute to spot one specific Demon Baron, a female perched atop an outcropping in the wall. With jet black hair bundled up in a ponytail and a punk-rocker-girl T-shirt and shorts, she visually stands out from all the properly-dressed demons below her. A succubus tail flicks around behind her as she jots down notes on a clipboard.

The Third Emperor rolls her eyes. "Ugh. This is the part I hate."

She grits her teeth and flies toward the succubus. The moment she draws near, the Baroness raises her head, spots Ose and smiles giddily.

"Omigoooosh! Ose! Long time no see! How have you been?!"

Sparkles dance in her eyes as she jumps up and down excitedly. Ose visibly cringes, but forces herself to smile.

"_Abby._ You always act so bloody excited to see me, but you _do_ realize we spoke not even two days ago, don't you?"

"Really? Wow, that's even longer than I thought!" Abby, the Baron of Happy Thoughts, answers. "What can I say?! It's always great to see my precious, favorite, sweetie-pumpkin!"

"Don't call me that," Ose mutters. "I'm here on business, and I don't have a lot of time."

"Oooh!" Abby grins. "You need my H-E-L-P then, HMMM? Well, you can always come knocking any time you want, sweetie-pumpkin! You know I'll break down your door if it gets me into your knickers, ahaha!"

The corner of Ose's lip twitches in disgust, not from Abby's sexual advances, but from the sheer level of excitement radiating from the succubus's body. Anyone exuding such intense positive emotions tends to nauseate Ose, making it impossible for her to trust them.

"Just... help me find someone," Ose says. "I need to locate the Wordsmiths. Both, preferably, but even a single one will do. We should have enough demons on Tarus II for the Oracles to search the planet. Additionally, check the Labyrinth. The Wordsmiths must be hiding somewhere secretive, somewhere I've not yet checked, but still close to the battlefield."

"Okay!" Abby says, casually tossing her clipboard behind her. It hits the ground with a clatter at the same time as she claps her hands excitedly. "This sounds like an adventure! Oooh, how exciting! You finally came to ask something of me! Could this be the start of our blossoming relationship? Our budding romance? How delightful! I always knew you'd come around!!"

Having known Abby for as long as they were both Barons, Ose merely crinkles her nose and looks away. "Sure, sure. Call it whatever you want. Can you find the Wordsmiths or not, Abby?"

"Dunno!" Abby says. She jumps off the outcropping and falls to the ground a hundred feet below, landing soundlessly without making even the slightest impact. She dances forward, clapping her hands while spinning around like a ballerina. "Okay, guys! Hey everyone! Can I have your attention, please? My precious-_wecious_ Ose needs to find the Wordsmith guy! You know, the one with the big muscles, or maybe the other one with the even _biggerer_ muscles! Come on now, people, snap to it! I can't leave my sweetie-pumpkin waiting!"

Ose watches from on high, shaking her head in embarrassment. She facepalms and groans audibly. "Ugh. Abby is just too sickening. Why must _she_ be the most adept of all Oracles? If only I could find someone less nauseating to replace her."

Despite her griping, Ose doesn't interfere with Abby's work. She does, however, stare at the back of Abby's black T-shirt, where in sparkly pink letters, the words "LOVE CONQUERS ALL!" rest upon her spine.

Several minutes pass. Abby skips around, jumping from one group of Oracles to another while clapping her hands rhythmically to a song nobody but her can hear. "Come on, come on, raise those spirits! Put some peppy in your steppy, boys and girls! My sweetie-pumpkin needs our help!"

However, as the minutes pass, Abby's appearance grows less enthusiastic. After hundreds of Oracles shake their heads in unison. Abby finally stops prancing about and slows to a stop.

Ose floats down to her side. "Nothing?"

Unexpectedly, Abby bursts into tears. "Uwaaah! Oh, Ose! Sweetie-pumpkin, I'm so sorryyyy! I couldn't find even one hair on their heads!! I'm useless, hic, a total failure! Uwaaaah!"

Utterly revolted, Ose swallows her gag reflex and chokes back vomit as she tries to 'comfort' Abby. "H-hurk... okay, calm down. Seven Hells, you're a bloody handful. Enough with the waterworks. Why can't you find the Wordsmiths? Did you not search the Labyrinth's entirety, as well as Tarus II?"

Abby presses her fists against her eyes while still sobbing uncontrollably. "Hic, hic... I'm doing my bee-eee-eeest! I'm just a stupid, no good Oracle! A total dummy! Uwaaah!"

Ose spends the next few minutes delicately consoling Abby before finally exploding in anger. She smacks the back of Abby's head, injecting electricity into the sobbing Baron's brain. "Enough! Stop with all that damned blubbering!"

Caught off-guard, Abby stumbles and falls to her knees. A moment later, she jumps to her feet and whips her head around to grin with sparkling eyes at Ose. "Oh wow, that felt great! Hit me again, sweetie-pumpkin! That tingly-feeling really cleared my head!!"

"I know. That was the _point_," Ose snaps. "Now explain to me why you can't find the Wordsmiths."

With her emotions momentarily disrupted, Abby becomes noticeably more analytical. She presses her finger against her lips and falls silent for a few seconds before speaking.

"Well, Ose dearest... it's like this. Oracles can only see the areas around where other demons exist. The more demons in one area, the more clarity our visions have."

"Right, yes, I know..." Ose mutters. "So, are the Wordsmiths not on Tarus II? Are they not in the Labyrinth?"

"I don't think they are," Abby replies. "But I can't say for certain! After all, aren't the Wordsmiths super powerful? Maybe they've hidden themselves from our Oracles' eyes!"

"Damn," Ose curses, "that's a distinct possibility. Hm. Can you at least peer into the future for me? Maybe you can find out if, or when, the Wordsmiths will return."

"No can do," Abby says, shaking her head. "Using our foresight requires time and preparation. I can look five minutes into the future whenever I want, but any further than that? I'm useless! I'd need to meditate for several hours just to look ten minutes into the future!"

"I thought the Oracles could combine their minds to increase Foresight's efficiency?" Ose asks.

"Oh, sure, if you want to lose the war," Abby says, nodding seriously. "You know we're pretty busy guiding the attacking forces, right? Silly Ose! You're always so focused and determined... that's what I love most about you!"

"Devils, no more sappiness, _please_," Ose groans, recoiling from Abby. "Just tell me if you can locate someone else. How about Jason's wife and daughter?"

"Oh, them? Sure! I already saw those two," Abby says, nodding matter-of-factly. She motions with her hand to summon a tiny ball of mana in the air. Ose takes the energy and presses it against her forehead, then falls silent for a few seconds as images appear in her mind.

"I see. Phoebe Hiro continues to fight on the frontlines, but she appears beaten and exhausted. Meanwhile, Daisy Hiro- hmm?"

Ose pauses mid-sentence. She closes her eyes and frowns deeply.

"What... what is this feeling? It can't be! Heroic Energy? Has the Wordsmith's daughter awakened a set of Heroic Powers?"

Abby cocks her head. She examines those same memories and widens her eyes. "Wow! I think you're right! It's faint, but I can definitely sense Holy Energy emanating from her soul!"

Ose's expression grows considerably more serious.

"I see. So that must be the reason why Yama's Shades failed. Four Shades would never be enough to kill Belial, but slowing her down and apprehending a mere child? I could never have imagined them failing at such a trivial task. Perhaps, with her awakened powers, the child fought back long enough for Belial to rescue her and kill three of Yama's Shades."

Satisfied with her conjecture, Ose nods slowly. "I doubt the child will be a threat to us for the moment. No Hero reaches their full power until their eighteenth birthday. Even the early awakeners, such as Joan, only fight with a fraction of their strength. Still, the brat is a future threat... and a potential asset. If I can't obtain the Wordsmiths, then capturing her will grant me a valuable hostage, as well as a powerful weapon. Hehehe. Perhaps my bounty for this war will be far greater than I first thought."

"Hm, say, Ose?" Abby says, her voice more muted than usual. "I found something weird while I was searching for the Wordsmiths."

Ose raises an eyebrow. "Be more specific."

Abby shrugs. "Well, I just don't get it. Why is Beelzebub hiding underground? I sensed his mana on the opposite side of the planet, but he doesn't seem to be moving. Is this another one of your super-awesome, super-secret strategies? I know you always like to plan ahead, so I'm a little curious..."

The Third Emperor stares in bewilderment at Abby for all of three seconds. "What?! You found Beelzebub?! Where is he? Show me!"

"Okay!" Abby chirps. She summons another mana-ball of information, which Ose greedily accepts, merging it into her mind. 

When she sees Beelzebub's location for herself, Ose scoffs. "How absurd. Beelzebub's mana signature, all alone, ten miles beneath the planet's crust. What the Devil is he doing there? Taking a nap? Bah! I'll bet the Wordsmith had something to do with this! Abby, dispatch someone to dig the poor bastard out. At least then, I'll have gained another crumb from this visit."

Abby claps her hands. "Oh, yay! I'm soooo glad I could help you, sweetie-pumpkin! How about a good-bye kiss? Maybe several kisses? E-even some hand-holding?! This is a great chance for us to deepen our relationship!"

She reaches toward Ose, who quickly pulls away in response. "No! Seven Hells, never! Just... just do what I told you, Abby! I'll return later!"

"Haha, you always play hard-to-get!" Abby giggles, as Ose starts to fly away. "Ta-ta, dearest! I love youuuu! Huggie-wuggies to my sweetie-weetie!"

Ose vanishes into the walls, scowling darkly as she heads in the direction of her body.

"...So _this_ is how Beelzebub always felt around that ugly servant of his."

---

>!This is what a spoiler looks like! Click it to reveal the text!!