Part 120: Shepherd's Journey - The Damned
Part 120: Shepherd's Journey - The Damned

My next host, another unfamiliar body, slowly walks across a field of grass. We glance around every few steps, as tinges of fright shoot down our back. While Heaven's Light shines upon me once again, my host seems anything but calm. Our eyes dart left and right, not looking for specific threats, but seemingly watching for unseen horrors to come pouncing out of the grass.

It doesn't take long before I notice discomfort wracking one side of my body. 

My host is missing his left arm. Not only that, but his left wing is badly broken, too.

The angel slowly paces forward, leaning on a walking staff to help himself along. I get the impression I know him based on his nervous breathing and mannerisms, but without seeing his face, I can't be certain.

As my host ambles forward, we walk over a hill and arrive at the gardens where Satan and Agares deceived Uzziel. Hedges grow several feet tall, and the sound of muted laughter and music rings in the air. Somehow, it feels forced, as if the angels are trying too hard to enjoy themselves.

I duck and keep my head below the hedges, placing each foot down as quietly as possible. Medium-sized trees begin to sprout to my left, shadowing my host as he continues skulking around the edges of the garden. I don't know why he's so nervous, or why he's trying so desperately to stay hidden. It worries me that he might harbor dark intentions.

My host pauses and turns his back to the hedge garden. In the distance, Heaven's Gate shines. Dozens of cherubs stand guard, facing it and holding their weapons at the ready in case any demons decide to burst through. Unlike the last time I saw the gate, nobody guarding it appears interested in chatting idly or wasting their time. It's only a half-mile away from Uzziel's favorite gardens, so they must be on high alert.

_Oh, no,_ my host thinks. _What are the Archangels thinking?! Why post the Damned to stand guard alongside the... the living? They're terrifying! I'm getting shivers just looking at them!_

Based on my host's internal voice, I finally deduce his identity. He's Shepherd, the panicked angel who lost his arm during Valac's initial attack. He resigned at some point and gave up his position as a cherub.

I wonder what he's up to now?

Shepherd creeps toward the nearest tree and hunkers down behind it. He bites his lip.

_I must get out of Heaven. I... I can't take it anymore! The Damned are everywhere! They're always watching me! I see the looks on their faces... they blame me... they judge me for their deaths. Everyone calls me a coward. They all hate me. It's true... I am undeserving of Heaven's beauty._

Shepherd squeezes his staff tightly. A drop of sweat drips down his forehead. Out of the corner of his eye, he spots a flash of movement. Uriel, Sophia, and Hyacinth all land near Heaven's Gate and trot toward the sentries. Their movements, while swift, appear unhurried. The newly crowned Saints wave pleasantly at the sentries, though Uriel does not. They begin talking to each other, but I can't make out what they're saying.

_Ah! Sister Uriel! She will grant me passage. Surely, after the trauma she's suffered, she will understand my pain. Now might be my best chance!_

Haltingly, Shepherd takes a few steps before his nerves tense up. However, after forcing himself to inhale and exhale several times, he stands up straight and walks toward the portal as casually as possible.

Within a minute or two, I draw close enough to hear Uriel's conversation with the cherub guardians.

"-excuses. I want emergency drills performed three times a day. Each of thee is the second line of resistance, should invaders manage to bypass Sinai's defenses. Need I remind thee of what happened during the battle against the Reaper?"

Uriel stands with her arms crossed as she stares icily at one of the cherubs. I recognize him as Chester, the leader of an elite group of warriors, one who lost his entire troop to Satan's initial attack.

Chester nods. "Of course not, sister. Near the end of the battle, a small group of demons burst from the ground and ambushed the two cherubs standing guard at the gate. Only one of them survived."

She nods. "Correct. That means the little bloodskin bastards have Earth magic at their disposal. They might burrow beneath our defenses and emerge inside Sinai, bypassing the first line entirely. If that happens, there won't be any advance warning, and thou shalt have mere seconds to react. Therefore, I want ten cherubs posted inside and outside this portal at all times. Are we clear?"

"Crystal."

Satisfied, Uriel's posture and expression loosen. She forces a weak smile. "By the way, I'm sorry about brother Listrus. I know the two of thee were particularly close."

Chester's gaze betrays no emotion. "We were. However, his passing has only hardened my convictions. I must be far more vigilant, so that I may prevent any further deaths among my brothers and sisters."

Hyacinth raises her hand. "There is no need to place such a burden upon thyself, Chester. We all must work together if we hope to protect our home and family."

"A-ahem..."

Shepherd clears his throat, but the sound comes out stilted and weak. Everyone turns to look at him, and his veins run cold as ice.

"Ah, brother Shepherd. How may we help thee?" Uriel asks.

Heat rushes to my face. Shepherd stutters and stammers. "Ah, w-well, it's been- that is, I've been thinking... I need to, well, I mean, I would like to, um, uh..."

Sophia bounces over to me. "Whoa, whoa! Calm down! There's no need to get all worked up! Take a breath, then say whatever's on thy mind."

My teeth begin to chatter. Shepherd inhales sharply, but at that moment, one of Chester's fellow cherubs walks over to see what's happening.

And then I notice it.

The black eyes.

This angel, one I've never seen before, has eyes as dark as night-time. Not only him, but some of the other cherubs as well. Like those belonging to great white sharks, some of the angels here have eyes so dark that I might believe someone if they claimed these angels were creatures of the deep. They stare at me unblinkingly, making me notice other details, like their cracked skin and flaky hair. They look the same as any other angel from a distance, but up close, they're unmistakably different from their brothers and sisters.

Shepherd clams up. His breath catches, and he retreats a step, fear in his eyes.

"Shepherd? Is something the matter?" One of the black-eyed angels asks.

_Th-the Damned! Oh, by the Creator! They're looking at me! M-make them stop!_

My host begins to shiver uncontrollably, but he can't take his eyes off the undead angel. Suddenly, something blocks my view. Sophia steps in front of the undead angel, causing her poofy pink hair to obscure my view.

"I think I see what's going on here," Sophia says, quietly. "Why don't we get some fresh air, alright? Alright?"

Shepherd nods dumbly. He bows his head as waves of shame wash across his body. 

"I... I n-need to..."

"Mhm, I getcha," Sophia says. She looks back over her shoulder at Uriel and nods. "I'm going to help Shepherd. He's feeling anxious."

Uriel sighs. "Certainly. We mustn't leave our brother to suffer. Chester, a word, if thou please."

Uriel and Hyacinth stay behind as Sophia pulls me aside. The moment Shepherd turns his back on the undead angels, his panic attack wanes. Sophia walks me a few hundred feet away and helps me sit. She plops down to my left and sighs.

"Oh, geez. Thou art suffering too, huh?"

Shepherd blinks. "Huh? I... I don't follow."

Sophia and I watch from our spot as Uriel and Hyacinth chat with Chester, his living brothers, and his undead brethren as well.

"Thou art scared of the... of the Undying, aren't thee? I, ah... I am too. Don't tell Uriel." Sophia flashes a cute smile at me, but it vanishes instantly. She's trying to put me at ease, but it's not working.

"Thou art afraid of the Damned? But... didn't ye battle Valac?"

"Oh, sure. Me, Hyacinth, Penelope, and Catherine, too. I, ah, didn't do much. I got a fancy promotion, but I don't think I earned it. Cath did all the heavy lifting. She always does."

Sophia fidgets uncomfortably for a moment.

"See, I know the Undying look scary, but they're the same family members they always were! We're lucky they're alive, right? There's no need to be scared of them... even if they _do_ look like they could chew thy face off."

Shepherd shivers. "N-nay. Tis not only a matter of their appearance. When the Reaper died, why did they not perish as well? Such black magic is beyond our comprehension. I cannot trust them."

Sophia scrunches up her face. "_Well,_ I tell thee how to live thy life, brother, but thou mustn't blame them for their current forms. Just because they seem scary doesn't mean they're evil. Anyway, what is thy purpose in coming here? Why come to Heaven's Gate? It's a bit out of the way."

The sudden line of questioning makes Shepherd freeze up. He flicks his eyes to Sophia, then looks away. "I, ah... I want to leave... to leave Heaven for a while. G-get some fresh air."

While we rub our missing arm stump, Sophia frowns. "Why woulds't thee wish to leave Heaven? Don't tell me it's because of the Undying."

Shepherd squeezes his stump. "Aye. 'Tis because I cannot bear the pressure of their gazes any longer. They're going to attack me, I feel it in my bones. They hate me f-for failing them. For being weak."

A glance at Sophia reveals an unamused expression. She raises an eyebrow questioningly. "Oh? Well, if thou dost feel that way, perhaps thou should vacation over at-"

"No!" Shepherd yelps. He spins to face Sophia and lunges his hand out to grab her shoulder. "They're everywhere! Not even Raphael trusts them! He's the wisest Archangel of us all! He knows they're going to betray us! I can't go on like this! I can't... can't..."

Shepherd lowers his hand. He retreats into his shell, even as the Saint stares at us in surprise. Her mouth hangs open, as though she can't comprehend the pure terror in his eyes. 

"A-alright. Well, I mean... only cherubs are allowed to leave Heaven right now... but if thou possesseth such strong feelings regarding this matter..."

My lip begins to quiver. Shepherd nods weakly. "I... I don't want them to look at me anymore. I can't stay here. I'd rather die than live with this guilt hanging around my neck."

"Now, now. That's being a bit extreme," Sophia says, a hint of warning in her voice. "But I understand thy meaning. If thou art that earnest in thy convictions, then I shall assist thee to the best of my ability."

My eyes widen. "Truly?!"

"Yes, of course," Sophia says with a wink. "But only this once. I'll help thee bypass Heaven's Gate, but do not wander far from Sinai. There aren't any Undying out there, so thou may feel more at ease, but all our people must continue to follow Titan law and beware the demons."

Shepherd nods. "I thank thee, sister! Thou hath truly blessed me. I will do everything in my power to repay thee, no matter what it takes."

Sophia jumps to her feet and holds out her hand to help me up. "Thou need not go that far, Shepherd. It's not a big deal. Just do me a favor and be careful out there, alright?"

"Aye," Shepherd says with a nod.

Shepherd's eyes lower from Sophia's face to her outstretched hand. Slowly, he glances down at his missing arm stump.

"Oh, shoot," Sophia says. She quickly pulls her hand back and sticks out her tongue. "Ehehe... I, ah, forgot."

Shepherd digs his staff into the ground and uses his still-functioning wing to lift himself to his feet. "Worry not, Sophia. In due time, I will grow used to lacking an arm. Besides... I was luckier than many others. The Creator demands that I... that I count my blessings..."

Despite his strong words, Shepherd trails off into uncertainty. He wants to believe that good luck and fortune are the reason he survived, but deep down, he thinks so little of himself that he wishes he had perished along with his brethren.

I feel bad for him. Shepherd looks at the world from the most negative viewpoint possible. He's miserable, but doesn't have to be. There's always a silver lining and something worth fighting for; one merely has to look for it.

That's only my opinion, of course. Others _have_ called me an idealist.

Shepherd and Sophia walk side-by-side toward the others. We arrive in time to hear Uriel chatting with Chester. "Of course. That's what worries me the most. We should build an encampment nearby to house more cherubs, up to a hundred if possible. We could use seraphs too, for emergency healing. Uzziel, however, doesn't like the idea of buildings ruining the beauty of her gardens."

Chester shrugs. "I have no opinion one way or the other. Perhaps we could hollow out the area around the inner gate. If we reinforce it, that should stop unwanted guests from burrowing inside."

"Mmm. Perhaps Camael might be able to help. Stone would have too many chinks and cracks to withstand a demonic assault, but her enchanted metal might prove strong enough to repel the bloodskins."

Sophia raises her hand. "Hi, hi! I'm back with Brother Shepherd!"

Uriel stares at Chester for a moment, but her eyes gloss over, as if she's thinking deeply about something. After a moment, she turns to face Sophia. "Mmm? Oh, right. What was the matter?"

Sophia's eye twitches. She effortlessly blurts out a lie as if she's done it a thousand times before. "Shepherd told me thy expression was super scary. He felt intimidated by thy aura and couldn't bring himself to speak!"

Uriel raises an eyebrow at me. "My... expression? Come, brother, why must ye wound me so?"

Shepherd balks. "I... I said no such thing!"

Uriel's jaw slackens. She gazes at me incredulously. "My word. I didn't realize after all these years that I was frightening thee. I'll try to be more conscientious in the future."

"B-but... but..."

Shepherd turns to Sophia with a look of pleading in his eyes. Sophia smiles and nods. "Aaaanyway, Shepherd wants to visit the troops at the outer perimeter. He hasn't ever seen Earth, at least not since the mind-wipes. Wouldn't it be nice if he could?"

Uriel crosses her arms. "No. Sorry, brother, but nobody is allowed on Earth until we coordinate with the Titans. After we finish the memorial services for all of our brethren and rain fire upon the burrows of the demons, then we can open the floodgates."

Sophia stomps her foot. "Oh, come on, Uriel! That's going to take forever! With all the funerals planned, it's going to be at least a few hundred years before he can go outside! Come on, just one little peek isn't going to hurt. Besides..."

The Saint trails off. She gestures at my missing arm. "Shepherd's spirits could use some lifting."

Right on cue, I bow my head and try to look as gloomy and depressed as usual. It's easy for Shepherd, given he's already standing at the precipice of despair.

Uriel holds up a finger to object. She falters. A hint of hesitation enters her voice as she speaks. "I can't allow... I mean... well, when thou dost put it in those terms..."

Several seconds pass. The Archangel reaches back to scratch her head. "Mmm. Alright, fine. I will allow thee to visit our troops. However, do not leave the outer perimeter. Take a weapon, too, just in case. I'm worried about a possible attack by the demons. With their leaders dead, it seems unlikely, but I refuse to risk any lives. Astrea and Hestia are guarding the front gates. From what I've heard, they're competent warriors, but I would advise thee not to put too much trust in Titan females."

Hyacinth nods. "Especially given how many Titans Valac managed to kill. What was the number, again? A thousand?"

"Close to three thousand, I believe," Uriel replies. "Anyway, go on, then. Miles, give brother Shepherd thy blade, then go fetch a new one from the armory."

Uriel gestures to one of the other cherubs. Shepherd's body tenses up as the black-eyed Undying angel nods and walks toward us. Terror rushes into our heart.

The Undying angel unbuckles his sword and belt from his waist and steps toward me. Ice washes through Shepherd's veins as the terrifying dark angel reaches out and holds the sword for me to take.

"Here, brother, wield my weapon. I pray it serves thee well."

Shepherd's body trembles as he cautiously reaches for the sword. "Th-th... thank... I thank thee... for thy s-s..."

We never manage to finish the final word. Shepherd takes the sword and immediately retreats a step back, nodding quickly as if to assuage the idea that _no, he is, in fact not scared at all,_ despite the opposite being true.

Miles frowns. "Art thou alright, Shepherd? Thy complexion is as pale as snow."

Shepherd forces himself to swallow. "I am- yes, I... fine. I am good."

Uriel watches silently. She frowns, and I get the impression she's figured out a piece of the puzzle. However, she offers no commentary on my behavior toward the Undying angel.

"Very good. Shepherd, please stay safe outside of Heaven. Earth is a dangerous place at the moment. There are predatory creatures unlike any thou hath ever seen out there, not to mention the demons. Stay close to Sinai's base."

Shepherd nods. "Y-yes, sister. I thank thee for allowing this leave of absence."

"Mmm. Do not die on my watch, please. I would never forgive myself. Dismissed."

---

Thirty minutes later, Shepherd emerges from Sinai's cave system to the outcropping where the two Titan females sit, one on each side of the cave's entrance.

Thousands of angels mill around the mountain's base. Some fly in circular patterns above as part of their watch, while others hover in place and keep an eye on the distant forests below.

Shepherd lowers his gaze. A narrow path etched into the mountainside appears to be his only way down. He glances back at his broken left wing.

_I suppose I'll have to walk. I can't fly._

With a shrug, he steps out of the cave, only to immediately be stopped by the Titan female on our left. 

"Hold. Who are you?"

The massive woman, a chubby ball of lard, wears thin strips of animal leather across her sensitive areas. She casually holds a massive mace in both hands, as if the several-ton weapon weighs little more than a toothpick.

"I, ah, received orders to boost the morale of our troops," Shepherd says. "I'm heading out to speak to my brother's below."

"Didn't answer the question," The Titaness growls. "I asked _who_ you were."

"Oh. Err, ah, sorry, ma'am. I'm Sh-Shepherd."

She lifts her gaze to her sister. "What an odd name. _Sh-Shepherd._ Ring any bells?"

"Not even one," The female on the right says. She wears nearly identical clothing to her sister. "Maybe we should send him back, Astrea."

Astrea shrugs. "He's not a demon. If the guards let him through, it's not my job to stop him."

"True."

Both of them turn away and return to gazing at the distant landscape.

Shepherd waits apprehensively for several seconds, but the Titanesses ignore him. "Um... uh... am I free to, err, go?"

"Huh?" Astrea glances at me again. "You're still here? Sure, whatever. Leave us alone already."

She rolls her eyes and looks away. Shepherd stares at her in baffled silence for a few moments before shaking his head and heading for the narrow path.

_So, this is how the Titans act. I've never spoken to one before. They seem quite rude._

Ignoring his misgivings, Shepherd continues his journey to the camp below.

...

Eventually, despite his fear of falling over the cliffside, Shepherd reaches the bottom. A makeshift encampment with tents to protect the angels from inclement weather has sprung up since the last time I saw the place. The tents, made of leaves and sticks, seem flimsy enough that a stiff breeze could knock them over. As I draw near to the closest one, I note with interest that several vines have grown around the sticks to bind them together. Uzziel's handiwork, perhaps?

Shepherd, still awed by all the new sights and sounds, stumbles blindly into a circle of cherubs and seraphs. The group chats idly about various happenings, but pauses when they see me.

"Brother Shepherd! 'Tis been many a day since we've- ah! Thy arm! What happened to thee?"

Shepherd blinks away his confusion to stare at the armored warriors. Each one wears similar white platemail to the others, in addition to their individual flourishes. The man speaking to me has a red, satin sash running from his shoulder across his chest and around his back. 

"Oh, Marcus. My arm. It, ah... during the battle..."

Marcus's complexion turns ashen. "My apologies. I did not mean to dredge up unpleasant memories. We haven't heard much about the conflict from anyone in Heaven. I still have yet to learn who among our brothers and sisters fell."

A seraph lady, wearing green and white robes, nods. "Aye. I am anxious over whether Miledy and Dannis fell. I always felt close to them. With any luck, the demons may have spared them a gruesome fate."

"Let us cast aside such talk," A lean, dark-skinned male says. "Brother Raphael will deliver a roster of the fallen soon. More importantly, brother Shepherd is with us, now. Let us make him comfortable."

Shepherd blushes. "I thank all of thee. I will be fine, now. I had to leave Heaven. None of ye have probably heard, but one of the demons, Valac... he... he used corrupted magic on many in our family. He slew thousands, and then used some accursed magic to bring them back from the dead. However, after Catherine killed him, the Damned continued to walk among the living. They gaze upon us with horrible black eyes. Their skin cracks like broken twigs, and-"

Marcus raises his hand. "Dost thou referreth to the Undying? Why not celebrate their return to the living, brother Shepherd? They've been granted a second chance at life. We should count our blessings! Despite their appearance, they retain their personalities and roam free among us. Why, Brothers Bertus and Skurn walk this very camp!"

Shepherd's heart stops.

"Th-the Damned... they're here, too?"

"As of a few days ago, aye. We requested additional troops for the frontlines."

"But... but I heard none were allowed to... to leave..."

Marcus waves his hand. "No, there were special exceptions made for a few of them. After all, they remain loyal to our people. Their appearances took some getting used to, but I have partaken in wine and broken bread with them. They are the same as they always were."

Shepherd begins to tremble once again. "Oh. I, I see. Well, I, err... I thank thee for the news. I am going to speak to some of the... the other groups. F-farewell, then."

"Hm? Thou aren't going to stay and chat a while? Come, we must offer thee a proper welcome to our camp!"

Shepherd shakes his head. "N-nay, not now. Perhaps later."

Marcus nods. He doesn't notice Shepherd's discomfort. "Ah, suit thyself. I am glad that thou still remain among the living, brother Shepherd. Have a wonderful day!"

Shepherd nods dumbly. "Aye. M-may Heaven's light shine upon thee..."

...

Shepherd leaves his fellow cherubs behind. His heart races as he tries to control his swirling thoughts. All around him, people gesture and wave, happy to see one of their brothers alive, but Shepherd barely returns their gestures.

_The Damned are here, too. I believed I could rid myself of their gazes, but I couldn't. There is no refuge... no respite from their blackened eyes. I cannot continue to stay here. Oh, woe is me!_

Slowly, Shepherd wanders toward the outskirts of the camp. Cherubs and seraphs begin to dwindle in number until I arrive at the edge of the nearby forest. Here, nobody patrols.

Shepherd glances around.

_I want to be alone, but I won't go far. I'll stay close enough that my brothers will be able to hear me if I yell for help. Yes. That is the ideal solution. I won't go far. I won't... go far..._

Shepherd shivers as he enters the forest.