Phoebe stepped out of her room and clicked the door behind her, adjusting her leather chest armor to a better angle. She did not need to wear it around the city, but she always felt exposed without its protection enveloping her.

Stepping outside, Phoebe looked up into the sky and smiled. Snow lightly sprinkled down on the environmental shield above. Thanks to Jason's Crown, she had made a device that stymied the weather from disturbing Tarus II's populace. With Jason gone, they had had to construct new buildings themselves, and a few people still slept in tightly packed lodges. At least with the environmental shield, they could sleep on a bench outside without freezing to death.

Saul had been helpful when it came to planning out the city. It turned out he used to work for a Hero too, just like her! King Solomon, the sort of guy who liked to build big, fabulous things everywhere. Phoebe did find it interesting that Saul possessed the opposing tastes of his former king. He preferred drab uniform layouts for buildings. He despised flashy bling and jewelry and deliberately wore the same brown leather clothing every day.

"Oh, hello, Miss Berthold!" A woman yelled out Phoebe's name as she exited the palace. Phoebe glanced at the building across the street and waved.

"Hi, Debra! Lovely weather out!"

She winked at Phoebe. "Oh, you! Haha."

Debra was Hans Wagner's assistant. She usually helped out at the factory. Phoebe did not know much about her, but she seemed like a nice lady.

"I'm off to the Core. I'll see you later."

"You too, Miss Berthold."

As she entered the store across the street, Phoebe stepped out and headed in the opposite direction, toward a newly constructed garage. Her heart raced with excitement as she spotted her truck. _Oooh! I can't wait to go driving!_ Phoebe thought.

Phoebe loved driving. She had been terrified the first time Jason threw her in his Fur-rawr-ree, but once he apologized, she realized speeding around was incredibly fun! She got to travel faster than a cheetah!

Walking into the garage, Phoebe glanced past the row of buses toward her truck and waved. "Mister Ogie! Are you here today?"

"Ah! Dammit!" A gruff voice and the sound of a salamander striking his head on the underside of a bus made Phoebe wince. "Dagnabbit, woman! You scared the daylights outta me!"

Phoebe glanced down at the basket in her hand. "Oh, jeez! I'm sorry. I have these sweet rolls, and I just wanted to offer you one."

From the other side of the bus, the salamander froze for a moment, then scittered around on his back legs, landing on his front with a thud as he screeched to a stop. "Ohh! Sweet Rolls! I love those! Why didn't ya say so, honey?"

Reaching into the basket, Phoebe pulled one out and handed it to the ruby-colored lizard. "Here you go. I hope the mate and eggs are doing well."

Ogie's slit-eyes expanded as he lunged his tongue forward and snatched the pastry from Phoebe's grasp, wolfing the whole thing in one bite. "_Om-nom_. Oh, sacred saints! It's divine! Opening a shop next to you musta been the best decision of my life!"

"Second best," Phoebe said, chidingly. "Tell Jeera I said hello. I'm off to the Core to deliver these to our hardworking boys."

He stared longingly at Phoebe's basket before shaking himself out of his stupor. "Oh, yeah, that reminds me! Truck's fixed. You did a number on the fender and the rear axle, but I got it all bent back into shape for ya. "

"Oh, sweetie, I knew you would." Phoebe leaned down and gave the top of his head a little kiss before walking over and climbing into her truck. "Thanks for all your hard work."

His scales turned violet as he blushed madly and rubbed the spot where she had kissed him. "Aw, shucks. Anything for you. Hardly any trouble at all. Just don't forget me when you bake something."

"I won't!"

Phoebe's truck instantly turned on, and she slammed the door shut. After waving goodbye to Ogie, she pulled out of the garage and went on her way.

Buildings swished past, and pedestrians of varying backgrounds all looked up and smiled when they saw her. Phoebe's giant truck always turned heads. She waved at several people and monsters she recognized, beaming her happiest grin at a few patrolmen as well.

The situation in Hero City had improved dramatically over the last few months. Armed guards walked their streets, crime was almost nonexistent, and everyone lived in harmony. It was a dream come true.

Phoebe was sometimes surprised by how little conflict they had. In the world she had been born, humans attacked each other for the pettiest reasons. Brutal fights broke out in bars, men would rape the wives of their fellow man, and not even King Arthur, with all his heroic powers, could unite humanity for even a few moments at a time.

But Jason had. Whether intentionally or accidentally, he had created a stable society, one they steadily sought to improve.

Phoebe's smile faded. _How long will our peaceful coexistence last? Humans and monsters have hardly lived together for half a year. What if winter drains our stores and people grow desperate? What if a fight breaks out and someone says something vile, permanently damaging the community?_ Phoebe thought.

Humans were not stable creatures. They grew bored. They became restless. They sought adventure, expansion, and new horizons. Nothing lasted forever, in her opinion.

Phoebe smacked her face several times. _No, Phoebe! Think positive thoughts! Stop with the pessimism!_ Phoebe thought.

Driving down the cliffside and past the border wall for Hero City, Phoebe continued through the forest, which now had several huts sprinkled among the trees. Twenty minutes later, she popped out of the woodlands and zipped past several military encampments near the warpgate. They had increased their fighting presence dramatically, and the environmental shields were nearly at a point where they could create a protective anti-snow bubble from Hero City all the way to the warpgate.

Phoebe slowed to a stop as a male Kitsune, (a fox-man) jogged over to a barbed steel gate surrounding the portal. His uniform was pristine and ironed, with a little badge indicating his rank of Lieutenant. Neil had been sure to focus on military discipline a lot these days.

A uniformed human man appeared at Phoebe's window. "Good morning, Miss Berthold! Here on business?" He smiled, and Phoebe noted that the gate was already cranking open for her.

"Oh no, not particularly, Henry. Say, have you been a good boy lately?"

His change in posture was hilarious! Henry snapped to attention and jerked his hand up to salute. "Yes, ma'am! Reporting for goodies! I mean duty!" Phoebe could almost see the drool building up in his mouth.

"Alright, I have two sweet-rolls. One for you, and one for Piper over there. He's always so quick with that gate!"

Piper, the Kitsune fox-man, woofed at her and waggledher tail excitedly. He could probably smell her treats from there. "Oooh, thank yooou Miss Berthooold! You're too goooood for us!" He howled and drew out a few of his words.

Kitsune were a lot like minotaurs, in that they had fox heads and lower bodies, but human torsos. It allowed them to grip weapons and guns with ease, while also giving them cute, pettable heads. Phoebe did have to wonder where these strange demihumans came from, since most of Bahamut's demonology books did not go into any detail on their origins.

Handing Henry the two goodies, Phoebe waved goodbye again and drove through the gate, up the ramp, and through the portal.

Phoebe's excursions were well known, and once she arrived in the Core, she drove down into the arena and parked her truck in a spot people had made for her. There was a little platform that spun, and it helped her turn around and face the right direction, so she did not have to back into the portal when she left.

Poking her fingers in her ears, Phoebe yawned to make them pop, then jumped out of the truck. The sound of heavy footsteps came thudding toward her, and a moment later, Kar popped into view, along with his little fairy assistant, Blinker.

"Hurgh. White-hair, I am always pleased to see you."

Phoebe nodded politely, then dipped into her basket. "Would you like a sweet roll, Kar?"

He shook his head. "Butterfly insists I go on a diet. My sincerest apologies."

"Darn right I do! This fatty barely leaves the Core!" Blinker fluttered around and landed on Phoebe's shoulder. "I'm always on a diet, but I might cheat today! Can I have some?"

Phoebe nodded, then tore off a small chunk of the roll. "Here you go."

Despite how small it was, Blinker could barely wrap her tiny arms around it. "Goodness! So generous! This will feed my entire extended family for the rest of winter."

Phoebe smiled at the tiny woman. She was stunning, though one would only notice if they squinted carefully. Her long, red, flowing locks were the opposite of Phoebe's short, straight hair. They bounced and curled all over the place. Even better was her taste in clothing. She wore a pretty green satin dress that adhered to her body and showed off her curves.

Blinker grunted and panted, as she flapped hard and flew over to land on Kar's shoulder. Phoebe could barely make out any details about her from this distance, but she was certain she was sweating.

She puffed up her cheeks and glared at Kar. "Hey! Don't say it! I know what you're thinking!"

Kar's lip trembled as he held in a chuckle. "Hu... huhu... I doubt I'm the only one who needs exercise."

"Kar!!" The fairy jumped to her feet and smacked his scaled face. "Jerk! Ass! I told you not to say anything!"

The Sphinx did not feel Blinker's slaps at all. Her body was physically weak, but her enchanting spells were quite formidable. If she went all out with her magic, Phoebe did not think Kar would remain unmoved.

...

An hour later, Phoebe plopped down beside Neil at his office desk as he adjusted a monocle over his eye and squinted to examine a piece of parchment. She did not like to pry, so she would not examine it closely. Knowing Neil, it was probably something related to the military.

A minute passed. Neil flicked his eyes up. "Yes, Phoebe?"

"Is that any way to talk to a friend?"

He smiled. "I'm just kidding. I thought you might pester me if I didn't say anything, but you have the patience of an owl."

"Well, that's one nice thing about me," Phoebe mused aloud. "I brought you a sweet roll. Last one!"

"Saving the best for last? Or did the good ones with icing already get picked?"

"Nope! I made sure you would get the drippingest wettest sweetest roll I baked."

Neil raised an eyebrow. "Miss Berthold. _Drippingest_ is not a word. What have I told you about inventing terms?"

"Umm, that it's quirky and cute?"

Neil smirked. "If God wanted that word to exist, he'd have created it."

"That's not how words work."

"Says the absent-minded peasant."

"To the stiff, uptight general."

Phoebe tried not to laugh as Neil frowned at her. "I-I'm not uptight."

"Of course not. Eat your treat, Neil."

He shrugged, immediately disregarded her playful poking, and snatched the roll from her hand. "Mmm. Remind me again why we don't enslave you and put you to work in the bakery all day long?"

"For the same reason that nobody challenges you to a swordfight."

"Because it's dangerous?"

"Because it's dangerous."

Another nod. Neil took a considerable bite out of the roll and looked away for a moment. "So, are you doing okay, Phoebe?"

"Of course. Why do you ask?"

He took another bite and chewed for several moments before swallowing. "Well, Jason's been gone for two months. I know he occasionally calls and speaks to you with his Wordsmithing, but, surely you're-"

"Oh, Neil. That's sweet of you to wonder, but I'm fine. I'm not a little girl who needs a big strong man around to keep me from bursting into tears."

Slowly, Neil licked his lips, then fanned his wavy brown hair further up his forehead. "Well, one of the men told me he saw you staring at a wall with a blank look on your face recently. I just thought... you know..."

"I'm fine, Neil. I was lost in thought, that's all."

"I see." Neil paused before quickly throwing the rest of the roll in his mouth. _Three bites and it's gone, wow._ Phoebe thought to herself. _He's unstoppable._

Phoebe raised an eyebrow. "Is that all?"

"Yup. If you say you're fine, then you're fine." Neil smacked his hands together and brushed the crumbs off, then adjusted his ponytail. "Those mobile rice replicators were a good idea, Phoebe." He said, changing the subject. "I've heard that many of our soldiers love them. Fairly light on power consumption, too."

Phoebe nodded. "The miniature fission reactors don't generate much power, but they were enough for my needs."

He continued, "Mind if I make a request, though? I've been thinking about developing a helmet that can see different bands of light. It'll help our exploration efforts immensely if we don't need flashlights."

Phoebe's nose crinkled. "Mmm. A helmet? Okay. I'll ask Hans. I'll need a few more specifics, though."

From outside the office, an alarm blared. _Intruder detected at turret perimeter. Single demon. Rank: Lord. Threat level: Low. Deploying non-lethal countermeasures now._

Neil rolled his eyes. "They never stop trying, do they? How many times are the turrets going to wipe out a platoon of skeletons before the demons wise up?" He sighed, then grabbed a paper out from under the one he had been reading when Phoebe entered. As he pulled it free, Phoebe noticed it was a drawing made in pen. "I sketched a mockup for Hans. It has the specifications I need for the helmet. Think you can get this to him?"

Slowly Phoebe nodded. She could not understand the technical aspects, though if she had been wearing Jason's Crown, she could have. "The design looks simple enough. Shouldn't take more than a day to get a prototype working."

Neil blushed. "Thank you, Phoebe. You're an angel. Honestly, with how hard you work, always making new devices for us, delivering us sweets, visiting the wounded in the hospitals... you should take a vacation."

Phoebe flinched inwardly, surprising even herself. "N-no, Neil. That's fine. I like working hard."

Neil sighed. "Ahh, I knew it. C'mon, you can't lie to me. It's written all over your face. You're only working so hard because it takes your mind off Jason."

Phoebe shook her head quickly, feeling a tinge of panic as she tried to come up with an excuse. "No, no, it's not that, Neil! It's... uh... it's..."

"It isn't that you miss him, right? It's that you're worried he'll get into trouble." Neil nodded knowingly. "I understand. You have the same look my wife had before I left to fight in the war. She would always get that anxious look on... on her..." Neil trailed off, and a ghostly expression passed over his face. "Though... I suppose she was right to worry."

The memory of what Bahamut took from him turned Neil's pleasant expression into one of bitterness. "I can't ever see Melia again. Shit. I was worried about you, and now look at me."

Quickly, Phoebe reached over and rested her hand on his. "Don't feel bad, Neil. I know you care. That's all that matters to me. Let's drop it, okay?"

Neil used his free hand and wiped a tear from his eye. "Yes, an excellent idea. Well, I ought to get back to work."

Outside, the alarm blared again. _Intruder detected at turret perimeter. Single demon. Rank: Lord. Status: Continuing to engage defensive perimeter. Requesting permission to deploy lethal countermeasures.._

"Ugh," Neil groaned. "That fella is a persistent one. I might as well escort you to your truck and see what all the fuss-"

**BOOM!**

A terrific explosion shook their room, causing the two of them to jump in fright and gasp involuntarily.

"What in the name of God was-" Neil did not finish his sentence, instead opting to jump out of his seat. "Ph-Phoebe! Are you all right?"

Phoebe nodded, her heart racing. "Yes! Let's check on the soldiers!"

By the time they made it to the doorway, the sound of blaster fire and screams of anguish rushed to their ears. Phoebe gawked and stared as a single demon stood by himself, the Great Doors thrown open, and blasted waves of fire from his palms into the crowd of panicked monsters and humans.

"B-battle stations!" Neil yelled. "Form a line! He's using flame abilities! Get the hoses- gwaugh!" A jet of flame raced at them, causing Neil to leap back and shove Phoebe inside his office. The fire barely nicked his back. He landed on top of her, accidentally slamming his elbow into her stomach and knocking the wind out of her.

"Kahk!" Phoebe gasped, unable to breathe.

"Phoebe! Oh god, Phoebe! I'm sorr- shit!" Neil leaped to his feet, quickly confirming Phoebe's injury was anything but fatal. 

Phoebe croaked out, "Guh-go! Lee-heeeave me!"

Neil nodded and dashed out the entrance, while Phoebe rolled around and writhed on the floor, gasping for breath.

All the while, the screams of her friends turning to ash filled her with rage.