"Sure, but the river of souls is drying up. The demons can't mutate more Barons and Dukes to replace those they'd lost."

"Perhaps. However, I worry about... about _Ose_. We don't know anything about her. She's the leader of our enemies, but we have no intel on how she works, or what her powers are. Doesn't that worry you?"

"A little. I know what magical acts Diablo, Satan, and Belial could perform. If Ose is an Emperor, she's probably as much of a monster as them."

...

The two humans sat on the bed beside one another and hazarded weak guesses regarding their recent defeat.

As for Ose?

She leaned against the wall and watched.

Her astral form afforded her many capabilities that others could only imagine. Reconnaissance. Infiltration. Sabotage. She found the deepest secrets of her enemies and studied their machinations from the inside-out.

_I am Ose, Third Emperor of all demons,_ she thought.

_I am... omniscient._ Ose thought.

Well, that might have been going a _little_ too far, but the insipid humans could not comprehend how badly she'd already beaten them at their own game. Hope and Neil, the so-called commanders of the human military, were little more than _pawns_ for her entertainment. _I know their intentions and their plans,_ she thought.

Jason had created Hope using Wordsmithing. His goal had been to create a backup for himself in case he should fall. A second Wordsmith, one who could stave off the demons if need be. The humans had gone to great lengths to protect themselves, but their efforts were all for naught. Ose's Astral Form, invisible and undetectable, allowed her to watch them plot and plan their next move. Countering their feeble tactics was simpler than beating Bael at a game of Chess. 

For six years, Ose had allowed humanity to stretch its tendrils inside the Labyrinth. _I have incurred some minor losses—typically grunts and lords who displeased me—but nobody essential to my grand plan,_ she thought. Her ultimate goal was to break humanity's spirit; to send them crawling back to their worlds where they would curl up in the fetal position and beg forgiveness for daring to stand against demonkind. In that light, a few casualties were more than acceptable for reaching her ultimate goal.

When humans had escaped her mental traps and taken a stand against their imprisonment, it had been the biggest slap in the face anyone had ever given her. _I take insults personally and never forgive a grievance,_ she thought. This time, when she smothered the last vestiges of faith from the little rats, she would not give them cushy castles and grain, but mud huts and gruel. The ancient treaties she had signed with the leaders of humanity had been long forgotten anyway. _They won't care if those separated from them by a hundred generations live in filth,_ she thought.

_Yes, my plans are all coming together now,_ Ose thought. _She who thinks through the ramifications of her actions may lose a battle, but she will inevitably win the war._

_I will win the war._ Ose thought.

The human commander, Neil, smiled at Hope. "Oh, sure. Take some time off. Don't have too much fun, though. If you're still there in a month, I might have to send in a rescue squad."

"No, I'll come back. Don't you worry about that, haha..."

Hope slid off the bed.

"**Clothes.**"

After speaking a few parting words with his commander, Hope vanished, leaving Neil behind. The Commander stared ahead listlessly for a long moment. A dumbfounded look slowly stretched across his face made Ose chuckle.

"I don't get it... how did they destabilize the nanites...?"

Neil's eyes lowered to his feet. "A mole, perhaps?"

_My chuckle increases in tempo,_ Ose thought. "Hahaha..." Soon, she leaned against the wall and clutched her stomach. "Hahahaha! HAAAAHAHA!!"

While Neil struggled with the deaths of a few subordinates, Ose desperately tried to retake control of her body, though the laughter would not stop! _It's too precious!_ she thought.

A minute passed. Neil stood up and headed to the door. After he left, Ose finally regained her mental faculties and wiped the tears of laughter from her eyes.

"Hoo... goodness! That was fantastic."

_A mole, hm? Neil isn't wrong, but his life would be much easier if he only had one double agent inside the Core,_ Ose thought.

Ose smoothed her white dress down and silently phased through the closed door. The hallway outside bent and twisted in different directions, with doors scattered all over for patients recovering from their wounds. She hovered forward, expanding her mind to locate the one she sought.

_It doesn't take me more than a few seconds,_ she thought. Fifty feet down the hall, Room 7 sat with its door cracked open. She slid inside and swallowed bile as she prepared herself for what she must do.

A human male lay in bed, staring up at the ceiling. _He and I are the only people here,_ she thought. Gathering herself, she reached out and touched his hand—a tiny spark of electricity arced off her finger. The man's body stiffened. His eyes shifted to her, and he bolted up in bed. "Ah! Miss Oshina!"

Ose forced herself to smile at him. "Henry, my beloved. I'm sorry I haven't spoken to you in weeks. You know how difficult it is for me to reform my spiritual body."

Henry's expression brightened. He nodded. "Yes, yes! The afterlife curse. You mentioned it before—no, never mind that! I did what you asked!"

Ose slid onto the bed beside Henry and caressed his hand. All he felt was a slight tingling on his skin, but still, his heartbeat quickened. _Like all men, he's a gullible fool—easy to twist around my finger,_ Ose thought.

"You did? That's wonderful, Henry. I've been lonely, drifting between the world of the dead and that of the living. Being without you was torturous—I hope you will forgive me." She lowered her eyes and pretended to pout, which only awakened his chivalrous instincts.

"It isn't your fault, Miss Oshina. It's the _demons'_ fault." Henry balled his left hand into a fist and gnashed his teeth. "They did this to you. Just like they did to Piper."

_Sometimes I wonder how I can stop myself from laughing,_ Ose thought. _Henry's idiocy has no limits, though he isn't much dumber than the average human._ "I spoke to Piper two days ago. He'll ascend to Heaven soon, my love. It's all because of your good deeds. The Creator was impressed by your feats against demonkind."

The wonderful thing about Ose's Astral Form was that she could change her physical body as she wished. _Henry doesn't see my demonic body, but a beautiful human woman instead—someone I've calculated to resemble his ideal mate,_ she thought. _I haven't a clue what I look like, but my appearance appeals to Henry, and that's all that matters,_ she thought.

Henry pulled his hand away from hers and wiped his forehead. "It felt wrong, though. Leading everyone into that ambush, I mean. Why did I need to lead Hope to that Vepar lady? Aren't the demons our enemy?"

"They are, my love. Do you remember what I told you the last time we spoke? Hope and Jason are agents of Satan the Devil. Don't you find it strange that they have the same magical powers as the demons, yet claim to be on your side? Humans can't use magic. It goes against the Creator's will."

Henry scratched his chin. "I suppose... it's just—I thought that the Wordsmiths had magical powers like the angels. If they're agents of the demons, why would the demons attack them? Why would we give them to the demons? I don't understand..."

_Tch. The young man is confused,_ Ose thought. _How unfortunate. When I manipulate emotions, it typically leads to humans thinking irrationally, which I can use to my advantage. However, there's always the chance that they start asking pesky, annoying questions._

"Henry..." Ose slid a little closer to him on the bed. "It's all part of the Creator's plan. Jason and Hope have Neil fooled. They're using their Wordsmithing to manipulate the minds of the weak-willed. You're stronger than them, aren't you? Didn't you tell me you could see through the lies of the demons?"

Henry nodded, perhaps a little too quickly. "Of course. Of course! I'm sorry. I didn't mean to trouble you. I'll do what the Creator wishes. He must have chosen me for a reason."

_I don't like it when men ask questions. Henry is perhaps getting a little too antsy for his own good,_ Ose thought.

She leaned forward and brought her face toward his. Waves of revulsion threatened to yank her away, but she persevered. _Being close to a male—a human male, at that—is usually enough to give me conniptions,_ she thought. She closed her eyes so that she needn't look at Henry, then pressed her forehead against his.

It only took a few moments. Several pulses of electricity overwrote Henry's higher thought processes, shutting down parts of his prefrontal cortex in the process.

_This 'treatment' won't last forever, but it should work for a while, similarly to the last one I did,_ Ose thought. _Doing it too often can lead to memory loss and other unwelcome side effects. I wouldn't want to draw the attention of someone with medical knowledge—especially if that person's name is Belial._

She pulled away and stifled a sigh of relief. _Being close to a human is a lot like sleeping with a hellhound. They're both animals with awful base desires, but at least Hellhounds have soft, pettable fur,_ she thought.

Henry's eyes turned blank for a few moments. He shook fog from his head and winced. "Ohh... Miss Oshina... I—I have this awful headache all of a sudden."

Ose rolled her eyes and put a cute lilt in her voice. "I'm _so_ sorry, Henry. I didn't mean to hurt your head. I'll leave..."

He quickly forced a smile. "No, no, don't go! Stay a while! Please. I don't want to be alone. Not after what happened earlier."

She echoed his smile, though hers was hollow and empty. "Alright. Anything for you, my love."

...................................................................

_I hate everything about humans, from their hair to their toes and all the rubbish in-between,_ Ose thought.

Her mind recalled to her body. She awakened with a shiver and rubbed her arms. 

Her empty, barren room beckoned to her. The sun beamed through her window, illuminating a single dresser against the far wall. She sat in her rocking chair, the only other item in her room of importance, and stretched. Her back popped, sending a wave of pleasure through her nervous system. Exercise was one of the few things she enjoyed in life unrelated to intellectual pursuits.

She strode over to her dresser and pulled it open. The top drawer held two dozen identical white uniforms, the middle held two dozen dresses, and the bottom was for undergarments.

Hmm.

_I'm in the mood to wear a uniform today,_ Ose thought.

_Sometimes I feel like wearing a dress, but sometimes I don't. I'm not like other women who constantly fret over their appearance. I either wish to maintain a professional appearance, or I wish to utilize my feminine charms,_ she thought. She had discovered a long time ago that men did not care about what a woman wore; it was always other women who judged her appearance. With that in mind, maintaining multiple, identical outfits cut out a lot of wasted time in her daily schedule.

_Efficient, resourceful, and contemplative. Those are the words I always use to describe myself. I waste nothing and push all of my resources to their maximum effectiveness,_ Ose thought.

It only took her a minute to change her clothes. She always moved quickly so as not to waste any time. Before walking away from the desk, she paused and glared at it. A speck of dust caught her eye.

White was the color of purity. It shone brightest in the darkness, but the slightest smudge dirtied it beyond repair.

Unacceptable.

"Amy."

Her voice was barely a growl, hardly audible even if someone were in the same room as her. Nevertheless, ten seconds later, the door to her room opened, and a human woman stepped inside. She bowed her head without meeting Ose's gaze.

"There is a smudge on my dresser. Dirt. Scrub this entire room from top to bottom. If I come back and find a speck of lint, expect to find your plate empty for the next three days."

The blonde woman nodded quickly and scurried out of the room. She came back a minute later with an entire toolkit, including rags, chemicals, and wood polish.

_Amy never says anything. She can't, as the scars on her throat and her lack of a tongue can attest,_ Ose thought. _I have only a few slaves living at my estate, but all of them are humans. None of them can speak, which is good. I prefer their silence,_ she thought.

Ose left Amy to clean every inch of her dresser inside and out. _She knows the price of failure. They all do. The demonstone mines are not pleasant this time of year—or ever, for that matter,_ she thought.

She strode out of her room and past a dozen others, all of them empty, doors closed. _Amy is the only house-slave, and she doesn't live inside. No, she sleeps in the garden, whether there be rain or snow,_ Ose thought. _I don't know how she's survived for tens of thousands of years, but she has. I suppose the nanobots humans invented during the Energy Wars made her hardier than the average woman,_ she thought.

_Perhaps one of these days, I'll kill Amy, and all the other slaves too. I despise humans, but since I can't bear the thought of enslaving a fellow demon, I have no choice but to rely on those I hate the most. How unfortunate that I've ended up trapped in a lose-lose situation,_ Ose thought.

After a minute of walking, Ose grew weary of the slow movement and began transmitting around at the speed of light, moving from here to there to check on various parts of her estate. Her inspection concluded uneventfully, and she found no other signs of dirt or grime anywhere. _Thank the devils,_ Ose thought.

_My mother always called me a perfectionist. She said I set my sights too high, but there was always a twinkle in her third eye,_ Ose thought. _I believe she admired my perseverance, no matter the odds._ There was no such thing as _good enough_. One could always aspire to reach a new plateau or achieve a new height. Accepting mediocrity was the first step toward heading nowhere in life. Too many demons had fallen into that mental trap, not least of whom was Diablo.

_Heh. Six years after the fact, I can't help but feel pleased that Diablo entered a coma,_ Ose thought. _With luck, by the time he awakens in a few hundred years, I'll have transformed the Labyrinth into a perfectly oiled machine. He'll be unable to offer any resistance and will beat his chest in grief as he accepts me as the permanent Third Emperor._

_No, that's not right. I'll eliminate Belial and take her place. I'll become the Second Emperor,_ Ose thought.

_Come to think of it, I've searched for thousands of years, yet I haven't the faintest clue who the First Emperor is,_ Ose thought. _To call him a crafty devil would be an understatement. Diablo swears the First exists, but I have my doubts. Why hasn't the First contacted me in six years? Is he little more than a false conjuration by that lazy oaf to retain power?_

_No matter. If the First Emperor exists, I will find him. I will make him bend the knee and accept me as the supreme leader of demonkind. If he doesn't, then Belial is the only barrier to my progress._

_I can't wait to eliminate her once and for all,_ Ose thought.

After concluding her inspection of the estate grounds, Ose left her residence and transmitted hundreds of miles from her mountain plateau to the valleys below in the blink of an eye. She arrived at the Hell Harbor Annex and gave it a quick once-over. What used to be a rather uninteresting entrance to her world had now become a miniature fortress encased in stone and steel. 

Dozens of Lords and even a few Barons patrolled the Annex. A few walked around outside, but the rest stayed inside. The moment one of the Lords spotted Ose, he nudged another Lord beside him, and they both stood at attention. "Halt! State your identity and the secret phrase."

She stopped before them and crossed her arms. "Ose. Third Emperor. I love purple dragons."

"What flower grows on Mount Chilau?"

"Trick question. It's covered in snow."

"How deep does the snowfall average?"

"Nine inches, but it once reached a record-depth of seven feet."

The guard nodded. "Welcome, Miss Ose."

She nodded back at him. "Keep sharp. Remember, our enemy includes at least one confirmed shapeshifter. I'll rotate the password in three days."

"As you wish, ma'am."

Ose strode inside the Annex, sparing the briefest of glances at the demonstone-lined room, which was now strong enough to withstand an atomic explosion. After seeing the destruction Beelzebub had wreaked several years ago, it was only natural to prepare for the worst. _Unlike the majority of demons alive today, I remember the levels of destruction humans once achieved,_ she thought. _I hope we never revisit those dark days,_ she thought.

Hardly had she walked ten steps into the annex before a baroness squirmed over to her. The sight of her face filled Ose with rage, but she contained her emotions.

"Vepar."

The ghoulish-looking demon, with her melted-red skin, bowed her head. "Ah, Miss Ose... I bring news regarding the attack on the Hero—"

"You failed. I already know."

She froze in place. "You... you know?"

"I do. To say I'm disappointed would be the greatest possible understatement I could make. I went to great lengths to deceive the humans, but you botched the job at the last moment."

She shivered visibly. "I... I apologize. The Sphinx appeared. He caught me off-guard, as did his forces. Before I knew it—"

"Stop making excuses. I don't care how powerful the mighty 'Sphinx' is, he's a monster, and you're a demon. A Baron, at that. You know how I treat failures."

Slowly, Vepar raised her head. She sent Ose a look of pleading. "Please, Emperor Ose, don't do anything rash. Give me another chance. We worked together during the Energy Wars! Surely you remember our promise?"

"I delivered on that promise. You did not. I told you that when I rose through the ranks, I would help you become a Duke alongside me. That was _before_ you ruined six years of planning. The humans know of your existence now and will develop counter-measures. You've put them on high-alert."

Vepar's expression turned sullen. "You... you don't mean...?"

"We're no longer partners. You served your purpose, only to falter when I needed you most. I'll find a capable replacement with ease."

The blood drained from Vepar's cheeks. "You... you can't abandon me! I helped you at every opportunity! I praised your leadership and spoke highly of you to Diablo on several—"

Ose cut her off again. "I can, and I will. In fact, your failure sickens me enough that I'm not simply casting you aside. I'm demoting you. You will rejoin the Lords until you've proven your capabilities again."

Vepar opened and closed her mouth several times as waves of shock raced through her body. "Th-th-that's... you... demons can't...?"

"Can't be demoted? True, the souls you've consumed will stay inside of you, but consider it a symbolic gesture. We will demolish your residence at Hell Harbor, and you'll stay in the Catacombs once more. Perhaps a reminder of how poor your life once was will strengthen your resolve."

"But—"

"Another word and I'll send you to the mines."

That shut Vepar up. She trembled. She stuffed rage and anguish deep inside of herself and bowed curtly. "Of course. I will reflect on your words of wisdom, _Emperor_ Ose."

Vepar spat Ose's titles out, and Ose smiled. She could protest all she wanted, but among demons, power was everything. Ose had it, and she did not. She could do nothing to Ose.

Ose watched as Vepar stormed away, trying desperately to fight back tears. _I might feel bad for her, but were I placed in her shoes, I would have succeeded,_ Ose thought.

_That is what differentiates me from the other demons. Animal cunning. The ability to size up my opponents in an instant,_ Ose thought.

_Sometimes, I find myself wishing there were another demon like me, one who understood that power is everything. Most of my people crave the influence and prestige afforded by the rank of Emperor, but few understand what it means to wield such authority._

_I am a speck of purity floating in a sea of muck,_ Ose thought.

_I am... alone,_ Ose thought.

A wave of emotion struck her in the stomach. She took a moment to lean against a wall. The sudden overwhelming loneliness was not an alien feeling. It was something she had experienced too many times to count. 

But... today... seeing Vepar walk away, someone she once considered a frien—no, a minion. Seeing her walk away, it hit Ose once again. _I have no close comrades. All I have is one broken monster of a brother,_ she thought.

_I wish, desperately, that I didn't feel this way,_ Ose thought.

Wiping her forehead, she pulled away from the wall and smoothed her white uniform down. It would have been unbecoming of an Emperor to have an emotional breakdown amidst the lower ranks.

"Awww, Mister Beelzebub! Are you suuuuure I can't come along?"

"Positive. Stay here."

A shrill and nasally voice tore Ose from her thoughts. It was followed by a deep voice, one that commanded attention even in a crowded room such as this. She swiveled her gaze around to see Beelzebub, the Duke of Inferno, standing beside his hideous assistant demoness. She was positively one of the grossest creatures among his species. If one were to tell Ose that her lineage came from goblins, she would have agreed.

Beelzebub's assistant stomped her foot. "But whyyyy? I wanna come along too! You always make me stay at Hell Harbor!"

"Don't you like it here?"

She nodded. "Oh, of course! But I like being with youuu even more~"

Beelzebub rubbed his chin. "Perhaps I should get you a pet hellhound. Then you can fawn all over it instead of me."

"Eee!! You're going to get me a puppy?! I always knew you cared!!"

Sensing Beelzebub's distress, Ose strode over to the two. "If you need Hellhounds... well, my mother was the progenitor of their species. I could give you one in return for a small favor."

The pinstripe-suited demon coughed, and a small stream of fire rushed through his hands before evaporating in the air. "Kah. Anything to shut this she-orc up. You hear that, Rosalia? The Third Emperor has a puppy for you."

Rosalia's smile disappeared. "I don't want _your_ Hellhound. I want Mister Beelzebub to pick one for me."

_Devils. Ungrateful, fat, and ugly. A trifecta of terrible. No wonder Beelzebub can't stand her,_ Ose thought.

Ose waved her hand flippantly. "Suit yourself. Beelzebub, what are you doing?"

"I beg your pardon?"

"In the Labyrinth. You're headed there. Why?"

The Duke sniffled, making smoke exhale from his nose. "I hear the humans suffered a grievous blow earlier today. I'm heading to the Core's outskirts to investigate."

_Interesting. I hadn't told anyone about the operation yet,_ Ose thought. _I kept it classified in case of leaks. Beelzebub must have built up a decent intelligence network to have learned about my plot already,_ she thought.

"Don't bother. I conducted a covert mission. My goal was to capture the Wordsmith. Unfortunately, the Baron I put in charge failed, allowing the Hero to escape."

Beelzebub tilted his nose up. "That must have put you in a sour mood."

"Somewhat. I've moved past Vepar's failure. I recently put the finishing touches on Operation Stormbringer."

Beelzebub's gaze flicked to Rosalia. "Stormbringer, you say? Rosalia. Leave us."

"What? But whyyy?"

Ose rolled her eyes. "It's top-secret information. Only Dukes and higher are allowed to know."

Rosalia's face sagged. "Aww... well, okay, then. I'll go. Bye, Mister Beelzebub! I love—!"

He shoved his hand into her face and pushed her away. "Don't make me vomit."

"Eeee!! You touched my face! We're moving forward in our relationship!!"

Beelzebub's cold, dead eyes met Ose's.

They shared a moment of solitude together, one which simply said, _we're surrounded by idiots_.

Ose gestured to a nearby portal and pulled him away from his frumpy, lumpy assistant. Once they were out of earshot and waiting for the portal to open, she muttered, "I don't know what you see in her."

Beelzebub shook his head. "You know the rules. Rosalia was assigned to be my personal maid. Once a demon receives a servant, they're bound for life."

A minute passed. Ose stared ahead at the portal while waiting for the Warper on the other side to receive the confirmation code.

"Is that a rule? The servant one, I mean?"

"I believe so. Why?"

"Who told you it was a rule?"

"Bael."

Several moments passed. A smirk passed over Ose's face. "He lied."

"Hm? What?!" Beelzebub's expression turned to shock. "No! Surely you jest!"

"I would never. Bael must have been poking fun at you. There is no such rule regarding servants. Not that I've heard."

Beelzebub stared at the side of Ose's face blankly for several moments before turning back to the portal. "Lucifer's tits. I can't believe that fat bastard—"

Ose immediately held a finger up. "Don't use that phrase in front of me."

"What phrase? Lucifer's—?"

"Yes. That one."

Ose gritted her teeth and exhaled.

"Lucifer was my mother."

Several seconds passed. Beelzebub clamped up and folded his hands in front of himself.

"My apologies. I meant no offense."

"None taken. I wish I knew who came up with that dreadful saying all those ages ago so I could take a knife and—"

Ose stopped herself mid-sentence. A smile spread across her face.

"Never mind. Haha... you're not like the other demons, you know?"

Beelzebub met her gaze. "How so?"

"I don't know. Something about you seems more familiar than I'm used to. I have a difficult time putting my finger on it."

Beelzebub shrugged. The portal finally opened. As they stepped through and it closed behind them, Ose turned to him. "Beelzebub, may I ask you a personal question?"

He sighed, breathing fire once again. "Haah, I suppose. I won't answer if it's _too_ personal, though."

"What is your goal?"

The Duke raised an eyebrow. "My goal? What do you mean?"

"You're the first demon to ascend to the rank of Duke since the Energy Wars. You must have pushed yourself harder than any others. My question is... why? To what end?"

Beelzebub smirked. "To achieve power. Why else? If I have power, I can remake the Labyrinth. I can change how our species lives."

_My breath catches,_ Ose thought. "B-but once you have that power, what would you do with it?"

Instead of immediately responding, Beelzebub looked away. His eyes swiveled around the Third Quadrant landing area, nearby the Basilisk Dens. Dozens of goblins and orcs wandered around, paying them no heed.

"Demons are inefficient. We fight over scraps rather than focusing our energy toward the future. The Overlords loom above us without our knowledge. Instead of fighting one another, I wish to make us work together to reach the pinnacle of our civilization. The Labyrinth is little more than an ever-expanding tomb. I wish to colonize the entire galaxy and beyond."

Ose nodded along to his words. A smile spread across her face.

"I assumed I was the only one who thought that way. Hearing you say such things is music to my ears."

Beelzebub met Ose's gaze. Several seconds passed.

The Duke glared at her. "Stop staring. You're giving me the same look Rosalia does. It's disgusting."

Ose blinked and looked away. Her cheeks flared up. "S-sorry. My apologies."

They started walking together toward some unknown destination. Guilt and distress washed over Ose.

_I apologized. To another demon. In my entire life... I've never done that over something so trivial,_ Ose thought.

It was at this moment she finally understood... She saw it now. Beelzebub was like her. Unsatisfied with the status quo. Willing to claw his way to the top to affect change.

_Toward Beelzebub, I feel..._ Ose thought.
