Part 722: Vulpanix's Will
Part 722: Vulpanix's Will

_Far-Future Era. Day 21, AJR. Volgarius._

To an outside observer, Volgarius might seem as if it had not changed much. Certainly, Mephisto had wreaked havoc, but 99% of the surface area was perfectly intact. Even if tens of billions of Volgrim had died, it was a tiny fraction of the population.

But the truth was, the loss of 95% of all Psions, including 99.99% of the military-level Psions, meant the Volgrim had been dealt a crippling blow. Psions were more than mere grunts to be disposed of in endless wars. They were efficient in all manner of construction-related tasks. They were researchers who studied worlds non-Psions could not traverse without special suits, armor, or vehicles. They were philosophers who pondered Truths of the universe. They were also spies who could infiltrate countless other lesser species, and who could keep an eye on the galaxy at large. 

They even served as early warning systems in the event of hostile incursions from other galaxies...

Thus, the deaths of hundreds of trillions of Psions was a loss beyond belief. In order to create a single 9th Level Psion, one who ultimately killed herself, 99.9999% of all the energy each Psion could harness had evaporated into the nether.

Mephisto's onslaught had ultimately collapsed more than 74,000 stratoscrapers. What would have taken a few hundred 6th Level Psions to stop, or perhaps a handful of 7th Level Psions, had instead taken hundreds of thousands of 3rd and 4th Level Psions to prevent a runaway collapse of the entire stratoscraper network. These Psions, powerful compared to Demon Dukes and Emperors, were simply too weak to hold up and reinforce even a single stratoscraper by themselves. Each one weighed a billion tons and towered miles into the sky. They were named stratoscrapers explicitly because they 'scraped' Volgarius's lower atmosphere!

Across the entire Volgrim Empire, there were fewer than ten 'elite' Psions in the 7th Level who remained among the living. All of them, except for one, had been located off-world when Demila slaughtered the worlds of Naandril I, Naandril II, and Naandril III. That single elite Psion was Confessor Vulpanix.

Thanks to her intervention, the crisis had barely been stabilized, and the further collapse of stratoscrapers had finally ended. But her body was still not fully recovered from when Hope Hiro had killed her. She was quite weak, and possessed nowhere close to the strength a full-power 7th Level Psion should.

It was now, 21 galactic days after the Wordsmith's apparent death, that she finally found time to rest. Her emotions turbulent, Confessor Vulpanix took a shuttle to one of the many nearly-empty Psionic Enclaves scattered across Volgarius. Using a shuttle was, in and of itself, something shameful. Psions never rode on board spaceships unless it was part of a specific job or a combined-species ship where their specific talents were needed, such as surveillance ships meant to study mud-dweller worlds. Her body was so weak and wracked with fatigue that she simply could not levitate or fly at a reasonable speed to traverse Volgarius's airspace.

Thus, she didn't.

When she entered the Enclave, she was struck yet again with a dull, pulsating sense of grief. There were still millions of Psion bodies that lay dead inside the Enclave. It was impossible to quickly clean up trillions of corpses across all the Volgrim-controlled worlds, especially when the Technopaths were stretched thin still trying to rescue survivors trapped inside the rubble of the collapsed stratoscrapers.

Vulpanix looked left, and she looked right. No matter what rooms she scanned, there were bodies laying on the floors, fallen onto tables, or slumped in chairs. Demila's attack had been so quick and brutal that many Psions had no time to react before their lives were extinguished. In the history of the Volgrim Empire, those who could sneak attack a Psion and kill them in an instant were barely countable on one hand, yet Demila had done so on a scale that boggled the imagination.

Vulpanix staggered over to the only empty room she could find; a conference room that apparently had no business happening at the time the Psions had died. She sat inside a chair and collapsed forward onto the table, her mind and soul tired beyond description. Her eyes closed, and she felt fatigue swallowing her mind.

In all Vulpanix's cycles, never had she felt as drained as she did now. Her body twitched with electric pain. She felt similar to a human who had been forced to run a marathon for three weeks straight with barely any water or food, and no rest.

Every muscle hurt. Every thought was pain. Even opening her eyelids was taxing.

The only reason she had made it this far was the stubborn belief that no lesser Psions should see her struggling. It was a form of ego etched into her bones.

Vulpanix chuckled mirthlessly. She remembered that it had actually been Demila who chastised her, when she awoke after her First Death, for looking weak and frail in front of others.

Demila.

The villain herself.

[Did you know...? I always... loathed you.] Vulpanix thought, her words projecting outward to no-one in particular. [I wish... I had been the one... to kill you. You ruined everything. Your greed... pathetic. Worse than a... mud-dweller.]

Emotions struggled to express themselves within Vulpanix's heart. Psions were hardy creatures. Their entire species' structure raised and bred them to be practically immune to emotions. They never felt sad. They never felt depressed. They rarely expressed anger or happiness. Emotions ran contrary to everything their lofty existences stood for. It was only when they were young, immature, and inexperienced that a scant few expressed any sort of strong emotions. In order to progress their Seeds, they always learned to strip those feelings away.

But now, all alone, inside an Enclave with nobody around who could see her...

...Vulpanix wept.

Her chest silently heaved. The formerly proud, lofty Psion was stricken with a sense of crisis. Never had she felt so alone, so frail, and so pathetic as at that moment. The knowledge that former comrades she once admired, former leaders she looked up to and envied, former warriors she hungered to surpass... were all dead? It destroyed her.

She was the strongest Psion alive now. Not because she had earned it, but merely _by default_. Merely because there were no others still alive she could compare herself to in the hopes of surpassing them someday.

Furthermore, she was far, far from the strongest that had ever lived. Among the 7th Level Psions, she was indeed considered the mightiest of her generation. But she was a spring chicken compared to the Executors, and a grain of sand compared to the Second Founder.

The Second Founder...

Vulpanix choked down a sob. She tried to rein in her emotions, but she was so broken-hearted that doing so was now one of the hardest things she had ever done. In that moment, she didn't even have the strength to lift an arm and wipe away her tears. She simply laid her head on the table and wept.

...

An hour passed. Vulpanix sobbed as much as she needed to. She rebuilt her mental barriers and chastised herself for her moment of weakness. But ultimately, she excused her actions due to the extenuating circumstances. During times like these, she thought it was okay so long as nobody witnessed her pitiful display.

Eventually, she sat up in the chair and focused her mind. She closed her eyes and began to meditate.

The world became silent.

She focused on regaining her vital energy. She used her exhaustion as a way of breaking past her previous limits.

Psions were not like other Sentients. They cultivated diligently, pursuing the dao of their predecessors, seeking Truths, and learning to use their powers to push past the limits placed upon them by the universe.

Thus, when a Psion had completely exerted themselves, that was when they were most capable of breaking past their limits.

With her body, mind, soul, and Psionic Seed exhausted, cracks were showing across Vulpanix's being.

But her eyes shone with determination!!

[I see now. The path before me is finally clear!]

Wild fluctuations of energy began to circulate around Vulpanix. Her Psionic Seed trembled violently, the cracks on its surface becoming especially pronounced as she began to enter a higher state of being.

The energy inside her body thickened. Her skin began to glow. Slowly, a phantasmal, illusory figure began to appear.

[Child... child... so young... so young...]

Vulpanix's eyelids pressed down against her face. Her forehead creased as the pressure of an Ancient Psion, formidable beyond belief, spoke to her from the Psionic Well.

[Ancestor.] Vulpanix said, stretching out with her senses.

The world around her faded away, and she found herself standing inside an ancient temple, one that was illuminated with torches, shadows flickering all around the hall.

Vulpanix was now seated atop a throne in the center of the temple. When she opened her eyes, she saw before her a female Psion wearing rags that barely covered her body. Her skin was colored green. She was covered in blackened bruises. Scars lined her skin, and she looked so frail and gaunt that it seemed as if a stiff breeze would knock her over.

But her body... radiated the divine power of a 9th Level Psion!

She was a Supremator, like Founder Dosena!

Her weakness was not a facade. She was so powerful that she could kill Vulpanix with a flick of her finger, but at this moment, she was clearly at death's door.

Vulpanix's eyes widened. She noticed the throne she was sitting upon, and hurriedly stood up, feeling too ashamed to be sitting in such a lofty position. She jumped away from it as if it were poisonous, then dropped to one knee and bowed her head reverentially toward the haggard figure before her.

[Supremator Lanuris.] Vulpanix said, quickly addressing the superior Psion she had immediately recognized. [Many times I have gazed upon your image, wishing I could meet you. This is... an honor. Words fail me.]

[Rise, child.] Supremator Lanuris said, waving her hand to lift Vulpanix to her feet. [I am nothing now. A shadow... of myself. Do not revere me. Do not envy me.]

Vulpanix's heart surged with emotion. Despite the sad image of a fallen Supremator standing before her, Vulpanix felt nothing but admiration and awe. Any Psion would. They all longed to rise to such lofty heights someday, even if the likelihood were essentially nonexistent.

[My child.] Lanuris said slowly. [You have witnessed many distressing things. I see through your worries. You fear that the end of the Volgrim Empire is nigh. You doubt your ability to protect its people.]

Vulpanix's eyes became slightly moist as she struggled to hold back tears again. [I am ashamed. My weakness is apparent at a glance.]

[Long has it been since I spoke to an Inheritor.] Lanuris replied, her eyes blinking ever so deliberately. [I have considered few worthy. The last one I spoke to was the one named...]

She fell silent for a long moment, then looked away, struggling to remember a name.

[...Nufaris. Yes. I remember now. I sensed in him the same potential I sense in you. A determination to surpass everyone else. A belief in his abilities that transcended common sense.]

The ancient Psion casually waved her hand in an outward arc. [Dispel any reverence you may have toward me. I am not worth admiring, child. Compared to you, I am truly nothing at all.]

[How can you say such words, Supremator?] Vulpanix asked in disbelief. [If it were not for the efforts of ancient ones such as yourself, our species would have fallen to the Sentinels. I am honored to be in your presence.]

A long minute followed. Lanuris gazed at Vulpanix with eyes that seemed to pierce the fabric of reality.

[So.] Lanuris said softly, lowering her eyes. [That is the history She teaches you. It is a kindness the likes of us do not deserve.]

Vulpanix blinked. She cocked her head. [Supremator?]

[What remains of me is little more than a minute, fragmented soul.] Lanuris said, her tone halting and pained. [The era I lived in was a bloody one, marked by Psion infighting. We were a brutal species. We killed, and killed, and killed some more. Everything we did was for our own selfish benefit. Among my fellow Supremators, I was among the worst of them.]

She shook her head.

[You have not been taught the Truths of those ancient times. Perhaps that is for the best. Since you have appeared before me, it is likely due to Her will. She wishes for me to bestow a Comprehension upon you, one that will allow you to become a pillar of our species.]

Vulpanix's expression flickered. [Are you referring to... the Second Founder?]

[Indeed. Supremator Dosena is the greatest Psion who has ever lived.] Lanuris answered, but her tone was notably bitter and slightly tinged with resentment and awe. [Even though she killed me, I could not utter a word of complaint. She had the right to do so. I lived and died by the philosophy she weaponized against me... as did all the other Supremators.]

By now, Vulpanix's look of awe had visibly faded. She was growing more confused by the minute.

[Supremator Lanuris, are you saying that Founder Dosena controls the Psionic Well?]

[Of course.] Lanuris answered without hesitation. [She chooses who rises and who falls. She judges all Psions. Did you believe that the Psionic Well had existed since time immemorial? Silly child. It was Founder Dosena who created the Well, in order to create a new paradigm for all future Psions to follow.]

Vulpanix's pupils shrunk to pinpricks. This was something she had never heard in all her cycles alive! She was shocked beyond comprehension! Beyond belief!

[She... created the Well?! She killed the other Supremators? What- why? How?!]

[That is not for me to say.] Lanuris answered quietly. [Since she has chosen for you to speak to me in this time of the Empire's greatest need, she has also chosen to inform you of its greatest secrets. After we are done, you must go to see her, child.]

The Supremator blinked her eyes heavily. She seemed more tired than when she had first appeared.

[My child. I am truly proud to see what the Psions have become under Dosena. Unfortunately, the mass-casualty event brought about by the greed of Creator Demila is beyond description. It is entirely possible that the Second Founder has lost faith in herself. In my heyday, she was the Psion I looked up to and feared the most. Her willpower was so terrifying that nothing could stop her. Not even the machinations of enemies too strong for her to ever defeat. Not even the limitations of her own biology...]

Lanuris sighed.

[Dosena believed that the Psions would become stronger if they ceased their constant infighting. Our unending conflict was not something a child like you could fathom. Entire worlds were left scorched in the wake of our civil wars. During the eon since the ending of the Great Wars, it has been my pleasure to witness the complete cessation of inter-Psion conflicts. But, looking back, I do now wonder if Dosena's forceful alteration of the natural order was perhaps... _overzealous_.]

After a moment, Lanuris shook her head. [Never mind the ramblings of a long-dead relic. It is not my place to judge the Second Founder. Even if she erred, her intentions were noble, and her character upright. More importantly, this is _your_ ascension. I am running out of time to bequeath you the Comprehension you have rightfully earned.]

Vulpanix straightened her posture. She listened intently as Lanuris waved her wand and began to conjure a projection of energy before herself.

[You are a Temporal Manipulator. I am not. My Comprehensions in Temporal Mechanics are minimal at best. But when I was still alive, I was considered the foremost authority on Biological Manipulation.]

[Biological Manipulation?] Vulpanix asked.

[I am not surprised you have not heard of it.] Lanuris answered mildly. [I pioneered this branch of Psionics myself, but it has gone extinct over the last eon. In fact, most Supremators pioneered a branch of Psionics. But never mind that. Biological Manipulation focuses on constructing and deconstructing biological entities at the cellular level. It is a highly technical branch of Psionics that very few are adept enough to master. One must already possess a high level of Brain Enhancing to even begin; a criteria which you luckily fulfill.]

She continued. [My discipline of Psionics is the bane of Body Enhancers. Biological Manipulation allows one to tear through even the most fortified bodies known to Volgrim by uncovering the tiniest biological weaknesses and striking them with one's full force. At the same time, if you master it to a level comparable to myself, you will gain the ability to strengthen and mutate your form through focused intent.]

[Mutate my form?] Vulpanix pressed. [Why would I do such a thing?]

Lanuris smirked. [Child, look upon my visage. Do I seem weak and frail to you? My appearance is a deception. When I was alive, my body was stronger than any Body Enhancer, even the mightiest ones you no doubt have read about in the historical ledgers. Body Enhancing is a simple and brutish way of simply empowering one's cells with raw psionic energy to enhance their physical power. But Biological Manipulation? It is a curated and focused effort to carefully enhance every facet of one's being.]

Suddenly, Lanuris moved. She rushed at Vulpanix, startling her when four arms erupted from Lanuris's back. Lanuris grabbed Vulpanix and smashed her into the ground, dragging her backward before lifting her up and slamming her back into a sitting position on the golden throne.

Vulpanix's eyes trembled with shock. This was merely the faintest wisp of Lanuris's ancient soul, but she still wielded such frightening power!

Just as quickly as Lanuris attacked, she released her grip on Vulpanix and let her go. Lanuris retracted her arms, and they seamlessly melted into her back as if they had never existed.

[Biological Manipulation is a powerful combat art. But more than that, it is a science and a discipline. If you are willing to learn, I will impart my Comprehensions upon you. But it will be up to you to progress past the minimum of my teachings.]

Vulpanix's heart beat faster after witnessing the striking power of her superior. She climbed out of the throne and dropped to one knee.

[Supremator. I am honored by your acknowledgment. I will do everything in my power to revive your ancient Psionic discipline. Please teach me...]

[Very well. Listen carefully, for my time here is limited.] Lanuris said sagely, her eyes glowing as she began to recite her Mantra.

...

...

An unknown amount of time passed. Vulpanix sat cross-legged in front of her new mentor, listening intently as Lanuris's voice began to grow fainter and fainter.

[Thus, it is only by focusing your mind that you will be able to look deeper and deeper into the gaps between atoms.] Lanuris said. Her voice was now growing so weak that it seemed she was on her last legs. [Alas. Our time has ended. This is all the knowledge I can pass on to you, child.]

[I offer my thanks, ancestor.] Vulpanix said, bowing her head respectfully. [I will contemplate your words until I have fully comprehended them.]

[You may be the last chance for our Empire to prevail, child.] Lanuris said, her eyelids growing heavy. [Once you have solidified your Seed, go to Dosena. She is waiting... for you. It is time... for you... to learn the Truths you must know... to support our people.]

Her body turned hazy. Then, like smoke in the wind, it vanished.

Vulpanix lifted her head. She stared at the spot where her ancestor had been sitting, then sighed.

[I will remember your words. Always.]

Moments later, her body erupted with power. Vulpanix roared to the heavens as her Psionic Seed exploded with violent force, then shattered and reformed!

A surge of energy shook Volgarius. All around the planet, countless lower Psions whirled to look in her direction. They gasped as they sensed the ascension of a new Executor.

[The Founders guide us! The Founders protect us! We have not been abandoned! All hail Executor Vulpanix!]

Vulpanis's eyes turned golden as she stood up within the Enclave. Her weakness was gone. Her body had healed, and she had fully acclimated her True Soul with its vessel.

Vulpanix stood up. She levitated into the air, then flickered upward, arriving in the stratosphere. Below her, countless lower Psions looked up with awe in their eyes. For the first time since Demila's rampage, they sensed the power of a High Psion protecting them from above.

[Hear me!] Vulpanis shouted, her voice projecting across the entire world of Volgarius. [I am Vulpanix! I am the only living Executor of our species! But I will NOT be the last! More will arise! Whether it takes ten cycles or ten million, more will Ascend! Our species will not go out with a whimper! We will stand tall and fight back against our dark fate!]

A surge of rage rushed through Vulpanix's veins. She shakily pointed a finger up to the sky.

[Do you hear me, Archangels?! DO YOU HEAR ME?! So long as I live, I will never bow to you! I will never admit defeat! I will fight even when the battle has ended! Even if my body is brought to ruin, the last scraps of my consciousness will defy you until nothing is left of me!]

[This is my will! This is my Seed! I promise to bring your machinations to ruin, foul usurpers!!]

All across Volgarius, Psions, Technopaths, and Changelings lifted their heads and cheered. They could not help it. Their hearts had fallen to the pits, and even if she was 'only' an Executor, she represented the faintest light of hope for their species.

Humans could cling to hope, and so too could the Volgrim.

Inside the Founder's Thumb, Unarin sighed. Then he chuckled.

"Well, _that's_ going to make diplomacy a little harder. But then again, I suppose if my job were too easy, it wouldn't be any fun..."

The First Founder took a long sip of wine as he contemplated his future options...