_A few weeks later._

The specialized computer console before Jason illuminated its words with heatmapping instead of visible light. Thanks to his infrared vision, he could now make out the letters and shapes onscreen. From what others had told him, all they could see was a white screen. Talk about the ultimate privacy filter...

Jason's goal that day was to create new technology blueprints for a machine he had built two weeks ago; a Star Trek-style replicator.

Capable of transforming raw electrical energy into objects with mass, the machine was a feat of engineering previously well beyond his reach. The only reason he had been able to create it was thanks to the mental acuity the Crown had granted him. Of all the things he had owned in his life, nothing came anywhere close to Solomon's Crown.

The Crown filled in the details in his mind as he built the thirteenth blueprint: an energy rifle. He rapidly typed on the Braille keyboard using senses that he had enhanced with his Wordsmithing, and the replicator accepted his inputs once he finished.

The stress on his mind was much worse than when he Wordsmithed, but at the same time, the replicator did all the work once he had input his specifications. He had built this system so that he could create new tools, armor, and weapons for humanity without having to worry about his spiritual energy levels. Makoto seemed to approve, and he knew the military was grateful for faster production options.

Still, even with a fusion reactor, it took a while to replicate new objects. He would build massive replicators later for tanks and vehicles, but his head ached thinking about all the mental strain that would entail.

A slight dizzy spell grabbed Jason as he leaned away from the computer. Hans Wagner noticed, and he walked over to check on him.

"You are done vith zee blueprint, Mein Lieber?"

Jason mopped his forehead wearily. "Y-yeah. Something like that. You can start synthesizing energy rifles whenever you feel like it."

Hans nodded. "Once vee have finished zee personal shield from zee last batch, I vill begin making zee energy rifles. However, I think you should take a break. Your complexion is looking quite ghastly."

"You think so? Maybe you're onto something." Jason glanced down at his hand and noticed it was trembling. _Taxing my brain has a bunch of side effects on my whole body. Good to know._ Jason thought.

"Oh, oh, no." Hans squinted to stare at Jason's face for a moment, then pulled out a handkerchief from his shirt pocket. "Ah, Herr Jason, zees is for zee nose."

"Nose?" Jason echoed his words, then felt wetness on his lips. Taking the handkerchief, he dabbed at his nostrils and realized they were bleeding slightly. "Shit. Sorry, this is a little embarrassing. I'll magic you up a new one so that you don't have to wash the blood out of this."

Hans shook his head. "Nein, zere is no need. Take zee day off. You've been slaving avay day and night! Nobody vants to see you in a coma again."

"Oh, alright. Thanks."

Nodding, Jason staggered to his feet and stumbled through the factory. Not many people worked there, and those who did typically helped transfer replicated items to other divisions and areas — maybe two dozen staff in total.

Hans's assistant stopped when she saw him. "Are you alright, Commander Jason? You look like you're having trouble walking."

"I'm fine, Debra. I just need some fresh air. Have you seen Phoebe?"

"Miss Berthold? Last I heard she was visiting the Core to discuss our next incursion. She should be back within the hour."

"That's what I wanted to hear. Thanks."

"Anytime, Commander."

She hesitated for a moment before walking away, and Jason smiled to himself about nothing in particular. He technically led humanity, and everyone knew he was the Hero who had saved them from Bahamut, but he did not have an official title. Phoebe called him 'Your Grace,' though she was growing out of the habit slowly, while Neil Adams called him 'My Liege,' and others called him 'Commander.' He really ought to determine military rankings at some point.

Rows of machinery, including a line of sewing machines and a mechanic shop, spread out across the building, their whirrs and clicks telling tales of people and monsters crafting and fixing things for the general population. The door outside radiated warmth as the early Fall sun beamed down on the lands.

When Jason stepped through, a current of air breathed down his neck, its temperature lower than the glaring daylight implied it should be. Winter was coming; it seemed. The shiver down his back woke him up, and his stupor vanished. _I guess I really did need a breath of fresh air. Go figure._ Jason thought.

The Factory, or the Rust Bucket as some called it, sat about half a mile north of the palace. Even further north, over the ridge and down in the canyon below, Tarus II's forest stretched out for a few miles before eventually arriving at the warpgate installation.

Lately, Kar had raised concerns about the potential for demons to use Warpers and teleport into Hero City, thus attacking them at the heart of their infrastructure. He was right, of course. Jason took concerns about security earnestly and was debating deploying mechanized troops for day and night surveillance. With the threat of snow and the bitter cold encroaching on their doorstep, he was worried about not only a demon invasion, but also about leaving troops out in the freezing weather.

If only he could look into the future, his life would be so much easier. Maybe he should see if Wordsmithing could bypass the boundary of time. 

_That's a scary thought. The last thing I'd want is to create paradoxes and tear apart the universe by accident._ Jason thought.

Messing with time was a recipe for disaster. Marty Mcfly had taught him that much.

Minutes passed as Jason paced down the street, inhaling deeply and kicking his legs out with more effort than usual. He tried and shook some life into them, but his actions did not accomplish much. Sitting on a chair for hours was uncomfortable, no matter how much padding he slapped down. He was not the office-drone type.

By the time he entered the palace, walked down the lobby and passed several people, he was about ready to go back to work and start on another blueprint. Such was the curse of a lazy workaholic.

Jason arrived in front of his room. Once he opened the door, his spherical vision illuminated the inside and- uh...

Phoebe lay on his bed, conked out, breathing silently. Her boots were still on, and she had not changed into her night-time clothes yet. Her room was right next to his, so she must have mixed them up. This was not the first time, and he would not complain.

Jason kicked his shoes off but caught them with telekinesis before they _thud_ onto the ground. Once that was done, he set the Crown on his dresser and silently glided over, eased onto his bed, and lay down beside Phoebe to rest his eyes for a moment. He knew from experience that his pupils were like miniature flashlights, and on more than a few occasions, he had startled her when she saw his eyes in the darkness.

Feeling the bed move made Phoebe's breath catch for a moment. She blinked her eyes open and yawned. "Jason?"

"Yeah. Hi."

"Oh. Sorry. I ended up in your room again." She gripped the covers and pulled herself closer to him, then flopped an arm and a leg across his body. "I hope you aren't mad."

"Exactly the opposite," Jason murmured, before leaning over and kissing her forehead. "As soon as you stop stalling and marry me, we can do this all the time."

She rubbed her nose on his side to itch it, then lolled her head back. "I can't do that. We've barely been together a few months. We have to take things slowly. Besides, there are all these preparations to attend to..."

"Excuses, excuses." Jason poked her gently in the ribs. "You know, if we did things the way people did in my time, marriage wouldn't even be necessary."

"Not necessary? For shame. Marriage is a sacred vow, Your Grace."

"You're still calling me that?"

"Oops." Phoebe pulled away from him and adjusted her shirt. "Sorry. It's been a long day. Adams received more requests from low-level imps to join our society, along with some Gargoyles, a Succubus, two Sirens, and another Minotaur. None of them appeared to be double agents, but you know what Kar says..."

"It only takes one," Jason said, finishing the sentence for her. "Right. Well, worst case scenario, we-"

Before he could continue, the phone beside him rang, making him damn near jump out of his skin. "Son of a bitch!"

Phoebe played it cool, but Jason could tell she was a little startled too. "Want me to get it, or is the big strong man scared of some ringing?"

"I got it, I got it," Jason replied, before grabbing the phone. "Yeah?"

"Hurgh. Turtle, I hope I am not disturbing you. Gearhead said you had gone home for the day, but this is somewhat important."

_Gearhead? Oh, right, he means Hans._ Jason thought. Sometimes Kar's nicknames could get a little confusing. "I was thinking of taking a nap, but if you need me, I can pop over for a visit."

Kar cleared his throat. "Hurgh. Blinker has returned, along with two demons. You might have forgotten, but I sent her off a couple of weeks ago to-"

"No, no, I remember. Yeah, I'll drop by. Have they said anything?"

Jason could almost hear Kar shake his head. "Nay. I haven't yet spoken to them about the Black Witch. If you'd like, I can ask them before you hang up."

"Not necessary. I'll be right over." Without saying 'goodbye,' Jason clicked the phone down and sighed. "Alright, I'll be back in a bit."

Phoebe rubbed her eyes. "Was that Kar or Neil?"

"Kar. He wanted to know how my day was going and if he could set me up on a date with a cute redhead from accounting."

Phoebe slugged him. "Ass."

Jason smirked. "Kidding! Blinker brought some friends back from the Labyrinth. I'm going to head over there and ask them about Roland's world."

"Oh! Well, that's... wonderful news." 

Despite her positive words, Phoebe's expression stayed neutral. Jason could make it out even with total darkness in the room.

"Problem?"

"No, no." She pulled herself into a sitting position, and Jason mimicked her movements. Phoebe inhaled audibly. "It's just that once again, you're about to face off against that monstrous little girl. After what she did to you... you're still too kind. I know you haven't the heart to kill her."

_Oh man... not this talk._ Jason thought.

Jason pulled away and swept his legs off the side of the bed. "I'm a Wordsmith, Phoebe. I have a trillion different ways to handle any situation. I can freeze Amelia in carbonite or something. Violence isn't the only answer."

Phoebe crossed her arms. "Amelia slaughtered Roland's entire homeworld, Jason. All the humans, animals, and plant-life died because of her. She deserves the worst end possible."

"The guillotine?"

"Basically."

Jason exhaled and climbed off the bed. "I'll worry about Amelia when the time comes. I don't agree with capital punishment, morally, at least. It doesn't sit right with me. I believe in rehabilitation and redemption, where possible."

Phoebe jumped to her feet. "That's always your reply. If you'll excuse my impudence, I'll come with you and hear what she's been up to."

"Sounds good. Want me to drive?"

Phoebe pulled her socks and boots on. "No, I'll drive. I'll even take it easy since you're all tuckered out."

"Pff. You were snoring like an avalanche when I showed up."

"N-no I wasn't!" Phoebe gawked at him in the dark, then fumbled around. "Can you turn on the lights? I can't find my other boot."

"Sure."

............................................

Twenty minutes later, they cruised down the road, and the engine silently hummed as the trees glided past them on the left and right. Phoebe, ever the kind soul, had hitched a trailer full of supplies and weapons for the Core to her truck. Using it instead of Jason's Ferrari had been a good idea.

She hummed along to some tune in her head and tapped on the wheel. After a few minutes, she asked, "Say, Jason, your Crown allows you to make blueprints for the replicator, right?"

"Mhm." Jason touched the Crown, self-consciously checking to make sure he was still wearing it.

"Well, I was thinking.... why not let someone else use the Crown to make blueprints? Then you wouldn't be cooped up in the Rust Bucket all day. You could use your Wordsmithing to make other items or do other things instead."

"Uhh... I don't know about that." Jason's gut squeezed together reflexively. "The Crown is an ancient artifact. It can't be taken off someone's head unless they consent or die. Hell, even when I was comatose, you couldn't take the Crown off, remember? I had a terrible rash after my recovery."

Phoebe nodded. "Okay, I understand. Giving it to Hans would be a bad idea, then?"

Jason chuckled. "Heh, yeah. To say the least. I mean, the guy used to be a Nazi."

"A Not-see? I think you mentioned it once. Oh! When you first met him!"

Jason folded his arms together. "Yeah. There's a bit of history involved, and it's kinda lengthy. Let's just say the Nazis gave Amelia a run for her money when it came to the business of exterminating human life."

Phoebe's expression darkened, and she turned to stare at him. "What? You can't be serious!"

"Eyes on the road, sweetheart. And yes, I am. They rounded up millions of humans of a different nationality and exterminated them en-masse. It was brutal. Most people didn't find out until a decade had passed."

She cocked her head. "What is 'a different nationality?'"

"Well, uh, think of King Arthur. Surely he had enemies from other nations?"

"The Saxons, yes."

"Alright. Well, imagine that after capturing hundreds of Saxon prisoners, he then suffocated them all, one by one, including their wives and children."

"Oh." Phoebe relaxed slightly. "That doesn't sound as bad as I was expecting."

"What?!" Jason nearly broke his neck swiveling to gape at her.

She looked at him quizzically before turning back to the road. "Well, if you're at war, then killing your enemies is only natural. If you keep them as prisoners, you'll have to feed and keep them alive, and then you'll have to worry about revolts... at least, that was the case for Arthur."

"Okay, that's a fair point, but the difference is that the Nazis killed people who lived among them peacefully. It would be as if Arthur declared that all people with a different eye color were heretics. Do you see the difference?"

A flash of recognition appeared in Phoebe's eyes. "Yes, I understand how that could be disconcerting."

"To say the least," Jason muttered. "Sometimes you worry me, Phoebe. You can be gentle, yet vicious and cold-hearted at the same time."

"I would argue that I'm merely pragmatic," Phoebe replied, while tugging a stray hair into place behind her ear. "You can't save everyone. Sometimes you have to let someone die to save another life, or give up on idealism and finish off your mortal enemy. War is messy, and pragmatists tend to win, not idealists."

Jason let silence fill the air for a few moments. "So, which was King Arthur? An idealist, or a pragmatist?"

Phoebe shook her head. "Neither. He was a Hero. Thus, he did what was needed. I wavered, not him."

Her eyes blanked out for a moment. "I should have atoned instead of fleeing and falling into Bahamut's trap."

"Then we wouldn't have met," Jason countered. "I thought you believed in fate, destiny, and all that other mushy stuff?"

Pursing her lips, Phoebe forced a smile. "That's a good point, Jason."

In the distance, the warp-gate came into view. Jason leaned back in his seat. "Anyway, going back to the original topic, I wouldn't give the Crown away unless it was to someone completely trustworthy. Like you."

"Me?" She cocked an eyebrow. "What would I do with it?"

"Make blueprints for the replicator. Stuff like that. It's not a bad idea. I'd rather you have the Crown than Hans."

Phoebe did not reply for nearly a full minute. The gears turned in her head. "I'm not good at creativity, Jason. You come from hundreds of years after me. You can easily think up crazy inventions, but that isn't my forte. Besides, what if I go power-hungry and decide to keep the Crown? You'll have to kill me to get it back."

Jason snorted. "Pfft. Like that'll happen. I'll seduce you into taking it off."

"Just the crown?"

"Maybe a few other things, too."

She winked at him. "Your mind is always in the pig trough."

"Yeah. Anyway, the Crown does all the work. All you need is to think of a problem, like making a weapon that can cut through steel, and the Crown will help you design something suitable. A vivid imagination helps, but you'll do fine."

Phoebe sighed. "I was only suggesting it, but you're acting as if you've already made up your mind. Don't tell me this is all so you can get out of working at the Rust Bucket."

Jason crossed his arms. "I'd be lying if I said that wasn't a part of it."

Phoebe slugged him in the shoulder. "Ass!"

Jason smiled. "Kidding."

Phoebe reminded Jason of Amelia sometimes. The two of them were not as different as they thought.

...

Minutes later, they arrived at the warp-gate, and thanks to a vehicle access ramp Jason had constructed, along with enlarging the portal somewhat, he had made it possible for her to drive her supplies straight into the Core.

They passed through the gate, and several monsters quickly shimmied out of the way as Phoebe drove down into the arena below. She slowed the truck to a stop. "Special delivery from the Berthold Trucking Company!"

Several orcs walked up to the truck. "Ready to work! Something need doing?"

Phoebe hopped out of the driver's side and jerked a thumb to the trailer hitched to the back. "Haul the food and weapons where they're needed."

"Be happy to!" The orcs ambled to the back of the rig and started unloading. 

Phoebe slammed her door shut. She and Jason walked over to Kar, whom Jason had already spotted. His giant blue form stood out in a crowd. A flicker of heat flitted around him, revealing Blinker's presence.

"Kar! Sorry it took me a little while to get here."

Jason grinned at Kar, but he did not return the smile. "Ah, Turtle, there you are. I have... bad news."

Jason stopped and stared at him. The look on his face, though hard to make out thanks to his cold blood, was rather ominous. "And that would be?"

"We haven't told Roland yet." Kar gestured to two demons in front of him. "These two are Hernox and Fernox. Go on, tell him."

Jason examined the demons. They appeared to be Scythers; demons who had two massive swords for arms. Their blades were sharp enough to slice through steel. While not the most intelligent Variants, they were great at tearing through the frontline of an enemy army.

The first one, Jason thought Hernox, raised a sharpened limb. "I already told the green-skin what I know. The Council destroyed the Black Queen's hideout. The whole planet."

Jason's jaw dropped. "What?! When- no, _how_ did they manage that?"

"We cannot say. All we know is that the planet is gone. They destroyed it entirely."

Phoebe's expression was numb. "Incredible. How... how could anyone..."

A realization dawned on Jason. "Amelia may have been on the planet. She might be dead."

Fernox leaned forward, his beard spilling past his staff. "Rumor has it that there was an awe-inspiring battle. Emperor Diablo sent out his three mightiest Dukes to duel the Black Queen, but alas, she was the victor."

Hernox continued from his brother's words. "Agares, the Duke of Reptiles, died. Barbatos, the Duke of Steel, suffered gruesome wounds. Only Mephisto, the Duke of Mist, was able to escape unscathed. His ghost-form allowed him to evade her attacks."

"Jesus Christ," Jason coughed out painfully. "Amelia battled _three_ Demon Dukes and won? That doesn't sound like the Amelia I know."

Kar clasped his claws together thoughtfully. "The Frilled One consumed a world of human souls. Her power may be greater than that of the Emperors."

Fernox shook his head. "The Emperors sealed her planet from accessing the Labyrinth and destroyed it. Those are the rumors whispering throughout the gambling dens of late. She is long dead."

It took Jason a moment to gather his wits. "Maybe. Let's find out. **Locate.**"

The Scythers stared at Jason silently for a moment before his eyes seemingly tore from his skull and flew into the sky, then raced through a void of blackness. Faster than he had ever traveled before, images of monsters, demons, humans, and far more zipped past him as he sped through the Labyrinth. Walls and ceilings did not impede him, and eventually, his eyes slowed to a crawl. A portal appeared in an unmarked corridor.

Passing through the portal, Jason's vision appeared on the surface of an unknown world. The sun beat down, warming an ocean as it gently washed against a sandy beach. His eyes flew away, over a mountain, through trees, past villages made of wood and straw, and into a clearing where he eventually screeched to a stop in front of a familiar face.

Amelia.

Jason swallowed involuntarily. 

The child he had known several months ago was gone. She had become a fully-grown woman, one with long white legs, flowing black hair, cherry-red lips, and a torn blue sundress clinging to her skin. The dress was far too small for her, revealing dips and curves where it should hang loose. Jason smiled wryly, realizing that his eyes worked. Locate gave him his vision back temporarily.

Seeing her was torture.

_She's so beautiful, sensual, in a way that Phoebe isn't. Phoebe's purity is the exact opposite of Amelia's violent sexuality. If Phoebe is the light, then Amelia is the darkness._ Jason thought.

Amelia stomped forward and frowned. "Oh, come on! I'll get new clothes later!"

The sword at her side, Dellfingler, chirped happily, "Why wear anything at all? Run free! Clothes are suffocating! Trust me; I'm a sword!"

She swatted the weapon. "Idiot! Pervert! You're worse than Jason!"

Hearing her say his name made Jason's heart catch. He quickly pulled away, flying back through the aether to return to his body.

_Amelia isn't sexual. She isn't enticing. I can't be a guy... not this time. She's a monster. I have to kill her. However, I don't have to like the idea._ Jason thought.

Suddenly, Jason was back in his body. He stumbled slightly and inhaled. "She's alive!"

His tone sounded happier than it should have. Too late, Jason noticed Phoebe glaring at him. "Don't get all choked up or anything."

Kar shook his head. "So the Frilled One survived the destruction of the planet. Unfortunate. How could she have done so?"

"A portal." Jason leaned his head back slightly and rubbed it. "I passed through a portal at some point. She's on a new planet, likely devouring the humans there."

Fernox grumbled. "Perhaps she can open up portals."

Hernox nudged his brother. "Or she has an ally among the Warpers."

"It's unfortunate either way," Phoebe muttered before crossing her arms. "And here I thought we'd been handed a gift on a silver platter. What now? Will you go to face her?"

Jason did not need to think of a response. "Not a chance. She defeated three Dukes. I can't hope to beat her as I am now. I need to find that portal. I also need to come up with a way to overcome her new power."

Neil walked over and added his two cents. "Perhaps you should ally with the demons. Maybe, with the help of an Emperor and Dukes, you could overwhelm her."

"And reveal himself to them? That's suicide!" Phoebe immediately jumped in to shield Jason. "I won't allow it!"

"Phoebe... that's very sweet of you." Jason leaned over and wrapped an arm around her shoulder, pulling her in close. Immediately some of her tension dissolved. _Works every time._ Jason thought. "I can handle myself. Obviously, I'm not going to let the Demon Emperors know of my existence. That would be suicidal."

Silently Jason pulled away from her. An idea occurred to him. "I won't kill demons to raise my energy level. However... if I remember correctly... there may be a way I can increase my combat abilities. Something I saw when I first entered Hell. I... I don't know for certain."

"What are you talking about?" Phoebe asked.

"I could be wrong. I don't know. Phoebe, do you remember what we talked about on the ride over?"

She shrugged. "Death camps?"

"The other thing."

"Pragmatism and idealism?"

Jason sighed. "The Crown! I'm going to leave the Crown with you. I need to move around the Labyrinth covertly. I can trust you with it. Keep helping humanity out and building new things."

"Jason." Phoebe blushed. "I told you I'm no good at that stuff."

"Well, I think you're wrong." Before she could react, Jason plucked the Crown from his head and slapped it on hers. "You are now temporarily Queen Phoebe! All hail her highness! How's that sound?"

She did not respond.

"Uhh, Phoebe?" Jason waved his hand in front of her face. Only now did he notice the blank expression in her eyes. "Phoebe? Phoebe?!"

Phoebe slumped forward. Jason caught her. "Aaaahhnnn!!!" She howled in pain, and Jason suddenly remembered his first experience with the Crown. The overwhelming information. The mental agony.

A moment later, she stiffened in his grasp and shook her head. "Aoouuu... Jason... Jason, it hurts. My head hurts."

"God, I'm sorry. That was thoughtless of me." Jason rubbed her scalp gently, but already she was standing up straight again. "Are you better?"

Phoebe nodded, and a tear rolled down her face. "You... jerk. I can't believe you. I need a nap now. My brain hurts."

"Sorry. It is pretty overwhelming the first time. You'll get used to it. Probably."

After a few moments, Phoebe blinked hard and waved her hand in front of her face. "Goodness! What is- what is that?! Can you see that?"

"Is it a holographic map of the Labyrinth?"

Phoebe shook her head violently. "No, no!! It's a map of the-" She paused, realizing what Jason had said. "Oh, well, yes, I suppose you're right. Is this what you see all the time?"

"You can make it go away. Think really hard about disabling it, and it will vanish."

Neil, Kar, and the two Scythers stared at them silently while Jason guided Phoebe through the baby steps of using the Crown. Blinker hovered over and landed on Jason's shoulder. "Soooo what's with the Crown? Is it magical or somethin'?"

Jason nodded and explained it to her. The other four listened intently. It occurred to him that he had kept its properties secret for a reason, and now these unknown Scythers knew about its existence. Damn. The cat was out of the bag. Maybe he should try erasing their memories...

Several minutes later, Phoebe's eyes roved all around as she examined what was likely a series of images relating to chairs. "Wow! So many of them! I've never done wood-work a day in my life, and I feel as though I could become a professional carpenter by daybreak!"

"Imagine how much easier it is with Wordsmithing," Jason casually remarked. "Do you understand now? You can help out humanity in my stead while I leave."

Phoebe paused. Jason could immediately tell the heightened intelligence and memory retention the Crown gave was doing its work. "Hey... you didn't know Roland's planet was gone before, yet you must have already been thinking about leaving. What's the big idea?"

"I wanted to go treasure hunting for a while. I can't leave on a dime, though, so ensuring humanity had the Crown would mean you guys weren't defenseless."

"Hmm." Phoebe squinted at him, second-guessing his motivations, but did not press further. "If you say so, Jason. Oh, also, you should leave Hoarhiim's orb with me."

Jason glanced down at his shining orb in his belt pocket. "Huh? Why?"

"Well, in the darkness of the Labyrinth, you'll draw a lot of attention to yourself. You don't need light anyway, do you?"

"No. Fair point." Jason reached into his belt and tentatively handed the glowing orb over to her. "Keep him safe... okay? He's a good friend. Even if he is giving me the silent treatment."

"Of course."

Phoebe took the orb from him, and a feeling of trepidation filled the air. Neil harumphed. "Ahhh, well, this is very sudden! I didn't expect you to leave out of the blue!"

"An occasional change of scenery is a good idea," Jason said. "Anyway, with the new weapons, turrets, and replicator, you guys can defend yourselves and advance without my presence. When I return, I plan to build a much bigger and better replicator system."

Kar punched his fist. "Damn straight! With several Dukes down, the demons won't know what hit 'em!"

"Strike while the iron is hot," Jason laughed.

Everyone shared a moment together, but Blinker tugged on Jason's shirt collar and whispered, "Make sure you kiss your girl. She'll miss you TONS while you're gone!"

"Good idea," Jason whispered, patting the tiny woman on her head. The fairy giggled and fluttered away, landing on Kar's shoulder.

Before Jason left, he pulled Phoebe aside and swept her off her feet. "A little fairy told me I should."

"Oh, you."