_Three days have passed. It's time._

Beelzebub rolled his eyes as he and Rosalia walked through the halls of the Labyrinth. The demoness with the appearance deficit prattled on and on about this and that, often shouting excitedly.

"And when we get to Hell Harbor, there'll be servants and cake! Lots of cake! Don't you like cake, Mister Beelzebub?!"

"Cake is a great way to balloon my body," Beelzebub drawled. He glanced at the chubby demoness. "Somehow I'm not surprised you enjoy it."

"Aww! Because I'm sweet, right? You always say the nicest things, Mister Beelzebub!" Rosalia skipped along as she danced to some tune in her head.

_Maybe if Bael hits me hard enough, I'll forget the ogre exists._ Beelzebub thought.

Minutes passed. The sound of a large crowd in the distance echoed down the halls. Rosalia quieted down and lowered her excitement level. "Wow. The Slaughterseum. I've heard rumors... but I've never been there."

Beelzebub smacked his tongue around, trying to get the taste of chalk out of his mouth. "Barbaric. Uncivilized. The only appeal I find is watching filthy insects crushed by merciless demons. Few things satisfy me as much as witnessing a human grovel and beg for his life, only for the light in his eyes to vanish at the end of an orc's spear."

Rosalia nodded. "Yeah. I hate humans. They're ugly, and they scare me."

"You're one to talk about _ugly_." Beelzebub warmed his hands and slicked back his hair, perming it once again. _Just in case._ Beelzebub thought.

The two demons plodded along in silence. Eventually, the hallway opened up before them. It widened into an antechamber with booths for placing bets and an opening in the side-walls big enough for Trolls and Ogres to fit. Concession stands sold a mixture of food made from animal and human parts, often obtained from the poor souls who died in the arena earlier that day.

Gnolls, Kobolds, Pureblooded Demons, Lords, even a few Barons stood here and there, chatting amongst one another like best friends. Unlike in other areas of the Labyrinth, the spectators of the Slaughterseum ignored the typical boundaries separating species and rank, given their unified desire to witness bloodshed and carnage. Beelzebub even recognized a few demons standing in the crowd, though he didn't bother to say hello.

Nobody paid Beelzebub and Rosalia the slightest attention as they slowly walked among the several hundred monsters milling around. To the left, the massive entrance to the Slaughterseum yawned, beckoning for them to enter. Rosalia flinched as the arena crowd roared in excitement, likely from witnessing a brutal slaughter.

Beelzebub glanced left and right, then sighed. "I've just realized that I haven't a clue where Bael is or how we'll meet him."

Rosalia followed his gaze as he scanned the crowd for the massive demon. "Bael sticks out. He should be easy to find."

"Should be, yes. However, this is one of several entrances to the Slaughterseum. He could be anywhere."

"Ooohh!" A tiny imp squeaked from the ground at Beelzebub's feet. "Bubblezits? Are you the one who's here to fight Bael?"

"Hey! Stupid imp!" Rosalia delivered a bone-crunching kick to the brat, sending him flying against a wall. "How dare you get Mister Beelzebub's name wrong! You little shithead!"

The imp, stunned but not injured, rubbed his head. "Aaaoo... that was mean! Cruel! Nasty!!"

"Thank you, Rosalia. You saved me the trouble." Beelzebub leaned down to the imp's level. "Don't get my name wrong again. If you think she's nasty, pray you never anger me. Now tell me, where is Bael?"

The imp looked away for a moment and rubbed his arm. The vindictiveness in his eyes hinted that he was considering ditching Beelzebub and Rosalia to their devices, but Beelzebub quickly lit a ball of fire in his hand, snuffing that thought out.

"O-oh! His Nastiness, the Duke of Pain! Ehehehe..." The imp eyed the fireball for a moment. "Gate three! He's waiting f-for you at gate three!"

Beelzebub closed his fist, extinguishing his fire. "Get out of my sight."

"Yessir! Right away, sir!"

The imp scampered away, and Beelzebub smiled. _When I was an imp, it was the same for me. The ones above you pick, poke, and stab. You're little more to them than vermin. Their sneers and jeers gave me the will to rise above the rest. Now I will complete the circle by stepping on those below me._ Beelzebub thought.

He stood up, the smile still plastered across his face. _Humans wouldn't understand. It's the demon way. Demons evolve and grow ever stronger, while humans stagnate and weaken. The only chance they have at fighting back is for one powerful individual to take control. But what happens if he should fall?_ Beelzebub thought.

Beelzebub turned and walked away, heading for the third gate. _Once I defeat the Hero, he who destroyed a planet and slew the Black Queen... I will earn my place atop the demon hierarchy. The Black Queen raped Satan's mind and took control of him, so if the Hero killed her, and I kill him, that will prove I am worthy of being not just any Emperor... but the First Emperor._ Beelzebub thought.

Rosalia cocked her head. "Mister Beelzebub? Is something funny?"

Beelzebub's smile disappeared. "Not especially."

It took another twenty minutes of circling the Slaughterseum's perimeter before they found the second gate, and another ten to reach the third. As soon as he and Rosalia arrived, Beelzebub's eyes locked onto a quarrel between two werewolves fighting over a dead human woman's body.

"Mine! Stupid bloodhound! I wanted this piece of meat ever since the moment I first saw her!" The first werewolf, a brown-furred variant, howled angrily at his peer.

The other werewolf, one with white fur, leaned forward menacingly. "My clansmen slew her! She's mine!"

The fresh corpse, a female human with dozens of gashes and other barbaric wounds inflicted on her corpse, lay in a pool of blood. A few spectators began to form, including a male harpy and even a shadow-walker, jeering at the two werewolves. "Blood fight! Blood fight!"

"Your clansmen, eh?! I saw an orc land the killing blow! Always knew you white-hairs slept with pigs!"

The white-one reared back, preparing to pounce. "You take that back, shit-fur!"

Suddenly, a massive flail fell from the sky, crushing the corpse between them and shaking the room. In a flash, Bael leaped into the center, landed atop his spiked flail with his bare feet, and violently backhanded both of the werewolves. They flew in opposite directions and plowed through several bystanders into the walls.

"Shut up! You stupid mutts are giving me a fucking headache!"

Beelzebub sighed. "And there he is."

Bael hopped to the ground and coiled his flail around his body, then spotted Beelzebub. "Bahaha! I thought you wouldn't show. You're an idiot, thinking you can beat me."

Rosalia, usually one to jump to Beelzebub's defense, shied away from talking back to the intimidating Duke.

"I don't know that I can," Beelzebub said. "But if I have even a slight chance to beat some sense into your thick skull, it's worth the effort."

"Hahaha! That's the spirit." Bael stomped the ground, shaking the room. "Mephisto! MEPHISTOOO!"

A few moments later, the Undead King spindle out of the ground. "What isss the problem?"

"You're gonna help me. C'mon, let's get the whelp over to the Den. We're gonna teach him a lesson."

............................................

Several minutes later, Beelzebub glanced around uneasily as they entered a dark, secluded room not far from the Slaughterseum. "What is this place? I expected to engage in combat."

"Cheh. Nice try." Bael beckoned to a nearby female demon. "Gimme your best set of Sticks and Bones." The woman nodded, and as she turned to walk away, Bael slapped her butt. "Hehe, perfect ass."

She rolled her eyes and ignored him.

Beelzebub glanced around. "Sticks and Bones? Is this a gambling den?"

"Course it is, idiot." Bael lumbered over to a nearby table. Mephisto, Beelzebub, and Rosalia followed behind him. The room rattled when Bael's massive bulk hit the opulent demonstone chair. "You'll be playing Mephisto for the right to become Duke."

Rosalia raised an eyebrow. "I didn't expect that."

"Neither did I," Beelzebub confessed. "Are you joking? I'm not known for my sense of humor."

"I am," Bael countered. "But this ain't no gag. Sit your pasty ass down."

Mephisto sat next to Bael, while the other two sat on the table's opposite side. Rosalia glanced around at the seedy room, with its unscrupulous inhabitants smoking on their bone pipes and the scantily clad demonesses serving various food and beverages.

Beelzebub stared silently at Bael as they waited for the hostess to bring their game pieces. _Unbelievable. I expected a test of combat, but Bael decided to hinge my rise to Duke on a game of chance. Perhaps he should rename himself to the Duke of Unpredictability, or the Duke of Chaos. No, scratch that, he'd like the latter too much._ Beelzebub thought.

A minute passed, but still, the hostess hadn't shown up. Bael itched his bare chest. "You can still back out. You'll be a chicken, but at least you won't be dead."

Beelzebub narrowed his eyes. _Dead? From a game of Sticks and Bones? What in the blazes does he mean by that?_ Beelzebub thought.

When the hostess returned, she carried two small wooden boxes, each one embossed with gold and a bloody demonic pentagram on top. "Here you are, sirs. Please consider indulging in our refreshments if you require them."

Bael smirked at her. When she set the boxes down, he patted his lap. "Come have a sit on my lap, baby. I've got fifteen inches waitin' for ya."

She barely blinked. "I didn't know we measured IQ in inches these days."

Turning around, she walked away without a second thought.

Bael's smirk lessened. "Hey, Mephisto. What'd she mean by that?"

The King of the Undead hissed. "I think ssshe likesss you for your persssonality."

Bael's smile came roaring back. "Damn right. All the bitches do. Alright, let's get this game started."

He leaned forward and winked at Beelzebub. "You know how to play Sticks and Bones, don'tcha, boy?"

Beelzebub nodded. "I've watched a few games. You throw the five four-sided wooden Mahja sticks down. This creates a modifier, and you follow up by throwing the bones. The modifier, plus the bones, equals your score."

"Oh, oh! I know, I know!" Rosalia hopped in her seat excitedly. "One of my den-brothers used to gamble all the time."

Bael smiled at her. "Zat so? Alright then, cutie, tell Beelzepup the rules he doesn't know."

Beelzebub's body rose a few degrees in temperature at the nickname, but he forced himself to ignore it.

Rosalia, however, beamed excitedly. _He called me a cutie! Omigosh! All the men are falling in love with me!_ Rosalia thought.

She cleared her throat. "Ahem. There are four sides to the Mahja sticks. Swords, Fists, Eyes, and Flames. Each one is worth more than the previous point-wise. If you throw the sticks and you get five swords, you instantly lose the round."

Mephisto nodded. "Ssswordsss... too _human_ for my tassstesss."

Beelzebub stared at the sticks as Mephisto pulled them out and handed them to him. "Flames, hm? I already know which one I prefer."

"Bahahaha! So predictable!" Bael slapped his knee! "Of course the hothead likes flames! I betcha can't guess my favorite!"

Beelzebub rubbed his forehead. "Fists."

Bael's laughter instantly disappeared. "Oh. Lucky guess."

Mephisto titter quietly for himself, as he locked his smoldering red eyes on Beelzebub. "Flamesss are worth the mossst pointsss, in any cassse. Who knowsss, you might throw five flamesss and an Ancient Monster..."

Rosalia's eyes widened. "Ooooh..."

"What? What is it?" Beelzebub glanced at her in confusion. "Is there something special about that combination?"

"It's the Fire Dragon formation," Bael murmured. "The only thing harder is the Phoenix formation, but don't you worry your pretty little head about getting one of those."

Rosalia shook her head. "The rules of this game are quite odd."

"That they are," Beelzebub said. "Anyway, it doesn't matter. Everything's up to chance. What is this, best of three rounds?"

"Best of eleven," Bael corrected. "If ya can't win by more than two points, the game continues til' someone takes a two-point lead."

Mephisto nodded. "You throw firssst, Beelzebub. New playersss alwaysss go firssst. It isss tradition."

Despite the simplicity of the game, Beelzebub swallowed hard. "If I win... I become a Duke?"

Bael stared at him icily. "Yup. And if you lose... we kill ya."

"What?! Well..." Beelzebub rubbed his forehead. "Fine. I agree. Good luck succeeding."

"Bahaha! I knew you would! Predictable!"

_Tsk._ Beelzebub thought.

Beelzebub threw the Mahja sticks down. The five long, rectangular sticks clattered to the table, and Mephisto leaned forward to examine them.

"Ksss. A Sssword, Three Fissstsss, and an Eye. No Flamesss for you."

Rosalia touched her chin thoughtfully. "Mister Beelzebub can discard an entire throw twice during a full game, or three individual sticks at any point, right?"

"Yup," Bael replied, adding no extra commentary. "Throw the bones."

Beelzebub reached into the other box and pulled out a dozen differently-shaped bones. One resembled a snowflake, while another was a spiked-ball, echoing Bael's flail. Others included a curved bone shaped like a boomerang, and even more exotic shapes. One appeared to be little more than a bunch of spikes twisting and curling around like a pretzel.

"Alright. Here goes nothing."

Beelzebub tossed the bones, and they clattered loudly on the wooden table.

Mephisto inspected them for a moment. "Kss. Reptile pattern. Newt formation. Four points."

Beelzebub glanced at Rosalia. The dejected look on her face told him the result with a single glance. "Bad?"

"Terrible," Rosalia said. "The most points you can get in a single round is one hundred. That requires a Fire Dragon formation, though."

Bael chuckled. "There's also Hydra, Wyrm, Kraken, Hellhound. You threw a Newt! Bahaha!"

Mephisto didn't move to grab the sticks and bones. "Care to throw again? The bessst you can get isss a water ssserpent formation. Thirty pointsss."

Rosalia nodded. "You should, Mister Beelzebub. Just retry the sword. You might land a Fist. Getting four of the same, let alone five, is worth bonus points. You'll end with twenty points."

Beelzebub cursed himself internally. _I'm being forced to rely on the counsel of the ogre. Nobody deserves that punishment._ Beelzebub thought.

He nodded and threw the sword again. It landed on an Eye.

Rosalia breathed a sigh of relief. "Three fists and two eyes, plus the land animal pattern. Not great, but better than four points."

Mephisto scooped up the sticks and bones. "Ksss. Sssalamander formation. Fifteen pointsss. My turn."

Mephisto didn't hesitate. He deftly threw the sticks. They clattered to the table, and he smirked. "Two ssswordsss, two flamesss, and an eye." When he threw his bones down, his smirk grew into a bony smile. "The Human pattern. I've rolled an Adventurer formation."

Bael stared at the game with rapt attention; his usual loudness pacified by the gambling happening. Unlike how he often acted, he was quieter, paying attention to every result. "Thirty-four points. You gonna re-roll anything?"

The Duke of Mist shook his head. "I have a sssmall lead. Only a fool throwsss away hisss rollsss at the game ssstart."

Rosalia took a piece of paper and an ink quill from the Mahja stick box and noted two numbers down. "One token to Mephisto. Subtracting Mister Beelzebub's points from Mephisto's, that leaves nineteen points."

Beelzebub frowned. "I'm still a novice, so I must ask. Why count points if the tokens represent a win for the round?"

Bael cleared his throat. "Sometimes the one who wins all the rounds has fewer points. Happens more often than you might think. There are special rules for if that happens."

"Like what?"

"Doesn't matter. Mephisto's the Undead King. Playing with bones is his job."

"Whatever. Suit yourself." Beelzebub slouched in his chair and sulked.

Mephisto, having gone second in the first round, went first in the next. He threw the sticks out. "One Sssword, two Fissstsss, an Eye, and a Flame."

"Huh. A full spread." Bael muttered under his breath. "Poor showing."

"Full spread?" Beelzebub echoed his words.

Rosalia answered. "It means Mephisto rolled one of every type. Half points."

"Ah."

Beelzebub watched as Mephisto threw the bones down. "Ksss. The Bug pattern. Cockroach formation. Worthlesss."

"I expected better from you," Bael murmured. "Three points before the full spread, two after. Even if you roll again, you'll top out at ten."

"Passs." Mephisto handed the bones and sticks to Beelzebub. "If you lossse thisss round, I'll kill you myssself."

Beelzebub tossed the bones, and his heart skipped a beat. "F-four flames and a fist."

When he tossed the bones down, Rosalia grew excited. "Ooooh! An Elemental Monster pattern! Coupled with the four flames, that means you rolled-"

"A Fire-Hydra formation. Seventy-three points. Impressive." Bael smiled widely. "Your second toss of the bones, too. Tally those points up, little missy."

She did so. "Round two's token goes to Mister Beelzebub. He takes the lead with seventy-one points to Mephisto's nineteen. Wow!!!"

Bael crossed his legs under the table. "Beginner's luck. Don't get all full of yourself."

Beelzebub, however, stared at the sticks on the table. "What if I re-rolled that fist to a flame? What would happen?"

Bael shook his head. "If you get a sword, the formation drops to a Thunder Hydra. Seventy points. If it becomes a flame, you get an Infernal Hydra. Eighty points."

"Don't do it, Mister Beelzebub. Seven points aren't worth using up a re-roll. You already won the round."

Beelzebub nodded. "I know. I'm learning the rules. That's all."

...

Half an hour passed.

_Skeleton Commander. Harpie. Mermaid. Kobold Gang. Demon Duke._ The formations came and went, and Beelzebub filed their values in the back of his mind for later. He and Mephisto traded tosses, and soon, they entered the ninth round.

Rosalia tallied up the score. "336 versus 294 points in Mephisto's favor. The tokens are tied."

Beelzebub clutched the sticks in his hand. "My turn, huh? I have to win two of the next three rounds to seal my victory, then?"

"Correct."

"Alright."

Beelzebub threw the sticks down. "Three swords and two eyes. Damn." He tossed the bones afterward.

The moment the sticks hit the ground, Bael's eyes widened noticeably. "Whoa. Is that-"

"Demon pattern. Servant formation." Rosalia stared at it for a moment. "The lowest score for a Demon pattern is fifty points. The highest is ninety. It's the second-best pattern you could toss."

Beelzebub gaped. "H-how much is my roll worth?"

"The Servant formation is valued at fifty-three points."

Beelzebub stared at his formation. "I'm going to use one of my discards to re-roll."

Rosalia nodded. "Good idea. If you get five swords, though, you instantly lose the round. If you get a full spread, that will halve the value too."

"It's worth the risk."

Beelzebub scooped the sticks up, swallowing hard as Bael eyed him. "Careful, whelp. Fifty-three points is a respectable score. A loss now will give Mephisto a huge advantage."

Without any hesitation, Beelzebub threw his sticks out. They clattered and landed, and his heart leaped for joy.

"Yes! Three flames and two eyes! Whoo-hoo!"

Bael laughed. "Gwahaha! You're enjoying yourself now, boy! It's a damn shame I didn't introduce you to gambling when you were younger!"

Rosalia wiped at her forehead. "Impressive, Mister Beelzebub, as always. Lower Demon Emperor formation. Eighty-three points."

"Ksss!" Mephisto grabbed the sticks up angrily. "I'll win the next two roundsss for sssure!"

When he threw the sticks, a disappointing showing of two Fists, two Eyes, and a Sword appeared. Mephisto followed up with the bones.

A moment of silence fell over the group.

Bael nearly knocked the table over as he jumped out of his chair. "An Ancient Monster pattern? Right after the Demon pattern?! What game am I watching?!"

His voice attracted attention from other gamblers nearby. Several of them turned around to look at the commotion. Bael quickly explained the results, and they dropped what they were doing to scramble over to Mephisto.

"Oy, oy!" One kobold eyed the board and snatched the score count from Rosalia. "Ah don't believe it! Mephisto! The runt got a Demon Emperor formation! You've gotta beat him on this one!"

"Yeah!" A salamander added. "You can't let this lil' upstart beat you!"

Beelzebub gestured toward Mephisto's toss. "I'm guessing this is a good result."

"It certainly is," Rosalia muttered. "Ancient Monster is the most valuable pattern. Mephisto rolled a Rock Troll formation. Seventy-five points. Ancient Monsters include dragons and the Phoenix. The cap is a hundred points, versus ninety for the Demon pattern."

Mephisto nodded. "I'll ussse one of my dissscardsss."

"Hell yeah!" Bael _thwumped_ down at the table, slobbering slightly at the possibilities. "Hey, kid, here's a protip. For the Ancient Monster pattern only, if you roll five flames, that's a Fire Dragon. One hundred points. If you want, though, you can roll again for free. If you get five flames _again_, that's a Phoenix. You get three discards added to your future rounds, five individual stick re-rolls, two tokens, and you instantly win the round."

Rosalia nodded. "There is a downside, though. If you decide to try for the Phoenix, but your next roll includes even one sword..."

"You lose the whole game. Bahahaha!" Bael's body trembled. "Oooh, exciting!"

Beelzebub nodded. "I see. Rolling a Phoenix is high-risk, high-reward."

"Hahaha, damn right it is!" The kobold handed the stats back to Rosalia. "But that's what makes the game exciting! You guys playin' for stakes, or what? I ain't seen a Phoenix in three hundred and forty-five years!"

Bael nodded. "Yeah. If this shrimp wins, we're making him a Demon Duke. If he loses, though, then we're gonna kill him."

"OOOOH!" The crowd of onlookers shrieked with excitement. "Holy skarn-droppings! That's amazing! Everyone, drop your games and check this match out!"

Beelzebub shifted uncomfortably as dozens of demons and monsters crowded around, blowing smoke in the air and congesting the table. He ignited the fire in his hand. "You all may watch, but keep quiet. I'd rather not burn the lot of you to cinders."

They nodded, and Mephisto grabbed the Mahja sticks. He tossed them down, and Beelzebub's heart sank.

"Ksss. A Flame, Three Eyesss, and a Sssword."

"An Elder Basilisk. Hell yeah! That's eighty-one points, pal." Bael reached over to nudge the Duke of Mist playfully, only for his fist to pass through Mephisto's body. "Oh, right."

Mephisto smirked. "I could tosss the sssticksss one by one... but that wouldn't be sssatisssfying. Inssstead, I'll re-roll."

Beelzebub raised an eyebrow. "Why? If you re-roll the sword, you could get another eye. You'd beat me in this round with the point bonus."

Mephisto smirked. "Yesss, but unlike you, my life doesss not ride on thisss. Look at the crowd sssurrounding usss. It would be dissshonorable of me not to try for a Fire Dragon formation."

Mephisto took the sticks and threw them again. Beelzebub's stomach flip-flopped as the results came up.

"Four Swords. One flame." Rosalia called the results. "A Gorgon. Seventy-three points."

Mephisto didn't even blink. "I'll ussse my lassst dissscard." He snatched the Mahja sticks once again and threw them down.

"Five Fists. The Mountain Troll formation. Eighty points."

"Cursssesss!" Mephisto screeched and lowered his head in shame.

Beelzebub leaned back and sighed in relief. "83-80. Close round."

"A good effort, Mephisto. Don't beat yourself up." Bael gestured to the hostess. "Let's get some drinks for everyone who watched. On me!" The crowd cheered exuberantly and dispersed as the hostess made the preparations.

Rosalia jotted down the new scores. "Mister Beelzebub takes the lead with one token extra. The new score is 336 to 297 in Mephisto's favor, after applying his three points gained. Mephisto is all out of discards for the rest of the game."

Beelzebub sighed. _If I wasn't immortal; this game would have shaved a few years off my life._ Beelzebub thought.

"Round ten. Mephisto goes first," Rosalia said.

The Duke of Mist bitterly tossed the sticks down. "Two Fissstsss and three Eyesss." He followed up with the bones.

"Human pattern. Prophet formation. Twenty-six points." Rosalia jotted some numbers down on her paper.

Mephisto handed the sticks and bones to Beelzebub. "I will not re-roll. Even if you win thisss round, the two-point rule only takesss effect after round eleven."

Beelzebub nodded. "Fair enough." He tossed the bones and the sticks.

Rosalia eyed the results. "Two Flames, two Fists, and a Sword. Monster pattern. Lower Cerberus formation. Thirty-eight points. The new score is 336 to 309 in Mephisto's favor."

The Baron of Flames kept his results. Sweat dripped down his back. _I'm two tokens ahead and about twenty points behind. One match to go. If Mephisto wins the next one, I'll have to win another round to seize victory... and my rank as Duke._ Beelzebub thought.

Beelzebub went first in the next match. Rosalia eyed his throw. "Two Flames and three Eyes. Undead Monster pattern. Undead Drake of Darkness formation. Sixty points."

Rosalia hesitated for a moment. "If you win this match, you win everything, including your Duke status, Mister Beelzebub. You should use your individual re-rolls to get the best result possible."

Bael nodded. "That's for the best. You have one full discard and three individuals left. You could try re-rolling each of the eyes to get five flames, but that's a crapshoot. Five eyes will get you sixty-five points, and you'll only need two retries."

Beelzebub licked his lips slowly. "I can win this or the next one to defeat Mephisto. I'll take a chance when I'm countering him. I don't know what his score is yet."

"Kss. Sssmart choice." Mephisto snatched the playing items up. With a flick of his wrist, he cast the sticks and bones down.

Rosalia's face whitened. "Two Swords, one Eye, two Flames. Elemental Monster pattern. Elder Mermaid formation. S-sixty-two points."

For a long few moments, nobody said anything. Finally, Beelzebub sighed.

"I lost by two measly points. Whatever. I'll beat you in the next round."

"That's the spirit, Mister Beelzebub!"

Bael tapped the table. "You're on defense this time. I think you may manage to beat a seasoned Sticks and Bones player!" The Duke of Pain smirked as he reached into a small pouch hanging on his belt. After a moment, he held up a tiny marble-sized orb.

"Know what this is, pup?"

Beelzebub shook his head. "No. What?"

"It's your prize. If you beat Mephisto, I'll give you this soul-stone. It has the souls of over two-hundred thousand humans inside. After you swallow it, you'll blackout and experience the best pleasure of your life. Once you wake up, you'll be a Duke."

Beelzebub's eyes met Bael's, then lowered to the grey marble. _Damn! I could almost reach out and grab that stone before this fat bastard reacts! I can't take a chance, though. I'll play this safe._ Beelzebub thought.

As Bael stuck the marble back in his pocket, Beelzebub loosened his jacket collar. "T-two-hundred thousand souls, huh? I knew the soul cost of ranking up to Demon Duke was enormous, but..."

"You're a genius to ascend to Baron so quickly, whelp, but you're still at the very bottom of your rank. President Ose possesses far more souls in her body than you. Promoting her to Duke was a cinch."

Beelzebub nodded, staring at Bael in silence.

The Duke of Mist cast his pieces out. "One Sssword, One Eye, Three Flamesss. Ancient Monster pattern."

Rosalia and Bael's eyes turned to saucers.

"I don't believe it," The Duke of Pain whispered. "A Dark Dragon formation. That's... that's eighty-seven points."

Mephisto blinked twice. Then he lunged for the Sword Stick. "I ssshall re-roll."

Bael beckoned to some nearby patrons. "Another possible Fire Dragon, boys!"

Everyone rushed over again, and curses could be heard as some lamented the luck of rolling two Ancient Monster patterns by one player in an eleven round game.

Mephisto tossed the stick. It hit the ground and clanked to a stop.

_Flame._

The sounds in the room screeched to a halt.

"One Eye, four Flames. E-Eldest Dragon formation. Ninety-seven points." Rosalia stared at the pieces shakily. Even Beelzebub gazed at the board with a thousand-yard stare.

"Four Flames and an Eye on an Ancient Monster roll. Ah can't believe it." The kobold from earlier rubbed his paws together. "Ya know, if Mephisto flips a flame, and he decides to roll for a Phoenix... Whatever he rolls'll be his new point total. Not to mention-"

"The sword, yeah. Don't bring that up, Gamcha! It's bad luck!" A second kobold with darker fur slugged his peer. "Shut yer maw and let 'im play!"

Mephisto cautiously took the Eye Stick, twirling it in his hand for a moment, before flinging it down. The crowd gasped as the stick _tinks_ along and came to a stop.

Rosalia exhaled in relief. "Sword. It's a Sword."

The collective disappointment in the air could drown a demon in an eternity of depression. Mephisto raised his bony finger. "I ssstill have one more single roll left. I will ussse it now."

The crowd went silent as he picked the stick up again.

This time, when the stick landed, the room exploded into applause.

_Flame._

Beelzebub's heart wrenched, as did Rosalia's.

_Five flames. It's a Fire Dragon formation._

"Good game," Beelzebub muttered emptily.

Mephisto waved a finger. "Not ssso fassst. I am going to attempt for the Phoenix, asss any ressspectable Mahja gambler ssshould."

The crowd howled excitedly. "Do it! Do it! Do it!"

Bael stroked his chin. "Hey, pup. Wanna hear a fun fact?"

"I suppose so."

"Who do you think was the last demon or monster in the Labyrinth to throw a Fire Dragon and follow up with a Phoenix?"

Beelzebub shrugged. "Like I'd know. Who?"

"Barbatos."

Bael's utterance of the name immediately sent a wave of chills throughout the room. The thunderous applause tapered off.

One male Harpy shuddered. "I still remember that match like it was yesterday. Some idiot orc thought it would be funny to challenge the Duke. He never said a word the whole game. He threw the Bug pattern five times in a row. We thought it was hilarious."

The talkative kobold from earlier rubbed his long, pointy wolf ears. "Ya! Then came round six! Barbatos threw a perfect Fire Dragon! Five Flames! Then he threw the sticks again, and..."

Bael rubbed his arm. "... and he somehow got five more Flames. It shouldn't have been possible."

"The orc gave up on the ssspot, asss I recall." Mephisto lightly traced the Flame pattern on the Mahja stick in his hand. "Nobody blamed him. Barbatosss hasss the luck of the Ancient Devilsss."

"Yeah," Bael muttered bitterly. "Luck."

Mephisto reached for the sticks again, but this time more slowly, more deliberately. He took the first one in his hand and tossed it down.

_Flame._

Then he tossed the next.

_Flame._

The crowd stared silently, watching and wondering what would happen next.

Mephisto tossed the third stick down.

_Flame._

"I don't believe it," Bael said.

Then came the fourth stick.

_Sword._

The room went silent, almost as if everyone was in mourning. Mephisto lowered his head. "Ksss... unfortunate."

Every muscle in Beelzebub's body relaxed simultaneously. He sagged in his seat and breathed a sigh of relief. _Mephisto rolled a sword. That means he lost the entire game. I won._ Beelzebub thought.

Beelzebub smiled, though it was faint. "I didn't want you to roll the Phoenix, but at the same time, I did."

Bael nodded. "You win, boy. Still, you could've seen history unfold before your eyes. Damn shame." He pulled out the soul-stone from his pouch.

Everyone shuffled away, leaving the four demons alone at their table. Beelzebub reached forward to take the stone, but Bael pulled it back. "Ah, ah, ah. Not yet."

Beelzebub scowled. "I knew you weren't going to let me ascend to the rank of Duke that easily."

"No, I will." Bael nodded along. "But we ain't doin' it here. This is where the real party starts." He stood up, as did Mephisto. "Come on, hatchling. Let's see what you're made of. You're gonna eat this in the middle of the Slaughterseum."

Beelzebub narrowed his eyes and stood up, ignoring the hostess as she put the pieces back in their boxes. "Why there? Are you planning a sneak attack while I'm mutating?"

"Bahaha! A sneak attack! Didja hear that, Mephisto?!" Bael slapped his knee. "Hahaha! A sneak attack. Aw, shucks. That's a good one."

Mephisto quietly chuckled to himself, trying to force down the bitterness of his loss. "Keh keh keh. Yesss, quite amusssing. Beelzebub, if we wissshed to kill you, you would be dead already. You've won, fair and sssquare."

Rosalia turned to Beelzebub. "I think they're telling the truth, Mister Beelzebub. Let's go! I really want to see you get all-powerful and grow your horns out. Pleaaaaase!"

It took a minute, but Beelzebub relented. "Fine. Let's get this over with."

The group of demons began walking toward the exit.

From behind, Beelzebub caught the sound of several monsters muttering. "Let's go check it out. I wanna see what happens to the suited guy."

"Same."
