[Recommended listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-hPnFlpjh4) or [No-Vocals Version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-hPnFlpjh4)

Laying on my back in the grassy field, I trace my finger against the clouds in the sky. "La la la... la la la..." 

A hot, stale breeze blows across the plains. The breeze pulls dried leaves into the air, blowing them past me one by one. Each leaf drifts forward for a while, only to float down and land amidst an endless sea of cracked, dried grass.

A few birds fly overhead. They'll perish by week's end, as will the rest of Polaris's wildlife.

I sit on a barren rock orbiting a star. 

_This world is dying, and it's all my fault._

Blaarjiim grunts at me. "My queen, you seem gloomier than usual."

I wait a moment before responding.

"Do I?"

Blaarjiim nods. "Aye. You haven't smiled in days."

"He's right! Does that jaw of yours still hurt or what?" Dellfingler pipes up, interrupting my train of thought. "It ain't like you to lay around. Not that I've seen, anyway."

Lowering my arm, I rub my chin thoughtfully. "I don't know. There's a void in my heart. Emptiness. I can't explain it."

"Is that so?" Blaarjiim lays on the grass beside me, appearing in my mind's eye as a blackened mirage. "Perhaps you need a new thrill. Why not find someone worth battling? Use your new power and-"

"No. I don't want that."

My interruption annoys him — Blaarjiim sighs. "Now I know you aren't in your right mind. You're thinking about the mortal, aren't you? Ever since Hoarhiim vanished..."

The mention of Jason makes my throat catch.

"Yes."

"There's no other way, my queen. You'll have to fight the mortal sooner or later. He won't forgive you for leaving him to die. He'll be angry; out for blood."

"I know."

Dellfingler snorts. "Honey, you ain't got nothin' to worry about. You beat him real easy last time, and you're a hundred times stronger now!"

"Sword, please. I'm not in the mood for your comments."

Dellfingler sighs. "Alright, geez, fine. I'm just saying."

Blaarjiim forms in my vision, appearing as a dark, smoky form against the backdrop of the white clouds. "The sword speaks truth, my queen. If I may be so bold... you are moping. The sooner you finish devouring this planet, the sooner we can move to the next-"

"I don't want to." 

"Pardon?"

I stare at Blaarjiim's form silently for a few moments before raising my arm and pressing it against my eyes. "When does it end?"

He grunts. "I am not sure what you are referring to."

"The killing. The hunger. When will it end? Am I destined to spend eternity consuming everything in my path?"

It turns out the sword didn't learn his lesson. He chuckles. "Getting cold feet after everyone you've killed? Honey, I may be a weapon designed for bloodshed, but I'd go dull long before I could amass your body count."

"I don't care about the opinion of an _object,_" I mutter.

"You don't? Then why ain't you moving on to the next batch of food?!"

Several moments pass. I sigh. "I liked you better when all you did was hit on me."

"Sweetie, I'm a sword. The only way we'd be an item is if I entered you, and it would be quite painful."

I groan. "Ugh."

Thoughts rage in my mind. _The more powerful I grow, the more trapped and unfulfilled I feel. I don't know why this is the case. Has slaughtering the weak and helpless transformed me into a pointless existence? Jason. What would you say if you saw me in this state?_

Blaarjiim speaks suddenly, his voice tinged with surprise. "Oh? Well, well, well. Look who showed up."

My heart pounds in my chest. I jerk into a sitting position and gape at the mountain of a man standing in the distance. 

_Jason._

His eyes glow white, a color not unlike Hoarhiim's orb. He looks the same as when I left him, standing seven feet tall, but his posture seems more confident than before.

Jason walks forward and stops about fifty feet away. "Yo. What's... uh... cracking, Amelia?"

Immediately my elation deflates. _His body may change, but the mind stays the same._

I pull myself to my feet and dust grass off the back-side of my black dress. I forced a village to sew it for me, since the blue one was in tatters. They didn't do the best job, but it's serviceable. 

I wonder if Jason... likes it?

"I knew you'd show up. When Hoarhiim's orb vanished from my purse, only one culprit came to mind. What's with the eyes?"

He stares at me silently for a few moments. "How many have you killed?"

"I asked a question first."

He continues to stare at me unblinkingly. Something about his hollow gaze makes me uncomfortable. "I don't know why my eyes are like this. After you maimed me, I lay immobile and paralyzed in a bed for a full month. They glowed the whole time."

"You healed yourself." I don't phrase it as a question.

"No thanks to you." Jason's voice has an edge of bitterness to it. "Why, Amelia? Why did you attack me? I never wanted to hurt you. I... toward you... I felt..."

"You felt nothing." I cut him off before he can continue. "You're a Hero. You're my enemy. It's that simple. Angels created demons. Demons razed my birthplace and took my best friend from me. But Heroes? Heroes hurt _me_, several times. You're all the same."

Jason shakes his head. "I remember a time when _I_ was the one preoccupied with appearances. You're beautiful, Amelia. If you weren't a monster... if you hadn't attacked me and left on that day... I wouldn't be here now, nor would you."

"Where would we be, then? On a beach, sipping lemonade?!"

Jason cocks his head slightly. "Perhaps. There's good in you, Amelia. I'm not just saying that. You can say you healed me twice and that those acts of kindness were part of some nefarious plan to turn me to your side, but you didn't have to become a world-consuming monster. You could have made a different choice. You could have made _several_ different choices."

My right hand slowly curls around Dellfingler. "How dare you judge me. Do you think this world and the one before it were my first time committing genocide? I've devoured millions, Jason. Don't pretend I'm redeemable. Just because you wanted me to dance around in a cute little dress for you doesn't mean-"

"So what if I did?" Jason grits his teeth. "Is there something wrong with only using your powers for good? Healing the sick? Where I come from, there's a saying. _Do unto others as you would have them do unto you._ When you attack, hurt, maim, and kill everyone in your path, you ask for the same to be done back ten times worse. I gave you a fresh start, Amelia. You could have used your powers positively and helped the universe. Instead, you became a blight. A disease."

"Well, well," Blaarjiim whispers to me, a grin on his face. "Don't those words sound familiar?"

Slowly, I lick my lips. "Yes, Blaarjiim. They do. Self-righteous. Judgemental. I was right about you, Jason. You're like all the other heroes, but you won't admit it to yourself."

"I never wanted us to grow apart." Jason says, raising his palm at me. "Maybe I should thank you. I live in the Labyrinth, now. A place of pain, torture, and death. You hurt me badly enough to shake away some of my naivete. Now, the only thing left is for me to abandon my childish ideals. I have to atone for releasing you and unleashing your evil upon two unsuspecting worlds."

"Oy, oy..." Dellfingler mutters. "Can't you two kiss and make up? Jason, are you planning to kill this beautiful temptress? This sultry goddess? Come on... don't be petty."

"This isn't about revenge. I'm not angry because you hurt me, Amelia." Jason pulls his palm back and touches a scar on his neck. "I know why you did it. I understand the choice you made. It was wrong, but I don't blame you. However, I do blame you for the deaths you've caused to innocents. Compared to you, the demons look like angels."

Jason closes his eyes and inhales. "You're toxic. You're the forbidden fruit. I've found someone better now, someone I love and respect. I loved you once, Amelia. It was childish, immature, and surface-level. I projected my loneliness onto you, hoping you could fill a void in my chest. I sensed we were birds of a feather, two souls who were alone and lost in the world. However, that was not the case. I was wrong. There is no longer anything inside of you; only emptiness and hatred remain."

Something crawls down my cheek. I quickly try to brush it off, only to pause and examine my hand. _A tear? Why am I crying? I'm not sad. Jason can say anything he wants. A Hero will say anything to make me lower my guard._

I wipe my eyes angrily. "I don't need you, Jason. I never did. I only spared and healed you because you released me from my prison — not for any other reason. You may have someone you care about, but so do I. Blaarjiim is all I need. Spare me the theatrics. If you think you can kill me, then do it."

Jason's lip quivers. A tear rolls down his face as well. "I don't want to hurt you, Amelia. I never did. It's you who left me no choice. You decided your fate. Now I will make it happen."

My entire body begins to shake. Rage floods my vision. "I won't kill you, Jason. I'll make you my slave. You'll live to regret becoming a Hero. I promise you that."

Jason lowers his arm and stands limply as I draw Dellfingler. "I'm sorry, Amelia. I have failed you. I'm sorry for everything."

A ripple of power pulses from Jason. Pebbles and rocks slowly hover off the ground, and the planet begins to shake. 

Then, he speaks a single word.

"**Die.**"