_Where am I?_

I open my eyes, only to see an endless void. I can't feel anything. My body drifts in an infinite ocean of disorienting darkness, giving me the impression I'm floating deep in outer space. I want to move, but my body feels empty.

My nose itches. I try to scratch it, but from nowhere, a blunt object bashes me in the face, stunning me and sending my head into a disorienting spiral. 

My mind screams in alarm: _You're under attack! Someone's trying to hurt you!_

I try to raise my hand and protect myself. "Stah- kkhnn..."

The words won't come out. My throat stings. It won't move properly. My saliva slides down my throat with the same ease as a drop of battery acid. I can't even shift my head to look around.

After a few moments, no more attacks come. Whoever struck me must be standing in the darkness, watching, waiting. It's only now that I notice a painful discomforting sensation on my skull. I'm still wearing the goddamn Crown! It can't be removed from my head unless I do so myself.

Ah! Amelia. That's right! She attacked me! Is she keeping me locked up somewhere? Why is everything so dark? Where did she put me? Hell, come to think of it, how am I alive at all? After seeing the rage on her face, I thought she was going to kill me.

Still, whoever my attacker is, he or she says nothing. I reach out to the Crown to access its database. Solomon's knowledge fills my brain up, and after a few seconds, a series of observations appear in my head. 

_Auditory receptors: Acceptable. Optic nerves: Burned out. Somatosensory system: Diminished. Mental acuity: Diminished. Movement: 95% impaired. Speech: Disabled._

The readings come from my body. I can still hear, but I can't see or feel anything. What happened after I passed out?

My head is still cocked unnaturally to the side, so I try to reach up to adjust it, only for the invisible assailant to reach over and strike me in the face again. "St- khh!" I choke out a weak plea for mercy, but still, they say nothing.

The sound of a door opening makes me freeze. The creaking of hinges, along with hesitant footsteps causes my heart to pound violently. Another person? Who? Someone's already here, hitting me every time I try to move, and now there's a second intruder? Oh god... I've never felt so alone and scared in my life. I'm more scared than when the statue monster chased me! I can't even defend myself or hide in a corner. I'm completely at their mercy!

"Your Grace?" A female voice pierces the din. The sudden sound hurts my head. 

"Mmngh," I mutter.

The footsteps draw closer. I can hear the woman breathing now, so close is she to my bed. "You're awake? Oh, thank the gods!" After she speaks again, I recognize the woman's voice. 

_Phoebe? _

That's right. Phoebe Berthold. I've only spoken to her twice, but she seems a kind and caring soul. Is she working with Amelia? Why would Amelia give me back to Phoebe? I don't understand.

A sensation of warmth brushes against my face. I try to reach up to swat at it, only for another violent blow to strike me. I try to cower away, but I can't even move my head to try and evade the assailant's attacks. Tears bubble in my eyes as I try to stifle the terror in my heart. Whoever's hurting me, they must love seeing the agonized look on-

"Your Grace! Be careful!" Phoebe speaks again, much closer now. The warmth returns to my face, and I finally realize she must be touching me. "Why are you striking yourself? I mean you no harm."

Striking myself? What does she mean? Am... am _I_ the one who keeps hitting my face? But that couldn't be _my_ hand... could it? 

A moment passes, and the horrific reality sets in. I can't feel my body at all. It _is_ my hand striking me. I thought there was someone standing above me, silently, torturing me every so often... but it was me all along. I... I feel like such an idiot.

The sound of choked breathing makes me pause. After listening for a few seconds, I realize it's Phoebe. She's trying to stifle tears, but after a few moments, she can't control herself. "Your Grace... I'm so, so sorry. I should have been there. I can't believe what the Black Witch did to you! It's my failure! I'm so sorry! I failed you in your t-time of need..."

_It's not your fault, Phoebe. Don't blame yourself for this._ I want to comfort her and tell her everything's going to be okay, but I can't speak at all.

"White-hair?" A masculine voice speaks now, and I instantly recognize it as Kar's. He sounds like he's at the door. "Has Turtle woken up yet?"

She sniffles audibly and pulls away. The warmth on my face disappears, and she replies to Kar, "Y-yes, my lord. He has woken, but I don't believe he can speak. He struck himself in the face, too."

"Mmm. I see." Kar's heavy footsteps plod toward me. He stops, and several seconds of silence follow. "I do not know what Frilled One's plans involved. She slashed his throat, only to then partially heal him. 'Twas only enough to close his wounds, but she left his spine shattered. He'll be paralyzed for life if we can't find someone both willing and able to heal him."

"Amelia slashed his throat? B-but, that's awful! I thought they were friends! Why would she do such a thing?!"

Kar grunts. "Hurgh. I can only hazard a guess, White-hair. Turtle is a Hero, one with a power called Wordsmithing. If he cannot speak, then he cannot use his power. It seems her goal was to turn him into a cripple. Now that he can't use his Wordsmithing, he won't get in her way."

Phoebe sniffles again, and I can barely make out the sound of her wiping at her eyes. "Horrid, foul monster. I can't believe she would do such a thing."

"Aye." Kar walks a little closer. I feel the bed shift as he sits down at the far end. "I've sent out a query to the demons, but I doubt any will respond. Healing magic is exceedingly rare, and most demons cannot heal something like a broken spine. I'm afraid that Turtle will stay paralyzed for a long time to come."

I try to blink and open my eyes, but nothing comes into view. I can't see anyone, or anything, not even the tiniest sliver of light. The sensation of tears crawling down my face makes my chest ache.

I'm paralyzed; a hero who can't move. That must be what Amelia meant. _You'll never be able to hurt me again_, she said. I can't hurt or help anyone. I'm useless. A lump of flesh stuck in a bed.

A choke escapes my throat. The bed shifts slightly. Kar grunts. "Ah. I've disturbed you. I'm sorry, Turtle. I know this must be hard for you, but I assure you. With some patience, I may find someone who can heal you. Don't lose faith."

"Please don't cry, Your Grace." Phoebe's warm hand touches my face again. "I shall stay by your side. I won't let you be alone, no matter the- ah!" She squeaks in surprise. "Kar! His eyes! Look!"

Kar grunts. "They're glowing? What is the meaning of this? Tilt his head this way."

Phoebe pauses. "Forgive me, Your Grace." Saying this, I feel my head shift into a more natural position as she tilts it to allow me to look straight up.

"Hurgh. How odd. Why would his eyes glow white? The color reminds me of- oh! That white orb of his! Have you seen it?"

My heart pounds in my chest. _Hoarhiim!_ Where is he?!

Phoebe grunts. "Ah, I apologize. I know not of what you speak."

"He carried a glowing orb in his belt pouch. You removed his clothes, as I recall. Did you see it?"

Phoebe stutters and stammers as embarrassment floods her voice. "H-his clothes. Right, o-of course. I saw m-many things, but not the orb. My apologies."

"Unfortunate. Perhaps the Frilled One took it. I am sorry, Turtle, but I will do my best to locate it. As for your eyes, I can only guess what the glowing means. White-hair, is Turtle able to see?"

A sensation of wind brushes over my face. "No. He isn't following my hand."

"Can he speak at all?"

I cough and try to force out a word, but all that escapes my lips is, "Kuh- nnguh!"

Kar sighs. "I believe he could heal himself if he had access to Wordsmithing. However, I have an idea. Turtle, you may not be able to speak or move, but perhaps you could communicate in other ways? If you can understand my words, cough twice."

A flash of realization hits me. _The blinking code!_ 

I remember reading about a man who lay paralyzed and in the hospital back in my time. He was able to communicate with his doctors and loved ones by blinking once for no, and twice for yes!

"Kuh. Kuh."

"I see," Kar mutters. "Cough four times."

"Kuh. Kuh. Kuh. Kuh."

Kar's voice brightens noticeably. "That is good news. White-hair, I will leave you to take care of him. I must seek out a healer, if possible. Use simple yes and no questions to talk to him. I have known many warriors who ended up in similar situations after a battle. Try not to leave him alone, where possible. Loneliness and helplessness can crush a man's soul."

Phoebe's voice quivers. "I would sooner fall on my sword than leave him in darkness."

"I know." Kar stands up and walks to the door. "He may not be able to say it, but I sense that the Turtle appreciates you, more than you think. You must let go of your feelings of guilt if you wish to feel happiness."

Kar shuts the door behind him, leaving Phoebe and me alone together.

Questions appeaer in my mind. _Why would Phoebe feel guilty? Did she do something to me?_ 

I wish I could ask.

Phoebe sits beside me for a long while, saying nothing. I try to reach up and touch her, only for her to jump in surprise. "Your Grace?"

"Kuh." I choke out a reply, but it doesn't amount to much.

She stands beside the bed for a few seconds before sitting down again. "You can still move your right arm? Can you feel my hand?"

"Kuh."

A pause. "Ah, right. One cough for no, two for yes. That was the system, right?"

"Kuh. Kuh."

"So you can't feel my hand. I'm holding yours right now. Try to squeeze, if possible."

I try, but I'm unsure if it worked. Based on Phoebe's reaction, I failed. "Are you squeezing?"

"Kuh. Kuh."

"Nothing changed. Perhaps you can move your hand, but can't feel anything. Be careful, Your Grace. You could hurt yourself." She hesitates for a moment. "D-do you need to use the restroom?"

_That's an odd question,_ I think to myself. A moment later, it occurs to me the gravity of my situation.

Bed sores. Food. Toilet breaks. In the modern world I came from, a hospital would be well-equipped for all of those things. How am I going to use the bathroom in my current state? How will I wash myself? I won't. Phoebe will have to take care of me.

The thought makes me want to die. I've never felt so helpless and ashamed in my entire life.

Phoebe coughs. "I... I know you must have many thoughts now, Your Grace. I just want you to understand that I'm here for you. You saved my friends and me from a lifetime of servitude to a dark god. Please... please don't hesitate to use me. I will care for you with all my heart. I won't fail you like- like I... like I did King Arthur."

The bed shakes slightly. Phoebe chokes a little, making an odd noise in the process. She's crying again. Why does she weep for me? I feel like someone chained an anvil to my neck. I want to cry, too.

She wipes her eyes and touches my face. "Can you feel this, Your Grace?"

"Kuh. Kuh."

"Ah... I'm glad. I'll stay like this, just for a while, if you'd like."

"Kuh. Kuh."