Beelzebub and Rosalia slowly walk behind Bael and Mephisto. They watch as the massive demon whispers to his undead colleague conspiratorially.

"Mephisto is an interesting Duke," Rosalia murmurs. "He looks like a freaky undead monster, but he has feelings, likes and dislikes, things of that sort. I always thought he was just some creepy necrophiliac."

Beelzebub nods and keeps his voice low. "Master Agares told me a bit about each member of the Dukes and Emperors. Mephisto used to be an ordinary demon, but he was corrupted into a variant demon, and then later into a unique by Lucifer's power."

"Lucifer? Who's he?"

"She. Lucifer is the antithesis of pureblood demons. Most of us grow into purebloods, but Lucifer used her abilities to corrupt many of our people, and later the broodmothers themselves. They became aberrations, often with unusual powers. Master Agares and Mephisto were two such examples."

"Why haven't I ever heard of her, Mister Beelzebub?"

The group of four demons passes through a small crowd of people. They glance upward, toward the Slaughterseum's entrance looming overhead.

"Lucifer died a long time ago. Agares never spoke of why or how she passed, but I sensed it was a matter that temporarily destabilized the upper ranks of the Council. It happened around the time of the Energy Wars, though I couldn't tell if she died before or after."

"Energy Wars?"

Beelzebub, realizing what he said, curses himself silently. "Tch. Never mind. It's nothing a mere servant should concern herself with."

Rosalia asks Beelzebub another question, but his mind closes off to her. A dozen thoughts appear in his mind all at once.

_Mephisto. The Undead King. One of the few Variant Demons to successfully morph into a Unique. I saw only a fraction of his skills during the battle against the Black Queen, but what I saw was jaw-dropping. He possesses undead legions that spring from the ground and drag their enemies to a dirt slumber. He summoned an undead dragon and nearly single-handedly slew Emperor Diablo. Unlike Bael, Mephisto is a shrewd and cunning opponent. Were it not for his greed during our match, I might have lost._

The bright light from the Slaughterseum pours through the doorway ahead. The screaming crowd deafens the four demons as they stride toward the field. A steel gate bars the path, and the newcomers slow to a stop before it. 

Bael presses a button on the wall, then crosses his arms. "We gotta wait our turn. There's a match going. Look."

Beelzebub walks to Bael's side, his eyes glancing none-too surreptitiously at Bael's pouch, the one with the soul-stone.

Deciding not to make a grab for it, Beelzebub turns his attention to the arena. Half a dozen individual battles take place across the massive field. In total, the Slaughterseum holds up to 300,000 demons in the stands at any given time. The ceiling rises a thousand feet into the air, with goblins crawling all over it to chisel away pieces of the Labyrinth as it tries to reform itself.

The Baron of Flames clenches his fist. _The Slaughterseum. It's the ultimate demon entertainment exhibit: An artificial pit carved into the Labyrinth, intended to give demons thrills and gambling and all manner of other perverse entertainment. It's all part of the Emperor's strategy to prevent an uprising among the lower ranks. That's what Master Agares told me._

His eyes jump from one battle to the next.

In one of them, a male human and a woman stand chained together with their backs against a thick pillar. With their arms shackled together, they can do little more than wriggle and kick at the monsters encircling them.

The man screams in terror. "Spare me! Please! Kill her! I'll work my debts off! I'll do anything!"

Three orcs ride atop hellhounds while waving their spears toward the helpless slaves threateningly. Their hounds stand slightly taller than the humans, each one with sharpened claws that can cut through steel, and fifty eyes that swivel and move around independently, giving the fearsome predators excellent eyesight.

"Dumb hoomun! Dishonorable for man beg for mercy!" One of the orcs stabs his spear into the man's leg, cutting deep and shattering his thigh bone before quickly retracting his weapon. The man screams and wails in agony. 

"Ahhh! It hurts! Please, no more! No more!!"

One of the other orcs eyes the female slave. "Woman look tasty. Why kill? Tear man-filth arms off, keep slut for fun."

"Can't. Magister order. Kill both. Feed meat to pups. They soil Ose's clothes."

"Bah! Dumb demon woman. She make us waste perfectly good virgin meat!"

The first of the three orcs slaps his hellhound's rump. "Get her!"

Beelzebub watches bemusedly as the hounds rip and tear the screaming woman to pieces. The man follows shortly after.

"Ose sent those slaves here?"

Bael nods. "Yup. She hates humans even more than the average demon. As for me, I like having my way with the women before tossing 'em to the dogs."

Mephisto grins evilly. "Ossse likesss to give her ssslavesss a sssenssse of hope. Ssshe sssaysss ssshe will ssset them free, only to inssstead execute them. Ssshe likesss watching them ssscream in anguisssh."

"Interesting. Personally, I wouldn't waste the effort on a filthy insect. Kill the rat on the spot. Why bother with giving them hope or whatever?"

Bael grunts. "Dunno. Ose knows more about humans than any other demon. She probably has her reasons."

"Oh?"

"Yup. She studied at their, uh... their... what were those things called again?"

Mephisto answer's Bael's question. "Collegesss."

"Right. Those things. Yeah, Ose did a bunch of studying and learned about fleshbag brains or whatever. Most in the Council consider her the smartest demon."

Beelzebub crosses his arms. "Then why didn't you make her an Emperor sooner?"

"Didn't need to. Humans were under control until recently." Bael's eyes harden. "Until that filthy Hero showed up. Damn. I hate Heroes."

Rosalia blinks. "It sounds like you've had some bad experiences, Mister Bael, sir."

"If only you knew," Bael mutters. His eyes lower to the ground for a moment. "I remember when Agares and Lucifer fought the Hero-King. I was surprised they came back in one piece, but they barely made it out alive."

Beelzebub replies, "You mean Arthur? The one you fought on Polaris?"

"Yeah. Him. I remember when we found out he died. It was like a nonstop party in the Demon Dens for a hundred years after. Then the bastard had to come back after all this time. Nearly killed Diablo."

Mephisto shrinks slightly. "Oopsss."

"I don't blame you. You did what you had to. Considering that Word-shit kid destroyed the planet, it's probably better we got outta town. Diablo would've died for real."

Beelzebub returns his gaze to the battles outside. In one of them, three big orcs surround a Hellhound, holding only thick wooden sticks and nets as they try to wrangle the massive animal. The hound leaps around deftly and dodges their pointed branches. Only once it learns their movement patterns does it suddenly lunge forward and attack.

A slight stumble by one of the orcs leads to his demise. The fifty-eyed monster pounces at him and slashes his chest with its claws. Dozens of pounds of bone, blood, and tissue go flying as the animal nearly tears the orc in half. However, the orc's death allows his allies to dive toward the hound and hurl their net over the beast, twisting the net around its legs to trip it up. With a quick motion, the orcs twine the rope around and tie it off, leaving the wolf to chomp futilely at anyone in range.

"Not bad," Beelzebub mutters. "I heard it takes five orcs to catch a Hellhound. Most of the time, as many as three or four of them will die. This lot must be skilled."

Bael nods. "Leadership challenge. You don't see it often. Three of the biggest, meanest orcs get together to take on a Hellhound. It takes balls to try it, so even if one or two of 'em dies, they're honored by their clan. Fun to watch."

Several minutes pass — one by one, all six of the battles in the Slaughterseum end. Eventually, the field clears. Beelzebub watches in silence, a growing suspicion in the back of his mind. "Why aren't more battles starting?"

"I reserved the whole arena for this occasion." Bael smiles innocently. "I mean, it ain't often we get a new Duke."

Beelzebub glares daggers at his older peer. "There's something you're not telling me. You promoted Ose directly to Emperor. I'd expect her to receive a giant ceremony before little old me."

"Oh, she'll get a fancy ceremony, too," Bael promises. "But yours is... a little different."

"Bael. Jussst tell him."

A moment passes. The gate begins to rise.

"Nah. He'll find out soon enough." Bael turns to Rosalia. "You should get in the stands, cutie."

She blushes and nods. "O-okay!" 

However, her expression darkens as she realizes his implication.

The demons enter the Arena, and Rosalia splits off to climb the stairs up into the stands. Beelzebub glances back to see the patrons from the gambling den following them. The various monsters and demons walk behind Rosalia, plunking down here and there in the stands.

"Planning on a show?" Beelzebub asks.

The gate they passed through slams shut.

Something like that," Bael replies.

Trodding across the dirt, Beelzebub glances at the ceiling above. Hundreds of torches stay lit thanks to the tireless efforts of the goblins, along with the torches lining the walls and spectator stands. The room is stunningly bright, as though there was a sun directly overhead on a midsummer's day.

Beelzebub's eyes adjust. The two Dukes and newly risen Baron stride into the center of the arena, the former two positioning themselves directly opposite their junior.

"Alright, pup. I admire your patience. You've stayed with me up to now. So this is the final test. If you wanna back out, this is your last chance."

Bael pulls the soul-stone from his pocket and tosses it to Beelzebub.

"If you swallow that stone, you'll consume the souls inside and mutate into a Duke. But... there's one thing you should know."

Beelzebub resists the urge to immediately pop it into his mouth. "Yes?"

"You'll have to fight Mephisto and me. We gotta test ya to see if you're the right guy for the job."

Beelzebub sighs. "Haah... Two against one? You don't play fair. How am I supposed to beat two Dukes at the same time?"

Mephisto chuckles. "Keh keh keh... mossst amusssing. You misssunderssstand, Beelzebub. You can't win againssst usss. Your job isss to sssurvive for thirty minutesss."

Everything clicks in Beelzebub's mind. 

_Asking me to show up was a test of my resolve. The Sticks and Bones game was meant to test my judgment skills. And this battle... it's going to test my combat capabilities._

Beelzebub pops the soulstone into his mouth. "How many people have ever passed this test?"

Bael smirks. "None."

"Ksss. You're the firssst perssson to _take_ the tessst," Mephisto clarifies.

Beelzebub scowls at Bael as he swallows the soulstone. "You're a real piece of skarn-dropping, Bael."

The Duke of Pain smiles widely but doesn't respond.

A moment later, millions of lightning bolts explode in Beelzebub's stomach as the pill takes effect.

The Baron of Flames doubles over and clutches his gut. His head shakes. His body spasms. He falls to the ground, writhing as a million daggers pierce him from every direction.

_DAMN YOU BAEL! YOU SAID THIS WOULD FEEL LIKE ECSTASY! YOU FUCKING LIAR!_

Bael chuckles. "Ooh, that looks like it hurts."

Mephisto shakes his head. "Your sssadisssm knowsss no limitsss."

"Fuck off. Pain'll make the brat tougher."

............................................

[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkgR0SxmMKo)

The pain transforms into a roaring fire in Beelzebub's stomach. A short eternity passes as he wavers in and out of consciousness. 

Not even a minute after taking the pill, Beelzebub leaps to his feet. A soothing feeling sprouts in his stomach. Bael and Mephisto watch as flames begin burning his skin and sear his clothes to ash. The crowd gawks at the now-naked demon, while Rosalia leans forward intently. Drool spills from her mouth.

The fire grows more intense. Soon, it becomes a roaring blaze, engulfing Beelzebub's whole body in an infernal shroud.

Beelzebub holds his hand up and stares at it.

_This power awakening inside me is primeval, primordial. This is unlike anything I've felt in my life. It's almost as if-_

Bael lunges forward, laughing haughtily. "Bahaha! Time starts now, boy!"

His fist smashes Beelzebub's chest with astounding force, sending the arisen Duke flying backward. The instant Beelzebub strikes the ground, zombie arms burst out and grab his limbs, violently yanking him into the dirt.

The newly crowned Duke winces at his shattered ribcage. A moment later, he realizes that he doesn't feel any pain at all.

Beelzebub's shattered ribcage heals in less than a second when his enhanced Phoenix Physiology works its magic. He spots Bael leaping at him, and wriggles, trying to free himself. It's only when Big Bonk comes swinging down that Beelzebub's instincts take over.

Barely conscious of what powers he's awakened, Beelzebub's eyes begin to glow. A second before Bael's mace impacts him, Beelzebub blasts a concentrated stream of fire from his eyes, knocking Bael away and making the Duke drop his flail. Big Bonk strikes the ground only a few dozen feet away, making the arena shudder.

Beelzebub inhales and unleashes fire from every pore in his body. The expansion of heat fries the zombies holding him down to ash, and he jumps into the air, igniting flames from his soles to fly nearly a hundred feet into the air.

The crowd cheers and whoops excitedly. Rosalia screams, "Kick their butts, Mister Beelzebub! I believe in you!!"

Beelzebub looks around, scanning the battlefield. _Mephisto's gone. He must be hiding underground. His undead should be little more than a nuisance. It's Bael I have to watch out for. He hits like a Hydra._

Bael clutches his chest where Beelzebub shot him. "Aaaaaoooh! The pain! Gaaahhhh!"

Beelzebub flies a little lower. "Maybe I was wrong. It's hard to believe that hurt you."

Bael's pained grimace vanishes. "You're still an imp when it comes to the art of deception."

The Duke of Pain rolls over into a reverse-crab-walking position, revealing his undamaged chest. He smashes both arms and legs into the ground below him, pouncing at the unsuspecting Beelzebub. The newly crowned Duke yelps in surprise and tries to dodge, but Bael's movements are lightning-fast. Without much effort, he rips Beelzebub's arm off, soars past the youngster, and lands next to his flail with a _whump_.

Beelzebub clutches his arm, but once again, he doesn't feel any pain.

Bael spins around, flail in hand. "Hah! Gotch'err arm, idiot! Now you're in for a world of..."

Beelzebub sprouts a new arm in less than two seconds, causing Bael's taunts to falter.

"Heh, would you look at that? My regeneration is even more potent than before." Beelzebub glances at the arm in Bael's grasp. "Enjoy the souvenir. I've just tapped into one of my newest powers."

Bael glares at the kid. "Regeneration, huh? When'd you get that? Ain't seen a demon with an ability like that since..."

"Since Satan? I've heard a lot of demons comparing him to me lately." Beelzebub holds a hand up. "Say, have you ever played Hot Potato, Bael?"

Bael spits on the ground. "Pteh! Potatoes? Sounds like shitty human food."

Beelzebub targets the arm in Bael's grasp with his mind. "Not quite."

He snaps his fingers.

A moment later, the arm in Bael's grasp begins to shake violently. Bael stares at it dumbly. "What the hell? Why's this thing-"

**BOOOOM**!

The arm explodes with the force of a small bomb. Bael flies backward, bounding and careening across the arena until he crashes into a wall. The impact leaves a crater ten feet deep in its wake.

The audience goes silent, then applauds excitedly. Beelzebub grins as he stares at the result of his self-detonation.

Suddenly, a voice speaks from right behind Beelzebub.

"You forgot about me," Mephisto whispers. 

Beelzebub whirls around in midair just in time to see the aetherial duke plunge a spirit knife into his back, smiling the whole time.

Nothing happens.

Mephisto's wicked grin fades. He stares at the knife in confusion. "What?! I usssed my Pain Inducement! You ssshould be in agony!"

Beelzebub swats at the knife, but his hand passes through it. "Oh. That. I believe one of my new powers is pain immunity. Your skullduggery won't get you far with me."

Mephisto floats away from Beelzebub. Only the screams of goblins above give the young demon any warning. A moment later, one thousand ghouls fall from the ceiling onto Beelzebub, pulling him from the sky and hammering him into the arena floor below. Dirt explodes outward from the force of dozens of tons of flesh and bone.

Beelzebub blinks as the ghouls viciously tear his body apart. Still, he feels no pain. 

_You want a taste of me? Enjoy._

Summoning the energy from his body, he calls upon his newly realized power of Nuclear Manipulation to agitate the cells in his torn-off limbs.

One of the ghouls raises its head in confusion as its stomach begins to inflate.

The crowd stares at the mass of flesh piled atop the new Duke. Rosalia covers her mouth and tears well up in her eyes. "Oh no... Mister Beelzebub..."

A light like staring directly into the sun erupts from the pile of ghouls, blinding the audience for a moment. Beelzebub's torn-off body parts explode like a hundred tactical warheads, blasting apart the undead atop him and spraying their flesh across the arena. The spectators lean back and cover their faces as black blood and flesh rain down on them, coating their bodies in a foul, fetid stench.

Rosalia ignores the ghoul innards all over her and jumps to her feet, whooping and hollering ecstatically. "Yeahhhh! Whooo! Get 'em! Get 'em!!"

Beelzebub rises, purging the disgusting innards from his body with his Flame Cloak. 

Having already recovered from Beelzebub's surprise a minute before, Bael brushes ghoul blood off his chest. "Well, spawn of a Broodmother. Ain't you just the toughest gobby-fucker I've ever seen?"

Mephisto floats over to Bael. "Beelzebub regeneratesss from any wound. Not only that, but hisss body isss a living bomb."

"Yeah, I noticed." Bael shakes a slight stinging pain out of his right hand. "His exploding arm tickled me. Burned real good."

Beelzebub strides over with a huge smile stretched across his face. "Oh, dear, are you okay? I hope I didn't _hurt_ you."

"Tch." Bael grinds his teeth together. "I've felt real pain once before. Barbatos made sure of that." 

The Duke of Pain grabs the stick-end of his flail and yanks hard. Big Bonk lurches off the ground and flies across the hundred-foot gap and sails into his outstretched palm. Bael catches it effortlessly, acting as if the spiked-weapon were little more than a softball to him.

Beelzebub notices for the first time that Bael appears smaller than before. _No. That isn't it. Mephisto looks shorter, too. It's me. I've grown in size. I must be over seven-feet tall, now._

He sneers. _Neither Bael nor Mephisto can hurt me. I'll burn the hordes of undead off my body and tank anything the big guy throws at me. It'll be a cinch. I've never felt more confident in my life._

Mephisto glowers at Bael. "I have a sssolution. We ssshouldn't be humiliated by thisss upssstart."

Bael itches his ass. "Hope you've got an idea. I dunno if pounding his body into mulch will work this time." 

"Keep Beelzebub busssy," Mephisto whispers. 

The Duke of Mist floats underground, while Beelzebub activates his foot-thrusters to fly into the air. He pulls out his fingers and shapes them like a gun, then rapidly fires his Heat Bullets at the Duke of Pain below.

Bael stares silently as the bullets _piff_ against his body and fizzle into nothingness. "I probably didn't tell you this before, kid, but I'm your worst matchup. Ya see, I'm immune to fire."

Beelzebub stops shooting. "I'm immune to simple idiots punching me over and over."

"Bit of a stalemate we've got, then. Hehehe. Why not fly down here so we can talk this over like gentlemen?"

Slowly, Beelzebub lowers his palm to his waist. A fire-whip forms in his grasp. "How about... no?"

Beelzebub's eyes jerk to a torch about twenty feet behind Bael. A moment later, he vanishes.

Bael stares at the spot where Beelzebub was levitating only an instant before. "Wha-? Where'd that little imp-porker go?"

"Behind you." 

Beelzebub lashes his whip out and lashes his solar whip against Bael's back. It instantly cuts through Bael's thick hide, boiling the blood underneath and leaving a horrible, blackened scar.

"Gwaaah!" Bael jumps away and grabs his back. Blood trickles from the gash. "Cheh! You startled me!"

Beelzebub cocks his head. "You don't have the power of regeneration, do you? You're a physical fighter. If I cut you to pieces, you won't heal."

Bael snarls. "Go ahead and try. The burn feels nice. Only a little pansy-ass fears pain. Besides, I got blood that clots real easy."

Beelzebub lashes his whip out again, and it slices a gash across Bael's chest. The Duke doesn't flinch. "Uh oh, the pup isn't paying attention."

The ground shakes under Beelzebub. The young Duke jumps into the air and starts to fly away, but he's too slow. A massive undead hand explodes from the dirt, reaches up, and grabs his whole body.

"What?!" Beelzebub gasps.

A hundred-foot-tall undead monster climbs out of the ground. It makes no noise as it squeezes Beelzebub with all its strength. 

_Crack. Pop._

Beelzebub's bones and innards snap under the strength contained within the monster's grip. However, not once does Beelzebub feel any pain.

Beelzebub activates his Heat Vision and blasts the giant monster's thumb, but his fire doesn't affect it. Every second, his bones pop and snap some more as the creature squeezes him like a vice.

"Huh. Didn't expect that," Bael murmurs. "What is that thing?"

"A Brute." Mephisto emerges from underground, noticeably tired. "It is elementally resssissstant. I had to consssume a hundred Ghoulsss to mutate it. It will die in two minutesss. Crusssh the boy while we can."

"Hell yeah!" 

Bael leaps up to the giant's shoulder, and the crowd watches silently, everyone wondering who will win in this engagement.

Beelzebub strains his head around, but he doesn't feel anything as the silent behemoth grinds his body into pulp. _What should I do? My heat vision doesn't work. Should I fire-port away? Can't. I'm pinned. I'll have to detonate my body._

Before Beelzebub can agitate his cells once again, Bael arrives on the Brute's shoulder and swings Big Bonk down. "Special delivery!"

Beelzebub watches helplessly as the flail flies at him. Before he can activate his Heat Vision to knock it aside, the flail meets its target, crushing Beelzebub's skull and ripping the Brute's hand off. The flail careens toward the arena floor below, carrying Beelzebub's body along with it. When Beelzebub's body, the flail, and the Brute's hand hit the dirt, his mind goes blank.

............................................

"Shit. You passed. What the _hell_, man." 

Bael stands over Beelzebub's body as the younger demon awakens.

"Huh? What happened?"

He blinks and looks around. The spectator stands are noticeably emptier. About half as many monsters and demons stand around, uninterested in the final result.

"Mister Beelzebub!" Rosalia flops to the ground, bringing her hideous face within inches of his. "Omigosh! I thought you died! Are you okay? Does it hurt anywhere?"

"No. No, it doesn't." Beelzebub rubs his eyes, then stares at his naked body. "The last thing I remember was Bael's flail hitting me."

The body of the Brute rests motionless not far away, its body slowly dissolving into ash. 

Mephisto walks up behind Beelzebub. "Bael sssmassshed and pounded you, over and over. No matter how many timesss he crussshed your body, it regenerated. I've never ssseen such incredible recovery powersss in all my yearsss."

Beelzebub pulls himself to his feet. "What does this mean? Did I win?"

Bael shrugs. "Dunno. I'm tired of punching puddles of blood, though. Cripes. You're fuckin' unkillable, kid. I wouldn't say ya won, but'cha didn't lose. Either way... you lasted thirty minutes, so, welcome to the ranks of the Dukes."

Bael pats Beelzebub on the back, sending the younger one stumbling forward a foot or two before he recovers himself. Beelzebub rubs the spot where Bael smacked him. "My... my sense of touch is gone. It isn't pain I'm immune to, but touch all over my body."

Only now does Beelzebub notice the sickening sensation he'd been ignoring during the fight. _That's why my movements were so sluggish. I couldn't feel the subtle shifting of wind on my back, nor could I sense when Mephisto slipped his dagger into my gut._

Rosalia touches Beelzebub's arm, something he'd normally yell at her about. However, this time, he doesn't notice at all. "Are you sure, Mister Beelzebub? Can you feel this?"

"Feel what?" He looks at Rosalia, then spots her hand. For once, he doesn't yell at her or tell her to stop touching him. "No. I can't."

"Ksss. Unfortunate." Mephisto shakes his head. "You ssspent all that effort trying to become a Duke, only to lossse sssomething preciousss to you. Remindsss me of myssself."

Beelzebub blinks. "It does?"

"Yup," Bael says, jumping in. "Most of the time, when a demon evolves into a Duke, they lose something important. A piece of themselves."

"Oh? Did you lose anything?"

Bael glowers at him. "Nothin' you need ta know about."

"Fine." Beelzebub yawns. "I'm exhausted. Any more tests? I'd like to take a nap."

Bael shakes his head. "Naw. But uh... you won't be returnin' to your den. Mephisto. Gimme the thing."

Beelzebub and Rosalia watch quizzically as the Duke of Mist reaches into his cloak and procures a small envelope. When he pulls it away from himself, the object becomes corporeal, allowing Bael to grab it.

"The old man wanted you to have this. That is, assuming you ever reached the rank of Duke." Bael hands the envelope to Beelzebub. "You ain't just moving to Hell Harbor, kid. You get Agares' estate. I'd congratulate you, but, given he died and all..."

Beelzebub nods to Rosalia. "Take the note. I don't want to burn it accidentally. I can't control my powers yet."

She nods and accepts the note from Bael.

"Alright." Beelzebub yawns mightily. "Hell Harbor, then? When do we leave?"

Bael stares Beelzebub down. "Now. I've already talked to folks. Everything's waitin' for ya, whelp."

A sensation of satisfaction spreads through Beelzebub's body. "You expected me to pass the test?"

"I hoped ya would. I wasn't gonna take it easy on ya, though, just 'cause I owed the old man a favor or two. Anyway, shut up. We're boring the arena folks."

The four demons laugh and walk away, Beelzebub occasionally staring at the note in Rosalia's hand.

_I wonder what it says,_ he thinks to himself.

The Arena door slams shut behind them, and Bael raises an eyebrow. "Say, now that you're a Duke, what'cha gonna call yourself?"

Beelzebub stares ahead silently for a long minute as he contemplates the question.

"I will be... the Duke of... Inferno. Yes. The Duke of Inferno."

Rosalia claps excitedly. "I love it, Mister Beelzebub! You're the greatest demon ever!"