Part 382: Kordonis's Secrets
Part 382: Kordonis's Secrets

Jason and his comrades raise their eyebrows in surprise as several crew-members of the Hatoraxia walk into the Leisure Hall. While presently, only the Captain and Jason's men are inside, ordinarily this room will have as many as one or two hundred Volgrim inside. Therefore, it currently feels quite empty, with only one of the long and wide tables having anyone sat down.

These crew-members aren't there to fraternize, though. Instead, they bring with them more than twenty plates of food. They place the food down on humanity's side of the table, while placing nothing on Kordonis's side.

After uncovering the dishes, fragrant smells drift into the air. In an instant, Jason and the rest of his soldiers evaluate their contents, raising their eyebrows even higher.

"American, Greek, Turkish, Indonesian, Chinese, and even Japanese cooking." Jason mutters out loud. "These dishes all seem to be..."

"That is right." Kordonis says, spreading his arms a little to show his magnanimity. "These are all authentic dishes modeled just like the ones you would have found on Earth."

Jason eyes the many varieties of pork, chicken, rice, and pasta. His gaze sweeps across seafood, Mexican dishes like burritos and tamales, and most importantly, hamburgers.

So many hamburgers.

An entire plate of high-class hamburgers. At least thirty of them.

"Authentic Earth food." Jason says, tilting his eyes in Kordonis's direction. "Given how Earth is... extinct... how are you able to make all of this?"

"Isn't it obvious?" Kordonis asks. "Replicators. Our replicators are capable of creating any sort of exotic cuisine you can imagine. Of course, we Volgrim do not typically need to consume edible nutrition more than once every several cycles, but we may engage in recreational consumption for the sake of pleasure."

Samuel clears his throat. "Ahem. Well, shit, don't mind if I do. Boss, pass me two of those burgers. Sally, spoon me some of that Italian Fettuccini."

Jason nods quietly. He and the others start passing out food, filling their plates, and eating whatever suits their fancy.

However, Jason himself doesn't eat anything. He realizes in an instant the true purpose behind this meal.

_We've barely even left orbit and the Volgrim are already feeding us? Furthermore, they aren't eating anything themselves. It might seem slight... but this is a power move on their part. They're trying to insinuate that our need to 'consume nutrients' makes us lower than them. If I refuse their 'generous offer,' I'll surely sound petty. But if I dig in while they don't, I'll seem like a stupid monkey eating scraps while they lord over me from the other end of the table._

As such, Jason opts to eat nothing himself, allowing his men to do so instead. Of course, he's not the only person to ignore the food. Emperor Serena also continues sitting quietly, like a dignified princess oblivious to the rabble of the commoners.

"You are not hungry?" Kordonis asks, his tone 'innocent.'

Jason gestures to the giant minotaur beside him. "I brought along my personal chef, Yamir. He always makes my food. I only ate an hour ago, so I'm fine. I'm much more interested in learning more about your Technopath clans, as well as the other Volgrim subspecies."

Kordonis realizes the Wordsmith has seen through his ploy, but he doesn't bother pressing the issue. After all, in the end, it's merely a minor psychological trick, and nothing worth making a big fuss over.

While Jason's people loudly munch on burgers and slurp down pasta, Kordonis continues with his discussion.

"The Technopath clans are not limited to only Oblong and Symmetra. No, tens of thousands of them exist in the Volgrim Empire. Some large, and some small. The bigger clans often contract low-priority work to the smaller ones. Even this ship has some elements from the design work Oblong contracted to Clan Corona, which installed microscopic biological entity scanners in all of the different entry and transfer points throughout the Hatoraxia. That way, our people would not accidentally introduce foreign pathogens to our crew, causing a viral outbreak."

"I didn't notice anything when I entered." Jason remarks. "Were we scanned?"

"That's right. Clan Oblong has its own anti-pathogen scanners, but our pale in comparison to Clan Corona's. A lot of smaller clans can carve out their own niche by focusing on lower-tiered technology and raising it to a higher level. Clan Oblong is more of a 'greater picture' clan than a 'small details' clan."

He continues. "There is also Clan Kokorat, which is another of the bigger clans. They actually maintain the Warpgate infrastructure, but they are not its original creators. And thank the Founders, for that clan is a bunch of worthless, addle-brained idiots! They should never be allowed near technology!"

"Oh? What's their problem?" Jason probes further.

"We Oblongers place a high focus on low-cost overhead development, with additional focus put on utilitarianism in our technology. But Kokorat is filled with fools who take a similar premise much too far! They always cut corners and leave all sorts of faults in their vessels. As the saying goes, 'Live in a Kokorat ship, die in a Kokorat ship!' Everything they make is a walking time bomb. They are a disgrace to the Founders!"

At this point, Miikil speaks up. [They are able to create and build technology much faster than the other clans. Therefore, they do still have an important use to our glorious Empire. Most of the newest and freshest recruits ride to the border battlefields on Kokorat vessels. Better to lose them in an accident than a more elite fighting force.]

Kordonis turns his attention to Miikil and harrumphs. "Better not to lose anyone to an accident! Those damned _koko-rats_ have probably killed more loyal Volgrim soldiers than the Plague has!"

He mutters several curses under his breath before turning back to the Wordsmith.

"Anyway. There are too many Technopath clans for me to mention them all. Clan Dyna is one you should remember, though. They hold the highest access to classified military technology and information. They have developed many forms of classified technology that I won't be able to see no matter how high I rise in Oblong's hierarchy. Despite their prestige, they are actually only a mid-sized clan with fewer members than Kokorat, Symmetra, and Oblong. Even so, they have gained access to many keys of power. Founder Cuanali is the one who originally created Clan Dyna, countless eons ago!"

Miikil closes all six of her eyes. [It is said that Clan Dyna is a clan so ancient that they even existed during the Great Wars. They are most likely the clan which helped create the Sentinels, machines which wiped out 99% of all Volgrim in the galaxy.]

"That's right." Kordonis nods. "So if you encounter a member of Dyna, even a seemingly low-level officer, keep any criticisms locked within your primitive throat! You never know what sort of tragedy might befall you, even if you are Founder Unarin's personal guest."

Jason nods. As the Wordsmith, he couldn't give less of a shit about this Clan Dyna or whatever. But the same can't be said for his soldiers.

"You hear that?" Jason asks, rhetorically. "Make sure you keep your noses clean while we're on Volgarius."

Samuel and the rest nod in between bites of food. "Yes, sir."

"There is plenty more worth mentioning about the Technopath clans," Kordonis continues, "but those can be shelved for later. Are you familiar with the other Volgrim subspecies?"

Jason shrugs. "I know they're called the Ascended, Changelings, and... Volgrimites?"

"Dolgrimites." Kordonis corrects him. "They are the most elusive of all the subspecies. While their population does number a few billion, they confine themselves almost entirely to the former homeworld of Volgrimkind, Grimvolas. They have not participated in the war against the Kolvaxians. Even the Fifth Founder, Cinculu, does not show himself in public events. I've yet to actually exchange any words with a Dolgrimite, and I'm tens of thousands of cycles old."

"I don't get it." Jason says. "Why are the Dolgrimites such recluses?"

[There are many conflicting stated reasons and theories.] Miikil answers. [The most logical and compelling reason is that they believe all of the calamities the Volgrim have suffered came as a result of our own hubris. We created the Sentinels. We expanded too aggressively and ended up in a war with Earth. And now they even blame our current predicament with the Kolvaxians on our expansionary greed.]

Kordonis snorts. [The Dolgrimites are powerful. Each individual wields tremendous physical strength. I don't know how they would stack up to humanity's Heroes, or Demon Emperors, Archangels, and the like... but if they did come up short, it wouldn't be by much. Personally, most Volgrim don't like them. We Technopaths, especially. The Dolgrimites are a bunch of primitive savages, not unlike- err, I'm sure you can understand my meaning. They swear off technology in all its forms and instead try to commune with 'nature' and their 'highest god'."

[They are a bunch of religious fanatics.] Miikil states. [You're unlikely to ever encounter a Dolgrimite. But if you do, steer clear of them. You wouldn't want to enrage them with an accidental slight against their sensibilities.]

"I see. And what about the Changelings?" Jason asks, as a glint flickers in his eye. "I imagine I'll run into them during our foray."

Kordonis's expression shifts imperceptibly. Indeed, Founder Unarin has gone to great lengths to remove all the Changelings from the Hatoraxia's crew so that the humans won't be able to obtain any DNA or useful information from them. After all, they can't say for certain if the Wordsmith will be capable of identifying the Volgrim's hidden agents on Tarus II, but giving Jason any sort of access to Changelings might shift the balance in his favor.

As such, Kordonis hesitates for a moment, not certain of what he should say.

"The Changelings are... a busy species." Kordonis says. "They are always hard at work, performing scientific research. Especially with regards to the Kolvaxians."

"And they can shift their bodies." Jason says. "I'm _very_ interested in learning how such a procedure works. Do you think you could fill me in on the more... _subtle details?_"

Kordonis's eye twitches.

"Haha... I do not have access to such information, unfortunately. As this is a military ship, we do not typically bring Changelings along with us."

"Oh. Is that so?" Jason asks, his voice lilting inquisitively. "That's funny. I could have sworn when I teleported aboard the Hatoraxia the first time that I saw a few Changelings among your crew?"

Lieutenant Samuel pauses his chewing to glance between the Wordsmith and the Hatoraxia's Captain with interest, but says nothing.

Kordonis forces a neutral expression, but a gloomy shadow appears under his eyes. "Those were mere junior officers we were transporting to Volgarius from a remote outpost. Generally, the Hatoraxia does not carry any Changelings in its crew complement."

"Too bad." Jason says, leaning back a little in his chair. "And here I was hoping to meet a few of them. I have a professional interest in their body shifting techniques, as you can imagine. Because of my good friend, Emperor Belial."

Kordonis's face loses a bit of its color. "Of course. Because of Belial."

The Wordsmith flashes a sickeningly sweet smile, having gotten his message across. "Perhaps I'll be able to meet a few of these Changelings on Volgarius."

"Yes. Perhaps." Kordonis says slowly, forcing a smile of his own. "Ah, and what of the Ascended? Have you heard of them, Wordsmith?"

Despite Kordonis's blatant attempt to change the topic, Jason doesn't question his motivations, and instead lets him off easily.

"The Ascended. All I know is that Unarin is one. What can you tell me about them?"

"Among the Volgrim, the Ascended are the most numerous, and not by a small margin, but by a vast and unfathomable sea." Kordonis says, extremely glad to have changed the subject. "The Technopaths are the second most numerous of the species, yet for every individual Technopath, there exists a thousand Ascended! Even so, despite the unbelievable population the Ascended possess, you will most likely encounter even fewer of them than you will the Dolgrimites. If it weren't for Founder Unarin and a few carefully placed Ascended among the highest echelons of government, I would personally never have seen one in the flesh."

"From what I understand," Jason says, "The Ascended all live inside of... virtual reality pods?"

"That's right." Kordonis says. "They live lives of pure bliss. They all mentally exist inside a shared living space we call the 'Kingdom of Paradise.' However, that is not to say that they are soft, or that they love peace. In fact, most Ascended are even more violent and bloodthirsty than the Psions. It's just that... they engage in brutal, never-ending war within the virtual worlds, where they will personally rip apart and murder septillions every cycle."

[Other subspecies can and have visited the Kingdom of Paradise.] Miikil adds. [I paid a visit there once, myself. As part of my training, I was allowed to spend ten orbital cycles inside, wherein I engaged in the daily battles and struggles the Ascended did. I was shocked by their vicious and brutal methods of dispatching their enemies.]

"They kill each other, revive, and kill each other again." Kordonis chuckles. "Of course, while they may war with one another endlessly, they would describe this as 'fun' or as 'casual exercise.' Indeed, they also engage in virtual gluttony, intercourse, and other primitive wants and desires. The Kingdom of Paradise is a place where the Ascended can live carnal and indecent lives far away from the confines of the mortal realm."

Samuel, having finished his burgers and pasta, leans back in his chair, satisfied.

"I don't get it. Aren't you guys in the middle of a war? Why aren't the Ascended helping you fight the Plague?"

"In a way, they are." Kordonis explains. "The Ascended live within a virtual reality where they can not only fight and engage in daily pleasures, but their perception of time is also greatly increased. A single cycle in our realm is a hundred cycles in theirs. Therefore, we often send Changelings inside to perform important research at accelerated mental speeds."

"That's not the Ascended doing anything special." Jason retorts. "That's just the Paradise being a useful tool for Volgrimkind. Honestly, these Ascended seem like freeloaders. You've got Unarin doing important work, but the rest of them are dicking around inside a giant videogame. When you've got a galaxy-class threat knocking at your doorstep, you shouldn't be screwing around."

Kordonis shakes his head helplessly. "I am not qualified to question the Founders' intentions. If they have allowed the Ascended to live inside the Kingdom of Paradise, they must have a good reason for doing so."

Samuel snorts. "Yeah. It's called preferential treatment."

Kordonis frowns. "And by that, you mean...?"

"Isn't it obvious?" Samuel asks. "Unarin is the head honcho of the Volgrim. While the other subspecies bleed and suffer and die at the hands of the Kolvaxians, his subspecies gets to multiply and live happy, carefree lives in their little isolated paradise. Awfully convenient, don't you think?"

Miikil abruptly stands up. [Insolent! How dare you question the integrity of our First Founder?! Dull-headed mud-dweller! You know nothing of Founder Unarin's sacrifices! He has fought and lost too much for the likes of you to-]

"Invocator Miikil." Kordonis quickly interrupts, shooting a pointed look at her. "They are ignorant backwater people. They cannot be faulted for not respecting our great and noble leaders. Take your seat and speak no further antagonistic words to our... respected guests."

Miikil inhales several times. She glares daggers at Samuel, as if wanting to rip him apart right then and there.

After a few moments, she abruptly plunks back down in her chair, but her expression doesn't soften in the slightest.

[You had better take care not to utter such words on Volgarius!] She mentally shouts. [Founder Unarin is not just the most respected member of our species, but something more akin to a deity! You dare not provoke the ire of a High Psion, lest they crush you into plasma without waiting for an explanation!]

Jason glances at Samuel. Seeing the Wordsmith's expression, Samuel nods apologetically.

"Sorry. I ran my mouth without thinking. Of course your First Founder knows more than me. I'm sure he has plans I can't even wrap my primitive brain around."

Immediately, Miikil calms down.

[Hmph. At least you know how to apologize properly.]

With that outburst lingering in the air, the atmosphere around the table turns a little awkward. Having finished their food, humanity's soldiers eventually take their leave, retiring to their quarters along with the Wordsmith, while Miikil and Kordonis head back to the Bridge to deal with other matters.

As Jason and his men reach their quarters, he pauses to turn to Emperor Serena.

"Pardon me for being blunt, but what is your reasoning for tagging along? You've barely said anything the whole time."

Serena's sightless eyes gaze through Jason, as if he isn't even there.

"I am Gorn's ears. Anything I hear, I will report to him when I return."

Jason frowns. "What, so you're a spy? Are you really going to just say that straight to my face? That takes some guts."

Serena slowly waves her hands. "You already know this truth, so why should I act as if you do not? I am not interested in you, but in the Volgrim. I wish to learn what they have been up to since the end of the Energy Wars."

Jason's eyes flicker with insight. He falls silent, instead opting to switch to telepathic communication through his Wordsmithing so that the ship's internal recordings won't pick up his next words.

[Are you saying that Gorn wishes to get a better grasp on the Volgrim's wartime capabilities?]

Serena blinks slowly. [It is as you infer.]

[But why?] Jason asks. [Don't tell me he plans to fight them?]

[Perhaps he does, and perhaps he does not.] Serena replies. [It is not my place to speak for him. However, one thing is certain. The Volgrim have lied to you several times now.]

Jason blinks in surprise. [They have?]

[Yes. At the very least, they have not spoken the full truth. The Ascended are much more important than Kordonis has let on. There is almost certainly a greater secret at work regarding their subspecies.]

[That's not telling me anything.] Jason replies. [What secret are you referring to?]

The Emperor of Soul Whispers shakes her head. [I do not know.]

[So you're making a blind guess?] Jason asks, feeling stifled in his chest. [Then how do you know Kordonis is hiding information?!]

For a brief moment, Serena says nothing. Then, she cocks her head.

[His soul... whispered to me.]

[Yeah??] Jason asks, even more bewildered. [So what did it say? You're speaking in riddles!]

Serena lowers her head. She chews her lip, while a thoughtful expression plays upon her lips.

[It is not what his soul whispered, but what it did _not_ whisper. There is something he is not saying. Perhaps it is something he does not even know himself. He certainly harbors questions of his own, regarding the true purpose behind the Ascended.]

Serena raises her eyes.

[Even their very name... _The Ascended..._ what do you suppose they have ascended... _from_?]

Jason knits his brow.

[That... that is a good question. Haven't they ascended beyond the mortal coil? Now they live in some fancy virtual reality, where the rest of the subspecies can't? That's like ascending to a higher existence, right?]

Serena shrugs, ever so slightly.

[Mmm. Perhaps that is it. I will take my leave, Wordsmith.]

After exchanging a polite curtsy with Jason, Serena turns away and heads to her personal quarters, her princess-like figure and snow-white dress vanishing through the closed door.

After she leaves, Jason continues to stand in the hallway. He glances around, wrestling with the thoughts in his mind.

_Are the Ascended hiding something? Is there truly a greater purpose behind their existence?_

A chill goes down Jason's spine. He glances around again, feeling a cold sweat drip down his back.

_And why does it feel like someone is always WATCHING me?_