Part 328: History And Future
Part 328: History And Future

Founder Unarin's head administrator, Muuxunuu, spreads her arms out and holds her palms face-up.

"The Kolvaxians are a threat the likes of which our people might not survive. However, if we pool our resources together and follow Founder Unarin's direction, I believe that eventually, we will purge the galaxy of their threat."

She lowers her arms and falls silent for a moment before continuing.

"In the eighty-five thousand cycles since the Kolvaxians have appeared, we have lost tens of trillions of fellow Volgrim. Thousands of worlds have fallen. Mighty warriors and elites have perished, never to return. We have increased the speed at which we replicate new Volgrim spawn, and yet, I feel that we have lost something important. Today, countless younger members of our species do not know the glory that once was our empire. They know only the creeping dread of our seemingly unstoppable enemy. Before I discuss the Kolvaxians in greater detail, let me tell you about our people and our rich, storied history."

"Our people evolved on a single backwater world." Muuxunuu states. "Grimvolas, the previous homeworld. Over the course of just one hundred thousand short cycles, we became a galaxy-faring species capable of traversing the stars. However, the Seven Great Wars nearly rendered our entire species extinct. It was only due to the guidance of a small group of rebels, those who hated the order of the Old Empire and who sought to reshape it into a unified one, that our people eventually ascended to a new plane of existence. Those rebels were our Five Great Founders."

"The Seven Great wars were, in many ways, not exceptionally different from the War we fight now. Brutal. Unending. Seemingly no chance of victory for any side. In the days before Founder Unarin's Enlightenment, when he divined the cause and effect of Order to Chaos, our brothers and sisters ripped each other apart without mercy. So brutal were our tactics that even the species we now refer to as 'mud-dwellers' would look upon us with dismay."

As Muuxunuu talks, Founders Treyza and Cuanali remain silent. However, distinct emotions appear in their eyes as they recall the Founding Eras which eventually led to their complete and total control of Volgrimkind.

"In the First Great War," Muuxunuu says, "The five species warred among themselves. Technopaths fought Technopaths. Psions fought Psions. This was known as the War of Brothers."

"In the Second Great War, the five species began to battle one another, all while vying for territory. Exceptionally bloody conflicts broke out across hundreds of worlds. Not content with killing their own species, every Volgrim begin to view the other species as even more fearsome enemies. This was known as the War of Differences."

"In the Third Great War, we began to use weapons of terrifying power. Planets fell. Territory lost its meaning. The grievances from the first two wars built up into irreconcilable differences that made extermination our primary desire. This was known as the War of Extermination."

Muuxunuu pauses. She nods slowly, seeing the looks on the many elite's faces. Those present in the Founder's Eye are not young, and many of them were born and raised during or shortly after the Seven Great Wars. However, hearing her vivid firsthand description of the past turns many of them nostalgic, making them reminisce about their species' roots.

"The Fourth Great War was a turning point. After the War of Extermination, many of us became weary of the endless battle. For seventy-five thousand cycles, we killed each other by the billions. We became bitter, thinking there would never come an end to the conflicts. Eventually, we began to fight in smaller-scale battles. Strategic ones that did not threaten our core worlds and territories. This was known as the War of Caution."

"Unfortunately, or perhaps fortunately, depending on how one looks at the past, the War of Caution did not last long. Unarin and the other Four Founders began to rise to prominence. As long-lived war heroes who survived all of the previous Great Wars, they were outspoken advocates for peace and unification. However, their words did not have any notable effect on the corrupt tyrants and power-mad despots of the Old Empire. As such, they began to look to permanent solutions. Thus, they founded the Five Fingers, an organization which would eventually become the Five Founders' base of power."

Muuxunuu calls up several images on her screen, images which send chills down the spines of every single ancient Volgrim watching the Grand Assembly's proceedings.

"The Fifth Great War was a turning point. With the assistance of Founder Cuanali and several other noteworthy Technopaths, including the great Psymin Miralax, seated here today, the Five Founders initiated a brazen plan to eliminate the power structure of the Old Empire. They created... the Sentinels."

Muuxunuu gestures to the holographic images of bipedal machines, each one with their own unique design, yet all possessing similar designs.

One of them is a pitch-black automaton with red accents, a blood-red iris implant, and smooth armor with few visible seams. Its 'fingers' narrow to knife-points, making it appear like a weapon capable of ripping through exosteel.

Another is a neon yellow robot with black stripes going off in different directions to break up its color palette. In addition to a standard left arm with five fingers, a built-in Lightning Gun sits embedded in its right hand, a weapon capable of overloading power sources, blasting holes in sturdy spaceship armor, and otherwise annihilating its enemies.

Muuxunuu continues. "The Sentinels were Unarin's ultimate weapon. Through the efforts of the Celestial Designers of that time, the very highest of Technopath elites, our species managed to create machines made from Living Moldanium, the sturdiest alloy in the universe. This rare material gave the Sentinels unmatched offensive and defensive power. It made them killing machines capable of stepping into any base, no matter how fortified, and eliminating all enemy assets without fail."

"Founder Unarin sent them out to kill the failed leaders of the Old Empire. Within less than a hundred cycles, he succeeded in his goal. This resulted in the Fifth Great War, the War of Suppression. Founder Unarin crushed his enemies and established a new galactic power structure, one that resulted in a brief but welcome era of peace."

As Muuxunuu finishes her sentence, Fourth Founder Cuanali stands up, drawing the attention of all the spectators. Muuxunuu falls silent and turns to look at the respected Founder, giving her the floor.

"The Sixth Great War. It was where we went wrong." Founder Cuanali says, her raspy and robotic voice transmitting to every spectator. "The Rebellion War occurred when the Sentinels we programmed began to act in odd and undesired ways. They killed civilians without cause. They incited fear and anger among the populace. This resulted in a violent revolt. Across several planets, people began to attack the Sentinels on sight. This triggered a programming error in their core matrices. They switched to viewing all biological life as inferior. They began to exterminate us, en-masse."

The Fourth Founder shakes her head.

"The first Great Wars pitted brother against brother. The last great wars pitted Volgrim against machine. We nearly lost everything. In the Seventh Great War, the War of Unification, we finally cast aside our differences to join hands against the Sentinels. During that last war... ninety-seven percent of our populace perished. Much like the current War, we faced an enemy that we simply could not injure, wound, or slow down. It was only by uniting our greatest minds to create the Gatekeeper Protocol that we finally deactivated the Sentinels, once and for all."

A solemn aura spreads throughout the Founder's Eye. Of the few thousand Ancient Volgrim present, those who lived all those millions of years ago, they recall the faint, distant memories of long-lost friends, brothers, sisters, and comrades they will never see again.

In the small pod belonging to Sangin Lidra and Psymin Miralax, the very few young Volgrim simply stare at the images of the holographic killing machines, ancient weapons which they have only read about in history books.

_Reading about our history from data files is simply not the same as hearing a survivor speak of the events firsthand..._ Kordonis silently ponders. _Young Volgrim like myself can only imagine the struggles the Founders had to endure to create the long-lasting Empire we have today._

After finishing her improvised speech, Founder Cuanali sits down, returning the floor to Muuxunuu.

Unperturbed by the Founder's interruption, Muuxunuu bows her head in respect before continuing with her speech.

"The Seven Great Wars culminated in our species' last battle for survival. During those dark days, the last three percent of our people thought we might not live long enough to see the Gatekeeper's completion. Fortunately, Founder Unarin, Founder Cuanali, and all the Celestial Designers managed to complete their weapon against the Sentinels and deactivate them forever."

"Today, we face a threat just as terrifying as the Sentinels, but this time, we do not have a Gatekeeper Protocol. We do not have a solution to defeat our enemies, and our situation grows more dire by the hour. This Grand Assembly is all about combating the Kolvaxians, and what we can do to stop them. Now, let us move onto our enemies themselves. For the first time, we will distribute all the detailed knowledge we have accumulated regarding this plague-like threat. However, what knowledge we do possess is frighteningly little. The Kolvaxians are as enigmatic as they are lethal."

Muuxunuu waves her hand, causing the images of the Sentinels to vanish. The moment those horrifying, ancient machines disappear from view, every Ancient Volgrim present heaves a sigh of relief. Even the most stalwart commanders of legions don't hesitate to show some emotion regarding the monsters which nearly wiped out their species. Only the youngest Volgrim, generations removed from their predecessors, view the holograms with a distinct lack of reverence.

"Let us start with the origins of our enemies. Fifteen thousand cycles after the Energy Wars, when we defeated the small-scale resistance on Planet Earth, the first Kolvaxian showed up on an outer rim world. At the time, we believed this infectious parasite, this enhanced and seemingly mindless organism, to have been a bio-research experiment gone horribly wrong. However, none of our greatest minds could have imagined that within just ten short planetary cycles, that entire world would collapse into anarchy and disarray. Due to our delays in dealing with the first parasitic strain, it managed to spread to more than five other worlds. Had we immediately acted to kill the first plaguehosts, rather than attempt to capture and study them, we might not be in our current situation."

"Today," Muuxunuu says, changing the view to show a small-scale model of the Milky Way, "the Plague has spread to cover many of the fringe worlds in the Outer Rim. The Western, Northern, and Eastern arms of our galaxy have become safe havens for the parasites. They have yet to fully take over the Southern Arm, but we estimate that within a hundred orbital cycles, they will succeed. And that is where our worst predictions begin to take hold. They will slowly move deeper into the galaxy, infecting one world after another, until they have infected our very core."

Founder Treyza rises to their feet. Muuxunuu falls silent, allowing the most renowned scientist in the Volgrim Empire to speak its thoughts.

"This one has conferred with many distinguished minds among our people." Treyza says, spreading out its webbed-hands. Its bulbous eyes glance around the room in even, sweeping gestures, as it speaks to the many delegates present. "We no longer believe the Kolvaxians are a simple parasitic experiment. In fact, we believe they are invaders from another galaxy."

Gasps of shock go up among the Volgrim. Some of the highest minds appear unmoved, having already heard this news in private, but among the mid and lower-level elites, pure chaos erupts as several hundred rise to their feet.

"Invaders from another galaxy? Then you mean to say this is a coordinated attack?"

[Impossible! The Plague is mindless! It simply spreads its infection wantonly.]

"What galaxy do the Kolvaxians originate from? How can you be so certain?!"

Many cries of outrage mix with questions to create a cacophony of noise. Treyza remains silent for several seconds, allowing the shock to reverberate in the room. Eventually, they raise their hands to silence the crowd.

"This one will answer all of your questions. Please be seated."

With two short sentences, Treyza silences the room. All the shock and awe subsides as every Volgrim quickly re-seats themselves, remembering they are in the presence of two of their revered Founders.

Treyza clears their throat. "One fact which Miss Muuxunuu mentioned previously still rings true. We know very little about the Kolvaxians. By giving them a designation, instead of referring to them as a mere Plague, we intend to change our methods of dealing with them, moving forward. Some of you have already noted that the Plague's previously simple and mindless movements have changed during the past two thousand cycles. They have begun using Psionic powers, when they obtain a Psion's host body. During the Fall of Wellak, Executors Huron and Sartran perished in battle. Some time later, after they revived, we discovered that duplicates of their bodies had appeared in a border skirmish, and those duplicates were able to competently wield Seventh-Level Psionics. While significantly less capable than the actual Executors, these two plaguehosts became major threats to our armada."

This revelation stirs much less controversy than the previous one, given how many Volgrim present know about the loss of Planet Wellak. The appearance of plaguehost Executors caused a major uproar in their armies only a few years earlier.

"More alarmingly," Treyza continues, "The duplicated Executors have been slain on five separate occasions, yet they keep reviving. We believe it is possible that the Kolvaxians have assimilated their genetic uniqueness. They are now able to replicate and create the powers of Executor Huron and Executor Sartran at will. This means they will continue to remain a threat, no matter how many times we slay them."

Executor Huron himself levitates next to Executor Nufaris and the other three high-ranking Psions of the eighth-level. As if to assuage the concerns of all the assembly-members, he raises his hand.

[Presently, it appears that my doppelganger can only appear in one place at a time. However, if the Kolvaxians become capable of replicating multiple copies of my body, they will be able to launch simultaneous attacks with the power of a seventh-ranked Psion. We cannot overlook this dire possibility.]

Treyza continues, once Executor Huron has finished speaking. "With regards to the Kolvaxians, the only thing that manages to slow down their spread is the Total Rendition of their worlds. Historically, we have used a mixture of Neutron Bombs and high-ranking Psionic power to condemn plaguetouched worlds to the nether. However, with the realization that the Plague can infest high-ranking Psions, we have been forced to switch to only launching Neutron Bombs from a distance. We cannot risk additional high-ranking Psions falling into the clutches of our enemies."

Cuanali stands up, chiming in with her own input. "With regards to the Neutron Bombs. Our supply is low. Our supplier, Marie Becker, cannot manufacture them quickly enough to meet demands. This has resulted in an exponential increase in Plaguetouched Worlds. We cannot destroy them faster than our enemies can infect them."

"Indeed." Treyza says, their tone grave. "We have explored many hypothetical options for combating the Kolvaxians. In secret, we have completed the work on ten capitol-class starships capable of sustaining Volgrim life among the stars. Please take a look."

Treyza motions with its hands, summoning an image of a massive, metal sphere, one that appears to be roughly a tenth the size of a small moon. Its relatively smooth surface, mixed with dozens of large hangars for fitting smaller ships, makes it look something like a mobile fortress.

"This is a special type of spaceship we have designated 'Refuge.' It possesses the theoretical maximum capacity of one million Volgrim crew and civilians. In the event the Kolvaxians overrun us, we are preparing measures to escape the Milky Way. These vessels are one of them."

After Treyza mentions the new spacecraft, one of the longer-lived Technopaths in the audience stands up on her spider-legs. Her holographic body flickers for a half-second as the projectors realign to display her full figure.

"Founder Treyza. These 'Refuge' ships appear to be based on the many deep-void exploration prototypes we were considering prior to the Energy Wars. Do they bear any relation to those vessels?"

"They do." Treyza answers. "Originally, the starships you refer to were intended to be used for exploring the Void beyond our galaxy's confines. However, these Refuge variants are intended purely for survival in the distant reaches of the Void. In the event the Kolvaxians overrun us, we five Founders have made a solemn pact. We will send off the younger generation to ten other galaxies and stay behind. If we allow our great Empire to fall, we will not deserve to count ourselves among the refugees."

Treyza's declaration causes many people, especially the younger Volgrim watching the stream remotely, to gasp in shock.

_The Founders, legendary figures who brought Volgrimkind to its apex, now solemnly swear to give up their lives if their enemies overrun them._

This thought flashes through the minds of countless observers, causing the Founders' most diehard devotees to experience surges of pride and sorrow at the thought their Empire might genuinely be facing a crisis which will result in their total extermination.

"Worry not." Treyza says, as they puff their chest out with pride. "All five of us have lived long and worthy lives. If the worst should come to pass, the Executors and other leading Volgrim members will become the Founders of the next generation. We have already elected five suitable candidates to replace us."

Cuanali speaks after Treyza. "However. Our species will not necessarily fall. The Kolvaxians are strong. They are monsters that cannot be assessed by common sense. But they are not invincible. We will next discuss the measures we might take to ultimately defeat the blight ravaging our galaxy."

The two Founders turn their heads to nod at Muuxunuu before sitting down, once again returning the floor to her.

"The Volgrim have become a slow-minded species." Muuxunuu states. "Our long lives make us slow and resistant to change. We tend to think in terms of many hundreds or thousands of cycles. Sadly, the Kolvaxians are not like us. They evolve faster and faster every cycle. Their intelligence parameters improve visibly over time. This makes them a threat that will ultimately overrun us if we fail to rework all of our existing systems."

"First," She continues, "let us discuss our training programs for Psions. Unlike the other four species, Psions are our core battle strength against the Kolvaxian menace. As essential as the biological engineering services of Changelings are, and as formidable as the technological firepower of the Technopaths may prove, it is a fact that Psions hold total supremacy when battling the Kolvaxians. The ability to engage in infantry-level and void-level warfare without directly risking their bodies makes Psions our best solution to slowing down our alien adversaries."

"Unfortunately, the current training centers are slow and ineffective. Training a Psion to the fifth level will often require one thousand cycles at a minimum. We must reduce that time to one-tenth of its current value if we hope to maintain an even balance with the Kolvaxians. Any slower, and we will continue to lose territories in the Outer Rim."

Kordonis shifts in his seat, feeling a momentary flicker of pride for Invocator Miikil, one of the few Psions who reached the Fifth Rank before her thousandth year alive. She, too, beams at him excitedly.

However, among the elites present, many of them don't hold any positive thoughts regarding Muuxunuu's words.

A recently promoted eighth-ranked Psion projects his thoughts outward. [With all due respect to the great ones among us, I do not see how we can accelerate the training of young talents to the fifth level in so short a time. Not only are there more branches of psionics than ever for these fresh minds to explore, but the number of abilities they can acquire, and the practical applications they can utilize, grow every cycle.]

Several other highly-ranked Psions nod along to his words, giving his statement a high level of credibility.

[Divinator Fellrun speaks the truth. We cannot rush a Psion's education, for it will hamper their capabilities in the long run!]

[I know well the accuracy of Divinator Fellrun's words. It is impossible to offer a fully-fledged training course to our youngest minds.]

[It is as the old saying goes! A rushed Psion will never break past the Seventh Rank! They will suffer the humiliation of a plateau in their abilities!]

Muuxunuu allows the various Psion delegates to voice their complaints. After twenty time-units, she holds up her palm to silence them.

"Your objections are noted. A Psion with a rushed education will never be able to advance past the seventh rank. This will, in the long term, result in a drop in our great Empire's fighting abilities, and a shameful mark on our history. However, we need not necessarily rush anyone's development. Instead, we will focus our efforts on raising Specialist Psions who excel at only one or two types of Psionic potential. They will still possess sturdy foundations in their chosen fields, but will likely never be capable of branching out into other fields."

Some of the delegates frown, their expressions a mixture of disgust and tepid acceptance.

[Executor Nufaris! What do you think of this matter?] One of the Psions in the audience asks.

As one of the most lauded Volgrim in recent memory, Executor Nufaris holds a high position in every Volgrim's mind, not far removed from the Founders themselves. Despite being too young to have lived through the Seven Great Wars, his rapid rise to prominence and high affinity for all types of Psionic branches makes him an elite among elites.

The dark-skinned Psion slowly raises his head. His heavily built, starkly angular body gives him a dominating presence, one dwarfed only by Founders Unarin and Dosena themselves. When he speaks, the entire Empire falls silent.

[With regards to this matter. I do not like it, but I have no objections. I have fought Executor Huron's doppelganger on five separate occasions, as well as Executor Sartran. Were our enemy not so likely to overrun us, I would never agree to go along with the Founder's thoughts on this one particular issue.]

He shakes his head slowly, expressing his disapproval.

[Gaseous Manipulators. Liquid Manipulators. Primal Manipulators. Energy Manipulators. Body Manipulators. The branches of Psionics are both vast and numerous. Each one possesses extreme levels of versatility. A single highly-specialized Liquid Manipulator of the Executor rank can even defeat me in mortal combat, if their specialty goes deep enough.]

[However, I am not pleased with the weakening and segregation of our Empire that this change will bring. While a highly specialized Liquid Manipulator of the Eighth Rank might be capable of defeating me in battle, he will never possess my versatility. He will not be able to trod through the gaps in the Void. He will not be able to withstand the power of a star. These Specialists will become capable of advancing to the Eighth Rank, but will possess no foundation in other branches of psionics. Ultimately, our people will fragment into splinter groups, with specialists of similar types sticking together to advance their own interests. What may save us from this calamity today will inevitably bring about another in our future.]

Nurafis falls silent, allowing his words to percolate in the minds of the audience.

[In the end, I will not voice any strong objection. If creating Specialists will give us a chance at defeating the Kolvaxians, or if it will at the very least slow them down long enough for the Changelings to create a bio-weapon that can exterminate them, we will be able to deal with the repercussions of today's choice, later. I would rather suffer a social calamity than an existential one.]

The other Executors nod in approval to his words, with the oldest ones shooting him glances of approval.

[Well stated, Executor Nufaris.]

[Eloquent, as always.]

Muuxunuu nods at Nufaris.

"Thank you for your input, Executor Nufaris. Naturally, the choice to shift to specializations is not one which Founder Dosena issued lightly. We will certainly have to pay a price for this choice, but in the end, our great Founders believe that it will lead us to victory, if we obtain more time to analyze the Kolvaxian threat."

Administrator Muuxunuu straightens her posture, assuming a noble stance as she switches topics.

"Now then. We have discussed the Kolvaxian menace and one solution among many. However, it has recently come to the Founders' attention that a second enemy has appeared in our galaxy's space. Unlike the Kolvaxians, this enemy might become a possible counter-measure to the Kolvaxians, allowing us to obtain total victory. However, Founders Unarin and Dosena have not come to this Grand Assembly yet due to the nature of this discovery. They are currently speaking with our analysts to determine what course of action we might take. For now, we will take a short recess until their arrival."

Muuxunuu sits down, leaving the Arena to fall utterly silent.

The spectators present, those not in the know, all but scratch their heads in confusion.

_A new enemy? Someone who might also become a counter-measure against the Kolvaxians?_

As murmurs go up among the audience-members, Sangin Kordonis glances at Invocator Miikil.

"It is time. Soon, we will likely have to deliver our testimony regarding the anomaly we observed. Are you nervous?"

[I am.] Miikil says. [But only a little. I had no idea our Founders had planned so far ahead. Not once have I heard of these 'Refuge' ships, nor any initiatives promoted toward specializing Psion initiates.]

"How do you feel about this Specialist Doctrine, in theory?" Kordonis asks. "Aren't you a Specialist?"

[I am not.] Miikil answers. [I possess high affinity for Gaseous and Liquid manipulation, but my capabilities in Primal Psionics are passable. Likewise, my affinity for Space and Temporal Psionics are abysmal. I possess some small degree of ability in Heat Manipulation, as well as Energy Manipulation, but my Defensive Psionics are also not particularly high. I only wished to specialize in Gaseous and Liquid Psionics when I first entered training, but my head Invocator insisted I obtain some mastery over all the basic Psionics, as well as at least dabble in Spatial and Temporal Psionics. I fear that doing so caused me to waste at least three hundred cycles of time. Perhaps, if I had only focused on my high-affinity psionics, I might even be a sixth or a seventh-rank Psion by now.]

Kordonis snorts, causing his mouth-tentacles to quiver. "A seventh-ranked Psion? In only one thousand cycles? I must express my doubt."

[You are not a Psion.] Miikil says indifferently. [You would not understand.]

"Fair enough."

The two of them continue to talk, until almost a full standard time-unit passes.

At some point, Muuxunuu stands up, silencing the room.

"The First and Second Founders have arrived." She declares.