Part 587: Megavaxian
Part 587: Megavaxian

Belial's Wordsmithium armor covers her entire body, leaving only the smallest gaps at her joints. Nanites rush in to fill those gaps anyway, protecting her from any poisons, toxins, or other airborne contagions that might otherwise threaten her. Her armor weighs in at more than 250 kilos, but for a Demon Emperor as strong as the Emperor of Passion, the weight is no different from a suit of cardboard. She barely even feels it.

The succubi's horns stick out through a pair of holes on the sides of the helmet. Her massive shoulder pauldrons give her a fierce and intimidating appearance, while her heavily armored knees, legs, and feet grant her additional options for close combat. If her sword or fists can't deal enough damage, she'll surely be able to use the extra armor on her legs for heavy bludgeoning blows.

Once Belial dons her specialized armor, Fiona's voice transmits into the helmet's earpiece.

"I can't speak to you through magical means. Right now, I'm relaying my words through a specialized transmitter. How's the armor?"

"It's great." Belial says, grimacing as she watches Hope's son rushing toward her, the Megavaxian not far behind. "Talk later."

Belial cries out to increase her adrenaline. She stomps against the soil and leaps into the air, ascending fifty feet in the blink of an eye. The massive faceless monster does not roar at her, but its head inclines upward, clearly detecting the incoming threat.

With a fiery blade aimed at the sky, Belial descends toward the creature, swinging her newly obtained weapon downward with all her strength!

_BOOM!_

Artoria's altered-copy fails to cut into the hardy Megavaxian's hide, but the nearly unbreakable blade acts as a hammer, its edge pounding the monster into the planet's soil. The Megavaxian's eight legs split apart, and its underbelly slams downward, momentarily halting it in place and allowing Levi to put some distance between himself and the monster behind him. He continues running without stopping, while Mandy cranes her neck around to look back at the aftermath of Belial's attack.

"She barely pierced the skin!" Mandy exclaims. "The Megavaxian is way tougher than ordinary Kolvaxians!"

"Then we'll just have to hit it harder." Levi declares.

Belial's body remains aloft in the air for a second, mainly due to the reverse impact force of her sword's strike. In that single second, she spies the dozens of smaller-but-still-dangerous ordinary Kolvaxians swarming around the Megavaxian.

_So many?_

Belial falls to the ground and lands in front of the Megavaxian. Her inability to fly leaves her momentarily vulnerable to an attack, but luckily the Megavaxian doesn't lash out to attack her until her feet make landfall.

It rises up, regains its footing, then charges!

The giant spider-like monster accelerates far quicker than its bulk would imply, sending a chill down Belial's spine. She leaps backward to put distance between herself and the approaching mass of Kolvaxians, then she snaps her right leg out, stretching with her rubber-like body to not only send a kick at the monster's "face", but also to push off it and travel away even faster.

Her ploy works. She uses the monster's face as a springboard and accelerates away, using the Megavaxian's forward momentum to accelerate herself even faster. Surprisingly, the Wordsmithium armor deforms and stretches along with her leg, ensuring she doesn't reveal skin or an opening for the monsters to gain an opening. Without this, infecting her on the spot will be a lot harder.

Belial lands near Levi, still fleeing with Mandy. She jogs backward, keeping an eye on the Kolvaxians following them.

"Are you both okay?" Belial asks.

"I'm fine. My sister is a little shaken up." Levi answers. "Stall the Megavaxian. I'm going to drop Mandy outside its anti-magic range, then I'll come back and join you!"

"Got it." Belial answers.

She transmits the full situation to Fiona, who in turn transfers that information to the other forces.

"This armor is really something." Belial adds idly, as she re-enters battle. "How is it so heavy, yet also stretchy?"

"Jason made it specifically for you." Fiona replies over the comms. "It's not as durable as ordinary Wordsmithium, but it's still extremely pierce and cut-resistant. Its blunt impact resistance is decisively lower than ordinary Wordsmithium, but compared to mundane Steel or other common alloys, you're still in better hands. Most importantly, it can stretch and deform in tandem with your body. Test it out so we know what to improve in the future. Also, stay safe! These new Kolvaxians are not a threat you should try to handle alone! Archangel Uriel should be joining you within one minute!"

"Uriel, huh?" Belial grunts. "Great. _Just_ who I wanted watching my back."

She doesn't bother complaining too much. Fiona is already aware of how bad the relationship is between Uriel and all the demons. But then again, Belial and Uriel did fight on the same side during Stormbringer. They shouldn't be the worst of enemies at this moment.

Belial re-engages the Megavaxian and the other Kolvaxians, putting all her focus into staying alive while slowing them down. Fiona guides her over comms, and she launches a series of focused strikes at the largest Kolvaxian ever sighted while dancing around and staying nimble, keeping her feet off the ground as much as possible. She doesn't want a sneaky Kolvaxian to pounce out of the dirt and grab her from below, after all.

Her body stretches and deforms, whipping around at increasingly fast speeds as she builds up momentum, her arms snapping forward like rubber bands. Each time she sends her sword or a left hook flying, she stalls the Megavaxian slightly, its Cosmic-level body still unable to fully resist the force of her incredible strength! When her sword and fists land, she uses the impact momentum to increase the strength of her next attack, and soon her speed reaches a dizzying level.

Her new weapon shows off its power, leaving streaks of fire in the air as it snaps out, reverses, then swirls around and fires outward once more. Soon, Belial shifts strategy as the ordinary Kolvaxians pass the Megavaxian and rush at her. She uses her left fist to slow down the Megavaxian while her sword whips around to strike at the smaller ones.

_Slash! Thumb! Slash! Thump!_

The more Belial builds up her momentum, the more dangerous her sword becomes. If Henry Cliff were to see what she was doing, he'd surely gasp in surprise. Her striking power far exceeds his, and the increasing momentum becomes deadly when she slashes at the ordinary Kolvaxians for the first time.

She bisects them cleanly, cutting two Kolvaxians in half as her sword sweeps outward, slicing their waists in half and cauterizing the wounds. When the sword pulls back, she pirhouettes like a ballerina, spinning on her toes to increase the next swing's speed further. She cuts down two more Kolvaxians while sending a punch flying at the Megavaxian. 

All by herself, Belial stalls the charging enemies, allowing Levi to finally draw out of the Megavaxian's range. He puts his sister down, and she re-activates her Runes, allowing her to heal her injuries and take to the skies once more.

Mandy takes care to map out and assess the Megavaxian's chaotic energy. She sends a pulse of mana toward it, one which expands and dissipates everywhere around the Megavaxian, weakening and fading as it makes contact with the 'bubble' of mana vacuum around the monster.

"Total area of influence is about zero-point-seventy-five kilometers." Mandy says steadily. "At zero-point-five kilometers, all mana is rendered ineffective, but even before that, all magic is noticeably weakened. We'll have to rely on physical attacks and technology to kill this thing."

Her brother runs toward Belial, moving to assist her in battle. At the same time, Mandy looks up into the sky. Her highly attuned senses, bolstered by her magic and enhancements granted by her father's Wordsmithing, allow her to see a figure of light descending from above at extreme speeds.

Uriel, the Archangel of Vengeance, flies toward the Megavaxian like an eagle descending upon a fish in a lake. She holds a spear made of Wordsmithium, one which glows with divine power. She holds it in place, aiming its point ahead of herself as she builds a massive amount of kinetic energy behind her charge.

Right as Levi arrives beside Belial, Uriel's charge reaches its crescendo. She smashes into the Megavaxian from above, plunging her spear into the slightly narrower gap between its head and thorax. The divinely enchanted weapon flies from her grip and pierces all the way through the monster's skin and bone. It continues traveling downward until it exits the creature's lower abdomen and dives underground.

Uriel does not lament the loss of her weapon. Instead, she treats the lost spear as a one-time-use javelin, moving to retrieve a new pair of spears on her back. As she grabs hold of them, the Megavaxian shudders. It halts its movement and falls to the ground, momentarily stopping due to the severed connection between its head and body.

However, this pause does not last long. Uriel slashes at the Megavaxian's skin from above, but this time, she fails to cut deeply into the monster's flesh. Any shallow wounds she inflicts heal up at a frightening speed, outpacing the damage she can deal. Unable to tap into her magic, Uriel cannot imbue her weapons with any elemental effects such as fire or divine energy. Thus, her mundane weapon fails to cause serious damage to the Megavaxian.

Inside the Megavaxian's aura of anti-magic, Uriel also cannot contact her siblings. They become trapped inside her Mind Realm, suppressed and unable to speak. Even so, she has fought countless battles. She does not require Raphael's guidance in matters of combat and war.

Uriel adapts quickly. Several Kolvaxians leap and crawl up the Megavaxian's sides. They charge at her, forcing the Archangel to give up for a while on killing the infected exobeast. She spins her spears and jumps around atop the Megavaxian's back, cutting at the smaller Kolvaxians as they arrive. Her spears behead a few of the Kolvaxians, but often she finds herself unable to land killing blows when her weapons glance off their sturdy bones or the Kolvaxians duck and dodge her attacks, adapting to her combat capabilities in real-time.

Abruptly, one of the Kolvaxians ducks under a spear-sweep, lunges toward her, and punches at Uriel's stomach with all its strength.

"Oof!" Uriel gasps, as the monster's cosmic strength drives the air from her lungs and sends her flying.

She hurtles off the Megavaxian's back and falls to the ground, flapping her wings and stalling mid-air to glide a short distance before impacting the dirt with a heavy _thump_.

Uriel presses the butts of her spears into the ground and climbs back to her feet, coughing a few times as she winces in pain. Each individual Kolvaxian is so strong that if she doesn't take them seriously, she could easily die a dog's death!

More Kolvaxians rush her, and Uriel finally decides to work together with the other two Champions to try and finish these creatures off once and for all. She jumps into the air and flies over to Levi and Belial's side, where she sees a surprisingly exquisite display of teamwork from the human and demon duo.

Levi acts as a frontline tank. Using his sturdy defenses, he draws the aggression of the Kolvaxians, pulling them away from Belial. His striking power is much weaker than hers, but his defenses are superior. Her new Wordsmithium armor is nowhere near the level of the demihuman's dragon-scales.

Her sword snaps out and slashes, again and again. With Levi drawing the heat away, Belial is able to kill the ordinary Kolvaxians much more easily. She not only cuts one to three of them in half at a time, but she finishes them off afterward before they can regenerate.

"Uriel!" Levi calls out. "Slow the Megavaxian down. Draw its attention. Leave the small fry to us!"

Uriel grunts. Much as she hates to admit it, she won't be able to kill the Megavaxian alone. Wiping out the ordinary Kolvaxians will have to come first.

"I shalt do my best." Uriel says.

And so, over the next five minutes, Uriel does just that. Belial and Levi cut down tens of Kolvaxians, killing them with the greatest efficiency seen on Maiura to date, while Uriel uses her large body and wings to draw the exobeast's attention.

Unable to use spells, Uriel has no choice but to stick close to the Megavaxian. It rears up on its hind legs, exposing its underbelly but allowing it to use its other six limbs and their spindly 'fingers' to attack. The monster attacks Uriel, whipping at her with its claws, trying to swat her out of the air while ordinary Kolvaxians pounce at her from below.

Uriel dodges the creature's attacks, using her wings to nimbly dive and swoop in midair. She tries to cut off the creatures fingers, but they prove to be made more of bone than of skin and muscle. Her attacks glance right off.

"Damn!" Uriel curses. "How art these creatures so hardy?!"

A sense of threat enters Uriel's mind. Reflexively, she looks up into the sky, where she sees a plume of flame rushing toward her position. She identifies the potential threat as Beelzebub, then she frowns.

Beelzebub levitates in the sky, flames covering up his still-nude private bits. Fire shoots from his feet, allowing him to remain aloft, and he begins swirling an inferno in his palms, spiraling it around faster and faster to increase its heat and impact force. Beelzebub senses the wall of anti-magic surrounding the Megavaxian and wisely decides not to draw any closer.

The orb of fire in Beelzebub's hands condenses smaller and smaller. He continues intensifying its power, sending hotter flames into it while spinning it at the maximum speed he can possibly maintain.

Finally, Beelzebub shouts. "Everyone! GET BACK!"

The Emperor of Inferno holds the spiraling orb in one palm. His body shakes painfully as its screaming heat tears at the space around himself, threatening to condense further into a singularity. Before that can happen, Beelzebub releases a primal, savage roar. He forces a gap in the spiraling power and takes aim at the Megavaxian below.

_KSEEEEW!_

A laser of fire blasts out of the orb, fully concentrated, spiraling to keep its focus tightly contained.

The laser races downward at half the speed of sound, superheating the air around it before smashing into the head of the Megavaxian, tearing through its entire body, and glassing the planet beneath it! The soil instantly turns to magma, heated tens of thousands of degrees in an instant!

Beelzebub roars again, using all of his strength to sweep the laser up, then down.

While the origin of his flames might be magical, once they exit his body's sphere of influence, ordinary physics take over. They penetrate the Megavaxian's shield of anti-magic, then tear through its body with 50,000 degree heat.

Beelzebub bisects the monster in half!

But, worried the monster isn't yet dead, Beelzebub roars one last time, then he flings the remainder of the concentrated orb downward, sending it flying toward the severed and vulnerable interior of the creature's body.

Uriel's heart jolts. She flaps her wings and races away as fast as she can. The infernal orb flies like a sniper bullet, strikes the inside of the Megavaxian's 'stomach', and explodes!

_BOOOOM!!_

A localized nuclear explosion rips outward, blasting the two halves of the monster's body away, irradiating its corpse, and liquefying its insides! Under such a terrifying heat-blast, not even its bones in the immediate area survive the detonation.

Levi and Belial gasp in horror. They can't possibly move out of the way! The nuclear explosion will surely kill them!

An instant later, Beelzebub fireports in front of them, activates his magic, and holds out both of his palms.

The light of the ignition flashes, blinding him, but he forces the heat to expand around himself and the other two. It bypasses their bodies, sparing their lives, but flash-ignites the land around Beelzebub, Belial, and Levi. A wasteland of hellfire spread outward for a kilometer in every direction before the impact fades away.

The Megavaxian's corpse flops to the left and right, each half scorched beyond recognition. Before long, the two halves turn to dust, falling into a pile of ashes in their own shadows.

As for the other nearby Kolvaxians, those that were in the immediate vicinity of the detonation perished instantly, while others dove underground to flee to unknown destinations.

Levi's chest rises and falls. He breathes heavily, feeling more than a twinge of terror at the devastation the Infernal Emperor just unleashed. If that fireball had struck Levi, even he would have likely died on the spot.

"Beelzebub! That was dangerous! You nearly killed us!" Belial exclaims.

"But I didn't." Beelzebub says, turning to look at her. "If the backlash of my Nuclear Orb had killed you, I'd have died afterward. The Wordsmith's Curse would ensure as much."

He sticks his thumb over his shoulder. "One big bad down. No need to thank me. You guys _sure_ seemed to have it under control."

Levi grimaces. Despite Beelzebub's arrogant words, he isn't wrong in his implication. Even Belial would have had great difficulty killing the Megavaxian.

"...Thanks." Levi grunts. "Wait, my sister, is she okay?"

He looks up into the sky and breathes a sigh of relief. Naturally, when Mandy saw what Beelzebub was about to do, she fled a great distance, shielding herself from the aftermath.

Uriel flies downward. She lands beside the group, directing a hateful glare at Beelzebub.

"Foolish bloodskin! What in damnation was that attack?! Where was thy warning? Verily, I hath nearly perished in the blast!"

"Pft. Calm your tits, Uriel." Beelzebub scoffs. "You already survived one of my nuclear blasts. This one was much smaller and more contained. I decided to experiment with my abilities a little, and everything turned out fine. Now are we done yapping? There's still more Kolvaxians to kill."

Alongside Uriel, Raphael, Michael, and Gabriel materialize. She conjures their Constructs, allowing them to take physical form.

"Thy arrogance is going to lead to the death of someone." Raphael chides. "These Kolvaxians art evolving. Communicate better with thy allies, foolish brat. T'would be an awful matter if the Wordsmith's boy had burned to ash in the wake of thy attack."

"Shut up, Raphael." Beelzebub spits back. "Don't act like you have any authority over me. I'm off to handle some real business now."

Beelzebub doesn't wait for a reply before igniting flames beneath his feet and rocketing up into the sky. He departs quickly, leaving the others behind to deal with their problems.

"Insolent bastard." Michael growls.

"At least Beelzebub's ploy succeeded." Levi says. "I don't know if you people were paying attention, but killing that Megavaxian should have taken us at least another ten minutes, if not more. He saved us a lot of trouble, and we all ended up okay. Let's not look a gift horse in the mouth."

Belial rolls her eyes inside her helmet. "Levi's right. I can't stand his attitude, but Beelzebub brought us results. Let's hurry up and get moving. The Kolvaxians are still multiplying every second we waste."

"Onward we go, then." Raphael says, as he and the other Archangels launch themselves into the skies, taking off to fly elsewhere the need is greatest.

...

In the atmosphere above, the High Psions watch the humans with rapt attention.

[The mud dweller's improvement speed is shocking.] Executor Vi says. [I don't think most 7th Level Psions could have killed that 'Megavaxian', yet a mere mortal like Beelzebub succeeded.]

A faint frown flickers across Creator Demila's face, but she quickly conceals it and schools her expression. [Don't be too impressed. Beelzebub's flames are particularly effective against the Kolvaxians. Any Energy Manipulator among our kind should have similar or even greater success if they focus their efforts.]

[Executor Sartran, what do you think?] Vi asks, directing her attention to the most powerful Energy Manipulator in the Volgrim Empire, barring Dosena herself.

Sartran, unlike Beelzebub, tends to focus his efforts on the power of electricity and lightning.

He frowns at Vi's implication. [My attainments in the element of fire are quite paltry. Heat-based energy can come in many forms, but my strengths are best expressed through quick, instantaneous bursts of power. Beelzebub is better at building up power quickly and maintaining it. I cannot replicate his success against a similarly corrupted exobeast.]

Vi frowns. [What about Executor Nufaris?]

[His talents lie in the manipulation of Space and Time.] Sartran replies. [His Energy Manipulation is only so-so.]

Hearing such a frank admission from one of the highest Volgrim in the entire Empire slightly surprises Creator Demila, but it's nothing much to the other Executors. They have always been frank with one another about their strengths and weaknesses. At the highest levels, Executors are not able to find many sparring partners or confidantes, and as such they tend to rely on their peers of equal stature.

[The humans are failing to keep up with the Plague's spread.] Executor Huron says. [They had to direct four of their so-called 'Champions' to defeat that small-scale horde and the Megavaxian. In doing so, they allowed the Northern Front to collapse. Hope Hiro could not cope with so many Plagueborn by himself.]

The Executors all look at one another.

[It's nearly time for us to make our move.] Vi says.

[Let us wait a bit longer.] Sartran argues. [Just a bit longer.]

The Executors all nod.

[We must show these foolish humans the true power of the Volgrim Empire.] Vi says. [If we save them in their time of greatest need, they will appreciate our efforts all the more.]

[Words of wisdom spoken most truthfully.] Sartran concludes.

Creator Demila's eyes flicker with devious thoughts, yet she remains silent.

She also agrees that the time is not yet right, but her motivations are completely different...