Part 480: A Secret Meeting (Part 2 of 2)
Part 480: A Secret Meeting (Part 2 of 2)

The meeting continues. Auger's words cause many demons to raise their eyebrows.

"You think we should unite under a new leader?" Serena asks. "I agree. Emperor Gorn will make for a fine candidate."

Auger chuckles blandly, sounding unamused by her suggestion. "Emperor Gorn did not even attend this meeting, despite my invitation."

"My husband is a busy person." Serena says. "He has received inspiration for his next Face. That means when he leaves isolation, he will come out stronger than he is now. Perhaps this new Face may even allow him to ascend."

Several demons direct skeptical glances toward Serena, but none of them decide to object out loud.

After all... of all the demons in all the Hells, not one can claim to have a stronger desire to ascend than Gorn. He has devoured tens of millions of souls, paid Merits for the Wordsmith's enhahncements, and generally gone to any possible length to push his strength to the limits. While Emperor Crow might be the strongest Emperor in terms of her physical body, Gorn is without a doubt the most well-rounded with the most extreme abilities to his name.

His power is so immense that even Auger might fear him, ever so slightly.

Auger clears his throat.

"Ahem. I believe you are all laboring under a misconception. You still think we are living during the Energy Wars. We are not. The arrangements made by Satan the Devil are ancient, and in dire need of change due to our current situation. No longer can we afford the luxury of fighting among ourselves."

The old-faced Emperor schools his expression into one a parent might direct at their naughty children as he sweeps his gaze around the room.

"I'll be blunt. Your Hells are weak. My Hell has more Emperors than any of yours individually. If that were not enough, you know the unique strength of the Hell of Punishment and how my abilities can enhance it far beyond any of yours."

Auger gently spreads out his arms, as if to emphasize his open-hearted nature and magnanimity.

"Emperor Gorn is a powerful demon, yes. Perhaps even mightier than me. But in this time when we should consider consolidation, do you _truly_ believe he possesses the same qualifications to lead as me?"

Serena narrows her eyes. She glares in Auger's direction, seeing through his ploy. But she says nothing, opting to remain silent.

"I am the Emperor of Distribution." Auger says quietly. "I collect the powers of all my subordinates, and I can shift them around in response to any threat. A single demon on a distant world can, at any moment, be granted the strength of ten Emperors. The younger among you may not be aware, but Yardrat became a terrifying foe to humanity during the Energy Wars as a result of his belief in me. He chose to accept me as his leader, and in doing so obtained immense power and versatility."

"You can also rescind the powers of any who bend the knee." Serena finally says, her icy eyes directing a glare at him. "Those who 'contract' with you will become soulbound to your whims. In my eyes, you are no better than Mephisto himself."

Yardrat steps forward. "I object to your lies! I have served Auger dutifully for 100,000 years! I have never once seen him mistreat or rescind one of his subordinates' powers. There were times of crisis when he temporarily took the power of one subordinate to bolster another, but always he returned it. You are simply incapable of looking past the bridge of your nose at the bigger picture!"

"We are demons. Trust is in short supply." Serena says softly.

"Perhaps it is time that changes." Kristoff says, drawing the gazes of the other Emperors. "Auger made a promise to me, one I believe he will keep. My Hell has bowed to him. He will not force my subordinates to contract with him. This is in stark contrast to Mephisto, who forcibly kills and soul-binds others to his whims."

Yardrat nods appreciatively. "That's correct. With my liege, you consent to adopting his customs. With Mephisto, you have no choice! You must kill him or be killed! There is no benefit to following his whims, for he will throw you away if it means saving his own bones! But by following Auger, you ensure you will always have the strength to protect yourselves when enemies show up at your door."

He continues. "Better yet, the more who follow Auger, the greater his access to a diverse arsenal becomes. Right now, he can already project an impressive amount of force to any Emperor who follows him, but there is infinite room for this power to increase. Gorn may have reached his limits, but Auger has none."

"You two flatter me." Auger says, smiling like a kindly old grandfather. "Ultimately, I believe the Seven Hells lost their way after Satan's death. Be honest with yourselves. Have we truly lived up to his legacy? We had no natural enemies for 100,000 years, so we turned to fighting ourselves. Now that the Wordsmith has begun to subvert our authority, we risk the death of our long-held demonic traditions."

Auger's smile disappears. He glares at the other Emperors.

"Are you lot... _happy_ with this arrangement?"

Several Emperors and Dukes shift uncomfortably under Auger's withering glare. They lower their eyes to look within themselves, contemplating his words.

"It is true... we've allowed ourselves to suffer numerous defeats due to our lack of unity." Emperor Crow says. "But that does not mean you should be the one to lead us. I follow Gorn because I believe that might makes right! And Gorn is far stronger than you, Auger. Unlike Mephisto, he may even Ascend without the use of clever tricks or external assistance."

"Mmm. Gorn is stronger than me." Auger says, though his tone seems to imply he might think otherwise. "But Gorn does not care about any of you. You are all pawns to him. Even now, while we ponder matters that will surely affect our species, he avoids coming here. He does not think this meeting is of any significance. Don't you think that seems a little disrespectful?"

"Respect is earned." Crow retorts. "I will not insult you, Auger. You have many accomplishments to your name. But you only Ascended at the tail-end of the Energy Wars, while Gorn fought in those wars from the very beginning. You have no right to slander his name!"

Several demons nod along to Crow's words, directing looks of annoyance Auger's way.

"Very well, then. Perhaps you are not all ready to discuss this issue now. But do keep it in mind, moving forward." Auger says. "Demonkind's existence is at stake. We would not want another tragedy to occur like the one that befell Sharmur."

Emperor Melody's countenance darkens. She looks away from Auger, the memory of her friends putting her in a mentally weakened place.

"Well then, Crow." Auger says, changing the subject. "I suppose now is as good a time as any for you to tell the others about the proposition I made to you."

Crow nods. She turns her attention to the other Emperors, raising her blue-feathered arms in a grand gesture.

"We must account for the possibility that when we attack Mephisto, we will fail to defeat him. If such an event comes to pass, he may Ascend, and we will no longer stand a chance. Unlike Wolfram, who Ascended as a result of Serena's magic, Mephisto's rise is likely to be permanent. He will not die after one hour, so we won't have the option of stalling him or delaying for time until he self-immolates. That means that once he Ascends, he will only grow stronger and stronger over time. We will need to kill him quickly."

The Emperor of Sacrifice shrugs heavily, sighing under her breath.

"I have created a last-ditch Ritual. To be honest, I always imagined it would be useless, because the thought of getting enough Hells together to use it simply wasn't feasible. If there's one thing Auger has said that is true, it is that we should consider setting aside our differences for the sake of our collective well-being."

"What are you saying?" Serena asks, slightly confused by Crow's words. As members of the same Hell, she considers herself well-versed in Crow's capabilities and thought processes, but never has she imagined Crow could speak in such a melodramatic fashion.

"This new Ritual is known as the Ritual of Combination." Crow says simply. "It requires a multitude of demons to agree to lend me their strength in the event of a catastrophe. By combining the energies of as many Emperors, Dukes, Barons, and other demons as possible, I may temporarily gain the strength to do battle with even a Demon Deity."

Emperor Fae's jaw drops. "What?! That's amazing! Holy shit, Crow! Why didn't you bust that out when we fought the Cherubiim?! We could have kicked those pigeon's asses with ease!"

Crow shakes her head. "The Seven Hells did not trust one another enough to facilitate this Ritual's success. Frankly, it will cost you all of your mana and stamina in the short term, and I would only gain a portion of that power. It's a wasteful Ritual that will exhaust all of your fighting ability and leave you defenseless. If I had tried convincing you to use such a method when the Cherubiim appeared, do you truly think you'd be willing to become pigs for the slaughter in the mere hope I could defeat the Archangels? What if I had then gone on to kill all of you after slaying Uriel?"

Crow looks at the faces of each person present. None of them says a word.

"That's what I thought." She says. "Today, we better understand the existential threats we face. We know about the Volgrim and the Plague, now that we've had our memories restored. And we've seen for ourselves the insidious lengths the Wordsmith will go to to undermine our authority. As Auger has said... the times are changing."

Kristoff nods slowly. "If we fail to adapt, our entire species which once seemed to rule over the Milky Way will only become a footnote in history."

"We never truly ruled anything." Melody points out. "We've always come second to the Volgrim. At this point, we're simply trying not to slip to third behind the humans. I don't think we'll succeed, either. The Wordsmith is just too powerful."

The demons present furrow their brows as they realize the true gravity of the implications behind this meeting.

No longer are they fighting to keep humanity in check, but instead to preserve their existences, their sovereignty, and their lives.

"Mephisto will kill us if we don't kill him first." Auger says. "So let's discuss how we can do that."

Auger waves his hands. Mana coalesces in the center of the room, creating a shockingly realistic image of the planet Numaria. Some of the recently elevated demons raise their eyebrows at this display.

"An ability belonging to one of my subordinates." Auger casually explains. "Look here. Seven hundred miles from our current position, you can see a dark spot on the otherwise perfect beauty of this world."

Auger revolves the planet's projection so that a disturbing blemish reveals itself to those present. A huge, barren wasteland rests smack in the center of the otherwise gorgeous jungles, mountains, and rivers. So hideous is its appearance that it almost resembles a wound festering on the planet's surface, like a terrible burn mark forcefully inflicted upon a man's arm.

"This is the Stitched Wasteland where Glinch resides." Auger explains, mostly for the benefit of the newest demons. "Glinch is nominally my subordinate. I can tap into his powers and draw upon them... but only if he allows me to do so. His body is a freakish mixture of demon, monster, human, and even angel biology. He likes to 'swap' body parts, internal organs, and other extremities with those of other creatures."

Auger continues. "We have relied on Glinch several times over the millennia. While he can be considered an ally and my subordinate, he also can be considered an entirely foreign entity we only barely tolerate. He is a psychotic experimenter who will go to any length to pursue his twisted fantasies. And this is most obvious by the wasteland he has formed over the last 100,000 years."

"If Glinch does not want to see you, you cannot visit him." Yardrat says, adding onto Auger's explanation. "His Wasteland is protected by powerful creatures. They are soulbound to the Stitched Wasteland and unable to leave, but make no mistake... the strongest among them are at the same level as Demon Dukes and Emperors."

"Even more frighteningly, Glinch has assembled over a hundred of these elites to protect him." Auger says, glancing at Emperor Dagon and the other newest elites present. "A hundred. All of us combined cannot match his forces."

"What? We can't?!" Hamir, the Duke of Hailstorms, asks. "Then isn't this mission hopeless? We won't be able to stop Mephisto's rise!"

"If we had to fight Glinch's chimeras all at once in a huge battle, we would lose. He has a home field advantage more terrifying than you can imagine. But fortunately, we won't have to do that." Yardrat says.

"We can pick them off one by one, or in twos and threes." Auger says. "You might think this would enrage Glinch. You would be wrong. It may seem as if Glinch created an army to protect him, but that is not the case at all. Glinch does not fear death in the slightest. You cannot threaten him, and you cannot cow him into submission. As for his chimeras, he did not deliberately create them to protect himself... rather, they were merely the most successful experimental test subjects that he left alive to rom around the wasteland, lost and confused."

"Glinch gave his chimeras one command." Yardrat says simply. "_Kill anyone who I have not given permission to enter._ Beyond that, he does not care if they live or die. He has no love for, or any interest in, his old experiments."

Melody's expression darkens. "I've never spoken to Glinch before. Never seen him in person, either. I've only heard rumors... he sounds like a devil-damned psycho."

Auger sighs. "Glinch acts as Glinch pleases. The only way to get him to do anything for you is to follow his demands. Even the Volgrim have been known to bend the knee if it means making use of his talents."

"The Volgrim too?" Dagon asks in disbelief.

"The Volgrim too." Yardrat affirms.

Emperor Nymph crosses her arms. "If we move out as soon as possible, we can begin killing our way through Glinch's chimeras. But it will take time. Each one is extremely hardy and possesses a frighteningly powerful body. The option to assassinate Glinch has also been considered, but will not be taken. We only wish to stop Mephisto's ascension. We do not want to make an enemy of the Stitched Emperor. His talents are too useful."

Bael snorts. "What can he possibly do for ya? Put an actual third leg down where your 'third leg' is?"

Some of the more immature demons snicker at Bael's comment. Nymph rolls her eyes.

"No, Bael. Glinch is actually a fairly adept healer. Nowhere near the level of Belial, but she isn't on our side anyway. Glinch is quite good at patching up injuries... provided you don't mind a few troublesome side effects."

"Like growin' a third leg." Bael quips.

The other demons merely groan this time.

"We don't have time to spare." Auger says, as he begins drawing the meeting to a close. "This assault will require all of you to fight like Hell. You'll have to smash your way through Glinch's chimeras while moving with enough speed to reach and kill Mephisto."

Dagon frowns. "Why do you say 'you' without including yourself? Don't tell me the top demon of our Hell is going to just sit on his ass while we go out there and-"

Before he can finish his sentence, Yardrat's eyes flare with rage!

"INSOLENT! You shut your mouth, Dagon! How DARE you talk that way to our liege! Auger's power is what gives our Hell its superiority, you moronic SHIT!"

Nymph also jumps to her leader's defense. "Auger's life is too important for us to risk! If he were to die, it could even damn the entire demon species!"

Before anyone else can butt in, Auger raises his hands and smiles kindly.

"Yardrat, everyone, calm down. Dagon is young and immature. Let us not bully our junior. If the need arises, I will show up to personally dispense justice upon those who would threaten you. My powers work best when cast remotely, but I can step in if necessary. I would not want my cute little juniors to think less of me or my combat capabilities. Naturally, this old demon is capable of putting up a bit of a fight."

Dagon lowers his eyes. "Apologies, Emperor Auger. I spoke out of line. I shouldn't have questioned your motives."

While the other demons share their opinions on Dagon's moment of insolence, Bael scratches his head.

"What, seriously?" Bael mutters under his breath. "Don't these dummies know? Auger's a total badass. He even kicked Satan's butt once. Guess it's just been so long that everyone's forgotten what a killer the old man is, heh."

Melody glances at Bael. "You say something?"

"Nah. Just thinkin' out loud." Bael says with a shrug.

"Oh, okay." Melody says, not paying Bael's dumb rambling any mind. "You should probably sit this battle out though, Bael. You ain't got any magic. I'd cry if something happened to you."

"No sweat." Bael says, giving her a thumbs-up. "I can handle myself. Ose even made me a sweet suit of armor. You're gonna be so jealous when you see it."

Melody raises her eyebrow in a clear sign she doesn't really believe him, but she still nods. "Oh. Well, that's cool then. I'll look forward to seeing it. Just keep yourself safe, Bael."

"Can do!"

---

As a multitude of Hells bring their best warriors together to combat a unified threat, across the galaxy, some time has passed since the death of Confessor Vulpanix at the hands of Hope Hiro. She has not yet revived, but an emergency council meeting must take place even in the absence of her testimony regarding those events.

Dozens of the mightiest and highest ranking Volgrim from all five sub-species sit arranged in a circle, facing a projection at the center of the arena. This projection changes what it displays as the meeting progresses, first showing images of Serris and its top-secret research sites, followed later by images of the Milky Way, the battle hotspots against the Plague, and even the situation on the world of Tarus II.

All of the Five Founders attend the meeting in person. Numerous 7th and 8th level Psions also attend, though the majority of them do so virtually, as they must stay at the front lines of battle in the event of additional Plague Incursions.

High Technopaths, High Changelings, and even a handful of delegates from the Dolgrimites attend.

Among those present is the individual known as Creator Demila, who maintains a lofty air despite her somewhat low ranking compared to all the other Psions mightier than her, and the representatives of the other sub-species who have plenty of fame and accomplishments to their name.

Founder Cuanali speaks at this time, a day after the meeting's start.

"Then we are all in agreement. The Second Wordsmith poses an existential threat to our regime. We will follow the First Founder's orders and continue as planned until Hope Hiro launches his next attack."

A dismal attitude lingers in the air. The world of Serris, while not protected by any High Psions, was certainly considered a stronghold only a metaphorical stone's throw from Volgarius itself, merely a few lightyears from the homeworld. Under ordinary circumstances, Dosena herself should have been able to come to its rescue, let alone the two Executors who were dispatched to fly through the Void.

Unfortunately, Hope Hiro's attack was so brutal, uncompromising, and swift, that Serris was obliterated before anyone had time to properly react.

Now, all of its denizens have been killed, marking Hope Hiro as an enemy comparable to the Plague.

[I worry that these measures will not be sufficient.] Executor Riley states, sweeping her gaze around the arena. She levitates uprightly, with her arms crossed and her presence projecting an aura of strength in her immediate era. [We are risking everything on a gamble. Especially the First Founder's life.]

Founder Unarin slowly blinks as he listens to Riley's mild criticism.

"There is no need to worry. The Second Wordsmith is a human. He has human inclinations, human desires, and human weaknesses. The fact that he has subordinated himself to a lesser human already shows he is not as mentally formidable as many of the enemies I have battled in my lifetime. I am somewhat confident in my assessments and predictions."

Despite the shaky wording Unarin uses, even a term like 'somewhat' has a vastly different meaning for him than it would someone of lesser intelligence. Executor Riley gazes at her idol, the most intelligent Volgrim in the entire Empire, and nods.

[Of course, First Founder. It is your life to do with as you please. If you are confident in your assessments, I will not pretend to know better than you. I will defer to your judgment.]

The other Volgrim present all nod in unison.

Founder Unarin's word is Law. If he states that something will happen, only the Creator himself should have the power to prevent it from doing so.

"We will continue acting as we have, aside from following the new Hope Containment Protocols." Founder Cuanali says, her mouth-tentacles moving to accentuate her words. "I declare this meeting adjourned. Return to your posts."

The Volgrim elites all nod in unison. Psionic and technological projections wink out, vanishing quickly as they return to their duties, leaving only those who attended physically behind to shuffle or teleport out of the chamber.

Unarin stands up. He turns to look at Founder Dosena, only to pause and frown.

"Is something wrong?"

The Second Founder gazes forward, a blank expression on her face. With her arms crossed, she appears as stoic as ever, but Unarin seems to notice something out of the ordinary.

Founder Cuanali also pauses to look at the other two Founders. So does Founder Treyza, the Changeling, and Cinculu, the Dolgrimite.

[I am not certain.] Dosena says, her tone distant. [I sense something I have not sensed since...]

A pause.

[Perhaps I am mistaken. I feel as though a new Cosmic Entity is beginning to form. But its presence is weak. It will falter in its ascension and fail.]

Unarin maintains a calm expression. Only his flickering eyes tell another story.

"Another Cosmic Entity? Different from the one guiding the Plague?"

[Yes. Different.] Dosena answers.

"Hmm. What are the odds this entity could be... the Wordsmith?"

[I do not believe it is the First or Second Wordsmith.] Dosena states. [Neither is it the Cherubiim. It is something new. I will monitor its attempt at breaching the Cosmic Barrier.]

"Very well. Do that." Unarin says, before turning his attention to the other three Founders.

Founders Treyza, Cuanali, and Cinculu look at Dosena with mixtures of curiosity, interest, or utter apathy. Cinculu, in particular, does not seem to think much of the Second Founder. He turns and walks away, not deigning to speak to the others. Indeed, he has not spoken a single word since arriving.

As the huge reptilian monster lumbers away, Treyza cocks their head.

"Founder Unarin. What is this about a Cosmic Barrier?"

Unarin smiles. "Need-to-know information. If you ever need to know, it will mean a catastrophe has befallen our Empire. Dosena must handle this matter on her own, as she always has."

"Of course. This one listens, and this one comprehends." Treyza says, bowing its head politely. "This one shall return to its research. Farewell to all of you."

Cuanali lingers behind, watching as Treyza leaves. Once all the spectators have departed, leaving only the three Founders behind, Cuanali presses her tentacled fingers together.

"First Founder. I have determined that Marie Becker intends to send a large batch of Cybernites to the human homeworld of Tarus II. Should we interfere?"

Unarin frowns. "Oh? That's not like Marie at all. Didn't the Wordsmith visit her a few cycles ago?"

"He did." Cuanali confirms. "I believe he may have convinced her to help accelerate humanity's development speed. This falls under the classification of a Level III Emergency. We should not allow the humans to rapidly advance."

Unarin massages his forehead and sighs. "Haah... no, we should not. But the times are changing. The Volgrim are not as strong as in the past. The Plague presses on us from all directions. We will have to outwit these humans if we wish to someday bring them under our thumb. And right now, with Serris gone, we need help combating the Plague."

He stares at Cuanali with the same gaze a father might give his daughter.

"In war, there are many forms of battle. If one's military is not as strong as the one run by their enemy, then they may consider psychological warfare, economic warfare, or other such means. The humans are still weak and developing. We have many avenues we may yet pursue."

Cuanali nods. "I contemplate, and I comprehend. I only wish that you might be able to use your sharp mind to retrieve our Celestial Designer. Psymin Miralax is my close friend. I do not wish to see her suffer any more than she already has."

Unarin reaches out and touches Cuanali's cheek.

"And neither do I."

A moment later, they break apart. Cuanali bows her head and departs, leaving Unarin alone with Founder Dosena.

[Too much is changing too quickly.] Dosena says.

"Having trouble keeping up?" Unarin teases.

[No.]

Dosena pauses.

[I am nearing my breakthrough.]

Unarin's faint smile vanishes.

In its place, a look of deadly-serious intent replaces it.

"You're certain?"

[There is a barrier preventing me from reaching the level of High Cosmic.] Dosena slowly explains. [But I have found a weak point. I now believe ascension to the 10th Level is fully possible.]

Unarin swallows heavily. He gazes upon Dosena with hungry eyes, licking his lips as he imagines the possibilities.

"The Plague's controller has been bullying us for too long. If you can successfully ascend, we will be able to seek out the root of our enemy and tear them apart. We won't have to act defensively any longer."

[Do not get ahead of yourself.] Dosena warns. [I still require time to amass a foundation capable of shattering the High Cosmic barrier.]

"But thanks to the Wordsmith, we now know of the Cosmic Realm's existence..." Unarin says thoughtfully, looking away and stroking his chin. "The Primary Plaguehost must be hiding somewhere inside that realm."

[You underestimate the size of the Cosmic Realm.] Dosena warns him. [It is as vast as the Milky Way itself. From our initial probing attempts, I have determined that at my current level I would require one hundred thousand cycles of constant searching to scour every meter of the Cosmic Realm. Our Enemy keeps their aura hidden well.]

"And if you were to ascend to the 10th Level?" Unarin asks.

[The time requirement _would_ be shorter.] Dosena answers noncommittally.

Both Founders fall silent for a few moments.

"Then focus on breaking your limiter. And keep an eye on whatever is giving you that 'bad feeling.' We don't want another Cherubiim running rampant."

Dosena nods.

[As you command.]