[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQJddG8OFwQ)

_1423._

The young girl bowed before an altar, prayer beads in hand. She sent her thoughts to the man on the cross above her.

_Dear God in Heaven, holiest of the holy... Joan asked for good fortune upon her family. She asked for your blessing upon her village. She asked that the demons fall back, and that momma and papa love each other, and that..._ Joan thought.

Nearby, her parents and their local pastor watched her.

"She's a good girl, that one." Father Miles nudged the man next to him. "You're lucky to have such a pious daughter. Little Joan will make a fine wife someday."

Jacques, Joan's father, nodded to the pastor. "Prays five times a day, she does. Wish her sister would devote herself to God, but Catherine ain't that kind of girl. Still, Cath's a wonderful child... in her own way."

"Jaq, dear." Isabelle, the mother, lightly pushed his arm. "Don't go comparing our children. Heaven knows the Creator won't like a parent who picks a favorite."

"I'm not, I'm not." Jacques smiled and kissed his wife on the cheek, then turned back to Father Miles. "Say, we've got to go, but tearing Joan away from church is like prying a dog off a bone. Would you mind...?"

Miles chuckled. "Oh, yes. Of course. When she wakes from her trance and wonders where you went, I'll tell the child a bunch of hellhounds carried you off."

"You, men!" Isabelle smiled, despite their crude humor. "Don't scare the poor dear. I'll go home and cook some supper. You're free to share in the meal, if you like, Father Miles. There's always a place for you at our table."

"Oh, no, that's quite all right." Miles rubbed his scalp and glanced at the girl. "After Joan finishes, I'm going fishing."

The waning midday sun shone through the paned glass at the entrance of the church, casting a shadow of Saint Mary upon the young girl. She didn't notice.

Jaques nodded. "Thank you, Father. I owe you."

..........................................

_Six years later._

"Mother! Catherine is coughing again! She's coughing!" Joan rushed in and grabbed her mother's sleeping arm. "Wake up! It's dreadful this time!"

Isabelle's eyes fluttered open. After a moment, her adrenaline kicked in. "Catherine? Oh! The tea! I forgot the tea!"

Minutes passed. Joan's mother quickly warmed the herbal tea over the fire, crossing her heart as she rushed into her daughter's room. The sound of a cat screaming in pain outside made her flinch.

_Accursed animals. They brought this plague upon us. She prayed the Father and the Holy Ghost would cleanse them with fire._ she thought.

She pulled the sheet back. Her youngest, Catherine, hacked and coughed uncontrollably. In between coughing fits, she whimpered and held her stomach. "Hurts... m-mother... hurts..."

"I know, love. It's okay... I'm here, now. Drink this tea. Drink it slowly." Isabelle handed the brew to her teenage daughter, glancing behind herself to see Joan standing sullenly in the doorway.

Isabelle forced herself to smile. _It will be okay, Joan. The Black Death was survivable. As long as they prayed to the Lord, everything would work out. He knew what a good girl Joan was._ Isabelle thought.

Silently, Isabelle looked out the window. _Was Jacques still out in the fields? She hoped he came home soon._ Isabelle thought.

The bitter tea inflamed Catherine's throat. She coughed uncontrollably for several seconds. When Isabelle leaned over to comfort her daughter, she froze.

Catherine had three black spots at the bottom of her neck.

Half an hour later, Isabelle shivered as she put the teenager to bed. She closed the door and forced a smile when she saw Joan's downcast eyes.

"Your sister will be fine, sweetheart. Come sleep with me tonight, okay?"

A tear rolled down Joan's face. "Cath's dying. It's my fault. I only prayed twice yesterday."

Isabelle's hand trembled. She quickly lowered herself to Joan's level. "It's not that at all, beloved child. God giveth, and he taketh away. He puts trials down to strengthen us. When your sister gets better, she will be immune to the plague. That's what Father Miles says."

"She will?" Joan's lip trembled. "But... what if she doesn't get better? What if-?"

"Don't say such things. You must be strong for your sister. God loves you, Joan. You are his precious daughter, just as your sister is. Continue to pray, and he will save Catherine. I know it!"

The young woman nodded weakly. She was only seventeen, and already a heavy burden weighed on her heart.

She wiped her tears away and beamed at her mother. "Oh... okay! I'll do my best, mother!"

..........................................

_Three months later... 1429._

Father Miles paused a moment to eyeball the young blonde lady standing at his side. She stood next to her sister's casket, dressed in black. Joan gazed emptily at Catherine's final resting place. Her few dozen friends and family tried to offer comforting words, but their platitudes fell on deaf ears.

_How tragic,_ Miles thought to himself with a sigh.

"We gather here today in memory of the departed..." Miles began. "Catherine d'Arc, third in line for the d'Arc lineage, passed away just two days ago. She was a wonderful child, one who everyone knew to be courteous, kind, and generous. I remember her first day in Sunday School when she gave all of her food to a less fortunate classmate. The young man was born an orphan, with no family to love him. She always spoke to him kindly and compassionately..."

Miles swiveled his eyes around the crowd. _Her brother, Pierre, couldn't be there that day. Miles doubted he had heard of Catherine's passing. The lad was off in the military, serving his country like any brave soldier. Miles hoped he didn't learn of her death during a moment of weakness. It could shatter his mind._ Miles thought.

Joan sniffled now and then, but cried no tears. 

_The Black Death. Nobody understood where it came from, but Miles did... not the cats. The Demons. They created the plague. They killed her sister._ Miles thought.

_Foul monsters. Enemies of God. They sullied his world with their evil._ Miles thought.

Miles watched while speaking, as the look of grief on Joan's face shifted into a new emotion. _Rage._

He nodded knowingly to himself. _Gabriel. She was ready._ Miles thought.

..........................................

_One week later._

Joan knelt before the altar once more; her favorite rosary clutched in her hand. The one that her sister gave her. The one she lost two years prior and spent three weeks searching until she found it.

She muttered quietly under her breath so that only God might hear her words. "Father in Heaven, Holy Ghost, and The Son. Why have you forsaken me? What wrong did Catherine commit? I have prayed since I was old enough to speak. I have given my material possessions. Why did you take my sister? She was blameless. She was innocent."

Joan closed her eyes and listened, but no response met her ears.

The church, empty on a Saturday, dulled the sounds outside. Lately, however, her hearing had become sharper. She could perceive things she didn't notice before. Her muscles, too, rippled with power. Sometimes, when she gazed at the lake, the reflection staring back at her was that of a stranger's.

Footsteps echoed outside. 

Joan raised her head and turned to the door. It creaked open, and Father Miles stepped inside. He wiped his forehead. The summer heat was much more intense than usual, and it showed in his body language.

"Joan? Ah, of course, it's you. Make sure you don't lose the key, now."

She nodded, barely hearing Miles' words. "Father... I have... questions."

Miles closed the door and barred it, then sighed. "I imagined so. I expected them several years sooner."

A curious look spread across the young woman's face. She rose to a standing position as he passed the pews and climbed the steps to the altar.

"What do you mean, Father?"

Miles chuckled. "Ah, Joan. Before that..." He raised a finger. "Do you believe in Karma?"

The young woman twined a finger through her braided blonde hair. "I... suppose? What is Karma?"

"Karma is a term that means all things have already been set in motion. Nothing is an accident."

Joan swallowed quietly. "You're referring to God's plan?"

"Yes."

Slowly, she raised her eyes to stare up at the statue of the Crucifixion. "Was my sister's death in his plan?"

"Perhaps. You are the most pious young woman I know. What do you think?"

Joan nodded. "I... yes. I believe in God's Will."

"And why, then, did God take your sister?"

The young woman's lip trembled. "I... I don't know. He wanted another... another angel in Heaven?"

"No." Miles took a step toward her and wrapped his arms around the trembling youth. "God tested you, Joan. He found you exemplary, just as I do. Even now, you have not wavered in your faith."

"I... I can't..." Joan pulled away from Miles' embrace. "I don't understand. I thought he was testing my sister! I thought he would heal her and make her stronger! Why did she have to die?!"

Miles wiped his nose and glanced at the sun radiating through the windows. "Joan. Let me ask you a question. If someone prays for strength, do you think God gives them strength? Or does he give them the opportunity to be strong? If they pray for courage, don't you suppose he will give them a chance to show their courageousness?"

Joan nodded, tears in her eyes. "W-well, yes."

The Pastor smiled. "It hurts. You've lost your sister. But now that you understand what loss feels like, you will grow more empathetic. You know how people suffer because of the plague."

Realization appeared in Joan's eyes. "The Creator allowed my sister to die... to strengthen me? But why?"

"You're special, Joan. You aren't an ordinary human. I've known that since you were just six years old." Father Miles lowered his hand. "There's something I want to show you. The Lord, Jesus, conceals it. Help me move his image."

Joan nodded. The two of them took a few steps toward the twenty-foot-tall carved image of the Crucifixion. Sunlight radiated onto Joan's back from the stained-glass windows, as she hefted the statue a few feet to the right. Despite weighing nearly half a ton, it proved no more cumbersome than a pail of water to the teenage girl. Father Miles reached inside a hidden compartment behind the statue and pulled out a sword and sheath, allowing Joan to return Jesus to his former position.

"What is that?" The young girl meekly crossed her fingers together in front of her as the Pastor held the weapon flat across both of his palms.

"There are no coincidences, young one. This blade is the Sword of Heaven. A mighty angel once wielded it, one known as... Saint Catherine."

Joan's heart caught. "C-Catherine?! The same name as-"

"Aye. Karma. Do you understand, now? An angel appeared before me on your sixth birthday. Camael, the Archangel of Divination. She spoke of a child who would rise to cleanse the evil from this land. That warrior is you."

Miles extended his arms, holding the sword out to Joan. "You are a Hero. You serve the Gods now. They will favor you and bring blessings to your family."

Joan met the pastor's eyes. "The Black Plague. The Demons caused it, didn't they?"

"I wonder about that," Miles replied, noncommittally. "You are the Hero, Joan. You will find evil wherever it hides... and exterminate it. That is your divine calling."

The blonde woman pulled the sword from Father Miles' grasp. "I understand. Thank you, pastor. You've given me... hope."

Miles shook his head and caressed her cheek. "No, Joan. It is you who has given everyone else hope. That is what it means to be a Hero."

..........................................

"Joan is here! The Hero! Tell Satan! Tell Bael! Tell every- GHAK!" 

The fire-type demon sprayed across the wall as the young woman lightly backhanded him. 

Joan took a few steps into the cave. "Ah, another den of evil. It's my lucky day. Agents of Satan the Devil cannot hide from my Divine Vision." 

Joan concentrated, and piercing white light emitted from her eyes, shining through dirt and rock as she searched for her prey. "Guard the entrance, men. I'll flush out the fiends who dwell in these foul pits."

A thousand soldiers outside the hidden den nodded, raising their weapons. "Aye! Return in one piece, Daughter of God! We're counting on you!"

Joan didn't respond. She continued hiking further into the crudely dug cave, just big enough for her small frame to fit. Her light-armor rattled as she walked. The sword in her hand glowed fiercely whenever a demon drew near, as though it was excited for the meal it would soon enjoy.

Terrified demons rushed up to her, weapons both natural and artificial held at the ready, though none wished to be in her path. After all, the _Maid of Orleans_ had yet to suffer a scratch in her year of conquest.

"Filthy fleshbag whore! Your head will roll!" A massive berserker-type howled.

Joan waved her hand, and stone spikes erupted from the earthen walls, lancing through three dozen demons and monsters in her path. The evil fiends perished instantly, unaware of the fate that befell them moments prior. The rest of the demons charged at her.

"Get her! The boss will make us Dukes if we gut this bitch!"

Joan smiled, but she felt no joy. "Aye. _If._"

She crouched down and delivered a gut-busting punch to one big fellow, tearing the demonic energy from his body and knocking him to the ground. With a flick of Catherine, the sword tore him into hundreds of pieces with its magical abilities.

Several demons burrowed into the walls and burst out behind her, hoping to surprise the woman with a sneak attack.

Their efforts failed.

Joan spun on one toe, using her blade to cleave all her assailants at once. Then, using her light manipulation, she began forming spears of pure Holy Energy and hurled them down the corridor with explosive force, tearing apart everyone in her path. The Divine Javelins erupted into shrapnels of light each time they impacted a wall, killing dozens more.

"Sh-she's unstoppable! Fall back! Fall back!!" A demon Duke in the rear howled in fear, but for daring to speak up, he was rewarded with a missing head when Joan danced over to him and lopped it off with a single strike.

Minutes later, Joan knelt in the blood of her fallen enemies and prayed. "Thank you, Father in Heaven, for this massacre of evildoers. I have purged thy unholy enemies, as always, in your Divine Name. May you bless this world with favor."

Then, she continued moving. Her rampage was nowhere near complete.

..........................................

"Renounce thy beliefs," Bailiff Massieu hissed. "Sign this paper. Admit you are a heretic. We will banish you from the army, but at least you will be allowed to live."

"Ptuh!" Joan spat at the man, causing the crowd of onlookers to gasp. "I'll never renounce my faith! I was called by God to slay demons, and that is what I've done! You are the servant of evil here!"

Massieu wiped his face. "You're nothing but a witch, a sorceress. The soldiers spoke of your supernatural powers! "

"Given to me by God!"

"An unlikely story!" Massieu hissed. He held a paper up, one that would allow Joan to survive if she signed it, and tore it in half dramatically.  "Consign yourself to the fires of Hell! Let none say that I offered you no mercy!"

The Bailiff smirked as he walked away. "Tie the witch where she stands. Burn her. She will serve as a warning for all who drink from the fountain of demonic power."

Joan stood valiantly, her back to the pyre. _Massieu. A demonic collaborator. She had trusted in the purity of humanity, but she should have realized that weak-minded men might sink so low as to seek power from their enemies._ Joan thought.

A tear rolled down her face. _Was this why she had fought? To protect those who cared nothing for their people?_ Joan thought.

From the heavens, a light shone down. A voice appeared in Joan's mind.

_Young one. I am Raphael, a messenger from the Creator. We cannot save thee in thy time of need, but He has foreseen that thy life will not end here. Thy sword shall protect thee. Thou shalt enter it and someday be called upon once again. When that time comes... thou shalt know what to do._

Joan gazed into the sky. She smiled, as the men approached with torches held high. "I... I understand. I will never doubt you, my Lord. My sister... Catherine? Is she...?"

_She is an angel, here in Heaven. Thou hath done well, Hero. Thy sacrifices and struggles will never be forgotten._

Joan's smile radiated like the morning sun, even as flames began to lick at her feet. "Thank you. Never forget that I served you to the very end."