Part 259: Beelzebub's Prison Break
Part 259: Beelzebub's Prison Break

Inside the dungeons at the southern border of Hero City, an odd sight unfolds as Beelzebub, the Duke of Inferno, strides down the hallways of the underground complex butt-naked. More than two hundred prison guards ambush or attack him in groups of six to twelve, but Beelzebub casually kills them with the ease of a lifelong farmer reaping his wheat.

The young Duke trots forward at a snail's pace. His movements are very casual, as if he couldn't give a damn about the war happening outside the prison. With Mara having hastily explained the situation to him, he barely gives Ose's plans a second thought.

"Blasted wench," Beelzebub grumbles. "I bet she planned for me to get captured. How else could someone as incredible as me fall to that stupid crocodile's surprise attack? Surely, Ose would have seen that little trick of his coming from a mile away. She probably got a good laugh out of my predicament."

"Well, _hah-hah_, laugh it up. I'll just take my sweet time getting back. How about _that_? That'll teach you to pull pranks on me. Bloody hellspawn."

A heavily armored Rhino-trooper charges at Beelzebub from behind. With an advanced suit capable of ripping Barons apart, the man raises a massive hammer overhead, intending to smash the Duke of Inferno's bones into gravy.

Instead, Beelzebub summons a scorching disk of fire in his hands. It spins like a Frisbee, heating to over fifteen hundred degrees Fahrenheit. Without even turning his head, Beelzebub casually tosses the fire-disc behind himself. It crashes against the Rhino-trooper's chest, cuts through him without any resistance, and severs the man's body in half. He perishes instantly, unable to offer the feeblest of resistance.

After the soldier's body hits the ground, Beelzebub pauses. He turns around and frowns at the dead man.

"You humans are so strange. Has anyone ever told you that? What kind of moron thinks he can take on a Demon Duke all by himself? What, do you think your fancy technology can defeat me? You're not the Monster King. You're not the Second Emperor. You're _certainly_ not the Hero. You're just a human. An ordinary, worthless fleshbag. What possesses your people to fling themselves at me like idiotic lemmings? Do you all have death wishes?"

Beelzebub's question goes unanswered, on the account of his victim being dead. After shaking his head, the Duke continues walking, his demonhood _slapping_ against his legs one step at a time.

"Seven Hells. Why'd I have to go and burn my suit to ash? Gah. How embarrassing. Now the humans are going to see me naked. They don't deserve the honor."

After ten minutes of walking up and down multiple corridors, Beelzebub arrives at the top of the underground complex. His peerless heat-based vision allows him to make out the blips of several humans aboveground. More than thirty thousand elite troopers surround the facility's exit, waiting for the Demon Duke to emerge.

Once Beelzebub reaches the foot of the stairs, he slows to a stop and rubs the bridge of his nose.

"Don't these peasants realize that I can see them? Only an idiot would stroll through that door into their trap. Devils. Humans are truly imbecilic. If they didn't have a Hero assisting them, they'd have fallen two days after rising up in their pathetic little insurrection."

A sense of fatigue fills Beelzebub's mind. Boredom fills his gaze, along with a deep sense of despair.

"I'm only a Demon Duke, but already, I'm an unkillable monster. If I should attain the rank of Emperor, who knows how powerful I'll become? The Monster King couldn't defeat me in a fair fight, and he certainly couldn't kill me. He could only trap me in that suffocating metal armor. As for the pawns waiting for me outside, they aren't worth a speck of dirt. I could simply blast the ceiling into the stratosphere and fly away, but they actually think they have some brilliant method of capturing me."

"Well, think again, fools! I'm Beelzebub, soon to be the mightiest demon of all time! Not even the oh-so-great Satan himself would be able to defeat me once I reach my pinnacle. What can mere gnats do when facing a mountain?"

For some unknown reason, Beelzebub babbles to himself, likely due to enjoying the sound of his own voice. Despite everything he's just said, the Duke of Inferno brazenly begins walking up the stairs. He strolls out through the prison's exit as if he hasn't anything better to do with his time. Once outside, he stares up at the night sky and takes a deep breath.

"Mmm. Smells nice out here. Like daffodils."

The Duke's complete lack of preparation for the enemies awaiting him makes several human soldiers sweat bullets. They hide behind nearby trees, with the nearest soldiers donning stealth-type Spectre exosuits. These camouflaged soldiers, invisible to the naked eye, somehow feel exposed. Even though their brains tell them there's no way the Duke of Inferno can see them, their instincts scream in alarm.

Still, as good soldiers, they take aim at the Duke and await their orders. Several high-powered sniper rifles, each one capable of piercing tank armor, fixate on different areas of Beelzebub's body. Behind the nearest Spectre soldiers, other elite troopers wearing color-shifted standard-issue T-REX's lay on their bellies in the tall grass. Unlike the snipers, these soldiers wield specially-designed grenade launchers. Instead of explosive munitions, their grenades contain dense and heavy electrical nets, designed to explode just before striking a target, then wrapping them in a stunning embrace.

Countless other soldiers stand in reserve behind the hill where the prison exit emerges. They hide just out of sight, their purpose being only to come in with guns blazing if the first two teams fail to capture Beelzebub.

However, to all of the humans' alarm, Beelzebub doesn't move a muscle. He stands silently, unmoving, at the exit to the prison. The Duke of Inferno places both hands on his hips and stretches his back, all while gazing up at the starry night sky.

"Mmm. Bacon. Nice, crispy bacon," Beelzebub mutters, his words easily picked up by the trooper's exosuits. "Rosalia always used to make the most delicious bacon. I never ate it, of course, because I have no need to consume sustenance. Still, the smell always did stir my heart. I wonder what that fat ogre is up to these days, hmm?"

While Beelzebub mutters to himself, one of the troopers quietly whispers into his helmet's microphone, despite the perfect sound-dampening capabilities of his exosuit. He doesn't dare speak too loudly, lest the Duke somehow hear him.

"Corporal Hurent. We have eyes on the target. Awaiting your orders."

The man's voice transmits to his commanding officer, half a mile away. Corporal Hurent and Lieutenant Samuel kneel behind a large rock atop a small hill, their eyes locked on Beelzebub's figure. They peep out from behind the boulder and use their exosuit's telescopic vision enhancements to observe the Duke with the same clarity as if they were only a hundred feet away.

"Something's wrong..." Corporal Hurent mutters, her eyes narrowed. "Why is Beelzebub just standing there? I thought he'd immediately take off once he exited the prison facility. His reaction is... suspicious."

The Lieutenant stays silent for five seconds.

Suddenly, he curses. "Shit. He knows! The motherfucker knows! All units, this is Lieutenant Samuel! Beelzebub is aware of your presences! Fire at will! Don't hold back!"

Samuel jumps to his feet. His heavily armored Rhino suit releases steam from its back as it vents its excess thermal energy. Corporal Hurent doesn't argue with him, instead opting to immediately accept his judgment. She pilots a dark green-colored Hummer-class T-REX, one designed for short bursts of flight, or long-term hovering maneuvers. As the night-time lights up with a hail of gunfire, Samuel dashes forward, his feet stomping against the dirt. Corporal Hurent takes to the skies, activating her rear wing struts to launch herself skyward.

All hell breaks loose. Beelzebub, standing as calmly as ever, doesn't move a muscle as the lightly forested woodlands surrounding him explode with activity. Hundreds of bullets, guided by inhumanly precise exosuit aim-assistance systems, fire at the Duke in unison.

All of them miss.

Right before the humans unload their weapons on the Duke, he vanishes. A slight _puff_ of flames is all they see as Beelzebub fireports away, jumping to a tiny patch of burning flames he ignited moments before.

When Beelzebub arrives at his new position, he does so in an eerily quiet manner. The shrubbery around him erupts into flames as he materializes only five feet from a pair of Spectre-wearing troopers. Both troopers continue firing at his previous position. It takes them a split-second to realize Beelzebub has disappeared, and another split-second to notice a newcomer in their presence.

The soldiers jerk their heads to the left, where they spot the Duke standing silently next to them, a bland look of boredom on his face.

"Shi-!" One of the troopers shouts. Before he can finish the expletive, his voice cuts off. An explosion of two thousand degree flames strikes him and his companion, a woman, charring both of them to ashes. They don't get even a single moment to contemplate their existences.

The instant Beelzebub fries the soldiers where they stand, countless other troopers nearby pause their gunfire to train on his new position. Too bad for them, the Duke raises his thumbs, extends his pointer fingers, and curls the other three fingers on both hands together, turning his hands into finger-guns.

_Boom-boom-boom!_

The Duke launches a dozen miniature fireballs at high velocities, blasting apart twelve other random troopers. Flames spread out to illuminate the landscape, as well as the bodies of the humans. They perish without knowing what hit them.

By the time Lieutenant Samuel and Corporal Hurent arrive on scene, only twenty seconds have passed. Still, they're too late.

With fire and flames engulfing the lightly wooded area, Beelzebub becomes capable of fireporting anywhere he pleases. The naked Duke flits from one spot to another, shooting anyone he sees with fire-bullets, blowing up clusters of troops with concentrated fire-bombs, and otherwise wreaking absolute havoc among humanity's forces.

One man screams in fright as the Duke suddenly appears in front of him. "Aaaaiee-" 

His body explodes, spraying boiling hot blood backwards into the faces of his comrades behind him. Moments later, those soldiers perish as well.

"Sweet mother of god!" Samuel roars, as he storms onto the scene. "I'll fucking kill you, you bloodskin bastard!"

If Beelzebub hears Samuel's warcry, he doesn't pay it any heed. He continues fireporting around, easily evading all of the humans' intricate traps as if the battle were nothing more than a weekend stroll along the beach.

The more humans Beelzebub kills, the more vacant his eyes become.

_This isn't fun at all._ Beelzebub thinks. _It's not enjoyable in the slightest. It barely even passes the time. I might as well go and stomp Hellhound puppies in their dens. These humans are even more pathetic than I thought._

During a momentary lapse in concentration, Beelzebub yawns. The slight break in his battle momentum makes him close his eyes reflexively, making him fail to notice the huge, towering metal beast charging at him.

_BOOM!!_

Lieutenant Samuel punches Beelzebub in the face, battering him with the strength of a lion slapping a rabbit. Beelzebub, momentarily caught off-guard, goes flying backward. He crashes into the dirt some thirty feet away. His spine grinds against the burning grass, leaving a trail of ash in his wake. When he opens his eyes, he frowns. Half his vision fails him, indicating that whoever just punched him must have destroyed half his face.

"_...Dick._"

The Duke of Inferno growls in annoyance, then fireports backward, putting some distance between himself and the Rhino-wearing human. By the time Samuel's follow-up attack reaches Beelzebub's previous position, he's already started regenerating his shattered skull, face, and jaw.

"Nice sucker-punch," Beelzebub says, the disdain in his voice evident. A barrage of gunfire tears toward him, but he flickers away, dodging it reflexively. "Too bad it accomplished nothing."

"Fuck you and your smug bullshit!" Samuel bellows. He charges at the Duke once more, but Beelzebub merely fireports again, dodging the slow and bulky Rhino suit with ease. Its massive armor serves to hamper it against agile foes, so Beelzebub doesn't pay it much mind.

The Duke continues casually killing humans, but this time, he keeps his eye on the Rhino. For some reason unknown to the humans, he doesn't immediately attack the Lieutenant, nor does he kill him. Instead, the Duke goes to great lengths to avoid the humans' commander, killing more and more soldiers on the periphery as they arrive.

The Rhino-wearing commander chases after Beelzebub, trying to grab the Duke or land a decisive punch, but every time, he comes up short. As Beelzebub casually slaughters the worthless insects trying to cause him harm, he strikes up a conversation with Samuel. 

"Pardon me, human," Beelzebub says. "I've got this question on my mind, and it's really burning in my chaw. Perhaps you can satisfy my curiosity regarding the matter."

"Fuck off and die!" Samuel screams, as he swings another fist at Beelzebub. The Duke fireports away, leaving Samuel standing in a puddle of recently-melted soldiers.

"Yes, yes, you've said that several times now," Beelzebub groans, rolling his eyes. "But, look. I have to ask: Why do you humans keep fighting my people when you know you can't win? Look at this mess. I'm slaughtering your men without any resistance. I'm only a Duke, you know? I'm not even a blasted Emperor. Even with all your fancy metal toys and armor and guns, you're still no match for me. Doesn't all this seem rather pointless? Your only shot at beating me is if the Sphinx, the Second Emperor, or one of the Heroes shows up. Even if they do, they can't kill me. Even if they can, there are countless other demons ready to replace me."

Beelzebub continues. "This is all such a bother. Why don't you humans just give up already? It's pointless to resist. You'll all end up dying like dogs. Surely that's not what you want, am I right? Give up, and I'll ensure Ose only wipes your memories. We won't kill you. It's better for you to be slaves living in bliss than soldiers dying inevitable deaths, don't you think?"

The Duke speaks with the absolute conviction of a conqueror, as if his words are directed not at trained soldiers, but a group of rowdy children. Even so, his speech has a hypnotic quality to it, calling out to the weak-minded and making them consider his offer a little more seriously than they might otherwise. 

What use is there in fighting the demons when humans can't win?

Why die pointless deaths by fighting in a useless war?

More than a few soldiers, seeing the approach of death at Beelzebub's flames, feel their knees buckle. 

Aside from those who lived for a hundred thousand years due to Bahamut's curse of immortality, the vast majority of soldiers present at Beelzebub's slaughter are younger humans from liberated worlds. Remembering how simple their lives used to be before they joined the Hero's resistance, a few of them weep at how ghastly their situation has become.

One soldier shudders violently, his will to fight draining from his body. He falls to his knees and sobs as he witnesses the deaths of countless friends he's made over the past six years. Unable to pick himself up, he offers no resistance as Beelzebub appears and blasts his body to atoms.

However, one soldier doesn't flinch even in the slightest. Lieutenant Samuel continues doggedly pursuing Beelzebub, chasing him no matter where he appears, even though his actions appear completely futile.

"Shut your mouth, bloodskin!" Samuel roars. "I've heard enough from the likes of you!"

The Lieutenant stops his fruitless pursuit of Beelzebub, realizing his feet won't bring him any closer to the Duke of Inferno. He stabs a finger at Beelzebub and laughs hollowly.

"Hah! Your words are poison! What makes you think you're superior to us? Is it because you possess magic?! So did the Dragons! The Titans! The Angels! And now look at them. They're all dead! Soon, your species will join them!"

"Stupid bastard!" Samuel continues, his eyes turning bloodshot. "We are humans! Just because you're stronger than us now, that doesn't mean you will be forever! Just because you stomp on us and seek to enslave us doesn't mean you'll succeed! Even if I fall here today, the Hero will continue our fight!"

Samuel's words spread around the battlefield. Beelzebub continues killing humans, but his pace slows noticeably as he pauses every so often to listen to Samuel's speech.

"Even if this planet falls," Samuel continues, "humanity will live on! You demons are so high and mighty- so proud of yourselves! You defeated us once, but foolishly kept us alive, thinking we'd never revolt. You thought we'd never pose a threat to you. But look at us now, you ugly bastard! This invasion. This war. You attacked us because you're **afraid**! You're terrified of what humanity could become! We may be weak now... but someday... we'll surpass you! Totally! Completely! In every meaning of the word!"

Samuel's speech enters the ears of every man and woman present. Even a few of the exosuit-wearing monster-soldiers perk their ears up, feeling a surge of pride in a species different from theirs.

Beelzebub turns to face Samuel. He pauses his onslaught and laughs. "Haha. Is that so? You humans will someday surpass the demons? What a gas. Even if you had a million years, that would never happen. These weapons you take so much pride in mean nothing in the face of absolute power."

The Duke sneers. "Face it. You're living in denial, human. You're holding onto hope of a nebulous future, one in which you rise up and slay your oppressors. Too bad for you, that future is an impossibility. Even your precious Heroes are far too afraid to show their faces today. Where is Hope, hmm? Jason? Nowhere! They fled. They left you to rot and die."

"That's a damned lie, and you know it," Samuel counters, pointing his fist at Beelzebub. "Everyone knows our King loves his wife and daughter. He'd never leave them to die. The fact they're here means he will return. I know it. I believe it! I have faith in my King, as do we all! Even if you kill everyone here, the Hero will return and pay you back in kind for your sins!"

Samuel's voice turns deadly cold.

"But... before that. I dare you to face me, demon. I dare you to meet my fist. I've a debt I must extract from your corpse, as well as those of all your fellow bloodskins. My brother... my brother! He died because of your evils! You bloodskins flayed him alive and hung him up to dry! You left him to rot in the sun for five days until he succumbed to his wounds! A miserable death! A sad fate for a loving and kind boy!"

"Demonic filth!" Samuel continues. "Do you dare face me?! Or will you keep running away like a coward?!"

Beelzebub sighs.

"...Seven hells. I was going to save you for last, but if you're so desperate to visit the Great Beyond... well, I suppose I can offer you this last courtesy. You've given me a small bit of insight into the feeble thoughts possessing your species. Now I can understand why you fight with such desperate bravado."

The Duke rolls his eyes. "It's because you're all delusional. Every last one of you. You place all your hopes on some Hero. Some possible future which will never occur. Humanity will never defeat the demons. It's impossible. And, in the short-term, you will personally suffer the consequences for daring to attack me. After all, what sort of master allows his pet to bite him? Mutts should be slapped and beaten like the dogs they are."

Instead of fireporting toward Samuel, Beelzebub lowers his hands to his sides. The naked Duke strides toward Samuel with the grace of a deer, a faint smile appearing on his lips.

"How about this, human? Let's trade blows. Your fancy armor certainly looks impressive, but we both know it can't match up to my full power. If you can survive three strikes from me, I'll consider this my loss and leave. I won't kill any more of your men. How about it, chum? Isn't that a nice offer? Aren't I simply a swell guy for showing a pest like you such grace?"

Samuel shakes his head and begins stomping toward Beelzebub. "I have a better idea! Instead, I'll beat the shit out of you, and you can fuck off to the Great Beyond!"

As the Rhino-wearing commander suicidally charges toward the Duke, Beelzebub sighs with regret. "I remember when I used to think Rosalia and Bael were the dumbest people I'd ever meet. Ah, so young was I. So ignorant. Those were the good old days."

Beelzebub doesn't avoid Samuel's charge. Likewise, with their commander recklessly rushing in to face off against the Duke alone, the humans pause their attacks, unsure of what to do.

One hundred feet. Fifty. Twenty-five.

Despite his bulky armor, Samuel clears the gap in under two seconds. In terms of agility, the Rhino suit performs at a sub-par level. However, in terms of straight-distance running speed, it doesn't lag behind the other exosuits in the slightest.

Samuel raises his fist. He swings at Beelzebub, but still, the Duke doesn't dodge.

Suddenly, Beelzebub's left hand moves.

_BOOM!!_

The Duke backhands the heavily armored commander, sending him hurtling to the left. Beelzebub's unfathomable power renders all of the Rhino's technological superiority useless. Samuel slams into the dirt head-first, bounces, rolls, and crashes into a boulder, spreading spiderweb-cracks all along its front. The Lieutenant comes a a stop with the front of his helmet cracked and broken. He lays against the rock, unmoving.

Beelzebub laughs. "Haha. Was that it? Was that the full extent of your strength? I thought you might be able to take _one_ light little slap, but really, your idiocy- hmm?"

The Duke's expression changes. Even without the sensation of touch, he senses something amiss. Beelzebub jerks his eyes downward, where he spots a fragment of the exosuit's faceplate stabbed into his hand. The nanites spring to life and seep into Beelzebub's skin, making his eyebrows jump in alarm.

"What is this? You tricky little insect! Hoho, was this your big plan?!"

Without hesitation, Beelzebub ignites the power of fire in his blood. He boils himself alive, intending to roast the nanites inside him to ash.

However, with his mind fully concentrated on Samuel's deception, the Duke fails to notice a single human flying half a mile directly above him, her sniper barrel aimed at the top of his head.

"Target in sight," Corporal Hurent says, her voice even. "I'm taking the shot."

_Piff!_

A faint hissing of air is the only warning Beelzebub gets before his vision turns black.

A bullet traveling at ten times the speed of sound tears through the top of his skull, rips through his chest and body, and blasts apart his spine with sheer concussive force.

The Duke doesn't even get a chance to react. His legs turn to pudding as he stumbles forward, collapsing face-first in the burning grass.

Samuel jumps to his feet. Blood drips from his eyes and mouth, the result of taking a single slap from the Duke of Inferno. "All units! Subdue him. Don't give that bastard even a second to regenerate."

Dozens of electric nets fly at Beelzebub, stabbing into various ares of his body and transmitting terrifying doses of electrical energy to his neurons. By the time the Duke's regeneration kicks in, a hellish rain of agony starts streaming into his mind.

"Aaah... ahhh... ahhhhh!!!"

Beelzebub screams in pain. With electricity being the only conduit that can bring back his pain receptors, the numbness pervading his life for the past six years falls away, replaced instead with a hellish, fiery torment.

"Gaahhh! H-humans- you filthy, ahhh!!"

Hundreds of soldiers charge Beelzebub. Each time he regenerates, they bury bullets in his brain and spine, making it impossible for him to get up. At the same time, they retrieve a containment nanosuit identical to the one that Kar used to capture him previously. Beelzebub awakens after his twentieth regeneration to the fresh hell of nanites crawling across his body. The same suffocating feeling of terror takes him as he realizes that, even without the Sphinx, the blasted humans tricked him and caught him off-guard.

_No! Not like this!_ Beelzebub's internal voice screams. _How dare these insects press their boots against my back?! If they want a fight, then that's what I'll give them!_

The Duke instantly detonates half of the mana in his body, turning his arms and legs into living bombs. The resulting explosions catch his human captors unaware, killing five hundred of the closest soldiers in a two hundred meter radius. Even Samuel, with his heavily armored Rhino suit, barely survives by the skin of his teeth. Beelzebub's unexpected detonation tears through Samuel's commandos with reckless abandon, killing them like pigs to the slaughter.

A minute later, Beelzebub regenerates again. This time, the remaining humans are too far away to reach him in time. He jumps to his feet, hellfire and fury burning in his eyes.

"Filthy fleshbags! Wretched little deceivers! I was taking it easy on you, but you just had to go and piss me off! Now you all will DIE!!"

What follows is a massacre of genocidal proportions. Beelzebub doesn't hold back. He fireports around at unbelievable speeds, leaving afterimages in his wake. Everywhere he appears, the Reaper follows. Countless soldiers perish in flames, screaming and crying with their last breaths. Two thousand soldiers die in the first five minutes. Another two thousand follow shortly after.

Samuel lays on the ground. Terrible burn marks line his face and chest. Blood-filled tears drip from his eyes as he watches Beelzebub slaughter entire platoons wholesale.

When Phoebe messages him, asking about his progress, all he can do is apologize.

"Cough... cough... shit. It was a... a massacre. Fuck. I'm sorry, Commander. We couldn't stop him. Beelzebub... he's too powerful. Thirty thousand soldiers... my friends... all dead. Cough. I failed you, Commander. I failed you..."

Few soldiers remain. Those who do, roll around in the grass, clutching gruesome wounds while shrieking in pain.

Beelzebub spares nobody. Even Corporal Hurent, high above, isn't safe from his wrath. He blasts off the ground and flies at her with clenched fists.

"So _you're_ the gnat who hit me from my blind spot! Perish in flames, you worthless human!"

Hurent's heart turns to ice. She watches as the Duke flies toward her, his speed far beyond hers. Even with her flight enabled exosuit, she can't outrun him. She can't hide, she can't flee, and she certainly can't protect herself.

A tear slides down her face as she takes aim with her rifle.

_Piff!_

The bullet misses. Beelzebub dodges it from several hundred feet away, grinning evilly as he approaches.

With her death imminent, Hurent turns inconsolable. At only thirty years old, she's still young, with her whole life ahead of her.

Sadly, facing Beelzebub's wrath, her existence has met its end.

She closes her eyes and grits her teeth, hoping Beelzebub will at least grant her a quick, painless death.

...

Seconds pass.

Still shaking with terror, the Corporal opens her eyes.

She flicks her gaze in multiple directions, but doesn't see Beelzebub anywhere.

_What's going on? Is... is he toying with me?_

She spins around in midair, looking up, down, left and right. Still, she can't locate his position.

Hurriedly, Hurent pulls up Centurion's video footage. What she sees leaves her puzzled.

Beelzebub rears back his fist, swings at her head... and disappears.

She stares at the footage, finding herself more and more confused every second.

_Did he fireport away? But why wasn't there a burst of flame like before? I don't understand. Where did the Duke go?_

And then, as her confusion reaches its apex, a male voice speaks inside her mind.

[Corporal Hurent. It's me, Jason Hiro. I'm healing the wounded. Don't worry about Beelzebub. I've 'taken care' of him for now.]

The Corporal's jaw slackens. She stares ahead blankly at nothing in particular, her mind in a daze.

"H-hero? Sir? Is that really you?"

Jason replies, his voice filled with sadness. [Um. Yeah. Sorry it took me so long. I didn't realize the situation- well, I didn't know it had gotten this bad. I'm deeply ashamed of myself. But, don't worry. This war is over now. The demons will lose. I promise.]

"They will? You have a plan?"

[...Something like that. No time to talk. I have a lot of work ahead of me. Report to Lieutenant Samuel, tally the losses. You know what to do.]

The woman nods dumbly. "Yes, sir. I understand. Thank you... for returning."

[You're welcome. I'll make sure nobody else suffers the way you have, from here on out.]

Jason's voice fades away, leaving Hurent feeling not only dazed, but more than a little giddy.

_The Hero has returned! Even better, he has a solution to end the war! As expected, the King is amazing!_

---

>!This is what a spoiler looks like! Click it to reveal the text!!