[Recommended listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-hPnFlpjh4) or [No-Vocals Version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-hPnFlpjh4)

Amelia laid on her back in the grassy field, tracing her finger against the clouds in the sky. "La la la... la la la..."

A hot, stale breeze blew across the plains. The breeze pulled dried leaves into the air, blowing them past her one by one. Each leaf drifted forward for a while, only to float down and land amidst an endless sea of cracked, dried grass.

A few birds flew overhead. They would perish by week's end, as would the rest of Polaris's wildlife.

Amelia sat on a barren rock orbiting a star.

_This world is dying, and it's all my fault._ Amelia thought.

Blaarjiim grunted at her. "My queen, you seem gloomier than usual."

Amelia waited a moment before responding.

"Do I?"

Blaarjiim nodded. "Aye. You haven't smiled in days."

"He's right! Does that jaw of yours still hurt or what?" Dellfingler piped up, interrupting her train of thought. "It ain't like you to lay around. Not that I've seen, anyway."

Lowering her arm, Amelia rubbed her chin thoughtfully. "I don't know. There's a void in my heart. Emptiness. I can't explain it."

"Is that so?" Blaarjiim laid on the grass beside her, appearing in her mind's eye as a blackened mirage. "Perhaps you need a new thrill. Why not find someone worth battling? Use your new power and-"

"No. I don't want that."

Her interruption annoyed him — Blaarjiim sighed. "Now I know you aren't in your right mind. You're thinking about the mortal, aren't you? Ever since Hoarhiim vanished..."

The mention of Jason made her throat catch.

"Yes."

"There's no other way, my queen. You'll have to fight the mortal sooner or later. He won't forgive you for leaving him to die. He'll be angry; out for blood."

"I know."

Dellfingler snorted. "Honey, you ain't got nothin' to worry about. You beat him real easy last time, and you're a hundred times stronger now!"

"Sword, please. I'm not in the mood for your comments."

Dellfingler sighed. "Alright, geez, fine. I'm just saying."

Blaarjiim formed in her vision, appearing as a dark, smoky form against the backdrop of the white clouds. "The sword speaks truth, my queen. If I may be so bold... you are moping. The sooner you finish devouring this planet, the sooner we can move to the next-"

"I don't want to."

"Pardon?"

Amelia stared at Blaarjiim's form silently for a few moments before raising her arm and pressing it against her eyes. "When does it end?"

He grunted. "I am not sure what you are referring to."

"The killing. The hunger. When will it end? Am I destined to spend eternity consuming everything in my path?"

It turned out the sword didn't learn his lesson. He chuckled. "Getting cold feet after everyone you've killed? Honey, I may be a weapon designed for bloodshed, but I'd go dull long before I could amass your body count."

"I don't care about the opinion of an _object,_" Amelia muttered.

"You don't? Then why ain't you moving on to the next batch of food?!"

Several moments passed. Amelia sighed. "I liked you better when all you did was hit on me."

"Sweetie, I'm a sword. The only way we'd be an item is if I entered you, and it would be quite painful."

Amelia groaned. "Ugh."

_The more powerful I grow, the more trapped and unfulfilled I feel. I don't know why this is the case. Has slaughtering the weak and helpless transformed me into a pointless existence? Jason. What would you say if you saw me in this state?_ Amelia thought.

Blaarjiim spoke suddenly, his voice tinged with surprise. "Oh? Well, well, well. Look who showed up."

Amelia's heart pounded in her chest. She jerked into a sitting position and gaped at the mountain of a man standing in the distance.

_Jason._ Amelia thought.

His eyes glowed white, a color not unlike Hoarhiim's orb. He looked the same as when she had left him, standing seven feet tall, but his posture seemed more confident than before.

Jason walked forward and stopped about fifty feet away. "Yo. What's... uh... cracking, Amelia?"

Immediately Amelia's elation deflated. _His body may change, but the mind stays the same._ Amelia thought.

She pulled herself to her feet and dusted grass off the back-side of her black dress. She had forced a village to sew it for her, since the blue one was in tatters. They hadn't done the best job, but it was serviceable.

_I wonder if Jason... likes it?_ Amelia thought.

"I knew you'd show up. When Hoarhiim's orb vanished from my purse, only one culprit came to mind. What's with the eyes?"

He stared at her silently for a few moments. "How many have you killed?"

"I asked a question first."

He continued to stare at her unblinkingly. Something about his hollow gaze made her uncomfortable. "I don't know why my eyes are like this. After you maimed me, I lay immobile and paralyzed in a bed for a full month. They glowed the whole time."

"You healed yourself." She didn't phrase it as a question.

"No thanks to you." Jason's voice had an edge of bitterness to it. "Why, Amelia? Why did you attack me? I never wanted to hurt you. I... toward you... I felt..."

"You felt nothing." She cut him off before he could continue. "You're a Hero. You're my enemy. It's that simple. Angels created demons. Demons razed my birthplace and took my best friend from me. But Heroes? Heroes hurt _me_, several times. You're all the same."

Jason shook his head. "I remember a time when _I_ was the one preoccupied with appearances. You're beautiful, Amelia. If you weren't a monster... if you hadn't attacked me and left on that day... I wouldn't be here now, nor would you."

"Where would we be, then? On a beach, sipping lemonade?!"

Jason cocked his head slightly. "Perhaps. There's good in you, Amelia. I'm not just saying that. You can say you healed me twice and that those acts of kindness were part of some nefarious plan to turn me to your side, but you didn't have to become a world-consuming monster. You could have made a different choice. You could have made _several_ different choices."

Amelia's right hand slowly curled around Dellfingler. "How dare you judge me. Do you think this world and the one before it were my first time committing genocide? I've devoured millions, Jason. Don't pretend I'm redeemable. Just because you wanted me to dance around in a cute little dress for you doesn't mean-"

"So what if I did?" Jason gritted his teeth. "Is there something wrong with only using your powers for good? Healing the sick? Where I come from, there's a saying. _Do unto others as you would have them do unto you._ When you attack, hurt, maim, and kill everyone in your path, you ask for the same to be done back ten times worse. I gave you a fresh start, Amelia. You could have used your powers positively and helped the universe. Instead, you became a blight. A disease."

"Well, well," Blaarjiim whispered to her, a grin on his face. "Don't those words sound familiar?"

Slowly, Amelia licked her lips. "Yes, Blaarjiim. They do. Self-righteous. Judgemental. I was right about you, Jason. You're like all the other heroes, but you won't admit it to yourself."

"I never wanted us to grow apart." Jason said, raising his palm at her. "Maybe I should thank you. I live in the Labyrinth, now. A place of pain, torture, and death. You hurt me badly enough to shake away some of my naivete. Now, the only thing left is for me to abandon my childish ideals. I have to atone for releasing you and unleashing your evil upon two unsuspecting worlds."

"Oy, oy..." Dellfingler muttered. "Can't you two kiss and make up? Jason, are you planning to kill this beautiful temptress? This sultry goddess? Come on... don't be petty."

"This isn't about revenge. I'm not angry because you hurt me, Amelia." Jason pulled his palm back and touched a scar on his neck. "I know why you did it. I understand the choice you made. It was wrong, but I don't blame you. However, I do blame you for the deaths you've caused to innocents. Compared to you, the demons look like angels."

Jason closed his eyes and inhaled. "You're toxic. You're the forbidden fruit. I've found someone better now, someone I love and respect. I loved you once, Amelia. It was childish, immature, and surface-level. I projected my loneliness onto you, hoping you could fill a void in my chest. I sensed we were birds of a feather, two souls who were alone and lost in the world. However, that was not the case. I was wrong. There is no longer anything inside of you; only emptiness and hatred remain."

Something crawled down Amelia's cheek. She quickly tried to brush it off, only to pause and examine her hand. _A tear? Why am I crying? I'm not sad. Jason can say anything he wants. A Hero will say anything to make me lower my guard._ Amelia thought.

She wiped her eyes angrily. "I don't need you, Jason. I never did. I only spared and healed you because you released me from my prison — not for any other reason. You may have someone you care about, but so do I. Blaarjiim is all I need. Spare me the theatrics. If you think you can kill me, then do it."

Jason's lip quivered. A tear rolled down his face as well. "I don't want to hurt you, Amelia. I never did. It's you who left me no choice. You decided your fate. Now I will make it happen."

Amelia's entire body began to shake. Rage flooded her vision. "I won't kill you, Jason. I'll make you my slave. You'll live to regret becoming a Hero. I promise you that."

Jason lowered his arm and stood limply as Amelia drew Dellfingler. "I'm sorry, Amelia. I have failed you. I'm sorry for everything."

A ripple of power pulsed from Jason. Pebbles and rocks slowly hovered off the ground, and the planet began to shake.

Then, he spoke a single word.

"**Die.**"