Part 651: Rebuilding
Part 651: Rebuilding

_Far-Future Era. Day 3, AJR._

Across the Milky Way, the recent shocking events continued to compound and explode out of control. Between the fall of Maiura, the destruction of Tarus II, the betrayal of Demila, the fall of the Psions, and now, the reveal of the Dolgrimites... far too much had happened in only three days!

The rumors were spreading faster than a Kolvaxian infection! Humans, demons, and Volgrim alike were struggling to keep up with one explosive story after another! In fact, almost nobody knew about what had happened on XL-Zanovra outside the Volgrim survivors, the Dolgrimites, and Chrona's spies.

For once, the demons were completely unaware. Due to the remote location of XL-Zanovra and the fact no Cosmics were involved, outside the Kolvaxors who were already known for appearing and disappearing across the galaxy, the Demon Deities had no clue about what had just transpired.

Thus, a day later, when Demon Deity Auger was preparing for the demons' new transition to supporting the humans in hopes of countering the Kolvaxians, he was startled when a one of his Dukes arrived at his manor on Numaria.

Dawn, the Demon Duke of Stillness, quickly bowed her head and dropped to one knee as she entered his abode.

"Deity Au-ger! I have news to de-liver! The Warpgate on Numaria has just opened up. A vi-sitor is here. Says he is a Dol-grimite from the world of Grimvolas. He requests an urgent meeting with you!"

The cute young vampiress lifted her head and smiled, baring her fangs at Auger. She was none other than the former Lord of Caves who had long ago interacted with Amelia around the same time as her encounter with Gressil. But now, after dutifully serving under the Deities and absorbing Emperor Glinch's blood-essence-pills, she, and many other formerly weak Demon Lords, had been uplifted to ever greater heights! So many demons had been uplifted that Glinch had actually run out of pills. She, and those like her, could advance no further.

Auger frowned. "A Dolgrimite?"

Dawn nodded quickly. "Yes, Deity! He says he has a report to de-liver regarding the Kolvaxians."

Auger nodded. "Send him in, then leave us."

Dawn did as she was told. Thirty minutes later, a hunched-over Dolgrimite strode into the room, bowing his head respectfully, but without fear, in deference to the Demon Deity.

"Auger. My mother wishes she could have come. Unfortunately, her duties to Dolgris take precedence over all other matters."

"Yes. _Dolgris._" Auger said, narrowing his eyes slightly. "Founder Cinculu. I am always pleased to meet with one such as yourself, but given the recent events that have transpired in Volgrim space, I am surprised Unarin himself did not pay me a visit."

Cinculu raised his head. He smirked at the Demon Deity of Civilizations.

"Hehehe... it seems you are unaware of what has transpired."

"I am quite aware." Auger replied, his tone bland. "The Psions have fallen. Your Empire is crumbling. Now, you come to me, hoping to fall beneath my protective wing."

A moment of silence followed. Auger frowned when he saw Cinculu's unchanged expression.

"No, dear Auger, you _are_ unaware." Cinculu repeated. "A great many happenings have transpired. The old balance of power no longer remains relevant. A new change in rulership has taken over the Milky Way. Soon, all will bow their heads before the might of Dolgris. I am not here as a representative of the Founders."

Auger's frown deepened. "...Then why have you come?"

"You species is vulnerable. You are frail and weak." Cinculu said. "The Psions will no longer hold back the Plague. Soon, give or take a few rotational cycles, it is likely the Plague will come to you. And you have _no_ adequate means to protect yourself. You will fall... no matter how many units of time must pass before the inevitable conclusion."

The Deity of Civilizations snorted. "That's funny, coming from a Volgrim. If the demons ultimately fall, it will be long after your people do. Things aren't looking so good for you."

"You still are not paying attention to my hints." Cinculu said with a quiet sigh. "Never the matter. I'll make it more obvious."

He stood up a little straighter. His body towered more than three feet above Auger, but as a mere mortal, his presence was weaker.

Even so, he still felt... oddly formidable.

"Dolgris's Devotees are not helpless against the so-called Plague." Cinculu said, his tone grave. "In fact, we are its worst enemy. We have taken back a world which was about to fall to the Plague. XR-Zanovra now belongs to Dolgris."

"What?" Auger asked, momentarily tongue-tied. "You have a method?"

"_Of course._" Cinculu said with a feral grin. "We are the predator, and the Kolvaxians are our prey. Dolgris sees all. Dolgris knows all. Those who bend the knee will share in His glory. Those who defy Him will burst apart like bugs beneath a heel."

Auger's heart skipped a beat. He couldn't tell if Cinculu was bullshitting him or not. But if it was a lie, it was a bold one. It shouldn't be too hard to validate what he was saying!

"What happened on XR-Zanovra?" Auger asked.

"You won't take me at my word? No matter. I've brought a Recording Crystal. All shall be revealed." Cinculu replied, extending his claw to reveal a small purple gem.

Auger fell silent. He retrieved the crystal, then poured his mana into it. A scene began to play for him, a perfect re-enactment of the battle between the Dolgrimites and the Kolvaxians, taken from one of the Dolgrimite warriors' point of view.

Several minutes passed. Half an hour. A full hour.

Both males remained silent. Cinculu stared reverently at the video, mentally basking in the power displayed by his brothers and sister. Auger stared, his mouth slightly agape, shocked out of his wits.

The Dolgrimites didn't just win, they absolutely crushed the enemies even Diablo would have struggled to defeat. In fact, Diablo had no chance. Once the Empowered Kolvaxians appeared, he was utterly helpless. He died the very same day Artoria had Uplifted them.

Now, it seemed the Dolgrimites were able to stomp Diablo's previous feat into the ground. They weren't simply strong, they were _terrifying_.

After playing back the entire video, the crystal broke into dust. It had perfectly recreated the battle, but it could only be used once. Luckily, the Dolgrimites were capable of making more.

Despite finishing the video, Auger did not immediately speak. He stared off into the distance, his mind ablaze.

_The Dolgrimites can fight back and defeat the Plague. We cannot. That gives them an unbeatable advantage. If they choose to do nothing, the rest of the Milky Way will fall. Then they can fight back and reclaim it. But if so, why come to me? The math doesn't add up. They must see some value in working with the demons._

_Perhaps there is a numerical disparity. The Dolgrimites can certainly crush the Kolvaxians, but their people only populate a single world. Compared to the tens of trillions, perhaps even septillions of Kolvaxians, their numbers are far, far too few. They might want to build up a relationship with the demons to use us as meatshields. Or perhaps though they are strong against the Kolvaxians, they are not so strong against other Threats._

_And then there is the matter of Dolgris..._

Auger massaged his hand against his chin, stroking his goatee thoughtfully. He looked at Cinculu with deep suspicion.

"You have no need of my people. Why come here? Simply to brag? You can win this war by staying back, allowing the Plague to devour us all, and then slaughtering it after the fact."

Cinculu crossed his arms and puffed out his chest.

"The Auger I know would not say something so foolish. We have the absolute advantage in strength, but the disadvantage in numbers. If the Plague should attack with its full force, it might crash upon our people relentlessly, cycle after cycle, beating and wearing us down until we perish to the last Sentient. Thus, we have... special needs."

Auger decided to voice his misgivings. "You mean bodies for the meat grinder."

Cinculu stayed quiet for a moment. He closed his eyes and bowed his head.

"You demons are not so different from us Dolgrimites."

"In what way?" Auger asked.

"You detest technology. You eschew the embrace of metal while staying true to your origins. Your bodies are more volatile than ours, more prone to strange mutations, likely as a result of your reliance of devouring souls... but at your core, you are a species that holds certain principles dear."

Cinculu raised his head. He opened his eyes and extended his claw with its palm facing up.

"We intend to convert some of the Volgrim who are not entirely lost. We will make them see the light and return to Dolgris where they belong. But the vast majority are lost. They hide in their star vessels, praying to the false gods for salvation. They may be false believers, but they are also our greatest threat. We only possess a few star vessels; necessary for defending our voidspace, but disgusting to us by all accounts, and built by the worshipers of steel and circuits. Full of security holes. Not to be trusted."

He crooked a finger and waggled it at Auger.

"That is where your species comes in. Once this war is over, we will need trustworthy allies; ones who share our vision of a united galaxy, capable of battling the Threats which shall surely come afterward. We will need your help to eliminate our heretic brothers and sisters, seize control of their wealthy worlds, and rebuild them in Dolgris' honor."

"Let's say we succeed." Auger said, his face betraying neither interest nor disinterest in Cinculu's offer. "Let's say we purge the galaxy of the Plague, of the 'heretics' you cannot defeat alone... where does that leave the Demons and Dolgrimites? Will we continue to be allies? Or don't you think we will start to fight among each other?"

"Right now, survival should be our only goal." Cinculu responded. "There is plenty of galaxy to split between our species. Millions of life-bearing worlds. We can always satiate our greed far, far in the future."

A long pause followed. Auger turned away. He wandered off to the left and stared out at the beautiful sunny forest canopy beyond his halls with a grim and thoughtful look.

"A matter this important... I cannot decide it on my own."

Cinculu chuckled. "If you accept, my people shall position at least three regiments of elite Dolgrimite warriors on any worlds you deem core to your cause. For the lesser worlds, we will place two regiments, and on the least important worlds, only one. If the Plague should ever attack, your worlds will have their safety assured."

"That's generous of you." Auger said, directing a cold eye toward Cinculu. "That's _very_ generous."

"You suspect I have ulterior motives?" Cinculu asked.

"I know you do." Auger replied. "This is simply all so sudden that I haven't had time to determine what they might be."

He stroked his goatee once more.

"If you truly want to secure an alliance with my people, then I need more information. I need to know... who Dolgris is. If your 'god' is not some ephemeral figure, but a flesh and blood entity, than securing demonkind's alliance will not happen without my meeting him in person."

Cinculu's expression darkened. "You? A mere Middle Cosmic? You believe yourself worthy of entering His presence? It seems Dolgris's name does not command the respect it should. Even Unarin had the guts to request an audience..."

"How can I possibly respect someone I don't even know?" Auger asked, trying not to look annoyed. "If your 'god' does not exist anywhere but your imagination, then just say so and stop wasting our time. If he does, then arrange a meeting. I am leader of the Demons. If I cannot request an audience, then who can? You should at least show some sincerity."

Cinculu eyed Auger carefully. A full minute passed as he mulled Auger's demands in his mind.

"I will speak to Dolgris. I will convey your wishes to His Eminence."

"Good." Auger said. "I don't see any reason we need to speak further. I should call up the other Demon leaders first and tell them about the new _new_ situation. I will need their consent before entering our species into any binding pledges."

Cinculu slowly nodded. "Let us speak again, Auger."

"Cinculu." Auger replied, his tone terse.

The Fifth Founder turned on his heel, then marched out of Auger's Sanctum and left.

Minutes passed.

Auger became thoughtful. He debated a great many possibilities in the back of his mind.

The Deity of Civilizations was not an intellectual genius like Unarin, nor did he have an accelerated brain like Dosena, but he was quick-witted in his own way. Being able to trade around the powers of millions of demons necessarily meant he could tap into the minds of his subjects at will. He had become quite adept at bending others to his will via manipulation and deception.

Now that he had become the de facto 'First Emperor of Demonkind', such tricks were not strictly necessary... though it rankled him that a certain other usurper continued to hold the title.

Auger closed his eyes.

[Yardrat. Convene the other Deities. The situation has changed... _again._]

---

With three days having passed since the fall of Tarus II, the humans that scattered to the worlds of Pixiv and Sharmur slowly came to grips with their new reality. Their lives had been completely upended. Fathers, mothers, sons and daughters had perished, leaving countless families broken beyond repair. Many people numbly trudged through their day to day lives, working to build new housing, all while wondering in the backs of their minds just how long it would be until their _new_ reality fell apart again.

Nobody had any confidence in the status quo being maintained. They trudged along like zombies, doing what was told, but not really investing their energy into anything.

The mood was somber. Soleil sat up in a tree outside the vicinity of the first major human city in the former Sharmur capital. Below her, a large open stone arena stood, and a pair of women were fighting one another. One of them wielded a sword and a shield, the other used her flexible limbs that could change shape into whatever she needed.

These two were Cassiel and Belial.

Under the cover of a stealth field put down by one of Belial's Demon Duke contacts, the two women sparred with furious gusto. Time was not on their side. They needed to spend every possible day training their bodies and minds. Cassiel had assumed her true angelic form under the cover of the stealth field, and used her wings to accelerate her movement with the instinctive knowledge she had built up ages ago.

Belial wasn't really in need of the training, but it was still good for her. It helped clear her head.

Cassiel, on the other hand, was badly out of practice, a hundred thousand years rusty, and had suffered horrendous psychological trauma.

Whenever Belial charged at her, Cassiel flinched slightly. She knew Belial wouldn't deliberately try to kill her, but her body's reaction was instinctual. She could not control her involuntary muscle reactions any more easily than she could control Sharmur's winds.

Belial's fists crashed against Cassiel's shield. Cassiel stabbed at her training partner, and Belial dodged the attack with a fluid sidestep.

"Your movements are sloppy." Belial said between blows. "If you were a fearsome fighter in the past, you're not anymore. You have a long way to go before you reach your previous heights."

Cassiel gritted her teeth. "Quiet, you! I won't give up!"

She charged at Belial and tried to slam her shield into the Demon Emperor's arm, but Belial slithered downward, ducked under the shield, and swept her leg out, tripping Cassiel and sending her collapsing to the dirt atop her shield. A gruesome crackling noise made Belial's heart drop.

"Argh! My wrist, ahhh!" Cassiel cried out.

Due to the way she was holding the shield, it had suddenly snapped her wrist when she collapsed on top of it, leaving bones sticking out.

Belial grimaced. She quickly dropped to one knee, then helped pull Cassiel's hand out of the shield's holster. Using her healing magic, she repaired the damage, then paused to touch the angel's back.

"I'm sorry. We can stop if you need a break. I've been going pretty hard on you."

Cassiel clenched her jaw. She flopped onto her butt and stared gloomily into the distance while gently massaging her wrist. Even though the wound had been healed, the phantom pain remained. It still seemed as if she could feel her bones jabbing up through the skin.

"We can't stop." Cassiel whispered. "It's only a small injury. Already as good as new."

Suddenly, a voice called out from above. "Someone is coming."

It was Soleil, who was there to keep a lookout for unwanted visitors. With her warning, Cassiel quickly grasped the Heaven's Shroud and activated it, returning back to her human persona within seconds.

Less than a minute later, a male voice became audible at the edge of the clearing as he passed through the stealth field.

"What's this? Some sort of barrier?"

"Melody said she'd be here..." A female voice said, her tone tinged with doubt.

They crested the top of a small hill and stepped into the arena, finally becoming visible.

"B-Beelzebub?" Belial exclaimed. "And Kiari?"

"Oh, hey, Belial." Beelzebub said, giving her a half-hearted wave. "I came to get your help. See, me and Kiari- hm?"

He paused, noticing the random human woman wearing armor, wielding a sword in one hand while a shield with flakes of blood lay on the ground.

"...Am I interrupting something?" Beelzebub asked.

"Nothing I'd consider your business." Belial gruffly answered. "I heard you 'Ascended.' Became a Middle Cosmic. The other Deities may or may not have lightly shat their pants at the thought of you attacking them."

Beelzebub looked at the random human woman for only a moment before immediately ignoring her. For all he knew, she was Belial's 'partner' and this was some sort of odd copulation ritual. Rumor had it Belial wasn't really into males these days, so it wasn't out of the ordinary. And he didn't give a damn about some ordinary human woman anyway.

Beelzebub jerked a thumb toward Kiari. "You remember Kiari's husband?"

Belial nodded. "Saul, yes. What's wrong? Has something happened?"

Kiari's expression darkened. "Beelzebub has been helping me... look for Saul... we've looked... we've looked everywhere. I'm at my wit's end. I was teleported off Tarus II, but... but... I don't know if..."

The arena fell silent. Belial lowered her eyes.

"As a Demon Emperor, it's likely you were deemed a high value asset. Your survival was essential. But with the Volgrim attacking so quickly and so brutally... Saul might not have received the same treatment. Other VIPs would have come before him."

Kiari's expression didn't change. She looked as dead inside as ever. "Please... please don't say that. Can you think of anywhere he might be, Samantha?"

Belial continued to look at the ground.

She didn't know for sure... but the answer seemed obvious.

Saul was dead. He had to be.

He wasn't a high value asset. He would have been considered mid-value at best. Many others were more necessary to save than him.

Belial had lost a husband. She knew the agony Kiari must be experiencing. Even if Kiari and Saul had only known each other for a tiny fraction of how long Satan and Belial did, their bond was just as beautiful.

She swallowed a heavy lump in her throat.

"There's... there might be... one other place you could look." Belial finally said, after a few seconds of thinking. "The Hall of Heroes, Hope's secret domain."

"Oh? Why there?" Beelzebub asked.

"Because Saul was Solomon's nephew." Belial explained. "And he worked closely with Hope... until the Second Wordsmith died. It's the only place I can think of that makes sense. Maybe they teleported Saul off-world before..."

"Yes. You might be right." Beelzebub said. "Do you have any idea how we can contact the Hall of Heroes?"

"Your best bet is to find one of Jepthath's Legionnaires." Belial said, before visibly cringing. "But. Um. You're both... _demons_. They don't... like us."

Kiari's expression fell. "No. No they don't. Is there anyone else?"

Belial scratched her head.

"I wasn't exactly on speaking terms with anyone related to Hope. He was a bit of a bastard toward me. Though, if I had to hazard a guess... Neil Adams is gone, Hope is gone... oh!"

Belial raised a finger and smiled. "There is one person who's not a complete and total piece of work. Why don't you look for Neil's assistant, Debra? If she's still alive, she might be able to act as an intermediary for you. She could pass your request along the grapevine, through the Legion."

Beelzebub looked puzzled. He hadn't the slightest idea who Debra was, but Kiari seemed to know. She mostly got along with everyone, as long as they weren't diehard anti-demon fanatics.

"Debra!" Kiari exclaimed, smiling more cheerfully than before. "That's a great idea. Okay, thanks for the tip, Sammy! We appreciate it."

Beelzebub nodded. "We'll let you and your girlfriend get back to scissoring."

He and Kiari turned to walk away, while Belial was left frowning at his backside.

Cassiel turned beet-red. "H-hey! What is that pig implying?!"

"It's best not to ask." Belial said.

In the back of her mind, Belial felt extremely puzzled.

_Beelzebub doesn't feel like a Demon Deity. He seems pretty normal. Why can't I sense any of the power from him that I do from the other Deities?_

She shook her head, then turned to face Cassiel once more.

"Now that those two are gone, would you like to continue training?"

Cassiel nodded. She returned to her angelic form and gritted her teeth.

"We've only just begun!"