Part 574: Tactical Preparations
Part 574: Tactical Preparations

Fiona lowers her head as a fluctuation of energy surges through Chrona's worldspace for a split-second. She steps out of the Spynet Sphere, where she finds a person she's been waiting to appear for the past several days.

"Jason." She says with a faint smile. "You're back."

"For the foreseeable future." Jason confirms. "I visited Phoebe for a little bit, but I can't be doing that too much moving forward. We have a lot of things to take care of and we don't know how much time we have left before taking care of them becomes untenable."

He pauses for a moment, massaging his forehead as the shift in time-space dilation disorients his brain. The feeling passes, and his body re-acclimates to Chrona's TDR.

"Okay." Jason says, blinking his eyes twice. "Did you finish mapping everything out?"

"I handed it off to Rebecca." Fiona says, gesturing to a warehouse Jason has been using to hold his exponentially increasing pile of projects. "She's carefully prioritized your upcoming tasks based on importance, time-sensitivity, and expected impact."

Jason nods seriously. "The Plague is still inert?"

"No movements yet." Fiona answers. "We've been keeping an eye on Randis, since he's in charge of resource distribution, military movements, and all sorts of other high and mid-level operations across the Volgrim Empire. After the events on Reaver, the number of Red-level events has plunged into the single digits."

Jason massages his chin. "Didn't they previously average a few hundred a day?"

"Yes. And almost all of the red-level events were Kolvaxian related." Fiona explains. "I've done some digging, and apparently before the Kolvaxians attacked the Milky Way, Red-level events were so rare that the Volgrim might only experience one every 100 or so years. The major exception being during the Energy Wars when a few popped up in a short period of time involving the Archangels and Demon Emperors."

"Also the Seven Great Wars of the ancient past?" Jason posits.

"Well. No. Not exactly. The 'Alert Level' system was only conceived after the defeat of the Sentinels." Fiona retorts. "But... records of the ancient past are hard to find. I imagine Unarin has deliberately obfuscated them."

Jason looks at the Spynet Sphere contemplatively.

"He might know." Jason says.

"About us watching him?" Fiona asks.

"Yeah." Jason says cryptically. "At the very least, Unarin has to have guessed we _could_ be. I doubt he'd overlook such an obvious possibility. We should assume the 'obfuscation' you've encountered could also be intentional misdirection on his part. It's plausible Unarin could be doctoring historical archives to throw us off if we search them in the future. He could also have done this ages ago to trip up other sorts of saboteurs. Plus, it's just smart to hide truth behind lies in case another Volgrim rises up to challenge him. Maybe the reports you've seen aren't all true."

Fiona remains silent for a few seconds. She ponders Jason's words.

"If Unarin did know we were watching, would he do something about it? Actively, I mean."

"I think he would." Jason affirms.

The Wordsmith looks off to the side. He thinks for a while before frowning.

"I feel like Unarin would... have some sort of backup prepared in case a higher power began scrutinizing his Empire."

"Backup?" Fiona asks.

"Yeah. He has to have thought of the idea many times. What if an Apex Cosmic from another galaxy were to start peeping on him to gather intelligence? He'd probably have... I dunno... a whole secret language of some sort mapped out in case they did."

"That does sound like something Unarin would do." Fiona concedes.

"Only problem is, if Unarin made up the language, I don't think I'd have any way of decoding it." Jason mutters.

He thinks for a while.

Then, he thinks some more.

"Couldn't I?" He asks nobody in particular, as his mind conjures different ideas for how to deal with such an eventuality.

The two half-spouses remain silent for a little longer before Jason shakes his head.

"Later. Let's deal with more pressing matters."

He and Fiona walk over to the warehouse, where they find half a dozen Psions working with Rebecca, who guides them quickly and fluidly.

[Unknown device, possibly offensive in nature. Placement?] Initiator Dunal, one of the slower-minded Psions asks, as he holds up a palm-sized circular object.

Rebecca glances at it for only a moment before looking away.

"Quantum tunneler. Medium priority. Blue shelf."

Dunal nods, and moves to set the item on the low-priority shelf, while a different Psion levitates a large flat platform with room for items to be placed onto its surface.

[Wordsmithium Duplicator.] Initiator Lufa, the Psion who wishes most to become a Technopath, eagerly says. [It does not appear to function at present.]

"High priority." Rebecca answers. "Red shelf."

Initiator Tarim, the wannabe Changeling, is next. He hefts a large box filled with assorted mechanical parts and looks at Rebecca helplessly.

[I do not comprehend the contents of this box.] Tarim says.

Rebecca glances at it. "Those are the nearly-completed components of the Transdimensional Transfer Array. High priority. Tuck it under the red shelf too."

[What about this necklace?] Ferral, the bright-eyed Jason-fanatic asks. [There is a strange energy swirling about it.]

"Levitation artifact. Bottom priority, green shelf." Rebecca answers.

Jason walks into the warehouse to find a calm chaos unfolding as one Psion after the other holds up different items, each of the six having their own different affinities for tech, with some being utterly nonexistent while one of them is clearly heads and shoulders above the rest.

Lufa, ever the Technopath aspirant, seeks to learn all about technology, a fact that would make him a pariah on Volgarius among his fellow Psions, yet elicits little more than a 'ho-hum' among his newest compatriots.

"How are things going?" Jason asks.

Rebecca turns to smile at him. "Quite well, I'd say. We have categorized and prioritized 70% of your random projects. You have truly been too scatterbrained over the years, so this renewed focus should assist you in deciding what research paths to take your Wordsmithing down next."

"If Fiona gave you the go-ahead, I'm willing to listen." Jason says neutrally. "What do you think my highest priority projects should be?"

Rebecca gestures at the Psions. They stop coming after her with more random knick-knacks, then turn and leave the warehouse. Clearly, she is about to discuss important matters with the Wordsmith.

"The Plague could explode with activity in the next five real-time minutes. It may also not do anything for a day, or a week, or a month. The uncertainty has driven much of my decision making. I have decided to prioritize high-impact short-term gains over long-term ones. I have also decided to emphasize any projects that grant either a high level of combat strength against the Plague's new form, or methods to 'save' humanity and give yourselves more time to improve your situation. Unfortunately, escape is not a long-term strategy as we are trapped in this galaxy with the Plaguehosts."

"How much of a threat do the new Kolvaxians pose?" Jason asks. "Don't hold anything back."

"Simply put," Rebecca explains, "the bodies of every Kolvaxian have become as durable as Artoria's body was. And since she was able to trade blows with Executor Huron, that means the Plague has collectively become as physically imposing as the Executor himself."

Jason's expression doesn't change. He already anticipated this was the case. "Do we have any counters to the Plague?"

"Almost none." Rebecca replies. "But that doesn't mean _exactly none_. For example, Henry Cliff proved effective in single combat against one of the Plaguehosts. The sword you gave him was able to kill the Kolvaxian in a single strike."

"Henry is an anomaly." Jason says, stone-faced. "I can't just duplicate his sword, either. It's risen to the level of 'artifact.' Even if I could mass-produce them, he had to use it in its heaviest state to land a killing blow. Very few soldiers could wield it."

"What about Samantha?" Fiona interjects. "She's strong enough. Maybe you could make a special sword just for her?"

Jason shrugs. "I can, sure. It's mostly just Wordsmithium and an elemental enchantment amped up to an extreme level. But I can't make many similar swords. The mana requirements alone are ridiculous."

"Wordsmithium is going to be extremely important, moving forward." Rebecca says, sensing an appropriate moment to speak up. "I cannot emphasize that enough. In terms of durability, it is the highest grade alloy in the Milky Way. If we built a fortress out of Wordsmithium, the Plague likely wouldn't be able to penetrate it."

"A whole fortress?" Jason asks with a frown. "That's a BIG ask. The cost of making Wordsmithium is insane. A single ton of the stuff would require... god, I don't even know..."

"Roughly twenty-four days of maximum mana output from you." Rebecca says, smirking at Jason's surprised expression. "I ran the calculations several months ago."

"So you understand why I can't do it." Jason says, sighing heavily. "I mean, even if I succeeded in making a Wordsmithium duplicator, the energy costs alone-"

"That won't be a problem." Rebecca says. "Since your magic defies physics, we can use that to our advantage. The conservation of energy is a physical phenomena related to the 'mundane' forces of nature, such as endothermic and exothermic reactions. However, 'magic' pulls from a different source; the power of Imagination."

"I don't understand." Fiona says. "Imagination, okay, but where does THAT energy come from? Why does it regenerate whenever Jason sleeps? How does a single night's sleep allow him and any other human to fully recover their mana?"

"I have theories, but no solid evidence." Rebecca says. "If I had to guess, I would say the power of Imagination is fueled by Cosmic forces we simply cannot understand. It may have something to do with the innate power of our galaxy. Or it might not."

Jason momentarily recalls a conversation he had with Calanthra regarding the Milky Way's source of magic, but he doesn't bother to bring it up.

"So what does this have to do with creating Wordsmithium?" Jason asks. "Don't tell me you've found a way to generate infinite energy using my power."

"Infinite? No." Rebecca clarifies. "But for our purposes? Functionally endless."

She turns to the side, and holds up her hand, causing a hologram of the Milky Way to appear.

"There are hundreds of billions of stars in the Milky Way. These stars output tremendous amounts of energy in the form of nuclear fusion, heat, and radiation, to name a few elements. In terms of output, each individual star far outpaces you, Jason. Therefore..."

She glances at Jason, and he nods.

"If we can capture the power of stars, we can convert it into energy for the Wordsmithium Duplicator."

"Exactly." Rebecca concludes.

Despite her pleased smile, Jason doesn't appear as excited about the idea.

"I tried converting mundane energy into mana. The conversion ration was terrible. Something like 99% of the energy went to waste, and I don't think we can create Wordsmithium within the bounds of the universe's physics. Only magic can break through that limiter."

"Jason, you're being dense." Fiona chides. "Do you understand just how much energy a single star outputs? If we can capture that energy, or even just a portion of it, even if we only convert 1% of it to mana, that's still a thousand times more than you can output each day."

"Maybe not a thousand times," Rebecca quickly corrects, "but certainly ten times or a hundred times. Possibly more. I think that if we start immediately working on a solar-to-mana conversion project, we should be able to use it to transmit energy directly across the dimensional barriers to Chrona. Then, we can start building bigger projects that will ultimately reap huge dividends over the coming decades."

"Let's assume your idea works out." Jason says. "What projects should we put that energy toward?"

"Our highest priority should be countering the Plague." Fiona says. "But we also need to improve humanity's existence. We need to multiply humanity's population a hundredfold. We need to spread them out across the stars, and we need to ensure our allies are amply rewarded so they continue to assist us."

"Our Cosmic power is nonexistent." Rebecca says. "If possible, we should find a way to nurture human Cosmics. This has never occurred before, but perhaps Henry or one of the Wordsmiths might make a breakthrough in the near future. If not any of you, then someone else. If we can't create human Cosmics, then finding a way to uplift friendly monsters and demons, such as Belial, Blinker, Kiari, and so on would be to our benefit."

"Injuries and sickness have historically been easy for us to cure." Fiona points out. "Samantha has always taken care of the people on Tarus II. But that won't be the case moving forward. Even if our people weren't spreading across the galaxy, asking her to take care of billions of Sentients alone is an act of cruelty."

"So we need magical healing that doesn't rely on Belial." Jason says thoughtfully. "Definitely doable. I should have worked on this ages ago if I'm being honest."

"I want you to focus on completing the Transdimensional Transfer Array as your second, possibly third priority." Rebecca says. "The ability to transfer people across the different TDR-spaces smoothly and without killing them will provide immeasurable value to humanity's long-term stability. Additionally, if we can successfully build multiple arrays, we will have ways to save people in the event of a Plague attack. The Volgrim can't use magical devices to teleport people across the galaxy, but _we_ can."

Fiona looks around thoughtfully. "The Volgrim have lost a lot of citizens to the Plague. If we develop this technology, shouldn't we consider giving it to them as a show of good faith?"

"I don't think so." Jason immediately replies. "Not a chance. It's truly awful how many trillions or even septillions of Volgrim have fallen to the Plague, but the Volgrim are only our ally in this one situation. We cannot afford to give them an incredible new ability like instant galactic traversal. There are too many ways such a power could be abused."

"Jason's right." Rebecca agrees. "The Demons have Warpers who possess similar abilities. We're lucky they aren't very imaginative or they could have come up with better ways of overrunning humanity than Operation Stormbringer showed."

Jason remembers the portals summoned by the Warpers and how Mara's sister Ying-Ying was one of the individuals who helped flood humanity's land with demons to try and overrun them. It was fortunate the humans managed to survive, but the price they paid was truly awful...

As Fiona and Rebecca pause to debate the finer merits of giving the Volgrim this advanced technology, Jason glances at the shelves Rebecca and the Psions organized.

_There's one project I haven't started yet._ He thinks. _I should see if I can put all that excess energy to use in potentially breaking the curse put upon the fairy species. If they become capable of rising to Cosmic, then they'd make great allies for humanity. Especially with Blinker on our side._

He doesn't speak this thought, though. What Calanthra told him was said in confidence, and it wouldn't be right to break that trust. Not even his wives should know unless absolutely necessary.

"Wordsmithium." Jason says out loud. "What are some practical uses we can come up with for it?"

"Too many to count." Rebecca replies. "Armor, weapons, walls, spaceship components, you name it. Wordsmithium isn't just nigh-unbreakable, it also absorbs impacts at a level which no other alloy can compare. We can also make flexible variants with other practical uses, for that matter."

"Why do we need to convert a star's energy to mana?" Fiona asks, changing the subject somewhat thoughtlessly. "Jason can already make fusion reactors. Isn't that good enough?"

"Their output is fine if we want to provide power for a million people, but for industrial purposes of converting mundane energy to mana, they're insufficient. Barely a drop in the bucket." Rebecca says. "Any other questions?"

"No. I think we have enough to get started." Jason concludes. "Time is tight, after all."

"Let's pray the Plague doesn't come flooding into the local star systems at ten times its original pace." Rebecca says, her voice monotone. "We need as much of a reprieve as we can get."

The other two exhale unhappily at her words, but don't bother to follow up with any particularly witty comments. Ultimately, Jason and Fiona are afraid to jinx themselves and put humanity's future in peril. They need all the time they can get.

Jason walks over to his desk in the corner, which has a computer station a thousand times better than anything he'd have found on Old Earth, as well as a single gigantic monitor with more than a hundred windows visible, detailing all of the different projects and goals Rebecca thinks he should work on next.

The sight makes him feel a little sad.

_Phoebe's going to have Timothy in four or five months._ Jason thinks. _Even if it's only in five months, that's 1,250 Chrona months. Almost 105 years. If I have to stay in here the whole time, I'll go crazy. I need to make time for her, assuming the Plague doesn't launch a final offensive._

_Every year in realspace is two hundred and fifty Chrona years. Just half a year out there is a hundred and twenty-five years in here. Yet, even with all that time, compared to how long the Volgrim have lived, it's nothing at all._

_Can I truly come up with a way to save humanity? Even with Rebecca and Fiona's help?_

Unfortunately, nobody can answer the Wordsmith. He hesitates to ask these questions out loud, for he doesn't want to worry his mind-wife, nor his Cybernite assistant.

_Hope, you'd better be working just as hard as I am._ Jason thinks to himself. _I can't be the only damned Wordsmith fighting for humanity's survival!_