Part 264: Orias's Origins
Part 264: Orias's Origins

_An hour earlier, near the eastern side of Hero City._

Orias, Baron of the Stars, sits cross legged atop a small hill with a few dozen trees surrounding him. This lightly forested bulge in the otherwise wide-open eastern plains grants him a layer of concealment from any hostile gazes.

The Baron takes a long, deep breath. He closes his eyes for a moment to sense the ambient mana surrounding him.

"Mmm. Tarus II. This world is rich with life."

He balls both of his hands into fists, then presses them together in front of his chest. After leaning his head forward, he quietly inhales several additional breaths, all while reflecting on a great many things.

_For ages, I've sought the truth of Enlightenment. Sadly, even after all this time, I've yet to free myself from the shackles of mortality._

Orias opens his eyes. He gazes down at the fields before him, where a half-dozen demons stand in a circle. He barely gives them any heed before raising his eyes to the horizon, where he observes the towering cliffs leading to Hero City's eastern edge.

_All of this is so... meaningless._

The Baron's eyes become glazed as his mind travels a million lightyears away, toward a reality he may never experience.

_Transcendence. The freedom to unshackle one's mind from one's body at will. The apex of spirituality; a peak I can someday only hope to reach._

_Oh, my great and ancient master. Your legacy lives on through me. What more must I do? What feats must I accomplish to someday achieve that which you found so effortless?_

Orias's thoughts become disturbed as the air ripples beside him. A demon Lord steps through a tear in space and drops to one knee before extending his hands out to reveal a pitch-black metal box.

"Baron Orias. A delivery from Ose."

Orias blinks twice before turning to look at the young demon on his right. Absentmindedly, he plucks the box from the Lord's grasp. "Ah. Thank you. You may leave."

"Yes, Baron."

The Lord nods once, then leaps backward through the tear in space, disappearing into the Labyrinth.

Orias continues staring at the spatial tear's position for several seconds before wearily shaking his head. He lowers his gaze to the black box in his hand, then casually pops it open, revealing a small, palm-sized metal orb, one with all manner of fancy magical symbols engraved on its otherwise smooth surface.

The Baron of the Stars wriggles his nose in disgust. "Another weapon of war. Oh, Ose. Your desire for power, your desperate need to win at all costs... these feelings will someday plunge you into the depths of despair."

While keeping the metal orb, Orias discards the black box, tossing it behind himself as if it were a piece of garbage. Then, he sighs. He returns to his meditation, casting aside any cares or thoughts about the outcome of the Stormbringer war.

"Master. How long has it been? The world you showed me. The visions you bequeathed. Were those all lies? Were they meant only to turn my heart away from the trifles of existence?"

Orias's memories play in his head while he waits for Ose's order... her command to unleash the device she just gave him.

---

_I remember the fateful moment that changed my life as if it were yesterday, even though more than 100,000 years have passed since that encounter._

_I was still the Lord of the Moon, back then. A child compared to how I am now. A loyal servant of Satan the Devil. Whatever orders he gave, I followed. Even as a mere Lord, my powers greatly eclipsed other demons of the same rank. They called me a Pseudo-Baron, all because of how mighty my gems made me._

_Still, compared to genuine Barons, let alone Dukes and Emperors, my power felt underwhelming. I sought to increase my standing among demonkind, and so I went out on any mission that might temper my image in the minds of my peers._

_That was why, on that fateful day, I could not begin to imagine how my life would change._

...

It was a hot summer's day. The mission Satan gave me was simple: I had to travel to a remote Tibetan mountain range and eliminate all of the humans living there. It turned out these humans possessed an ancient artifact, something with an origin derived from humanity's first age. Satan wasn't sure what it was, but he assumed it would eventually help the demons in our war against humanity and the angels.

I climbed the mountain range without much trouble. Neither the snow nor the wintry chill bothered me, and my body proved perfectly adept at scaling even the steepest cliff face. Anywhere I couldn't reach with my own power, I simply activated one of my hundreds of gems and made my way past those barriers.

However, despite how easy climbing the mountain proved, locating the village was surprisingly troublesome. I wandered for days, searching north and south, east and west, looking for trails, hints of human settlements... yet I found nothing.

Finally, I made my way to the very top of that snow-crested peak. I intended to leap from the mountain top and glide around it in circles until I spotted my target. Instead, I arrived upon a scene I've never forgotten, even to this day.

Atop the mountain, a muscular man with pure white hair and well-nourished skin sat amidst a small field of flowers. No snow touched the ground within ten meters of his body, and the sun itself pierced the biting cold, illuminating his position with a ray of light. Somehow, it seemed as if the Creator himself had acknowledged the man's existence.

His clothing was naught but simple robes, woven together haphazardly in the poorest and most meager fashion. So thin were they that under any other circumstance, he would have certainly died from frostbite. Yet, despite the flimsiness of the man's garb, he sat perfectly still with both eyes closed, as if the Earth's rage could not touch him. Mother Nature's frozen fury flew in his direction, only to disperse when it came into contact with the invisible aura surrounding his body.

The aura of a _Hero_.

In an instant, I knew who this man was. How could I not? The demons felled by his hands were too numerous to count. Kerrigan, the Temptress. Oderos, Duke of the Fallen. Melgon, Baron of the Secret Fire.

I had met many heroes before, but none as mysterious as the man before me. Nebuchadnezzar, the previous Hero, had put humanity's house in order. His right fist could split the seven seas, while his left could tear the sky in half. Known as Humanity's Champion, he was a powerful one-on-one combatant who frequently ripped demonkind's best warriors limb from limb.

However, unlike Nebuchadnezzar, the Hero sitting before me was something of an enigma. He had slain many demons, yet had never left anyone alive who could identify him. We would only find corpses at various mission points, the bodies of dead Lords and Barons and Dukes left to rot under the midday sun, with deep wounds and lacerations torn across their surfaces.

Immediately, I raised my fists and struck a defensive stance. I gritted my teeth as a feeling of doom swept across my skin.

"You! You are this era's Hero!"

I spoke words that, in hindsight, sounded unbelievably stupid. Of _course_ he was the Hero. Stating such only made me more fearful. I was not an Emperor, a Duke, or even a Baron. I was merely one Lord among tens of thousands of others. My existence was ant-like in the grand scheme of things.

The man raised his head. His eyes glowed a deep purple, like the color of royalty. He gazed upon me with the same indifference a lion might bequeath a gnat.

"And you are a demon," The man said, remaining seated. "Have you come to die?"

"N-no..." I muttered, feeling my courage waver. "I... I didn't realize the bloody Hero would be up here. I merely wanted to find a vantage point."

"To assist you in your quest, no doubt," The man said, his words dry. "It seems you intend to slay a great number of humans today, hellspawn."

I faltered. My feet took two steps back as I became even more frightened out of my wits.

"W-well... yes... but I'm... I'm only following orders..."

I could hear my voice trembling, my pitch cracking, as I tried to swallow my nerves.

Suddenly, the man stood up. So fast was his movement that it looked as if he had teleported to his feet. He folded his hands behind his back and assumed a dignified posture. His white hair sat unmoving, untouched by the mountain's blistering winds.

"Well, how unfortunate for you, hellspawn. You've come here alone, with no-one to back you up. Have you any final words before you reap the fate you've sown?"

My mind went blank. I realized, in that instant, that I would die. The man didn't look like a merciless killer; that much I could see in his eyes. Even so, it was clear to me that he took his duty as humanity's protector seriously. He would not let me off the hook.

My teeth chattered. Not from the cold, but from my nerves.

"Y-you... what... what is your name?"

I don't know why I asked that question. Perhaps it was only to sate my curiosity before I died. Perhaps, I wished to know the name of my slayer, in order that I might haunt him in the afterlife.

Whatever the case, it caused the man to frown and cock his head.

"You wish to know my name, hellspawn? I assumed you would ask me to spare your life, as did all those before you."

"There's... there's no point..." I muttered. "You won't spare me. Why even ask? I would rather die with dignity than humiliate myself in my final moments."

Several seconds passed.

The man met my gaze, and the two of us fell silent.

After a full minute elapsed, he nodded.

"Very good. You are not like the others. Allow me to grant you this last request. My name is Siddhartha Gautama. You may refer to me by my heroic title, **Buddha.**"

I nodded. "B-Buddha. Yes. Well, I, ah... I thank you for this... this last kindness."

"Hmph. Where are your manners, hellspawn?" Buddha asked, pointing an accusatory finger at me. "I have given you my name. What is yours?"

For a moment, I felt a bit stupid, realizing I hadn't reciprocated in kind. I quickly corrected my mistake and nodded eagerly to his words. "Ah, my name is Orias. I am the Lord of the Moon."

"Orias! I've not heard of you before," Buddha said. "But, then again, I know little of the demons who roam the Earth. A few names have passed through my ears, but I've long since forgotten them. In my eyes, mortal matters are of little consequence."

After pausing for a moment, Buddha tucked his hands into his sleeves, folding them in front of his waist.

"You are a fascinating demon, Orias. Perhaps you do not even realize that much, yourself. If you can pass this test, the same one that so many demons have failed before you... I should hope that we might even become... friends."

My heart nearly jumped out of my chest. "T-test? What test? Are you going to spare me, after all?"

"I have no say in the matter," Buddha replied. "Listen well, young demon. My heroic abilities are not like those found among the previous heroes. They contain no innate strength in and of themselves. The one I use most often is a special one which absolves me of any guilt related to causing another sentient being's death. In all my years, I have never slain a demon. Rather, they have killed themselves."

Buddha extracted his hands from his sleeves. He raised his right hand to his forehead and pressed his palm there for a moment before pulling it away. To my astonishment, an eye opened up, one which greatly resembled Lucifer's third eye!

"Tell me, Orias. Have you ever heard of karma?"

I shook my head. "I have not."

"It is a simple concept, one I discovered when I was but a babe suckling my mother's breast. The Creator came to me in a dream. He informed me of the great truths of the world. When a creature dies, its soul passes on to the Great Beyond. But what happens afterward? Where does that soul go once it has departed our mortal plane?"

Buddha held up both of his palms, causing a black flame to appear in his right hand, and a white one in his left. He merged them together, forming a chaotic circle of light and dark energy.

"Righteousness and sinfulness; they are two sides of the same coin. Neither can exist without the other. Good men have committed foul deeds to benefit their people, while evil men have performed great merits to enrich themselves. This is true of all sentient beings, be they human, demon, angel, or otherwise."

Buddha continued. "Doubtless, you have committed many heinous acts during your lifetime. If I have judged you correctly, you have also performed many virtuous deeds as well. But what if I told you, Orias, that those feats carried a heavy burden with them? Every act you perform in this life will influence your next. Those who live lives of virtue will enter the karmic cycle of reincarnation, becoming kings and emperors in their next life. However, those who practice wickedness and devilry will reincarnate as peasants and slaves."

Hearing Buddha's words, my body lost some of its strength. I sank to my knees, listening to his speech with rapt attention. "This life... the next... do you mean to say that there are lives beyond this? What of my current one? I am neither strong nor weak. Did I perform poorly or superbly in my previous existence? Can you tell me, great Buddha?"

Inadvertently, I accepted Buddha's words as truth. I began to look up to him, feeling as though he were not some fool speaking in riddles, but a man whose gaze had pierced the veil of mortality.

He had seen the truth of existence. How? I knew not the answer.

What I did know was that, in that moment, I felt as if my mind had expanded, and my gaze spread across the cosmos.

There was more to life than following orders, seeking promotions, and working my way up the demonic hierarchy. There was more to my existence than I ever could have imagined!

Buddha smiled. His expression carried no malice nor hatred. Rather, he looked at me with pitying eyes, perhaps realizing the fog that had shrouded me for as long as I had lived.

"I do not know the answer to your question, Orias," Buddha whispered. "I cannot see into your past lives, nor your future ones. I can, however, use my Eyes of Karmic Retribution on you. I shall call down Divine Lightning upon your body. You will suffer a pain most excruciating as the total karma you've accrued up to now will activate ahead of time. If the Creator deems you unworthy, you will die where you stand, and your soul will evaporate into the Void. You will never enter the Great Beyond. You will never again step onto the path of reincarnation. Your tale will end here."

The Buddha paused.

"But... if you have not lived a hedonistic life... if you have not succumbed to foolish, evil desires within your heart, perhaps the Creator will spare you. Perhaps he will gaze upon you with pity and reset your karma, allowing you a new chance at forging your destiny."

The black and white flames within Buddha's hands faded away, while the eye on his forehead began to glow with divine energy.

"I cannot say what the result will be, young Orias. All I can say is... I hope, for both our sakes, that you will give me a pleasant surprise."

A moment later, a burst of light shot out of Buddha's forehead-eye. It struck my chest and sent me flying backward, where I crashed into the snow.

Anguish, torturous agony, and blinding pain struck my soul. In an instant, I felt my consciousness ripped from my body. I flew into the clouds, through the void, to a distant point upon the horizon.

My mind suffered innumerable cycles of misery. I felt the pain I had inflicted upon others throughout my life, the humans I had dismembered, the other demons I had dueled, and the angels I had butchered. Their pain became mine, as I felt the wounds I inflicted upon them fall upon me, but with a thousand times the severity.

Just when I thought I couldn't endure any longer, the barrage of attacks stopped.

I arrived inside a castle of light, a shining fortress within the Creator's domain. I felt His gaze fall upon me, and with it, a comforting warmth.

Moments later, all of the good acts I had performed in my life began flowing into my mind. I remembered the kind words I had given to a suicidal young imp, and how those words touched his heart.

I remembered a human child who, in passing, I had found unconscious in a forest and returned to his family. I never revealed myself to the boy or his parents, but even so, I saved his life, when killing him and reaping his soul would have been the first thing any other demon did.

Over and over, all the acts of kindness I had performed in my life flowed into my mind. I wept tears of sorrow. I felt the joy those people felt as if they had instead been my benefactors.

After an eternity passed, He spoke. The Creator's voice fell upon my ears.

"Now, do you understand, my child?"

I nodded, with tears in my eyes.

"Yes, Creator. I understand! I do! Inflicting pain upon the world spreads nothing but misery, while spreading joy and cheer improves the lives of everyone involved! All my life, I have been wrong! I have walked the line between good and evil thoughtlessly, like a headless chicken... but no more!"

The Creator smiled. I felt His love as He looked upon me with the eyes of a doting father.

"Good. Now go, Orias."

With a gentle push, the Creator flung me backwards, out of His domain, where I hurtled through the Void endlessly. I crashed back into Earth, awakening within my body as before, but this time, with a sense of purpose I had never felt in all my years.

"Great Buddha!" I cried. "I saw it! I felt the Creator's presence! He told me... he told me... great Buddha? Where did you go?"

I gazed around the snowy plateau, but no longer did the sun hang in the sky. Instead, the darkness of night had swallowed me, and the Buddha had left, taking with him his knowledge and wisdom.

Even the flowery clearing where he had once sat had accrued half a foot of snow, masking his presence to any who did not already know he had been there.

I sank to my knees, a deep sense of sadness in my heart. I wanted to thank him... to thank the man who had rekindled my spirit.

But I couldn't. He had left me behind.

---

Orias's eyes open. He gazes into the distance, as the ancient memories fade away.

_I spent the next four decades casting aside my Earthly desires to live a life according to the Buddha's will. Eventually, I encountered my master once again._

_The Buddha had not forgotten me. He told me I was the inheritor of his will, and that so long as I passed one final test, he would reveal to me the secret of Enlightenment._

"He struck me once again," Orias mutters out loud, his eyes losing focus. "He tested my karma a second time and found that I had stopped walking the path of hedonism. Sadly, he determined that I had not fully embraced his teachings. Buddha left me, telling me that I would certainly find the answers I sought someday... but that day would not come during his lifetime."

The Baron of the Stars sighs deeply. He gazes into the sunlit sky, a forlorn look on his face.

"What more must I do, master? What more must I sacrifice? Have I not given up enough?"

While shaking his head, Orias ruefully smiles.

_During the second test, my master's Karmic Eyes unlocked some of my hidden potential. He instantly elevated me from a Lord to a Baron, increasing my power tremendously. My master told me this was because karma was, in itself, a form of authority over the material plane. What did he mean? Could I, perhaps, use Karma to increase my rank? Is it possible that devouring souls is not the only way for demons to mutate into greater forms?_

The Baron falls silent. He rolls Ose's orb-device around in his palm, feeling the texture of its engraved magical conduits with his fingers.

After several long minutes, a flicker of mana appears at Orias's side. He tilts his head up to see Ose's Astral Body towering over him. She rests her hands on her hips and looks at Orias with a neutral expression.

"Is something the matter, Orias?"

"No, not at all," He replies, lowering his head once again. "I was just reminiscing about some old memories."

"I see. I'm sure you remember what I told you before. I'll attract the Wordsmith's attention soon. Wait until that device starts glowing, then hurl it into the air above my head. If all goes well, your contribution to this war will be among the highest of anyone here."

Ose points toward the six low-ranked demons standing in a circle out in the plains. "Those Amplifier grunts will suit my purposes well. Aim for the space roughly one hundred meters above their heads. I'll be standing in the center, using their power to make myself visible to the Wordsmith."

Orias nods. "You told me before that you can sense the Wordsmith through a... a soul-link? How does that work?"

"Haha," Ose chuckles. "It's a bit of luck on my part. The Wordsmith attacked me earlier while he was in a soul-body. During our engagement, I stealthily imprinted a tiny portion of my astral essence onto his soul. Thus, whenever his gaze sweeps across the battlefield, I can sense him. This device is similar to one I was planning to use on him before, albeit modified to fit the current conditions. I don't know why Jason wants to engage in long-distance warfare with our people, but if that's his plan, then I'll just have to modify mine."

"And this metal ball will... kill him?" Orias asks.

"No, no, devils, no!" Ose cackles. "Bahaha! I wouldn't dream of killing that blessed child. The Wordsmith is my key to unifying the Seven Hells. If I can ensnare him into my service, we demons will finally have a weapon capable of taking on the Overlords. I think you, of all demons, know how important that goal is."

Orias appears unmoved. "Mmm. So, it won't kill him. Let me guess; it will cripple his magic conduits?"

"That's right! If it weren't for my _precious_ older brother, I'd never have thought of this method. I can take the Wordsmith out of the fight long enough to perform one last assault on humanity. I'll capture his wife and child, hide them away, and force him to do my bidding. If he and Hope wish to skulk about like cowards, then I'll make them regret toying with me."

Orias tilts his head up to stare at Ose. His expression, impassive, counters her evil, wicked grin. She gazes into the distance at the six Amplifier demons standing out in the field and chuckles to herself, imagining the victory she'll soon enjoy.

"Ose..." Orias mutters. "Do you ever... tire of all this? This rat-race? The never-ending quest for power, dominance, and control?"

The Third Emperor's grin falters. She glances back at Orias and frowns. "Hmm? What are you babbling about? You're a wonderful Baron, Orias, but I've always thought your meek and mild-mannered ways were shameful for a demon. Have you no pride? Evolution and growth is what defines our species. All you care about is mining gems. I couldn't give a damn what you do in your spare time, so long as you're there when I need you for the important missions."

The Baron sighs. "I'll take that as a 'no.' It's too bad, Ose. Your lust for power... it will devour you, someday. The fate unfolding before you will come as a result of the karma you've reaped. I only hope that, in the next life... you find some measure of peace."

Ose's frown deepens. "Are you about to betray me, Orias? Am I unable to count on you in this critical moment?"

"Hah..." Orias chuckles. "Do not worry, my Emperor. I haven't failed you before, and I certainly won't now. I just wish you could find peace in life, and a better path forward... one requiring less bloodshed."

"Oh, for devil's sake, not this spiritual mumbo-jumbo..." Ose groans, rolling her eyes. She turns toward the six Amplifiers and flips her hair. "Just be ready for when the moment of destiny arrives. I'll activate the bait in half an hour."

A moment later, she flickers out of existence. 

After she leaves, Orias closes his eyes. Then, he plucks an Aquamarine gem out of his right arm. The large and unsightly indent in his skin rapidly closes up, returning the unsightly hole in his arm to pristine condition.

"Perhaps that is why I cannot achieve Enlightenment..." Orias mutters. "I still hold some attachment to my brothers and sisters, my fellow demons. I still fight and kill anyone my Emperors order me to target. I hold no desire toward power, but even so, I haven't yet let go of my attachments to the mortal plane."

Orias clutches the Aquamarine in his hand. Its gorgeous sky-blue luster glitters in the midday sun, making him smile.

_Gems are the key to my power. They grant me a wide range of abilities, transforming me into a powerhouse among the Barons. But why do I value them? Is it only because of their utility? Their beauty?_

_No. It is because I see the karmic cycle of life echoed within their shimmering depths. From the dust of the cosmos, it takes each gem millions of years to form their complete shape. Then, they melt into the cores of planets, waiting for me to unearth them from their pitch-black prisons._

_By activating a gem, I give it purpose, and it in turn gives me power. Without me, the gem is nothing more than a pretty rock. It is only when we unify ourselves that, for a few scant minutes, we can realize the deeper meanings inherent in our lives._

Orias clutches the Aquamarine in his palm, then snaps his fingers. It explodes into dust, granting its magical attributes to his body. A liquid-like sensation spreads across Orias's skin as he becomes invisible to the physical world, even hiding his demonic mana so nobody can sense him.

The Baron of the Stars melts into the background cosmic radiation, using the Aquamarine's power to shield his presence from all eyes. Even if someone knew he was there, they wouldn't be able to detect him.

After several minutes pass, Orias plucks out another Aquamarine, sighs, and snaps his fingers, replenishing his faltering invisibility.

He does this a couple more times, until the orb Ose gave him begins to shimmer. Orias flicks his eyes toward the six Amplifiers, where, presumably, Ose stands in their midst. He waits a few seconds for the orb to glow even brighter, then rears his arm back, coils strength into his muscles, and flings the orb across the plains, more than three-quarters of a mile away.

With a size smaller than a sparrow, the orb draws no attention to itself as it rockets toward the designated detonation position. The instant it reaches its target, Ose lunges her arm upward and fires a bolt of lightning from her fingers. It strikes the orb at the speed of light, causing a colossal detonation of chaotic mana throughout the entire area.

All six of the Amplifiers boosting Ose's astral presence howl in pain. The chaotic energy above them not only batters the Wordsmith's presence, but theirs as well, tearing throughout their mana conduits and melting their nervous systems into puddles of bloody pulp. The Amplifiers all fall to the ground in unison, perishing where they stand.

Ose stares into the sky. Her eyes turn bloodshot as a wild, wicked grin stretches across her face.

"Yes. Yes! HAHAHA! It worked! For a brief instant, I sensed the Wordsmith's soul violently shudder! He took the full brunt of that attack, and now I've crippled him! It will be weeks before he fully recovers! Now, so long as Hope doesn't show up, humanity will plunge into my grasp!"

She cackles evilly, laughing at the heavens victoriously.

"Ahahaha! Oh, what a pleasurable feeling! Even if Hope does show his face, I now have the perfect tool to deal with him! Never again will these Wordsmiths get in my way! First, I'll re-enslave the humans, then unite the seven Hells! After that, the universe will be mine for the taking!!"

While Ose laughs uproariously, Orias watches in silence. His invisibility wears off, revealing a look of fatigue etched onto his face.

"Well, Ose. I hope you've gotten everything you wanted. As for me, I've done enough here to fulfill my duties to demonkind. I'll be heading back, now."

He mutters these words under his breath, not speaking to anyone in particular. After shaking his head, Orias pulls another gem out of his left arm, snaps his fingers, and disappears with a flicker of light. He returns to the Labyrinth, leaving the rest of his people to finish up their efforts in the Stormbringer war.

Little does humanity know, but their savior can no longer fight on their behalf.

They will have to win the war by themselves.

---

>!This is what a spoiler looks like! Click it to reveal the text!!