Part 555: What Makes a Human?!
Part 555: What Makes a Human?!

Following the end of the two opening and closing arguments, the Great Debate enters a new format. No longer do Phoebe and Neil speak unopposed, but instead they both stand at their respective podiums on the left and right, with Yamir positioned between them.

The Minotaur holds up a microphone and speaks. "People of humanity, today has truly been eye-opening to this humble chef. Mister Adams and Miss Hiro have both revealed shocking and interesting information. Not only has Neil spoken of Threats we will someday face, originating from within our own galaxy as well as more distant ones, but Phoebe has told us that Humanity has lost its Flaw! What this means for the future, I cannot say exactly, but I am certainly interested in hearing more."

The Minotaur turns to look at Neil. "Commander Adams, is it fair to say that your position in this debate is that humanity should split in half for the sake of maintaining a cohesive bloodline and culture? Should they split apart in order to ensure a more 'pure' species takes root in the Milky Way, while allowing demon and monster-lovers to stay here, on Tarus II?"

The corner of Neil's eye flickers while he forces a smile. "There is more to it than that. We are also vulnerable to a single act of destruction! By placing all of humanity on one world, we make it possible for a powerful Cosmic deviant such as Mephisto to annihilate our species in merely one attack! As for leaving humans behind, I would honestly prefer if all humans went to Maiura while leaving the demons behind, but that doesn't seem likely to happen."

"You contradict yourself!" Phoebe exclaims, interjecting without hesitation. "You say humanity should split in order to ensure we cannot fall all at once, but you would also rather all the humans stay together in a mono-culture. Admit the truth, Neil. You're just a bigot who hates demons! I bet you'd even prefer it if our monster allies weren't a part of your perfect and _pure_ society!"

"That is not what I said." Neil answers calmly. "Humans need to stick together in these times. We have a tiny fraction of the population of other Sentients. We cannot risk spreading ourselves out and preventing our population growth from accelerating."

Yamir holds up his hand to politely prevent Phoebe from jumping in. "That is an interesting statement, Commander. But what about Miss Hiro's revelation that humans are potentially a superior species in the genetics department? If humans can indeed somehow impregnate or become impregnated by non-human species while almost always bearing human children, then does this not imply that humans are no longer at risk of going extinct? Why, a single human male could sire hundreds of offspring with non-human females!"

Neil's eye twitches again. He starts to open his mouth, only to pause for half a second. Then he opens it again, but closes it once more, as if struggling to speak the truth within his mind.

All at once, he erupts with anger. "Those will NOT be trueborn humans! They will be bastards born of sin! I don't care what Miss Hiro says, a demon who gives birth to a so-called human will actually be spawning a servant of the devils!"

Countless people in the audience flinch in surprise at Neil's explosive words. Many outright gasp, shocked he would say such words out loud.

Indeed, many humans, especially those loyal to him in the military, hold such views. But the reason they feel expectant toward him is because they believed Neil would make their views more palatable to the masses.

Instead, he does the opposite!

...

All across Tarus II, more than a million humans watching the broadcast recoil from their screens in horror, hearing his clearly xenophobic views made manifest through his wicked lips.

"I can't believe this clown!" One human male civilian says. "Everyone knows Neil doesn't like demons, but who knew the true depths of his hatred?? There are obviously countless evil demons out there, but I'm not gonna listen to this prick while he shits on the good ones like Samantha! She saved my boy from an infection that would've killed him!"

"She helped my husband recover from a broken back." A woman nearby adds. "He fell from a roof and would have been paralyzed for life, but Samantha and Leeroy patched him right up. If the Commander can't even acknowledge the good done by demons like them, how can we trust his judgment?"

A trooper sitting in the same room frowns. "Neil might have gone a little too far, but you can't pretend he's wrong. Humans need to stick together! We need to repopulate!"

"We CAN repopulate! We'll easily make babies with tons of non-humans!"

"Those won't be humans! Like Neil said, they'll be half-breed hellspawn!"

"You're just as bad as him, you bastard! Get the hell out of this bar! We don't want you here!"

...

Phoebe listens to Neil's words, unaware of the outbreak of anti-Neil sentiment across Tarus II, but fully aware that his words absolutely went too far.

Rather than retort or saying anything, Phoebe remains silent, allowing Neil to continue shouting expletives while Yamir's expression turns dimmer and dimmer.

_A wise person does not interrupt their enemies when they are making a mistake,_ Phoebe thinks to herself.

"Commander, are you saying that human children born of demons won't be trueborn humans after all, but half-breed bastards?" Yamir asks.

"That's exactly what I'm saying!" Neil snaps. "How can anyone think differently?! You really expect to take the WORDSMITH at face value? That imbecile has shot humanity in the foot too many times to be believed. How can he possibly know about the long-term effects of cross-breeding with demons? He only fixed the Flaw two weeks ago!"

"And what about humans breeding with monsters, such as Minotaurs, Harpies, and Goblins?" Yamir asks, his eyes suddenly narrowing to slits. "Are our progeny also considered... _half-breed filth?_"

"I-" Neil starts to say, only to suddenly realize the trap he just fell into. "I... that's not what I meant! Monsters are a valued ally of humanity! They're not the same as demons. Not at all!"

"So you believe that it would be fine if humans were to hatch children with their monstrous comrades?" Yamir asks, pressing the point harder.

"I... well- well of course!" Neil stutters, as sweat begins to build up on his forehead. "Monsters are... they are good friends... NO! God dammit, do you really want to make me say it?!"

Neil's fury explodes once again. "Humans belong with HUMANS! Not demons! Not monsters! Humans belong with their own kind! There, I said it! Does that make you feel better?!"

Yamir, and many other monsters like him, look at Neil with a new set of eyes, suddenly realizing their commander isn't only anti-demon, but anti-monster as well. His explosive words shatter the beliefs of countless humans, making them even angrier as his bigoted words touch upon a reverse scale of anger they never expected to feel on this day.

Many people ball their hands into fists while rage-filled thoughts roll around in their heads.

_I can't believe it! Attacking demons is one thing, but the monsters have proven time and time again to be humanity's most loyal allies!_

_How could the Commander think such thoughts? King Kar gave his life to save humanity! Millions of monsters died during Stormbringer!_

_My best friend was a HARPIE! That fellow was my brother in arms! I'll never forgive the Commander for this!_

Despite his rage-filled words, Neil doesn't lose his rationality. For once, he simply feels that holding back is no longer beneficial.

What does it matter if he enrages half of the humans?

So what if they decide to stay with Phoebe.

Would he really want a bunch of weak-willed demon and monster-lovers to come with him to his idyllic paradise on Maiura?

NO!

Far better for him to keep the humans who hold the values closest to his to come along.

Besides! Neil realizes something extremely important.

Humans aren't just able to breed with non-humans now. They're also able to breed with one another much more easily!

That means a much smaller population of pureblooded humans will be able to increase in number faster and more reliably than before.

So what if half of humanity stays with the First Wordsmith? Those who go along with Neil will be the most loyal, diehard purists of human thought he could ever pray for.

And so, Neil suddenly goes on the offensive...

"Wake up!" Neil barks at the crowd, while turning away from Yamir to ignore him entirely. "Do you disagree with me? Do you truly think these monsters are our friends?! It was a monster ruler, Bahamut, who imprisoned me and countless numbers of you! Bahamut even imprisoned my opponent, Phoebe! Do you _really_ think that just because a tiny portion of monsters and demons have chosen to 'side' with humanity that they can be trusted? I THINK NOT!"

Neil sneers viciously. "These creatures are only pretending to be our allies! When push comes to shove, if the Volgrim attack, or the demons launch a full-scale invasion with the help of their new Archdemon, I would not count on our so-called Monster Allies to stand alongside us! For all we know, many of these monsters could be Volgrim Changelings! Spies sent to keep an eye on us until the time is right!"

Neil's words further enrage the people sympathetic to the demons and monsters, but at the same time they fire up his supporters, making them raise their fists in solidarity!

"Finally!" One soldier exclaims with a huge grin. "The Commander's saying what needs to be said! I'm about sick and goddamn tired of pretending to be friendly with these scaled, feathered, furry freaks!"

"Here, here, brother!" Another soldier adds. "Screw these 'demi' sympathizers! My trigger finger's itching!"

However, as Neil continues to rant, Phoebe's frown deepens. She finally realizes his newfound goal, and this causes her to finally speak up.

"Alright Neil. That is QUITE enough!" Phoebe roars, her voice booming loud enough to actually startle Neil into a momentary lapse of speaking. For some reason, the voice she bellows with doesn't just jolt him into silence, but for a moment, it even frightens him!

Something about her voice hits him with physical force, making the blood in his body roil momentarily. He whips his head to the side to look at her, stunned by this strange... _attack_?

"I think we've all gotten your point." Phoebe barks. "You want to split humanity? You want to form a coalition of bigots and xenophobes? FINE! Anyone willing to support you, as far as I'm concerned, is not a true human! We're more than violent thugs! We are HUMANS! That means we have compassion! We have love! We have empathy! I will not tolerate your intolerance a moment longer!"

"Compassion, love, empathy?!" Neil shoots back. "You speak of those traits as if they haven't resulted in the weakness that brought us down to our current numbers! It was your spineless husband who nearly brought our species to extinction!"

"My husband is a great man!" Phoebe retorts, shoving Yamir out of the way so she can shove a finger in Neil's face. "His flaws can be fixed with time! He can become smarter! He can become wiser! But you're a fool who is stuck in the past! All you want is to drag us into a never-ending war!"

"Humans thrive in times of danger!" Neil counters, slapping her hand aside. "We are a species with battle baked into our blood! Not a bunch of pathetic, piss-ant pansies! Maybe YOUR ways are holding us back!"

"I'll tell you what's holding us back-!" Phoebe starts to exclaim...

But suddenly, a flash of light erupts in the middle of the stage, catching her and Neil both offguard. They both step backward as that light materializes between them, in front of Yamir.

At that moment, a figure materializes out of thin air, his disposition imposing, and a powerful aura of divine energy rolling off the sword held in his right hand. In his left, a shepherd's staff hangs loosely, while a brilliant golden crown rests atop his head. He wears a white military uniform that appears distinguished and regal at the same time.

"Enough." Hope Hiro says, as his figure comes into focus for the cameras. "Enough from both of you."

Hope looks at Neil with a strange, distant expression. Then he turns his head to look at Phoebe, this time with a faintly empathetic look that shows his appearing here was not an easy decision to make.

The Second Wordsmith turns his attention to the people in the audience.

He lifts the sword in his hands up into the air, revealing its full glory to the people watching from all corners of humanity.

"Humans... are an Apex Species." Hope says slowly. "We are formidable. We are powerful. But we are also vulnerable. We are disorganized, distracted, and disturbed. Look inside yourselves. Is this the Humanity you want the rest of the galaxy to see? A shameful bunch of arguing monkeys who can't make up their minds on anything?"

Hope lowers the blade known as Excalibur, but continues to allow its power to permeate outward, bathing the audience in waves of Holy Energy.

"My friend, Neil, has said a lot of things today." Hope says slowly. "Many things that I agreed with, and many that I did not. I cannot in good conscience allow him to slander the good name of our monster allies. Monster King Kar was a close friend of mine. Perhaps even my best friend. At the same time, while I have always held plenty of resentment toward the demons, I cannot go to the extreme lengths Neil has. There _are_ good demons out there. Great demons. Demons I would trust more than some of my fellow humans."

Humanity's second most renowned Hero sighs softly.

"Phoebe has also made some good points. I watched from afar, and honestly, I became a little impressed by her and Jason's plans for a greater humanity. Can you imagine it? Our people... ascending to all become Heroes in their own right? It is a vision of the future I'd dearly like to see."

He smiles for a moment, but then that moment passes, and the smile slips away.

"I have a vision of my own. I have a vision of a united humanity... but different from the one proposed by Phoebe."

This time, Hope lifts up his left arm, revealing the coiled head of a Shepherd's Staff.

"This is the Dominion Rod." Hope says evenly. "It is possessed by the soul of the very first Human Hero. The ancient Hero-King known as Jepthath. And the power he wields is terrifying, indeed."

"Through the power of the Dominion Rod, those who swear fealty to Jepthath can become linked to one another. You have already had your Flaws cured. You will develop different, unique powers over time. But the Dominion Rod can take this future trajectory... and supercharge it!"

Hope's eyes flash with excitement.

"Those who swear fealty can become united in minds, bodies, and souls! We will share our thoughts! We will share our desires! If one of you gains the power to manipulate flames, ALL humans will obtain that power! If a human gains the power to copy a Psion, then ALL humans will obtain that power!"

"Even if not one human gains a new power, we will all share ONE power; the one belonging to Jepthath! We will become as strong as the ancient Titans! We'll have bodies capable of shattering buildings! The strength to move mountains! The speed to do battle with Demon Emperors! Every human will reach the apex of what the mortal world can offer!"

Hope glances at Phoebe for a moment before looking back at the people again.

"What humanity lacks is time. Perhaps, if Phoebe and Jason have their way, some of you, many of you, or even all of you may ascend to become Heroes as strong as Jason and I. But then again, perhaps none of you will! And even if you do, how long will that take?"

"By swearing fealty to Jepthath, we can immediately empower our species! We can gain the capital to stand our ground and make our enemies afraid of crossing us! We won't need to fear deceptions, because our minds will be united. No Changeling will infiltrate us, because our minds will be united! And even if someone succeeds... we can simply crush them like a bug! The other Sentients will no longer be able to trample on our dignity!"

As Hope speaks, the eyes of many humans light up with excitement.

Who wouldn't want to gain incredible strength and speed, especially if it came as easily as the Second Wordsmith claims?

Who wouldn't want to solve the problems plaguing human society just by swearing fealty to an ancient, powerful Hero?

Who wouldn't want to uplift themselves and gain access to a variety of powers as more and more humans manifested their true human powers?

Many people who were outraged at Neil find themselves leaning more toward Hope's proposition.

Many who were ardent followers of Neil also become swayed by Hope's offer. For plenty of soldiers, more strength means more of a chance at becoming powerful enough to protect their friends and families!

While the monster and demon allies of humanity aren't exactly enthralled by an offer that won't benefit them, they do feel that Hope suddenly feels like a less vile alternative to Neil's outright xenophobia. Better for humanity to become capable of protecting itself while staying friends with its demon and monster allies than to turn on them viciously.

Just as Hope is about to hold up the Dominion Rod and ask for his fellow humans to follow his lead...

_Foop!_

Another figure pops into existence, this time on Phoebe's left.

Jason Hiro!

The First Wordsmith, like his counterpart, watched the proceedings, only now deciding to make his move after seeing his clone break the unspoken rule of not interfering with Neil and Phoebe's debate.

Phoebe jumps in surprise as she feels her husbands hand lightly press against her back. She turns to look at him.

"Jason?"

"It's me." Jason says, smiling at her. "It's _really_ me. I solved the issue... and it seems Hope did too."

Jason looks over Phoebe's head at his clone, who also turns to look at him.

Hope and Jason frown in unison, with Hope immediately becoming annoyed that Jason would show his face, while Jason is equally annoyed he had to make an appearance to even out the power imbalance.

"You just couldn't help yourself, could you?" Jason asks blandly, his voice projecting to the audience without even needing a microphone. "You _had_ to come here and swing your big sword around, let everyone know about your super-duper plan to perfectly solve humanity's problems."

Hope sneers. "At least I _have_ a sword, Jason. I have Excalibur, humanity's mightiest weapon! I have Solomon's Crown, which grants me wisdom beyond anything you can offer. And I have the Dominion Rod, which will allow me to unify our people into an unstoppable force!"

Jason crosses his arms, looking unamused.

"I don't have any of those things, Hope. But I don't need them either. Because I have something you don't..."

He pauses.

"...I have a brain!"

Hope blinks. "Excuse me? Care to repeat that?"

"You tried to fool everyone, but it's too bad I showed up." Jason snaps back. He turns his head to look at the crowd. "Hope told you the truth about the Dominion Rod's power. But what he failed to tell you was the cost of accepting it as your master!"

Thousands of people form invisible question marks over their heads.

_The cost of accepting its power? What cost?_ Many quietly wonder.

"Hope sneakily slipped a portion of the truth into his little speech," Jason explains, "but he downplayed the severity. Didn't you hear what he said? Once you accept the power of the Dominion Rod, you will have to share _everything_. Your thoughts, your emotions, even your deepest, darkest secrets. And that's not all!"

Hope glowers at Jason as the First Wordsmith continues speaking.

"When you become a servant of Jepthath, you lose ALL your autonomy! If Jepthath so desires, he will be able to control the lot of you like puppets! If he tells you to throw yourselves into a burning star for the 'good of humanity,' that is exactly what you'll have to do. If he tells you to give up your husbands and wives to others he deems more worthy, then THAT is what you'll do! You won't have a say in the matter!"

Jason turns his head to glare cruelly at Hope. "Am I lying, Hope? Do you dare offer a retort?! You tried to sucker people into a free lunch, but anyone with a brain knows power always has a cost!"

Hope squeezes the Dominion Rod tightly, hurting his palm as he exerts his maximum strength onto its handle. "The price is not too steep to pay! Humanity needs power!"

"If people go along with your scheme, they won't even BE humans anymore!" Jason shouts back. "What makes a human, Hope, Neil?! My wife and I believe it is our compassion, our love, and our empathy! But I would go even further! It is our individuality, yet also our ability to sacrifice for the good of others! By becoming a monolith of thought, we would be no better than the Plague, or even the Volgrim! A bunch of drones doing as the Commander Unit demands! That is NOT the humanity I want to see!"

Jason pounds his fist against his palm for emphasis.

"If this debate has shown me one thing, it is that I was painfully naive. I didn't think humanity's differences had grown as big as I now understand they have. But now I see the truth... there are many who want to kill, kill, kill, and there are just as many who wish to spread love and peace! These two factions are fundamentally opposed. We cannot remain united any longer!"

Hope blinks. So does Neil.

"Wait..." Neil says slowly. "Are you implying...?"

"I agree with you, for once, Neil." Jason says authoritatively. "Humanity cannot remain united. In fact, I say it MUST NOT! Through your ignorance and bigotry, you have convinced me of such QUITE thoroughly! How can I stand alongside those who think nothing but vitriolic thoughts towards others who have never treated them badly in the slightest?!"

Jason flashes a look of rage toward the crowd.

"I have heard the truth of the matter spoken through your lips! I heard what many of you whispered when you thought none were listening. There are countless humans among you I do not wish to call my friends any longer."

"So, from this day forward, I declare that humanity should split apart!" Jason roars.

The crowd explodes with shock.

During this entire debate, Jason's wife argued for unity, but at the very end, he swooped in and undermined all of her arguments.

Doesn't he feel that he betrayed and made her look like a fool??

Jason's expression calms down. "While I say that we must split, I do not think two factions is enough. Neil is right about one thing. We are exceptionally vulnerable to a single, coordinated attack! Even if humanity splits to two different worlds, such as Tarus II and Maiura, we are only barely more likely to survive two attacks from Demon Deities, Cosmic Psions, or other frightening monsters."

He turns his entire body to face the crowd, then lifts a finger for emphasis.

"I have a proposition for all of you. Humanity can now breed with non-humans to make more humans. Therefore, the future path we must take is logical. Become many and fill the Milky Way! I have spoken to Demon Deity Melody, ruler of the world of Sharmur. She has taken back control of the planet, and wishes to re-establish a safe haven for humans and demons alike. If any of you wish to join her, you may do so at your leisure!"

Countless humans, especially those who once lived on Sharmur, flash expressions of excitement at one another!

They enjoyed wonderful lives on Sharmur, free of strife, until the Wordsmith took them away. To them, this could not be a better offer, and they immediately decide they would rather stick with a reliable leader like Melody than their fellow humans who have continually dropped the ball.

"But that isn't all!" Jason says. "Do you enjoy living here, on Tarus II? So be it! Stay here, and remain among this community I have built up over the last six years. I promise I will do better in protecting you all, and I will make your stay here even more pleasant than before."

"But what if you align more with Neil's interests? Fine! Go and be with him, or Hope, or wherever you wish. Go to the Labyrinth, or to any other world you prefer. Do not feel obligated to stay here if your bigotry will not allow it. Don't let the door hit your asses on the way out!"

Jason chuckles smugly. "And if you want to go along with Hope's offer? To become a slave of the First Hero? Go ahead! I'm sure nothing bad will come of those who become vassals to that ancient powerhouse. Your lives will definitely be 'smooth sailing'. Hah!"

Jason's mocking tone causes many who still remained interested in Hope's deal to only solidify their plans. Despite hearing the price they might have to pay, they would still rather place their faith in Hope than in Jason, and not much would ever change their minds...

"I have other offers, for those of you who might be interested." Jason continues. "Fairy Queen Blinker has told me the fairies might be interested in re-homing humans who are willing. I also have certain secret places some of you may wish to go to if you want to avoid the upcoming wars entirely. These secluded domains will not be easy for the Volgrim, the Demons, or the Plague to locate. Time will pass quickly inside, and you will live boring but stable lives. For those of you only interested in rearing families, I would recommend this option! In fact, I bet even Hope could recommend a 'special space' of his own!"

Jason and Hope exchange a glance. The Second Wordsmith frowns, realizing Jason must have learned about the existence of the Hall of Heroes. But then again, Hope also knows Jason has his own time-accelerated realm. The two of them are not unique in this regard.

As for the details of their respective realms, neither one knows the exact location of their hidden domains. In that respect, they are both equal...

"So that is that!" Jason concludes. "You're all Sentients. You know who you are! As Humans, you should have the right to make your own decisions. I no longer believe that coddling the lot of you and forcing you into some unified, egalitarian utopia will ever properly work. Better to let you choose the lives you want to live, and reap the rewards or suffer the consequences of those choices. I only pray you won't regret whatever decisions you make."

Jason waves his hand flippantly.

"That is all! I will be opening a cross-species hall for people to apply for their preferred destination. A few weeks from now, we will announce the results, and you can all go to whatever place your heart desires!"

He turns to look at his opponents. "Neil! Hope! Do the two of you have any issues with this decree?"

Both men glare at Jason. Neither one offers a word of retort.

"No." Neil says quietly. "I've gotten what I wanted."

"As have I." Hope says darkly. "Well played, Jason."

The First Wordsmith ignores his clone's snide compliment.

"Then it's settled. I declare this farce of a 'Great Debate' to be over. DISMISSED!"

As Jason speaks the final words that will be broadcast to all his fellow humans, a collective sigh of relief goes up around Tarus II, Maiura, and the other sectors that tuned in to watch.

This day has changed the status quo forever... and only time will tell if it was for the better.

**[Next Part](https://reddit.com/r/TheCryopodToHell/comments/1cl1ixb/cryopod_refresh_556_a_welcome_reprieve/)**