Part 567: Reaver Invasion
Part 567: Reaver Invasion

One hundred thousand humans. One hundred thousand Technopaths. A thousand 4th and 5th Level Psions. A thousand Demon elites, mainly consisting of Barons, Dukes, and a few remaining Emperors.

This massive army stands on a recently reclaimed world, a fairly bland planet with minimal life signs and a barely breathable atmosphere named after its new Planar Warden, Yardrat, the Temporal.

This planet, Yardris, is nothing more than a platform to elevate Yardrat's powers to the level of a Bottom Cosmic. It has no other demons on it, and he almost never spends any time there except when staging operations to assault new worlds. If the Plague were to take it back tomorrow, he would simply return to being an ordinary Demon Emperor, then attach himself to a new world at Diablo's behest.

Thus, Yardrat becomes the poster boy for what the so-called 'weakest' Demon Deities can accomplish. While he might not have obtained the power to crack planets and traverse the Void with ease, his fundamental abilities have still received a massive boost in power whenever he stands upon his chosen world. In cases like these, being able to create portals far wider and more stable than the ones he made as an Emperor grant him unparalleled strategic value. Not even the Volgrim can mimic his abilities, leaving some of the Lesser Psions present feeling a little annoyed.

[The Demons are growing powerful frighteningly quickly.] One of the 5th Level Psions says in private to a nearby companion. [Their sudden ability to fortify planets with a single Cosmic would mean nothing during ordinary times, but with the Plague pressing upon us, the Volgrim Empire cannot stop the demons from taking what is ours.]

His fellow Psion, a female with onyx-black skin, remains aloof. [Trust in our leader. First Founder Unarin is too wise to allow this Threat to evolve within his domain unchecked. You would do well to assume he has already begun preparing contingencies, assuming he did not do so countless orbital cycles ago.]

[I suppose you are correct.] The male Psion murmurs. [I would not be surprised if Founder Unarin had several plans formulated in the event any mud-dwelling species suddenly obtained large numbers of Cosmics.]

The two of them continue to converse, sometimes including other nearby Psions in their discussion as they debate over whether or not Founder Unarin's wisdom is truly as unfathomable as they imagine.

Meanwhile, Henry Cliff paces around at the periphery of the human troops. Surprisingly, he is the only member of Jepthath's Legion to join this first expedition, since the other Parahumans have opted to put their strengths to use rapidly constructing a new base of operations for their future living conditions. Through his mental link to the Legion, Henry can easily monitor their progress, and he often gasps quietly as they rip trees out of the ground, split them with their bare hands, and throw together a simple log and stone city within just the first 12 hours after their ascension.

But Henry doesn't put much attention on the rest of the Legion. His job today is to set a shining example of what the Legion can accomplish, as well as to gather intel on the current power level of the Demons and Volgrim.

Before long, Hope Hiro materializes in the center of the massed human army. Henry turns to look at Hope, and is momentarily surprised to see a beautiful blonde woman standing beside the Wordsmith. Tall, gorgeous, and extremely formidable in appearance, the woman stands with her arms crossed, wearing a blue-colored metal armor that appears rather ancient at first glance, as if it were made during the medieval era of Old Earth. A sword hangs at her side, hidden within her scabbard, but Henry recognizes it as Excalibur.

In the time it takes Henry to register the woman's appearance, Jepthath speaks in his mind. [She is Artoria Pendragon. A Black Hole Construct formed in the image of King Arthur himself.]

[A Black Hole Construct?] Henry asks.

[During a battle some time back, Jason Hiro created two of those Constructs by compressing the bodies of many different powerful demon corpses, among other things. In a fit of rage, he formed two self-thinking creatures with independent personalities. One of them refers to herself as Soleil and stands alongside the last living angel, Cassiel, also known as the Daughter of Heaven. The other stands over there now and has taken up the identity of a female version of King Arthur.]

[Oh! I see. I didn't even know these two existed.]

[That would be because you were in prison.] Jepthath says, faintly smirking at Henry's discomforted reaction.

Their conversation concludes in the blink of an eye. Hope raises his hand to grab everyone's attention, then he levitates a few feet upward so all the human commandos can get a good look at him.

"Everyone. We will be starting the operation in only a minute or two. I've already spoken to Emperor Diablo and outlined how this test operation should play out. I will be placing Lady Artoria on the western flank of our forces, and my own super-soldier, Henry Cliff, on the eastern flank. Together, the two of them will protect our massed soldiers from any sudden high-ranking Plaguehosts. Should Cosmic Kolvaxians make an appearance, the leaders of each faction have already prepared several contingencies."

Linda Hurent, standing not far away, raises her hand. "Hope! Are you going to fight in the field? We cannot risk handing a Wordsmith to the Plague."

"Oh, hey, Linda." Hope says, offering a tight smile to her before returning his attention to the other soldiers. "I will not be directly participating. I'm going to be taking an active role in commanding from the backlines and using my power to intervene should any of our brave soldiers fall into crisis. For the rest of you, I'll expect you to listen to General Chadwick's orders, as he will be your commander once the operation begins. Are there any further questions?"

A few men and women do indeed volunteer their questions, and Hope fields them smoothly before moving on. As the timer counts down, he walks over to Linda and frowns.

"Neil wouldn't want you here."

"I know." Linda says. "But I am a soldier. I fight for humanity. I represent Neil's interests by coming here, especially since you and I both know he can't be present due to the message it would send."

Hope glances at the army of demons out of the corner of his eye. "I suppose not. But don't do anything rash, Linda. We can afford to lose a few grunts if we must but I will not risk losing you. It would devastate Neil."

He pauses, then looks her in the eye. "By the way. That stunt he pulled at the Great Debate? That was bullshit. You two haven't been dating very long. Are you really okay with him using you like that?"

Linda sighs. "It was a move of political expediency. It didn't make me feel good. But... I care for Neil. If this is how he wants to use me, then I'll play along."

"You're a grown woman." Hope says. "I won't tell you how to live your life. But I recommend after this battle, you go back there and make sure Neil knows that wasn't okay. He should have proposed in private first, not used you like a prop. Even if you would have said yes, it was still wrong."

Linda smiles helplessly. "I do plan to talk to him about it eventually. We just... haven't had the right moment yet."

"I've said my piece." Hope concludes. "Take care out there, Linda. I'll make sure to protect you."

At the same time as Hope talks to Linda, Henry walks over to the formidable looking Artoria. She notices his approach and turns to face him.

"Artoria?" Henry asks, belatedly realizing it's a bit of a silly introduction. "Jepthath told me about you."

Artoria says nothing. She merely rests her hands on her hips and stares at Henry silently.

"You're pretty strong, I assume?" Henry asks, feeling even more awkward when she again fails to respond. "I, I uh, I got a power-up from Jepthath recently. I was thinking after today's battle, you and I could spar a bit? I need to face a strong opponent."

The Black Hole Construct blinks twice. "Yes."

"Yes?" Henry repeats. "Great! Let's, uh, meet up on Maiura?"

Once again, Artoria blinks twice. "Yes."

Then, she turns away, decisively ending the conversation.

Henry lamely stammers something out before turning and walking away, feeling somewhat embarrassed.

"Holy shit, that was so awkward." He mutters to himself.

Jepthath snickers. [Does this old man perhaps sense a hint of... interest... in the scary but beautiful woman? Be careful, boy. She can take a beating... and dish one out.]

After Henry leaves, Hope walks over to Artoria, sparing Henry's departing figure a glance, as well as a chuckle.

"Made a friend, Artoria?"

The tell blonde woman looks at him with disinterest.

"Guess not." Hope says, snickering to himself. "Hey, before you go out there, I wanted to offer you this. You might need it."

Hope grabs a sword at his waist and pulls it out of its sheath, revealing the original Excalibur, glowing faintly due to the immense mana stored within.

"I'd feel a lot better if you went onto the battlefield with this." Hope says, holding Excalibur out for her to take it. "Whaddya say?"

Artoria slightly shakes her head. "No."

Hope frowns. He gestures to the replica of Excalibur hanging at her side. "The real Excalibur is much stronger. With it, you'll be able to control Arthur's power of light magic. Since I can't show up on the battlefield without risking giving the Plague a Wordsmith, this is the next best option."

Artoria slowly grips the hilt of her Pseudo-Excalibur. "I like this one. It's _sharp_."

"Yes, yes, I know it's sharp. Maybe even a little sharper than the original blade." Hope says, his tone turning faintly exasperated. "But come on, nothing beats the original! You don't have any magic you can use for long-ranged attacks!"

"I don't need magic." Artoria says coldly. "I'm strong."

"Well..."

Hope trails off. Seeing the look of determination in Artoria's eyes, he decides to throw in the towel. After sliding the genuine Excalibur back into its sheath, he heaves a sigh.

"Alright. You took on Lucifer and Gressil. I guess you'll be okay. Just make sure to protect the humans, alright? If any Cosmic Kolvaxians show up, let Diablo and the Volgrim deal with them. We only have a few major threats worth worrying about, and they're not very strong, so it should be a cake-walk. Diablo's taken back a hundred worlds already, so he knows all the tricks the Plague can unleash on us."

Artoria nods. "It's time. You should leave now."

Hope nods at her, then he speaks a Word of Power to return to the Hall of Heroes.

Not long after his departure, Commander Chadwick steps up. "Alright, everyone. Thirty seconds! Engage your T-REX's and prepare for battle!"

Henry nods. He slaps his chest, causing a layer of nano-machines to swarm over his body. Linda covers her head up with a helmet, as do all the other humans. Only Artoria remains in her medieval armor without any other protection. More than a few soldiers look at her in confusion, as if she were suicidal, but those in the know quickly spread the word about her true power.

Her skin and bones are like flexible titanium. She has no blood and thus cannot bleed. Her vision is capable of switching from telescopic to microscopic in an instant. Her punches can sunder mountains. In terms of durability, she comes second only to Bael back in his prime.

As for breathing a little toxic air? She wouldn't even bat an eye.

Yardrat teleports overhead. Now a Bottom Cosmic, he summons forth the power of a Demon Deity, then materializes an absolutely massive thousand-foot-wide transparent portal, one which reveals a fallen industrial world which once belonged to the Technopaths. This world fell over thirty thousand years before, and the infrastructure every soldier can see appears decrepit, rusted, and ruined.

Wherever the world might be located, it has long lost the industrial base which made it valuable. Even so, it must be retaken, as must ALL the other worlds lost to the Plague over the last 90,000 years.

The War has only just begun.

"CHARGE!!" Yardrat yells, sending forth the demons to attack first. At the same time, he opens a portal elsewhere on Yardris, a portal big enough for Diablo to pass through in his Archdemon form. Thus, the Archdemon arrives on the Kolvaxxed Planet at the same time as the first of his demon soldiers.

By the time the humans and Volgrim follow the initial burst of demons, the planet has already come to life.

The plants vibrate, transmitting incomprehensible messages deep underground. The creatures of the land scatter and flee. Winds whip up, causing an earthen odor to spread throughout the air, one which the humans' T-REX's instantly filter out.

_Pheremones._

The moment Diablo steps foot on this world, a planet once referred to as 'Reaver' by its inhabitants, the Kolvaxians take notice.

Mere seconds pass before creatures with mottled green skin burst out of the ground and rush at the invading army. Diablo lances his tentacles into the soil to begin the process of contesting Reaver's core while his Emperors, Dukes, and Barons start blasting the Kolvaxians with all they've got.

One of the newly crowned Emperors immediately hardens the ground beneath himself, spreading this effect beneath the feet of other nearby demons, then the soil beneath Yardrat's portal. He continues to spread it around, making the ground as solid as iron, all for one explicit purpose: Preventing the Kolvaxians from emerging directly underneath the invading army.

In the past, the demons were caught off-guard a couple of times when the alien monsters managed to surprise them with sneak attacks from below. Naturally, the demons survived and even escaped the fate of consumption via their enemies, but Diablo also took care to ensure such a thing would never happen again!

At the same time as the demons fortify the area and lay a foundation to conquer the planet, humanity's soldiers join the Volgrim in two flanks that sweep around outside the demons to form twin walls of flesh. Technopath elites don highly advanced combat armor which augment their already terrifying augmented flesh and bone bodies. Unlike the simple Technopath technicians who have fallen to the Kolvaxians en-masse for 90,000 years, these soldiers are warriors that have killed thousands of Kolvaxians each. Battle-hardened, capable of staring death in the face and making the Grim Reaper himself blink, these Technopaths follow the orders of Loputo Jidelor as he issues commands.

"Artillery, form up. I want three squads on the north, east, and western sides. Place two armored divisions in the rear. Keep your eye on that biomass forming north-east three clicks out."

Calmly and carefully, Loputo Jidelor issues commands in the same way he has for centuries. While he is not even close to the oldest Technopath present on Reaver today, he is a noble bred for leadership by the elites of Clan Symmetra. He has never faltered in the face of adversity, nor will he do so today.

Chadwick surrounds the demons on the flank opposite the Technopaths. "Rhino squad, move to the front! Clear a path! Hummers, give me aerial support. Suppress the horde amassing at three o'clock! Use your grenades! Spectres, scan for high-level targets and point them out to Lieutenant Cliff and Lady Artoria!"

Henry storms into battle, becoming momentarily frenzied as he rips a tree out of the ground and swings it in a huge arc, splattering ten Kolvaxians instantly as the ten-ton makeshift weapon kills them dead. He hefts the tree horizontally, then throws it forward to send it smashing into the horde like a bowling ball. Even more Kolvaxians get crushed under this attack, but Henry's expression falls when just as many new Plagueborn continue to crawl out of the ground and charge the army.

"Shit." Henry curses inside his helmet. "They're weak. Easy to kill. But there's so many!"

Soldiers behind Henry take aim with their rifles. They unload thousands of bullets into the swarm, killing a hundred Kolvaxians in a second, then a hundred more.

But it doesn't matter. The creatures just keep coming.

"Remember!" Chadwick shouts. "Our endgame isn't extermination. We just have to hold this area! Every Kolvaxian we kill strains the planet's core, weakening it and allowing Diablo to absorb it faster! It's only a matter of time until we win, so keep shooting but DON'T press forward!"

Chadwick's timely reminder snaps Henry out of his daze. Indeed, the objective today is _not_ to kill all the Kolvaxians. The Volgrim have informed demonkind and humanity both that this is an impossible goal. The Kolvaxians can simply call more of their horde over from any of the million-plus worlds they've taken.

As the surface of hardened steel continues to expand outward, its rate of expansion slows. The Demon Emperor who conjured it reaches his limits and collapses, allowing Yardrat to teleport him away. With his goal complete, the humans, demons, and Volgrim now have a bastion the Kolvaxians cannot 'swim' through, and thus a viable defensive platform they can hold on to.

Bullets spray outward in all directions wantonly, like the rain of a waterfall upon a desert. Humans and Technopaths mow down the Kolvaxians with ease and keep them at bay, but the corpses of those fallen creatures turn to rotted meat and pus before sinking back into the soil, ensuring that a wall of bodies will not form around the invaders.

Minutes pass. Soldiers begin to sweat as they realize that slowly, very very slowly, the Kolvaxians are beginning to gain a small amount of ground over time.

Diablo sweeps a beam of destruction from the Archdemon's mouth, atomizing countless Kolvaxians in a circle around the invading forces. This allows the humans and Volgrim to reset the losses they were taking up to that point. Even Loputo Jidelor can't help but breathe a little easier, as they continue to easily cut down any Kolvaxians that come at them.

Henry rips apart a Kolvaxian with his bare hands, causing its internal organs to splatter against his exosuit. He throws a punch at another Kolvaxian, sending its head flying like a projectile, where it batters another Kolvaxian dead.

[So many!!] Henry howls in frustration. [How long are we supposed to do this?!]

[Relax, boy.] Jepthath says. [At least you're getting a workout. If Solomon's guesses are correct, it should take less than an hour before this world falls.]

[Less than an hour?] Henry asks telepathically. [And how long has it been?]

[Eight minutes, forty-seven seconds.] Jepthath says blandly. [Endure the pain. I fought wars much more brutal than this against the bloodskins.]

[Yeah, yeah!] Henry grouches.

Every so often, Henry can't help but shoot a glance Artoria's way. Her golden hair glows as she fights, becoming slightly more luminous every time she kills a foe. Already, her blade has claimed the lives of more than three hundred Kolvaxians, their blood incapable of dirtying her clothing, let alone causing her harm.

[She's... absorbing the Kolvaxians?] Henry asks.

[Artoria is a Black Hole Construct. She is capable of enhancing her strength by devouring the life forces of her foes.] Jepthath explains, his spiritual avatar obtaining this information from Solomon and Arthur in the Hall of Heroes. [The Kolvaxians are not too strong, but their sheer quantity should bolster her strength a bit.]

The battle rages. More and more Kolvaxians die, but not a single human, Volgrim, or Demon does!

In the skies above, a thousand 4th and 5th Level Psions levitate, using a wide variety of powers to assist the others below them. Among these Psions, the majority of them are masters of Primal Psionics, using raw telekinesis at its highest form. They push and pull things around, smash down onto the planet's surface with the weight of freight trains, and rip apart Kolvaxians from the inside-out.

Among the Psions, only a couple of them possess any form of healing powers. Their abilities prevent them from materially contributing to the battle in an offensive manner, but allow them to save the lives of anyone injured as the minutes pass.

Suddenly, among the Psions, one of them, just a hair's length from stepping into the 6th Level, snaps his head toward a certain direction.

[Incoming!] The commanding Psion exclaims. [Cosmic signature inbound!]

A mile from the invasion force, one of the two Executors taken by the Plague bursts out of the soil and races into the sky. It only takes a fraction of a second for the Psions assembled to identify the attacker.

[Everyone! Executor Huron's doppelganger is here! Be on your guard. His clone is a Bottom Cosmic with a high mastery of Primal Psionics!]

Wordlessly, the elites present snap their heads toward the incoming threat.

Henry gazes toward the powerful Psionic signature as it races up into the sky, then back down toward the invasion force.

Artoria also looks at the incoming threat with an expression of interest.

Diablo turns the Archdemon's head toward Huron's clone and sneers.

"**HOW MANY TIMES WILL YOU COME, ONLY TO SUFFER A DEFEAT? MISERABLE CLONE. YOU WILL DIE TODAY LIKE YOU HAVE DIED TO ME A THOUSAND TIMES BEFORE.**"

Huron's Clone does not speak. It simply races toward the center of the invasion force while conjuring a shell of hardened psionic energy around itself.

The true fight begins.