Part 554: HUMAN SUPREMACY
Part 554: HUMAN SUPREMACY

When Phoebe steps up to the podium, her heart wavers for a moment.

Neil's twisting of reality, and his manipulation of the masses has truly gone far beyond what she could accomplish.

In her eyes, only one word describes the man seated behind her.

Shameless!

It doesn't take her much effort to deduce that Neil must have decided to marry Corporal Hurent on the spot in order to obtain political brownie points. Having spoken to Jason several times over the last several weeks, she's long known about Neil and Linda's only recently budded romance, and that the two of them haven't even been particularly serious in their courtship attempts.

They aren't enjoying some youthful whirlwind romance. They've barely even held hands!

The idea that Neil would use Linda as a political prop sickens Phoebe. She feels a momentary urge to vomit out of pure disgust, but holds that desire in, stabilizing herself to face the crowd once more.

She could call Neil out, but what would that accomplish? Many people wouldn't believe her, and even if they did, it would seem like an even cheaper political ploy than what Neil did. It would only serve to harm humanity's interests in the long run by planting seeds of distrust.

Phoebe softly sighs.

She'll have to take the high road, even if he goes low.

"Well, hello again, everyone." Phoebe says slowly. "I'd like to first offer my congratulations to Neil and Linda on their engagement. I'm pleased to see that they will be starting a family together. Neil is certainly correct that humanity needs to focus on reproducing and getting our numbers up..."

She pauses for half a beat.

"...though, I do wonder about something. How are people supposed to raise a family together if our species is on a perpetual path of making enemies, dredging up ancient hatred, and otherwise doing everything we can to foment turmoil among our non-human peers? Please take it from a mother like me; raising a family is hard enough when your living situation is unstable. And losing a child can irreparably break a piece of your soul away."

Neil maintains his smile, but inside, he feels more than a little angry by her implication. After all, he knows well the pain of losing a family, even more than she does.

"Humanity needs a bigger population. A MUCH bigger population." Phoebe continues. "A hundred times bigger would still be insignificant in the scheme of the Milky Way. The Volgrim Technopaths alone would still outnumber us a hundred to one, to say nothing of the Demons! But I disagree with this idea that humans loving non-humans is a terrible thing. Who is to say that any form of love is wrong? I would rather a man lie with another man than have them lash out and try to hurt one another! Love is always good, and we humans would do well to focus more on it!"

Some of the people in the audience raise an eyebrow. To these sorts, Phoebe's speech once again comes off as naive and idealistic.

Luckily, she immediately addresses that in her next statement.

"Of course, Neil is also right about the fact that we are in a war, and thus we cannot necessarily live perfect, quaint little lives. The Plague could attack Tarus II tomorrow, and that would be a terrible tragedy, to say the least. We must be ready and willing to battle to the death with those who would cause us harm, and that fact is not in dispute."

She crosses her arms, looking somewhat annoyed.

"You know, I've noticed a certain theme underlying all of Neil's words. He speaks of Jason rather nastily, as if my husband were a buffoon who constantly fails over and over again while failing to improve as a man, and as a leader. I take offense to this implication because in a roundabout way, it implies I am stupid for believing in him. Nothing could be further from the truth!"

"Jason has been hard at work of late. He has come up with several incredible new forms of technology, warfare tactics, and holistic improvements to our species that we haven't told you all about yet. He has been testing them for viability, and many appear to be quite promising."

Phoebe looks at various random people in the crowd, holding her gaze on each one for a second or two before moving on. This effect makes it seem as if she is looking at specific individuals, making them feel special.

"Humanity is Flawed..." Phoebe says slowly, causing the hairs to stand up on the back of Neil's neck. "That has been the case since the Archangel Uzziel first uplifted us from the DNA of our simian ancestors. From the very beginning, she placed invisible shackles on our power at the behest of Archangel Raphael..."

_Dammit!_ Neil thinks. _She waited until she had the final retort to bring out the information about the Flaw! I thought she might not even mention it publicly for fear of the news getting out! Are she and Jason truly so unafraid of our enemies knowing all of our advancements?!_

While Neil rages internally, Phoebe continues.

"The Human Flaw is a mysterious condition. Jason and I were uncertain of the effects that would occur if we cleansed it, and we didn't want to get anyone's hope's up in the event that doing so didn't work. But, I assure you, fixing Humanity's Flaw HAS resulted in an incredible benefit to our species. We're still uncovering all the after-effects, but so far the results have been nothing short of wondrous!"

...

_Inside the Changeling Bunker, hidden deep beneath the Fortress of Retribution's upper plateau._

A handful of Changelings hurriedly speak into communication devices as they watch the broadcast. One of those happens to be the Sixth-Class Settler, Informer Jin, who has taken command of the situation ever since their superior Changeling officer's disappearance. After Mephisto's attack on Tarus II, Operative Duugo disappeared, and nobody knows where they went.

Jin hurriedly collects all the information they can find about the Human Flaw as they prepare to transmit a data burst to Volgarius, synchronized with the random fluctuations in Tarus II's atmospheric static so nobody will be the wiser.

Just before Jin is ready to transmit, a female voice speaks in his head.

[Operative Jin. I have already informed the Founders of this matter.]

Jin sits up slightly in their chair. They recognize the voice as belonging to the High Psion known as Creator Demila.

_You have?_ Jin thinks, allowing their mind to be read.

[Yes. Do not risk a data burst needlessly. I am observing Tarus II from a hundred kilometers above the upper atmosphere. I have known about the Human Flaw for longer than you can imagine, as well as the Wordsmith's repairing of it some time ago. I am in talks with the Founders as to what measures we should take to mitigate the situation.]

_This one contemplates and comprehends._ Jin acknowledges, lowering their hands as they decide to go along with what Demila says. As the highest ranking Volgrim in the area, she is naturally to be deferred to on matters such as these.

[Delete that log you were going to make as well.] Demila adds. [It would be best if we do not leave any traces for the humans to find. We are not certain if and when they might uncover your base of operations.]

_A sensible plan. This one will do as you say._ Jin says, before reaching into the files and deleting Phoebe's statements about the Human Flaw.

Satisfied, Demila retracts her Psionic Sense.

She remains levitating in the Void while listening to the speech on the planet below, an expression of worry playing upon her face.

[This is a dangerous game.] Demila says to herself. [It could cost the Volgrim Empire dearly...]

The voice of Desire whispers seductively inside her mind. 

**Every gamble is dangerous, Demila dearest.** Desire says. **If you want to climb to the peak of power, you have to be willing to break a few rules. Otherwise, with your... lacking foundation... you will never achieve it.**

Demila glowers at that thought. [If I fail to ascend after paying this price, that would be truly miserable.]

...

Phoebe continues her speech, growing more excited as she speaks.

"Fixing the Human Flaw is more significant than you all know! We first discovered that it was repairable as a result of our brave men and women who don T-REX suits and protect our civilization every day. Several amazing individuals, such as Lieutenant Samuel Baker, Private Ashley McCarthy, and others have worn the Power Gloves and become capable of manipulating mana when assuming the forms of other species. It was through these transformations that we discovered they were harnessing far more magical might in their base human forms than they should have!"

Samuel Baker also listens from his seat in the audience. His eyes widen as he hears this news.

"The Flaw was, in essence, a hard limit on the height any human could ascend." Phoebe explains. "But thanks to Jason, we have released the limiters on all of our human brothers and sisters. We've been carefully observing all of you ever since we fixed your Flaws, and there are some surprising takeaways! As mentioned before, Samuel Baker can now wield the powers of a male fairy, while Ashley McCarthy can transform into a powerful Orc at will, even without the use of her Power Glove! Others are sure to gain new, previously unseen powers as time progresses!"

Private Ashley cringes inside as she hears her deepest fear become exposed. _Oh god, now every guy is going to know that I can transform into an ugly orc! I'll never get married!_

Phoebe continues to speak. "We are still not entirely certain what effects will occur to humanity now that our Flaw is gone, but we are expecting an extreme uptick in metaphysical abilities. To explain it succinctly... every human now has the potential to become uplifted to the same level of power as the Wordsmiths! You are all capable of becoming mighty Heroes!"

This time, her words have a major effect. Until this moment, nobody in the crowd quite understood the significance of fixing the Flaw.

What would it do, allow them to become fairies? Orcs?

That didn't sound particularly appealing.

Sure, they might be able to wield more power on the battlefield. But if they had to turn into a whole other species, would they even be 'human' anymore?

However, now that they realize they could climb to the same peak as the Wordsmiths, this excites them greatly!

The crowd goes wild!

Who wouldn't want to be able to conjure any phenomena they desired with a single word? Who wouldn't want to ensure their own safety in a chaotic galaxy?!

Cheers roar throughout the crowd as people stand and applaud Phoebe.

"Incredible!"

"Thank you, First Wordsmith!"

"Thank you, Miss Hiro!"

"Humanity will conquer the universe!"

Phoebe smiles at everyone, waving politely as she waits for them to calm down. Before long, the roaring crowd loses some momentum, and they return to their seats.

The atmosphere of the debate changes permanently though, as people realize the Wordsmith has not been remaining idle. If humanity were to obtain just one more powerful Hero at the level of the Wordsmiths, who knows how much further their species could be uplifted? From that perspective, healing the Flaw is a tremendous merit that could never be repaid.

"As I said before," Phoebe continues, "my husband and I expect to observe many strange metaphysical phenomena occurring as time passes. If any of you spontaneously start controlling flames, or become weirdly adept at brewing tea, or anything else that seems out of the ordinary, I would advise you to seek me out or someone else in the administrative sector. We need to document all the changes so we can find out the full extent of healing Humanity's Flaw. In the coming months, Jason and I will release a detailed report on our findings so that all humans can benefit from our research."

Phoebe pauses for a moment.

She clears her throat and assumes a much more serious expression.

"There is one last side-effect of curing the Flaw." She says. "It's only hypothesized at the moment, but we believe it may be of even greater significance than granting every human the chance to become a Hero..."

The audience falls silent. Everyone listens with rapt attention.

_What could be even crazier than becoming a Hero?!_

---

Elsewhere, on Tarus II, Belial and Rosalia hurry back to the Western Hospital atop the Upper Plateau.

Within a minute, they race into the hospital and down a hallway, where they find one of the human nurses standing beside a hospital bed, while Kiari thrashes around on it, rubbing her head and massaging her chest.

"Aargh!" Kiari cries. "Hurts! Oh devils, it hurrrts!"

"Kiari!" Belial exclaims, quickly darting to her side. "Where does it hurt?! I'm here to help!"

"Everywhere..." Kiari whines. "H-head, chest, stomach, even m-my butt! It all hurts! Feels... feels like there's a parasite eating me alive! Aaaugh!"

"A parasite?" Belial asks with a frown.

Rosalia's heart skips a beat, but she says nothing, only watching anxiously as an invisible question mark seems to coalesce above Belial's head.

"I faintly remember... didn't that one Emperor back then use parasites?" Belial mumbles to herself. "He implanted them in countless demons... but he's been dead for eons. It can't be him."

She quickly shakes her head, then returns her attention to Kiari. "Here, let me inspect you with my magic..."

Belial transmits a general purpose healing pulse into Kiari's body, greatly easing her pain.

After less than ten seconds, her eyes widen in shock.

"What! How... how is this even possible?" Belial gasps.

"Did you find the problem?" Rosalia asks, suddenly feeling nervous. "It's not some sort of a parasite... is it?"

"Well. Depending on... how you _define_ a parasite... it could be called that." Belial mutters to Rosalia.

She turns to look at Kiari, who has calmed down somewhat thanks to the pain-reducing power of Belial's magic.

"Kiari. I don't know how this is possible but... somehow..."

She pauses.

"...you've become pregnant!"

Kiari doesn't immediately react. She looks at Belial in confusion.

"What? Pregnant? No... that isn't possible. Only Broodmothers can bear children. How could I...?"

"I don't know." Belial says helplessly. "I was under the impression demonesses didn't even have wombs. Somehow, in some way... a miracle has occurred."

Kiari looks at Belial for a few seconds, and the realization dawns on her that the Emperor of Passion is telling the truth.

The impossible has happened.

Kiari's eyes turn moist. She tentatively touches her belly, a look of awe on her face.

"I'm... I'm going to be a mother?"

---

"Through our experimentation, we have made a shocking discovery." Phoebe says, continuing from before. "The human genome is _exceptionally_ powerful. It is a force of nature none of us knew could exist. The Human Flaw did not merely limit our ability to wield magic... it also limited our biology itself."

Her expression becomes focused.

"The human genome is frighteningly potent. It can overpower other genomes in ways my husband and I have only begun to discover. Our research has concluded that in the event of a cross-species mating attempt, if the human should impregnate or become impregnated by a non-human... the resulting child will have a 95% chance of being human when born."

Neil's eyes flicker with shock. This news completely catches him off-guard. Never did he imagine that the Hiros were holding back such a secret!

Revealing it now completely changes the dynamic of their debate!

"That isn't all." Phoebe continues. "As you are all aware, the human species is the shortest-lived of all Sentients. Haven't you always wondered why we humans barely make it to 100 years of age while the demons and various monster species are effectively immortal, or at least live far longer than us?"

She shakes her head.

"You might be thinking that fixing the Flaw will make our species immortal. No. It will not. But we have finally uncovered the reason for why we live such short lives. And the answer is _unbelievable._"

Phoebe pauses to build anticipation. She looks up at the sky, as if peering at the Psion hovering in the upper stratosphere, then she looks back down at her fellow humans.

"As it turns out, the human ability to assimilate in its natural form far eclipses the ability of any other Sentient species. Not just the monsters, not just the demons, but even the Volgrim too. With the flaw fixed, many of you will sudden come into possession of vastly swifter minds, bodies that can be trained at speeds far eclipsing your previous performance, and superhuman abilities we cannot even begin to comprehend!"

Phoebe stands up straighter than before, maintaining a proud posture.

"Neil was right when he said we should become fruitful and multiply our population! What he did NOT know is that we humans no longer need to stick strictly to ourselves! I imagine that soon, VERY soon, a wave of pregnant monsters and demons will begin appearing all across Tarus II! In fact, I'd bet good money many are already pregnant as I speak!"

...

The impact of Phoebe's words this time far eclipse everything she's previously said.

All across Tarus II, various succubi, various female monsters, and even a few female goblins gasp as they hear her words.

"Pregnant?" One succubi asks. "I... I've been with several human men recently! There's no way I'm pregnant, right??"

"This is great!" Another succubus chirps. "I've always been jealous of human women for getting to raise their own kids. Maybe I'll be a mother soon myself!"

A female Harpie covers her mouth with her wings as she blushes toward her human mate. "Th-that's why, for the past few days, I've been feeling..."

...

"Jason and I had a child not long after we met." Phoebe continues. "At the time, it all felt like things moved quickly, but now I know why. It's because Heroes like Jason innately lack the Human Flaw. They are powerful and effective reproducers, and soon all the men and women of our species will be like him. Repopulation will not be a problem so long as we stick together!"

Phoebe finally reaches the conclusion of her speech.

"That is why I must reject Neil's notion that humans and demons cannot intermingle. If we want to restore humanity's greatness, then our demon allies will be able to help us more than we imagined! We must stick together as one people! Humans, monsters, and demons alike! Together, we can create a better future not just for humanity, but for the entirety of the Milky Way! We can defeat the Plague, then spread love and peace across the cosmos!"

"Now, my fellow humans... who's with me?!"

Phoebe raises her fist in the air. In unison, nearly the entire theater of people join her!

Everyone rises from their seats, and a huge cheer erupts all across human-controlled space!

Not just the humans, but the monsters and demons as well! All of them feel well-represented, and as if they have not been excluded by the First Wordsmith and his wife. Unlike Neil, who seems to only spread disorder among species, Phoebe truly seems to have everyone's interests at heart, and that continues to make her more universally likable than her opponent.

As Phoebe stands in place, waiting for the crowd to finish their cheering, Neil slowly stands up. His eyelids flicker with annoyance as he realizes he has been played by the Wordsmith's Wife. Even with Hope's help, he did not realize the full extent of what fixing the Human Flaw could accomplish.

Now, he will have to change his strategy on the fly.

He approaches the podium to stand side-by-side with Phoebe, shooting her an emotionless glance that doesn't give away his inner thoughts.

"Good speech." He mutters.

"Thank you." Phoebe says, beaming a triumphant smile back at him.

The second phase of the debate will soon begin...