Part 399: Cosmic Corruption
Part 399: Cosmic Corruption

Unarin stares off quietly into the distance. His eyes gloss over slightly.

"Lucifer. The Demon Emperor of Providence."

"For hundreds of millennia, long before we Volgrim marked Earth as a planet worthy of note, we had already explored the limits of our humble galaxy. We had marked thousands of life-bearing worlds with interest."

"The species you call goblins, and fairies, and orcs, and minotaurs... these creatures did not originate on Earth, nor were they void-faring civilizations, either. Some of them, such as the fairies, might be capable of escaping their planet's gravity wells via their unique abilities, but never could they traverse the Void in any meaningful way due to lacking faster-than-light travel methods."

Unarin pauses for a moment. His eyes regain a hint of vigor.

"Imagine my surprise, then, when my people one day stumbled upon Earth. On it, there was a rich ecosystem with not one dominant species, but four, and hundreds of lesser species competing in the dark for access to the planet's riches."

"All those worlds... all those creatures incapable of traversing the void, and yet somehow, they all ended up on a single planet."

Unarin turns to Jason and smiles faintly.

"Don't you find that odd, Wordsmith?"

Jason slowly nods. "...It was Lucifer. The 'Codex' as you put it."

"Mmm. Yes." Unarin says. "It took us a while, but we managed to trace the origin of all these earth-faring species to one individual. Lucifer proclaimed herself a 'mutator' of species. She believed that she was creating new life. What she did not understand was that the 'new species' she created were in fact ones which already existed, all across the Milky Way."

"So how was she able to do that?" Jason asks. "What's the key link?"

"I was never sure of the answer to that question." Unarin says. "Not until we sat down and talked. You have opened my eyes to a certain possibility. I believe that all life in the Milky Way... all sentient species, descends from the energy of far more powerful ones."

The First Founder hesitates for several seconds, as if deliberating upon something in his mind.

Slowly, hesitantly, he stands up and walks over to the wall across from his table. He presses his palm against a seemingly ordinary section of the corridor, and it hisses open, sliding out of a seamless gap to reveal a small inner pocket.

There, the Wordsmith senses a familiar wave of magical energy, one that makes him tense up.

"What the hell...?"

Jason gets out of his chair. He walks up behind Unarin as the First Founder turns around and holds out his palm, revealing a small glowing metal stone, one that radiates emissions of mana.

"...This is Living Moldanium." Unarin says quietly. "A tiny cache of it. I keep it in the Founder's Spear to ensure I always have it available for comparison, should we stumble across more."

Jason's heart skips a beat. "This... this is Living Moldanium?! But... it feels like..."

"Why do you think the Volgrim call it _Living_ Moldanium?" Unarin asks, rhetorically. "In truth, it is not a naturally made alloy. It is a 'spiritually reactive' alloy which can only be found in the smallest and most minuscule deposits. That is because Living Moldanium is not an alloy at all."

He looks at the Wordsmith meaningfully.

"Living Moldanium is actually formed from the remains of dead dragons. It is dragon-bone condensed by natural forces."

"Dragon-bone!" Jason exclaims. "Then... the Warpgates... you made them all out of dead dragons?!"

Unarin falls silent for a short moment before slowly shaking his head.

"Living Moldanium used to be much more easily accessible. In fact, we found deposits of it on every world we stumbled across. Every world containing _life_, that is. This discovery caused us to falter on many occasions. We weren't certain what the link was."

He pauses before continuing.

"...You believed a dragon was responsible for the attack on Valhalla. Tell me straight, Wordsmith. Do you truly believe that to be the case? Do you think a Primordial monster might still live somewhere in our galaxy?"

Jason hesitates.

"Well, I... I can't say for certain. I mean... it could be... well, I might be wrong, but..."

Jason quickly consults with Fiona in his Mind Realm. Unarin remains silent when he sees Jason's eyes tilt to the side, a sign that he must be talking with Raphael and whoever else is inside his head.

The Wordsmith returns to reality a few moments later, having gone through a whole discussion at the speed of thought.

"Let's sit down." Jason says, as he turns and walks back to the table.

Unarin nods.

The two of them take their seats once again, no longer paying any attention to the chaos on the monitors. Gallax Blue's fall may as well be a distant memory to them at this point.

Unarin places the Living Moldanium on the table, allowing the Wordsmith to touch it and react to it as he likes.

"There are some... discrepancies... which I haven't told you." Jason says, his voice soft. "Since you've already gotten this far, I guess I should ask: Are you aware that a dragon lived on Earth?"

"Lived?" Unarin repeats. "Not died?"

"That's right. I'm guessing you don't know."

Unarin frowns slightly.

"We scanned the planet's deepest depths countless times. Draconic energy should have a frighteningly distinct signature, yet we never picked anything up. Curiously, we also never found a single Living Moldanium deposit on Earth. It was yet another anomaly in our investigations..."

"The story goes a little something like this..." Jason says.

For the next twenty minutes, Jason debriefs Unarin on a great many events which occurred during Earth's Ancient Era.

Unarin learns about the Imps' revolt in Heaven.

He learns of their stumbling into Leviathan's lair, and the dragon's subsequent empowering of their bodies, souls, and minds.

Jason details how Leviathan puppeteered Satan and the rest throughout the ages, then ultimately revealed his Truths to Archangel Samael.

"Archangel Samael was the one who placed down formations to hide Leviathan's energy signature?" Unarin questions. "That would explain why our best Psions and most powerful reconnaissance vessels could not locate the dragon. He was hidden too deeply."

Jason nods. "There's more..."

He then tells Unarin about what happened following Heaven's fall. Unarin learns of Raphael's deception involving the Heroic Aura. He learns of Jepthath's fall and how the Archangels orchestrated the alteration of the Heroic Aura's properties, all facts Jason later learned from Gabriel and Raphael.

Finally, Jason reaches the important part.

"...and then Satan killed the Black Witch, Amelia. After she died, Leviathan emerged from her body and permanently slew Satan. Surely you knew this part?"

Unarin shakes his head. "I did not. I only knew the Black Witch ultimately smote the Devil dead. I did not hear of the dragon's involvement."

"I only learned about this event recently, myself." Jason mutters. "Lucifer apparently showed the whole thing off to Belial during their fight."

"You seem to have skipped an important detail." Unarin says, narrowing his eyes. "How did the dragon end up inside of Amelia Greyheart?"

"I don't know." Jason answers. "Amelia and I... we aren't terribly close. She's actually with my, uh, my clone. Hope."

"You don't sound excited about that development." Unarin notes. "Jealous?"

"It's not like that." Jason quickly says. "I'm married. But... I did have strong feelings for Amelia at one point. Until she cut my throat and left me for dead."

"Mmm. The nuances of human interaction don't interest me." Unarin says, waving his hand dismissively. "But since you are telling me Leviathan is dead, surely that must mean the last dragon has perished. Yet, for some reason, you seem to believe another might be out there. What might lead you along this train of thought?"

Having already talked to the others about this, Jason can only grit his teeth and summon the willpower to partially lay bare his secret.

"...Some time back, I discovered an... ancient artifact." Jason says. "From the... Primordial Era. I found evidence that a dragon was once encased within and broke free."

"Oh? I should like to examine this 'artifact' for myself." Unarin says, a coy smile playing upon his lips. "Would you mind showing it to me?"

"I would." Jason says, his tone stoic. "Forgive me, _your eminence_, but I don't trust you. You'll just have to take my word on it."

"Ahaha. You don't trust me... and perhaps you shouldn't." Unarin chuckles. "But let us assume you are correct in your guess. Why not mention it before?"

"Because I honestly thought the dragon that escaped was Leviathan." Jason answers. "The timelines seemed to match up. I believed that Samael broke him out of the artifact and then hid him on Earth. For the longest time, I assumed Leviathan was the last living member of his species. Now I believe that I was wrong. There may be another... and if so, he is not the same as his brother."

Jason continues. "I don't know what you've learned about the dragons, Unarin. What I do know is that they were not a violent, overbearing species. They were the victims of angelkind's genocidal tendencies. They fought back against the attacks launched against them, but they did not seek vengeance. Leviathan was certainly not an unkind monster, not by any means. He was quite soft-hearted, because if he was not, he could have annihilated the angels on Earth with a wave of his claws."

"Even so," Jason concludes, "the Leviathan I observed, the one shown to me during the Ancient Era, may have only possessed half of his maximum power. Dragons split their entire power among themselves. It is likely that when Leviathan died after resurrecting Amelia, the remnants of his power traveled to his brother or sister inside the containment artifact, giving them the strength to break free. Then, they attacked Valhalla and killed the Titans."

Unarin frowns. He slowly drums his fingers on the table, while contemplating a great many things.

"Certainly possible." Unarin mutters. "But if the dragons were mostly non-violent, why attack Valhalla at all? And why stop there? Why not spread out to attack my people, or any number of other targets?"

"I have a few theories." Jason says. "First. The dragon may have broken free and found out their hated enemies were almost all dead. Perhaps the Volgrim and other sentients were as insignificant to it as gnats, but it likely still held a grudge against the Titans, who were hand-made by the angels to hunt down and kill the dragons."

"Second," Jason continues, "it's entirely possible the dragon was injured. Maybe escaping from my artifact or battling the Titans caused it serious wounds. It may have fled to go and recuperate."

"Third, maybe it just doesn't give a shit about you." Jason finishes. "You think of yourselves as a galaxy-class civilization. But maybe you're just not all that special, eh? Maybe the dragon doesn't care about a few septillion gnats."

"All of those possibilities are potentially true." Unarin says. "But there is another. Perhaps the dragon attacked the Titans to ensure they couldn't threaten him in the future. Perhaps he is not as kind-hearted as his brother, Leviathan. Perhaps he is biding his time, regaining his strength, and waiting for the chance to strike."

"Yeah. Maybe." Jason concedes. "But it's been something like ninety thousand years since Valhalla's destruction. Why wait so long?"

"Who says he is waiting?" Unarin snorts. "This Plague... there are far too many issues with it. Plagueborn possess bizarre and strange abilities. They came from seemingly nowhere. I was content to imagine a dragon might have been guiding their actions, but now you claim 'Emperor Gressil' might be involved as well. For a Demon Emperor to quietly step onto the scene and yet for me to not know, he has hidden himself well. His schemes run deep."

The First Founder's aged and insightful mind works like lightning as he pieces several possibilities together.

"Gressil might be strong, but in the end he is only a Demon Emperor. My sixth and seventh ranked Psions can annihilate him in an instant, let alone a living dragon. If there is a puppeteer involved, it would not be him. He would be that entity's agent."

"You... think Gressil might be working for the dragon?" Jason whispers. "That's a frightening thought."

Unarin's eyes twitch several times. He looks at the far wall with a distant haze obscuring his pupils.

"What frightens me the most is that I still feel as if I am overlooking something, or perhaps _someone_. Could the dragon be spreading the Plague to weaken and assimilate us? To what end? Perhaps he wishes to turn the whole galaxy into his hosts? But perhaps he may want to convert us all into something more 'digestible'? Maybe if he assimilates and devours us, his strength will reach new heights."

"But even if we assume a dragon is behind the Plague," Unarin continues, "I still hold too many unanswered questions. How does this knowledge help me? How can I put it to good use defeating the Plague? And even if I do somehow succeed in wiping the Plagueborn from existence, how am I supposed to battle a dragon? I fear even Founder Dosena won't be such a monster's match."

Jason and Unarin both fall silent.

The two men, leaders of their respective civilizations, watch in silence as countless Technopaths scream in silence and fall to the Plague's clutches on Gallax Blue. With a few more hours to go before the planet becomes fully assimilated, it will be a while before their suffering finally ends.

"Unarin." Jason says, his tone contemplative. "How do the Plagueborn arrive on worlds?"

"We don't know." Unarin answers. "They simply... appear. We've checked the records of countless fallen planets. We've scoured their video feeds, their planetary scanners, and other such things. Every time, the pattern always starts the same. A single Plagueborn climbs out of the dirt and makes its way toward the nearest population center. By the time the defenders realize it has arrived, they've lost the initiative. All the Plagueborn needs to do is infect a few dozen locals and just like that, the spread will occur unstoppably."

"It's that easy?" Jason asks, perplexed. "You've never managed to kill the first Plagueborn before it starts assimilating a world?"

"We have!" Unarin exclaims. "On at least a hundred occasions. But it doesn't matter. If you kill the first Plagueborn, a second will appear on the same world, elsewhere. And if you kill it, a third will appear. One of them is sure to succeed in their infection efforts, even if the locals immediately raise the alert level to maximum."

Jason scrunches up his face in confusion.

"You're... you're telling me... the Plague can just materialize on planets? Then what's with all the armadas and the battle-lines in space? Kind of fucking pointless, don't you think?"

"No." Unarin says, his voice quiet. "I am referring to isolated Plaguehosts. Single-host infections that bring planets to ruin. But out there in the Void, there exist hundreds of planets fully consumed by the Plague. And those planets... they have countless Psionic hosts capable of traversing the void. Our armadas exist purely to stop them."

"We used to obliterate any worlds taken by the Plague." Unarin says, closing his eyes. "It was the only way to permanently stop their advance. But Marie Becker's Neutron Bombs, while powerful, cannot be replicated rapidly. Glassing them from space won't kill the Plagueborn either, as they can hide deep underground through their unique methods. We cannot destroy every single world in existence just to stop the Plague. And if we did do that, we'd have to give up all hope of ever mounting a counter-offensive. At this point, our best chance of total victory is to discover a cure for the contagion, but all our efforts have proven fruitless."

Unarin leans back in his chair, a look of faint despair on his face.

"Ruthless. Unstoppable. Lacking morality, or virtue, or pride, or fear. Not one iota of compassion or remorse. Our enemy is inexorable. If we can't defeat them, they will continue until they have devoured the entire galaxy."

The Wordsmith examines Unarin's face for several moments. He debates internally on whether to speak of the secret he's been holding all this time.

Seeing Unarin's despair, he finally makes the choice.

"Unarin. Have you heard of... the Cosmic Realm?"

The First Founder blinks his eyes heavily. "I assume you are not referring to the Void? Not some fancy human term for it?"

"No." Jason says quietly. "It is the birthplace of the angels. Or rather... it was."

Unarin slightly frowns. "What do you mean?"

"Let me put it this way." Jason explains. "When I lived on Earth, my world was enveloped by a fourth dimension, one known as Heaven. Heaven existed by exchanging life energy with the creatures of Earth to sustain itself."

"Valhalla is similar." Jason continues. "It seems to have enveloped the world of Grimvolas, though whether fully or in part, I do not know."

"Then, you can look at the Labyrinth of Hell as a greater example. Satan constructed a realm in the fourth dimension that slowly grows over time by feeding upon the energy of its denizens. Hell is much larger now than at any point in its past. It exists at a boundary way beyond the likes of Heaven and Valhalla."

"But the Cosmic Realm..." Jason concludes. "...The Cosmic Realm is far bigger than both. It envelops the entire Milky Way. It is a realm countless times bigger than Hell. The angels were apparently created there, if Raphael's words ring true. And now I must tell you the awful truth."

"What truth?" Unarin asks, leaning forward. "Speak!"

"The Cosmic Realm..." Jason mutters. "It has been completely overtaken by the Kolvaxians... and I fear they are using it to transfer themselves between the worlds of the Milky Way. It would explain why they are able to appear out of nowhere on worlds without any warning. Worlds such as these three Gallax planets, as well as Sharmur and the rest."

Unarin's jaw hangs open.

He stares at the Wordsmith with a mixture of bewilderment and disbelief.

Not since his angry outburst has Unarin so visibly lost his composure.

"You... when were you going to tell me this?!" Unarin roars. "What is the Cosmic Realm exactly? How does it function? How does it sustain itself? How far does it reach? Can we enter it to destroy the Kolvaxians contained within?!"

Jason shakes his head. "I don't have all the answers. In fact, I hardly have any. But now, I think it is about time we brought another person to the table. I believe he will be able to answer all your questions."

Humanity's Hero holds up his right hand, revealing the plain golden band on his ring-finger.

"**Materialize.**"

A hazy image of a winged old man materializes to the side of the table. His expression grave, the Archangel of Wisdom glances at Jason, annoyed at being summoned without consulting him first. Then, he turns his head slightly to look at Unarin.

"Unarin."

"Raphael." Unarin replies, his tone curt. "It has been a while."

"In my eyes, 'twas merely a blink of the eye." Raphael murmurs. "My people died because of thee."

"They died because of your own greed." Unarin snaps back. "Always so eager to blame others. I pray you will be able to afford some insight into this Plague. Or, perhaps you'd be quite content seeing the Volgrim go extinct, just as your people did? I imagine it would give you quite a sensation of glee."

"Hmph. The death of your species shan't bring mine back." Raphael says. "But 'twould make me feel a great deal better."

"Raphael." Jason says. "I didn't bring you here to argue with the First Founder. We need your insight. I want you to tell him all you know about the Cosmic Realm. If the Volgrim fall, so too will humanity, and any further chances of reviving the angels. It's in your best interest to help us both out, you know."

"That's right." Unarin says, slyly smirking at Raphael. "Oh, the Wordsmith probably _won't_ bring the angels back, but you need that sliver of hope still, don't you? You need to believe in the chance angelkind may someday revive. Though I must question if it will even matter when all your brothers and sisters are dead. The newly created ones may be angels in name, but would you ever accept them? It is difficult to say."

"First Founder, ever thou art the conniving snake." Raphael says, more bored by Unarin's taunts than infuriated. "I have made my peace. Three of my siblings still draw breath. Thou should knoweth this truth, given our obliteration of thy pathetic fleet in the Hell Harbor system. And who knows? Perhaps I mayeth unleash such an attack again, shoulds't though continue to _test my patience_."

Unarin's smirk vanishes. In its place, a slightly befuddled expression replaces it. He averts his eyes and snorts.

"Primordial horrors. Your kind cannot die out quickly enough."

"Time passes, and the young grow up to replace the old." Raphael muses. He walks over to a chair beside Jason at the table and takes a seat. With only room for four people, the space isn't exactly large and luxurious, but it does feel somewhat intimate, with the participants forced to sit within spitting distance of one another.

"The Cosmic Realm." Raphael says, after taking his seat. "Many eons have passed since I first created that area..."