Beelzebub and Rosalia slowly walked behind Bael and Mephisto. They watched as the massive demon whispered to his undead colleague conspiratorially.

"Mephisto is an interesting Duke," Rosalia murmured. "He looks like a freaky undead monster, but he has feelings, likes and dislikes, things of that sort. I always thought he was just some creepy necrophiliac."

Beelzebub nodded and kept his voice low. "Master Agares told me a bit about each member of the Dukes and Emperors. Mephisto used to be an ordinary demon, but he was corrupted into a variant demon, and then later into a unique by Lucifer's power."

"Lucifer? Who's he?"

"She. Lucifer is the antithesis of pureblood demons. Most of us grow into purebloods, but Lucifer used her abilities to corrupt many of our people, and later the broodmothers themselves. They became aberrations, often with unusual powers. Master Agares and Mephisto were two such examples."

"Why haven't I ever heard of her, Mister Beelzebub?"

The group of four demons passed through a small crowd of people. They glanced upward, toward the Slaughterseum's entrance looming overhead.

"Lucifer died a long time ago. Agares never spoke of why or how she passed, but I sensed it was a matter that temporarily destabilized the upper ranks of the Council. It happened around the time of the Energy Wars, though I couldn't tell if she died before or after."

"Energy Wars?"

Beelzebub, realizing what he said, cursed himself silently. "Tch. Never mind. It's nothing a mere servant should concern herself with."

Rosalia asked Beelzebub another question, but his mind closed off to her. A dozen thoughts appeared in his mind all at once.

_Mephisto. The Undead King. One of the few Variant Demons to successfully morph into a Unique. I saw only a fraction of his skills during the battle against the Black Queen, but what I saw was jaw-dropping. He possesses undead legions that spring from the ground and drag their enemies to a dirt slumber. He summoned an undead dragon and nearly single-handedly slew Emperor Diablo. Unlike Bael, Mephisto is a shrewd and cunning opponent. Were it not for his greed during our match, I might have lost._ Beelzebub thought.

The bright light from the Slaughterseum poured through the doorway ahead. The screaming crowd deafened the four demons as they strode toward the field. A steel gate barred the path, and the newcomers slowed to a stop before it.

Bael pressed a button on the wall, then crossed his arms. "We gotta wait our turn. There's a match going. Look."

Beelzebub walked to Bael's side, his eyes glancing none-too surreptitiously at Bael's pouch, the one with the soul-stone.

Deciding not to make a grab for it, Beelzebub turned his attention to the arena. Half a dozen individual battles took place across the massive field. In total, the Slaughterseum held up to 300,000 demons in the stands at any given time. The ceiling rose a thousand feet into the air, with goblins crawling all over it to chisel away pieces of the Labyrinth as it tried to reform itself.

The Baron of Flames clenched his fist. _The Slaughterseum. It's the ultimate demon entertainment exhibit: An artificial pit carved into the Labyrinth, intended to give demons thrills and gambling and all manner of other perverse entertainment. It's all part of the Emperor's strategy to prevent an uprising among the lower ranks. That's what Master Agares told me._ Beelzebub thought.

His eyes jumped from one battle to the next.

In one of them, a male human and a woman stood chained together with their backs against a thick pillar. With their arms shackled together, they could do little more than wriggle and kick at the monsters encircling them.

The man screamed in terror. "Spare me! Please! Kill her! I'll work my debts off! I'll do anything!"

Three orcs rode atop hellhounds while waving their spears toward the helpless slaves threateningly. Their hounds stood slightly taller than the humans, each one with sharpened claws that could cut through steel, and fifty eyes that swiveled and moved around independently, giving the fearsome predators excellent eyesight.

"Dumb hoomun! Dishonorable for man beg for mercy!" One of the orcs stabbed his spear into the man's leg, cutting deep and shattering his thigh bone before quickly retracting his weapon. The man screamed and wailed in agony.

"Ahhh! It hurts! Please, no more! No more!!"

One of the other orcs eyed the female slave. "Woman look tasty. Why kill? Tear man-filth arms off, keep slut for fun."

"Can't. Magister order. Kill both. Feed meat to pups. They soil Ose's clothes."

"Bah! Dumb demon woman. She make us waste perfectly good virgin meat!"

The first of the three orcs slapped his hellhound's rump. "Get her!"

Beelzebub watched bemusedly as the hounds ripped and tore the screaming woman to pieces. The man followed shortly after.

"Ose sent those slaves here?"

Bael nodded. "Yup. She hates humans even more than the average demon. As for me, I like having my way with the women before tossing 'em to the dogs."

Mephisto grinned evilly. "Ossse likesss to give her ssslavesss a sssenssse of hope. Ssshe sssaysss ssshe will ssset them free, only to inssstead execute them. Ssshe likesss watching them ssscream in anguisssh."

"Interesting. Personally, I wouldn't waste the effort on a filthy insect. Kill the rat on the spot. Why bother with giving them hope or whatever?"

Bael grunted. "Dunno. Ose knows more about humans than any other demon. She probably has her reasons."

"Oh?"

"Yup. She studied at their, uh... their... what were those things called again?"

Mephisto answered Bael's question. "Collegesss."

"Right. Those things. Yeah, Ose did a bunch of studying and learned about fleshbag brains or whatever. Most in the Council consider her the smartest demon."

Beelzebub crossed his arms. "Then why didn't you make her an Emperor sooner?"

"Didn't need to. Humans were under control until recently." Bael's eyes hardened. "Until that filthy Hero showed up. Damn. I hate Heroes."

Rosalia blinked. "It sounds like you've had some bad experiences, Mister Bael, sir."

"If only you knew," Bael muttered. His eyes lowered to the ground for a moment. "I remember when Agares and Lucifer fought the Hero-King. I was surprised they came back in one piece, but they barely made it out alive."

Beelzebub replied, "You mean Arthur? The one you fought on Polaris?"

"Yeah. Him. I remember when we found out he died. It was like a nonstop party in the Demon Dens for a hundred years after. Then the bastard had to come back after all this time. Nearly killed Diablo."

Mephisto shrank slightly. "Oopsss."

"I don't blame you. You did what you had to. Considering that Word-shit kid destroyed the planet, it's probably better we got outta town. Diablo would've died for real."

Beelzebub returned his gaze to the battles outside. In one of them, three big orcs surrounded a Hellhound, holding only thick wooden sticks and nets as they tried to wrangle the massive animal. The hound leaped around deftly and dodged their pointed branches. Only once it learned their movement patterns did it suddenly lunge forward and attack.

A slight stumble by one of the orcs led to his demise. The fifty-eyed monster pounced at him and slashed his chest with its claws. Dozens of pounds of bone, blood, and tissue went flying as the animal nearly tore the orc in half. However, the orc's death allowed his allies to dive toward the hound and hurl their net over the beast, twisting the net around its legs to trip it up. With a quick motion, the orcs twined the rope around and tied it off, leaving the wolf to chomp futilely at anyone in range.

"Not bad," Beelzebub muttered. "I heard it takes five orcs to catch a Hellhound. Most of the time, as many as three or four of them will die. This lot must be skilled."

Bael nodded. "Leadership challenge. You don't see it often. Three of the biggest, meanest orcs get together to take on a Hellhound. It takes balls to try it, so even if one or two of 'em dies, they're honored by their clan. Fun to watch."

Several minutes passed — one by one, all six of the battles in the Slaughterseum ended. Eventually, the field cleared. Beelzebub watched in silence, a growing suspicion in the back of his mind. "Why aren't more battles starting?"

"I reserved the whole arena for this occasion." Bael smiled innocently. "I mean, it ain't often we get a new Duke."

Beelzebub glared daggers at his older peer. "There's something you're not telling me. You promoted Ose directly to Emperor. I'd expect her to receive a giant ceremony before little old me."

"Oh, she'll get a fancy ceremony, too," Bael promised. "But yours is... a little different."

"Bael. Jussst tell him."

A moment passed. The gate began to rise.

"Nah. He'll find out soon enough." Bael turned to Rosalia. "You should get in the stands, cutie."

She blushed and nodded. "O-okay!"

However, her expression darkened as she realized his implication.

The demons entered the Arena, and Rosalia split off to climb the stairs up into the stands. Beelzebub glanced back to see the patrons from the gambling den following them. The various monsters and demons walked behind Rosalia, plunking down here and there in the stands.

"Planning on a show?" Beelzebub asked.

The gate they passed through slammed shut.

"Something like that," Bael replied.

Trodding across the dirt, Beelzebub glanced at the ceiling above. Hundreds of torches stayed lit thanks to the tireless efforts of the goblins, along with the torches lining the walls and spectator stands. The room was stunningly bright, as though there was a sun directly overhead on a midsummer's day.

Beelzebub's eyes adjusted. The two Dukes and newly risen Baron strode into the center of the arena, the former two positioning themselves directly opposite their junior.

"Alright, pup. I admire your patience. You've stayed with me up to now. So this is the final test. If you wanna back out, this is your last chance."

Bael pulled the soul-stone from his pocket and tossed it to Beelzebub.

"If you swallow that stone, you'll consume the souls inside and mutate into a Duke. But... there's one thing you should know."

Beelzebub resisted the urge to immediately pop it into his mouth. "Yes?"

"You'll have to fight Mephisto and me. We gotta test ya to see if you're the right guy for the job."

Beelzebub sighed. "Haah... Two against one? You don't play fair. How am I supposed to beat two Dukes at the same time?"

Mephisto chuckled. "Keh keh keh... mossst amusssing. You misssunderssstand, Beelzebub. You can't win againssst usss. Your job isss to sssurvive for thirty minutesss."

Everything clicked in Beelzebub's mind.

_Asking me to show up was a test of my resolve. The Sticks and Bones game was meant to test my judgment skills. And this battle... it's going to test my combat capabilities._ Beelzebub thought.

Beelzebub popped the soulstone into his mouth. "How many people have ever passed this test?"

Bael smirked. "None."

"Ksss. You're the firssst perssson to _take_ the tessst," Mephisto clarified.

Beelzebub scowled at Bael as he swallowed the soulstone. "You're a real piece of skarn-dropping, Bael."

The Duke of Pain smiled widely but didn't respond.

A moment later, millions of lightning bolts exploded in Beelzebub's stomach as the pill took effect.

The Baron of Flames doubled over and clutched his gut. His head shook. His body spasmed. He fell to the ground, writhing as a million daggers pierced him from every direction.

_DAMN YOU BAEL! YOU SAID THIS WOULD FEEL LIKE ECSTASY! YOU FUCKING LIAR!_ Beelzebub screamed internally.

Bael chuckled. "Ooh, that looks like it hurts."

Mephisto shook his head. "Your sssadisssm knowsss no limitsss."

"Fuck off. Pain'll make the brat tougher."

............................................

The pain transformed into a roaring fire in Beelzebub's stomach. A short eternity passed as he wavered in and out of consciousness.

Not even a minute after taking the pill, Beelzebub leaped to his feet. A soothing feeling sprouted in his stomach. Bael and Mephisto watched as flames began burning his skin and seared his clothes to ash. The crowd gawked at the now-naked demon, while Rosalia leaned forward intently. Drool spilled from her mouth.

The fire grew more intense. Soon, it became a roaring blaze, engulfing Beelzebub's whole body in an infernal shroud.

Beelzebub held his hand up and stared at it.

_This power awakening inside me is primeval, primordial. This is unlike anything I've felt in my life. It's almost as if-_ Beelzebub thought.

Bael lunged forward, laughing haughtily. "Bahaha! Time starts now, boy!"

His fist smashed Beelzebub's chest with astounding force, sending the arisen Duke flying backward. The instant Beelzebub struck the ground, zombie arms burst out and grabbed his limbs, violently yanking him into the dirt.

The newly crowned Duke winced at his shattered ribcage. A moment later, he realized that he didn't feel any pain at all.

Beelzebub's shattered ribcage healed in less than a second when his enhanced Phoenix Physiology worked its magic. He spotted Bael leaping at him, and wriggled, trying to free himself. It was only when Big Bonk came swinging down that Beelzebub's instincts took over.

Barely conscious of what powers he'd awakened, Beelzebub's eyes began to glow. A second before Bael's mace impacted him, Beelzebub blasted a concentrated stream of fire from his eyes, knocking Bael away and making the Duke drop his flail. Big Bonk struck the ground only a few dozen feet away, making the arena shudder.

Beelzebub inhaled and unleashed fire from every pore in his body. The expansion of heat fried the zombies holding him down to ash, and he jumped into the air, igniting flames from his soles to fly nearly a hundred feet into the air.

The crowd cheered and whooped excitedly. Rosalia screamed, "Kick their butts, Mister Beelzebub! I believe in you!!"

Beelzebub looked around, scanning the battlefield. _Mephisto's gone. He must be hiding underground. His undead should be little more than a nuisance. It's Bael I have to watch out for. He hits like a Hydra._ Beelzebub thought.

Bael clutched his chest where Beelzebub shot him. "Aaaaaoooh! The pain! Gaaahhhh!"

Beelzebub flew a little lower. "Maybe I was wrong. It's hard to believe that hurt you."

Bael's pained grimace vanished. "You're still an imp when it comes to the art of deception."

The Duke of Pain rolled over into a reverse-crab-walking position, revealing his undamaged chest. He smashed both arms and legs into the ground below him, pouncing at the unsuspecting Beelzebub. The newly crowned Duke yelped in surprise and tried to dodge, but Bael's movements were lightning-fast. Without much effort, he ripped Beelzebub's arm off, soared past the youngster, and landed next to his flail with a _whump_.

Beelzebub clutched his arm, but once again, he didn't feel any pain.

Bael spun around, flail in hand. "Hah! Gotch'err arm, idiot! Now you're in for a world of..."

Beelzebub sprouted a new arm in less than two seconds, causing Bael's taunts to falter.

"Heh, would you look at that? My regeneration is even more potent than before." Beelzebub glanced at the arm in Bael's grasp. "Enjoy the souvenir. I've just tapped into one of my newest powers."

Bael glared at the kid. "Regeneration, huh? When'd you get that? Ain't seen a demon with an ability like that since..."

"Since Satan? I've heard a lot of demons comparing him to me lately." Beelzebub held a hand up. "Say, have you ever played Hot Potato, Bael?"

Bael spat on the ground. "Pteh! Potatoes? Sounds like shitty human food."

Beelzebub targeted the arm in Bael's grasp with his mind. "Not quite."

He snapped his fingers.

A moment later, the arm in Bael's grasp began to shake violently. Bael stared at it dumbly. "What the hell? Why's this thing-"

**BOOOOM**!

The arm exploded with the force of a small bomb. Bael flew backward, bounding and careening across the arena until he crashed into a wall. The impact left a crater ten feet deep in its wake.

The audience went silent, then applauded excitedly. Beelzebub grinned as he stared at the result of his self-detonation.

Suddenly, a voice spoke from right behind Beelzebub.

"You forgot about me," Mephisto whispered.

Beelzebub whirled around in midair just in time to see the aetherial duke plunge a spirit knife into his back, smiling the whole time.

Nothing happened.

Mephisto's wicked grin faded. He stared at the knife in confusion. "What?! I usssed my Pain Inducement! You ssshould be in agony!"

Beelzebub swatted at the knife, but his hand passed through it. "Oh. That. I believe one of my new powers is pain immunity. Your skullduggery won't get you far with me."

Mephisto floated away from Beelzebub. Only the screams of goblins above gave the young demon any warning. A moment later, one thousand ghouls fell from the ceiling onto Beelzebub, pulling him from the sky and hammering him into the arena floor below. Dirt exploded outward from the force of dozens of tons of flesh and bone.

Beelzebub blinked as the ghouls viciously tore his body apart. Still, he felt no pain.

_You want a taste of me? Enjoy._ Beelzebub thought.

Summoning the energy from his body, he called upon his newly realized power of Nuclear Manipulation to agitate the cells in his torn-off limbs.

One of the ghouls raised its head in confusion as its stomach began to inflate.

The crowd stared at the mass of flesh piled atop the new Duke. Rosalia covered her mouth and tears welled up in her eyes. "Oh no... Mister Beelzebub..."

A light like staring directly into the sun erupted from the pile of ghouls, blinding the audience for a moment. Beelzebub's torn-off body parts exploded like a hundred tactical warheads, blasting apart the undead atop him and spraying their flesh across the arena. The spectators leaned back and covered their faces as black blood and flesh rained down on them, coating their bodies in a foul, fetid stench.

Rosalia ignored the ghoul innards all over her and jumped to her feet, whooping and hollering ecstatically. "Yeahhhh! Whooo! Get 'em! Get 'em!!"

Beelzebub rose, purging the disgusting innards from his body with his Flame Cloak.

Having already recovered from Beelzebub's surprise a minute before, Bael brushed ghoul blood off his chest. "Well, spawn of a Broodmother. Ain't you just the toughest gobby-fucker I've ever seen?"

Mephisto floated over to Bael. "Beelzebub regeneratesss from any wound. Not only that, but hisss body isss a living bomb."

"Yeah, I noticed." Bael shook a slight stinging pain out of his right hand. "His exploding arm tickled me. Burned real good."

Beelzebub strode over with a huge smile stretched across his face. "Oh, dear, are you okay? I hope I didn't _hurt_ you."

"Tch." Bael ground his teeth together. "I've felt real pain once before. Barbatos made sure of that."

The Duke of Pain grabbed the stick-end of his flail and yanked hard. Big Bonk lurched off the ground and flew across the hundred-foot gap and sailed into his outstretched palm. Bael caught it effortlessly, acting as if the spiked-weapon were little more than a softball to him.

Beelzebub noticed for the first time that Bael appeared smaller than before. _No. That isn't it. Mephisto looks shorter, too. It's me. I've grown in size. I must be over seven-feet tall, now._ Beelzebub thought.

He sneered. _Neither Bael nor Mephisto can hurt me. I'll burn the hordes of undead off my body and tank anything the big guy throws at me. It'll be a cinch. I've never felt more confident in my life._ Beelzebub thought.

Mephisto glowered at Bael. "I have a sssolution. We ssshouldn't be humiliated by thisss upssstart."

Bael itched his ass. "Hope you've got an idea. I dunno if pounding his body into mulch will work this time."

"Keep Beelzebub busssy," Mephisto whispered.

The Duke of Mist floated underground, while Beelzebub activated his foot-thrusters to fly into the air. He pulled out his fingers and shaped them like a gun, then rapidly fired his Heat Bullets at the Duke of Pain below.

Bael stared silently as the bullets _piffed_ against his body and fizzled into nothingness. "I probably didn't tell you this before, kid, but I'm your worst matchup. Ya see, I'm immune to fire."

Beelzebub stopped shooting. "I'm immune to simple idiots punching me over and over."

"Bit of a stalemate we've got, then. Hehehe. Why not fly down here so we can talk this over like gentlemen?"

Slowly, Beelzebub lowered his palm to his waist. A fire-whip formed in his grasp. "How about... no?"

Beelzebub's eyes jerked to a torch about twenty feet behind Bael. A moment later, he vanished.

Bael stared at the spot where Beelzebub was levitating only an instant before. "Wha-? Where'd that little imp-porker go?"

"Behind you."

Beelzebub lashed his whip out and struck Bael's back with his solar whip. It instantly cut through Bael's thick hide, boiling the blood underneath and leaving a horrible, blackened scar.

"Gwaaah!" Bael jumped away and grabbed his back. Blood trickled from the gash. "Cheh! You startled me!"

Beelzebub cocked his head. "You don't have the power of regeneration, do you? You're a physical fighter. If I cut you to pieces, you won't heal."

Bael snarled. "Go ahead and try. The burn feels nice. Only a little pansy-ass fears pain. Besides, I got blood that clots real easy."

Beelzebub lashed his whip out again, and it sliced a gash across Bael's chest. The Duke didn't flinch. "Uh oh, the pup isn't paying attention."

The ground shook under Beelzebub. The young Duke jumped into the air and started to fly away, but he was too slow. A massive undead hand exploded from the dirt, reached up, and grabbed his whole body.

"What?!" Beelzebub gasped.

A hundred-foot-tall undead monster climbed out of the ground. It made no noise as it squeezed Beelzebub with all its strength.

_Crack. Pop._

Beelzebub's bones and innards snapped under the strength contained within the monster's grip. However, not once did Beelzebub feel any pain.

Beelzebub activated his Heat Vision and blasted the giant monster's thumb, but his fire didn't affect it. Every second, his bones popped and snapped some more as the creature squeezed him like a vice.

"Huh. Didn't expect that," Bael murmured. "What is that thing?"

"A Brute." Mephisto emerged from underground, noticeably tired. "It is elementally resssissstant. I had to consssume a hundred Ghoulsss to mutate it. It will die in two minutesss. Crusssh the boy while we can."

"Hell yeah!"

Bael leaped up to the giant's shoulder, and the crowd watched silently, everyone wondering who would win in this engagement.

Beelzebub strained his head around, but he didn't feel anything as the silent behemoth ground his body into pulp. _What should I do? My heat vision doesn't work. Should I fire-port away? Can't. I'm pinned. I'll have to detonate my body._ Beelzebub thought.

Before Beelzebub could agitate his cells once again, Bael arrived on the Brute's shoulder and swung Big Bonk down. "Special delivery!"

Beelzebub watched helplessly as the flail flew at him. Before he could activate his Heat Vision to knock it aside, the flail met its target, crushing Beelzebub's skull and ripping the Brute's hand off. The flail careened toward the arena floor below, carrying Beelzebub's body along with it. When Beelzebub's body, the flail, and the Brute's hand hit the dirt, his mind went blank.

............................................

"Shit. You passed. What the _hell_, man."

Bael stood over Beelzebub's body as the younger demon awakened.

"Huh? What happened?"

He blinked and looked around. The spectator stands were noticeably emptier. About half as many monsters and demons stood around, uninterested in the final result.

"Mister Beelzebub!" Rosalia flopped to the ground, bringing her hideous face within inches of his. "Omigosh! I thought you died! Are you okay? Does it hurt anywhere?"

"No. No, it doesn't." Beelzebub rubbed his eyes, then stared at his naked body. "The last thing I remember was Bael's flail hitting me."

The body of the Brute rested motionless not far away, its body slowly dissolving into ash.

Mephisto walked up behind Beelzebub. "Bael sssmassshed and pounded you, over and over. No matter how many timesss he crussshed your body, it regenerated. I've never ssseen such incredible recovery powersss in all my yearsss."

Beelzebub pulled himself to his feet. "What does this mean? Did I win?"

Bael shrugged. "Dunno. I'm tired of punching puddles of blood, though. Cripes. You're fuckin' unkillable, kid. I wouldn't say ya won, but'cha didn't lose. Either way... you lasted thirty minutes, so, welcome to the ranks of the Dukes."

Bael patted Beelzebub on the back, sending the younger one stumbling forward a foot or two before he recovered himself. Beelzebub rubbed the spot where Bael smacked him. "My... my sense of touch is gone. It isn't pain I'm immune to, but touch all over my body."

Only now did Beelzebub notice the sickening sensation he'd been ignoring during the fight. _That's why my movements were so sluggish. I couldn't feel the subtle shifting of wind on my back, nor could I sense when Mephisto slipped his dagger into my gut._ Beelzebub thought.

Rosalia touched Beelzebub's arm, something he'd normally yell at her about. However, this time, he didn't notice at all. "Are you sure, Mister Beelzebub? Can you feel this?"

"Feel what?" He looked at Rosalia, then spotted her hand. For once, he didn't yell at her or tell her to stop touching him. "No. I can't."

"Ksss. Unfortunate." Mephisto shook his head. "You ssspent all that effort trying to become a Duke, only to lossse sssomething preciousss to you. Remindsss me of myssself."

Beelzebub blinked. "It does?"

"Yup," Bael said, jumping in. "Most of the time, when a demon evolves into a Duke, they lose something important. A piece of themselves."

"Oh? Did you lose anything?"

Bael glowered at him. "Nothin' you need ta know about."

"Fine." Beelzebub yawned. "I'm exhausted. Any more tests? I'd like to take a nap."

Bael shook his head. "Naw. But uh... you won't be returnin' to your den. Mephisto. Gimme the thing."

Beelzebub and Rosalia watched quizzically as the Duke of Mist reached into his cloak and procured a small envelope. When he pulled it away from himself, the object became corporeal, allowing Bael to grab it.

"The old man wanted you to have this. That is, assuming you ever reached the rank of Duke." Bael handed the envelope to Beelzebub. "You ain't just moving to Hell Harbor, kid. You get Agares' estate. I'd congratulate you, but, given he died and all..."

Beelzebub nodded to Rosalia. "Take the note. I don't want to burn it accidentally. I can't control my powers yet."

She nodded and accepted the note from Bael.

"Alright." Beelzebub yawned mightily. "Hell Harbor, then? When do we leave?"

Bael stared Beelzebub down. "Now. I've already talked to folks. Everything's waitin' for ya, whelp."

A sensation of satisfaction spread through Beelzebub's body. "You expected me to pass the test?"

"I hoped ya would. I wasn't gonna take it easy on ya, though, just 'cause I owed the old man a favor or two. Anyway, shut up. We're boring the arena folks."

The four demons laughed and walked away, Beelzebub occasionally staring at the note in Rosalia's hand.

_I wonder what it says,_ he thought to himself.

The Arena door slammed shut behind them, and Bael raised an eyebrow. "Say, now that you're a Duke, what'cha gonna call yourself?"

Beelzebub stared ahead silently for a long minute as he contemplated the question.

"I will be... the Duke of... Inferno. Yes. The Duke of Inferno."

Rosalia clapped excitedly. "I love it, Mister Beelzebub! You're the greatest demon ever!"
