Part 381: The Psionic Laws
Part 381: The Psionic Laws

As the Hatoraxia lifts off Tarus II's surface, Jason and his soldiers stand idly for ten or so minutes, watching out a nearby window while their homeworld fades into the distance. Even Jason, a man who has gone to space many times in the past six years, feels a sinking sensation in his stomach as the distance between him and Phoebe lengthens.

_Hopefully I won't be gone too long._ Jason thinks.

He turns to look at all of the soldiers behind him, then subtly clears his throat.

All of his men, as well as Emperor Serena, reach behind their heads and press a button on a device concealed beneath their skin. These gadgets, a countermeasure made by Phoebe, create mental interference in their thoughts and memories, with the intent of making it difficult or impossible for Psions to extract the knowledge of anyone in Jason's party.

Of course, the Psions might be able to hack the devices, hence why Blinker added tiny formations to them with magical effects that will cause any hacker to throw up their hands in defeat. Without a solid background in technology and magic, nobody should be able to rip into Jason's thoughts or intrude in secret. At least, not in theory.

Once the Hatoraxia clears the gravity wells of Tarus II and its moons, Sangin Kordonis descends from the Bridge, along with Invocator Miikil, to greet their guests.

"Humanity's delegates." Kordonis says, as his heavy titanium legs clank against the metal decks. "We have a two-week journey ahead of us as we travel to Volgarius. Why don't you join me in the leisure hall? I will have someone prepare appropriate sustenance for your species."

"That's fine." Jason says, as he and the others begin following Kordonis out of the entry bay. "How far is Volgarius from here? And can we reach it faster?"

"Volgarius is roughly 12,000 light-cycles from our position." Kordonis explains. "Tarus's star system is located in the southern region of the Milky Way, while Volgarius is located within the south-eastern region, somewhat close to the Galactic Core. The Hatoraxia can only travel at Warp 7 safely, while Warp 8 will breach its safe operating limits."

At this point, Invocator Miikil speaks up. [Regarding your former homeworld of Earth, it is located within the south-western region.]

"Allow me to introduce my peer." Kordonis says, after walking into the Leisure Hall. "Invocator Miikil is a young Psion of the 5th Tier. Her powers are neither extraordinary nor sub-par. She is a talented individual who will surely someday rise to great heights."

[Captain Kordonis flatters me.] Miikil transmits telepathically. [I am neither talented nor impressive compared to any other Psion. Countless peers of mine who are younger and swifter of mind have already reached the 6th Tier.]

"She exaggerates. Invocator Miikil is one of the fastest to reach the 5th Tier of power in the past 100,000 cycles. Few can compare to her, especially given she is not a Specialist, but a Generalist."

Kordonis gestures to a simple steel table with comfortable but basic chairs arranged around it. He plods to the opposite side and takes a seat, along with Miikil, while the humans, monsters, and Emperor Serena sit opposite them.

Jason and the rest take their seats. The Wordsmith smiles cordially at Kordonis. "Forgive me, but I'm a little ignorant of Psion ranks. I don't follow what all these different 'tiers' mean."

[It is only natural a mud-dwell- ah, it is only natural a non-Volgrim like you would not understand the intricacies of our wartime capabilities and systems of measurement.] Miikil says, displaying the proud and haughty air of a young Psion elite. Still, she corrects herself after almost uttering a casual slur toward the ship's respected guests.

"This knowledge cannot be considered confidential or classified information." Kordonis says, shooting a quick glance at his subordinate to remind her to be polite. "Psions are masters of telekinesis. Their ability to use psionic powers will typically increase with time, practice, and understanding. Unlike demons, their powers are not limited to a handful of abilities, but can increase infinitely and without limit, so long as they are capable enough to grasp the highest laws of Psionics."

He continues. "There are nine tiers of psionic potential. Within these tiers, there are also smaller grades, though most Psions do not bother speaking about them. Two 3rd Tier Psions can have significantly different fighting capabilities based on the knowledge they've comprehended. The older and wiser a Psion is, the more progress they are likely to have made."

"Nine tiers." Jason repeats. "Since Miikil is a 5th Tier, she should be right in the middle of the pack?"

The Wordsmith's eyes light up with interest. His knowledge of Volgrim society is shallow, far too shallow, to the extent he really cannot grasp just how much power they control. How can he ever hope to break their chokehold on the Milky Way if he does not know the limits of their strength?

At the same time, Kordonis and Miikil recognize the Wordsmith's ambitions. Even so, they know in their hearts that the Five Founders, and in particular the Second Founder, are invincible existences. No matter how much the Wordsmith barks, he cannot ever think of truly defeating Volgrimkind. If he does, he will fall to the Kolvaxians. And if he defeats the Kolvaxians, the Volgrim will be free to turn their full military might upon him and humanity, returning them back to their primitive origins.

Kordonis subtly shakes his head. _He's so pitiful. The Wordsmith dreams of ascending to glory, but he is a tiny fish in a great ocean. He can never defeat the monsters swimming around him, no matter how he struggles. A minuscule existence._

"While the 5th Tier may be the middle of the nine tiers, it is far from middling in power." Kordonis explains. "Let me tell you what the differences are in the tiers so you can... better grasp the power Volgrimkind harnesses, which will also inform you on the power the Kolvaxians control."

Kordonis launches into an explanation of each tier without waiting for Jason's reply.

"All Psions start out in the 1st Tier, Initiator! There are many titles a Psion can earn. Among them are military titles and civilian titles. From the moment they are spawned, every Psion possesses a minimum level of psionic potential. Even the weakest and most infirm can levitate small objects around themselves. At the peak of the first tier, Psions can fling objects with great strength and lift as much as a ton of mass, even with great difficulty."

"At the 2nd Tier, a Psion's power increases significantly. Being able to lift multiple tons is just one aspect of their development. Harnessing the power of Primal Psionics at a basic level is required for all 1st Tier Psions, but the 2nd Tier is where they can begin branching out into different fields of Psionics."

Jason holds up his palm. "Primal Psionics? Other fields of psionics?"

Miikil interjects. [Primal Psionics is the most elementary branch of psionic power, one involving raw telekinetic power. Lifting and tearing the physical realm. Levitating oneself. Flight. All Psions possess at least a basic knowledge of Primal Psionics, for it is the foundation upon which all Psionic abilities are built. At the highest levels, Primal Psions can crush planets, compress tens of tons of matter into marble-sized beads, and tear apart their opponents with raw telekinetic strength.]

She continues. [As for the other branches of Psionics, they are too numerous to mention in great detail. Body Enhancers focus on mastering their physical forms. By harnessing their psionic potential, they can increase their thinking speed, their strength, and their bodily durability. At the highest echelons, even Capital-Class Starship Cannons will only be capable of inflicting light injuries upon them.]

"There are also Energy Manipulators, Liquid Manipulators, Spatial Psions, Temporal Psions, and many other branches." Kordonis explains. "At the 2nd Tier, most Psions will begin building upon their foundational knowledge to learn what branches of Psionics they are best suited to learn. Miikil, for instance, is a Gaseous and Liquid Invocator, with smaller achievements in several other branches. When it comes to her mastery of fire and lightning, or space and time, her abilities are not much to speak of."

[In a cloud of toxic or corrosive fumes, I am within my element.] Miikil states with absolute confidence. [I can transform a simple body of water into a weapon capable of threatening Harbinger-Class starships. I can even break down hardened exosteel into its elementary particles, deteriorating the atomic bonds between this ship's deckplates.]

Jason nods slowly. "How much stronger are you, a 5th Tier Psion, compared to a 2nd Tier?"

"I will continue with my previous explanation." Kordonis says. "At the 3rd Tier, most Psions have already begun to master their chosen ability types. The first four tiers of Psionic Power are considered not too impressive in the Volgrim Empire. They are only allowed to work as civilians, researchers, or other low-level administrative assistants. In Miikil's case, she was assigned to study hostile worlds with toxic fumes for the sake of future potential expansion efforts, on behalf of the Founders."

[Things change for us Psions when we achieve the 5th Tier.] Miikil says, once again feeling a certain level of smug pride at showing off to the pitiful mud-dwellers. [The 1st and 2nd Tiers are for low level world construction Psions. They use their abilities to directly assist the Founders in building new settlements. The 3rd Tier is where most Psions become capable of flattening weaker indigenous populations. The 4th Tier is where most Psions will become the heads of their own small little worlds, or will begin to receive classified tasks of the civilian rank. While 4th Tier Psions can certainly battle and defeat most Demon Dukes, they are still not a match for Demon Emperors.]

Miikil flicks her eyes in Emperor Serena's direction, but the blind woman stares blankly into the distance, as if this conversation has nothing to do with her.

[The 5th Tier is a demarcation point. It is the level where Psions become far, far more powerful than any mere indigenous population.]

Emperor Serena slowly blinks. "That's right. Jason, you were not around for the Energy Wars, so you may not be aware. Of the Psions who attacked Earth, ninety-nine percent of them were of the 5th Tier. Only a small minority were of the 6th Tier, and not once did any higher tiered Psions bother showing up. Even so... they were more than capable of flattening our militaries."

Lieutenant Samuel frowns. "Wait, hold up a minute. You're telling me... Earth was only some kind of... whetstone? It was just a place where you guys sent your grunts to temper themselves?!"

Miikil tilts her chin up haughtily. [That is correct. Earth was never the slightest threat to the glory of the Volgrim Empire. Humanity's mightiest weapons were no more alarming to us than... the toy guns one of your children might play with.]

Kordonis shoots a glance at Miikil, then frowns.

"There is no need to act antagonistically toward our guests, junior. I am sure the Wordsmith is wise enough to roughly fathom Volgrimkind's superior might."

[Of course.] Miikil 'apologizes.' [I spoke too flippantly. Please forgive my crude mannerisms.]

Despite the two Volgrim's 'contrite' attitudes, Jason easily deduces that this is merely another method they use to brag and lord their power over the feeble mud-dwellers.

However, he doesn't bother with chastising or correcting them. In his heart of hearts, he begins to feel a certain amount of suppression and wariness toward their Empire.

_Even if the Volgrim are exaggerating a bit, it can't be by too much. Serena stated that they never even bothered dispatching 7th, 8th, or 9th Tier Psions during the Energy Wars. If so, that means we really were only facing their basic armies. Not even their elites!_

His thoughts turn grim.

_Even if the Volgrim are being suppressed by the Kolvaxians, their military might is unfathomable! I honestly don't know how I would hold up against an 8th or 9th Tier Psion._

As if sensing Jason's thoughts, Kordonis chuckles. "The higher the rank in Psionics, the fewer the number of Psions that exist. To date, only a few thousand 7th Tier Psions walk the mortal realm, and only six 8th Tier Psions."

Kordonis states these 'small' numbers of planet-destroyer and galaxy-level threats as if they were a weakness, but his words only serve to make everyone on Jason's side of the table feel even more stifled.

_Humanity couldn't beat a fraction of Volgrimkind's 7th Tier Psions during the Energy Wars, and even if we did, there are still half a dozen 8th Tier Psions above them!_

However, as he thinks these things, Miikil sighs deeply, exhaling through her nostrils.

[Of course... even among Psions, there is only a single 9th Tier member of our species. The revered Second Founder, Dosena. She is an invincible existence. Among Psions, she is our goddess. Profaning her name will bring forth a calamity upon anyone who dares to do so. Even the other Founders would never dare to speak ill of her. Among the entirety of Volgrimkind, if there is a reverse-scale one must never touch, it is insulting the Highest Psion.]

Hearing the deep respect in Miikil's voice, Jason presses his teeth together.

"How... how powerful is the Second Founder, exactly?"

"Nobody knows." Kordonis states, his tone distant. "The last time she fought in a serious battle was during the Seven Great Wars of myth. Nobody on this ship was alive back then. None of us are qualified to know the details. All we know is what was taught to us during our upbringing. Under the combined assault of thirty Sentinels, Founder Dosena fought for a hundred rotational cycles straight, allowing Founder Unarin to activate the Gatekeeper Protocol. In that era, there were five other 9th Tier Psions. All of them fell in that battle, leaving her as the lone survivor."

"I've heard about your Great Wars." Jason says, recalling Unarin's broadcast, which Marie Becker secretly gave him. "I'm not entirely sure what a Sentinel is, but I understand it's some sort of killer robot."

"Details of the past are murky, locked within the minds of the survivors." Kordonis says. "Even if I did know, I would not tell you without permission from the Founders, as our history is considered classified knowledge. Details about the Sentinels are difficult to come by."

[The Seven Great Wars were devastating to the ranks of Psion-kind.] Miikil states. [We once had six 9th Tier Psions leading our people. Now, we have only one. While this is true, one fact is for certain... Founder Dosena was more powerful than all five of her peers combined. After all these millions of years, she has likely reached a level none can fathom. There are even rumors she may someday touch upon the 10th Tier.]

"I don't understand." Jason says. "Why not raise some of the 8th Tier Psions to the 9th? Why is Dosena the only one to reach the 9th after all this time?"

[I am not qualified to know the matters of high-level Psions.] Miikil states, shaking her head. [If I had to hazard a guess, I would assume it is due to flaws within the foundations of our current 8th Tier Psions. To advance in a tier, one must possess knowledge and power befitting its standard classifications. There are many methods of advancing, but the requirements become far stricter at the highest levels.]

[For example, to become a 2nd Tier Psion, one can opt to have two masteries that reach the second level of Psionics. However, this would mean one must have three levels of mastery for the 3rd Tier, or four levels for the 4th Tier. In my case, I possess only two masteries of the fifth level, with those being Liquid and Gaseous Manipulation. This is far from enough to qualify me as a 5th Tier Psion, but I also amassed significant accolades to earn myself a promotion, and my mastery of several other fields has reached a moderate to acceptable range. In truth, my potential is likely capped at the 7th Tier, but I may reach the 8th with plenty of time and hard work.]

"So... that means you will never reach the 9th Tier?" Jason asks.

[Indeed.] Miikil answers, lowering her head in shame. [The same is true of countless other aspiring Psions. Not only must one work diligently to understand and comprehend the Psionic Laws, but they must temper their bodies and minds, while not neglecting their fundamentals. If one is half-hearted in their efforts, they may reach the 5th or 6th Tier, yet fail to progress any further for the rest of eternity.]

"That's too bad." Jason says, though his expression betrays his exact opposite thoughts. After all, having the Volgrim advance slowly is certainly better than having them advance quickly.

Jason turns his attention away from the topic of Psions.

"Thank you for informing me about these matters of which I was unaware. At least now, I'll sound like less of an oaf when I talk to the Founders."

"It is a small matter." Kordonis replies, waving his finger-tendrils casually. "In fact, Founder Unarin gave me strict commands to ensure I debriefed you on our illustrious Empire. Since you are from a backwater world and lacking in knowledge, it is only appropriate for me to inform you of the basics, the low-level knowledge all Volgrim already know."

Jason's eye twitches. "Yeah. Thanks... a lot."

As the Wordsmith and his comrades continue conversing with the Volgrim delegates, the Hatoraxia jumps to Warp 7. Nobody even notices the faint shift in the air as the ship smoothly enters Hyperspace.

"So, you're a Technopath." Jason says to Kordonis. "Can you tell me anything about your species? Sub-species, rather. I know you have clans or whatever, but that's about the extent of my knowledge."

Kordonis nods. "My full name is Sangin Kordonis. I hail from Clan Oblong. Perhaps you may know of my clan's leader, Sangin Lidra."

Jason's eye twitches a second time as he recalls his encounter inside Marie Becker's underground facility, when the Volgrim inspection team arrived. "I... know of her."

"The many Technopath clans possess subtle differences a rimworlder like you will not easily notice." Kordonis explains. "But the biggest difference comes in each clan's distinct design philosophy."

"Design philosophy?" Jason repeats. "Like how you build things?"

"Correct." Kordonis nods. "Take this starship we currently reside upon. The VLL Hatoraxia is a standard-issue Assault and Stealth Frigate-Class vessel for Oblong's captains. Unlike our direct competitor, Clan Symmetra, we Oblongers prefer to design simple and basic ships and weapons that work well for the lowest cost. We do not add flashy decorations or adornments. We do not attempt to turn our ships into sleek predators of war."

"Why not?" Jason asks, visibly confused. "Don't you want your ships to look good? Presentation is quite useful, since it can perform a variety of purposes."

"Everything has a cost!" Kordonis declares, his voice filling with righteous indignation. "Unlike those foolish Symmetrians, we Oblongers do not waste the Empire's valuable and limited resources. Our ships are tough, durable, and functional. Their square and boxy exteriors may appear unimpressive, but they are much easier to repair. We do not outfit our ships and technology with individualized components, but instead attempt to build them from standardized parts as much as possible."

"Further," Kordonis continues, "Clan Symmetra goes to great lengths to ensure their ships are symmetrically designed, as their clan name would imply. If there is a crew quarter on one side of the ship, there will be another on the opposite side. This is a foolish way to design technology! Those ignorant bastards actually put their ship reactors right in the central nexus, a place where if a catastrophe were to occur, the entire ship would detonate and kill all its loyal Volgrim soldiers. Such irresponsible behavior is why we must never stop until we have brought their design philosophy to ruin!"

Kordonis's passionate and unexpected outburst takes Jason and the others by surprise. Seeing the fervor in his eyes, Jason realizes this previously placid and somewhat milquetoast captain isn't as calm and steady as he appears. He, too, holds certain ideals close to his heart, and will fight to uphold them, even if they seem a little silly to others.

"Mmm. I value practicality myself!" Lieutenant Samuel says, chuckling under his breath. "You don't need weapons to look fancy. You need them to kill! What good is a pretty-looking ship if it ends up weaker than its opponent? You should maximize crew safety and efficiency, not idle, vapid bullshit."

Kordonis turns to evaluate Jason's subordinate with a gleam of happiness in his eyes. "Precisely! That is exactly the sort of thought a wise man should have. What is your name? I will make sure you receive excellent treatment while you are aboard my vessel."

"It's Samuel." The man answers. "No need to treat me any differently from the others. I'm just here to do my job."

"Excellent. Most excellent!" Kordonis laughs. He turns his attention back to Jason. "It is always good to meet a mud-dweller who knows their head from their feet! You have brought along a most excellent subordinate, Wordsmith."

Jason stifles the urge to roll his eyes.

"Gee. Thanks, Kordonis."