Part 721: Second Chances
Part 721: Second Chances

_Far-Future Era. Day 21, AJR. Inside the Hall of Heroes._

A few weeks passed after Levi's commencement ceremony. Things returned to normal, relatively speaking, except now Blake found himself spending more time with Psymin Miralax than he ever had in the past.

It wasn't constant. Maybe an hour every day or so. But they talked about various things. He learned a little more about her, and she learned a little more about him. One thing remained constant though; Psymin never went into any great detail about her ancient history. She didn't discuss the Great Wars of the Volgrim's past eras, and she didn't discuss what life was like for her in her youth.

Mainly, they talked about their passions. Psymin deeply enjoyed creating technology, to the point it seemed if she ever lost her ability to do so, she would probably end her own life. Blake wasn't much of a tech guy, but he knew a bit and wanted to at least try and learn to connect more deeply with Psymin. He found that using his light and dark magic, he could even summon crude technological devices, so long as they were extremely simple. They would only maintain cohesion so long as he focused, and would disappear afterward.

Sometimes, Blake wished he could upgrade his brain so he could learn more things and think better. Then he would be able to relate to Psymin better, and use his powers more adeptly.

It was on a random Wednesday in the Hall of Heroes when Blake found himself sitting in the central garden. He wasn't doing much. Merely staring at a pond full of fish, watching them as they swam, lost in nostalgic memories of his childhood.

That was when someone spoke, interrupting his thoughts and shaking him from his stupor.

"Lad. What's on your mind?"

Blake blinked. He lifted his gaze and looked to the left, where he saw Arthur sitting down on a rock not far from him. Arthur wore a comfortable white shirt with brown pants and some simple sandals. He didn't look much like a Hero King, but he still had the bearing of a mystical powerhouse.

"Oh. Hi, Arthur." Blake said, faintly smiling. "Not much. I was just thinking... about my mom and dad."

His smile lacked any warmth. It was merely for appearances, and even by that standard, it seemed quite hollow.

"Solomon too." Blake added after a moment. "And Jeremiah. We've lost a lot of people. I... don't know how to deal with it all. It hurts to think about."

Arthur nodded. His eyes lowered to the grassy, flower-covered ground.

"When Sentients die, if their souls are are somehow captured, they can revive one more time. Sometimes as an undead, sometimes as a heroic phantasm, or perhaps by using the methods the Volgrim do. But if their souls aren't captured at all, they go to the great Beyond, where they pass through the membrane of reality and can never be recovered. It is the final resting place for all souls. And if they revive once, they can never revive again."

A strand of grass found its way into Blake's grasp. He casually wound it around his finger, then unwound it, then rewound it again.

"So we can't bring Solomon or Jeremiah back?" Blake asked.

"No." Arthur said simply. "And their fates were... worse than simply dying. Like humans who ended up devoured by demons, they did not pass on to the Great Beyond. They were completely shattered and... consumed by your father."

"I'm sorry." Blake said quietly.

"Don't be. I don't blame you for your father's actions. Neither do any of the other Heroes. Your father went mad. His actions were a sin of the highest order. I don't know what broke his mind and made him go to such lengths, but if I must blame anyone, then I blame myself. I control the power of the strongest artifact. I could have rebelled and perhaps prevented Solomon and Jeremiah's deaths. But I didn't..."

Arthur leaned forward. He rested his elbows on his knees and clasped his hands together while heavily bowing his head. He didn't look at Blake at all.

"I should have seen it coming." Arthur repeated. "But I didn't. I never do. Not in life, nor in death. That is why I am the Greatest Sinner."

"That's... an unfortunate title." Blake said, looking at the side profile of Arthur's face. "You don't need to demean yourself like that."

"Oh, but I do." Arthur said, chuckling derisively. "My sins are too many to count. Did I ever tell you the manner in which I died?"

Arthur lifted his head slightly to glance at Blake's eyes. The young man slowly shook his head in response.

"No..."

"Then I'll spare you the details." Arthur said softly, looking back down at the ground in shame. "But, in summary... the demons assassinated someone close to me. Someone precious who I loved from the bottom of my heart. I... I went insane with rage. My vision turned red, and I immediately took off without thinking."

Arthur paused. His voice became a little raspy.

"I attacked... attacked a city to the west of Camelot. My advisors had told me a few weeks prior that the town was sympathetic to the demons and they suspected multiple Emperors were being harbored there in secret. Blind with rage, I used the full power of Excalibur and annihilated the entire area. I destroyed everything. Everyone. I smashed buildings to pieces. Cut women and children apart like I was a butcher. Slaughtered fathers and brothers, mothers and daughters. I unleashed my divine magic, thinking I was seeing demonic possession in the eyes of everyone around me. By the time I had finished, three hundred thousand were eradicated from the face of the Earth."

Arthur chuckled bitterly. "And that wasn't even the worst part. It turned out the demons had deceived me. Those intelligence reports were planted by a bad actor. The city was fiercely loyal to my cause. The demons had tricked me into killing my own subjects!"

Blake's expression fell. He had never heard this part of history before, and he imagined in his head how horrified and devastated he would have felt if he had done such a thing himself.

"How could I go on after what I had done?" Arthur asked, his question wistful and without answers. "So I sought my own destruction. I looked for a certain individual who I knew would be powerful enough to kill me, but would not be a demon. To say there weren't many of them that existed would be an understatement."

Arthur lifted his head and met Blake's gaze. His grim smile hurt to look at.

"That person was... your mother. Amelia Greyheart. More specifically, the original Amelia. Your mother's true name was Annette, and her 'Amelia' identity was implanted by your father at her request. Anyway. I fought her for a long time, and the Black Witch eventually killed me. I asked her to devour me, take over my essence, and turn me into a weapon against the demons. But... haha. She defied my request, even in death."

"The next thing I knew, I woke up inside Excalibur, and fifteen years had passed." Arthur said, his tone mirthless. "I only learned some years ago that Amelia Greyheart had devoured my body, but not my soul. She deliberately let me go. That much I'm confident of."

"I never knew any of this." Blake said quietly.

"I don't talk about the past much." Arthur replied. He shrugged. "There's no point. It all happened 100,000 years ago. These days, I just seek to impart what little meaningless words of 'wisdom' I can to the new generations. Not that there's much of that to go around. A sinner like me is better off keeping his mouth shut."

Arthur chuckled. "The other Heroes hate your father for what he did to Solomon and Jeremiah. But what do you think, Blake? Do you think his sin is worse than mine? What's worse? Depriving humanity of two dead ghosts, or exterminating hundreds of thousands of living, breathing brothers and sisters? I think the answer is clear."

"They're both bad." Blake said, his tone firmer than even he expected. "Taking a life is bad, no matter what. I believe that sometimes it's necessary. I would never rejoice over doing such a thing. Taking pleasure in death is the real sin. If you feel regret, if you vow never to do it again, and if you work to uplift others in the future, I believe you can redeem yourself."

"Redeem myself?" Arthur questioned. "What value is there in that? I don't deserve redemption. No amount of good I do will ever bring those innocents back."

Blake frowned. He sat up a little straighter. "You're right, Arthur. You can't bring them back. What you did, and what my father did, were objectively acts of evil. Whether you were deceived, or whether you wanted to kill that city full of people probably seems irrelevant, because they still ended up dead."

Blake continued. "But intent does matter. Dad told me that back on Ancient Earth, they had 'courts' that punished people based on their intent. Accidentally killing someone isn't the same thing as killing someone in a fit of rage, and that isn't the same as premeditated murder. So even if 'dead is dead' is true, the circumstances leading up to the deaths matter."

"And here's the most important thing." Blake concluded. "As long as you're alive, or, well, half alive I suppose, you can change who you are and perform positive actions. Saving 300,000 lives won't undo the lives you ended, and neither will saving a million or a billion lives. But that doesn't mean it doesn't matter! Redemption isn't necessarily about absolving you of your past sins. It's about taking something bad and using it to do good. Just look at Beelzebub! If you think you're a sinner, then what is he?! That bastard killed a million humans, and now he's on our side, doing everything he can to right his past wrongs."

Blake leaned forward. "Are you going to honestly tell me you're a worse sinner than _Beelzebub_?"

Arthur listened to Blake's words. He stared off into the distance for a long while, thinking and mulling over what the kid had said.

"When did you... become so smart?" Arthur eventually asked.

"I'm not smart at all." Blake retorted, leaning back again. "I just think everyone deserves a second chance. That's why I want those Volgrim to go free. That's why I want you and Beelzebub to forgive yourselves. And my dad... if he were here."

The young man's expression became solemn. Arthur sensed the depression in Blake's eyes, but he didn't know how to alleviate his pain.

"...Arthur?" Blake said, his voice quiet. "Is my dad... really gone? He was a Hero, right? Couldn't he revive inside an artifact like you and the other Heroes?"

"Under normal circumstances, I would say yes." Arthur answered. "But... the Lazarus Tower retrieved human souls, and when it was destroyed, your father's soul would have been destroyed as well."

"But that's not right!" Blake exclaimed. "Uncle Jason would have ended up inside the tower too, but he revived despite the tower's destruction!"

"Jason's circumstances were... different." Arthur said, his tone gentle. "It was the Phoenix that brought him back because of her link to him. Your father had no such link."

"Dad once told me that Heroes could revive inside artifacts." Blake doggedly repeated. "Right? So, wouldn't my dad's artifact have a higher... priority? A higher priority than the Tower? Or maybe if the Tower was blown up, he would go to his artifact afterward instead of the Great Beyond?"

"That might be true if your father had an artifact specially designed for him, such as by Archangel Camael." Arthur said. "Did he?"

"...No." Blake replied, his voice becoming quiet. He lowered his gaze, and tears welled up in his eyes. "But... but I thought... Heroes always attached themselves to their most treasured..."

"Heroes can attach themselves to any object when they die, even something as mundane as a spoon." Arthur said. "But the Tower has a stronger 'attraction force' than a mundane item like that. It would have to be a truly special artifact to have a greater pull than the tower. And besides... if your father had revived, we would have known by now. Think of how much time has passed."

Blake felt worse and worse every second. The more they continued on this line of dialogue, the more he wished he hadn't brought it up. The situation was truly unfixable.

"Dad was so _powerful_ though." Blake mumbled, completely disheartened. "It's only been a few days in Realspace. Just because years have passed inside the Hall, that doesn't mean anything!"

"The revival times for Heroes do vary." Arthur admitted. "Stronger Heroes take longer to revive. Weaker ones often revive immediately within an artifact. If a strong Hero expends much of their energy before dying, or if they die in a manner most brutal, the time needed to revive can be lengthened greatly."

"It took you fifteen years to revive." Blake pointed out. "My dad was a pretty powerful Hero, right? And he fought a huge battle with Uncle Jason. So... isn't it possible he could...?"

Arthur sighed. He didn't want to disappoint the young man, but neither did he want to stomp on his feelings.

"It's... possible." Arthur reluctantly said. "But it's a far shot at best. It would only be possible if your father had deliberately or accidentally tied his Existence to a powerful enough artifact that it would have overridden the Tower's soul-saving function."

Arthur looked at Blake meaningfully. "Think carefully. Did your father have anything like that? An item he treasured deeply?"

Blake fell silent. He thought for a long time, but eventually...

"...Excalibur?" Blake asked. "He carried it around a lot."

"Excalibur is _my_ artifact. I still reside within it." Arthur said pointedly. "Heroes who die cannot end up inside the artifact of another Hero."

"Wait!" Blake exclaimed. "What about Solomon's Crown? I mean, since Solomon died, it's available right? And, um... my father... well, he did wear it a lot. Plus, Solomon was..."

Blake trailed off. He didn't want to say it out loud, but in his heart, he wondered if devouring Solomon might have attached his father to the Crown.

"That possibility is... unlikely." Arthur said, shaking his head. "Even if a Hero's remnant soul perishes from an artifact, other Heroes have never ended up inside one."

"But you don't know that for sure." Blake pointed out. "Just because it hasn't happened in the past doesn't mean it can't happen in the future!"

Arthur shook his head. At this point, the boy was grasping for straws. There was no way to get through to him with logic.

"I am truly sorry, Blake." Arthur said. "Your father and your mother... it is not something any child should have to endure. I wish every day that they would come back for your sake, but increasingly..."

Blake's shoulders slumped in defeat. His expression became haggard. "I just don't get it. My dad was one thing, but my mom too? Why her? We don't even know what happened. She was here, and then she... wasn't. It's like she just disappeared into thin air. Did a secret assassin sneak into the Hall of Heroes? If so, why target her? Why _her_?? If she teleported out, why wasn't there a record? Like, just... why?!"

"I wish I had the answers." Arthur said. The Hero-King got up and walked over, taking a seat beside Blake. He wrapped his arm around Blake's back and squeezed his far shoulder to try and comfort him. "This universe is a terrible one. Awful things happen every day. Murder, rape, torture, you name it. Our enemies are everywhere, always looking to do harm unto us. And then, sometimes, it isn't even an enemy that brings forth pain, but the random chaos of the universe itself. A 'random act of god', they call it. As if God were the sort to do such a thing. I don't know. Maybe he is."

"I'm sure Moses and Aaron would have choice words if they heard you saying such blasphemy." Blake muttered, barely managing a joke. He tried to lighten the mood, but his heart was as heavy as an anvil. "I'm sorry I'm such a downer, Arthur. I wish I could be strong like Levi."

"You are strong." Arthur reassured him. "You have a kind heart, but also a decisive one. Few young men your age could elucidate their philosophies so convincingly. You know, Jason wanted to bring about peace and forgiveness too, but he was much softer than you. Too soft. That's why his actions kept backfiring. He lacked a spine. He didn't draw lines in the sand, and his enemies walked all over him. You, on the other hand, clearly want to give the Volgrim a second chance, but _only_ a second chance. Jason would never have stipulated that failing him a second time would result in their extermination, because he lacked the conviction you possess now. In my eyes, you're already a fine Hero compared to the Wordsmith in his youth."

"Uncle Jason did change his views later on." Blake pointed out.

"Certainly, but by then, it was too late." Arthur gently retorted. "The damage had already been done. Lives were lost that could never be recovered."

That gave Blake something to think about. He thoughtfully looked off into the distance, where he saw some birds frolicking in a pond, splashing water on their wings to clean themselves.

Blake was still young. 21 years old technically made him an adult, but he was uncertain about who he was, who he wanted to be, and what he could achieve. That uncertainty held him back and made him cautious, fearing that he might make a mistake that could hurt other people.

He was young, but he also possessed metaphysical powers that made him feel as if a great responsibility hung upon his shoulders.

"Hey, Arthur?" Blake said.

"What is it?" Arthur asked.

Blake paused.

"I want... to go back to Realspace. I want to help people out. I feel like I've trained enough with my powers, and I want to use them to do good. Do you think that would be okay?"

Arthur chuckled. "You're a man now. You don't need my permission. When I was your age, I had already ascended to the throne of Camelot five years earlier. As far as I'm concerned, you are plenty ready to be making your own decisions. Just talk to Levi and let him know what you're planning to do."

Blake smiled sheepishly. "Yeah... that's a good point. I'll do that then."

"But," Arthur interjected, "while you may think you've mastered your powers, I believe you still have a lot to learn. It's been a few months since we trained together. What do you say about joining me in the Queenie? I have a new technique I'd like to teach you."

"Sure thing!" Blake said, cheering up noticeably. "I'm gonna go eat first. Let's meet there in an hour?"

"I'll be waiting." Arthur vowed.

Blake got up from the rock, then strolled out of the central park toward the food hall. As he walked, he thought about what Arthur had told him.

"You know what?" Blake said to himself. "I should put on Solomon's Crown. I want to learn more. I don't have to head to Realspace just yet. I bet if I do some practicing while wearing the Crown, I'll be able to expand my mind. Maybe I can finally increase my Mind's Eye and create more realistic projections. I might also be able to make myself smart enough I can properly hold a conversation with Psymin. That would be fun!"

Blake sometimes talked to himself. That's just how he was. Talking to himself out loud wasn't intentional, and he often cringed when he realized he'd just spoken in front of someone else. They always gave him a weird look, and it made him want to crawl into a hole and die.

"Oh well. Everyone has their quirks." Blake muttered.

As Blake headed down one of the Hall of Heroes' many brightly lit corridors, he suddenly flinched and paused mid-step, then took a step backward.

"Who's there?" Blake asked.

For the briefest of instants, he thought he saw a shadowy figure hiding in the hallway up ahead. But, like a trick of the light, it vanished, unseen.

"Hello?" Blake asked. "Is anyone there?"

He narrowed his eyes. Reaching out with his powers, he sensed the area around him. He didn't detect anything... or _anyone_. But that only made him more suspicious.

Blake started walking again. He rounded the corner, but he didn't see any other shadows sneaking in the distance up ahead.

"Must be seeing things..." Blake said, his eye twitching.