Beelzebub yanked the front door open, releasing a small amount of his frustration on its wooden frame. Unfortunately, the dark-skinned human woman on the other side didn't anticipate his actions. She got yanked inward and crashed into the Duke of Inferno, knocked him over, and landed on top of him.

Rosalia jumped out of the way. "Oh my gosh! Are you alright, Mister Beelzebub?"

The woman shook wooziness from her head and climbed off Beelzebub, then patted dust from her white dress. Her deep aquamarine eyes lasered onto the Duke, and she snapped at him. "What sort of barbarian barges through a door without checking to see if there's someone on the other side? Did you need to pull it with such force?"

Beelzebub jumped to his feet. He barely registered the woman's poofy dress sleeves or the white bow in her hair. "Vermin. Mind your tongue. You're the one who was lollygagging and holding onto the handle like your life depended on it. Gah! Now my suit is filthy!"

The woman stared at him, her eyes widening every second. "I beg your pardon? I don't care if you're a demon or not, that's no way to speak to another person! Who are you? What's your name?"

Beelzebub smirked. "You damned sow. You're a thick one! Rosalia already said my name. You're speaking to none other than the new master of this estate! Show some respect, or I'll burn out your tongue."

Rosalia whipped her head back and forth from Beelzebub to the human woman. _Oh dear, this is escalating quickly. One minute we were touring the building to let Mister Beelzebub blow off some steam, and now he's thinking of torturing a woman. His mood changes on a dime!_ Rosalia thought.

"You're our new master?" The woman flipped her long, pink hair back. "Humpf. I heard we were bringing in a tiny little Baron, but you're even more pathetic than I expected. You must be overcompensating for something with all that bottled up rage."

"Baron? I'm a Duke!" Beelzebub puffed up his chest, rose to his full height, and towered two feet over her. "You're speaking to Beelzebub, Duke of Inferno, and right now, I'm debating whether I should sear your bones to ash."

The woman rested her hands on her hips. "I'm _sorry,_ did someone put poison in your milk this morning? You whine like a baby. Anyway, if you know what's good for you, you'll think twice about laying a hand on my beautiful skin."

Beelzebub set his jaw. Two small flames ignited in each palm. "I'm the master here. As such, I can do whatever I please to slaves. A little pain might knock some humility into you."

The woman didn't back down. "My father is Benjamin Brown, the head steward. I'm his second-born daughter. If you hurt me, let alone kill me, a thousand years of torment await you, foolish little demon."

Embers smoldered in Beelzebub's eyes. "I've had quite enough of your insults. Words don't work on your type."

He raised his hand and aimed his palm at the woman. She flinched slightly. "You wouldn't."

"Apologize," Beelzebub said. A tone of warning appeared in his voice. "And make it count. I'm in quite a terrible mood right now. I want to see some groveling."

The fire began to burn hotter in his hand. She took a step back. "I'd… I'd sooner die. You're nothing to me."

"Oh? You'd prefer to die, hmm? _That can be arranged._"

Rosalia cried out in alarm. "Mister Beelzebub! Don't lose your temper!"

The Duke ignored Rosalia. An instant later, he sent a ball of fire at the woman. It flew past her head and slammed onto the floor outside, shaking the door from the force of its explosion.

She stared at him in shock for a moment, but her adrenaline quickly wore off. "I-I knew you wouldn't do it. Even you have enough sense to fear my father."

"I hit my target," Beelzebub said with a smirk. "Say, what's that dreadful odor?"

The woman gasped. The stench of burning hair began to fill the air. She dropped into a crouch and swatted at her hair quickly. "No, no! Stop! Put it out!!"

Rosalia ignored Beelzebub and stepped toward the woman, quickly putting out her blazing hair. "Mister Beelzebub, you need to stop! Picking on some human woman isn't-"

"Shut up!" Beelzebub snarled. "I don't intend to kill her, but some humiliation will put this harlot in her place."

Beelzebub shoved Rosalia aside and grabbed the woman by her hair. "Aaaiee! Let me go! What the hell is wrong with you?!"

Beelzebub licked his lips. "I'll start by burning all your clothes off. Then I'll put some marks on your face that makeup can't hide. After that, perhaps some permanent mutilation is in order. I hope you weren't planning to use your arms in the future."

Her eyes widened. "You're sick! Perverted!"

"BEELZEBUB!" A voice roared from across the room, making the Duke flinch. Beelzebub turned his head back and raised an eyebrow when he saw Benjamin Brown standing in the hallway. "Take your hands off Lily!"

Beelzebub didn't release her. "Shut up, old man. Go back to your dinner. I'm done talking with the likes of you."

Benjamin looked at his daughter for only a moment. Then he returned his gaze to Beelzebub. "I'm tired of your piss-poor attitude, Duke of Inferno. The way Master Agares spoke of you, I expected an inexperienced demon who would light a path for others to follow. All I see now is some worthless punk who preys on the weak and defenseless."

Beelzebub smiled. He hurled Lily to the ground, bashing her head against the tiled floor in the process. "Perhaps I should pick on someone my own size, like you? Hahahaha."

Bael and Mephisto emerged from behind Benjamin. The big demon smacked his lips loudly and stuffed another chicken leg in his face. "Whoa, you gunna fight him, miffter Brown? You're a little old to be tusslin', ain'tcha?"

The bald man took ten steps toward Beelzebub and stopped twenty feet away. He cracked his neck. "It's good that I'm rusty. I wouldn't want to break this buffoon in half too quickly."

Beelzebub's grin widened. "Hahaha! Do you intend to fight me? I'm fine with that, little rat. You and the rest of the humans here seem to think you're the meanest part of the hellhound. How about I knock all of you down a few pegs?"

Ben reached up and pulled his tuxedo top off, then flicked it to the side. He didn't say a word.

Suddenly, Beelzebub went flying to the side. He hit the wall with enough force to break his arm. Whatever hit him moved too fast for his eyes to follow.

Rosalia gasped. "Sweet devils!"

Beelzebub shook delirious fog from his head. Something grabbed him by the back of his suit's neck and flung him across the room opposite the entrance. While flying, he barely caught sight of Benjamin Brown's face. The Duke smashed into a statue of Agares and broke several more bones, along with a chunk of the statue's base.

He breathed for a moment and healed his body before clambering to his feet. "What are you, an enhanced human?"

Bael chuckled. "Oh, this is gonna be good."

Beelzebub's eyes darted toward the blur of movement rushing at his face. He didn't bother to dodge. Benjamin piledrove the Duke's head with enough force to shatter concrete, sending Beelzebub skidding across the floor.

"H-hit him, daddy!" Lily's voice echoed through the room. "Make that little shithead pay!" Ben's daughter howled excitedly and pumped her fist.

Rosalia took a step back. "Hey. Watch your mouth, fleshbag. Mister Beelzebub might have acted poorly, but you're at fault too."

"Stuff it, fatso." Lily shot a look of disdain at the demon girl. "It doesn't surprise me that you're hanging around with that sourpuss. A lardass like you is probably the best he could get."

"W-what?" Rosalia's face whitened. "Th-that's horrible. You're horrible! Beelzebub was right!"

Rosalia's eyes flew open. She jumped at Lily and started hitting her. "Stupid bitch! You think you're so pretty, with your fancy clothes and hair! I'll tear your fucking eyes out!"

Lily and Rosalia launched into a catfight, with the human desperately fighting the demon off while the demon ripped and tore at her clothes.

However, Beelzebub ignored them entirely. He yawned audibly after healing his body again. "Was that a punch? I didn't feel it at all. Got anything stronger?"

Ben rubbed his fist. "Every time I hit you, it's like punching a sack of wet potatoes. I'm guessing you regenerate your body passively. Pain suppression, too."

"Good guess," Beelzebub quipped. "I'm glad we're becoming such fast friends."

Benjamin pressed his foot into the ground and leaped forward, moving with the speed of a cheetah. This time, Beelzebub dodged, and Ben's fist smashed through a wall and rattled dirt loose from the ceiling above. When he pulled back, he rubbed his hand. "Are you getting serious, now?"

Beelzebub's eyes traveled from Benjamin's face to his fist. His skin was chunked off, and something caught the Duke of Inferno's eye. "Your fist. It's made of metal?"

"I told you… I'm not like the other humans you've slain and tortured in the Labyrinth. You haven't any clue how scary humans can be, nor the heights we once reached. My metallic endoskeleton is a daily reminder of the lengths humanity will go in their quest for domination."

"Endoskeleton?" Beelzebub rubbed his chin. "Explain."

"Nah. I let my fists do the talking."

Ben raised his hand to his eye. Beelzebub's stomach quivered as the human pressed his eyeball and pulled his finger away. His iris shifted color to red, and a targeting laser emitted, pointing directly at Beelzebub's chest.

"If you want to be the Master of this house, you'll have to beat me first, _boy_."

Beelzebub took a step back and raised his right hand, then formed it into the shape of a gun. "_Bang._"

A bullet of fire shot out and struck Benjamin directly in the face. The man gasped involuntarily and staggered backward, but immediately righted himself. His skin melted away, revealing more metal on his skull beneath.

Bael shivered. "Oooh. There it is. 'Member the supersoldiers, Mephisto?"

The Duke of Mist tittered to himself. "Keh keh keh. Vanguardsss. Not many humansss ssurvived the bionic attachment processs. Only Missster Brown could ssship the rejection medicine."

Bael smiled, and a look of admiration appeared in his eyes. "Maybe after he finishes with Beelzebub, Ben'll go a round with me."

"Perhapsss."

Beelzebub fired more heat bullets at Ben, but the cyborg ducked and dodged each one as his targeting sensors adapted to the Duke's firing patterns. He pivoted left and right, then leaped at Beelzebub, batting away the demon's hand with a violent slap.

Ben stabbed his hand forward and jammed it into Beelzebub's chest. He evaluated the Duke's body for all of two seconds, then tore the Duke's heart out and jumped away.

Beelzebub stumbled for a second, then flopped to the ground. He didn't say anything for a moment, but eventually picked himself up once his heart regenerated. "Great. Now there's a big, bloody hole in my suit."

The human stared at Beelzebub's heart in his hand. "I knew your regeneration was rapid, but that didn't take five seconds. I always thought Satan had the fastest time to full restoration, but you're well above his level."

"Thanks," Beelzebub replied. "By the way, I don't usually apologize, but I'm sorry."

Ben raised his head to scrutinize Beelzebub's face. "About what?"

A moment later, his attention jerked back to the heart as it began to vibrate. Ben caught Beelzebub off-guard by flinging the beating organ at the Duke. It exploded in Beelzebub's face, blasted him backward, and knocked him on his ass.

"Interesting. Your cells ignited an endothermic reaction. It appears you can manipulate the weak nuclear force. No, the strong nuclear force. Both? Either way, your powers are quite varied. Fire manipulation, nuclear manipulation, and an incredible self-regeneration factor."

Beelzebub lay on the ground for several seconds before hopping to his feet. "Correct. Bael and Mephisto were forced to give up, even after they 'defeated' me. It's impossible to defeat my healing factor."

"Nothing is impossible. Demonic powers come from spiritual energy. The lower your energy, the weaker your powers, and the lower your regeneration. You're not as invincible as you think."

Ben changed his stance. He bent at the knees and aimed his palm at Beelzebub. "I have a pretty good idea of your abilities, now."

"Going to put me in my place, are you?"

The old man didn't reply. Instead, he lunged at Beelzebub and kicked his foot into the floor, sending chunks of tiling at the demon. Beelzebub didn't flinch, but instead anticipated Ben's movement, dodging a grab at his neck a moment later.

"Your movements seemed fast at first," Beelzebub said, "but I can see through them."

"To see through my attacks, you would have to be enlightened. Sadly, you are ignorant… about a great many things."

Ben hopped backward and took a sword from a weapon rack against the wall, then readied himself to strike.

Beelzebub covered his mouth in a mock display of surprise. "Oh no. An antiquated weapon. Hack all you like. You haven't the stamina to beat me."

The cyborg jumped forward with incredible speed, and Beelzebub watched the sword, waiting for Ben to chop downward. Instead, Ben stabbed it at the Duke's foot, making Beelzebub jerk his leg back. Before Beelzebub could regain his footing, Ben grabbed the demon's neck and lifted him over his head, then slammed him against the floor, shaking the chamber.

"Perhaps you're right, young one. I don't have as much vitality as I did in my youth, but _you_ do."

Beelzebub tugged and pulled at the metal hand gripping his throat, but Ben's grip was like a vice. An unfamiliar sensation came over the demon, as if he were breathing through his neck. An alarming amount of spiritual energy began to suck through Benjamin's palm. A moment later, the old man's skin all across his body regenerated, covering his endoskeleton everywhere it was exposed.

"E-energy draining?" Beelzebub's eyes widened. He gagged and struggled even more, but his strength began to slip. "What… kind of… power… is this?"

"There's a reason that even Bael respects me, child. Vanguards were the mightiest infantry corps among humanity's legions, and I was the strongest among them. I'm uniquely suited to battling your kind. Remember when I warned you that your regeneration wasn't infallible? That's because it relies on your spiritual energy. Once I drain it from you, you'll be defenseless."

Beelzebub's mind began to swim. _Damn. I can't get him off me. I… I have to switch tactics!_ Beelzebub thought.

He closed his eyes and opened them a moment later. A light as bright as the sun shot out, bounced around the chamber, and blinded everybody inside. Bael and Mephisto yelled in pain. Rosalia screamed as well. Then, while Ben was blinded, Beelzebub formed a solar-whip and-

"Ah ah ah," Ben said, interrupting Beelzebub's plan. He smiled, and Beelzebub realized that Ben hadn't even blinked from his solar flash. Ben used his free hand to grab and crush Beelzebub's wrist before he could create his whip. "My vision is augmented. Did you think you could blind me and attack while I was disoriented? Parlor tricks don't work on a Vanguard."

Terror appeared in Beelzebub's heart. Boiling rage replaced it immediately afterward. "Stinking filthy RAT! You won't defeat me!"

Deep in Beelzebub's mind, he imagined all his new powers. One appeared that he hadn't tested yet, but considering his predicament, now was the perfect moment.

_Smoke form._

After forming two signs with his free hand, Beelzebub coughed, and all the oxygen in his body vanished. Fire engulfed his skin, causing him to explode into smoke.

Ben toppled forward and landed on his stomach, and stared in shock. "What the-?!"

Beelzebub popped into existence ten feet away. He gasped for breath and trembled shakily. "Kahaha… I… I hope you enjoyed the taste of my energy, insect. It's time I stopped fooling around."

Hopping to his feet, Ben smiled. "Full of surprises, aren't you? I didn't realize you were taking it easy on this poor old man. It's about time you gave me a challenge."

A hundred thoughts flashed through Beelzebub's mind. "Your skin is little more than a fake covering for your outer shell, but you possess human body parts. A brain, for instance. The wonderful thing about the human body is that it melts quite deliciously under the power of fire."

Beelzebub smiled. "Barring that, I'll melt your metal carapace into slag."

Ben shook his head. "You will try."

Beelzebub inhaled, and his body warmed a hundred degrees in a single second. Three more seconds passed. Fire surrounded him and enveloped him in an infernal cloak. The heat in the room increased in intensity from mildly uncomfortable to painful.

Rosalia, having beaten Lily senseless, wiped her forehead and dragged the woman out the door. "Go… get that son of a bitch… Mister Beelzebub."

Bael ignored the heat, given his imperviousness to fire, but Mephisto shrank back and slinked into the dining room to avoid the heat. Benjamin also retreated a few steps. "Gods."

Beelzebub didn't let up. As the flames spiraled around his body and grew more and more intense, he paced toward Ben. "I thought you were unstoppable. What's the matter? _Can't take the heat_?"

The cyborg gasped as the flames broke a thousand degrees. He activated an energy shield around his body, but it proved useless against the temperature and fizzled out. A popping sound in his body echoed off the walls.

Suddenly, Benjamin stumbled backward. He clutched his stomach and wheezed.

"M-my compensators…"

Beelzebub formed another solar whip. He raised it above his head and lunged it at the human. The tip lashed across Ben's chest and boiled away his skin, making a hissing sound like a cobra in the process.

Ben didn't wince or show any pain, but the next time Beelzebub lashed out the whip, he dived to the side and activated a cloaking device to turn invisible, then dashed away.

Crackling sounds indicated his presence, along with a shimmer of movement rushing through the heat. Beelzebub smiled. "Ah ah ah, don't try to flee through the door. I'm not done with you."

Beelzebub quickly shot a heat bullet at the entrance, and when the bullet impacted, he fireported over, blocking the exit before Ben could leave. The cyborg's invisible body screeched to a halt. He retreated to try and get some distance from Beelzebub's fire cloak.

"F-fine! I'll admit defeat! You win!"

Ben turned visible once again. Already his skin was beginning to fizzle and bubble while the intense heat melted his insides to mush.

Beelzebub shook his head. "No. I own this estate. I own you. I won't forgive your insolence. After I cut you apart, I'll turn your daughters and sons to ash, and your wives, and anyone else in my way. I am Beelzebub, the Duke of Inferno. My power is an explosion of rage, and you've infuriated me like no other."

Bael stomped across the hall. "Beelzebub! That's enough!" The massive demon stepped in between Beelzebub and Ben, blocking some of the heat from affecting the cyborg. Ben shuddered to a stop and slumped over on the ground as his internal compensators overheated.

The Duke of Inferno scowled at Bael. "Get out of my way. I'm through with having you lot tell me what to do."

Bael lifted his chin and peered down at his junior, who had grown to nearly his same height. "Benjamin is an honored guest. There's a treaty. If you wanna fight him, you'll have to go through me."

Beelzebub _snerked_. "I already proved you couldn't beat me, meathead."

"Yeah? Don't make me turn into a Balrog. You won't like me when I'm angry."

Beelzebub and Bael eyed each other for several long seconds.

Finally, Beelzebub exhaled. His flames died down, and the heat in the room lowered immediately.

"Very well. I've proven my point. You won't be around forever to protect this human. If Benjamin Brown insults me again, I can't promise his safety."

"Then I can't promise yours."

"Is that a threat?"

"Yup."

The two demons stared each other down for a few moments before the younger one pivoted on his heel and headed out the door. "Make your bed with humans, if you please. Someday, I will be Emperor, and I will not forget those who mocked and scorned me."

He slammed the door shut.

After Beelzebub left, Bael turned and kneeled to Ben's level. "Hey, pal, you alive?"

A grinding noise inside Benjamin's body offered the only indication of his continuing life. The cyborg wheezed for breath, and his thoughts turned to mush as he tried to understand Bael's question.

"Great. Here, take my energy. We'll get you all fixed up, okay? Sorry I didn't step in sooner. Thought you had 'im playing defense."

Bael lifted Benjamin's palm and placed it on his neck, but it took several seconds for the cyborg's systems to reboot enough that he could drain energy. Once he did, though, life sprang back into his eyes. His internal organs repaired themselves somewhat, and his biological tissue regenerated, but his metal parts whirred clunkily and clicked together.

Ben's breath came in ragged gasps. "G-goddamn. Beelzebub is strong. Was he toying with me the whole time? I thought you said he was inexperienced."

"He is," Bael growled. "Kuh. Can't believe it. Never thought I'd see you go down in a one-on-one matchup, not even against an Emperor. Well, okay, maybe Satan, but that's different."

Benjamin lay motionless on the floor. "I need repairs. That damn Duke screwed up most of my internal systems. Cripes… I'll have to talk to Ose again."

"Uh huh." Bael cocked his head. "What _did_ you say to piss her off?"

"I don't know. Something about the mutual culpability between humans and demons when it came to neverending war."

"Cull-puh-bill-uh-tee? The fuck is that?"

"Never mind." Ben pulled himself into a sitting position and rubbed his chest. "I'm glad you saved me, Bael. I nearly died. I'm old as hell and rusty beyond belief. I haven't fought anyone since the end of the Energy Wars."

Bael waved his hand flippantly. "Psh, ain't nothin' to it. That pup's lucky he didn't fight you a hundred thousand years ago. You'd have torn him a new asshole! I'm gonna getcha back into fightin' shape; then you'll stomp him flat. It'll be just like the good old days!"

Ben shook his head. "No, sorry, friend. I don't feel like fighting anymore. I want to return to tending my garden and keeping the estate clean. That's all."

Several moments passed. Bael lowered his head. "Oh."

Mephisto slinked over from the dining room's doorway. "I'm sssurprisssed you lossst, Missster Brown."

Neither Ben nor Bael replied. Both of them stared silently at the ground. Eventually, Ben spoke, but he ignored Mephisto's statement. "War is coming. If Beelzebub fights, that hothead will destroy everything we've built. I wish he understood the consequences of plunging the Labyrinth into war. He may have power over flames, but if he keeps his antics up, he'll be the one who's burned."

"The Overlordsss…"

Ben looked to his left at Mephisto. "Yeah. The Overlords."

Bael shook his head. "They're busy with galaxy stuff. That's why I want your help, Ben. We've gotta get this Hero kid under control. If he catches the Overlord's attention…"

"You don't have to tell me twice." Ben said. He struggled to stand, and Bael helped him up. "I'll send a courier to fetch Ose. I hope she isn't too busy to help out little old me. Being the Third Emperor, and all."

Mephisto's eyes glowed redder than usual. "If Ossse can't repair you, Marie might have the resssourcesss."

Ben shook his head. "Pass. We haven't been on speaking terms for ages. Besides, you know Marie. She's probably the one who freed that Hero. Her schemes caused our breakup."

Bael sighed. "Maybe. Dunno. I haven't seen her in a long time."

"Same." Ben fanned his face. "It's hot as hell in here. Let's air the Spire out."

"Sure."

When they stepped outside, Ben's eyes lasered onto his unconscious daughter, whose dress was torn to shreds by Rosalia. Her face was black and blue from the demoness's barrage.

Ben stared at her for two seconds. He balled his hand into a fist. "Bastard."
