Part 535: Hope Awakens
Part 535: Hope Awakens

Hope Hiro's eyes flutter open and shut. For a period of time he can't determine whether it is long or short, he tries to wake up, but all he sees is blackness, with the occasional flickers of light and shadowy figures standing over him.

Sometimes Hope hears voices. Male, female? He can't tell.

Their words are inaudible.

The pain wracking his body is like a dull ache, slowly pummeling his tendons and bones. Over time, it weakens and becomes part of the background static. Eventually, it disappears entirely.

Once more, the Second Wordsmith opens his eyes. This time, the world comes into focus.

"Uh... uhhh..."

Hope groans weakly. The confusing noises around him clear up, and Solomon's face appears overhead, looking down at him with a smile.

"You've returned to the realm of the living." Solomon says.

"Solo... mon..." Hope mutters. "Was I... asleep?"

"Comatose." Solomon answers succinctly. "It's been a long three months of transitioning you back to accelerated time-dilation. But we can talk about that later."

Amelia appears overhead, her beautiful smile contrasting with her exhausted and sleep-deprived eyes.

"Hope! Oh thank goodness, you're awake! I was so worried, I thought you might never wake up again..."

With Amelia's help, Hope slowly pulls himself up to a sitting position as he lays back against the pillows in his bed. He dizzily looks around the room, feeling as if he's looking at the world through a fishbowl filled with water.

"Easy, now." Solomon says. "You're still a few percentage points out of dilation-sync. It won't be possible for you to walk around for another few hours. Best to just sit there and close your eyes if the dizziness becomes too severe."

Hope slowly nods at Solomon, but he doesn't fully comprehend the Knowledge Seeker's words. His gaze lingers on Amelia, but then it shifts to a blonde-haired woman standing across the room, as well as... a Technopath he doesn't immediately recognize.

Hope squints at the woman and the Technopath, trying to peer through his distorted vision to identify them.

"Oh... it's, uh... Miss Kindelmann." Hope says, before metaphorically scratching his head as he tries to identify the Volgrim beside Elizabeth. "And you are...?"

"_Designation: Psymin Miralax._" Comes the reply. "_Celestial Designer. Created time-acceleration device. Saved your life._"

"Oh. Well, thank you, then." Hope says. Normally he'd probably hold some hostility toward a Volgrim, but at this moment he simply lacks the energy for any strenuous emotional outbursts. "I guess if Solomon asked you for help, the situation... wasn't simple."

Solomon looks away in embarrassment. "...Well. That is to say, I was ignorant on one thing in particular. I didn't know about Time Dilation Sickness. If I did, I probably wouldn't have needed Miss Psymin's assistance. But, well, since I already took her out of stasis, it felt impolite to shove her back in."

"Time Dilation Sickness?" Hope asks with a frown. "That sounds serious. Man. What was I even doing? I remember I... I fought Mephisto, then I was at a bar, or something... then I, uh... it's a bit blank after that. Then I woke up here?"

"Let's get you caught up to speed." Solomon says.

...

Solomon spends a solid half-hour answering all of Hope's questions.

The Second Wordsmith listens while Solomon explains to him just what sort of life-threatening crisis he had fallen into. His frown deepens as he realizes that if the time dilation were any higher, he might have imploded the moment he arrived inside the Hall of Heroes.

"...So you're saying because the time dilation was 'only' 100 to 1 that I managed to survive with soul-wracking pain? If it were 150 to 1, or perhaps even higher, I'd have collapsed into a singularity?"

"I wouldn't use terms as extreme as that. But yes, the situation would have almost certainly instantly killed you. We're lucky you're a Wordsmith with a decently strong body."

"Yeah. But not strong enough, apparently." Hope says quietly.

"All that matters is we saved you." Amelia says, touching Hope's face gently. "I'm... I'm so glad you pulled through. I couldn't sleep properly for months."

"Sorry I made you worry like that." Hope says, smiling back at her. He turns his gaze to Solomon after a few moments. "My head's still a bit of a mess right now. Solomon, can you get me properly adjusted back to the Hall's time-flow? This distortion is making my head hurt. It's like I'm looking at all of you through a fogged-up mirror."

"You simply need more rest." Elizabeth says. "I worked with Miss Miralax to create an artifact capable of slowly stabilizing your time dilation status relative to the Hall of Heroes. It not only adjusts the temporal properties of your body, but your spirit and soul as well. The last two were my contribution, but the first was by Psymin."

"_My contribution meant little._" Psymin says with her trademark robotic tone. "_Solomon could have replicated my feat. With ease._"

"That's true, but to be fair, I'd have been relying on your memories and knowledge." Solomon says, his tone more respectful than Hope would usually expect. "The fact of the matter is, you are a genius when it comes to technology. Your assistance was greatly appreciated."

He pauses for a moment to look at Psymin with deep meaning.

"We will _not_ forget the help you've given us."

Solomon glances at Hope, and the Wordsmith nods.

"He's right. We won't." Hope affirms.

The Wordsmith directs a look of gratitude in Psymin's direction. In his heart, Hope concludes Psymin probably didn't play an extremely pivotal role in saving him, but this was most likely Solomon's way of playing nice with her. After all, it wouldn't hurt to have a card to play in terms of befriending the Volgrim in the future. Treating one of their last remaining Celestial Designers well might help brook a diplomatic treaty someday.

While Hope certainly cannot help but feel an intense loathing and disgust toward the Volgrim, especially for the callous and villainous ways they treated humanity over the millennia, in the end the Plague is still the Milky Way's greatest threat.

Perhaps Jason and Hope won't be able to solve the Plague Problem. If not, then all the Sentients would need to rise up and work together in the future.

It wouldn't do him any favors to have turned the Volgrim into his blood-enemies!

Slowly, Hope closes his eyes. The pain of his distorted vision fades somewhat, allowing him to better think as he sags against his pillows.

"Any change on the situation outside?" Hope asks.

"I have no way to monitor realspace." Solomon answers. "You have been in treatment for three months. Ninety days. That's nearly one full day in the outside world. As far as what has happened following your collapse, I am clueless."

"Hmm. I'll need to give you a way to monitor the situation externally, then." Hope says, keeping his tired eyes closed.

Unlike Jason, Hope has no equivalent to the Spynet Sphere. He never found it necessary, since his utilization for his secret realm was very different from Jason's.

But now, thinking back on the time since the Hall of Heroes' creation, Hope decides he needs some method to monitor the external situation. Especially since he's now trapped inside until he finds a way to mitigate the effects of Temporal Distortion!

"Can you give me any solutions for curing Time Dilation Sickness?" Hope asks, still keeping his eyes closed. "Any of you. Solomon, Psymin, Elizabeth...? It'll be terrible for humanity if I end up trapped in the Hall."

Psymin blinks her eyes. "_Some options known. Not desirable. Best solution: spend little time inside accelerated space. The more time spent, the greater the side effects._"

"I might be able to fashion an artifact of some sort." Elizabeth says. "Something to reduce the severity of time dilation's side effects on you. But... I'm not Camael. I'm quite slow at making artifacts, and mine are rather crude and unwieldy."

"Wordsmithing is likely the best solution." Solomon concludes. "I'm certain there must be some combination of Words of Power that will allow you to travel between Realspace and Dilated Space with minimal negative side effects."

Hope nods slowly.

"Yeah. Less time spent... artifacts... Words of Power... these all sound... good to... me..."

Hope's consciousness wavers. After a short while, he falls back asleep, leaving the four others in the room to their own thoughts.

Amelia gently lowers Hope back into a laying position. She tucks him in while he falls asleep, then kisses his forehead.

"He's just tired." Amelia says. "Right?"

"Yes. A bit more rest will give the artifact time to fully align his temporal position." Solomon confirms. "Even if he's only 0.01 time units out of sync, it can still stress his brain. It's best if we let the Wordsmith rest a while."

"_I will take my leave._" Psymin says. "_Require maintenance._"

"I can help you with that. But I have some friends who are better with technology than me." Elizabeth replies.

"_Understood. I thank you for your hospitality._" Psymin concludes.

The two of them depart, leaving Solomon and Amelia alone.

"Hmm..." Solomon mutters. "I can only imagine the situation in realspace right now."

"Hopefully things are going well enough out there." Amelia answers. "It's only been a day. How much could possibly change?"

"You would be surprised." Solomon retorts.

---

Emperor Melody sighs deeply as she looks at Diablo levitating above her.

"I choose to become... a Stellar Warden."

On the world of Sharmur, a few hundred Emperors and Dukes listen intently to her declaration, blinking with surprise at her words.

"That is quite a statement." Diablo says slowly. "Do you understand that you will be forever locked to this system, unable to leave? To become a Stellar Warden, you must tie every part of your life force to the celestial entities residing within Sharmur's voidspace. Leaving will mean a rapid decaying of your body and a quick, brutal death. If an enemy attacks, you will have no choice but to stay and fight them."

"I know." Melody says, her tone even. "Needing to stay and fight... to put up a fight until the end... it's what I should have done the first time Sharmur was attacked. I know I wouldn't have made a difference. But that was then, and this is now. I won't let the Plague or the Volgrim roll over my friends again. Sharmur will become a world where demons and humans can live in peace, without worry of their lives coming to an end. I'll fight with all I have to make that happen."

Diablo turns his attention from Melody to the other elites around her.

"Sharmur is a paradise-class world. It is a strategic resource, ideal for raising a populace of future powerhouses. It also happens to be the type of world the Plague prefers to devour, as well as the Volgrim, the humans, and all the other Sentients. It is for this reason I advised earlier that Wardens of paradise-worlds should not be Free Wardens. We need raw military might to defend our strategic locations of interest."

He pauses for a second to let his words sink in.

"But make no mistake. Becoming a Stellar Warden is a particularly excellent choice for Melody to make. That is because, depending on the system, one's power can be amplified significantly. The power any Warden can harness, and the boundary of their Cosmic Might, is dependent on the _quality_ of the best world in that system. But the amount of power they can wield, the mana at their disposal, that is affected by the _quantity_ of worlds in their system."

Diablo motions with his hands, causing mana to build above his palm and form a micro-simulation of the worlds inside Sharmur's star system.

"The Shredder System consists of the Ripper Star as well as twelve planets and thirty one moons. The Ripper Star is only slightly bigger and more luminous than Sol, the star of demonkind's homeworld, Earth."

He points at one of the planets nearest the sun.

"Sharmur is a paradise-class planet. But in truth, there is one other minor life-bearing world in this system we never expended time to colonize. The Plague has already taken it over, as well. This planet will fall to our combined forces much more quickly than Sharmur did, as its life energy is much lower than Sharmur's."

Melody listens quietly while Diablo patiently explains the Shredder system's dynamics, clearly reaching toward a greater point.

"If you were to choose to become a Planetary Warden, you would only need to disperse your demonic power and then attune your soul to Sharmur's core. But since you have chosen to become a Stellar Warden, this is merely the _first_ step you must take. To obtain the complete status of a Stellar Warden, you must not only disperse your demonic power, but also simultaneously attune your body, spirit, and soul to the Ripper Star. After that, you will need to attune yourself one-by-one to each of the planets in the Shredder system."

He continues. "With each planet your body attunes to, your radius of power will magnify exponentially. You will become capable of traveling anywhere within the Shredder system's voidspace. This is another huge benefit of becoming a Stellar Warden: You can travel throughout the void to battle much more powerful adversaries. The more planets you attune yourself to, the greater your reserves of mana when battling your foes, and the further from the Ripper Star you'll be able to voidshift."

Melody, as well as all the other demons, raise their eyebrows in realization. It occurs to them that these Warden titles and attributes are far more flexible than they originally expected.

"This makes me wonder," Yardrat interjects, "if a system with fewer planets would ultimately end up with a far weaker Stellar Warden? Would it then be better to assign a Planetary Warden?"

"The choice is up to each of you." Diablo says, spreading his arms. "Do not forget that demonkind already controls several other worlds, such as Diabolus, Hell Harbor, Numaria, and other such systems. We need to not only assign Wardens to newly conquered worlds, but important strongholds we already control, now. We can rapidly inflate our standing war strength which will provide us inestimable benefits in the long run. In the end, some Wardens will be mightier than others. That is merely the balance of the Akashic Rules at play..."

...

As Diablo talks, one demon sits in the back of the Emperors, not particularly giving a damn.

Bael, despite coming along and joining in the fighting by fighting as a purely melee-focused attacker with his Matriarch Armor, wasn't able to actually do much. Like Rhesus, he could only kill any Plaguehosts who drew within range of his Big Bonk, and those weren't very many after being whittled down by all the other Emperor's long-range attackers.

As far as all the complicated explanations given by Diablo, Bael barely pays a single iota of attention to them. He sits on a rock and yawns repeatedly, trying not to fall asleep while all the other demons shout cries of 'ooh' and 'ahh!'

But unlike Bael, the soul possessing his Matriarch Armor listens carefully.

Very carefully.

Ose frowns multiple times as she hears Diablo's explanation of what steps must be taken, all the gains demonkind will obtain, and other such tangible benefits.

[This Warden business is not as simple as Diablo makes it seem.] Ose says to herself. [Each Emperor we convert will become rooted to their world of choice. They won't be able to go out and help conquer other worlds, which will quickly slow down our expansion progress. Doesn't Diablo understand just how many star systems there are in the Milky Way? Tens of billions! We barely have two hundred elites here, and two-thirds of them aren't even Emperors. We'll have to rely heavily on Glinch to make up the difference... but how can it be so simple to just pop some pills made with exobeast blood and make a thousand new Emperors?]

Ose scrunches up her face. She eventually turns to Bael.

[Bael. Bael! IDIOT, wake up! Stop dozing off!]

Bael blinks in surprise, waking from a daydream involving multiple painfully cute bunnies frolicking in a meadow. "Uh... huh? Huh? What's up, Ose?"

[I have some problems with what Diablo's been saying.] Ose says, inhaling deeply to control her breathing. [Go up and ask him a few questions for me.]

Bael sighs. "Man, and here I was enjoying my nap..."

[SCREW YOUR NAP, you tiny-brained starfish! This concerns the future of demonkind! Just get over there and ask him these questions for me!]

Bael frowns at Ose's insults, but ultimately stands up and waddles forward, rolling his eyes. "Yeah, yeah. Just tell me what to say so we can get this over with already..."

With the Matriarch Armor muffling Bael's voice, the other demons don't pay much attention to his ramblings, especially when Diablo is uttering such shocking words that will affect the future path of their species! As Bael approaches, he pushes a few people out of the way, then raises his hand.

"Hey. Hey! Deebs! Got a couple questions over here real quick!"

Diablo pauses, glancing at Bael in surprise.

"Oh? Go on then, Duke of... hmm, are you still a Duke? I can't tell. You have a bit of an aura of an Emperor about you..."

"Right, yeah, Emperor or whatever." Bael says, not really caring, and instead trying to focus as Ose feeds her words through his ears to speak on her behalf. "So uh, I gotta ask, man. What happens if one of these fancy-shmancy Wardens, you know... gets eaten?"

"By the Plague?" Yardrat asks, a few feet away.

"Yeah!" Bael says. "Like what if the Plague _noms_ on Melody and turns her into a bad girl? Then the Plague would have a super strong demon on their side."

"I don't actually know the answer to that question." Diablo replies. "The good news is, I believe any Wardens who are swallowed by the Plague would still be trapped on the worlds they defend. The Plague wouldn't suddenly have a new Cosmic Entity they can throw at our frontlines."

Bael pauses a moment to wait for Ose's input.

"Right..." Bael says slowly. "But it'd sure make retaking that world a lot harder, wouldn't it? Y'know, what with having a strong lady like Melody protecting it."

Yardrat's eyebrows arch up. "Bael makes a good point. If Melody becomes a Middle Cosmic on par with Diablo, but she is somehow defeated and converted by the Plague, we'll have given them a world they can protect with ease. We might never be able to retake Sharmur if that happened."

He glances at Melody and shrugs apologetically. "Of course, I am not only referring to you, but to any Warden controlling any world."

"I got the gist of the argument." Melody says, while slapping Yardrat's shoulder lightly. "No worries!"

Bael pipes up once more. "Oh also, uh, I gotta ask. What happens to Wardens if their worlds are blasted to smithereens?"

"That... is not something which will happen easily." Diablo says slowly. "But assuming Dosena or one of the Executors were to go all-out, or the Wordsmiths were to take extreme measures like they did with the Polaris System... each level of Warden would react differently."

"Free Wardens can retain their Emperor power. Their connection to their Warden-world is tenuous. If they die, their world will be just fine. Similarly, if their world is destroyed, they will suffer no ill effects."

"Planetary Wardens tie their life-force to their world. If they die, their world's core will likely begin to cool, then it will fall inert, ultimately losing its magnetic field and becoming subject to the bombardment of celestial objects. Similarly, if their world is destroyed, Planetary Wardens will die."

"Finally, Stellar Wardens tie their life force not only to their system's star, but to its many worlds as well. If that star is destroyed, the Warden will suffer a serious injury, but so long as the planets remain, the Warden will simply drop from the rank of Middle Cosmic to Low Cosmic. However, if all the worlds in that system are destroyed, such as through a supernova, the Warden will perish."

He pauses.

"Similarly... if a Stellar Warden is slain, all the worlds in their system will shrivel up and die. The star will lose its ability to generate fusion, and... the results can be imagined."

The Emperors all fall silent. Their eyes lower in thought as they contemplate this new information.

"We'd truly be tying our lives to the stars and planets..." Emperor Serena says.

"It also means anyone who can kill a Stellar Warden will ruin all of the planets in that system." Yardrat points out. "If the Volgrim or some other enemy are desperate to cripple us..."

"Sure, but that's only _if_ they have the ability to fight a Cosmic Entity." Melody retorts. "You've seen how tough the Archdemon is. Imagine if all of us could have that kind of power!"

Emperor Fae rolls her eyes. "This is stupid! So what if destroying a planet kills the Warden and vice-versa? What a bunch of yadda-yadda! If we've got an enemy that can blow up a planet, a Cosmic, or a freaking star, we're already in big trouble, you bunch of dumb dopes!"

"That is true..." Yardrat concedes.

Ose listens silently from within the Matriarch Armor. She mulls over the costs and benefits, then leans back.

[These Wardens aren't a silver bullet, but they do solve a lot of problems. I have to tenuously agree with Diablo's arguments on the matter. Melody can serve as an example for what a powerful Warden can accomplish. Perhaps by elevating her, we'll obtain clues about how much strength the other Emperors can wield once they reach her level. It would certainly give us a solid foundation to make further judgments.]

She shrugs.

[And, at the very least, if Melody dies, we'll only have lost Sharmur. We already lost it once. One more time won't be any different...]

Diablo looks at the faces of everyone present. He watches as a consensus grows among his fellow Emperors.

He smiles.

"Then... are we all in agreement? Melody, knowing all the risks, do you still choose to become a Stellar Warden?"

Melody takes a few moments to think.

She evaluates the gazes of her fellow Emperors. Plenty of them want her to ascend if only for the selfish reason of seeing what sort of power they could possess, given they made the same choice. But most certainly appear to want her to make the choice due to it being a reasonable decision, given her desire to protect Sharmur at all costs.

"...I do, Diablo. Even knowing the downsides, I still intend to become a Stellar Warden."

"Good. Good!" Diablo says twice. "I like your decisiveness. In the future, I hope all of you will make similarly bold choices when your time comes to rule over a world! But now, enough talk."

Diablo's astral form vanishes. At the same time, the Archdemon becomes more animated, rising up to its full height and slowly making its way toward the assembled Emperors.

"**THE ASCENSION CEREMONY WILL BEGIN AT ONCE.**"