_Where was he?_

He opened his eyes, only to see an endless void. He couldn't feel anything. His body drifted in an infinite ocean of disorienting darkness, giving him the impression he was floating deep in outer space. He wanted to move, but his body felt empty.

His nose itched. He tried to scratch it, but from nowhere, a blunt object bashed him in the face, stunning him and sending his head into a disorienting spiral. 

_You're under attack! Someone's trying to hurt you!_ his mind screamed in alarm.

He tried to raise his hand and protect himself. "Stah- kkhnn..."

The words wouldn't come out. His throat stung. It wouldn't move properly. His saliva slid down his throat with the same ease as a drop of battery acid. He couldn't even shift his head to look around.

After a few moments, no more attacks came. Whoever struck him must be standing in the darkness, watching, waiting. It was only now that he noticed a painful discomforting sensation on his skull. _I'm still wearing the goddamn Crown! It can't be removed from my head unless I do so myself._

_Ah! Amelia. That's right! She attacked me! Is she keeping me locked up somewhere? Why is everything so dark? Where did she put me? Hell, come to think of it, how am I alive at all? After seeing the rage on her face, I thought she was going to kill me._

Still, whoever his attacker was, he or she said nothing. He reached out to the Crown to access its database. Solomon's knowledge filled his brain, and after a few seconds, a series of observations appeared in his head. 

_Auditory receptors: Acceptable. Optic nerves: Burned out. Somatosensory system: Diminished. Mental acuity: Diminished. Movement: 95% impaired. Speech: Disabled._

_The readings come from my body. I can still hear, but I can't see or feel anything. What happened after I passed out?_

His head was still cocked unnaturally to the side, so he tried to reach up to adjust it, only for the invisible assailant to reach over and strike him in the face again. "St- khh!" He choked out a weak plea for mercy, but still, they said nothing.

The sound of a door opening made him freeze. The creaking of hinges, along with hesitant footsteps caused his heart to pound violently. _Another person? Who? Someone's already here, hitting me every time I try to move, and now there's a second intruder? Oh god... I've never felt so alone and scared in my life. I'm more scared than when the statue monster chased me! I can't even defend myself or hide in a corner. I'm completely at their mercy!_

"Your Grace?" A female voice pierced the din. The sudden sound hurt his head. 

"Mmngh," he muttered.

The footsteps drew closer. He could hear the woman breathing now, so close was she to his bed. "You're awake? Oh, thank the gods!" After she spoke again, he recognized the woman's voice. 

_Phoebe?_

_That's right. Phoebe Berthold. I've only spoken to her twice, but she seems a kind and caring soul. Is she working with Amelia? Why would Amelia give me back to Phoebe? I don't understand._

A sensation of warmth brushed against his face. He tried to reach up to swat at it, only for another violent blow to strike him. He tried to cower away, but he couldn't even move his head to try and evade the assailant's attacks. Tears bubbled in his eyes as he tried to stifle the terror in his heart. _Whoever's hurting me, they must love seeing the agonized look on-_

"Your Grace! Be careful!" Phoebe spoke again, much closer now. The warmth returned to his face, and he finally realized she must be touching him. "Why are you striking yourself? I mean you no harm."

_Striking myself? What does she mean? Am... am I the one who keeps hitting my face? But that couldn't be my hand... could it?_

A moment passed, and the horrific reality set in. _I can't feel my body at all. It is my hand striking me. I thought there was someone standing above me, silently, torturing me every so often... but it was me all along. I... I feel like such an idiot._

The sound of choked breathing made him pause. After listening for a few seconds, he realized it was Phoebe. She was trying to stifle tears, but after a few moments, she couldn't control herself. "Your Grace... I'm so, so sorry. I should have been there. I can't believe what the Black Witch did to you! It's my failure! I'm so sorry! I failed you in your t-time of need..."

_It's not your fault, Phoebe. Don't blame yourself for this. I want to comfort her and tell her everything's going to be okay, but I can't speak at all._

"White-hair?" A masculine voice spoke now, and he instantly recognized it as Kar's. He sounded like he was at the door. "Has Turtle woken up yet?"

She sniffled audibly and pulled away. The warmth on his face disappeared, and she replied to Kar, "Y-yes, my lord. He has woken, but I don't believe he can speak. He struck himself in the face, too."

"Mmm. I see." Kar's heavy footsteps plodded toward him. He stopped, and several seconds of silence followed. "I do not know what Frilled One's plans involved. She slashed his throat, only to then partially heal him. 'Twas only enough to close his wounds, but she left his spine shattered. He'll be paralyzed for life if we can't find someone both willing and able to heal him."

"Amelia slashed his throat? B-but, that's awful! I thought they were friends! Why would she do such a thing?!"

Kar grunted. "Hurgh. I can only hazard a guess, White-hair. Turtle is a Hero, one with a power called Wordsmithing. If he cannot speak, then he cannot use his power. It seems her goal was to turn him into a cripple. Now that he can't use his Wordsmithing, he won't get in her way."

Phoebe sniffled again, and he could barely make out the sound of her wiping at her eyes. "Horrid, foul monster. I can't believe she would do such a thing."

"Aye." Kar walked a little closer. He felt the bed shift as he sat down at the far end. "I've sent out a query to the demons, but I doubt any will respond. Healing magic is exceedingly rare, and most demons cannot heal something like a broken spine. I'm afraid that Turtle will stay paralyzed for a long time to come."

_He tried to blink and open his eyes, but nothing came into view. He couldn't see anyone, or anything, not even the tiniest sliver of light. The sensation of tears crawling down his face made his chest ache._

_I'm paralyzed; a hero who can't move. That must be what Amelia meant. You'll never be able to hurt me again, she said. I can't hurt or help anyone. I'm useless. A lump of flesh stuck in a bed._

A choke escaped his throat. The bed shifted slightly. Kar grunted. "Ah. I've disturbed you. I'm sorry, Turtle. I know this must be hard for you, but I assure you. With some patience, I may find someone who can heal you. Don't lose faith."

"Please don't cry, Your Grace." Phoebe's warm hand touched his face again. "I shall stay by your side. I won't let you be alone, no matter the- ah!" She squeaked in surprise. "Kar! His eyes! Look!"

Kar grunted. "They're glowing? What is the meaning of this? Tilt his head this way."

Phoebe paused. "Forgive me, Your Grace." Saying this, he felt his head shift into a more natural position as she tilted it to allow him to look straight up.

"Hurgh. How odd. Why would his eyes glow white? The color reminds me of- oh! That white orb of his! Have you seen it?"

_My heart pounds in my chest. Hoarhiim! Where is he?!_

Phoebe grunted. "Ah, I apologize. I know not of what you speak."

"He carried a glowing orb in his belt pouch. You removed his clothes, as I recall. Did you see it?"

Phoebe stuttered and stammered as embarrassment flooded her voice. "H-his clothes. Right, o-of course. I saw m-many things, but not the orb. My apologies."

"Unfortunate. Perhaps the Frilled One took it. I am sorry, Turtle, but I will do my best to locate it. As for your eyes, I can only guess what the glowing means. White-hair, is Turtle able to see?"

A sensation of wind brushed over his face. "No. He isn't following my hand."

"Can he speak at all?"

He coughed and tried to force out a word, but all that escaped his lips was, "Kuh- nnguh!"

Kar sighed. "I believe he could heal himself if he had access to Wordsmithing. However, I have an idea. Turtle, you may not be able to speak or move, but perhaps you could communicate in other ways? If you can understand my words, cough twice."

_A flash of realization hit him. The blinking code!_

_I remember reading about a man who lay paralyzed and in the hospital back in my time. He was able to communicate with his doctors and loved ones by blinking once for no, and twice for yes!_

"Kuh. Kuh."

"I see," Kar muttered. "Cough four times."

"Kuh. Kuh. Kuh. Kuh."

Kar's voice brightened noticeably. "That is good news. White-hair, I will leave you to take care of him. I must seek out a healer, if possible. Use simple yes and no questions to talk to him. I have known many warriors who ended up in similar situations after a battle. Try not to leave him alone, where possible. Loneliness and helplessness can crush a man's soul."

Phoebe's voice quivered. "I would sooner fall on my sword than leave him in darkness."

"I know." Kar stood up and walked to the door. "He may not be able to say it, but I sense that the Turtle appreciates you, more than you think. You must let go of your feelings of guilt if you wish to feel happiness."

Kar shut the door behind him, leaving Phoebe and him alone together.

_Why would Phoebe feel guilty? Did she do something to me?_ Questions appeared in his mind. _I wish I could ask._

Phoebe sat beside him for a long while, saying nothing. He tried to reach up and touch her, only for her to jump in surprise. "Your Grace?"

"Kuh." He choked out a reply, but it didn't amount to much.

She stood beside the bed for a few seconds before sitting down again. "You can still move your right arm? Can you feel my hand?"

"Kuh."

A pause. "Ah, right. One cough for no, two for yes. That was the system, right?"

"Kuh. Kuh."

"So you can't feel my hand. I'm holding yours right now. Try to squeeze, if possible."

He tried, but he was unsure if it worked. Based on Phoebe's reaction, he failed. "Are you squeezing?"

"Kuh. Kuh."

"Nothing changed. Perhaps you can move your hand, but can't feel anything. Be careful, Your Grace. You could hurt yourself." She hesitated for a moment. "D-do you need to use the restroom?"

_That's an odd question. A moment later, it occurs to me the gravity of my situation._

_Bed sores. Food. Toilet breaks. In the modern world I came from, a hospital would be well-equipped for all of those things. How am I going to use the bathroom in my current state? How will I wash myself? I won't. Phoebe will have to take care of me._

_The thought makes me want to die. I've never felt so helpless and ashamed in my entire life._

Phoebe coughed. "I... I know you must have many thoughts now, Your Grace. I just want you to understand that I'm here for you. You saved my friends and me from a lifetime of servitude to a dark god. Please... please don't hesitate to use me. I will care for you with all my heart. I won't fail you like- like I... like I did King Arthur."

The bed shook slightly. Phoebe choked a little, making an odd noise in the process. _She's crying again. Why does she weep for me? I feel like someone chained an anvil to my neck. I want to cry, too._

She wiped her eyes and touched his face. "Can you feel this, Your Grace?"

"Kuh. Kuh."

"Ah... I'm glad. I'll stay like this, just for a while, if you'd like."

"Kuh. Kuh."