**[Recommended Listening - Rosalia's Theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8WuKJa6L5E)**

Demons and monsters walked past Rosalia, clumped together in twos and threes. Some of them gazed at her with looks of disgust, but most ignored her. She sat in silence and kicked her feet back and forth, humming a song to pass the time. "Hmm-hm-hmm, hm-hm hm-hm..."

Five minutes passed. Then ten. Soon, an hour crawled by, and a yawn escaped her lips. Boredom threatened to swallow her whole and put her to sleep, but she held on. _I always do if it means I get to see Mister Beelzebub when he returns,_ Rosalia thought. The Annex wasn't the liveliest place to sit around and wait, but at least she got to people-watch. It was fun!

_Ugh. Jeez. I can't believe Mister Beelzebub made me stay behind while he went off with that floozy, Ose. I saw the way she looked at him. Luckily, he's a smart demon who won't fall for her tricks. Beelzebub loves me more than he'll admit,_ Rosalia thought. _That's one of the things that makes him better than my previous lovers._

Footsteps drew near. Rosalia glanced to her right and spotted a massive pair of tree-trunk sized legs. Her eyes followed them up their owner's body until she eventually met Mister Bael's gaze.

"Heya, cutie. Whatcha doin' sittin' here all by your lonesome?" The Duke of Pain smiled widely and plopped down on the demonstone bench beside her. His bulk rattled her teeth, making her smile.

"I'm waiting for Mister Beelzebub to return!"

"Yeah? How long've you been here?"

"Oh... I don't know... maybe an hour?"

Bael turned away to stare at a pair of succubi walking past. His tongue lolled out, and he wet his lips. A moment later, he turned back to her. "That's some real dedication you've got. Beelzebub's a lucky guy. I don't know what you see in him, though."

Rosalia crossed her arms. "Hmm, I doubt you came here to talk about Beelzebub. You two don't get along."

"Huh? Sure we do! He's a good kid. Proved himself a few months ago. Really surprised me." Bael trailed off and puffed out his lips. "Pfaah... I'm bored. Bored, bored, bored. Ain't no fun sittin' around, doin' nothing. Why don't you and I go back to my place, eh?"

Rosalia blushed and looked away. "Sorry, Mister Bael. I'm only interested in Mister Beelzebub."

The big lovable brute grumbled under his breath. "Hmph, whatever. You'll come around eventually. No woman can stay with a guy like him for long. He probably isn't even interested in bitches. I bet he likes sausage."

"No, Mister Beelzebub prefers deviled eggs if he eats anything at all. He usually skips meals."

Bael chuckled. "Hehe. Your mind is innocent, as always. No dirty thoughts boppin' around in there."

"I beg your pardon?"

"Nothin'."

Several seconds passed. Rosalia continued to kick her feet back and forth aimlessly. She finally broke the silence. "Mister Bael... am I ugly?"

"Don't be stupid. Of course not."

"You always hit on me, but everyone else looks away. I don't know if it's all in my head or not."

Mister Bael sighed. "Haah. Look, cutie, I ain't the best lookin' dude around, right? I'm fat. Always sweating. But women can't resist me. Know why?"

"Why?"

He tapped the side of his head. "It's cuz I'm smart."

Rosalia tried not to stare at him suspiciously. _There must be another reason._

When Rosalia didn't immediately reply, Mister Bael continued. "I figgered it out a long time ago. Bitches love a guy with balls. I'm strong, high-ranking compared to other demons, and command respect. Women can't resist me, despite my looks not being up to snuff."

Rosalia nodded slowly. "So... are you saying I need to get stronger?"

"Nope. What works for a guy ain't gonna work for a broad. Look at Ose. Sexy and strong, but men avoid her like the plague. Then again, Belial is the same, but she's got guys lining up to beat down the door."

"Isn't Belial a succubus?"

"Mhm. She gamed the system."

"What system?"

Mister Bael scratched his chin. "Uhh... you know... the _system_..."

"I don't follow."

He hemmed and hawed. "The... uhhhhh...... _system_..."

"Didn't you say you were smart?"

Bael glared at her. "Hey! Shuddup! I have a condition!"

"I'm kidding, haha!"

He nudged her playfully and started smiling again. "Whatever. Look, the point is, you shouldn't copy others. You gotta figger it out on your own. Somewhere out there, there's a Duke who'd be perfect for you. Someone who'd treat you right, and-"

"Are you talking about yourself?"

The Duke crossed his arms. "M-maybe."

"Mister Bael..."

Rosalia looked away from him and blushed. Mister Bael was very kind, despite his brutish looks. He was an animal when it came to fighting, but he had a soft side as well.

Bael grunted under his breath. "Oy. Look who's back. Just when we were gettin' to the good stuff."

His sudden shift in voice tone caught Rosalia by surprise. She followed his gaze toward one of the portals, where Mister Beelzebub stepped out and adjusted his tie.

"Ah! Mister Beelzebub is back! Yay!" Excitement rushed through her body. _I'm so glad to see him again!_ Rosalia thought.

Mister Bael rolled his eyes. "Yup. There he is."

Rosalia quickly jumped up and rubbed her hands together. "Mister Beelzebub! Yoo-hoo! Over here!"

A look of irritation passed over Mister Beelzebub's face, most likely because he hadn't had her around to care for him for over an hour. No doubt, he had daydreamed about her the whole time he was gone!

Beelzebub slowly dragged himself over to them. Normally he would have eagerly jumped into her waiting arms, but since Bael was here, he was acting coy. That was so like him to think about how he would make her look.

"Ugh. Rosalia. Bael. The last two people I wanted to see."

Rosalia cocked her head to the right. "Huh? Mister Bael is only one person though."

"He's big enough to be two."

_Ah, so Mister Beelzebub was delivering a fat joke. That's so like him to try and make me laugh!_ Rosalia thought.

Bael stood up beside her. "I can't believe you made your servant sit here and wait for an hour."

Beelzebub raised an eyebrow. "I told Rosalia to leave. Don't pin her idiocy on me."

_It's adorable how bad his memory is! I clearly remember him telling me to wait for his return with bated breath!_ Rosalia thought.

"Now that you're back, Mister Beelzebub, you must be starved! Let's go back to the manor so I can cook you some deviled eggs!"

Mister Beelzebub crinkled his nose. "How many times must I tell you? I detest eggs."

"Oh, don't be silly! You clean your plate every time I make them!"

"Yes. I scorch them to ash and blow the remains out the window."

"You do?"

"Of course! Devils, I've said it ten times now!"

Rosalia broke out into a giggle. "Haha, that's a wonderful way to sanitize dishes! You're so smart!"

Beelzebub gritted his teeth. "Hnn!! Damn you, woman! How do you manage to twist every word-"

Beelzebub stopped mid-sentence. He pulled back and exhaled fire, coughing once or twice in the process. "Kah! Kah! Never mind that. I learned something exciting during my chat with the Third Emperor."

Rosalia's eyes widened. "You did? Is it about our wedding-"

"No! Seven hells, no!" Beelzebub slammed his eyes shut. "It's about your status as my servant."

A feeling of trepidation entered the back of Rosalia's mind.

"Are... are you proposing to me?"

"I just said I wasn't. Close your mouth and open your ears, damn it. Ose told me that there is no such thing as a permanent servant." Mister Beelzebub opened his eyes and glared at Bael. "You lied to me. You said Rosalia was bound to me for life!"

Bael whistled innocently. "Oh, did I? Must've slipped my mind."

"I knew it. You always screw with me. Rosalia has been my biggest source of aggravation, and it's all your fault."

Rosalia cocked her head to the left. "Why are you aggravated? Is it because we aren't intimate enough? My bed is always warm for you, Mister Beelzebub."

Beelzebub's face reddened, likely at the thought of all the shameful things he and she would do if only he could bring himself to think of her in such an indecent manner. _His mind is as pure as an angel's,_ Rosalia thought.

"Rosalia. This has been a long, _long_ time coming." Mister Beelzebub's expression turned serious.

Rosalia's heart skipped a beat.

"H-here? In front of all these onlookers?! I... I don't know if I'm ready for our relationship to-"

"Rosalia. You're fired."

Mister Beelzebub cut her off before she could finish.

Several seconds passed. Bael's jaw dropped. "Beelzebub! You smarmy little cunt! You can't do that!"

Several hundred thoughts ran through Rosalia's head.

_Fired._

_Fired._

_What does that word mean? He's the Duke of Inferno. He loves fire. Does that mean... toward me... he feels the most heated passion a man can endure? Does his love for me blaze hotter than the stars above?_ Rosalia thought.

A tear dripped down her face.

"Mister Beelzebub..."

He smiled sweetly, as he stared at her with tender eyes. "Finally. Now you understand."

"I didn't know you loved me that much."

His smile slipped. "...What? I don't love you, imbecile. I'm firing you."

_Uwaaah!! He said it again! Mister Beelzebub keeps doubling down on his passion!! My entire body warms a thousand degrees as I feel his passionate gaze stripping my clothes away bit by bit. He wants my everything- my all!_ Rosalia thought.

Beelzebub choked. "Kah. Oh, devils. You're misunderstanding me. You're too dense. I can't believe this. What do you THINK I said?!"

Rosalia raised a finger to his lips, and he jerked away. "You don't need to say anymore, Mister Beelzebub. Your love burns hotter than the center of the galaxy. Everyone knows it's true, but it took you all this time to finally admit it."

Bael tilted his head in her direction. "Uh... what? I'm confused."

"You are?! I have to live with her! It's torture! Hell!" Beelzebub gritted his teeth and grabbed Rosalia's shoulders, staring directly into her soul. The sensation of their minds intertwined, and the heat from his gaze threatened to send her into a lovestruck coma, whereupon he would awaken her with a kiss! _Uwaahhh!_ Rosalia thought.

Beelzebub screamed at the top of his lungs, "Listen here, you sodding fat cow! We're done! I'm letting you go! I never want to speak to you again! You are no longer my servant! I'll never marry you! I hate you! I hate everything about you!! You disgust-"

_WHAM._

Mister Bael's hand moved so quickly that Rosalia barely caught a glimpse of it. Mister Beelzebub flew away from her and spun head over heels, smashed through the fortified demonstone wall, and blasted out into the world beyond.

Mister Bael balled his hand up into a fist. "That... that does it! You worthless excuse for a Duke! I'll tear you to pieces!"

Beelzebub's words rang in Rosalia's ear. She grabbed Mister Bael's arm. "Wait! What did he mean? Why did you hit Mister Beelzebub?"

Bael whipped his head toward her. "Huh? You heard what he said! Beelzebub spelled it out, plain as day! He's sendin' you away so he can have a different servant! Doesn't that piss you off?!"

A hollow pit formed in Rosalia's stomach. "No... no, Mister Bael, you're wrong. Mister Beelzebub would... he would never do that to me! He loves me too much! You heard his confession!"

Bael stared at her for a moment, then looked away. "Dammit, cutie. You can't keep lyin' to yourself. Beelzebub is a worthless piece of trash, at least when it comes to his taste in women. He doesn't love you. He wants you gone."

_I'm confused. I don't understand. Beelzebub loves me! He always said so, all the time! He couldn't bring himself to defile my purity, that's why we never consumated our love. Why would that change now, out of nowhere?! It doesn't make any sense!!_ Rosalia thought.

Her breath slowed to a stop.

_No. That's wrong. Today, Mister Beelzebub went off with that snow-haired devil, Ose. She did something to him! She must have corrupted his mind. Yes, that's it! And the reason he's acting so cold out of nowhere... it's all her fault!_ Rosalia thought.

Beelzebub stumbled through the hole in the side of the building. His left arm hung limply, while several broken bones stabbed through the front of his jacket, allowing blood to pour through.

"Oh my gosh! Mister Beelzebub! Are you alright?"

Rosalia ran over to him and reached for his good arm to help him along, but Beelzebub growled like a feral animal and swatted at her. "Get back! You accursed wretch! I've had it with you! You and Bael both... ugly, disgusting animals!"

Several demons and monsters nearby stood and watched. Most of them took a few steps back, frightened by his outrage.

_I know how to calm Beelzebub down when he's angry,_ Rosalia thought. "Please, you don't need to yell, Mister Beelzebub. I can sing you a song to help you feel better. You'd like that, wouldn't- ahh!" Beelzebub swung his free hand toward her and sent a ball of fire flying at her face!

Something appeared out of nowhere and blocked it. Bael's hand! "Now you attack her? Stuck-up little Duke. I thought you'd matured. You're still an imp at heart."

_Mister Beelzebub attacked me? No... he wouldn't do something like that. He'd never hurt me. W-would he?_ Rosalia thought.

Bael pushed her back. "Cutie, you should leave. I'm gonna beat some sense into this shitstain."

"No... don't hurt Mister Beelzebub. He's just confused. It's Ose's fault! She-"

"I'm afraid not," Bael said, interrupting her. "Beelzebub's always been like this. Leave. You shouldn't be with a guy like him."

Beelzebub leaned past Bael's body. "Yeah! Leave! You heard him!!"

Tears streamed down Rosalia's face. This time, a familiar sensation accompanied them.

_Pain. Anguish._ Rosalia thought.

_Mister Beelzebub doesn't love me. It's true. Oh, my devils... it's true. I don't understand. What did I do wrong? What did... I... do wrong...?_ Rosalia thought.

Slowly, Rosalia took a few steps back. A portal opened nearby, and a demon stepped into the Annex from the Labyrinth. She quickly dashed toward it before it closed. One of the guards spotted her. "Hey! No cutting in line, you ugly-"

His words cut off as she leapt through, and the portal sealed behind her.

The tears continued to rage, but she fought off the urge to bawl like a baby. _I can't weep. Mister Beelzebub always says it's ugly when a woman does that. I'm not ugly... I'm... I'm beautiful!_ Rosalia thought.

"Hey! Who're you?" A squeaky voice at her feet made Rosalia jump in fright. She glanced down to see two imps standing together in the darkened hallway. "We were supposed to send a chump through, not get an orc back!"

Rosalia didn't know where she was. Quickly, she sniffled and wiped away her tears, then looked around. The Labyrinth stretched off into the distance. Torches lined the walls, some burnt-out while others sputtered enough to give off faint light, but fear entered the back of her mind. _This place creeps me out._ Rosalia thought.

"W-where am I?"

The first imp rolled his eyes. "Faith's End. Duh. The sensation of foreboding and terror didn't clue you in?"

The second imp slapped the first. "Ylvusk, knock it off. No reason t' piss off one of the Agents."

Rosalia stared at the second imp. "I... I'm sorry, Agents?"

Ylvusk held up a hand. "No, no, don't ask. If you let Tvoorik run his mouth, he'll never shut up. He always blabs about his dumb conspiracies."

Rosalia nodded slowly and wiped away the last few tears, only for memories of Beelzebub to make them come rushing back. She flopped to the ground and stared ahead dejectedly, crying even more. "Uwahh... it hurts..."

Tvoorik grumbled. "Cripes. Those damn Agents are improving. Now they're using emotional manipulation to lower our defenses." The sound of flesh hitting flesh echoed off the wall. Rosalia didn't see what happened, because she was rubbing her eyes, but Tvoorik yelped. "Ow! What'd ya do that for, jackass?"

"_You're_ the jackass! Stop being rude to the orc-lady." Ylvusk growled at his friend. "She's in distress, moron."

Tvoorik went silent for a few moments. Rosalia glanced toward them, and he stared at her quizzically. "Hmm. I think she's a demon, not an orc."

"Huh? No way! Look at her face."

"Her skin is red. Have you ever seen a red orc?" Tvoorik went quiet. "Come to think of it, that might be part of the Emperor's dastardly game. Genetic engineering."

"Jenuh-what? Stop making up words, dumbass."

"I'm not! It's a real thing!"

"Yeah, sure it is."

The two imps bickered with each other, and Rosalia watched silently. They talked about her almost as though she wasn't sitting beside them. She had never seen anything like it in her life.

Rosalia interrupted them after a minute. "S-sorry, I didn't mean to intrude. I just got dumped by the guy I liked... and now I don't know what to do."

Tvoorik glared at her. "I see why. You've got a face only a broodmother would love. Yeesh."

Ylvusk slapped him. "Stop being an asshole!"

Tvoorik rubbed his arm. "What? It's the truth! I'm surprised she could get a guy in the first place. It's like I said, man, the overcrowding is all part of the NLO's plot to destabilize us! The women get uglier; there are fewer succubus babes... soon everyone will look like-"

Rosalia shook her head. "You're not very nice."

"Of course not. I'm a straight-shooter. I tell the truth even if it imperils my life." Tvoorik glanced around shiftily. "Besides, you never know who's listening in. Bloody Oracles, always looking for dissidents. At least if I go missing, it'll prove I was right all along."

"One less annoying mouse in the Labyrinth." Ylvusk leaned against the wall and looked at her. "So your guy dumped you, huh? That sucks. Still, coming to the Labyrinth's prison was a mistake. Ain't no place for a lady."

"I didn't mean to come here. I was distraught and ran into the first portal I saw. I'll leave."

Slowly, Rosalia stood up and dusted herself off. Her black dress with its white frills along the edges seemed drab and bland compared to how it looked yesterday. _Did it change, or did I?_ Rosalia thought.

_The only thing that changed was Mister Beelzebub. He used to love me until... until t-that floozy lied to him! She messed with his head! I hate Ose!! What does she have that I don't? Nothing! She's a stuck-up snotty bitch! She doesn't care about Mister Beelzebub at all!!_ Rosalia thought.

Ylvusk poked Rosalia's leg. "You're leaving?"

"Yeah! I don't know where to go, though. Mister Beelzebub won't let me come back to the mansion. It's all Ose's fault!"

"Ose?" Tvoorik piped up. "The new Emperor?"

"Mhm. She took Mister Beelzebub away and whispered lies in his ear, and now he doesn't love me anymore."

A sudden chill washed down the corridor. Cold air blew across Rosalia's skin, making her bristle.

Tvoorik and Ylvusk went silent. They turned around and looked down the hall.

Ylvusk bit his lip. "Shit. It's the boss. And here we are, standing around twiddling our thumbs!"

Tvoorik looked uneasy. "We should go. Sorry, lady. Hope your boyfriend problems work out, but we gotta bail."

"Uh... uh huh?"

Rosalia stared at the demons quizzically. They dashed away in the opposite direction of the icy draft. A moment later, the sound of heavy footsteps approached.

_Thud._ One, two, three, _thud._ One, two, three, _thud._

A faint red glow at the end of the hallway sent a shiver down Rosalia's spine. She wanted to run, but she couldn't. Her body froze in place. A massive monster emerged from the darkness, its body an amalgamation of horrors. Glowing eyes spread across its arms, legs, and chest. Four arms with razor-sharp talons at the end scraped the walls. Two heads stared at her, one with a birdlike beak, and the other with three eyes. The one on the right lolled about aimlessly, while the one on the left gazed at her with a piercing stare capable of penetrating concrete.

The monster spoke. Its hard, rough voice scraped her ears like sandpaper. "Did you speak Ose's name? Here... in _my_ prison?"

Rosalia's eyes widened. _Oh, sweet and salty devils... he's the prison-warden; the demon whispered about only in rumors..._ Rosalia thought.

"G-Gress...il?"

The horrific abomination slowly stomped toward her. It didn't take long before he was a mere twenty feet away. A single horn on each head reached up and scraped the walls and ceiling, creating a grinding noise that made her grit her teeth. He positively dwarfed her with his size.

Gressil stopped five feet from her. Rosalia had to strain her neck to look up at him, but her gaze tore back and forth from his empty gaze to the dozens of eyes twitching around on his body.

"Answer me, little demon. Did you speak my sister's name?"

Rosalia squeaked out a reply. "Y-yes?"

_The Demon Emperor is his sister? I had no idea. Oh, god... he's going to kill me for speaking out against her. I know it. I can't escape. Just one look at him and I know he could kill me effortlessly. Even Mister Beelzebub wouldn't stand a chance!_ Rosalia thought.

"What did you say about her? Tell me."

Rosalia's voice shook. "I-I said she w-was a very sweet, k-kind, c-caring person... Mister Gressil, sir... Eee!" She cowered back as the demon leaned toward her.

"You praised my sister?"

"Y-yes! I did! I'm a good girl!"

Gressil narrowed his eyes. "I despise liars."

"Okay! I'm s-sorry! Don't hurt me! I shouldn't have lied! Hnn..." Rosalia closed her eyes and turned away, hoping he would at least finish her off quickly.

"Ose... my _beloved_ little sister. My worst enemy. It appears you hold a grudge against her. Tell me why."

Rosalia's body trembled. _His worst enemy? What is he talking about? I don't understand!_ Rosalia thought.

After a few moments, she swallowed bile. Her heart threatened to shut down. "S-she told lies to Beelzebub. H-he's the demon I love, and she stole him from me. You're not going to k-kill me, are you?!"

"Far from it. Fascinating." The prison warden rumbled in his throat. "Hmm... I spoke to her not half an hour ago. Ose didn't mention Beelzebub at all. More secrets, as always."

"MORE SECRETS. HAHAHA!" The second head suddenly screamed out loud, making Rosalia jump out of her skin. "No secrets! Hate them! Hate order!"

Rosalia raised her eyes to the three-eyed head. Thin strands of hair rolled off it, spilling across Gressil's body. They were caked in dirt, and even with five feet separating them, Gressil's stench washed over her. She fought the urge to gag with all her strength.

"Guh... what do you want from me, Mister Gressil, sir? I didn't mean to come here! I didn't-"

"Quiet." Gressil glared at her, and Rosalia's mouth slammed shut. "I'm thinking."

They stood in silence, the sounds of his labored breathing filling the time.

After a minute, Gressil raised his upper right arm. Rosalia flinched, expecting him to attack her, but he merely scratched his head. "You work for Beelzebub?"

"No... he 'fired' me a little while ago. Th-that's why I'm here, now."

"If I let you go... where will you return?"

A spark of hope ignited in Rosalia's heart. _He wants to let me go?! Oh gosh, that's great news! I can't believe it! Am I saved?!_ Rosalia thought.

"I-I don't know. Mister Beelzebub threw me out. I think m-maybe the Catacombs?"

An unpleasant gurgle erupted from Gressil's throat. "Hu-hu-hu... I don't think so. You work for _me_ now. Understand?"

A shadow fell across Rosalia's body. The massive demon took a menacing step toward her. "Your life was forfeit when you entered my domain. All who arrive uninvited leave only with my permission."

Rosalia nodded rapidly. "Y-yes sir! Yes sir! I understand!"

Gressil turned his first head toward the second, three-eyed one. "Wake up. It's present time."

"PRESENT TIME! HAHAHAHA!! I LOVE PRESENT TIME!!" The second head screamed maniacally, and before Rosalia could react, it lunged a hand at her face. A single eyeball embedded in the palm was all she saw in the split second before it grabbed and slammed her against the wall.

Dizziness overtook her. Her body increased in weight, as a thousand anvils began to compress her chest.

Rosalia couldn't speak. She couldn't scream. She couldn't even breathe!

A bloodshot eye appeared in the darkness. The freakish specter shook and trembled as it approached her.

"Is it friend? Is it foe? Is it mine from head to toe?"

Rosalia tried to shake her head, but nothing happened. She couldn't move. All she could do was watch as the eye slowly closed in on her immobile body.

"Do what Gressil says, you will. Make no sound, not even a squeak, then be still."

Something drilled into her ear. The piercing agony made her want to cry, as a creature burrowed deeply. She felt it wriggle around and slide through her brain, down her throat, and stop somewhere near her stomach. Terror filled her mind, but she couldn't fight back.

"A gift we give, be glad you live. For us, you toil, conflict, you embroil."

The eye pulled away. A moment later, the sensation of weight fled Rosalia's body. Gressil's hand left her face, and she flopped forward, slamming onto her knees in the process.

It took a moment for her to move. Everything hurt in a way she had never felt before. _It feels as though fire-ants are crawling in my blood._ Rosalia thought.

"You have a little potential, demoness, and now you work for me. Go to the Core."

Rosalia coughed, causing green fluid to leak from her mouth. "Unnf... wh-what? The... the Core? Where humans live?"

"That's right. They accept weak, pathetic demons like yourself. Go there. Await my orders. In time, you will carry out my will."

Something wriggled around inside her, rubbing her chest bone and sending an electric shock up her spine. She squeezed out a few tears and pulled herself up. "Nnn... yes... I'll do it. Just don't hurt me anymore, please..."

Suddenly, Gressil grabbed her by her hair and lifted her. His eyes glowed brighter than before, and he snarled at her. "I do what I please with my slaves, little wench. Get out of my sight."

A moment later, Gressil flung her through the air. Rosalia plummeted to the floor and landed on her arm. A bone-snapping _crack_ erupted in the darkness. "Aaaiiee!!"

Gressil turned and walked away. A soft gurgle escaped his lips, as he laughed to himself.

"Hu-hu-hu..."

The darkness swallowed him whole.

A minute later, Rosalia ended up shaking and shivering, all by her lonesome.

She pulled her beaten body up, sniffling as fresh tears dripped down her face.

_Ose... it's all her fault. I had everything until she took it from me. Now I'm the slave of an evil monster, and I'm too weak to do anything about it._ Rosalia thought.

A voice whispered in her mind.

**That isn't true... you can change. You have the power, now. You don't need anyone else.**

_Who's that? Who's speaking?_ Rosalia thought.

The voice chuckled.

**I'm you... but stronger.**
