The Duke of Pain and the Emperor of Annihilation waited patiently for Mephisto's return. The Duke of Mist had left not long ago on a mission to visit the Oracles, beings who possessed the means to see all corners of the Labyrinth at once. Bael and the Emperor sat at a section of the Labyrinth not far from the River Styx while they awaited Mephisto's return.

"Come on, Mephisto... come on..." Bael paced back and forth, a look of annoyance etched into his face. Most of the light surrounding them came from glowstones embedded in the walls. Every so often, Bael's bare arm scraped against the rocky wall, chipping some of it away. It would regenerate, though. The Labyrinth always healed its wounds.

Satan, the original First Emperor, had been the greatest of their species. He had formed the Labyrinth as a place to protect demons from humans and angels. Their home, isolated in a pocket dimension, grew as time passed. It leeched minuscule amounts of spiritual energy from all its residents and continually expanded its borders. These days, the Labyrinth's size increased so slowly that it was scarcely noticeable. However, long ago, the Labyrinth had been an exploding fortress of intricate hallways that confused any who dared to invade it.

Satan had been one of the Emperor's best friends. Together, he and the Emperor had fought long and hard against not only the angels, but the humans as well.

The Emperor missed him.

"COME ON!" Bael punched a wall, sending a wave of pressure flowing throughout the hallway. "Gah! Deebs, it's been weeks! When's that fucking ghost gonna get off his ass and come back! Why I oughta..."

"Calm yourself, Bael," the Emperor replied. "Mephisto barely left a day ago. You need a better sense of time. And patience."

The Duke of Pain glowered at the Emperor. "I wanna tear that skinny broad apart. How can you be all calm and shit after what she did to Barbatos?! She's gettin' stronger by the second!"

The Emperor raised an eyebrow. "Oh? Are you scared? I thought you liked it when women fought back."

Bael rolled his eyes. "You know what I meant." He paused. "Ehh, come to think of it, maybe you're right. Waitin' around sucks, though. Ain't nothin' happening. We could at least go to the torture pits or the Slaughterseum!"

The Emperor curled his lip up in disgust. "That's _your_ fetish, not mine. Mephisto should be back soon. Umi will know where the Black Queen is."

Bael stood up straight, and his horns scraped the ceiling. He crossed his arms and started pacing back and forth. "Umi, Umi, Umi. How do we know these Oracles are any good? What makes Umi so special?"

"You don't know? I thought I told you about her before."

Bael shrugged and etched a circle into the stone with his finger. "Ehh, you prolly did."

"And you forgot?"

"Maybe."

_This damned hallway was too narrow. Maybe Bael had a point. The Emperor would have liked to relax somewhere rather than stand around waiting._ the Emperor thought. A yawn took him for a moment as he stretched and bumped the ceiling with his arms.

"Umi was the Emperor's best Oracle. Her predictions had never failed, and her findings were accurate. Marie had assured the Emperor of that much."

"Marie? You mean that redheaded bitch?"

"Yes. _The redheaded... bitch._" The Emperor's tone frosted over noticeably. He wasn't a demon that regarded females as inferiors, partially because Belial had flattened him out a few times. Bael, however, wasn't sophisticated enough to treat the female demons, let alone humans, with any dignity.

Bael ignored the Emperor's annoyance. "Big whoopee fuckin' deal. Oh wow, she has an Oracle of her own. We should kill her and use our Oracles instead. You can't trust a human, as they say."

"We can't kill her, even if I wanted to... which I don't. First Emperor's orders."

Bael's attitude worsened. "Oh, sure! The First Emperor! Who does he think he is, anyway?! Some upstart who won't even show his face! That's who he is! He's too scared to come out and reveal himself!"

"Bael. You'd do well to calm yourself." The Emperor's frosty tone turned to ice. "The Overlords are terrified of the First Emperor. That's enough evidence of his power for me. Any more insubordination, and I'll break your jaw. The last thing I want are rumors floating around that we aren't pleased with his performance. As long as the Overlords aren't increasing their demands-"

The Emperor paused suddenly and looked down the hallway. "Who's there?"

Bael, confused, turned to follow the Emperor's gaze. Moments passed with no response. "You going crazy? Ain't nobody-"

"I can sense energy down that hall. Demonic."

From the darkness, someone coughed. A flame ignited, and the Emperor immediately recognized Beelzebub's face as he winced and clutched his side. He squinted at them. "Ah... Emperor Diablo? Duke of Pain? I'm relieved to see you."

Beelzebub walked toward them with a look of distress etched into his face. His suit, usually in excellent condition, was torn to ribbons. It hung off his body in strips, barely concealing his demonhood.

Bael snorted. "The fuck happened to you?"

The Emperor raised his hand. "Silence, Bael. I'll ask the questions. Beelzebub, where have you been? I sent you to fetch an Oracle. Last time I saw you, you were naked, yet now you wear half a suit."

Beelzebub nodded. "I traveled with Rosalia... kah..." He coughed and slowed to a stop in front of the Emperor. "Out of nowhere, a hundred humans attacked us. I told her to flee, and I took out the wretched filth myself. During the battle, I captured one of them and forced him to tell me where they were from. He said they were a commando force from the Core."

"The Core?" The Emperor rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "I've heard rumors. Nobody can approach it due to a powerful weapon protecting the Great Doors."

Beelzebub nodded. "The human commandos were heavily armed. They had armaments I'd never seen before... like something from the Energy Wars."

Bael smirked. "How would you know about weapons from those ancient times? You're still a whelp."

Beelzebub scowled at Bael. "My mentor taught me a great many things. I listen and learn, unlike you."

"Hey!" Bael started to clench a fist, but the Emperor stopped him.

"Easy, Bael. You deserve that." Turning back to Beelzebub, the Emperor asked, "What happened next?"

"They had four automated turrets guarding the entrance. I blasted them apart, then smashed the Great Doors off their hinges. Assaulting the Core and wiping out the majority of their reserves was a simple task for one as powerful as I. Even their Energy War weaponry wasn't enough to slow me down."

Bael leaned against the wall. "Not bad. A whole bunch of Lords went there a few months back and got torn apart. Only a few survived."

"Yes, Bael is right," the Emperor added. "Still, if you had such an easy time, then... why are you so disheveled?"

Beelzebub lowered his gaze. "As I said... everything was going perfectly according to plan. However, out of nowhere, a demon appeared. He assumed my form, copying my looks exactly, and defeated me swiftly. It all happened so fast... I don't know his identity, but he warned me that the Core would be under his protection."

"A shapeshifter?" The Emperor stared incredulously at Bael. "And a high-ranking one by the sounds of it. Only a few individuals come to mind."

"You know damn well who it was!" Bael replied, a snarl in his voice. He slammed his fist into the wall. "That floozy skank whore! Belial! I knew she'd join the humans! She has no loyalty to our kind!"

"Now, now..." The Emperor quickly moved to calm Bael down. He was a handful when he got pissed. "You don't know it was Belial. Even for her, this was stooping a bit low."

Beelzebub rubbed his chest and stood up a little straighter. "We're fortunate I entered the Core. Now we know the humans are planning to fight back. If that copycat was Belial, then they have a powerful ally working alongside them."

The Emperor nodded appreciatively and patted the Lord of Fire on his shoulder. "You did well to bring me this news, Beelzebub. You should go and rest in the Blood Pits. I will have Mephisto deliver a message for Hellga when you arrive, so she knows I'm authorizing your treatment. Entering the lair of the enemy alone is quite remarkable."

"Did sssomeone sssay my name?" 

Mephisto's voice hissed from the wall. A moment later, he appeared, popping out and floating toward them. "I have ssspoken to the Oraclesss. Asss usssual, Umi hasss provided me with the location of the portal."

"Excellent. Mephisto, you'll need to bring your A-game. I want all of your undead legions there. We'll take no chances against the Black Queen. I've just learned from Beelzebub that Belial won't assist us in this battle."

Mephisto's red eyes jerked to Beelzebub. "At leassst you're wearing more clothesss than lassst time."

"Shut up," Beelzebub replied, glaring at the Duke of Mist. He turned to the Emperor. "Diablo. I ask that you allow me to join you. I wish to fight the Black Queen."

Bael smirked. "You did well, little Lord. But taking out a bunch of humans and monsters ain't like fightin' the Black Queen. It ain't a battle for weaklings to get swept up in, not unless you like dying."

Beelzebub bristled. "Weakling? That word no longer describes me. I am a Baron now, on par with President Ose. I have evolved."

It took the Emperor a moment to hide his surprise. Looking up, he noticed Beelzebub's horns were slightly bigger than the last time he had seen him. "You evolved? When? How? I never authorized you to receive souls from Styx."

Beelzebub chuckled for several moments. "Heh heh heh... You're not dealing with the average demon warrior anymore, Diablo. I've risen beyond the limits of a normal demon. I possess Soulfire, a secret power belonging only to the most legendary purebloods. I used it to reap the souls of humans and monsters as I slew them, and achieved the rank of Baron in a matter of seconds."

Bael and the Emperor shared another moment as they eyed each other. Bael spoke first. "You're too dramatic, kid, but I'm still impressed. Only a few purebloods I've known could summon it. They're all dead, now."

The Emperor smiled politely at the young demon. _Beelzebub was cocky; overconfident. Then again, maybe he deserved to be. Something about him reminded the Emperor of Satan. It might have been his attitude, his willingness to take risks for the good of demonkind. Charging into the enemy base to gather intel might have been foolhardy, but damn if the Emperor wasn't impressed._ the Emperor thought.

_It would have been a shame if they lost him._ the Emperor thought.

"Beelzebub. You're in no condition to fight. If you want to come along, we'll have our hands full battling the Black Queen. We can't protect you."

Beelzebub nodded and straightened up. He stopped holding his gut, and inhaled. "I know. She murdered my mentor. I owe her fire and retribution in response. Besides... I can handle myself."

With that little speech, Beelzebub grabbed his left arm's bicep with his right hand, grunted, and tore the limb off without blinking. His shoulder stump erupted into a fountain of blood.

Bael took a step back. "W-what the hell?! You're crazy! What are you doing, idiot?!"

Beelzebub's expression darkened. Flames erupted from his stump. "I am the Baron of Flames. Born of the primordial inferno, I have unlocked the power of the Phoenix. My strength will only increase as time passes."

Slowly, the Emperor inhaled.

_Seven Devils. It was... it was just like Satan. The Emperor couldn't believe what he was seeing._ the Emperor thought.

Several moments passed. Beelzebub's stump sealed up, and bone and skin began rapidly expanding from it, forming a new arm.

The Emperor stared at his regenerated limb. _How many demons had the Emperor seen with such an incredible regenerative ability? Too few... not nearly enough. The Archangels had wiped them all out. But... without the Archangels around, he might become an invincible warrior._ the Emperor thought.

"Very well. You may follow. I look forward to seeing your performance on the battlefield. Don't die, Beelzebub. Someday, you may end up standing where I am now."

Beelzebub smiled. "I will reach even higher."

Mephisto glared at Beelzebub's back. "Tch. We'll sssee about that."