Part 441: Karma and Chaos
Part 441: Karma and Chaos

"Mildred?" Jason repeats. "Do you mean-"

"I think you know already." Rebecca quickly says with a perfunctory smile, while glancing around. Jason realizes he nearly made a mistake by bringing up Marie's treasure trove of artifacts, an existence which the Volgrim should hopefully still be in the dark about.

And in that moment, several other realizations come to him.

_Mad Madam Mildred. Julius Caesar. Tucker... all those Heroes! They're inside Marie Becker's underground facility!_

Jason's heart skips a beat. Neither he nor Rebecca says anything for a moment, but they both come to a mutual understanding while Phoebe raises her eyebrows multiple times in bewilderment.

"Um. Am I missing something??" Phoebe finally asks.

Jason nods. "**Privacy. Barrier. Silence. Opaque...**"

He fires off more than two dozen words, largely committed to memory by now, enveloping the trio with an impenetrable but invisible barrier that will prevent anyone from seeing, hearing, or reading the thoughts of those inside.

Jason smiles at Rebecca. "So, Marie has-"

"Are you sure we're alone inside here?" Rebecca asks curtly. "Are we the only three present?"

The Wordsmith frowns. But then, he realizes what she means.

_All this time, I've been creating the barrier and simply assuming it gives me perfect privacy. But Demila can turn herself invisible. What if she stood beside me while I made the barrier and secretly remained inside? I'd spout off all my secrets and she'd hear every word! Hmm..._

Inside Jason's head, Fiona hears her husband's thoughts. She looks up from her current spiritual engineering project and blinks. "I hadn't even thought of that myself. You should triple-scan the area, just to be sure."

Jason nods, all while his real-wife looks increasingly more and more annoyed at the lack of explanations. Jason fires off another dozen Words of Power to scan the area and search for any hints of a hidden intruder, but he doesn't find any.

"Alright..." Jason says. "I think it's just the three of us now."

Rebecca nods. "I can detect when Psions are hidden nearby. I already knew we were alone. But I believed it would be prudent to make sure _you_ thought to check as well."

She turns to Phoebe.

"My apologies for my rather rude and abrupt intrusion. I've come on behalf of humanity's foremost genius, Marie Becker. She would like to invite your husband to the Remnant Oasis to speak to him. Of course, you are free to come as well."

Phoebe nods. "Jason told me about Marie a few months back, but he never mentioned a... Mildred?"

She looks at Jason questioningly, but before Jason can explain, Rebecca raises her hand.

"Marie Becker did not inform me about the significance of 'Mildred,' she only told me that it was a name that should greatly interest you. She also advised that I not dig any deeper. If you wish to inform your wife, please do so when I am not around."

He nods. "Fair enough. Well, I had other things to do, but now I can sufficiently say nothing matters more than visiting Marie. Although... will this take long?"

"It shouldn't require more than a day or two of your time." Rebecca answers. "Why? Are you in a rush?"

"This wouldn't be an ideal time for Phoebe and I to both disappear," Jason explains. "You see, we just had a bit of a _thing_ happen with Neil..."

He proceeds to fill in Rebecca on the recent happenings, while Phoebe chimes in with her own observations here and there.

Ultimately, Rebecca sighs and rubs her forehead. "Humanity and the demons will not go to war in the next day or two. I have it on good faith that Hope is currently spending some time learning about the different artifacts that have fallen under his control. Miss Becker is quite good at predicting the behavior of others, you see."

Jason nods slowly. "Well, alright then. Phoebe, you want to go?"

His wife shrugs. "I do have a lot to work on..."

"Marie has a bunch of super high-tech gadgets though." Jason says. "I know Fiona REALLY enjoyed getting a look at-"

"Well you should have led with that!" Phoebe interrupts. "Heck yes, I'm going. Rebecca, lead the way."

The brown-haired woman nods. Jason removes the barrier shielding them, and they begin to walk toward the Warpgate.

"Rebecca's an android, you know." Jason says to Phoebe. "Pretty advanced too."

"It's true!" Rebecca chirps. "I abandoned my flesh-vessel tens of millennia ago."

"Oh how interesting!" Phoebe exclaims, even more excited than before. "Can you tell me about yourself? I have quite a fascination with robotics and advanced technology, you see."

"Of course." Rebecca says. "I'm something of a scientist myself."

---

_Not long before._

After leaving Jason and Phoebe's side, Demila flickers thirty miles to the north, walking across space with ease. She travels the entire distance in a single second by shrinking the gap between her current position and intended destination, then taking a single step forward.

Like several other High Psions, Demila's mastery of Spatial Psionics has reached a profound level. While she might not compare to the mightiest Executor, Nufaris, let alone the Second Founder, Dosena, Demila stands alongside Vulpanix as one of the greatest Spatial Psions in the modern Volgrim Empire.

Demila arrives on the random mountaintop and turns to focus her attention on the area she just left. With her superior psionic senses, especially given her role as a scouting and investigatory specialist, she can easily count the number of leaves on a flower halfway across the planet, let alone a mere thirty miles.

_Vulpanix will revive in three or four cycles._ Demila thinks. _Before then, I must continue to observe humanity's movements and perform my secret mission. The Second Wordsmith's next actions will assuredly upend the current regime on Tarus II dramatically. It would be best if I can locate the ten kilogram Trifrancium deposit before we lose all further opportunities at doing so._

Indeed, having long ago learned about the lost deposit of Trifrancium, the most valuable warp-empowering substance in the known universe, the Volgrim have been secretly attempting to locate it. Yet, even after searching through the memories of multiple human leaders, including Neil Adams, Demila has failed to uncover its hiding spot.

Her eyes flicker as she senses a third presence approaching Jason and Phoebe. Before long, the Terrandroid known as Rebecca vanishes along with the other two, hidden by Jason's Wordsmithing.

Demila scowls. _Again with that Wordsmithed barrier. How frustrating that even I cannot peer into its confines..._

Demila tries to focus her psionic powers to the point that she can pierce the veil of secrecy shrouding Jason, Phoebe, and Rebecca's discussion, but at that moment, a flicker of movement startles her!

[Who's there?!] Demila roars, spinning around to look at a spot barely a hundred feet behind her.

To Demila's surprise, a single human male sits on a rock, staring at her back. The kindly-looking man appears to be of Asian descent, specifically Japanese. He smiles at her, exposing his teeth.

"Creator Demila. Ahh, how nice to see you again."

Demila's heartbeat quickens. [You snuck up on me! Impossible! I should have detected you the moment I entered this area! What mere mud-dweller possesses the skills to evade this Creator's senses?!]

The man shrugs lightly, as if her angry tone has absolutely no effect on him. His clean brown hair and simple peasant-clothes give him a humble air, but even as Demila fully focuses her attention on him, she finds that she still has trouble fully comprehending his existence.

"So rude." The man says. "This isn't the first time we've met, yet you act as if I'm some unknown monster. How shameful for a lauded High Psion to have such a sloppy memory."

Hearing the firmness in the man's voice, Demila's mind races. She tries to recall any past instance of meeting this human, but her interactions with the people of Tarus II have already been essentially nonexistent.

She ultimately pulls up the names of every human on Tarus II, a feat she can easily perform thanks to her psionically enhanced brain and having casually read all of their information through a Changeling report.

[Hm? You are... Makoto Ueda?] Demila asks, now even more baffled than before. [We have never spoken! If you are a Changeling attempting to prank me, you will not live past the next standard time-unit!]

"A Changeling?" Makoto says lazily. "No, no. Not quite. It seems you really have forgotten. Let me give you a hint. We last met on Earth, over 100,000 years ago..."

[Earth?] Demila asks, frowning deeply. [Humans cannot live that long. Only the ones kept alive by Bahamut's magic could, and I am still certain we have... never... met...]

She trails off, but begins to feel a deep doubt.

After all, something about this man and the way he speaks _does_ seem a little familiar.

"I'll quit playing around." He says, slapping his crossed knees. "Once, I was known as Siddhartha Gautama. But you would remember me as... _Buddha_."

A pulse of shock races through Demila's body. She quickly takes a step back and looks at the man with fear.

[The Undying Hero! The Reincarnator! It cannot be! We confirmed that you failed to resurrect! Earth's destruction should have finally obliterated your last vestiges! How can you be here now?!]

"Such a loving tone." Buddha says mildly. "It almost sounds like you would have been happier, had I died."

Demila's eyes glow with power. [Reviving must have taken up a tremendous amount of your strength... if I kill you now, you won't return!]

Her threat splashes against Siddhartha's face harmlessly. He stares at her silently, as if she were a huge idiot.

"Hoho. Well, go ahead then, roll that dice. I'm sure I _definitely_ will not return yet again. And here I was going to make you quite a generous offer..."

Demila hesitates. She stares with deep suspicion at the fearsome human, the creature capable of reviving from death a seemingly infinite number of times.

[...What cursed deal could you possibly offer to me that I would foolishly accept?]

"I am not your enemy, dear False Creator." Buddha says mildly. "I am only the servant of Karma. I follow the True Creator's will. And he has... an enemy... he wishes for you to eliminate."

[I already have many enemies.] Demila says, standing up a little straighter. [Do not speak as if I am some Earth-Mutt you can send to attack your adversaries.]

"Your enemy is my enemy. And my enemy is yours." Buddha says cryptically.

At this point, after growing more and more annoyed by the Undying Hero's words, Demila summons her psionic power to attempt to read his mind. But instead of uncovering Buddha's thoughts, she shockingly finds that there are two minds inside of his skull, and she can only read the thoughts of the slumbering one.

[Your soul has possessed the original Makoto Ueda's body!] Demila exclaims. [How vile! Especially for a so-called 'Hero!']

"These are dangerous times. Dark times." Buddha says cryptically. "But enough with the word games. I'll say it plainly..."

He rises from the rock and stands up, assuming a dignified stance.

"The enemy I wish for you to kill is none other than the Demon Emperor of Chaos. _Gressil._"

Demila narrows her eyes. [Gressil? He is indeed a top target of mine. But I am not supposed to kill him. Founder Unarin has ordered me to capture him alive.]

"Gressil is too powerful. Too elusive." Buddha says. "You will fail. Only by working with me will you be able to find and kill him. He must not be allowed to live any longer."

[Why are you so set on killing this Demon Emperor?] Demila asks, now much more interested in Buddha's proposition than before. [And how can you possibly assist me when you no longer have any Heroic powers? You will not be able to locate him where I have failed.]

"Indeed, I lack Heroic magic." Buddha says, blinking sagely. "But my abilities have not been entirely crippled. I am a servant of the Creator. I am the Envoy of Karma. Gressil is... the Envoy of Chaos."

Demila cocks her head. [The Envoys of Karma and Chaos? These titles certainly sound pretty, but I have not heard them before. Elaborate.]

Slowly, Buddha nods. He begins to pace back and forth while folding his hands behind his back.

"There are four forces which govern our universe. They go by the names of Luck, Destiny, Karma, and Chaos. All have their roles to play. All are powerful in their own way. Each has but one Envoy in every galaxy. I am the Milky Way's Envoy of Karma, and Gressil is its Envoy of Chaos."

Intrigued, Demila carefully records Buddha's every word through Psionic Etching, taking care to preserve their exact contents for Unarin's benefit later.

"Who are the Envoys of Luck and Destiny, then?" Demila asks.

"When the time is appropriate, they will reveal themselves." Buddha answers. "Until they do, it is not my place to say."

[Then you know of their identities.] Demila asks, her tone rhetorical.

Buddha ignores her query. "Karma is a word which describes what you might call the Principle of Certainty. Every action has an equal and opposite reaction. The fate one weaves for themselves, through the words they utter and the choices they make, ultimately creates their Karma. When they die, the Karma they have accumulated will manifest in a manner most appropriate to their personage."

He continues. "Chaos is the opposite. It is the principle of uncertainty. Randomness. The Envoy of Chaos seeks to spread discontent and failure everywhere he goes. Death is not the end goal, nor is destruction. But by its very nature, excessive Chaos leads to such."

"It seems that killing the Envoy of Chaos would lead to a galaxy ruled by Karma." Demila observes. "That seems a positive result."

"Karma is neither inherently good nor evil." Buddha states, while pacing back and forth. "It merely... 'Is'. A galaxy ruled exclusively by Karma would be one where all actions are set in stone. There can be no unforeseen events. If two humans were to copulate, the result would always be a child. If a ship were properly maintained, it would never break down. If a man were to murder another man, he would immediately die afterward as well, regardless of the goodness or badness of who he killed."

"But aside from Karma and Chaos, the other two principles have their own merits." Buddha continues. "Luck is similar to Chaos, a counterbalance of sorts. Where Chaos seeks to create uncertainty that divides and corrodes, Luck seeks to create uncertainty that uplifts and transcends. This may seems positive to you, but suppose the Plague were to encounter great fortune and massively expand their capabilities? Their good luck would be your bad luck. And thus, it would create Chaos."

[Luck seems a nebulous trait of the universe.] Demila remarks. [It benefits all equally, or perhaps not at all. It might be there, or it might not.]

"Destiny is the final of the four universal forces." Buddha concludes. "Destiny and Fate are seemingly the same, but they have different connotations. A man may be _fated_ to die, but he may also be _destined_ for greatness. When one's actions lead to a negative end, we say that it was their fate. When one's actions lead to a positive end, we say that it was their destiny. In this way, the two can be considered to be extensions of Karma more than Chaos."

[I see.] Demila says quietly. [But you contradict yourself, Undying Hero. You state that all four have a role to play, yet you also wish for me to kill the Envoy of Chaos. Based on what you've said, it would be in my best interest to let the Demon Emperor known as Gressil live.]

"Chaos is like salt." Buddha says. "If I were to sprinkle some on my tongue, it might taste pleasant. But if I were to sprinkle a bit too much there, it would be quite vile. But what if I were to consume far too much of it?"

[You would die.] Demila says.

"Exactly." Buddha says. "Gressil has lived far too long as the Envoy of Chaos. He has mastered its powers to a frightening extent. He now threatens the balance of reality through his control of its might. My abilities can return, and they most certainly would, under normal circumstances. But in truth, I have already chosen a successor. It will take the young one time to reach Gressil's strength, time which he does not have. Once I fulfill my final obligations, I will be able to pass on my responsibilities to him."

Somewhat taken aback, Demila scrutinizes Buddha's face. [You... do you intend to die? Permanently?]

"I always have." Buddha says, his tone mild. "Do you think I chose this hellish existence? Dying, reincarnating, living out one meaningless existence after another? No. I only continued because of my obligation to the Creator. And soon, I will receive the release of death. It is one I have waited a long time to receive..."

[If Gressil dies, will another take his place?] Demila asks.

"In time." Buddha answers with a nod. "Always four envoys, there are. The previous Envoy of Destiny was none other than the Archangel Camael. With her death, that link was shattered. Now, Chaos has grown without resistance..."

[Mmm.] Demila grunts. [Then killing Gressil will only temporarily stop the spread of Chaos. Considering our galaxy's dire situation, I suppose I have no choice except to agree to your terms. But how will you go about tracking our target down? I have not caught even a trace of his trail...]

"He is my opposite." Buddha says simply. "I can see the ebb and flow of Karma. Where I do not see it flowing, that is where Chaos will be at its strongest. We need only follow that path to find the one we seek."

Demila grimaces. [To think a day would come where I would have to seek the assistance of a damned mud-dweller. Fine. You will take me to Gressil. I will kill him on the spot. A mere Demon Emperor cannot possibly stand a chance against this ancient Psion.]

"I should hope not." Buddha says. "But do not let your warrior spirit give you an inflated sense of confidence. Gressil is ever elusive... if he escapes, finding him again will take time."

Demila's eyes curve up into a vague smile.

[Then we had better move with haste.]