Part 573: New Horizons
Part 573: New Horizons

While the humans are rejoicing over the rise of Henry and mourning the loss of 10,000 good soldiers, the demons find themselves in a truly miserable state of affairs. Not one demon, except for perhaps Abby, the Baron of Happy Thoughts, is in a good headspace.

All the Demon Deities enter the Labyrinth, traveling to it either in person if they are a Bottom or Low Cosmic, or via Astral Forms if they are Middle Cosmics trapped on their homeworlds.

In total, over 100 Cosmic Demons band together in the same arena where Beelzebub once rose from Baron to Duke, and a smaller number of Emperors join them. In total, only ten Emperors hadn't ascended at the time of Diablo's death, making them the ultimate losers who have lost their chance at ascension.

Ultimately, they don't feel too bad about that fact. At the least, the difference between them and the Bottom Cosmics isn't too high, and they can always try and flee the Milky Way if the Plague charges, while the Low and Middle Cosmics will have to stand their ground and die.

A grim atmosphere pervades the congregation of demons. The Grunts, Lords, and Barons sit in the audience seats, while their Duke, Emperor, and Deity leaders stand in the central arena, with the lesser demons having no real say in the proceedings. This meeting is for the elites to determine the future of demon civilization, so they have the most say.

Among the demons, there are a couple conspicuous absences. Emperor Yumagi is not present, and neither is Gorn, Beelzebub, Kiari, or Belial. For the first two, they have their own circumstances to deal with, while the latter three are all demons aligned with humanity. This meeting is only for those who wholeheartedly support their own species' interests.

But one demon stands tall above the others. He is the Middle Cosmic who recently ascended through Diablo's power.

Auger, the Demon Deity of Civilizations.

More powerful than ever, Auger's seemingly fragile old-man body contains a boundless energy. He does not appear intimidating in the slightest, but he still retains all the same lethal power he did as an Emperor, dialed up a million times higher than before.

With Diablo gone, many demons subconsciously cannot help but look to Auger now as the de-facto leader of demonkind. His power is utterly unique, and he presents himself in a way that inspires at least a bit of hope among his peers.

"Everyone." Auger says, waving his hand lightly. "I know that today's events have unsettled you all."

His Astral Body might not be as formidable as the true bodies of Bottom and Low Cosmics, but it still possesses enough strength to wipe any mortal Emperor off the face of the map if they were to oppose him. He easily projects his voice outward so the arena full of demons can hear him.

"Diablo is dead." Auger says. "We have always known that Diablo possessed the incredible ability to regenerate from death in a manner similar to Satan and Beelzebub. During the War in Heaven, his body was crushed into pulp and yet he somehow revived in his Archdemon form. However, that is the extent of his ability. He was only able to revive in the Archdemon's body, but we never saw what happened if he was utterly obliterated once in that state."

Auger heaves a quiet sigh. "Now we know. He is dead. Well and truly eradicated from existence. All the Cosmics here have done their best to search for his body, but not even Serena was able to locate him. We must assume the worst and prepare for what may be our final battle."

Demon Deity Melody grimaces. She lowers her head, thinking private thoughts about how untenable the situation has become.

Kristoff's gaze is like steel. He gazes at Auger without any emotion, waiting only to see if this legendary figure will be able to pull a miracle out of his hat.

Serena, now the Soulmancer Deity, is also a Middle Cosmic like Kristoff and Auger. Her sightless eyes seem to penetrate all of creation, allowing her to see the fundamental laws comprising the souls of all around her, but even she is not certain what actions to take next.

Yardrat, the Temporal Deity, crosses his arms. "How should we proceed? We cannot evolve any further without Diablo. We never had a method to advance to Deity until he showed up. But at the same time, we have far more Middle Cosmics than the Volgrim. United, our military strength should be far above theirs."

"And yet our power amounts to nothing at all." Emperor Crow grumbles. "Kristoff and Melody were barely able to kill half a dozen Kolvaxians. Certainly, should those creatures show up on your homeworlds, you would do much more damage, but we need to be able to project military might across the galaxy, and that is where we fail."

Auger smiles and nods. "You are correct, Crow. And that is why I've gathered you all here today."

Everyone listens attentively as Auger begins to describe his new vision for the Demon Empire.

"In simple terms, we cannot win this war unless we unite." Auger explains. "I want every demon present, including my fellow Middle Cosmics, to submit to me."

"That's your plan?" Emperor Crow asks. "We all unite our abilities through you and thus we take over the galaxy? We need to have faith you won't abuse this ridiculous control to leave us defenseless even after we eradicate the Plague, assuming that's even possible?"

Bael, a Duke-Emperor hybrid with questionable status among his peers, chafes at Auger's statement. "Man! Get real, bub. Auger, there ain't no way we can just go along with such a dumb plan. Nobody's gonna trust you not to screw with 'em once this is all said 'n done."

"The humans have reawakened the power of a long-dormant Hero." Auger says calmly. "Jepthath. I think many of you should be familiar with his name."

At the mention of the Illuminator, Bael's face goes rigid. He momentarily recalls one of the most terrifying moments of his life, a single battle that shattered his faith in his own invincibility and left him mentally scarred.

"No... no way." Bael mutters. "It can't be him... that guy died a long time ago..."

Auger ignores the terror on Bael's face. "Jepthath's powers mirror my own. He is able to absorb the strengths, abilities, and knowledge of his subordinates. He passes them around, granting an exponential increase in power to his Legion as a whole. The more who join, the more potent the Legion's abilities become. Once any individual obtains a metaphysical ability, _all_ the members of his Legion will gain that ability."

Auger's expression becomes grim. "I won't lie. Jepthath's ability is similar to mine, but better in almost every way. If demonkind does not tap into my Power of Distribution, we will someday fall to the humans who have aligned with Jepthath. The only saving grace we have at present is the fact most humans are free-spirited and do not wish to submit to that ancient Hero-King. But as the Plague presses inward, will their compunctions hold? I think not."

Yardrat nods along to Auger's words. "I have said it once, and I will say it again. Auger has never mistreated me or my fellow demons. We have been subordinates of him for a hundred thousand years. When our territories were threatened, he distributed powers necessary to keep us alive. The more who join Auger, the more potent his abilities become. At the very least, demons possess magic far surpassing humanity. We can still defeat them with quality and quantity."

"I have already subjugated the Hell of Blood to Auger." Kristoff says. "You all know this. I regret nothing. I have also come under his power, so he can tap into my abilities at will, and channel additional abilities to me as needed."

Auger smiles at Kristoff, silently thanking him for speaking such words at this critical juncture.

"My abilities have become stronger than ever." Auger says, turning his attention back to the crowd. "Yardrat is only a Bottom Cosmic, yet when his powers are imparted upon Kristoff, they rise to the rank of Middle Cosmic. Do you understand what this means? I have one crucial advantage over Jepthath! He grants the abilities of all his subordinates to all his other subordinates at once, but the effects are drastically weakened based on their affinity. _Not so for me._ Kristoff is able to wield the full power of Yardrat's magic in addition to his own, making him a force to be feared!"

Bael listens silently to Auger's speech, and eventually he raises his hand.

"Hold up, bub. Are you tellin' me if I joined ya, I could use magic and stuff from other demons?"

"Naturally." Auger says with a nod. "You have lost all of your powers after transferring into Ose's body, but I could make you whole once more. Since you are a Duke possessing the body of an Emperor, you should be able to wield the power of an Emperor if I granted it to you, at least in theory."

More and more demons start to come around to Auger's offer. Right now, faced with the death of Diablo and the empowerment of the Plague, the demons urgently need a way to protect themselves. Many lower demons realize they won't benefit as much from obtaining Auger's power, but at the very least if they suck up to him and offer their currently low-level powers, he might see fit to protect them, or possibly even reward them.

Who knows whether or not one of the low level Grunts or Lords in the audience might end up possessing a unique ability that could win demonkind the war?

Even so, a few demons aren't convinced.

"I'm not interested." Melody says, crossing her arms. "This power comes at a cost. The price of giving up the entirety of demonkind to you, Auger, would mean throwing away our uniqueness. We would no longer be free, but serfs you could dispose of at any time."

"How dare you!" Yardrat snaps at Melody's astral form. "Auger would never do such a thing! You are slandering him!"

"I agree with Melody." Demon Deity Serena says. "I am loyal only to Gorn."

Auger frowns. "Gorn is merely an Emperor. With Diablo gone, he will never be able to ascend. Do you truly intend to follow the orders of a mere mortal when you yourself are so much more, Serena?"

"Caw-caw!" Crow snaps. "What do you mean ONLY an Emperor? Is that how you think of me too?!"

"You and Gorn are not the same." Auger quickly corrects. "Gorn has holed himself up uselessly at this time of demonkind's greatest need, while you have fought bravely on the frontlines. I would be honored if you joined my cause."

"I don't like you talking badly about Gorn." Crow says with a glare. "He is one of my closest comrades. We have ruled the Hell of Calamity together for many millennia. Good luck poaching someone else for your schemes."

A brief murmur goes around the crowd, but it quickly subsides.

"I am interested in joining Auger." Demon Deity Vespera declares. "I was but an ordinary Duke of the Hell of Blood until Glinch and Diablo both uplifted me. If my power can help to save demonkind, I will grant it freely."

Rhesus, the Emperor of Ripping, nods along to Vespera's words. "Me and _Ves_ go way back. If she's with Auger, then so am I."

Another nearby Emperor chimes in. "I'll stand with Auger."

"As will I." Vepar, the Demon Deity of Erosion adds.

"Me too."

"And me!"

"Not me, I'm out!"

"I'm not becoming Auger's slave."

"Neither am I!"

A multitude of voices go up around the crowd. Surprisingly, half of the Deities, Emperors, and Dukes present decide to go along with Auger's ambition. He smiles confidently, glad that so many have finally been swayed, but disappointed that just as many have refused.

_Damn that Melody._ Auger thinks to himself. _She was the most vocal when it came to opposing me. I will not forget this betrayal._

He keeps his anger hidden and raises a triumphant fist. "Everyone! If you stand beside me, I assure you our species will rise to a height it never could have imagined before! I will lead our species to galactic domination! Someday, we will mark Diablo's death as the beginning of our greatest upward swing in power!"

"Here, here!" The demons cheer.

"Let's go, Auger!" Others exclaim.

As for Bael, he listens to the roaring crowd and shrugs.

"Eh. Never mind. I'll just do my own thing."

Inside the Matriarch Armor, Ose glowers at Auger with deep mistrust.

_He'd never have tried this when I was around. It's too bad I'm not able to intervene and prevent these fools from chaining their ankles for the rest of eternity. Once one accepts Auger's deal, they can never break free. His power is just as absolute as Satan's Soul Contracts._

_These damned idiots..._

---

_On the world of Volgarius, inside the Founder's Ring Finger._

"Fourth Founder. Thank you for meeting me on such short notice."

Founder Cuanali, leader of the Technopaths, nods to the young male before her.

"Loputo Jidelor. I wish to hear what happened during Operation Plague Destruction from a firsthand observer. Please speak freely."

As one of the most formidable Technopaths in the entire Volgrim Empire, Cuanali has given up nearly every part of her biological body in exchange for raw technological power. More automaton than biological, all that remains of her former flesh and blood roots is her biological brain, and even that has been heavily digitized to allow for enhanced processing capabilities.

Loputo Jidelor stands atop two flesh-and-blood legs. Those contrast with his mechanical right arm, making him appear clumsy and lopsided, especially in comparison to the killing-machine known as the Fourth Founder. His implants are vastly inferior to hers, another sign of his comparatively lowly upbringing.

Loputo gestures to his left, where Creator Demila stands, her expression ugly.

"Everything I am about to say, Creator Demila will confirm." Loputo says, keeping his emotions in check so as to not embarrass himself. "First, I must start with the beginning of this cycle's events..."

He quickly but succinctly verbally informs the Fourth Founder of what happened while simultaneously transmitting the collective videos and holo-recordings taken by all the Technopaths on scene. Likewise, several memory crystals recorded by the Psions find their way into Cuanali's hands, and her expression turns severe.

She is not a Brain Enhancer like Dosena, nor does she possess the same raw calculating power that Unarin does, but Cuanali still has an enhanced cognitive ability as formidable as both of them! She has long constructed numerous supercomputers hidden within quantum tunnels, computers as big as many mining-class worlds that even Dosena would have trouble locating. Scattered around the Milky Way, each of these worlds afford Cuanali a raw ability to compute and think that make her a monster at innovation and technological prowess!

It takes her mere seconds to watch and analyze every recorded angle of the battle, as well as Loputo Jidelor's personal observations regarding what happened.

"The strife among the Wordsmiths is more severe than we anticipated." Cuanali says emotionlessly, her words eerily mechanical and precise. "The Second Wordsmith has made many accusations, but we lack evidence for his claims."

[I do not know if the First Wordsmith is secretly plotting behind Unarin's back.] Demila says carefully. [But I am prepared to investigate more deeply, if the Founders will it. This claim that he has found a method to control the Plague is deeply unsettling.]

"I have spoken to Unarin about this subject." Cuanalia says. "He is unconvinced. He believes Jason Hiro is not the sort of person who would do this. Hope Hiro is likely giving in to hysterical emotions."

[Possibly.] Demila says mildly. [So, is Unarin opposed to my... investigation?]

"You have his permission to scour the planet for clues." Cuanali says. "Right now, the Plague has ceased all movements. We are not certain what is happening to it internally. Perhaps the hivemind has become compromised. In any case, it has not spread to another world in the last half-cycle. We are keeping a close watch over all controlled worlds for new Plaguehosts."

[I will take my leave, then.] Demila says, bowing her head reverentially to the Fourth Founder before jumping through space to disappear.

After Demila departs, Loputo Jidelor frowns. "Fourth Founder. If I may speak freely?"

"You may." She replies.

"The galactic situation has changed too rapidly." Loputo says. "Diablo was our only hope for eradicating the Plague. Now that it is even stronger than ever, perhaps to the point of invincibility, how can we survive?"

"The situation is not untenable." Cuanali says carefully. "The status quo has been greatly upset in recent cycles, but much of the disturbance has been a net positive for the Volgrim."

She continues. "First, we now know of the False Cosmic Realm, created by the ancient Archangel Raphael. This is likely where the majority of the Plaguehosts reside."

"Secondly, we know that the Plague needs to infest planet cores to spread across the galaxy. That means we may be able to research new methods of slowing it down, possibly even retaking lost worlds once again. If Diablo could do it, then perhaps we can too."

"Thirdly, the Wordsmiths may be able to innovate new solutions for defeating the Plague. Jason Hiro was able to conjure those strange, unbreakable chains. Whatever material he used, it may prove useful for capturing Plaguehosts alive."

"But what if we cannot trust the Wordsmiths?" Loputo asks. "What if they are not being... entirely forthcoming with us?"

"Such concerns are well within Founder Unarin's ability to perceive." Cuanali says, her tone unmoved. "He defeated the Sentinels. The Wordsmiths will not be able to threaten him."

After a few more minutes of talking, the Fourth Founder dismisses her junior, sending Loputo away to think about the latest happenings.

She stands inside the Ring Finger surrounded by circuitry in the walls, ceiling, and floors. The entire room glows an eerie green due to all of the light produced by the glowing wires, morphing her beautiful blue skin into a sickly green.

"I refuse to unleash the Sentinels." Cuanali says to nobody in particular.

"I _will_ find another solution."