"What do you mean?! It's a planet! How do you lose a friggin' planet?" Jason rested his hands on his hips, nudging his lightsaber and Hoarhiim's orb in the process. "I thought you guys had a constant tracker on its position!"

Neil tossed his hands in the air. "I don't know what to say. We shut down the gate after recovering that Roland fellow since we didn't want Amelia slipping through the gate somehow. Now we can't reconnect."

The goblin Neil was helping earlier poked a button, then raised his hand. "Ooh! Grumbull have idea! Maybe gate was destroyed on other side?"

"Yeah, that's possible." Neil scratched his head. "I don't get it, though. Why would someone destroy the portal? Hell, who _could_? It must have been Amelia."

_Makes sense, I guess,_ Jason thought. "I don't see why she'd trap herself on the planet like that. Can you force open a portal without a gate on the other side?"

Neil shook his head. "Not a chance. The only way to travel there now is via the services of a Warper, or we could take a spaceship there."

"A spaceship?"

The Frenchman scratched his chin. "Yes, but we don't have technology like that. Even if we did, the galaxy is massive. I don't know where any of these planets are in relation to one another."

An unnerving thought entered Jason's mind. _Say, uh, Neil... I've been wondering, what exactly is the Labyrinth? Is it a cube floating in space?_ Jason thought.

His face contorted into several expressions as he looked at Jason, then the goblin, then back at Jason again. "I haven't the faintest clue. I believe we exist outside of the Milky Way Galaxy, though."

"What?! Are we in Andromeda, then?"

Someone stomped up behind Jason. He didn't bother turning as he recognized Kar's towering form. "My mother has told me many tales about the universe. The Labyrinth exists in a separate dimension outside of the galaxy, yet we are also within."

_Once again, Kar reminds me that his mother exists._ Jason thought. "Speaking of which, will you ever take me to chat with Marie?"

The Croco-sphinx sighed. "I do not know, little Turtle. I conversed with my brothers recently. They are pleased that I have assisted you, but not that I am King of all Monsters. Such a title traditionally belongs to the King of a clan, meaning King Ghidorah. Due to the monster hierarchy, I now outrank him. This has caused much friction between my brothers and me.

"Ah, that sounds like it could... cause issues. Haha."

"Indeed," Kar said, before turning away. "Butterfly. Butterfly!"

His voice carried over the room and all around the panels and consoles, so deep was his timbre. A moment later, a tiny flicker of movement in the air approached them, and Jason recognized his little fairy assistant, Blinker.

"Heyo! Whatchu want, you big ol' gator?" She fluttered down and stumbled onto his shoulder with a half-drunken _thud_.

"We require the services of a Warper. Would you be so kind as to conjure one for us?"

Jason almost forgot about what Neil and he had discussed. Good thing Kar had reminded him. "Do you think we can use a Warper to get to Espurn Prime without using a gate?"

Blinker hopped up to her feet and waved her arms. "Of course! Easy peasy impy squeezy! Just gimme time to work my charm, and I'll find a cutie to make a portal for ya!"

She fluttered away, squeaking conspiratorially to herself the whole way, and Jason turned his attention back to Neil. "Keep checking to see if you can connect. I have some business to deal with."

"As you wish, my liege."

A minute later, Kar and Jason walked back over to Phoebe, Roland, and Makoto. Roland looked up at Jason, trepidation in his eyes.

"What is the verdict, Your Holiness?"

"We're having some, ah, technical issues." Jason shrugged slightly as if to say, _it can't be helped._ "Kar sent one of his assistants off to find help. Sorry for dragging you out here, but there isn't much we can do today."

Roland's shoulders sagged. "Ah, that's unfortunate. Still, I've met many interesting Gods here, and seeing all these magical tablets is exciting as well. I am certain you will do your best, Your Holiness."

"Thanks for the vote of confidence," Jason replied. He turned to Makoto. "I don't have anything better to do right now. How about those spiritual lessons you offered?"

He widened his eyes in surprise. "Already?"

"I mean, you don't have to. We can do it some other time if you like."

Makoto shook his head quickly. "If it is for your sake, Hiro-sama, then I am always willing to make room on my schedule. Come, let us return to my home. I will discuss the different aspects of spiritual energy with you there."

_It takes quite the effort for me not to say, 'aw man, but I just got here...'_ Jason thought.

Roland decided to stay behind and hang out with the humans and monsters in the Core, so Phoebe and Jason left with Makoto. Once they stepped through the portal, Jason realized the bus was gone.

Phoebe winked at Jason. "Your Grace, why not summon an automobile with your magic? I'd like to drive it, if possible."

"Okay. I meant to make you one, anyway."

Jason's flippant announcement caught her off-guard. "Y-you did?"

"Yeah. It's just the model that I wasn't sure about, but I think I've got your tastes pinned down."

Her face twisted into incredulity. _Model? What does he mean?_ Phoebe thought.

As the three of them arrived at the bottom of the warpgate's stairs, Jason aimed his mind at the road. "**Vehicle.**"

Gears appeared in Jason's mind, followed by an engine, frame, radio, cigarette lighter, dashboard, seats, and thousands of other pieces involved in making a car. His head trembled slightly from the effort of envisioning the automobile, but the sound of air rushing away from the summoning area and a loud _POP_ followed, and with a _THUD_ his newest creation slammed onto the pavement. Ten tons of steel, wood, and plastic hit the ground with tremendous force, startling the nearby spectators.

Makoto stared quizzically. Phoebe gawked with an open mouth. "J-Jason! It's so big! What is it?"

"I got the impression that while you liked the Ferrari, you're more of a big-truck kind of girl. So... I gave you something that can go off-road."

The massive vehicle towered twenty feet in the air, with stairs for easier access to the cabin, three seating rows for passengers, a metal grill in case of a collision, and a reinforced frame. _Safety first, after all. I wouldn't want something to happen to Phoebe while she drives._ Jason thought. The rollbar ensured that even if the whole thing flipped, it should end up back on its wheels.

Jason gestured toward it. "Here you go. It's called a _monster truck._"

Phoebe squeezed her hands into fists. "Eeeeh! Oh my god! It's amazing! I can't believe you made this for me!"

"I've been teaching you to drive for a reason, after all. There's no way I can continue to hog all the fun."

She startled Jason by leaping into his arms and hugging him tightly. "Oh, Jason! Thank you thank you thank youuu!"

Makoto smiled. "Young love is always wonderful."

..................................................

"M-Miss Berthold! Slow down! That is a VERY big- gwaugh!" Makoto shrieked in fright as Phoebe raced her new toy at an obstacle in the road, bouncing them several feet in the air before landing on the ground with all ten tons of raw steel. She laughed maniacally as the reinforced death machine plowed through rows of corn in the local farms.

Jason held onto his seat with telekinesis, while also grabbing his door for dear life. "S-sweetheart, I think maybe you're going a little too-"

"FASTER!!!" Phoebe jammed the accelerator and turned toward a series of small hills and boulders, pushing the truck's suspension to the test. Jason could almost hear the poor metal box screaming in pain. Makoto and Jason tossed from side-to-side while Phoebe clutched the wheel with all of her strength.

Minutes passed, and eventually, her excitement wore off as they approached the central city. She slowed to a stop after climbing the ramp up the canyon and pulled to the side of the road.

Daintily, Phoebe pulled her medium-cropped hair back in a bun and whistled. "That was fun."

Jason dabbed the front of his pants to make sure he didn't wet himself. "Yeah. Fun. Right, Makoto?"

The Japanese man nodded silently but concealed a look of terror. He melted into his seat; sweat covering every inch of his body.

_I've created a monster._ Jason thought.

Before she hopped out of the truck, Phoebe pointed to a button beside the steering wheel. "What does this do?"

Jason swallowed and smiled, glad for the moment of calm. "Well, uh, you were scared of loud engines originally, so I added a button to silence it. The engine roar is all fake anyway since it uses fusion to power itself."

She nodded. "That's very thoughtful of you. I wasn't scared of the Ferrari's noise though, Your Grace, but of the unfamiliar setting you put me in."

"Well, it's there anyway. Nobody wants to hear a loud monster truck driving through town in the middle of the night, right?"

"Certainly!" Phoebe hopped out of the truck and slammed the door, and squealed a little as she patted it. "This is by far the best present anyone has ever given me!"

"I'm glad you like it," Jason muttered, while swallowing the bile from his roiling stomach. _And here I thought I was a speed demon._ Jason thought.

...

Minutes later, Makoto shakily led them to his residence. The adrenaline was finally wearing off, and he was mostly back to normal, but the experience in Phoebe's truck would probably make sleep difficult for him that night.

He lived in Bahamut's former palace, just as Phoebe and Jason did. Most of the high-rankers lived there, though Jason had heard that Saul had built a mud hut a mile away on the outskirts of town. He preferred seclusion.

The familiar walls rolled past them, and Phoebe looped her arms around Jason's and smiled up at him. Even if Jason had been a little scared earlier, it had been worth it to see her in such a good mood. She deserved a present occasionally after all the time they'd spent together. _I love her. I can't wait to get married._ Jason thought.

Makoto stopped in front of his door and fumbled with his key for a moment, before pulling it open. He stepped inside, and immediately Jason realized something was wrong.

As they stepped through the doorway, Phoebe's warm smile shifted to an expression of horror. Makoto's room was piled high with trash, dust, filth, and all manner of other garbage. Plates with food crusted on them told the tale of a lazy bum living in a slum, not a respectable military man who spoke of peace and harmony.

"Mister Makoto...?" Phoebe trailed off as she looked around.

Makoto remained oblivious to their concerns. "Ah, let me get a few chairs for us, just give me one moment. Watch your step!"

Jason's foot kicked a bag of half-eaten stale potato chips, sending some of them spilling out all over the floor. The room was so messy that he was having trouble seeing around and navigating without bumping into anything.

He disappeared into the kitchen, and his footsteps lit the place up enough that Jason could tell the mayhem wasn't isolated to one or two rooms.

"I never pictured Mister Ueda as this sort of man," Phoebe murmured.

Jason pulled away from her and used his telekinesis to shove debris toward the walls, so he at least had a clear path to walk. "I figured a spiritual guru enlightened about Shinto principles or whatever would have a clean house. Can't judge a book by its cover, I guess."

Makoto appeared from around the corner, a wooden chair in each hand. He set them down in the living room, though he had to nudge some books and bags of food out of the way. "I will get a seat for myself."

Phoebe and Jason slumped into their chairs while Jason tried to think of a way to mention the mess without offending him. Already Jason could tell Phoebe was itching to scrub the place from top to bottom.

When Makoto returned, he came back carrying not just a chair, but a small table as well, perhaps the size of a TV tray. "Would you care for some tea?"

Phoebe and Jason shook their heads at the same time. "We're fine."

After setting his chair and table down, he left and returned with a pot of cold tea and a paper cup, setting them down on the table before easing into his chair. He finally noticed the distress on their faces. "Oh, so sorry about home. It is more cluttered than usual."

"Cluttered," Jason echoed. "I, uh, didn't realize you lived like this."

"Hm?" Makoto cocked his head questioningly. "Like what?"

Phoebe grimaced. "Well, the place is a little messy, you know?"

"Oh, certainly. But look on bright side! It bring me closer to nature."

"Nature?" Jason echoed his words a second time, his mind reeling with disbelief. "What about your home reminds you of nature?"

Makoto folded his hands in his lap and sighed. Leaning back, he stared at the ceiling. "Humans, monsters, demons, everyone... we try to rearrange things and be more orderly. Such is way of individual who has attained self-awareness. Nature, however, chaotic and sloppy. Therefore, to be closer to nature, my house chaotic, see?"

Phoebe forced a smile. "That's an... interesting way to describe a mess. I could clean the place up for you..."

"Bah, there is no need." He waved his hand flippantly. "Will just mess it up again anyway. Now then, Hiro-sama, I suppose you have questions for me about magic?"

Despite how miffed Phoebe looked that Makoto had just brushed her criticisms aside, Jason took his stance in stride. He wasn't God, so he couldn't judge someone else for how they lived in the privacy of their home. He wasn't hurting anyone.

"Mister Ueda, I need to increase my spiritual energy limit. Isn't there a way that I can expand my Wordsmithing abilities beyond what they are now?"

He nodded. "Yes, yes, of course. However, depends how far you're willing to go. Demons increase limits by ingesting souls of humans. Will you take that path?"

"Of course not."

"Your power allows you speak a word and make it become reality. Have you tried using a spell to increase your limits?"

Jason quickly searched his memories. "Yeah, but it didn't work. I didn't expect it to, either."

"Neither would I." Makoto reached over and grabbed his cold tea and sipped it, then placed it back on the table. "Demon way is not the only way."

"You mean I can increase my limits without devouring human souls? Sign me up!"

Makoto shook his head. "Not quite. Angels used energy from prayers. If you are willing to have people pray to you, then it may be possible, but..."

"I'll mark that as a 'maybe.' Anything else?"

He shrugged. "Not know. However, I did wish to speak to you about something..." He faltered for a moment. "...have you ever executed someone?"

Phoebe raised an eyebrow. Jason did, too.

"No. I'd prefer not to do such a thing."

"Are you opposed to killing?"

"I believe there are better ways to resolve conflicts, but sometimes you have to put your life on the line."

Phoebe coughed. "Ahem. Then what are you planning to do about Amelia?"

Jason's seat burned hot under him. "I try not to think about that."

Makoto wagged a finger. "Hiro-sama, she has exterminated entire planet of people. If you can't end her, then you can never justify killing anyone."

"Murder isn't in my nature, Makoto. Wordsmithing seems like a limitless ability. I feel as if I have other options at my disposal."

He nodded. "A good point. I respect your commitment to pacifism, but I wonder if you realize that your ideals will not hold up against demonkind."

A few seconds passed as Jason digested his words.

"Maybe they will, maybe they won't. I won't know until I try. Anyway, I thought you were supposed to be a peaceful, enlightened ascetic. Why are you talking about death and killing all of a sudden?"

Phoebe looked away, and Makoto's expression darkened. "Humans, despite our flaws, are somewhat principled when we wish to be. Humans progressed from barbarism to semi-enlightenment in just a few thousand years. Demons only became worse. It was our good intentions that doomed us. I still believe that many demons are not inherently evil, but I also acknowledge what an incredible enemy they are."

Makoto sipped some more tea. "While you were gone for few days, Adams-san received word that several demons and monsters wished to join our ranks. Is very good news, in my book."

"What? They did?! That's great!" Phoebe's eyes lit up like the Fourth of July. "So what's the problem?"

Makoto shook his head. "Right now, we are little more than thorn in Demon Emperor's side. However, once we amass military might, they will turn full attention on us. Either you become willing to draw blood and display ferocious power, or you creatively think of way to persuade trillions of demons to our side."

"Trillions?" Jason blinked in surprise. "That many exist?"

Phoebe rubbed her hands together. "Humans have home planets, but so do demons. Half of all demons live in the Labyrinth, but the rest live on worlds strewn across the galaxy."

_Trillions. The word echoes in my mind. We have several thousand people and monsters in the Core. What attacked us before was the tiniest tip of an iceberg. If the demons get serious, we don't stand a chance._ Jason thought.

"Makoto... are you certain there isn't a way I can increase my limit? Anything."

He smiled and shook his head. "Unless you are willing to strip soul energy from demons as you kill them, I see no viable options, Hiro-sama. Demonic energy is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural."

Jason looked away from Makoto. "If you say so."

The Japanese man reached down and grabbed an opened bag of chips. He grabbed a handful of stale potato chips and held the bag out. "Hungry?"

Jason shared a glance with Phoebe.

"Pass."