Part 294: Mirror of Samsara
Part 294: Mirror of Samsara

_Three days earlier, halfway across the Milky Way, beneath the surface of a certain planet._

Hundreds of demons and goblins trudge back and forth between a series of interconnected caves. These demons, low-ranking Burrowers, assist their small-statured monster subordinates in the slow, gradual excavation process of digging down further and further into the planet's bowels.

Magically-powered torches hang on the walls, illuminating the underground passages with eerie, purple light. Piles of debris lay here and there, typically dropped by the laziest workers too tired to haul their refuse to designated dumping points.

Makeshift wooden and steel lines, vaguely resembling human-made railroad tracks, line the many passages, allowing for the efficient transport of countless tons of ore and mineral deposits.

A pair of goblins walk up to one of the many foreman Burrowers while pulling along a wheeled cart full of rocks and gems.

"Report." Says the Burrower, as she squints to look inside the trolley.

"Five kilos of tainted copper, seven or so of iron, got a few diamonds thrown in," Rattles off the older of the two goblins. "Half a kilo of Tanzanite. Uhh, we found some random bones, too..."

The foreman frowns. "Bones? If they ain't from a Titan or angel, I'm gonna have to dock you. We don't have room to store a bunch of crap."

"We already done excavated all the good shit!" The goblin complains. "What more you think we're gonna find?! Earth is all tapped out! Ain't nothin' left but low-level ore and some crusty-grade gems."

The foreman shakes her head. "If you don't find anything, you don't find anything. But don't try and pad your numbers by throwing in bones. Now, go throw them in the incinerator and get moving. Put some hustle in your step. Master Orias has been getting disappointed at our results, lately."

Both of the goblins lower their heads and nod silently, but in their heads, they grumble countless obscenities.

_Master Orias, this. Master Orias, that. The heck is that fur-faced cunt even lookin' for, anyway? We're scraping our ding-dang claws to the bone just to look for bits of rock and metal. What a waste! Ain't even any demonstone left here! It's all mined-out!_

The goblins return to their work, while the foreman stays behind and heaves a sigh. She, too, appears dissatisfied.

"I don't get it," The young Burrower mutters. "We haven't found any Heroic Artifacts for millennia, let alone any decent gems. Earth is a lost cause. We ought to move on to a better world, if only Master Orias would just get some sense in his head."

Hardly have the words escaped her lips before a tired-sounding voice speaks beside her.

"Oh? Tell me how you really feel, Skully."

The Burrower, Skully, whips around on her heel and widens her eyes in alarm as she spots the figure of her revered master, the Demon Baron of the Stars, Orias.

"M-Master Orias! I, err, I didn't mean anything by what I said! Forgive me, I-"

"Calm down, I'm not going to bite your ear off," Orias says, while tiredly waving his hand. "I just got back from Ose's Operation Stormbringer. It seems everything is going smoothly. With any luck, she'll pacify the rest of humanity in just a few hours."

"Really? That's good news!"

Skully bobs her head excitedly, only to pause when she sees Orias's vague smile fade away.

"Master Orias? Is something wrong?"

The Baron of the Stars shrugs. "Not really. Probably not. I don't know, frankly. It just seems as if I cannot commit to freeing myself from my mortal shackles. Always, these obligations press upon me. They weigh me down and cloud my thoughts. I can't see myself ever not being 'part of this world.' My master would be disappointed if he knew."

"Your master?" Skully asks, leaning her head curiously to the side. "Duke Bael? Mephisto?"

Orias shakes his head. "Nobody you know, Skully. If you'll excuse me, I need to examine the excavation teams."

"Of course," Skully says, quickly casting aside any further thoughts regarding Orias's mysterious master. To low-level demons like her, the machinations of Barons, Dukes, and Emperors are simply too far above her station to matter. "See you later, Master Orias!"

Orias offers another casual smile. As he turns to leave, he pauses and glances at her.

"And Skully... do watch your words. You never know who might be listening, and who might take offense to your unrequested criticisms."

Skully turns pale. Before she can offer an apology, Orias disappears in a flash of light, leaving her grasping for straws.

_...I had better do as he says._ She thinks, nodding seriously to herself.

Meanwhile, Orias flickers around, casually burning a few dozen stones he keeps in a pouch by his waist. With quite literally hundreds of tons of gems and rocks saved up over the eons and almost no other demons capable of using them in the same way as himself, Orias doesn't fuss over the loss of half a kilogram of emeralds or sapphires.

Traveling beneath the destroyed surface of Earth, Orias zips through the maze-like corridors of dug-out tunnels while visiting his many prominent foreman placed in overseer roles, their duty to assist and manage the excavation efforts of slowly and progressively digging deeper into Earth's bowels.

The Baron of the Stars wears a gloomy expression as he receives the same bad news as he has for the last several thousand years.

Very little valuable ore left.

No heroic artifacts.

No notable discoveries.

After a few hours of chatting with one overseer after the other, the Baron of the Stars pauses to summon some refreshing, ice-cool water. He conjures it through a blue-colored sapphire gem, swallowing its contents to clear the stale taste in his mouth. The stench of sulfur pervades a significant portion of Earth's underground tunnels.

Orias sits in a seven-way junction, with tunnels and paths leading in multiple directions up and down into the Earth's crust. He flicks his eyes between the different passages and sighs.

"An endless dream. Lazy, bereft of thought, lacking all wisdom and insight. Life is so... meaningless. Is this really all there is to the cosmos?"

Orias reaches into the folds of his robes. He pulls out a palm-sized mirror, one with a sizable chunk of its surface missing. The entire bottom-right section appears to have been snapped off, while other portions appear taped-together, with visible cracks separating the mirror into seven different portions, the final one missing.

"My master's artifact..." Orias murmurs. "I still haven't found the last piece after all these years. What will it take for me to finally reassemble the Mirror of Samsara?"

"Will anything even happen once I do?"

After staring at the broken artifact for several seconds, Orias sticks it back into the folds of his robes. He continues to sit and watch while small groups of goblins and demons wander past, many of them chit-chatting about banal observations, while a few offer friendly waves to Orias, their de-facto 'boss.'

After a long session of mindless ponderings, Orias rises to his feet. He starts to trudge down one of the hallways, only for a flash of light to appear ten feet in front of him. A Warper demoness, Ying-Ying, materializes while holding onto her blood-covered sister, Mara, the Baron of Games.

"Orias! Orias!" Ying-Ying shouts. "There you are! It's terrible! Oh, seven hells, have you heard the news?! We lost the Stormbringer War! The Hero reappeared and attacked viciously! He killed Ose and Bael, and then he murdered all of the demons surrounding Tarus II's human city, and then..."

Orias stands in place, listening while Ying-Ying babbles off the happenings he's missed. He eventually raises his palm and nods, gesturing to Mara's badly injured figure. "Let me help your sister, Ying-Ying."

"Oh, right!" Ying-Ying exclaims, as she gently lowers Mara to the dirt. "These big huge humans appeared, they were taller than the Slithering Spire! They beat Mara around mercilessly, she couldn't resist and barely managed to escape by the skin of her teeth. Luckily, I ran into her, or else..."

Orias snaps his fingers, causing a sapphire to crumble into dust in his palm. He gently massages Mara's face, throat, and stomach while spreading a layer of healing water across her injuries. "Giant humans, you said? That sounds an awful lot like..."

The Baron of the Stars pauses, uncertain if he should continue that line of thought.

"...Impossible. The Titans perished eons ago. None remain alive. Must have been one of the Wordsmith's tricks."

Ying-Ying's expression becomes sullen as she watches Orias slowly ease her sister's pain. "I don't know if it was a trick or not, but Ose is dead, and so is Bael. Artorias got taken over by Uriel, Beelzebub blew himself up, and now, only Mephisto remains. He's our last Duke! We're doomed, Orias! Doomed! How can we survive against fleshbags who succeeded in killing our only Emperor?! It won't be long before they rush in and rip apart the rest of us! Not to mention they still have that traitorous slut Belial on their side!"

Orias glances at Ying-Ying. He averts his eyes, unwilling to say more.

_Ying-Ying is only a grunt. She does not know of the Hidden Hells, and it is not my place to educate her. Mephisto will be our leader moving forward... but never has the First Hell suffered such a catastrophic setback. I can't imagine what events will take place next._

"...We will have to wait for Mephisto's guidance," Orias says unhurriedly. "Worry not. Hell is not such a simple place. The Wordsmith might be powerful, but he is far from unstoppable. We still have resources we can pull from."

Ying-Ying's gloomy expression momentarily clears up. "Ohhh, does this have something to do with the Overlords?"

Immediately, Orias snaps his head up and locks eyes with Ying-Ying. "Who told you about them? Where did you hear that name?!"

Startled by Orias's violent shift in facial expression, Ying-Ying flinches and pulls back. "I-I heard it from Mara, of course. I didn't tell anyone else, you know..."

"Speak not of the Overlords," Orias says, as he flicks his gaze around to make sure nobody else is within earshot. "Their existence is secret for a reason."

"Are they super strong?" Ying-Ying asks. "Can they protect us?"

"Hah." Orias chuckles bitterly. "Not a chance. They are as much our enemies as our zookeepers. So long as we stay within our pens, they pay us little heed. We will have to defeat the Wordsmith ourselves. Devils forbid if the Overlords hear of the beating we've suffered."

Orias pulls his hands away from Mara and nods.

"There. I've stabilized her injuries. My healing abilities are mediocre at best, but she'll be fine once you get her to the Blood Pits."

"Thank you for helping, Orias," Ying-Ying says, as she bats her eyes. "If there's _any_ way I can repay you... don't hesitate to tell me."

Orias looks her dead in the eye. "I suppose I could always use help digging through the mud mines."

"Ahaha! Such a joker!" Ying-Ying laughs nervously. "I was just kidding, just kidding. If you think Hell's situation will turn out fine, then I already feel a bit better."

"I don't know about 'fine,' but the situation isn't untenable. Take Mara and leave, young one."

"Okay!"

Ying-Ying picks up her sister's unconscious form and waves her hand to summon a portal. However, midway into the motion, she glances at Orias and raises an eyebrow.

"That's odd. Orias, why is your chest glowing?"

"My chest?" Orias asks. He lowers his eyes, only to see a soft light emanating from his pocket. A flicker of alarm goes through his nerves before he forces a casual smile. "Oh! It's just one of my gems. No reason for concern. I'll see you later, Ying-Ying."

"Okay! Bye-bye, then!" Ying-Ying says, while flashing a cute smile. She steps through her portal and closes it afterward, leaving Orias alone.

The instant she disappears, Orias's right hand disappears into the folds of his robes. He plucks out the Mirror of Samsara and stares at it with a look of shock and bewilderment. Its exterior faintly glows with holy energy, burning his skin and hurting him somewhat, though not enough to cause him any immediate injuries.

"Ouch! What in the Seven Hells? Why is my master's Mirror reacting? Has something changed?"

A few seconds later, the sounds of voices approach Orias. He turns his head and watches as three different Burrower foremen come running up, looks of astonishment on their faces.

"Master Orias! Master Orias! W-we detected something with your special jewels! There's a concentration of Holy Energy deep underground, a bit further than we've dug before!"

Orias's heart skips a beat. "Lead the way!"

He and the three other demons quickly descend into the tunnel systems. They steal curious glances at the object in Orias's hands, one which clearly seems to emanate some sort of Holy Energy of its own, but when Orias doesn't explain anything, they keep their questions to themselves.

Half an hour later, they arrive at an unexcavated wall, one with a faint but clear sensation of holy energy resonating several kilometers in the distance. Orias glances at the broken Mirror of Samara in his palm, and his eyes widen as he observes its glow increase by a small but noticeable amount.

"Start digging into this section," Orias says. "Recall everyone and bring them here. Everyone, you hear me? The relic could be anywhere in a twenty kilometer radius. Dig up, down, forward, backward, any possible direction. Scour every nook and cranny. I'll help."

Orias places the heroic artifact back into his robes, which only slightly muffles its light while making it burn his chest. He ignores the pain and gestures forward.

"What are you waiting for? Dig!"

Orias pulls out an amber-colored jewel and snaps his fingers, temporarily obtaining the power of Earth Manipulation like the Burrowers around him. He assists them in the excavation efforts, moving as quickly as he can.

Minutes pass. An hour. A day.

Three days pass in the blink of an eye.

Orias and his subordinates hollow out a massive part of the Earth. As they dig, his thoughts become more frantic.

_We're so close. I can practically smell it! It's the last piece of Samsara! I must obtain it!_

While they dig, Orias's thoughts turn to the general geography of the location.

_After the Overlords annihilated all life on Earth, countless fragments of civilization spewed out across the planet. We seem to be about 800 kilometers west of the Indian region... even I didn't imagine my master's artifact would end up broken and cast so far away from its original resting place._

As the small army of a thousand demons and goblins dig, their pace begins to slow. They sense the closeness of the artifact, though its exact position evades them.

However, at some point, one of the goblins shrieks in delight.

"F-found it! Master Orias, I found it!!"

Immediately, a thousand pairs of eyes converge on that goblin's location. Before anyone can start to make a move, Orias teleports straight to the goblin's side, a look of fervency on his face.

"You did? Where? Show me!"

The goblin points toward a rock on the ground, seemingly ordinary, yet with a faint glow poking through a pinhole-sized opening on its top.

"Right here! I didn't dare touch it, since-"

"Good, good goblin!" Orias crows. He rudely pushes the goblin aside, yet the goblin offers no complaint. It, too, feels more than a little excited by Orias's passion.

Orias carefully excavates the rock with a bit of Earth Manipulation, then stands up and casts a quick glance at the goblin.

"You! Excellent work. I always reward the capable, so you may enjoy fifteen choices from my Golden Wares. Take whatever you like! As for everyone else, disband! I require absolute privacy!"

A chorus of voices speaks up in unison. "Yes, Master Orias! We obey!"

Minutes later, every demon and goblin in the vicinity retreats from the area, leaving Orias to stand alone in eerie silence. The Baron of the Stars breathes heavily, excitement on his face.

"...found it... we finally found it... the last piece of the Mirror of Samsara..."

His hands tremble as emotion threatens to overtake him. For over a hundred thousand years, he has dug through the depths of the Earth, searching for heroic relics, but especially pieces of his mentor's broken mirror.

"Master Buddha... at last... by fixing your relic, I might be able to speak to you once more."

Carefully, gingerly, Orias begins to peel apart the geode which has engulfed the last sliver of his relic's mentor. It takes him more than thirty minutes, but eventually, with the utmost care, Orias daintily extracts the jagged piece of the heroic artifact. It glows brightly as it now sits within less than two feet of the rest of itself inside Orias's pocket.

For a brief moment, Orias's heart stops. He plucks out the Mirror of Samsara and compares its missing piece to the small chunk held in his right hand.

"...a perfect match."

After two seconds of deliberation, Orias places the missing shard into the incomplete Mirror of Samsara.

Then, a transformation occurs.

For a brief moment, the Mirror of Samara radiates a divine light hot enough to force Orias back. He quickly but carefully sets the mirror on the ground, then jumps away from it, raising his hand to shield his eyes.

"Aargh! Holy energy, it hurts!" Orias cries.

As the light inside the Mirror of Samsara builds, a faint humming sensation rumbles in the air. Orias watches with rapt attention, forcing himself to gaze upon the sunlike object even though it scorches his pupils.

All of a sudden, the light retracts! It sucks into the center of the mirror, then transforms into a small bead of light which shoots out of the mirror and into the air.

Before Orias can react, the bead of light disappears into the soil above him, vanishing into the Earth's depths. The Mirror of Samsara becomes dull, like a dead object, no longer radiating even the faintest trace of holy energy.

The Baron of the Stars halts his breathing. He stands locked in place, gazing at the dead artifact with a look of total bewilderment.

"W-what happened? Master? Hello?"

He suddenly dives forward and grabs the artifact, examining it with all of his physical and spiritual senses. To his horror, the artifact appears so dead that he can't detect even the slightest remnant of its former glory.

"What happened?! Where did that bead of light go?! Have I screwed up? All my work, all this time, all this effort... for nothing?! Nooo!!"

As Orias loses his last sliver of hope for ever meeting his master again, that bead of light travels across the Milky Way, heading for a world he visited not many days earlier.

It enters the body of Makoto Ueda, merges with his soul, and reforges his very essence into something new.

Siddhartha Gautama, the Great Buddha, gazes at the world around him with ancient wisdom, a mind and soul that are both timeless and peerless.

"Finally. I have reincarnated."