I finish soldering a new component onto the front of my truck right as Samantha bounces over to me. She beams me a smile filled with sunshine and kittens. "Hey, Phoebe! What are you up to?"

Standing on a stool hunched over my truck, I glance through my welding mask at her scantily-clad figure only to quickly avert my eyes a moment later. _Lord have mercy._

"I've been working on a new project. Ever since that demon attacked the Core, I realized I needed a way to contact Jason."

Samantha's smile vanishes. "Beelzebub won't bother you again. I made sure of that."

"So you say," I reply. "If it's alright with you though... I need to see Jason. I built a device to monitor his spiritual energy..."

Samantha leans against the truck, standing on her tiptoes to see the Temporal Modulator I've built. "A device? You aren't snooping on him, are you?"

I shake my head and pull Hoarhiim's glowing orb from a bag at my side. "This is his orb-friend. The two of them have a spiritual connection. I'm using Hoarhiim's energy to locate Jason. I have a gadget that can track him anywhere, and see when his spiritual energy levels dip. That should mean he's in a battle, or worse..."

Samantha narrows her eyes. "So you _are_ snooping on him. Can't the man have a little privacy?"

I activate my solder again. "I suppose. I'm... I'm a little worried. I haven't seen Jason in two months. What if demons took him prisoner and all his messages proclaiming his wellbeing were lies? What if he gets in a bad fight and dies? I won't even know!"

Samantha slides her body from the side of the truck over to me, hunched over the hood. "You worry about him a lot. What do you get out of your relationship?"

I pause and hold the soldering iron away from my newest creation. "Um... I don't know. Nothing, I guess?"

Samantha eases a little closer to me and my stool. She reaches up and touches my back. "Nooothing at all? Not even a little fun on the side?"

"Fun? What do you mean?"

Her finger starts tracing a circle on my back, sending a shiver down my spine. "You two are an I-T-E-M, right? Come on, tell me a little about your relationship."

Sighing, I set the solder down and pry my mask off. "Ahh, well... it's a long story. Um. Jason defeated Bahamut, and afterward, when her magic dissipated-"

Immediately, Samantha interrupts me. "Wait, hold on. I thought Kar killed her! Isn't he the Sphinx?"

I wince, wondering if it's okay to tell Samantha what happened.

_What if Neil's right? She might be gathering intel. I shouldn't answer all of her questions, should I?_

_Well, I've already said too much. Can't stop now..._

"Kar is the Sphinx, yes, but Jason solved the Sphinx's Riddle. He did it quickly, too. In under a minute."

"I see." Samantha creeps a little closer, wrapping an arm around my legs. Since I'm standing on a stool, she can't reach higher comfortably, but...

"Err, getting a little close, aren't you?"

She winks. "Men are always causing trouble and getting in fights... but we ladies know how to treat each other with compassion and tender loving care. Don't you think so?"

"Uh... um..." I fumble with the soldering iron for a moment. "I'm, uh... I don't really..."

"You don't swing that way? Are you suuure?" Samantha's tail flicks around as she cocks her head questioningly. "How do you know if you've never tried?"

"Nngh... I can't, though. I love Jason."

The succubus pulls away, a sad expression clouding her face. "Oh. It's like that, huh? With a heart as big as yours, I thought maybe you'd have room for two in there."

"Two? A-at once? God forbids polygamy!"

Samantha taps her soft, red lips. "Mmm. I'm a demon, so I don't care what 'God' has to say. Besides, I've met a few 'Gods.' They were nothing special. Neither were the Archangels."

"I beg your pardon?"

Samantha turns and leans back against the truck, crossing her arms. "Aren't you aware? The Gods and Angels were flesh and blood beings. I met several of them. My only impressions were that they were all corrupt and power-hungry."

"I thought there was only one God. No, forget that, even if there were several, how could you _meet_ a god?"

"Unless you're referring to the Creator specifically, several gods existed. Zeus, Cronos, Athena, to name a few. They called themselves Titans, but humans referred to them as gods."

Her words don't register properly in my mind. "But... when I went to church as a little girl, they said-"

"Oh, yes, _church_. That explains it." Samantha nods knowingly, her smile gone. "Full of liars and con-artists. I met a few Popes in my lifetime. Slept with them, too. Try and disregard anything you ever learned from a church. Most of their crap beliefs were designed to suck you dry - in more ways than one."

Feeling uncomfortable about the topic, I don't bother pressing further. Instead, I grab the blowtorch and lower my faceplate. "Right. Well, I need to finish soldering this modulator. I'm leaving soon."

"Leaving? To where?" Samantha immediately rebounds, smiling sweetly at me. "Going to see your man?"

I nod. "Mhm. Jason's spiritual energy has been fluctuating dramatically over the last few days, and before that, it was on a steady downward decline. I'm worried about him."

Samantha eyes me for a moment. "I'll come with you."

"Huh? Why?"

She waves her hand flippantly. "I don't care at all about this Jason guy, but you're different. If you're going to see him, that means you'll be in the Labyrinth." Samantha lowers her voice. "It's dangerous to go alone, especially for a pretty human woman. You don't know the things a demon will do if he finds you."

My throat cracks. "I can imagine."

"Your imagination isn't good enough." Samantha looks away and fans out her fingernails. "You know... I'm older than almost any other demon alive today. I remember the Ancient Era, the War in Heaven, and the time before that. I've seen things I try not to dwell on."

"Like... like what?"

"Do you want to know?" She quickly turns her head to look at me. "Answer truthfully."

A moment passes. I turn back to my soldering iron and start putting the finishing touches down. "I do."

Samantha shudders and looks away. "Succubi and incubi were and still are the weakest of demons, even pureblood ones like myself. Powerful demons would capture and ravish my friends. Humans, once they began developing more efficient weaponry, would raid demon dens. They would slay any inside... except for succubi."

She pauses. "I remember when we found the body of one incubus. He'd been tied to a table and violated for a month straight by the women of the court. The soldiers gutted him and left him there to rot afterward. He was unlucky, though many females had it worse."

Samantha steels her face as unpleasant memories come flowing from the past, unbidden.

"Sam... I'm sorry. Humans are..."

"Don't say that." Samantha forces a smile. "Humans were hardly the only ones at fault. The demons were just as bad, sometimes worse." She swallows hard. "One thing I'll give the angels and gods, at least they never defiled succubi and incubi as the other sentients did. There's always a silver lining. All you have to do is search carefully."

I don't laugh. Neither does she.

Setting aside my solder, I hop down from the stool and face her. I feel slightly awkward, but eventually, I reach over and wrap my arms around her.

"I'll never hurt you, Sam. If anyone here does, I'll tear them apart. Okay?"

The succubus shudders slightly, but forces a laugh as she embraces me back. "Hah. F-finally. All I had to do to get you in my arms was drudge up all those horrible memories."

I laugh too. "Yeah. Sorry about that."

As we hold each other, a thought sprouts in my mind.

_Sam smells nice. Like the salty breeze on the coast, or a field of flowers on a mid-summer day._

Pulling away, I blush. "Say... um. Succubus powers don't work on people of the same sex... do they?"

"Hm. I wonder."

"Sam!"

She shakes her head and smiles innocently. "I don't believe so, Phoebe. I'll let you get back to your truck. Tell me when you're ready to go."

"I will," I reply.

I start to turn away, but she leans over and pecks me on the cheek. "For good luck."

It takes all my willpower not to kiss her back.

_God have mercy on me, a sinner._