Part 610: "REWIND!"
Part 610: "REWIND!"

January 13th, 2021. Portland, Oregon, USA.

It was a cold winter day, a day without snow, but one where the wind wove its way into the gaps between clothing and skin to chill the person beneath. A cold day, but otherwise seemingly ordinary.

Jason Hiro sat in bed, looking out the window at the world outside. This city, a rather large one with a population over 500,000 people, was positioned at the northern edge of Oregon state. A large river divided it from its northern Washington neighbor city, Vancouver.

But Jason's apartment had no particularly decent views. He could only see the five-story apartment complex across the street, and the one beside it, and the other ones beside that one as well.

He could peer through his window to the street two stories below... if he so wished. There, he could look down at the people walking to and fro, going about their day. He could also look up at the overcast sky, the sun hidden behind his apartment, well out of sight. Perhaps he might even spot some pigeons flying about, if he so wished.

But he didn't do that. Instead, he dazedly stared out the window, looking more than a little confused.

"What's... going on?" Jason asked aloud, of no-one in particular. "Something seems off today."

He couldn't quite put his finger on what was bothering him. It was an odd feeling. It felt as if there was something important he needed to be doing, but he couldn't place what it was.

Several minutes passed. The apartment next door, with its ever-annoying occupant, some old man Jason had never spoken to but had seen going in and out of his house every so often, blared the TV at maximum volume. The old man clearly had hearing issues, but Jason always felt a little too intimidated by his grizzled beard to confront him about it.

"...stocks down 13% in light of President Brian Chutley's recent declaration regarding the potential of a pandemic coming from China. President Chutley stated to reporters that he would go to every possible length to strengthen the CDC's provisions in preparation for the outbreak of what is being designated 'Covid-19.' And here, we have President Chutley's remarks as he addressed the nation on Tuesday..."

Jason listened to the TV idly while his mind moved with the speed of a slug to try and figure out just what the heck he was supposed to be doing today.

"Hmm... something... it was something important..."

Jason's eyes idly wandered to a photo of a man, woman, and five children on his bedside desk. He reached over and picked it up to look at it. For some reason, the photo made him feel sadder than usual today. It felt like he had lost them all over again.

"Mom... dad..." Jason muttered, looking at the picture of his former foster family, Amanda and Robert Tate.

Usually, when he looked at this picture, he would feel an immense amount of anguish, a deep pang of empathy and loss that made the rest of his day a little bleaker.

But today, that feeling was different. The sadness he felt was more distant than usual, as if they had passed away hundreds of years ago, and the pain inflicted on his heart had long scabbed over, only to just now rip the wound open.

It felt like a distant sort of nostalgia, like a favorite sad movie from childhood. Jason couldn't pinpoint why it felt so alien, only that it did.

He gently ran his thumb over Amanda's face, then Robert, then the other kids Jason had grown up with.

Cody was doing decently, all things considered. He was 20 now, in college. Jason hadn't spoken to him in a few years, but he figured Cody had rebounded relatively well, despite his past trauma.

Emily wasn't as fortunate. She and Robert were extremely close, and his accidental death broke her psyche. She spent the last several years in and out of rehab for substance abuse.

Honestly, Jason thought it wouldn't be long before she... but that wasn't a thought he liked to imagine.

Then there was Jason himself, and the fallout from losing the two foster parents he cared about the most.

He was doing well.

Wasn't he?

_...Wasn't he?_

Jason frowned. He finally seemed to recall something, stood up from his bed, and flinched when his feet touched the cold vinyl floor. He fumbled around and found his slippers under the bed and stepped inside them, then walked over to turn on the central heat before turning to look at his calendar.

And there it was.

Today was the day. Somehow, he had completely forgotten.

How could such an important event slip his mind?

"Something must be off with me..." Jason mumbled, looking at the floor with a pained expression. "I'm being totally dense today."

This apartment, funded by the last dregs of money at his disposal, was no longer within his ability to pay. He lost his job a few months ago. Even with his savings, he hadn't been able to last the winter without finding a new job.

Then, a month and a half ago, at the end of November, he stumbled across an advertisement online, talking about a new cryogenics procedure asking for volunteers.

Sign up, get paid $100,000 to go into cryostasis for one year, with the understanding that the scientists might fail to revive you. The payout was large enough to make him set his inhibitions aside and carefully consider whether or not this was a good idea.

Ultimately, since Cryotek was a reputable company that had successfully frozen and unfrozen monkeys, Jason decided to accept the offer. He called them up that day and set an appointment.

An appointment that had finally arrived.

"Today is the day." Jason said, looking at his scrawny reflection in the mirror. "My second chance."

At most, Jason weighed 140 pounds (65.5 kilos) soaking wet. Standing at just 5'10 (177.8cm) tall, he was an average-sized teenager, barely considered an adult by the law, but not much of an adult in mind and body.

Or at least that's how he felt yesterday. But for some reason, he didn't feel the same way today.

"Am I really that desperate?" Jason said out loud again, still not talking to anyone in particular. "I'm going to freeze myself for $100,000? Can't I come up with a better way to make money?"

He wandered over to his bedside table where he had laid out the waiver Cryotek made him sign. He frowned when he read some of the terms.

"Participant agrees to arrive on the specified date and submit themselves to a medical screening. Participant agrees to cryogenically place themselves in suspended animation for a duration of one year, or three hundred and sixty five days, in exchange for the agreed-upon reimbursement. If the client wishes to cancel these terms, he must pay... oh for the love of- what kind of idiot am I, agreeing to these terms? **Seriously?!** I have to pay a 20% cancellation fee if I want to back out? That's ridiculous! They're clearly just trying to exploit a young man with no worldly knowledge!"

He paused. Then he blinked.

"Though, that's what I am. Right? A young man. No worldly knowledge. It's only normal I'd be suckered by the $100,000 payout. And I'm depressed anyway. I think I am. I was? Am I depressed?"

Jason frowned again.

He was feeling _exceptionally_ strange today.

Everything told him that he possessed far more wisdom and knowledge than an 18 year old should have, along with insight obtainable only by living a long and fulfilling life. But when he tried to remember why he felt that way, he couldn't quite remember the reason.

"Strange. It's all so strange..." Jason muttered.

He walked over to the fridge and opened it, finding it to be exceptionally bare and poorly stocked. A couple cans of Coke and Pepsi were all that greeted his eyes, along with a mostly-empty jar of mayo, some wilted lettuce, and some ham and cheese well past their due dates.

"God. I live like such a slob. My wife would be pissed if she saw this." Jason muttered, as he shook his head and closed the fridge door. "Soda will just rot my teeth. I'm better off just drinking some water- huh?"

Jason paused again, a look of confusion clouding his eyes.

"Wife... do I have a wife?"

He looked around his small, studio apartment.

There were no signs of female activity to be seen.

"No. I don't. Weird. Thought for a second I... well, whatever. Man. It's going to be one of those days, huh? I guess the Cryotek thing is really stressing me out."

He shrugged.

"No way to back out now. Might as well just honor the commitment and get on with it. Hopefully I'll wake up in a year and just put this whole mess behind me. I can make that $100k stretch, too. Maybe start up a business or something."

Jason spent the next thirty minutes prepping himself for the day. He brushed his teeth, took a shower, then rifled through his drawers for some clean clothes.

"No sense in cleaning the place out." Jason muttered, before walking around and grabbing a few personal items, such as the photo of his foster family, and his cheap Acer laptop. "Never did like Mister Jonas anyway. That old shithead can clean it up himself. As far as he'll know-, I'll simply have disappeared off the face of the Earth."

Jason chuckled, thinking vicious thoughts about his mean old curmudgeon of a landlord. But then he stopped laughing and frowned.

"...What did he look like again? Feels like I haven't seen him in hundreds of years."

No matter how Jason tried, he couldn't recall Mister Jonas's face. Only his name. That left him feeling perplexed again.

"Man what is going ON with me today?" Jason groaned. "Get it together, man!"

Jason grabbed his duffel bag and backpack, grunting as he slung the duffel-strap over his shoulder to help assist in carrying it more comfortably.

"Well... guess this is it. Bye, tiny, cramped little apartment. Won't miss you."

Jason stepped outside, slammed his door shut, then began walking down the street, his new life ahead of him.

"It's only about ten blocks to Cryotek. I'll just walk." Jason muttered. "Fuck it. I'll grab some food along the way."

His wallet didn't have a lot of money left. Only about a hundred dollars. Enough for a couple of cab rides, but not nearly enough to cover rent.

As Jason walked, the bustling city center of Portland seemed to hum in the distance. Located about a mile from that area, Jason could still hear the distant wails of police sirens, ambulances, or perhaps firetrucks as they went around, saving lives.

There weren't a lot of people walking the streets at nine in the morning. Jason passed by a couple of gangster-looking men, one white and one Latino. They side-eyed his duffel bag, perhaps thinking about grabbing it for themselves.

But when they met Jason's eyes, despite his small and unassuming stature, they seemed to notice something formidable about him. They simply averted their eyes and kept walking.

Jason continued to walk. He thought about those two men and how in the past, when he walked past a couple of scary people like that, he'd be the one to avert his eyes instead. But this time, he felt no fear at all. Their threat level was so low it didn't even register for him, whereas they seemed to instinctively understand that he was not as simple as he seemed.

_When did I become so formidable?_ Jason wondered, metaphorically scratching his head. _I guess they just aren't that tough. Or maybe I'm overthinking it. Either way, they were only human. If they were Demons, that'd be a totally different story!_

But naturally, Jason corrected himself. _Not that demons exist. My brain is simply acting silly again._

His ever increasing awareness of his 'weird' thoughts became duller as time passed. He stopped at a local taco stand and bought himself a grande burrito, then sat down on a bench nearby, silently munching it as cars passed by. Normally, he'd tuck his bag of belongings under the bench, behind his feet, as if to protect it, but this time, he didn't even bother.

Despite casually eating his food, Jason watched the people around him carefully, as if to assess any possible threats. With surprising ease, he managed to pick out the benign passers-by and the malevolent ones as well. Portland, naturally, was a city with a decent amount of crime, so Jason always knew to keep his eyes out. But he even surprised himself with his observational skills.

_I guess I'm just good at this now, too._ He thought.

Jason glanced off to the side, where he saw a Renaissance festival taking place at the local park. Lots of men and women streamed inside, dressed in clothes resembling peasant and noble garb from the 1800's and before.

"Bet my wife would love to go to one of those..." Jason muttered, before frowning. "And there I go saying more weird shit."

He finished his burrito, tossed the wrapper in the trash, then picked up his bags and continued walking. Before long, he made it the ten blocks to the Cryotek Warehouse, where their two-story outer glass facade concealed the vast underground complex where all the cryogenic pods would ultimately be stored. The building shone in the midday light, making Jason squint as the reflected sun tried its damnedest to blind him.

With a deep sigh of resignation, Jason slowly strode into Cryotek, his hesitation palpable. Everything about this situation felt wrong to him, but he couldn't pin why. It almost felt as if an entirely different version of himself signed up for this, and he woke up today completely blindsided by what he had to do.

But ultimately, it was him who made the decision, and he had to abide by it, his terrible memory be damned.

"$20,000 to cancel. Man. What was I thinking?" Jason grumbled. "Who signs up for something like this unless they have a death wish? Then again, didn't I? It's so hard to remember."

The glass front doors slid open automatically, gliding along silently as warm, comforting air wafted against his body. Despite wearing a thick coat, sweat building up under his clothes still made him feel rather chilly.

Jason looked around the entry area. It was extremely large, a huge open space with a food court to the right where several Cryotek employees sat, enjoying their lunch break, their identities made obvious by the blue and white Cryotek logo emblazoned on their shirts. It was a fairly simply one, a vector image in the shape of a capsule with several tubes poking off to the side, with the company name boldly emblazoned on top.

To the left, a row of benches signaled the waiting area, where five other people were already sitting, nervousness palpable on their faces. Jason guessed they must be the other cryogenic study participants. Most of them were surprisingly young, but one surprisingly old man also joined the group. He appeared the least bothered by what was soon to happen. Jason assumed that was because he had the least left in his life. This time-extension might give him a shot at reviving in a slightly more distant future where age reversal tech was the slightest bit more advanced.

But then again, the human struggle against mortality was simply one of their species' defining traits. It was a timeless tale; the struggle of man versus death. It was a tale man was always destined to lose. Humans died, and that was that.

Jason walked forward, making eye contact with a curly-haired brunette with bright red lips. She smiled at him, but his heart didn't stir in the slightest. He found this slightly confusing, since he had always been a bit of a nerd when it came to women, and would even stumble over his words a little if someone attractive enough showed him any positive attention. Yet, now, her smile meant nothing to him.

_My wife's smile would be prettier._ Jason thought idly, reminiscing on some faceless idea of a 'wife' he clearly never had. Why he kept thinking about the idea of already having a wife, he could not understand.

"Jason Hiro." He said to the receptionist, noting her name-tag identified her as Leeta. He'd never heard the name before, but it sounded vaguely Greek. "I'm here for the uh... the cryogenic appointment."

"Hello, Jason! Thank you for making it in a little early!" Leeta chirped, smiling a little brighter at him. Despite his goofy appearance, he carried himself with a strange confidence, which she felt was noticeably more appealing than his thin frame and unimpressive bodily build implied. "I need you to sign some waivers before you start, consenting to all the procedures you'll be undergoing today. I will also need to register all the items you've brought along. Before we start, do your personal belongings contain any firearms, narcotics, or other paraphernalia?"

"No. Nothing like that." Jason said. "Pictures of family. Clothes. Some random knick-knacks."

"Alright, that's good to hear." Leeta responded, turning to type on her computer.

She fell silent, her fingers whizzing across the keys at a speed Jason found to be slightly awe-inspiring. How the heck was she so fast? She must have gone to college and aced her typing classes, or perhaps she just used computers a lot.

Perhaps if this was yesterday, Jason might express some visible interest on this subject and awkwardly chat her up, trying to fish for information, maybe try and make a positive impression.

But his heart just wasn't in it today. He felt like a completely different man, and in the end, what was typing speed as an accomplishment anyway? Fighting demons was a lot more impressive, and he only thought women who could do that were worth his time.

_Huh... what a strange thing to think._ Jason counter-thought, scrutinizing his mental tangents.

Leeta typed, and typed, and typed some more. Finally, she raised her eyes from her monitor to look at him.

"Have you ingested any food or drink within the last twelve hours?"

Jason blinked. "Uh... yes. Was I not supposed to?"

Leeta paused. She cocked her head slightly. "Our medical examiners should have gone over this with you last week. You aren't supposed to eat or drink anything before entering cryostasis. Did they fail to give you a call?"

"A call..." Jason said slowly, trying to recall if anything of the sort happened a week ago. 

Unfortunately, try as he might, he just couldn't think back that far. For some reason, a week ago might as well have been a hundred years.

"I... don't know." Jason said awkwardly. "Sorry. I'm having some... memory issues today. Not sure why. Feels like something changed last night and I can't place what."

"I see." Leeta said, frowning slightly. She smushed her lips together in a thoughtful sort of way, then reached for the phone. "Hold on. Let me call Ms. Langley over. She can examine you to make sure you're fit for cryostasis. Sudden memory issues could indicate a problem we need to be aware of."

Jason chewed his lower lip. "Uh... if I'm found to not be fit for stasis, will they cut me out of the tests? I... can't afford the cancellation fee."

"We can always work out a repayment plan." Leeta said with a smile. "You have insurance, right?"

"Insurance." Jason repeated, losing himself momentarily in thought. "Insurance. I do. I might? I'm not sure. I don't remember."

"You don't remember that either?" Leeta asked, raising her eyebrow another millimeter. "Let's just have Ms. Langley inspect you before we take any drastic steps."

Jason nodded slowly, feeling a pit start to form in his stomach. He did not like the way this conversation was going. "S-sure. Alright."

At Leeta's request, he wandered over to the waiting area and sat down across from the old man, and beside a young blonde woman with long hair. She was even more drop-dead gorgeous than Leeta, but as before, her beauty didn't move him. Somehow, despite being eighteen, the same age as Jason, he found her to be way too young for his tastes.

_I feel like I'm into older women now._ Jason thought absentmindedly. _At least more mature ones. When did that happen?_

The old man looked at Jason, grunting gruffly at him.

"Having trouble?"

Jason nodded. "I think so. Memory issues. I also ate food before I came here. I hope they don't make me cancel. I can't afford the twenty thousand dollar fee..."

"Young kids like you shouldn't be here." The old man grumbled. "If they give you any trouble, I'll pay that fee for you. No worries. I'm loaded. Pulled some strings to get myself into this test."

Jason blinked. "You're rich, but you signed up for cryostasis? Why?"

"I have a rare neurological disease." The old man said. "My hope is that if I freeze myself, a certain new treatment the Chinese recently devised may have passed FDA approval by the time I get out. Otherwise... I probably won't meet a good end."

"Oh." Jason said, not quite sure how to respond. "That's heavy."

"Yeah. Problem is, President Chutley is rumored to be passing a six-month freeze on FDA approvals. It's got me spooked. Hope we vote that cunt out by next year."

"Yeah. Same." Jason responded, once again unsure of how to continue the conversation's flow. He didn't know much about politics, and he didn't have much of an impression of Chutley at all.

Jason glanced at the blonde girl sitting beside him. She looked up and met his gaze.

"So, why are you entering Cryostasis?" Jason asked.

"I'm not." The girl replied. "I came here to see someone off."

"Gotcha. I hope that works out for you." Jason replied.

The girl remained quiet for a moment, looking into Jason's eyes before looking away.

"How about you?" She asked. "Are you still planning to go along with this procedure?"

"Yeah." Jason answered, before pausing. "Well. Actually. I don't know. Maybe. I can't afford the cancellation fee. It's only for a year, anyway. The $100k will be a big boon for me. I just don't know what I was thinking when I chose to come here."

"You're having second thoughts?" She asked, looking at him more carefully.

_This girl is kind of intense._ Jason thought, wondering why she was asking such pointed questions.

"Something like that. But I'll go along with it if they okay things for me. By the way... do I know you?"

Jason squinted slightly. The more he looked at her, the more familiar she seemed.

A faint spark of light seemed to flicker in the girl's eyes. "I don't know. _Do you?_"

"My name's Jason." Jason said. "What's yours? Did we maybe go to the same school or something?"

"We didn't." The girl said. "We definitely didn't. But my name is Daisy..."

"Oh, Daisy?" Jason repeated, frowning slightly.

After a few moments, he smiled. "That's a pretty name."

Daisy's smile seemed to deflate, ever so slightly. "Thanks."

Once again, Jason felt slightly confused. Daisy's reactions weren't quite what he thought they'd be. She almost seemed to be expecting something from him, but he couldn't place what it was.

After a few moments, Daisy stood up. She smiled at him, then sighed. "No matter what choice you make, I'm rooting for you."

"Oh. Well, thank you." Jason said, mystified by her strange words. "I'm, uh, rooting for you too."

Daisy stared at him again, then she turned and walked away. She briskly exited Cryotek, leaving Jason to his thoughts.

Jason glanced around the waiting area. There were a couple other people seated not far away, but two weird conversations in a row made him apprehensive about chatting anyone else up.

Luckily, at that moment, a door behind the reception desk swished open, and a brown-haired woman with permed curls and big thick-rimmed glasses strode out, turning to the waiting area to scan the group of four before looking directly at him.

"Jason Hiro?" She asked.

He stood up, hefted his duffel bag and backpack, then quickly strode over to the woman. "That's me."

She extended her hand. "I'm Rebecca Langley, one of the assistant medical examiners here at Cryotek. Would you mind coming with me to the back to answer some questions?"

Jason quickly reached out and shook her hand, taking care to match her strength. It was never okay in his book to crush another person's hand when they offered, and personally he hated when big macho-types pulled that crap to assert dominance or whatever.

"Hello, is it okay if I call you Rebecca, or do you prefer Ms. Langley?"

"Rebecca is fine." She said, smiling back at him. "Just follow me to my office and we'll make this quick, alright?"

Jason nodded. He and Rebecca headed into the back, down a spacious corridor, past multiple office doors, until they arrived at one with Rebecca's name on the glass. She lead him inside, then pulled the blinds shut and closed the door.

"No cubicles, huh?" Jason said, to make conversation. "That must be nice."

He took a seat at the desk, and Rebecca sat opposite him, turning to look at her flatscreen display with a smile.

"Oh, it is. Cryotek has treated me excellently compared to my last job. The pay isn't too bad either, plus I get benefits."

"Benefits." Jason repeated. "That's nice these days, what with rumors of that super-flu in the news."

"I'm sure Cryotek will take good care of me." Rebecca replied, keeping her tone diplomatic and professional. "Now, what's this about the memory issues you've been experiencing? Can you give me more details?"

"Of course." Jason said. "So, it started this morning when I woke up. I just wasn't feeling like myself, and I've been having all kinds of weird thoughts..."

Keeping the strangest thoughts to himself, particularly those weird ones about demons and liking 'mature' women, Jason explained to Rebecca over the next few minutes the odd gaps in his memory and his internal musings that didn't seem to sync up with what he should have been like yesterday, or the day before.

Rebecca, to her credit, listened silently and without judgment, only pausing to ask follow-up questions.

Eventually, she nodded and typed some words on her computer.

"I'll need to run a MRI to be sure, but it doesn't sound like anything serious."

"It doesn't?" Jason asked, feeling slightly baffled.

"I'm actually a PhD neurologist, you see." Rebecca explained. "What you're describing is most likely stress-induced memory loss. I won't lie, you're not the first person to go through something like this prior to entering a clinical trial as... scary... as the first human-tested cryostasis treatment. I'm sure you've been having second thoughts as the day drew nearer, but today when you woke up, your mind briefly shut down and 'rebooted' in a sense. Naturally, if you want to back out of the trial, you can, but these memory issues are not life-threatening, and they will not require we cancel the treatment on our end."

Internally, Jason's frown turned a little ugly.

_What she said sort of sounds right, but it also sounds like medical and legal jargon to ensure I can't get out of paying the $20k cancellation fee. They're willing to endanger my life so long as they get their clinical trial!_

But unfortunately, Jason had no leverage he could apply. Likely, there were other participants waiting in a queue list, and if he tried finding a way to cancel, he'd only end up stuck with a bill, while Cryotek would replace him immediately.

"I... think I understand." Jason replied. "So I'm still good to go for entering Cryostasis?"

"Yes." Rebecca answered. "However, the fact that you ate food presents a different problem. We're going to have to ask you to wait twelve hours before we can allow you to complete the final steps."

"Oh. Twelve hours." Jason said, feeling slightly gloomy. "It's 9:30 AM. So... I won't be able to get in until 9:30 PM?"

"Right. You can wait out in the lobby, if you like." Rebecca 'helpfully' suggested. "Or you can rent a hotel. But if you eat food again, you'll have to wait until tomorrow to come back. Any further delays beyond that will be considered a cancellation."

"I... I understand." Jason said, feeling his heart sink again. Cryotek were really gunning to make sure he entered Cryostasis. Most likely, there was some sort of government contract involved, or some backroom deal. They needed to ensure the participants joined and the clinical trials were proven safe and effective, at all costs.

After filling out some paperwork and registering his belongings, Jason left the back area of Cryotek and entered the lobby once more, this time only carrying his backpack. He left his duffel bag in the personal belongings lockbox where he would be able to pick them up a year down the road, after his stasis was over.

Slowly, Jason shuffled over to the waiting area seats. He sat down across from the old man again and sighed.

"Problems?" The old man asked.

"No. Quite the opposite. The brown-haired lady said I was fit as a fiddle, so barring the MRI scan revealing a severe neurological issue that sprung up in the last month, I'd have to enter stasis or pay the cancellation fee."

"Hmm. Don't worry about it, kid. I already told you I'd pay that fee if you want out." The old man grunted, his tone dismissive. "Hell, I'll give you a hundred grand to go out and live your best life. Young brat like you ain't got no reason to be here."

Jason looked at the old man in surprise. Was he serious?

"You'd... really do that?"

"I'm worth $212 million. It's pocket change." The old man bragged. "Maybe you've heard of me. Seymour Madrid?"

Jason slowly shook his head. "...Nope. Can't say I have."

"That's fair. I'm the CFO of American Eagle Bank. At least, I was. I tendered my resignation to enter stasis. They put in some thirty-something brat after I left. Place is going to shit anyway. I cashed out before the next housing bubble pops."

Jason blinked. _This guy really doesn't talk like some wealthy banker. I'd never have guessed._

"Well," Jason finally said, "I'd love the help with paying the cancellation fee, but you don't need to give me any money beyond that. I can figure things out on my own. Somehow, I feel like I'm brimming with ideas for the future, when I wasn't yesterday. No idea why, it's just a strange confidence I have in myself."

"Haha! See, now that's what a young man should say." Seymour chuckled, smiling wide and making his beard and mustache vibrate. "Don't worry about it. I'll even give you two hundred grand, since you're such an upright little bugger. Go and get your stuff, leave the rest to me. I'll make some calls."

Jason smiled at him. "You really don't have to, but... thanks. Nobody's ever helped me like this before."

"I wasn't such a good man in the past." Seymour said, his smile fading a little. "You have to be cutthroat and vicious, stepping on people littler than you, to get ahead in the banking industry. Maybe I'm just trying to make up for my past. Don't think too much on it."

Jason nodded. His smile warmed a little more, and he stood up, thanking Seymour once again.

After that, he strode over to the front desk, to speak to Leeta, but at that moment, something surprising happened.

Cryotek's front doors swished open. Four men wearing government uniforms with _FBI_ emblazoned on the front and back entered, their hands on their hip holsters. All of them wore sunglasses and baseball caps, also sporting their agency's name across the front. A pang of alarm went through the lobby as they immediately drew a lot of attention.

The man in the lead held up a walkie-talkie looking device, and it made a pinging noise as he swept it in a wide arc across the lobby, pausing when it started making ping-ping-ping sounds rapid-fire. It only made those noises once he pointed at Jason, so all four men quickly turned to assess the young man.

"It's him?" One of the men asked.

"Code 3-14." The white-haired man in the lead replied. "Blonde hair, blue eyes. Matches the description."

Jason's heart jumped slightly. He didn't know why, but these men were clearly looking for him.

"Sir. Young man." The man in the lead said, approaching Jason with a look of caution on his face. "I'm Agent Silver, with the FBI. I need your identification, please. This is a matter of national security."

_The fuck? National security?_ Jason thought, growing more bewildered by the second.

His hands started to shake as two of the agents move to the sides, slightly encircling him.

Slowly, carefully, with all eyes on the lobby fixed on him, Jason reached into his back pocket, and retrieved his wallet. Then he opened it up and pulled out his state ID and handed it to Silver.

Silver took the ID from him, then he touched the side of his head, where Jason noticed a small cord draping down from his ear.

"Identification acquired. Subject's name is Jason L. Hiro, that's Juliet-Alfa-Sierra-Oscar..."

Silver quickly spelled out Jason's name in the NATO phonetic alphabet, then nodded as someone replied inaudibly in his ear.

"Jason Hiro, we're going to need you to come with us for questioning." Silver said.

"What? Questioning?" Jason asked, feeling slightly scared by this random turn of events. "Have I done something wrong?"

"We need you to come with us for questioning." Silver repeated. "Are you refusing to comply?"

"No, no, I'll comply." Jason said, his legs starting to shake. "I-I just want to know what's going on! I didn't do anything wrong."

"Young man, this is a matter of national security. I am not obliged to speak of the details at this time."

Seeing that there was no way out, Jason reluctantly nodded.

"O-okay. I'll come. But- but my appointment with Cryotek-"

"We'll handle whatever business you had going on today." Silver replied. "Your ID."

He handed Jason's state ID back to him, and Jason shakily stored it back in his wallet, nearly dropping both due to his nerves. A minute later, he strode outside, flanked by two men on both sides, feeling humiliated and fearful for his life.

Luckily, the FBI didn't cuff him. He might have crawled into a hole and died if they did.

_I didn't do anything!_ Jason thought, his eyes trembling with panic. _What the hell is this all about?!_

As he stepped into a van, followed by the four agents, a young blonde woman sat on a bench some distance away. She stared at the happenings, a frown on her face.

"Hmm? This isn't right. I thought he was going to enter the cryopod today? But why would the future change? Is it because of me?"

She bit her lip, unsure whether or not to intervene. As the van started to move, her eyes illuminated with a momentary glow, and she sent a pulse of energy toward it. Having successfully tagged her target, Daisy Hiro stood up and massaged her chin.

"They'd better not hurt him. _American scum._"

Then, she vanished from the spot, disappearing into thin air.