Solomon appeared before Jason. His expression turned somber as he gestured toward the top of Jason's head. "My Crown was an incredible tool. You've barely tapped into its latent potential. To expedite teaching you about the angels and demons, I'm going to activate a direct mental link."

"Okay," Jason replied. "What does that mean? Don't I already have that link? I mean, it's sitting on top of my head. That's pretty direct."

The ancient king frowned. "Not quite. My artifact holds a vast array of knowledge, much of which I took from demons, angels, and humans during my prime. I can also pull from the memories of the Archangels here, allowing you to visualize the past as if you were living it yourself."

Before Jason could reply, Raphael interrupted, a note of alarm in his voice. "Solomon! How dost thee intend to use our memories?"

Solomon paused. "Ah, sorry, I won't touch yours, Raphael. Michael and Gabriel's recollections would be quite sufficient."

A drop of sweat dripped down Raphael's forehead. He quickly dabbed at it. "Ah, of course. Good. Good. Carry on."

Raphael's guardedness roiled strangely in Jason's mind. Raphael was unusually secretive about the past, specifically regarding what happened before his people wiped their memories. _What terrible events must have unfolded for him to be so cautious?_ Jason thought.

Guardedly returning his attention to Solomon, Jason nodded. "Alright. How will your little vision system work?"

Solomon waved his hand. In the air before him, a holographic display appeared with images of hundreds of white-skinned, red-skinned, and dark-skinned beings of many shapes and sizes.

"Anyone who has worn my Crown in life, or anyone I touched while I was still alive, donated their knowledge to me wittingly or unwittingly. In the case of the demons, I even obtained the memories of any souls they had ingested. Quite handy. As I said, my Crown holds the collective knowledge and memories of seven-hundred thousand living and deceased humans, angels, and demons — even a few Volgrim."

Jason raised an eyebrow. "Oh? I'd like to learn about the Volgrim first."

"No, you don't," Solomon replied, annoyance in his voice. "In due time. Let's bring you up to speed on the others first. I'll begin with the Day of Betrayal."

"That sounds ominous. What happened?"

"You'll see," the ancient king replied. He shot a glance at Raphael, then back to his holographic display. "I hope this isn't too disorienting for anyone."

He tapped a button on the screen. Jason's vision went black.

..................................................

Somewhere between one and five seconds later, Jason blinked his eyes open. A sea of colors flooded his mind, taking him several moments to adjust.

Green. Red. Yellow. A garden. A forest. Hedges, vines, and trees spread out into the distance before him.

People walking around. Wings. They had wings. Ah, they were angels.

After a moment, Jason tried to move, but his body wouldn't respond. He couldn't move his hands, or his head, or even adjust his gaze. However, as if a puppeteer was controlling his body, his arm raised to pluck at an instrument, creating a soft sound.

A harp sat before him. He had never played one before, but he recognized it immediately. Several dozen angels sat in a half-circle and gazed at him as he strummed the instrument, some on stone benches, others on the ground. One of the men hung upside-down from a tree branch! Somehow, despite never performing before, Jason plucked the harp like a seasoned professional, with beauty and grace. The smiles on the faces around him appeared light-hearted, as if Jason could make a dozen mistakes, but nobody would care. The performance was intended to be light-hearted and fun, not a professional show.

Jason's mouth opened. "La la la~ lalala~"

The voice that escaped Jason's lips wasn't his. It was female. Lovely, too, with a lovely lilt and cadence Jason could listen to all day.

As the woman continued strumming, Jason glanced at her hand and noticed her soft, supple skin was noticeably darker than many of the angels nearby. It seemed she was younger than the others, perhaps in her twenties.

After several minutes, she finished her song. The onlookers clapped politely. One of the girls sent an enthusiastic grin Jason's way. "That was delightful, Uzziel! How art thou so talented?"

"Lots of practice!" Uzziel replied. The sensation of her mouth moving was uncanny to Jason, but he found himself growing used to it as the minutes passed. "Shall I play another?"

The angel hanging from the tree crossed his arms. "Hmm. Thy eyes appear to blink heavily, sister. Do not push thyself unnecessarily."

A yawn escaped Uzziel's lips. She blinked slowly. "Ah, perhaps thou art right, Elphin. Three evenings back-to-back surely aren't good for my health. I'll stop, for now."

The others nodded appreciatively. "There is no need to exhaust thyself. Enjoy a good rest, Uzziel."

Standing up, Uzziel slipped past the harp and stretched the kinks out of her back. The other angels dispersed, leaving her alone with Elphin. The angel hopped from his tree and landed deftly. Jason could barely tell him apart from any other male picked at random, save for a thornless rose tucked behind his ear. Elphin's white hair blended with the majority of other angels, but a few of the women had dyed hair in different colors. Uzziel brushed hers to the side, allowing Jason to catch a glimpse of it. It was a light sea-green color, spilling into curls past her shoulders.

Elphin fell into place beside Uzziel as they turned and walked past a large, stone fountain. "Overworking thy body is undesirable, milady. As the Creator orders, we mustn't waste what we can save for another day."

"'Tis no problem," Uzziel replied. "A little fatigue was a small price to pay for making her family smile."

"Of course," Elphin said, keeping his voice neutral. "I still think a few days of rest are in order. If you would-"

Elphin paused mid-sentence and raised his eyes to the sky, as did Uzziel. Hundreds of feet above, a single figure soared toward them, decelerating as he drew near. What interested Jason more was that this place, wherever it was, appeared to be illuminated by an all-encompassing source of light. No sun sat suspended in the sky above. Instead, the light came from all directions at once.

_Where does the light come from?_ Jason thought.

Solomon's voice replied in his mind. _You haven't realized yet, but this is the Garden of Eden, one of the most beautiful places in Heaven._

_Oh,_ Jason mused. _Heaven. That explains a lot._

The winged figure swooped toward them and stalled out at the last second, tilting his wings to freeze thirty feet above. He landed gently in the field, allowing Jason to get a good look at him.

A golden mask covered the top half of the newcomer's face. It rose several inches above his hair and a few inches to the right and left of his head, tapering off into feather-like protrusions, as if it could leap from his face and fly away whenever it wished — the man's bare, muscular chest rippled with strength. Tattoos of various animals, including a bear, wolf, and lion, dotted his chest and arms. The bottom half of a toga was all that covered his waist.

The man approached Uzziel. Before he uttered a word, Jason noticed the irritation on his face. His lips curled into a frown. "Uzziel, I require a moment of thy time."

Uzziel paused. "Certainly, Samael. What is the matter?"

"It's the imps. The little wretches-" He paused to look elsewhere and compose himself. "Thy... thy _children_ destroyed one of my experiments."

"Oh, no! That's terrible!" Uzziel's voice lilted in alarm. "Surely, 'twas an accident?"

Samael tossed his right hand flippantly in the air. "Tch. I haven't a clue. I told the little bast- the _imps_ to leave me alone. They always pester and annoy me. That Satan fellow causes problems every damned-"

"Okay, okay," Uzziel said, interrupting Samael. Uzziel stepped toward him and rested a hand on his shoulder. "I apologize, brother. I'll discipline him at once."

Samael met Uzziel's gaze for several seconds, then averted his eyes. "Gah. Thy fascination with the red rats perplexes me. They fail the simplest tasks. They trip us underfoot. I wish they would all fall in a pit of-"

"That's enough, brother," Uzziel said. Her tone darkened noticeably. "I don't want to hear another word. The Heated Pond called for thee. Take a break and relax. I'll handle my children."

Samael licked his lips. He glanced at Elphin and sighed. "Very well. I'll leave the matter in thy capable hands."

"Indeed," Uzziel said, leaning forward to peck him on the cheek.

Samael ran his fingers through his hair and stomped toward the garden, leaving Elphin and Uzziel alone.

Elphin grunted. "Thy brother's words might be unpleasant, but I don't disagree with him. The imps were little more than nuisances."

"They sustain us," Uzziel replied. "What fate do they deserve? Shall I smite them dead? The imps were my children. I shall continue to treat them as such."

"Of course. I would never ask thee to commit an act as heinous as genocide. In any case, I'll take my leave now. Camael requested my assistance with testing a new artifact."

Uzziel nodded, but it felt diplomatic. "Farewell, Elphin."

The male turned and flew off into the distance, leaving Uzziel all by herself. Jason didn't know who anyone was, but something about the way Uzziel spoke to Elphin told him she wasn't as close to him as she was Samael. Perhaps he wasn't a close relative? Did angels have spouses? In-laws?

Solomon replied in Jason's mind. _Uzziel is an Archangel, as is Samael, Camael, Uriel, Raphael, Michael, and Gabriel. Additionally, Cassiel and Muriel used to live among their ranks, but they passed away during the wars against the Dragons and Titans._

_Oh,_ Jason replied. _That sucks._

_Indeed. Elphin, however, was a Cherub. Along with the Seraphs and Opaphs, they were considered the defenders of Heaven, ranked above other non-combatants, but below Archangels. Elphin was a renowned warrior during the Dragon War._

_He sounds powerful._

_In a manner of speaking._

Uzziel continued walking ahead. Birds chirped above, bees buzzed past, and as she passed through the gardens, she snatched an apple off the ground and bit into it, relishing the sweet juiciness as it ran down her chin. Solomon's Crown might present the past as only a vision, but Jason's mouth watered from the rich, delectable taste of the fruit. The thoughts of pizza and lasagna and all the other human food Jason had ever eaten melted away as he swallowed the first chunk of it. He wanted more.

Uzziel bit into it as she walked, savoring every morsel. When she finished, she stared longingly at the core for a moment before dropping it to the ground.

_The fruits and vegetables in Heaven were much purer than anything on Earth,_ Solomon said. _Uzziel infused them with large amounts of spiritual energy. Having tasted one of Heaven's apples during my lifetime, all other fruits became like dust in my mouth. It was a bittersweet moment, knowing I would never taste anything so good for the rest of my life. Eventually, the sensation passed. I forced myself to forget._

_I can see why,_ Jason replied. _This was merely a vision of Heaven's fruit. I could only imagine how the real deal would have tasted._

_Angels didn't require sustenance, but they would sometimes eat during formal occasions if necessary. Sadly, only mana-infused fruit held any taste for them. It was a double-edged blade, in my opinion._

An ancient Greek temple arose in the distance. Jason recognized the stonework immediately, even though he had never been to Greece. Pillars of chiseled rock supported an archway hundreds of feet above, towering over the angels milling about on its doorstep. Latin letters etched into it revealed the name of the building. Thanks to the Crown, Jason was able to read them.

_The Temple of Elderium._

Dozens of other buildings, also Greek-style, littered the city around it. Angels walked and flew from place to place, while some even relaxed atop various roofs, chatting with one another to pass the time.

Soon, Jason noticed something else. Amidst the angels, tiny little creatures skittered about, ducking and dodging the legs of the giants above. Their red skin and bulbous eyes marked them immediately as imps.

One imp carried several scrolls in his arms. He expertly dodged the angels around him as he ran toward the giant temple. "'Scuse me! Me bad! Sorry!"

Just before the little guy made it to the stairs, one angel landed directly in front of him at the base of the temple, causing the imp to leap backward in surprise, trip, and spill the scrolls all over the ground.

"No! No! Aw, geez!" The demon scrambled to grab his papers while the angel who landed before him scowled.

"Watch it, fool! I nearly tripped over thy fat head!"

"S-sorry! No mean to! Big accident!"

"Apologies are certainly in order. Ugly rat." The man flipped his hair back and strode into the temple.

Uzziel walked over to the imp and dropped to her knees. "Art thou alright, little one? The skies avail thee! Keep an eye above. Elderium was always a busy place."

The imp glanced up at Uzziel as he grabbed the last scroll. "Oh! Mudder Uzziel! Me work hard! Make happy!"

"Aye," Uzziel said, smiling. She leaned forward to smooch the little guy on his forehead, then Jason remembered a moment later it was Uzziel doing the kissing, and not him. _Yuck. Easily the worst part of the vision so far,_ Jason thought.

The imp scampered inside, leaving Uzziel alone. She stood up and sighed, then scanned the plaza to look for something.

She spotted it. Or rather, Uzziel did. Jason hadn't the faintest clue what she saw, but the Archangel took off in the opposite direction from the temple toward a statue of a lion clawing toward the sky. As she approached it, Jason spotted another imp holding onto one of the lion's legs with one hand, while balling his other into a fist and pumping it in the air. He leaned away from the statue and suspended himself a few feet above the ground.

"Too much work! Never get sleep! Imps have rights! Big chickens think own us!"

Several angels nearby stared at Satan, whispering to themselves conspiratorially, as if they were trying to figure out what to do with him. At the base of the statue, several of Satan's fellow imps stared up at him, awe in their eyes.

"You said it! Big boss right! Need more food, better beds!"

Uzziel stopped several feet away, off to their side, and crossed her arms. None of the imps noticed her until she spoke. "Satan! What is the meaning of this? Work should be at the top of thy itinerary, not idle chatter."

Satan's triumphant fist-pumping came to a screeching halt. His eyes bolted open as he turned his head to face Uzziel. "Ah! Mudder! It's mudder Uzziel!"

_Mother..._ Jason thought, mentally correcting Satan's poor linguistic ability. _Get down from there. Thou art causing a disturbance._

A few angels walked by, glanced at Uzziel, then the imps, and looked away, satisfied she seemed to be taking care of things. The others from before dispersed now that Uzziel had arrived. It appeared Uzziel was someone respected by her peers. Her title of Archangel wasn't for nothing.

Satan lowered his head guiltily and slid down the side of the statue, then stood meekly, waiting for Uzziel's judgment. "S-sorry, mudder..."

"Sorry doesn't cut it. Not this time." Uzziel snapped each word, biting them off angrily. "Verily, thou dids't destroy one of Samael's experiments! What hath thee to say for thyself?"

"It was ask-i-dent," Satan replied. "Didn't mean break it..."

"When last we spoke, I delivered thee an ultimatum. I wasn't joking. Now I must punish thee, even though it breaks my heart to do so."

The other imps lowered their heads contritely. "Satan good boy. No hurt him, please, mudder."

Uzziel sighed and tilted her head back to inhale deeply. "Haah... what shall I do? Samael and Michael want thy head on a stake. A beating won't accomplish anything, but since thou dost continue to stir up trouble in Heaven, ye leave me no choice."

Several seconds passed. Uzziel lowered her head to nod at them. "Alright. Thy punishment shall be... banishment."

Satan raised his eyes. "B-band-ish-mint?"

"That's right. It means ye can no longer live in Heaven, nor can thy comrades. I'll have to banish everyone standing here to Earth."

Satan glanced at the imps nearby. "What she mean?"

"Dunno," another imp replied. "Word too big."

Uzziel pointed her fingers at each imp, one by one, and muttered under her breath, "Agares, Valac, Lucy, Diablo... looks like there are about fifteen of them. How unfortunate."

Uzziel recognized them. Jason did not. Jason kept forgetting she was the one in control. Sometimes Jason felt as though his mind was on the brink of merging with hers.

Jason didn't understand why she wanted to banish the demons. What was their crime? Asking for better living conditions? Breaking some random gadget? Being a little annoying?

_Something seems fucked-up here,_ Jason thought. _Maybe it's because I come from the 21st century, but I think the angels are treating the imps terribly. The little guys do their best, but the angels have nothing but irrational hatred for them._

Uzziel beckoned to the dozen or so imps. "Follow me, please. I'll guide thee to Heaven's Gate."

The imps nodded and followed after her. Satan cocked his head. "Big gate? That place go to Earth. We no allowed there."

"Correct," Uzziel replied. "'Tis true under normal circumstances. However, I cannot stand the thought of ending thy lives. Thou art my beloved children, after all."

The imp's eyes went wide with fear. Still, they followed after Uzziel. Since she knew all of their identities, fleeing would not do them any favors. They would never escape her wrath.

_How many imps are in Heaven?_ Jason wondered to himself.

_Far too many,_ came Michael's reply. _I would estimate there were around thirty-five thousand of the little red bastards running around._

_I don't understand your constant hostility. What did the imps ever do to you? It looks to me like they were only slaves at this point._

_Don't mind Michael,_ Raphael chimed in. _He never liked the imps from the beginning. I tried to keep my opinion of them in check, but I never came close to Uzziel's enthusiasm. She was the only Archangel who truly cared about their fates. On several occasions, the imps would frenzy about and tear apart priceless scrolls or documents. Some of those held information I considered more precious than my life._

_Oh? Why did they do that, then? You make the imps sound like they were little assholes, always on the prowl to cause mischief and mayhem._

_That's because they were!_ Michael snarled. _All they wanted was to-_

_Michael. Calm thyself,_ Gabriel said. _Those were the ancient days. Dwelling on the past will only bring thee grief._

Several moments passed. Uzziel continued to walk away from the city district toward 'Heaven's Gate,' oblivious to the conversation between Jason and the Archangels.

_Ancient. So ye say,_ Michael said, much more quietly. _We've lived for millions, perhaps even billions of years. What is a hundred thousand years compared to the blood of my kin spilling across my chest, or a sister dying in my arms? The so-called Ancient Times ache in my chest today as much as they did then._

All three Archangels went silent. Solomon cleared his throat and changed topics. _Let's skip ahead, Jason._

Time fast-forwarded. Ten miles zipped past in an instant, and soon the Temple of Elderium was long behind Uzziel. Jason could barely make out a great tree far to the East, but Uzziel turned to the West, toward a massive granite obelisk, one with two cherubs parked before it and a glowing gateway at the bottom.

Jason couldn't see through the glowing portal. Wherever it led was a mystery. Uzziel gestured toward it, motioning for the imps to step through.

One of the cherub guards held up his hand. "Ah, milady Uzziel. By Gabriel's orders, I must stop thee. What is thy business with these imps?"

"I'm banishing them," Uzziel replied. "These little ones have caused more mischief than anyone would like. I'm banishing them to Earth where they won't trouble us anymore."

The armored angel tilted his head toward his friend. "Ah..."

His friend shrugged. "Sister Uzziel is an Archangel. 'Tis her prerogative."

The first one turned back to Uzziel. "Thou knoweth we must inform Gabriel, correct?"

"No need to bother," Uzziel replied. "I'll do so myself. Feel free, though, if ye wish."

"A-alright, milady. Do as thou please. But, ah... by taking these imps outside, dost thou understand that, ah, the treaty...?"

"The Titans. Yes. I understand."

"Excellent. Far be it for us to obstruct thee."

Both cherubs stepped aside, unbarring the path. Uzziel smiled sweetly at them and allowed the imps to exit, then followed after a moment later.

Passing through Heaven's Gate sent the same waves of disorientation through Jason as the portals in the Labyrinth Core sent. A sharp rushing of air impacted his ears, but he adjusted within seconds.

A large, hollow chamber greeted Jason. Wherever they were, it was dark and cave-like. The imps glanced around, shifting from one foot to the other. They were unsettled. So was Jason.

They continued walking together, and Gabriel spoke inside Jason's mind.

_Dost thee remember this place, Michael?_

_I wish I could forget._

Gabriel's voice tightened. _Thou dost lay the blame on thyself, but I was at fault too. I should have helped Uriel._

_We all should,_ Raphael said. _I couldn't tell the changeling apart from Michael. 'Twas a dastardly deed._

Jason listened to their conversation, and a sickening sense of dread overcame him.

_Hold on. Uriel. Changeling. Are you referring to... to when Samantha killed her?_

Seconds passed. The sound of Uzziel's bare feet slapping against the damp ground was the only sound. Even the imps were unusually quiet.

Raphael coughed. _Kuh. Samantha. Surely, thou referreth to Belial._

_Yes. Her. What happened?_

_That witch. That she-devil,_ Michael whispered, rage in his voice. _I hate her. I hate everything about her. Belial assumed my form at the beginning of the War in Heaven. She told Uriel to cease her defense of Heaven's outer gates. When Uriel refused... Belial killed her._

Silence followed.

Jason stared ahead blankly, paying little attention to anything Uzziel saw.

_Son of a bitch. I don't believe it. I mean... I do, but it's simply... unbelievable._

_Hope spoke to Neil six years ago,_ Jason reflected bitterly. _I overheard the conversation. Hope warned Neil that Samantha killed Uriel. I didn't understand the full context back then, but... but now..._

_I don't know what to do. Samantha is Phoebe's close friend. If she did kill an Archangel, what does that mean?_

_Was Hope right?_

_Do we have a double-agent in our midst?_

_You're more reserved than usual,_ Solomon said. _Having second thoughts? About Samantha, I mean._

_A few. You knew what she did, didn't you? When Hope told me about Samantha and Uriel... and when I apologized to Samantha, you were there both times. Why didn't you say anything?_

_I didn't feel the need._

_That's a terrible answer._

Solomon paused to think before replying. _Well, Jason, don't you believe people can change?_

_Maybe. But there's a difference between shifts in personality and... and... murdering someone!_

Michael interjected. _I don't believe anyone can change. We are who we are. If the Creator wished for me to be a fair-skinned boyish figure, I'd have little say in the matter. Instead, he created me to be the ultimate warrior angel. As for Belial, he made her into a lying, murderous snake._

_But if the Creator has a plan, then wouldn't that mean he planned for Belial to kill Uriel?_

_He works in mysterious ways._

Jason coughed. _Krmph. If you ask me, the Creator sounds like an asshole._

_Blasphemy!_ Michael barked. _I won't hear another word._

_Suit yourself._

Jason tried to swallow the rock in his throat. He wanted to push it down into his stomach, but Uzziel's body prevented him from doing that. _When these visions conclude, I'll have to confront Samantha for the second time._

_Maybe murderers can change._

_I pray they can._

As if reading his thoughts, Solomon spoke. _These visions will reveal everything you need to know, Jason. The War in Heaven was the most pivotal moment in Earth's history. It shaped everything to come. Listen carefully, open your mind, and soon you may understand a millionth of the things I do._

_Yeah, sure. Don't pat yourself on the back too hard,_ Jason replied.

After a minute, Uzziel and the imps wound their way through another underground cave. A wall of light slammed against their faces as she found the cave exit. The midday sun shone overhead, scorching the land with hundred-degree heat.

Reflexively, Uzziel wiped Jason's forehead. Her forehead. Jason had a hard time keeping things straight.

"Okay~! We're here. Welcome to thy new home."

Satan slowly inched out of the cave opening. A small plateau led to a sheer drop of several hundred feet, and after that, the mountain veered into a steep incline until it reached the base a mile below.

"Um... mudder Uzziel?"

"Yeees~?"

"We no can fly..."

Jason almost heard the gears turning in Uzziel's mind.

"Oh. Right. Well, we wanted the entrance to Heaven to be as remote as possible. This is Mount Sinai's steepest face."

Satan wrung his stubby fingers together, glanced at the other imps, then back at Uzziel. "Errmm... me no want go. Where get food? Where get sleep?"

"Thou shalt have to find a way to survive," Uzziel replied softly. "I'm sorry, love. It hurts me to say, but thou dids't bring this upon thyself. I tried to help thee many times, but disobedience was all ye gave me in return. Fear not. There are mice and bugs and fruit to eat on Earth as well. As long as thy wits stay sharp, thou shalt survive for many a moon. I will try to visit now and then, but I have other children to care for."

Turning to the entrance, Uzziel motioned with her hands. Energy flowed through her body in a way she had never experienced before. Warmth and joy sent ecstasy coursing through her veins. The mountainside flattened out, turning into a steep, unclimbable slope. However, the texture smoothed out like polished bedrock, creating a slide all the way to the base of the mountain.

For a moment, Jason half-expected Uzziel to ride it, but she didn't. Instead, she nudged Satan with her foot. "Go on. Slide to the bottom. I mustn't be outside of Heaven for long. It violates the ancient treaty."

Satan inched toward the ledge, but backed away at the last second and grabbed Uzziel's leg. "Ahh! No want go! Very scary! Big fall! Hurt!"

 "Don't worry. I added soft grass to the end of the ride. It will be fun!"

Satan shook his head. Tears welled up in his eyes. "Scared! Scared, mudder!!"

The other imps nodded, but one approached the edge. "Pft. Satan big scaredy. Me go first. Easy."

Without saying another word, the little guy hopped off and began hurtling toward the bottom. His scream of terror turned to excitement, but within a few seconds, his voice faded into the distance.

"See? Bael isn't scared! Now, go! Thou art the leader. Leaders never cry."

"Yeah," another imp said. "G-git movin' boss. No be little crybaby."

"Shaddup, Agares!" Satan growled at the other. "Me no scared o-of anything..."

Uzziel rolled her eyes. "So thou dost claim."

It took some coaxing, but Satan eventually stood at the precipice, inhaling several times as he built up the courage to move.

"Hurry up!" A squeaky female voice yelled. "Gah! Sick of waiting! Stupid man!"

She lunged forward and kicked Satan in the back, knocking him over the ledge. His scream of terror, unlike Bael's, never turned to excitement.

Uzziel groaned. "Lucy. That was rude."

"No care. Men always slow. Me go next."

The ugly little imp girl, whose only indication of femininity was her nasally voice, hopped off and began sliding. She didn't let out a sound as she rushed toward the bottom.

The others followed after, each giving a fifteen-second buffer so that they didn't land on their friends.

One final imp remained. He glanced up at Uzziel. "Mudder... we see you again?"

"Of course, Agares. I'll visit someday. In fact-"

Before Uzziel could finish speaking, footsteps from inside the cave caught her attention. She turned and spotted a massive, fifteen-foot Archangel stomping toward her. Uzziel recognized him immediately as Gabriel. The Goliath of a winged being scraped the ceiling with his forehead, but he ignored that fact, and his eyes locked on Uzziel.

"Uzziel! What art thou doing?!"

"Um..."

Uzziel's voice cracked. An instant later, she shoved her foot out and kicked Agares over the side. The helpless imp screamed as he hurtled toward the bottom.

"...Nothing?"

Gabriel stared at Uzziel blankly. "D-dids't thou just kill... that little...?"

"What? No!" Uzziel quickly pointed over the cliff. "I banished the troublemakers! Now they won't cause trouble any longer."

Gabriel scowled, lumbered toward Uzziel, and peered over the cliff. The sound of Agares' screams faded as he plunged toward the grassy plains below.

"Damnation, Uzziel. Earth is Titan territory. Thou must consult me before treading upon their domain."

Uzziel shoved her tongue against her cheek and crossed her arms. "Had I done so, thou would have sentenced my children to death."

"Obviously! Gah! I shouldn't even be this far from Heaven, nor should thee. I have half a mind to fly down there-"

Gabriel's nostrils flared. He closed his eyes and turned back toward the inside of the cave. "I love thee, little sister, but I hate how ye test my patience. If the Titans find out..."

"We'll say the imps ran away."

"They won't believe that lie for a moment."

Uzziel exhaled. "Well, feel free to recover the little ones if it bothers thee that much."

"Thou knoweth I can't do that. I shouldn't be this far from Heaven as things are now."

"Mhm."

Gabriel clicked his tongue. "Tsk. Come along, then. I swear by the Creator's name, if thou should pull a stunt like that ever again..."

"Don't worry, brother, I won't. I won't!"

Uzziel fell into step beside Gabriel and smiled sweetly, beaming sunshine up at him. "Art thou going to spank me?"

"Please, Uzziel. Contain thy vulgarity."

"Haha! Thou art blushing!"

"No. I'm not."

Uzziel continued poking fun at Gabriel all the way back to Heaven's Gate. Jason, on the other hand, felt weirded out by her strange overtones.

_Gabriel, was your sister always so... so... flirty?_ Jason thought.

Gabriel's voice rumbled in Jason's mind. _'Twas in her nature. Uzziel was the Archangel of Creation. Some called her Earthmother or Gaia. As a goddess of fertility, she always poked and prodded at others. She was a freer spirit than the rest of us._

_A blessing and a curse,_ Raphael added. _Truthfully, young Hero, all angels were the same age. To say Uzziel was our younger sister would be to utter a lie. The Creator formed us from the dust of the cosmos all at once. Uzziel always was one to trust others blindly, even to her detriment. Her naivete won her many friends... but also allowed her enemies to exploit her._

After a few seconds, the vision faded away.

Jason reappeared before the campfire alongside Solomon, with the Archangels in the same positions as before.

"Uzziel seemed like... like a genuinely wonderful person," Jason said.

His words made the Archangel of Courage bow his head and close his eyes. "She was our precious, blessed sister. I would have given anything to protect her."

Gabriel walked around the fire and rested his hand on Michael's back. "Fret not, little brother. Thou dids't give everything up for her sake."

"And it wasn't enough."

Silently, Jason watched the two comfort each other. Until then, Michael had repeatedly performed actions that depicted him in a negative, violent light. He seemed unwilling to listen to reason or to look at things from the other side.

_Something happened to him,_ Jason thought. _I don't know what... but it changed him. It hardened his will. I can only imagine it was a loss unlike any other, something not even I could recover from._

_Muriel... Cassiel. Michael lost two fellow Archangels, his sisters, during the war against the dragons. Could that have been what changed him? Perhaps something else?_

Solomon clapped his hands, snapping Jason out of his thoughts. "Okay! Well, this was a touching moment, but I'm afraid we still have much to cover. Shall I move onto the next vision?"

Michael wiped at his eyes. "Yes. Go ahead. Don't mind me."

Jason nodded. "Send me in, uh, captain."

Solomon scrunched up his face. "I should warn you... this next vision is... disturbing."

"Just show me. I don't want to waste time," Jason replied.
