Part 119: He Who Suffers
Part 119: He Who Suffers

A small, stone house greets me as I arrive in the body of my next host. I've grown used to instantly identifying people in Solomon's visions, often by their height, the way they walk, the weight of their armor or clothing, and even the taste of their breath... but my host this time is unfamiliar to me. While certainly a female angel, my host is neither Camael nor Uzziel. Her small frame and even breathing reveals her top-tier physical condition. Metal clinks against her body as she walks, while the weight of platemail presses against her shoulders, rooting her to the ground.

I stop before the house and raise an armored gauntlet to rap my knuckles against the door.

_Knock, knock._

When I lower my arm, a spasm of pain shoots up it, all the way through my neck, and into the right side of my face. My arm, neck, and face feel stiff, as if stretching would cause my skin to split and rip apart. The pain, too, feels fresh and electric. It isn't from an old injury.

My depth perception, too, is gone. My right eye either isn't open or doesn't work. I think it might be blind, but it's hard to tell.

Fifteen seconds pass while my host silently waits for the door to open. I glance around and take in the sights. Several other houses, each of modest nature, line the narrow street. Perfectly cut stones form their foundations and walls, much like the pillars of the Holy Haven. Each one stands perhaps twenty-feet tall, with a few outliers that rise two or three stories.

The door cracks open half a foot or so. My host flinches slightly and turns to face the Archangel inside, Michael.

Michael stands against the dimly lit interior of the house; his body silhouetted against Heaven's light. He blinks a few times, then clears his throat. "Mmm. Catherine? Why hath thou come?"

I raise my right arm and summon mana to draw letters in the air. 

_Brought ointment. Uzziel's orders._

Each letter I draw creates a slightly different _chime_ noise in midair, making Catherine's magic words sound somewhat like a timid voice.

Michael opens the door all the way, exposing the interior of his house. His shirtless body reveals several scratches and scars, each one timeless and ancient like himself. He wears a loose-fitting pair of pants, which Solomon's Crown identifies as a Sirwal. His right arm rests snugly inside a leather sling, while his left holds the door open.

"I do not require any medicine."

Catherine frowns. The motion makes the right side of her face tense up in a manner I've never felt before. It's not exactly painful, but instead, uncomfortable.

The Valkyrie traces her finger through the air again.

_My ceremony. Where were thee?_

Michael rolls his eyes. "Ugh. Is that what this is about? I apologize. I didn't feel like-"

_No excuses. I'm coming in._

Catherine walks forward and lightly pushes Michael aside. He balks for a moment but seemingly lacks the willpower to deny me entry. With a sigh, he closes his front door and follows me into his living room.

It's only now that I notice Catherine is carrying a small basket of flasks and flowers in her left hand. She sets them on a wooden table and plops down on a bench in front of it with a bearskin stretched across for comfort.

Michael's home is a simplistic, barebones place to live. No matter where Catherine looks, I can't spot any decorations, memorabilia, carvings, or anything else. A heap of swords and shields lie off in one corner, haphazardly piled there at some point in the past. A pot of tea quietly simmers over a crackling fireplace. Aside from a few slits that barely pass for windows, the Archangel's house is remarkably dark and barren.

Catherine pats the bench to her left and draws signs in the air. _Sit. I apply ointment._

Michael stares at me. "I don't need... I don't... haah... fine. Do as thou please."

Defeated, Michael sits and turns his back to me. He slumps forward, almost as if he wants me to leave but can't bring himself to utter the words.

Catherine, however, ignores his non-verbal signals. She reaches into her basket and procures a mason-jar-sized flask with mushy green goop sloshing about inside. When she pulls back a cloth covering the top, an odor like death rushes out, filling the room.

Michael gags. "Kah! B-by the Creator! What is that infernal stench?!"

_Ointment._

Michael uses his left hand to pinch his nose. "Procured from the filthiest of rats! Uzziel never holds back for her big brother, does she?"

Catherine pulls off the gauntlets on her hands, exposing her burned flesh. Her hands look worse in the dimly-lit room than when I last saw them at the Holy Haven.

Michael glances back and watches as we dip our fingers into the disgusting green slime. The goop sticks to our fingers like glue and comes out in heaping gobs. I raise my eyes to Michael's shoulder and wince inwardly at the nasty marks left by Agares' bite. Michael's skin, pale everywhere else, is instead several shades of green and brown around his shoulder area, the result of poison infecting his bloodstream.

As I pull the slime out and rub it against his wounds, Uzziel's concoction crackles and pops. It glows faintly, as if sucking some of the mana directly from Michael's body. The Archangel winces and turns away, gritting his teeth as waves of pain hit him. Catherine doesn't let up and continues smearing the glop all over his shoulder, front and back.

Five minutes pass. Both of us sit in silence as I apply several coatings of Uzziel's salve. Finally, I finish. Catherine grabs a rag from her basket and wipes her hand clean.

_Done. Don't wash off. Don't sleep. One week to heal._

Michael's shoulders sag. The glop continues to pulse and glow every few seconds, but it seems the worst of his pain is over.

"Right. I'll do what I can. Art thou done here?"

Catherine purses her lips, making the skin on her right side crack slightly. _Want me leave?_

Michael quickly averts his eyes. "N-no. Of course not. Why woulds't thou ask such a thing?"

_A terrible liar, thou art._

Catherine stands and walks over to Michael's fireplace. His kettle bubbles silently inside, and Catherine pulls it off the handle. She lifts the lid and sniffs. Her thoughts surface in her mind. _This tea is old and stale. How long has it been since Michael boiled a new pot? Must I do everything for him?_

I've never heard Catherine's voice before. However, her internal thoughts, an echo of when she once was able to speak, ring out like crystal wind chimes in the breeze. Her voice is soft and demure, yet stout and uncompromising. She wastes little time debating this or that, instead jumping to logical conclusions as quickly as possible.

Michael watches as I walk into his kitchen, grab the scorching hot metal by the bottom, and dump the soggy tea-water out of the slightly larger windows. Despite my expectations of incoming pain, Catherine doesn't feel anything out of the ordinary when she touches the kettle. Whether that's due to lack of pain nerves, or immunity to heat, I don't know.

Michael coughs. "Ahem, ah, there's a cistern of water beside the vase. Selma delivered it this morning."

Catherine nods. She turns to where he's pointing, and her expression flattens. She motions with her hands. _My flowers. Dead._

A glance toward Michael reveals little. He averts his eyes and shrugs. "They're only flowers. More will grow elsewhere."

_They're dead, Michael._

This time, Michael visibly winces. "Sorry. I didn't... I didn't mean to..."

Catherine exhales. She turns away and grabs the bulky cistern with one hand. Effortlessly, she lifts the ceramic as if it were a piece of paper and pours water into the kettle.

A few minutes later, Catherine places the kettle of tea back on the fireplace to boil, then plucks several assorted flowers from her basket. She walks over to the plain brown vase, yanks the dead flowers out, and releases flames from her hands, scorching them to ash.

As she places the new ones in the vase, Michael cries out in alarm. "Ah! Catherine! Why dost thee summon Jörmungandr's flames for a simple act of cleaning!"

Catherine glances at her palm. Despite releasing hardly any fire at all, her skin crackles and sputters as a few blisters appear. Still, she feels no pain.

The Valkyrie motions with her other hand. _No want me burn? Maintain flowers._

Michael's jaw slackens. He clambers to his feet and walks around the kitchen counter and grabs my hand to examine it. "Bloody- I told thou _never_ to summon thy fire! Dost thee simply seek to cause me pain?!"

Catherine cocks her head. _Yes._

Michael scowls and turns away. "By the name of Heaven..."

Catherine draws in the air again, and the sound of her magic makes Michael turn around to read. _Punishment for killing flowers._

"Thou art hurting thyself to... to punish me?! In all my years-"

Michael rubs his face aggressively. He starts pacing back and forth, agitated. "It's because I missed thy coronation, isn't it? I would have gone, sister, but my wounds-"

_Thy injuries are but an excuse._

Catherine interrupts her brother's words with the chime of her magic letters. He stops pacing to read them, and his shoulders slump once again.

"Yes, perhaps they are. What of it? I can take a few days off if I please."

_Thy defeat. Stop dwelling on it. I will cry._

Catherine etches the words into the air, but I don't sense a trace of sadness in her. She stares at her brother evenly, giving me the impression she's either being sarcastic, manipulating him, or simply lacks any emotional faculties.

"Will thou?" Michael asks.

_Perhaps._

Michael groans. "Thy machinations are unknowable. Why must ye tug at my heart?"

Catherine pokes at the bubbles forming on her palm, popping them and scattering pus across her burned skin. Then she motions with her left hand to draw words again. _Thy prisoners. Gone. Not returning._

"Bah." Michael waves his hand flippantly. He turns away and wanders back to sit on his bench. "They were in my grasp. Then that... that little green bastard jumped me. Nobody sneaks up on me. Nobody!"

Michael grinds his teeth together. He balls his hand into a fist and slams it against his knee. "Filthy little- that worthless bug nearly killed me! I've fought hundreds of dragons, Titans, planet-destroying entities, and this one _tiny_ little piece of filth nearly brought my legacy to an end. I had to be saved by... by..."

Michael trails off. He suddenly looks at me; shock etched into his face.

"No. I... I didn't mean..."

Catherine tilts her chin up. She stares down her nose at Michael.

_Art thou angry? Because I saved thee?_

"No, no, of... of course not."

_Unworthy. Thou thinketh me useless._

"It's not like that, Catherine. I..."

Michael swallows hard. Guilt washes across his face. 

"I didn't mean to disparage thy skills. It's just... perhaps... perhaps I have lost my edge. Perhaps I am no longer the mighty Archangel whom the dragons feared during the Ancient Wars. I'm beginning to believe my glory days have fallen into the annals of history. Thou hath surpassed me."

Catherine's gaze softens. She walks over, sits beside Michael, and rubs his back.

_That's not true. No dominant arm? Thy swordplay is still peerless._

Michael bows his head. His scraggly, unwashed hair flops over his shoulders and hangs beneath his chin. 

"I do not mean my skill with the blade, sister, but all the other aspects of my being. I tortured two little creatures for a hundred years... but to what end? They were no mighty conquest. Has Michael, one of the three Archangels who slew the mighty Jörmungandr, fallen so far as to maim insignificant little demons for sport? Have my senses dulled so much during peacetime that even those same creatures could nearly kill me with one surprise attack?"

He shakes his head.

"I am a failure. This useless arm is proof of that. Even while suffering from self-inflicted burns, thou dids't prove thyself a more capable fighter than I. Archangels have always stood leagues above our brethren, but I no longer deserve my position. I should... I should step down."

Catherine recoils at Michael's words. It takes her several seconds to formulate a response.

_No. That would be foolish. One moment of weakness. Wake-up call. What dost thee always say?_

Michael watches my words appear in the air, then stares at the fireplace. "It wasn't merely one moment of weakness, Catherine. I feel it in my bones. Lounging around for millions of years has caused my skills to fade. The mind-wipes erased my memory of all the battles Raphael has mentioned. I no longer remember a time when I fought with all my might, nor do I remember any point where my life was in danger. My life has become a mundane, dreary existence. I sit in Heaven, eating fruits and jabbering with my family... all the while, my body and skills atrophy away."

The Archangel glares at the fire.

"What is the point of living? I exist to fight. Without an enemy, I long for death. When I finally met someone worth testing my might against, I lost. My singular purpose; nullified. With Valac slain by thy blade, and Satan by Raphael's, the rest of the demons will surely perish within a few years. What, then? We will be at peace, once more."

_Why not train thy body?_

"Again, I ask, sister, to what end? I could spar with other angels, but I'd never summon my full strength against them. None would be able to keep up with me. Without a worthy enemy for me to unleash my full power against... without an opponent to boil the blood in my veins... my existence becomes only suffering. I long for either battle or the grave. Nothing else sustains me."

Catherine's breath catches.

_What about me?_

Guilt appears on Michael's face once again. "I care about thee, little sister. I always have. The only reason I have not fallen upon my blade is that I know it would cause thee endless suffering. I would never wish to bring such heartache to thy soul."

Catherine nods. _Do I burden thee? Were I to die, would'st thee..._

Michael's expression darkens. "Don't say such things. As long as I draw breath, nobody will ever lay a hand on thy head."

_Valac hurt me. Thou art a liar._

Michael groans. "Aye. I apologize. I should have been there to finish him off myself."

_'Twas a joke, brother._

Michael doesn't smile. Instead, he sighs. "I have long since forgotten how to smile."

Catherine cocks her head. _Not even for me?_

"Nay. There is only one thing in this world that would bring me joy..."

The Archangel trails off. His eyes lower to my throat. He gazes at my burns for several seconds. Catherine tenses up.

_Uzziel cannot heal me._

"Not all of thy burns, no... I only wish she could restore thy voice. Just once, I should like to hear it."

Turning away, Michael blinks back tears.

"I cannot remember my conquests, nor the sound of my little sister's voice. I have no identity. I have no purpose. Why... why must I go on forever, existing in limbo? Why must I live in this torturous reality?"

Michael breaks down. The stoic Archangel turns away to try and hide the tears running down his face. He wipes at his eyes furiously, but cannot stem the tide.

Catherine's thoughts turn inward.

_Michael loves me. He loves Uzziel, Uriel, and all the rest of his brothers and sisters. Despite all that, he suffers from a loss of identity. I never wish to see him die... but 'tis cruel of me to demand he continue living, if only for my sake. What can I do to fill the void in his chest? What feats must I perform to bring the slightest warmth back into his heart?_

Catherine pulls closer to Michael. Gently, she wraps one arm around his back and leans against his injured shoulder.

The Archangel continues weeping, even as his sister rests against him.

They love each other deeply, but one suffers from wounds inflicted not on his body, but his mind. Michael pretends to be a stoic, uncaring figure, but in reality, he's become lost amidst a sea of emotions. His memories, gone. Legacy, gone.

I can't fully empathize with him. I'm not someone whose entire existence revolves around war. But... I know what it means to float through a world where everyone else seems to have their lives figured out. My peers went to college and prepared for complex jobs, ones I couldn't begin to wrap my head around.

Life treated me in a manner less severely than it did Michael, yet at the same time, I suddenly realize we have more in common than I first thought.

Michael isn't the calm, collected badass he pretends to be. He's uncertain, doubtful, and constantly second-guessing himself.

I guess it's true what they say about judging books by their covers.

---

**[This is Catherine.](https://www.patreon.com/posts/catherine-saint-22230316) (It's a full writeup this time, not just artwork!)**