Part 114: Solving the Puzzle
Part 114: Solving the Puzzle

I wake up face-first on the ground — dull, aching pain throbs across my whole body. Everything hurts, almost as if there were a pickup truck slowly pressing against me and crushing me into pulp.

The next thing I notice is the sense of calm and acceptance slowly swirling around inside my mind.

Satan stares forth into the blinding white of the Cosmic Realm, but he makes no attempt to move. He grunts while talking to himself. "Huh. So, we don't know how to get out out of this place, or how to heal my limbs?"

Samael appears in Satan's mind. His washed-out, ghost-like form hunches over, as though he's fought a long battle but is too exhausted to fight any longer. The Archangel sighs. "Correct."

"There has to be somethin' I can do. When Raphael destroyed my body, I grew back. What's up with that?"

Samael shrugs. "I assume that the demon souls inside thee unlocked thy ability to regenerate from death. Thy powers of darkness are beyond anything I've seen in my life."

"Thanks, kid, but compliments won't get you anywhere," Satan says with a smirk. "Look, I've got all these souls in my body, right? Raphael seems awfully scared of me. Can't I use 'em or something? They ain't doin' me any good just sittin' there."

Samael throws his hands up. "Maybe. Possibly. 'Tis hard to say. Thou art the soul manipulator, Satan. 'Tis thy duty to understand thy powers."

"Yeah, yeah."

Satan rolls his eyes. He turns his head so he can rest on his other cheek, then glances down at his severed, rotting limbs. They lay off to the side a few feet away, decaying and browning under the holy light of the Cosmic Realm. The smell makes me want to gag, but Satan seems not to care.

His eyes travel lower, to his naked body and the stump where one of his arms used to be. The burnt flesh is black and crisp, yet I feel no sensation coming from it. The Devil's pain resistance is much higher than mine.

"Why is Gramps so strong? I have a hard time believing he beat me so effortlessly."

Samael smirks. "My brother is a mighty warrior, and the last remaining angel to remember the Ancient Wars. As part of a peace agreement, our people and the Titans all gave up their memories to stop an endless cycle of bloodshed. Raphael did not. He alone is the sole keeper of those memories. Defeating him in combat is hardly a feat someone of thy caliber could hope to achieve."

"Sounds like a sweet deal for him," Satan replies. A hint of boredom creeps into his voice. "Still, don't you think it's a little weird he gets to remember the past, but nobody else does?"

Samael cocks his head. "Why woulds't thou say such a thing? Raphael was the most trusted among our people. The Titans were as tired of war as we were. 'Twas only natural for the wisest among both our species to keep some memories intact. Besides, 'tis a burden Raphael wears around his neck. Rarely does my eldest brother smile."

"Uh huh. Suuure," Satan groans audibly. "Did any of the Titans get to keep their memories?"

"Nay."

"Why not?"

"I do not know."

Samael's reply hangs in the air for a moment. Satan clicks his tongue.

"Kinda convenient, don'tcha think? You don't know why Raphael kept those memories, so you have to take his word on what happened. Maybe he pressured the Titans to concede."

"Perhaps," Samael replies with a nod. "But I doubt that very much. After all, t'would have been a simple matter for Raphael to share his memories with other angels later. Millions of years have passed since those dark times. Not once has my brother let slip the circumstances behind the treaty."

"You're naive, kid," Satan says. A throaty chuckle escapes his lips. "Kuhuhu. Man. What a dope. Raphael is hiding somethin'. I bet he deliberately stole everyone's memories. Didn't you see that body of his? When he fought me, that old man was ripped like a wild bull. Plus, there were all those scars, too. There's no way he's only some peaceful wiseguy. Shenanigans were had, and you morons fell for his tricks."

Samael leans against something unseen. "Oh? So sure thou seemeth. Yet, no evidence cans't thee present. After all, whatever the circumstances, we lived in peace for millions of years until thy people rebelled. My brother may, potentially, have used some trickery to end the war... but the results speak for themselves."

Satan rolls his eyes again. "Kid, if there's one thing I've learned from living among demons, it's that everyone has an ulterior motive."

"Do not belittle my age. I am far older than thee."

"Yeah? Well, you're dumb as a baby."

"Thou art a simpleton too, Satan. That is why my brother outwitted thee."

Satan's smile disappears. "Tch. Ain't you just a mouthy little cunt."

A minute passes. Neither the demon nor the angel says a word to the other. 

Satan yawns.

"Cripes. How long have we been here? Feels like months."

No response.

"Hey. Fucker. I'm talkin' to you. Answer me."

Samael sighs. "I assumed thou were positing a rhetorical inquiry, one which thou already kneweth the answer."

"No, dumbass. It's a serious question. Ain't no sun or moon up here. I can't tell one hour from the next. You got any ideas?"

Samael cocks his head. "A few hours at most. Does it matter how much time has passed? As my brother said, thou shalt spend eternity here."

"Maybe it doesn't. Gah! Why couldn't I have trapped someone else's soul?! Mother would've been better."

Samael bristles noticeably. "I would have torn thee apart with my bare hands if thou had touched Uzziel."

"Whoaaa, someone's a little defensive," Satan says. His gloating grin returns. "I've gotta ask, are all of you angels brothers and sisters?"

"We are. Why?"

"Just wondering. You seem especially touchy about Mother. Maybe there's a little something else goin' on there, eh?"

Samael glares at me. "I know not of what thou speak."

"Oh, come on," Satan says, pressing further. "You and Uzziel never got a little too close? Maybe warmed each other's beds? There's no need to blush. We're stuck with each other."

"Cease this line of questioning!" Samael yells. "I have no desire to hear such filth directed toward my sister!"

"Alright, alright. Hey, pal, whatever you say. I mean, your defensiveness ain't really helping your case, but I'm just speculatin'. Makin' small talk. You know how it is."

Samael looks away. "Tch. Small talk, indeed."

_Whoomph._

A silent rush of air to my left makes Satan flinch in surprise. He lifts his head to look toward it as Raphael strides through a portal into the Cosmic Realm.

"Hello, Satan."

Satan nods. "Gramps. Came back to gloat, did ya?"

Unlike the last time Raphael stood in the Cosmic Realm, he has already restored his broken, bloodied body back to its former glory. The Archangel of Wisdom once again dons beautifully hand-stitched robes, returning to his formerly regal appearance. It seems a lot of time has passed, based on the color restored to his cheeks. "Nay. I came to inform thee that thy plans failed. We successfully killed all of thy people who entered Heaven. However, that isn't all..."

Slowly and deliberately, Raphael procures an animal-skin pouch from beneath his robes. He unties the top, tilts it upside-down, and pours charred black ash all over the ground.

Satan stares at Raphael for several moments. "What's that?"

"The remains of thy ally, the Grim Reaper. Despite his unexpected arrival, we successfully managed to kill him. All of thy plans failed. With thy main army crushed, thy body trapped in the Cosmic Realm, and the bane of the Titans dead... we will quickly spread out across all of Earth and eliminate the last vestiges of thy people."

Satan lowers his head. He rests on his chin, and a sensation of loss spreads across his body.

"Valac wasn't my ally. He was a selfish piece of shit. As for the rest of the demons..."

The Devil closes his eyes for a moment.

"I'll never forgive you, Raphael. You'd better kill me now, while you still can."

The old man shakes his head. "Such a feat is beyond my capability. Thou art a soul manipulator: The vilest of dregs littered across all the universe. It seems that every time thou dost perish, thy body increases in strength once thou returneth from the Great Beyond."

"Oh? So that's what's going on."

"Aye." Raphael slowly lowers himself down to sit in a cross-legged position. "Most interestingly, thy strengthening ability is quite reminiscent of the Titans. Uzziel designed their bodies to adapt and grow over time, becoming more powerful for every battle they survived. The Titans were instrumental in killing the dragons, though understanding the importance of such brutal wars would be a foreign concept to a pest like thee."

Raphael pulls out his pipe. He snaps his thumb, lights some tobacco, and sighs contentedly.

"You're chatty today," Satan replies. "Maybe you shouldn't be telling me all this stuff."

"Pahaha! With the Grim Reaper dead, and the leader of the demons trapped for all eternity in the Cosmic Realm, t'would never be easier for me to relax than right now. The existence of thy people has long been a thorn in my side, but as Camael's visions demonstrate, soon thou shalt be nothing more than a stain on our past."

"Uh huh..."

Satan stares at Raphael suspiciously.

"...Then why're you here?"

Raphael puffs on his pipe for a few moments before responding.

"I love the Cosmic Realm, and I often come to escape questions and prodding from my people. It pains me to allow a disgusting creature such as thee to gaze upon its glory and to sully it with thy blood, but the alternative is keeping thee in Heaven, where thy people might have a chance of rescuing thee. So, here thou must stay."

Satan rolls his head around on his chin. "Mm. So you come here to relax?"

Raphael's expression turns grim. "Relax? I think not. Nearly five thousand angels died today. Long has it been since I said goodbye to so many of my brothers and sisters. The battle ended only five months ago, and so their deaths are still fresh in my mind. I could not bear to help move their bodies... not after everything else that's happened."

"Hold on. Five months?" Satan frowns. "It's already been five months? You're joking."

"Nay. Time moves much more slowly in the Cosmic Realm compared to the physical universe. I imagine fewer than ten hours have passed for thee, while months have passed for my people. I hope ye weren't too uncomfortable."

Satan groans. "I'm just _peachy._"

Raphael waves his hand dismissively. "As long as thou art in constant searing agony, I'll consider it a fitting punishment for all the pain thou hath caused. The five thousand lives lost to thy treacherous, backstabbing attack were more than faceless soldiers to me. They were my dearest brothers and sisters."

"Yeah? And you think I don't care about all the demons you killed?"

"Thy comrades perished as a result of thy hatred and inability to control thyself. Think, Satan. Uzziel welcomed thee into Heaven, but thou intended to stab her in the back. Art thou proud, demon? We gave thee a chance, but thy choice was to betray our trust. Thou hath surrendered thy right to complain."

Satan's shoulders slump. He lays his face against the ground for a few moments and sighs.

"Yeah. Maybe I did. Doesn't mean I was wrong, though. You angels are all bastards. Haha... if I ever get outta here, I'll make sure you regret leaving me alive."

Several seconds pass.

Satan licks his lips. "Nerissa. Did, uh... did you kill her?"

Raphael shrugs. "I haven't a clue who that is. Barring the Reaper, all of thy people look the same to me."

Satan clenches his teeth. "Anyone ever told you what a shithead you are?"

Raphael taps the burnt tobacco from his pipe on the ground, sticks the smoking implement in his robes, and rises to his feet. "Nobody I know would use such foul words. Perhaps among thy people, illiteracy and crude verbosity run rampant, but among mine, we attempt to maintain a veneer of sophistication."

Like a kettle of water reaching its boiling point, Satan snaps. "That's it! Shut up! I can't take your shit anymore! C'mere! Walk a little closer so I can bite your fuckin' toes off!"

Having suppressed his anger since Raphael's arrival, the Devil begins thrashing his head around. He digs his chin into the ground and tries pulling himself toward the Archangel, but twenty feet is a long distance when only moving an inch at a time.

"I'll chomp your devil-damned head in half! I'll rip off your ear and pull your brains too! C'mere, you old fucker!"

Raphael wipes dust from his robes and stares at me as I slowly pull myself toward him. A wry smile crosses over the old man's face.

"I did not believe I would enjoy coming here, but witnessing thy pathetic state does tinge my cheeks with glee. Hm, hm. Perhaps I should poke thee more often, _little demon._ Hoho."

Tears begin to run down Satan's face. "BASTARD! I hate you! I hate you!! Murderer! Shit-fucker! When I finally wrap my hands around your neck, I'll-!"

"Thou shalt do nothing," Raphael says, the grin vanishing from his face. He kicks at the pile of Valac's ashes and sends them fluttering toward me. "Enjoy thy stay in the Cosmic Realm, Satan. I have several thousand more funerals to attend, so I'll be quite busy for a while. Try not to go insane before I return."

Satan finally stops pulling himself forward. He chokes on tears and sobs to himself as he presses his face against the blinding ground. My vision goes dark as he tries to wipe his eyes on the Cosmic Realm's smooth surface, but it proves futile.

"Awful... shitty... chicken..."

Raphael's sandals _slap_ against the pure white surface as he turns and walks away.

"Blame not me, but thyself for thy predicament. Farewell, Satan."

_Whoomph._

Raphael steps through his portal and returns to Heaven, leaving Satan behind. Alone. He only showed up for a few minutes, but in that time, he crushed the Devil's spirit completely.

Satan whispers to himself through his tears.

"No... no... Nerissa... Agares... they're dead. They're all dead. I couldn't save them. I couldn't save anyone. I'm no good. I'm worthless."

"Very true," Samael says. I expect to hear a hint of mocking in his voice, but he keeps it surprisingly measured. "Thou art quite pathetic. Thy attempt to fight the Eldest Archangel proved foolhardy, as any sane being might have concluded with a hint of introspection. Thy people attempted to battle Heaven's finest, only to taste the full power of the Creator's Might. All of thy plans failed because thou were a vapid dunce."

Satan doesn't offer a retort. He merely stares at the ground emptily. Slowly, his eyes raise to Valac's ashes.

"What were we fightin' for? The world is cruel. Evil. Those with power, win. Those without, lose. What's the point in goin' on without any of the others?"

Samael smirks. "There is no point. As I said before, thou shalt lie here forever. Tormented by the memories of thy failure, thy mind shalt slowly unravel, taking me along for the fall. In the end, nothing will bring me more satisfaction than seeing thy gradual descent into madness."

Satan doesn't reply.

Minutes pass.

The Devil's tears slow to a stop and dry out, eventually hardening on his face into a thin, flaky crust.

"Tch. There ain't any point livin', right?"

Samael nods. "Correct."

Satan gnashes his teeth together. "That's the solution, then. I've gotta figure out how to die. It's the only way outta this mess. Screw Raphael. Screw him and his big words. I'm Satan the fuckin' Devil. I ain't nobody's bitch."

Samael sighs. "Always with the profanity."

"Shut yer trap, moron. I'm thinkin'."

Ten minutes pass. Twenty. Thirty.

Satan silently stares at Valac's ashes.

_I manipulate souls. So did Valac. Raphael's scared of us. There must be a reason. What can we do that non-manipulators can't?_

Satan's tongue snakes out of his mouth. He wets his lips.

"Samael. I've got a question."

The Archangel sighs. "Haah. What is it this time?"

"Gramps said I get stronger every time I die. He said that's something the Titans do, too. Is that true?"

"Naturally. My brother is no liar."

Satan chuckles. "Heh. Agree to disagree. Hm. Funny story, Sammy boyo... I crushed the skulls of two Titans recently 'n took their souls. Ain't that funny? Bit of a coincidence, wouldn't you say?"

Samael freezes. His face whitens.

"Impossible."

"Nah... funniest thing. See, all the souls of demons who signed my contracts entered my body when they died. There weren't many at first. Five here. Ten there. But, wouldn't ya know it, a funny thing happened."

Satan smiles.

"My horns grew. I felt a new power awaken inside of myself. A new ability, if ya please."

Samael's hands begin to tremble. 

"No... no, that can't be..."

"Yep. It's true. Then, after I learned about my power, another funny thing happened. This cute dame saved me from your two sisters. That was when I learned about the existence of the Titans. I told that nice piece of ass that I'd make her my girl if she brought me back a Titan's head. And wouldn't ya know it! She brought me _two_!"

Horror spreads across Samael's face. "Th-then... that's... when thou seized their heads and crushed them... it wasn't only because..."

"Because I hated 'em? Nah. C'mon. I ain't that petty."

Satan's grin widens across his entire face. The naked, limbless demon guffaws mightily. "Bahahaha! Aw, geez. Cripes! That's some good shit, ain't it? I was just hoping their souls would make me a little stronger! But to get their _abilities_ too? Now that's a sweet deal! Now I see why gramps is so scared of me! Ahhh-hahaha!!"

Samael sags to his knees. The Archangel rests his face in his palms. "Taking the souls of other beings and using their powers for thy own purposes... thou art truly... a monster..."

Satan ignores the Archangel. "I mean, geez! I should've realized when I took your soul and got these eight handy arms! Ahaha... and... here's the best part..."

The Devil's voice lowers.

His smile vanishes.

"...I have thousands of demon souls inside me. Every demon the angels killed gave me their powers. Think of the possibilities, Samael. All that magic, and it's mine. I wasn't there for 'em, but I can still avenge 'em. The old man has good reason to be scared. He can't kill me, and I'm stronger than ever. Hoho, boy. I'm gonna turn my fortunes around."

Samael finally manages to regain his composure. The Archangel rises again and shakily points his finger at Satan. "I-it doesn't matter. Without any arms, thy ability to cast spells is nonexistent. Thou art still trapped and helpless... even if... if thy powers art unfathomable."

Satan sets his jaw. "Where there's a will, there's a way. Whether it takes one minute or one eternity... I've got all the time in the world."

"Hehehe... Raphael thinks he's got me licked. I'll teach that old bastard what happens when he underestimates Satan the Devil. I might be the last demon alive, but I'll carry our torch to the bitter end. Nobody looks down on me. _Nobody._"

The world goes black as Satan closes his eyes and begins to think.

_It's time I took a closer look at the souls inside me. One of 'em's gotta have something that can free me from this prison._

_One of 'em..._