Part 698: Alone Again
Part 698: Alone Again

_Far-Future Era. Day 20, AJR. Northern Melodia._

Soleil and Crow leaped at one another. The Black Hole Construct swung her fist at Crow and knocked her head aside with the sound of iron crashing against steel. Crow retorted with a violent punch to Soleil's stomach that deformed her abdomen.

Soleil spin-kicked Crow. Crow absorbed the kick with a raised arm, then retorted with a pointed jab at Soleil's face.

In less than a minute, the two unstoppable machines of war beat and battered each other with enough power to level the nearby forest. The arena around them cracked and splintered, with flecks of stone and jagged rocks breaking off and flying out in all directions.

At the same time, Cassiel did not remain idle. She took care to avoid taking Crow on directly, since a single punch from the Emperor would definitely shatter her light armor, maybe even killing her on the spot. Instead, she took potshots at Crow, aiming to hamper her vision, trip up her feet, and slow down the impact of her fists.

Cassiel summoned a powerful rifle made of divine energy, one that originated from the 21st century, near the end of the Energy Wars. She launched bullets at small fractions the speed of light, each one striking Crow's armored feathers like cannonballs. Crow was too busy dealing with Soleil to deal with Cassiel, thus she could only take the hits passively, grunting when each one struck.

"Hahaha!" Crow cackled evilly, as blood dripped down her face into her beak. "You two are interesting! Much too interesting!! Where did a pair of monsters like you manage to hide all these years, eh??"

Crow loved to fight. She loved it more than life itself. She was a battle-maniac. Over the past 100,000 years, she had challenged just about every other Emperor and forced them to admit she was the superior combatant. In a one-on-one fight, she was practically unbeatable.

Of course, this depended on what the definition of a 'fight' or 'winning' was. She had always fought in the past to prove her martial supremacy.

This was a battle to the death, at least for her opponents. Crow didn't care about leaving Soleil alive, but she did want to capture Cassiel intact.

Cassiel and Soleil, on the other hand, knew they needed to kill Crow. Simply beating her unconscious wouldn't be good enough. She would definitely return to fight them again, and would never give up until she'd had her revenge.

Crow hammered Soleil, and Soleil viciously struck back. Time and time again, Crow was shocked out of her wits. She'd never fought such a fierce angel in all her life! Even the legendary Gabriel paled in comparison to this absolute monster! Whoever Soleil was, it was clear she had been a secret weapon the angels never unleashed. Otherwise, there was no chance she wouldn't have become feared by the other demons!

"Who are you?!" Crow roared, after blasting Soleil's face with another brutal punch. "Why have I never heard your name before?!"

Soleil's face sunk in unnaturally, as if she were made of play-doh. Her face popped back out, seemingly uninjured; a fact which startled Crow yet again. Was it possible Soleil wasn't an angel after all? Her 'holy energy' was pitiful beyond belief. She had not demonstrated a single iota of magical power, relying entirely on her physical body to do battle with the Demon Emperor of Sacrifice.

"I prefer not to make my existence known." Soleil said simply, before blasting Crow's stomach with enough force to dent dozens of her feathers and momentarily double her over in pain. Crow's wheezing cries came as a welcome symphony of pain for Soleil.

Crow's eyes flickered with hatred. Another bullet impact struck the back of her head and made stars dance in her eyes. Cassiel was being as annoying as ever, but Crow couldn't take her eyes off the monster known as Soleil. She was dangerous. Too dangerous!

Crow swiped her talons at Soleil, but the construct bent her body unnaturally, evading the claws while snapping her leg up and kicking the bottom of Crow's beak. The impact slapped Crow's mouth closed and nearly caused her to bite off her own tongue!

"Caw-CAW!!!" Crow screeched, enraged. Her eyes smoldered with hatred unyielding. 

Tiring of this attack from the front and back, Crow took a risk. She launched feathers from her backside at Cassiel, feathers made of iron as hard as demonstone, which pursued her with a mind of their own. Cassiel yelped in surprise, diving to the side and flapping her wings hard to try and avoid the seemingly indestructible projectiles.

Soleil's attention was pulled away. She gave Crow a quick kick, then chased after Cassiel to try and knock the feather projectiles aside or take the blow for her master.

Crow's eyes flashed with insight. "Interesting..."

She realized that Soleil's devotion to Cassiel was more than that of a mere servant. It was is if she had been made specifically to protect the Lazarite's life.

How ludicrous! A Pureblood protecting a Lazarite? Even for the so-called Daughter of Heaven, wasn't this going too far? What was Raphael thinking when he assigned this strange angel to Cassiel's protective detail?

The details weren't too important. Crow gave chase, launching more of her feathers to chase after Cassiel in an attempt to hem her in and pin her down.

Unfortunately, while Crow's feathers were her deadliest long-ranged weapon, they were also her armor. Any feathers she launched might have slivers of their own will, but wherever they originated from on her body would inevitably become vulnerable to attack!

Just as Crow thought she'd uncovered a winning tactic to ensnare both angels, Soleil suddenly reversed course and flew right back at Crow, leaving Cassiel to fend for herself.

Crow's evil grin froze on her face.

She realized she'd been had!

Soleil saw through Crow's weakness as soon as she had launched her first feathery barrage. When she spun around, she used her smaller size and superior agility to dodge Crow's startled attack, then fly above Crow's back, where she spotted a small, exposed hole on Crow's back. The spot from where a few feathers had been launched!

**BOOM!!!**

Soleil's vicious punch plunged into Crow's back and tore into her spine, causing Crow to lose control of her body and plummet to the ground below. At the same time, Cassiel switched out her arsenal for a heavy set of divine armor. Crow's feathers bombarded her from multiple directions, but the armor held tight!

Crow smashed into the ground face-first. She quickly flipped onto her back, grinding her beak as she saw Soleil diving after her.

"Tricky little pigeon!!" Crow cursed.

Soleil slammed onto Crow's stomach, hammering her with the force of a freight train. Each punch and kick drove the wind from the demon's body. The Emperor of Sacrifice tried to swat Soleil off, but the construct's feet changed into claws that wrapped around Crow's feathers and held tight! When Crow finally managed to punch Soleil aside, she tore a few feathers out along with her.

Crow jumped to her feet and glowered at the construct while clutching her wounded stomach. She was bleeding from the front and back, and now that she had exposed her softer underbelly, she wasn't in as good of a fighting position as before.

Soleil back-flipped twice, then landed on her feet. She held up both fists, ready to counter whatever Crow brought to bear next.

But instead, a flash of evil went through Crow's eyes.

"It seems you like to play nasty! That's good. So do I!"

Crow closed her eyes and clapped her talons together. A beam of red light shot out of her body and raced into the sky, instantly vanishing from sight.

Unseen by Soleil, atop a volcano on the distant world of Diabolus, there sat a giant shrine in Crow's image. Hundreds of devoted and brainwashed acolytes dressed in the robes of various bird species cawed and cried out loud as the statue of their goddess began to light up the space with its glowing red eyes.

One of Crow's few remaining trusted Demon Dukes raised his wings.

"Our Emperor has entered battle! Begin the ritual!"

"Caw!"

"Caw-caw!!"

While the temple no longer had any humans inside it it due to Jason Hiro's influence a year earlier, it still had plenty of low to mid-ranking demons. They sent their demonic energy into the ritual, and their bodies either withered or inflated with power before exploding. One by one, each acolyte perished, giving their life force to their bird goddess.

Back on Sharmur, Crow's body doubled in density. She grew a meter taller, and regrew feathers to cover the parts that had lost their protection. She exhaled a turbid breath of blood-colored mist, then chuckled under her breath.

"Ugly little angel, this is the end. It was fun while it lasted."

Then she stormed toward Soleil.

The construct was ready. She leaped backward to evade Crow's talon swipe, then leaped forward with her fist raised to deliver a boulder-busting punch. When she struck Crow's face, Soleil's fist deformed. It was as if a toddler had struck the door to a bank vault! Her punch had no effect on Crow at all!

Soleil's pupils shrunk. She tried to jump away, but Crow moved more swiftly than before and reached out to grab her. She snatched the Black Hole Construct with a giant claw and wrapped all five talons around Soleil's waist.

"No escape this time!" Crow laughed.

Three bullets fired from behind struck the back of Crow's head. Cassiel had returned after pinning her feathers in place, but her attacks did nothing! She couldn't slow down Crow in the slightest!

Crow ignored Cassiel. One set of talons grabbed Soleil's legs, while the other grabbed her upper torso. Soleil did not scream, but her mouth opened in alarm as Crow began to pull!

_RIIIIP!_

Like pulling apart a stretchy piece of taffy, Crow turned Soleil's midsection into a long string of flesh colored gum. She was momentarily baffled before she realized the truth. Holding each of Soleil's wriggling halves in both hands, she gasped.

"So you weren't an angel after all! Lying bitch!! You were like Artoria! Another one of the Wordsmith's abominable creations! But too bad, you were too weak to defeat ME!"

Despite being ripped in half, Soleil was far from dead. Her body was made of hyper-dense black hole neutrinos. Thinking she had bested her foe, Crow's grip inadvertently relaxed, even if just a little. Soleil took that opportunity to grab Crow's thumb and wrench it with all her strength.

_SNAP!_

"Aaaargh!" Crow cried, as her thumb was brutally broken and dislocated. A spasm of pain went through her body, and she reflexively dropped Soleil's upper half.

Soleil struck the ground. Her upper torso morphed its shape, and she transformed into a half-sized version of herself, complete with arms and legs. At the same time, her lower half inside Crow's other hand turned liquid and malleable. She dripped through Crow's fingers and splashed to the ground, turning into another half-sized version of herself.

There were two versions of Soleil, both of them the size of a child. She might have looked adorable and huggable if she wasn't a living weapon capable of killing most demons below the rank of Emperor.

Crow snarled. She slapped her palm down to squash Soleil, but the child-sized constructs both grew pairs of wings and flew to the right and left before swooping around and kicking at Crow's head. At the same time, Cassiel realized Crow wasn't taking her existence seriously, which meant she had a real shot at hurting Crow if she could only just land one good hit.

Cassiel summoned an extra-long spear made of highly reinforced light magic. She de-summoned all her armor, knowing it put her in a more precarious position, but also that it was their best shot at slaying this giant. With Crow empowered by a Ritual, she was stronger than ever.

Soleil swooped around, drawing Crow's attention. Time and time again, she tried to kick and punch the giant brutish bird, but her attacks inflicted little damage. It seemed Crow had become damn near invincible after powering up. She swatted and slapped at the air, but she failed to hit the much-smaller Soleil duo.

Eventually, one of the Soleils rushed Crow from the back, and the other came at her from behind. Crow ended up grabbing at the one going for her stomach, but failed to notice the other one aiming for her back.

Instead of punching or kicking the Emperor, which had proven ineffective, the mini-Soleil wrapped her arms around three of Crow's feathers and yanked them out of her back.

Crow flinched. Having her feathers plucked wasn't exactly painful, but it wasn't pleasant either. She tried to grab at Soleil, but that particular spot on her back was one that Soleil had determined was not within her normal range of motion. Her wings hampered her hands' movements considerably!

"Gahh!! Get off me, you filthy false pigeon!" Crow roared.

Soleil jumped to the left, and Crow's eyes followed her. Crow did not notice Cassiel swooping down from above, her spear aiming for the exposed skin on Crow's back.

_SHIK!_

Cassiel impaled the spear an entire foot into Crow's back, sending pulses of divine energy deep into Crow's core. The Demon Emperor screamed in pain. She fell forward and collapsed to the ground, flailing behind herself to swat Cassiel off.

Even a light slap from Crow could shatter many of Cassiel's bones. Unlike Soleil, she was effectively as strong as an above-average human, albeit granted the power of wielding divine energy as a weapon. This meant her resistance to a raging Demon Emperor's attacks was basically nonexistent.

Thus, when Cassiel did not immediately jump off Crow's back, she showed great courage. She carefully and nimbly dodged Crow's flailing talons while wiggling the spear as much as possible to further widen the wound and cause as much damage as possible.

"Behind you!" Soleil cried.

Cassiel's heart nearly stopped. She flapped her wings and leaped skyward right as several of Crow's feathers from before flew at her. Crow nearly succeeded in impaling Cassiel, but ultimately failed.

With Cassiel gone, her spear of light dissipated, leaving a massive bloody hole in Crow's back. Crow coughed blood several times, then struggled to stand, carefully affixing her feathers back in place to hide her injury.

The truth was, Cassiel's sneak attack had done serious damage. Crow was not like Belial. She could not heal herself mid-battle, and thus injuries sustained had to be powered through.

Soleil's two halves combined back into one, and she stood tall once more. This time, Soleil used her strength to rip a rather large tree from the ground, then swing it down at Crow like a giant club!

Crow cawed with hatred. She punched upward at the falling tree and blasted it apart, then leaped skyward to grab at Soleil, who once again dodged.

"You cannot evade me forever! Caw-CAW!"

While Crow was injured badly and somewhat slowed, she didn't need to move too quickly to catch up to Soleil, as Soleil was still trying to land the killing blow.

Cassiel started to hesitate more and more. Crow might be injured, but she was still as dangerous as ever.

"We can't kill her... should we send an SOS to Melody? Where is she, anyway? Shouldn't she have come here by now?!"

Cassiel fired a blast of light into the sky that exploded like a firework! Unfortunately, in the midday sun, it wasn't very visible, but she hoped the spike of energy would at least draw someone's attention. She didn't dare leave Soleil alone with Crow, lest a tragedy unfold while she was gone.

It became obvious as the minutes ticked by that Crow's ritual was wearing off. Soleil began to pressure Crow. Her punches started inflicting serious damage once again.

Crow grimaced. She slapped and swiped at Soleil, but the damned false angel was too agile. For any attacks Crow landed, Soleil started landing two or even three hits, and those hits became progressively more punishing. It turned out that Crow's ritual had a major side effect. All of the wounds she suffered before and during the ritual, which had previously been suppressed, were now much more serious than ever. The gaping hole in her back had festered and become infected, leaving her coughing and sputtering in between blows suffered.

"Gahh!!" Crow cursed as she sloppily tried to cut Soleil in half with her claws. "Imposs- _COUGH_!! Impossible! I can't lose to a weak little rat like you!"

"Oh, but you can." Soleil said, dodging another swipe. "Just remember. It was the two of us working togeth- AH! Watch out!!"

Soleil suddenly snapped her attention to Cassiel, who was standing off to the side. Cassiel jerked in surprise, but she didn't see anything.

With Soleil momentarily distracted, Crow pounced. She didn't know what had distracted the false angel, but it was still a fortunate development for her. She successfully grabbed Soleil again, this time snatching her by the legs, lifting her overhead, then slamming her upper body into the ground with all her strength, over and over.

Soleil struggled to escape, but Crow didn't dare to let her go. Over and over, she beat Soleil against the ground, while Cassiel tried to distract her with attacks from the back, even taking back to the skies to attack Crow's injured back. Unfortunately, Crow's feathers kept the bloody hole covered, so Cassiel couldn't land a significant blow.

Again and again, Crow beat Soleil into the ground. She once more tore Soleil in half with frenzied rage, but this wasn't good enough for her. She started biting at each of Soleil's halves, ripping chunks of the construct out, then spitting those chunks on the ground and squashing them underfoot. Soleil could sustain her existence between a few different components and even recombine if introduced back together, but when the parts ripped out were small enough, they simply lost molecular cohesion and dissipated into mindless sludge.

Soleil weakly tried to punch Crow and wrench her thumb again, but Crow was fighting for her very life by this point. She knew Melody could arrive soon, and she knew that even if Melody didn't, her life was still in danger if Soleil escaped. This was her last shot at killing the construct. She had to make it count!!

Bit by bit, chunk by chunk, Crow ripped Soleil apart while Cassiel screamed and begged her to stop. Tears fell from Cassiel's eyes as she summoned a greathammer and uselessly slammed it against Crow's head from behind. This attack did some damage, but Crow still ignored it. Nothing was more important than eliminating the main threat!

And so she did. Eventually, both of Soleil's halves stopped struggling. They fell inert, then turned to mindless sludge in her claws.

Soleil, Cassiel's assigned protector, had died.

"NOOO!!" Cassiel shrieked, as she sensed that her closest friend had perished. She flew into a maddened rage and conjured her strongest armor, then started punching and kicking Crow as hard as she could. Each strike caused Cassiel's arms to ache and her skin to split. She went well beyond what her body could handle, ultimately hurting herself more than she hurt Crow. But the Demon Emperor relented.

After confirming she had successfully killed the false angel, Crow sneered. When Cassiel landed another punch, Crow abruptly spun and slashed with her talons, raking them across Cassiel's armored midsection and violently tearing through her defenses like they were paper. Four terrible slashes cut across Cassiel's stomach, and she fell backward, her armor dissipating.

She had nearly been disemboweled. Crow's single attack had left her bleeding profusely. If she did not receive medical attention, she might just die by the end of the day.

But that paled in comparison to the future awaiting her if Crow had her way. The Demon Emperor, now badly injured and limping in pain, still grinned victoriously, looking at her prey lying on her back.

"Hah... hahaha... this was ALL worth it!" Crow cackled. "I must thank you, little bitch. You really made me work for this. But that only makes the victory taste even sweeter!"

Crow loomed over Cassiel as the defeated Lazarite coughed and sputtered blood. She looked at Crow with eyes full of fear. She couldn't fight back anymore. Even the slightest movement would tear her stomach open. She was utterly at Crow's mercy.

"You... why are you doing this...?" Cassiel cried. "Your husband attacked me! I only defended myself! He-"

"SHUT UP!!!" Crow screeched. "You think a few cheap words will protect you?! It's the law of the jungle out here! Nobody's coming to save you! No knight in shining armor, no Melody, and certainly no Belial! Hehehehe, as we speak, all the demons are being convened to hear about the survival of a certain powerful ally of our people. Else, why do you think Melody wouldn't have shown by now? Because she isn't even on Sharmur! Hahaha!!"

Crow's voice softened. She leaned in close to Cassiel, then flashed a sadistic grin. "But don't worry, pretty girl. I'm not going to let you die here. I'm going to keep you alive for a long, long time! Locked in a dungeon, chained to a wall, made to be my funny little dancing monkey! I'll torture you, humiliate you, and treat you like my toy! You'll spend the rest of existence screaming, begging for freedom, begging me to kill you! And I'll only do so once all the fun is gone. But that will take a long, long time! Hahaha!"

Crow reached for Cassiel. Just as she was about to pick the angel up, Crow felt a presence to her left.

Her heart skipped a beat. _The false angel?!_

She quickly turned to face the newcomer, only to see someone she never expected in a million years.

A creature with two heads and four arms. Glowing eyes covered his body from chest to toe.

"Not a bad idea," Gressil, the Emperor of Chaos said. "But Crow, that privilege belongs to me. Not you."

Gressil's eyes burst with rage. He lunged at Crow and slammed his fist into her face, sending her sprawling! Crow crashed to the ground, then painfully staggered back to her feet, looking at him in disbelief.

"Gressil! You- what is the meaning of this?! We have no quarrel!"

"How dare you try to lay claim to _my_ Birdie, you overgrown chicken." Gressil snarled. "She isn't _yours_ to torture."

With a mighty roar, Gressil lunged at Crow. He began beating and wrestling the injured Demon Emperor, using his four limbs to overpower her, with his two upper limbs grabbing and controlling her head's range of motion while the lower two limbs either kept her arms at bay or slammed into her chest, over and over.

Cassiel watched with a blood-drained face as the one entity she hated and feared more than any other became her 'savior'. Gressil started beating the absolute shit out of Crow. Normally, he wouldn't stand a chance against her, but the combined damage she had taken from Soleil and Cassiel had weakened her enough that she was far from her prime fighting condition. She couldn't even activate a Ritual again, as the previous one had occurred too recently.

Crow began to panic. She tried mightily to break free from Gressil's arms, to escape his grasp, but she failed! At this point, she merely wanted to break free and escape with her life, but she realized, perhaps too late, that it was she who was at his mercy!

_Thump! Thump! CRACK!_

Gressil savagely beat and pulverized Crow. Even his face got in on the action as he occasionally bit at her feathers and yanked them out to spit them on the ground. Crow tried to summon her feathers to attack Gressil, but she realized she couldn't control them while Gressil was here. His Chaos Aura blocked all of her magical power!

"No! No! Nooo!!" Crow shrieked. Her cries became feeble and pitiful as Gressil grabbed her by the back of the neck and slammed her face-first into the dirt. Then he got on top of Crow and wrapped his two lower arms around her neck.

Crow's eyes bulged. Gressil was clearly trying to choke her to death! She grabbed at his lower arms to try and pull them off, but she failed to realize his two upper arms had grabbed hold of her beak...

With a violent wrenching twist, Gressil snapped Crow's neck. Her body ceased its resistance, and she fell silent.

Bit by bit, the light died in her eyes.

Her body went slack, but Gressil didn't end the fight there. He systematically began to shatter each of her limbs, break her bones, and render her completely unable to move. Her bent and mangled her body in increasingly horrifying ways, then waved his hand and caused her to disappear. Where he sent her, only he knew.

Then, Gressil turned to look at Cassiel. Her blood ran cold.

"Oh, Birdie. I've been trailing that evil chicken for quite a while." Gressil said with an almost loving smile, as if he were her knight in shining armor after all. He strode over to Cassiel, who shakily tried to push herself away with her feet. She didn't get far.

Tears welled up in Cassiel's eyes. She was all alone. Nobody was here but her and her worst enemy. She started to tremble violently, terrified of the fate she knew was about to befall her.

Gressil got down on one knee and lovingly stroked her face. Cassiel nearly vomited on the spot.

"Come now, Birdie. There's no need to be scared. Yes, I let that big bad chicken come here. I let her kill that ugly stain, Soleil. But that was just because your 'friend' was standing in the way of our joyful reunion. With Soleil gone, you and I can visit each other more often. Isn't that nice?"

Cassiel shivered. She couldn't speak. She could only clutch her injured stomach, wondering if it would be better to die right here and now, rather than end up back in Gressil's dungeon.

But contrary to her terror, Gressil did not abduct her. He simply looked her body up and down, his expression a mixture of lust and pity. "I'm sorry she hurt you like this. Don't worry. I'm not taking you back with me. I've actually grown to enjoy seeing you out in the wild, like this. Smiling, laughing, flourishing. I think it would be best if I allowed you to maintain your sense of independence."

He continued. "You were always so pretty, chained to my wall. But all the fight had gone out from your eyes, and along with it, a big part of what made you so... appetizing. How beautiful can a flower be if it never sees the sun or tastes the rain? So I'll make sure you live free, and we get to spend time together once in a while. Without that eyesore in both our ways, we can see each other whenever we want. Won't that be nice?"

"G-get... get away... from me..." Cassiel whimpered.

"Oh, I know you don't mean that." Gressil said, his smile making her want to crawl into a hole and die. "Since I can't have you succumbing to your injuries... consider this a final parting gift."

Gressil reached down and touched Cassiel's Heavenly Shroud, returning her to her human form. Then he waved his hand. The scenery abruptly changed around Cassiel. Gressil vanished, and she found herself inside the new hospital located in Eastern Melodia.

As soon as she arrived, a familiar Harpie, Doctor Fathy, who was in charge of the hospital when Belial wasn't around, gasped when Cassiel appeared practically right in front of her. "What? Who are you? Where did you come from?!"

Fathy stared at Cassiel with deep shock for a moment before shaking her head. Then she called for help, and various medical assistants ran into the room.

Belial and Leeroy were both gone, but luckily, the facilities on Melodia weren't bad. Cassiel was put onto a gurney, her angelic form obscured by the Heaven's Shroud. As she was rushed into the emergency room, Cassiel's heart palpitated with fear.

She couldn't see or sense Gressil anymore. He must still be there... watching her... from the shadows.

But Soleil wasn't here to protect Cassiel anymore. She felt naked and exposed... exactly the way Gressil wanted her to feel.

The doctors put a mask on her face, one which pumped a strange gas into her lungs. Cassiel's eyes became weak and started to flutter shut.

As the sedatives took her to a dreamland, Cassiel wept. She wept over the death of her friend, and she wept over what Soleil's disappearance meant for her future.

She was alone again.