Part 532: Enlightened Cultivation
Part 532: Enlightened Cultivation

Many hours later, Jason awakens from his deep sleep. He decides to rest for twelve hours instead of a mere eight, not particularly caring about the extra time required. After all, eight hours and twelve hours in Chrona are both essentially a blink of an eye in realspace time.

He takes a long hot shower to wake himself up, munches on a hearty breakfast, and attends to some other minor things before making his way back to the warehouse to rejoin Rebecca on another day of hard work and experimentation.

When he shows up, he finds Rebecca standing inside the warehouse next to a brand new rack of metal shelving units, each one with neatly categorized Exotics ordered alphabetically by their broad types and rankings of power.

"Hey. I'm back." Jason says, giving a friendly wave to the Cybernite. "I wanted to thank you properly, Rebecca. I tried duplicating one of Marie's exotics when I first saw them, but I failed and assumed I was incapable of duplicating them. If it wasn't for you convincing me to try again, I'd never have found out I can duplicate some but not others."

"I think you would have tried eventually." Rebecca says with a smile. "You're more intelligent than you think, Jason. You might not be anywhere close to Miss Becker's level, or that of your esteemed wives, but you're not an idiot. You simply suffer from... a lack of initiative."

"I'm lazy." Jason counters. "It's fine. You can speak the truth."

Rebecca doesn't add any fuel to that metaphorical fire. She instead turns her attention to the Exotics she categorized and organized while Jason was sleeping.

"Now that you've made a solid list of replicable Exotics, the next step should be to experiment in other new and novel ways. Your ultimate goal is to try and create powerful artifacts rivaling those of ancient artificers, such as Archangel Camael and Elizabeth Kindelmann."

Jason scrunches up his face. "I don't have any background in artificing, though. Do you? I don't even have a clue where to start..."

"I have no background either." Rebecca says. "But I did download a few exabytes of historical information regarding the trade. It will give us a foundation to start with."

She pauses.

"Oh... and don't forget, Jason. You have Wordsmithing. You can cheat a good bit of this process."

"You think I'd go and do something as dishonorable as cheating at a proud, ancient profession?" Jason asks with a grin. "You're goddamn right. Now tell me how we can start!"

And so she does. Over the next two hours, Rebecca and Jason engage in a few different experiments. 

First, she has Jason merge the most stable Exotics together to try and create new Exotics. This produces mixed results, with most losing all of their exotic capabilities, but some do produce weak new effects, and a small handful merge together perfectly, combining their abilities to create powerful synergies.

Next, she has Jason try to boost the effects of existing Exotics via his magic. Jason tries making Trifrancium even more energetic, he attempts to boost the power of Shatterstar Liquid, and finally, he concludes by attempting to increase the effectiveness of Cerebral-115.

The problem is, when Jason tries improving the last one, he can't detect any differences in its chemical or extraordinary structure.

"Did it work?" Jason asks, squinting as he tries to detect any changes in the Cerebral-115 Exotic.

"I... don't know. My sensors aren't picking up any changes." Rebecca says.

The two of them examine this Exotic for a moment before Jason smacks his forehead.

"Of course! We're not Psions. We won't be able to detect any alterations since this Exotic is pretty much only useful for those adept in the Psionic Arts. Why don't I call over some of those Psions I brought to Chrona?"

"That's a good idea." Rebecca replies. "I've been saying you should include them in your work. If you want to make inroads with your guests, it's important you don't continue to treat them like outsiders."

Jason nods. He walks away to call Aspirator Raavul over, as well as a handful of her eager disciples. Chief among them being Initiator Ferral, who, despite lacking a mouth, always seems to be smiling from ear to ear whenever he gets a chance to speak to the Wordsmith.

[Wordsmith Commander Sir Lord Jason Hiro!] Ferral exclaims. [Do you require our assistance? My teacher and fellow initiates would be extremely happy to help! And me as well, of course!]

Jason laughs at the youthful Psion's excitement while also doing his best to ignore the fact Ferral is hundreds of years older than him.

"I could indeed use your help. If you would all be so kind as to talk to Rebecca, she and I have been working on creating, combining, enhancing, and otherwise altering a variety of exotic materials. One of these is called Cerebral-115, and it only seems to be useful for Psions..."

Jason quickly explains the utility of this exotic, but to his dismay, not even Raavul has ever heard of it. She simply listens to his explanation, then nods.

[It seems to be quite a formidable and useful alloy. Very well. My disciples and I will be happy to assist you in investigating the effects of this Exotic material.]

"Thanks. We'll take all the help we can get." Jason says, before turning to start walking away.

Hardly has he taken two steps before Ferral pipes up. [Lord Wordsmith, sir! Aren't you going to join us?]

"In a bit. I need to talk to a few friends of mine first." Jason says.

[I see! Then we will await your return!] Ferral concludes.

The Psions enter into the warehouse to talk with Rebecca. After they depart, Jason concentrates his mind.

"**Recall. Recall.**"

He uses his Wordsmithing to teleport two Felorians into Chrona: Brunhilda and Sariah. Originally, Jason planned to keep the Felorians inside Chrona's sphere, but he sent them back out to help fight off Mephisto's forces. Now, he once again requires their assistance.

The two women pause after arriving, having unexpectedly appeared inside an unfamiliar location. It only takes them three seconds to recognize Chrona's unique appearance, as well as the Wordsmith before them.

"Ah, Wordsmith." Brunhilda says, bowing her head respectfully for a moment. "Can we help you?"

"I wanted to inquire about your tests. Have you made any progress yet?" Jason asks.

Brunhilda blinks her pretty blue eyes twice. "...our tests? Err, we haven't started yet. We only fought Mephisto a few hours ago... we haven't had time to experiment with your gifts."

Jason coughs. "Right. A few hours. Sometimes I forget about the time dilation differential..."

The Wordsmith hesitates for a few seconds while collecting his thoughts.

"I've brought a newcomer to Chrona. Her name is Rebecca, and she's a Cybernite. She's been helping me perform experiments with these special materials known as 'Exotics', and it got me thinking..."

Jason takes a few minutes to explain his recent findings. However, in the middle of his explanation, Sariah frowns deeply and begins scratching at the back of her head in a somewhat distracting manner, while Brunhilda's right eye starts twitching erratically, making her rub her eye and wince.

"Agh!" Brunhilda lightly exclaims. "What is this feeling? It's so irritating..."

"I feel it too." Sariah says, as she scratches the back of her head more intensely. "Feels like there are a bunch of flies crawling around under my hair! It's making me so itchy!"

Jason looks at them, bewildered. "Is something the matter?"

In unison, both women look away from Jason. They direct their attention toward the warehouse where Rebecca and the Psions entered.

"This feeling is coming from over there." Brunhilda exclaims, rubbing her eye even more intensely. "I apologize, Jason, but I cannot focus on anything you're saying! This itch behind my eye is driving me mad!"

"Hmm. Let's go see what's happening." Jason says, momentarily worried something may have gone wrong with the Psions and Rebecca.

He turns to walk toward the warehouse, but quickly breaks into a jog with Brunhilda and Sariah following close behind him. They arrive at the entrance in under thirty seconds, causing Sariah to moan in annoyance. "This itchy feeling is getting more intense every second! It feels like t something sparking a reaction inside my skin!"

When Jason enters, he immediately spots Rebecca standing at a table directly across from Aspirator Raavul, who happens to be levitating an oblong-shaped, fist-sized rock made of Cerebral-115 in the air before herself. As Jason draws within eyesight-range of those two, he picks up on Raavul's words. She only happens to be projecting them in a nearby radius for the benefit of her students, but not 'shouting loudly' enough for them to penetrate through solid walls.

[-remarkable, I must admit.] Raavul says. [I am not much of a world-weary soul, Miss Rebecca. I possess little experience when it comes to Exotics, and none at all in regards to Exotics of this level. I must imagine this 'Cerebral-115' is a precious commodity within my Empire, used only by High Psions.]

"That, it is." Rebecca replies with a nod. "Typically, this Exotic is used by Psions of the 6th Level and up. It's used to temper one's Psionic Seed, but you must have strongly decided the Path you will walk before you can use it to its fullest extent."

[Hmm. I feel that if I were to drain this Cerebral-115's power, I might temporarily obtain strength at the 4th Level... but it would ruin this rock entirely.]

"I don't know much about Cerebral-115's properties, unfortunately." Rebecca admits. "Only the notes from Miss Becker's database. We'll need to experiment to find other uses for it."

Jason walks over to the two women, catching their attention. "What are you two doing right now? It seems to be negatively affecting Brunhilda and Sariah."

Raavul blinks slowly. [I am currently performing a simple act of resonance with this remarkable Exotic. I was planning to tap into its core to test how it can augment my abilities. Why? Is there a problem?]

Brunhilda madly rubs her right eye. "Can you stop for a moment? There's some sort of energy signature inside that rock that's making my brain itch!"

[Oh. My apologies.] Raavul replies, immediately setting the rock down. [I was unaware of your discomfort.]

As soon as Raavul drops the Cerebral-115, Brunhilda and Sariah both breathe sighs of relief. That incredibly annoying itchy feeling disappears from their brains, allowing them to finally return to a sense of normalcy.

Rebecca frowns. "You two are able to sense the psionic fluctuations emanating from this alloy?"

"I suppose we are." Brunhilda says. She reaches toward the Exotic, only to pause and look at Jason. "...may I?"

"Go ahead." Jason answers.

Brunhilda picks up the Cerebral-115 and stares at it closely.

"Hmm... I don't feel like I can interact with this directly... unless- wait! What if I...?"

She inhales deeply and focuses her mind, driving part of her body's potential. She forces her muscles to tighten and for a mysterious spiritual connection to form between her soul and body. She strengthens her physical frame immensely over the course of just a few seconds, and in that short period of time, the Cerebral-115 begins to levitate out of her hand.

[What?!] Raavul exclaims. [Inconceivable! I sense no psionic activity from your body, yet somehow you are resonating with a pure-psionic Exotic!]

Rebecca frowns deeply. "This is indeed strange. How are you resonating with the Cerebral-115, Brunhilda?"

Brunhilda remains silent for a few moments longer before exhaling and allowing the Exotic to levitate downward back into her palm. She looks around at the Psions, then at Rebecca and Jason.

"It was simply my intuition. Something about this Exotic resonated with my soul. I felt as if I could reach out and touch it through the Wind Mother's blessing. It seems my intuition was correct."

Everyone falls silent for several seconds. Rebecca lifts up her hand and points a finger at Brunhilda. A wide-beam of light spreads out to scan the Felorian from head to toe, then she points at Raavul to repeat that process.

"My scans are inconclusive." Rebecca mutters under her breath. "You seem to be able to interact with psionic exotics through an unknown mechanism... perhaps your 'Wind Mother' has made this possible?"

Jason pipes up. "Brunhilda, you Felorians are capable of manipulating the energy known as 'Qi,' right? I remember the Battle Brothers, Duriel and Zamiel, could also manipulate it. Could 'Qi' have some relation to psionic power?"

"I have no idea." Brunhilda says, glancing at Sariah who also shrugs in response. "We wield the power granted by the Wind Mother. We do not question how it functions. That would be an insult to our deity."

Jason rubs his chin as he falls into thought. "What would allow a pair of demons like Zamiel and Duriel to wield Qi in the same way you do? Is their Qi the same as yours? Can you tell us more about it?"

Brunhilda makes eye contact with Raavul, sensing her deep interest in this topic, as well as the others awaiting her reply. She simply nods.

"Wordsmith, you appear to be under a misconception. I do not consider the power of Qi to be any grand secret. This power is not unique to my people, the Felorians. All humans are capable of accessing their internal Qi. The Wind Mother simply has made the process of manipulating Qi easier for Her devotees to obtain access."

"Any human can control Qi?" Rebecca repeats. "Marie Becker has provided me with notes regarding the Felorians. This was never an observation she made, nor did the Volgrim. How can you utter such a statement with so much confidence?"

"Because." Brunhilda answers. "We have already taught a few dozen non-Felorians to access the Wind Mother's power. It is a simple process, but it does require certain demands of those desiring to wield the Wind Mother's might."

Sensing a barrage of incoming questions, Brunhilda continues to speak.

"To manipulate Qi, one must first learn to sense this source of energy. Qi exists all around us, in countless forms. All life-forms radiate it and possess it within their minds, bodies, and souls, to varying extents. Inanimate objects, artifacts, and even ordinary rocks also radiate Qi. It surrounds us, binds us, and holds the fabric of reality together."

Jason itches the back of his neck. "So... it's... it's magic? Like my Wordsmithing??"

"No. Magic is different." Brunhilda retorts. "To what degree, I cannot speak with much confidence. I do not possess the ability to manipulate magic, after all. But the Wind Mother has told me this Truth; that magic and Qi are systems of power which affect the material realms differently."

"Whoa, whoa, whoa!" Jason exclaims. "Hold up a second. You're telling me you've SPOKEN to the Wind Mother?? As in, you have directly _conversed_ with your goddess?!"

Sariah and Brunhilda exchange sardonic glances, as if having heard the dumbest question in the world. They both look at Jason in unison, obviously trying not to insult him with their gaze.

"...of course." Sariah says slowly. "All Felorians can communicate with the Wind Mother. If you follow our ways and meet the requirements to sense and manipulate Qi, you may speak to Her as well."

Jason's heart falls into disarray. All this time, he assumed the religion the Felorians followed was just some hokey mumbo-jumbo, but listening to them talk now, he feels as if their power might be based on something FAR more substantial, physical, and obtainable than he ever imagined.

"Okay, so what are the requirements to manipulate Qi then?" Jason asks. "Do I meet them?"

"We cannot say." Brunhilda replies. "First, to begin the process, one must sit beneath a tree, a cliff, a waterfall, or some other location rich in Qi energy. On my homeworld, there are many such known locations. Then, for 81 days and 81 nights, you must meditate while moving as little as possible. You must still your heart and focus your senses while wholeheartedly thinking of the Wind Mother. You must bare your soul to Her will, and if She finds you worthy, your body will spontaneously open the Doorway to your Inner Self. In that moment, you will become capable of walking the path of a Qi Cultivator."

"81 days and nights..." Jason says slowly. "What if you need to eat, or drink, or sleep, or pee...?"

"Ahem. You may _of course_ attend to your bodily needs." Brunhilda says with a quick rolling of her eyes. "This process is not about following the exact letter of the Wind Mother's requirements, but their spirit."

Raavul, having been listening silently all this while, finally speaks.

[This act of meditation... it is extremely similar to the meditation a Psion must perform in order to form their Psionic Seed. Do your people also form... seeds?]

Brunhilda turns to look at Raavul in surprise. "I am not certain of what you speak. Can you explain the function of a 'Psionic Seed' to me? I don't believe my people do anything like that, but I could be wrong..."

Raavul hesitates, given the potentially sensitive nature of this information. Telling outsiders the details of her people's power could someday result in a calamity if the humans learned how to weaponize the information to their advantage.

She opts to speak of this information in only the broadest terms.

[A Psionic Seed is the core of all psionic power.] Raavul begins. [Through meditation, study, and practice, Psions learn to walk a Path. Paths can come in many forms. For example, that ability you used earlier is not so different from what a Body Strengthening Psion might do, where they temporarily boost their physical power to extreme heights. We can also manipulate the elements, augment our telepathy and telekinesis, and elevate our control over other similar effects.]

She continues. [Forming a Psionic Seed is only the first step. To reach greater heights, we must study and consolidate our power over long, long reaches of time. Thousands of your human-years can pass before we rise from the first to the second to the third level of Psionic Power. Some Psions rise quickly, but most do not.]

"I see..." Brunhilda says softly. "So it's like that. You slowly amass power over time, occasionally gaining much greater bursts when you ascend to the next level of Psionic Power. Unfortunately, our Qi does not function in that way. The power we gain from the Wind Mother always seems to reach a plateau before we can ascend any further."

Once more, the room becomes quiet.

Raavul silently thinks about the information Brunhilda has given her. She compares the process of ascension for Felorians to the one she has personally used to reach the 3rd Level of her Psionic Power.

Ultimately, she feels a slight coldness, a primal fear deep within her bones.

_This process... it is frighteningly similar to the one my people use to Ascend. Could it be that mud-dwellers are capable of wielding a power not dissimilar to that of the Psions? Are the High Psions even aware of this matter?_

While she broods, Jason turns to Brunhilda.

"I'd be interested in trying to wield Qi, but... 81 days and nights? That's a LOT of time to spend. Can I do it on my off-days and weekends or something?"

"The period of self-examination must be as uninterrupted as possible." Brunhilda states emphatically. "A strong sense of patience is essential to master the power of Qi. If you cannot bring yourself to spend such a long time meditating, then the Path of Qi is not for you."

"I guess it isn't." Jason says with a shrug. "Shame. I have Wordsmithing anyway, so I guess it doesn't matter. But are you really telling me there are people on Tarus II, non-Felorians, who have learned to sense Qi?"

"I would never utter a lie capable of harming the Wind Mother's face." Brunhilda answers. "Those with patience and talent can join my people as wielders of Qi. They can speak to the Wind Mother and learn her Truths for themselves."

"I assume there are other requirements." Rebecca suddenly says. "It can't be as simple as a mere three-month period of meditation. Even if one were to find meditation boring, this is a relatively small price to pay in order to obtain extraordinary superhuman abilities."

"One must possess other qualifications." Brunhilda admits with a nod. "A pure heart is essential, as well as a strong desire for self-improvement. The more physically fit one is, the better their mastery of Qi can become."

"You said a person's heart has to be pure?" Jason asks. "Then hold on a second! What about Duriel and Zamiel? If those guys are wielding Qi, then are you telling me _they're_ pure-hearted?! Those two were pure EVIL, if anything!"

"I cannot speak to how that pair of demons came to possess control over Qi." Brunhilda says calmly. "But what I can say is that they did not access it through the Wind Mother. She merely granted our species one method to walk the path of a Cultivator. There are some who have obtained this power through other means."

Jason snorts. "Yeah? Like who?"

"The first human to ever become a cultivator was not a Felorian." Brunhilda says quietly. "The Wind Mother once spoke of his identity to me. His name was Siddhartha Gautama."

"Buddha!" Jason exclaims, shock lacing his voice. "He's a cultivator too? He's still alive!"

"That he is." Brunhilda acknowledges. "Buddha did not obtain his powers through the Wind Mother's assistance. He obtained them through diligent meditation, through his pure heart, and through a single-minded dedication to finding Enlightenment. He is the progenitor of Cultivation, and thus the one you should ask questions regarding its future potential."

Jason nods slowly. "I will definitely do that when I have time."

Raavul, having remained quiet for the past two minutes, decides to interject.

[Lady Brunhilda. I have a suspicion regarding your... Qi mastery...]

"A suspicion?" Brunhilda repeats. "I'm listening."

[I suspect... you have not tapped properly into your full potential. Perhaps you may not have even reached a _fraction_ of your full potential. I believe your mastery of Qi may be capable of evolving far, far beyond what it is now. I also fear that voicing this suspicion could cause a terrible calamity to fall upon my Volgrim Empire.]

Brunhilda waits a few seconds before replying.

"You believe... since Qi Cultivation seems somewhat similar to your Psionic Seed... it might be capable of progressing upward in power through a means similar to what Psions use? And by telling me this, in the long term, it could threaten the Volgrim Empire by allowing humanity to harness ever greater levels of martial strength?"

[...Yes.] Raavul says, her stomach feeling as if she has swallowed a fly. [Precisely that. I should state that I do not harbor any resentment toward the group assembled here, specifically. But I contemplate and I comprehend that today's discussion may have far-reaching consequences I am too slow and dull-minded to predict. I worry I may have sent a future calamity hurtling toward my people, and would ask that you not reveal this information to those... _corrupt of heart_.]

"I fully understand." Brunhilda says quietly. "I would like to work with you on human-Psion relations. Perhaps the two of us could learn from one another in mastering our respective powers. For now, only Sariah and I need to know of these developments. That way, we can keep any negative future issues contained purely to Chrona."

[I would appreciate such a boon.] Raavul says, while slowly blinking her eyes and nodding her head. [May the Founders bless our efforts with a gift of long-lasting peace between our species.]

"May the Wind Mother guide our hands to produce future miracles." Brunhilda replies with a radiant smile.

Jason's eyes flicker between the Psion and Felorian. He silently evaluates the potential Pandora's Box he may have just opened by bringing these two together.

But in his heart of hearts, he decides that it can only end up a net gain for humanity, assuming anything happens at all.

Maybe nothing will come of these talks and the Felorians, as well as other Qi Cultivators, won't become any mightier. Perhaps Raavul is wrong and they have indeed already reached the apex of their strength - barely being capable of contending against Demon Barons.

But then again... perhaps humanity may have just unlocked a new path of progression. A method they can use to rise to frightening heights in the not-so-distant future!

The Wordsmith shrugs.

_Eh. I'll worry about this stuff when it becomes more relevant. If bad things happen, I can always do some casual mind-wiping to eliminate the knowledge of Qi Empowerment. How crazy can things possibly get?_

While these high-level sentients debate the ethics of what they've just discussed, Initiator Ferral suddenly pipes up.

[Excuse me, Master Raavul. Can I interact with the Cerebral-115 now? Is it my turn?]

[You brat!] Raavul exclaims, resisting the urge to slap her disciple. [Stop embarrassing me! This Exotic is not a toy! Wait until you've reached the 3rd-Level before having designs on such a powerful material!]

Ferral's expression falls.

[Humph. Just you wait and see. I'll rise through the ranks faster than you can imagine, teacher!]

Jason chuckles. "Yeah, _sure_ you will, kid."