Part 281: Friendship Is Magic
Part 281: Friendship Is Magic

Ose's eyes lock onto the huge, lumbering behemoths rampaging within Hero City's borders. Despite a distance of several miles separating her from the action, Ose still easily picks them out and observes how the Titans battle against the lone Hydra.

_What's going on?_ Ose wonders. _How could Titans appear here? We exterminated their entire species, along with the Angels! Could this be another of Mephisto's trump cards? Unlikely. Mephisto's greatest weapon, his most prized possession, was the corpse of the Last Dragon. Leviathan turned to ash under the heat of a supernova, so the Duke of Mist can't summon him anymore._

_Based on Mephisto's reaction to his loss, he mustn't have also secretly possessed the corpses of multiple Titan Kings as well as a Hydra! Such an astonishing level of power is too terrifying to imagine! If Mephisto could control so many high-level existences, then not even I would be a match for him! He'd be a Duke capable of crushing Emperors! Simply ludicrous!_

Ose's thoughts move at lightning speed. In a single breath, thousands of considerations and possibilities flicker through her mind.

_The Titans appear to be fighting the Hydra. If they were summoned by Mephisto, why would they battle one another? Might he somehow be incapable of controlling them all? No. Perhaps Mephisto captured the Hydra's body when it perished, while the Titans were revived through... some other means._

The Emperor of Infiltration narrows her eyes.

_Jason Hiro. This must be his doing. Somehow, he's summoned the Titans back from the nether realm. But how? My intelligence informed me the Wordsmith couldn't revive the dead. While those conjectures might not have formed the most solid foundation for my knowledge, I cannot possibly cast them away as garbage. I sacrificed many pawns to confirm the matter._

As Ose watches the Hydra, one of the Titans catches her eye. Her heart jolts with terror.

"Zeus?!"

Shell-shocked, Ose's vision turns red as she spots one of her most ancient nemeses, the Titan King of Thunder. Zeus leaps into the sky and fires lightning-bolts downward, striking the Hydra's back with thunderous force. The giant monster screeches and howls, while two other Titans follow up with additional attacks.

Ose doesn't immediately recognize the other Titans, having not seen them in the flesh before. However, as they use their abilities, her expression turns to bewilderment.

_Ivaldi, the Titan Queen of Divinity?! Cronus, Zeus's Father?? I've read about them in the ancient texts. How in the Seven Hells could they appear here, now?!_

The longer Ose watches, the more her heart begins to twist, as if someone were slowly pressing a knife into it.

_My forces aren't enough to combat multiple Titans and a Hydra. If the Hidden Hells were to show up, then subjugating humanity wouldn't take me an hour. However, if I do that, then how can I call myself the leader of the First Hell?! How can my Hell possibly rank supreme with so many rabid mutts snapping at my ankles? I must solve this problem alone, disarm the humans, and crush those who oppose me with unrelenting force!_

_I am Ose! I am the smartest being to have ever walked the cosmos! I will go to any length to rule over all of creation!_

The Third Emperor's arrogance silently reaches new heights as she hypes herself up, hellbent on winning the Stormbringer War at all costs. 

Ose whirls to face Uriel. "No more time to waste, Archangel! You shall... eh?"

Despite having only gazed upon the distant action within Hero City for five seconds, Ose finds herself stumped when she turns to see that Uriel has disappeared.

"S-she left? SHE LEFT?! That cowardly dodo! I should have known she would turn tail and flee! Hahaha! HAHAHAH! To think the Seven Hells once feared this pathetic, half-dead relic from the Ancient Era! In the end, she's nothing more than a featherless-"

Right as Ose reaches the apex of her laughter, she stops dead in her tracks. An ominous foreboding appears in her heart, as if having realized something.

"No! She wouldn't!"

Ose turns her head toward Belial's crater, the spot where Ose beat the tar out of the Second Emperor and left her for dead. To her disbelief, she finds all of the Lords she dispatched to guard Belial's body instead staring dumbly at the distant Hydra and Titans, paying no attention to the empty crater in their midst.

The Emperor explodes with rage. "**YOU IMBECILES!!** Where are you looking?! Incompetent, bastardly wretches! You let Uriel steal away Belial's body! AHHHHHH!!"

With a flick of her wrist, Ose hurls a massive orb of electrical energy at the gawking Lords. They turn and freeze up in terror as the explosive energy-ball rushes at them.

"EMPER-!"

They don't get the chance to beg for mercy. Ose's ruthless attack explodes with terrific might, blasting apart the Lords at the subatomic level. Their bodies disappear and scatter to the ends of the planet, never to be seen again, while another, far bigger crater appears where they once stood.

Eye's eyes turn bloodshot from pure rage. Unable to maintain her cool, she jerks her head downward to bore holes in the planet's soil with her eyes.

"Hiding underground, are you?! Don't think I can't sense your energy, Uriel!! You tricky, backstabbing Archangel!"

As if called to action, the ground quietly opens up beneath Ose. A rocky platform rises from the planet's depths with an uneasy-looking Belial on the right and a noticeably more confident Uriel on the left.

Uriel rests her hands on her hips. She puffs out her chest a little, as if looking down on Ose.

"I can't _believe_ you..." Ose hisses. "To think you would be so spineless as to work with Belial. Have you forgotten that she was the one whose actions led to your imprisonment within Barbatos? She is your mortal enemy!"

Uriel's glowing white eyes narrow to slits.

"Nay. I have not forgotten. We came to... _an agreement._"

Ose nods slowly, fury boiling in her eyes.

"Is that so? An agreement, you say? Haha. Isn't that funny? Isn't that _fucking funny_?!"

Electricity begins to swirl around Ose like a whirling typhoon. Her eyes turn into crystallized embers of lightning as she grinds her teeth together.

"You think... you can kill me... just by working together?! Hahaha!! What a joke!! Ten of you wouldn't be my match!! If you want to resort to such tactics, then don't blame ME for getting nasty!"

Suddenly, Ose disappears.

_Fwip._

Her body bolts away at the speed of light, leaving only a momentary afterimage in its wake. Uriel and Belial both twitch in alarm, but frown a second later when Ose doesn't attack them.

"What is she doing?" Belial asks. "Where did she go?"

Slowly, Uriel raises her head.

"Up."

Belial follows her gaze. There, she witnesses a lightning storm of unimaginable proportions brewing. It swiftly expands in size, from five hundred feet in diameter, to half a mile, then a full mile.

Within seconds, the pitch black clouds engulf the sky, causing Belial to knit her brow in consternation.

"Ose's trying to pull something, Uriel! We have to stop her!"

Uriel's gaze flicks across the continuously increasing tempest, uncertainty clouding her thoughts.

"I agree. But how? I cannot fathom this new development. Does Ose intend to strike us down? The lightning is too dispersed. It covers too wide a range. Almost as if..."

Belial's pupils shrink to pinpricks. "The humans! Ose can't beat us... so she's going to attack humanity itself! All of our armed forces! Our citizens!"

Uriel snorts. "_Our_ citizens? They are human. Thou art a shapeshifting backstabber. They are not thy people, nor are they mine. I care not for their lives, only for erasing demonkind from the galaxy."

"If humanity dies today, YOU lose!" Belial cries. "We have to work together, Uriel! Fully! If you aren't going to help me save humanity, then why would I help you kill Ose?!"

Uriel's face twitches. A flicker of hatred, shrouded beneath Barbatos's helm, passes across her lips. A hidden grimace, a disgusted sneer.

However, Uriel doesn't immediately respond. Instead, she lowers her head and falls into thought for a moment.

"...I see. Thy words... they do make a small modicum of sense. Jason Hiro might be of use to me in slaying the Demon Emperors. He possesses a timid heart and is slow to violence, but humanity's mere presence might instill some hesitancy in my foes, giving me better opportunities to slay them."

Belial scowls. "Great! So are you going to work with me or not?! Every second we waste, Ose's thunderstorm becomes more powerful!"

Uriel sighs.

"I only healed thee for the sake of slaying Ose. Saving humanity is not something I care about in the slightest. Nevertheless, I do feel we must unite to save the humans, if only to suit my purposes."

"Don't get all broken up over the value of human life or some other nonsense," Belial snorts. "Now, how do you propose we move forward?"

...

Lightning bolts begin firing from the skies, slowly at first, but faster and faster as the seconds pass. While not as deadly as Ose's concentrated lightning attacks, they still ignite fires inside the Horned Forest and crash upon the exosuit-wearing soldiers, causing their T-REX's to hiccup and malfunction. Not one lightning bolt ever comes close to striking a demon, proving that Ose can manipulate the storm's power while keeping her presence concealed.

After a quick deliberation, Belial and Uriel launch their counter attack! The Archangel uses Barbatos's abilities to open a portal through space to a spot above the clouds, then Belial jumps through.

As Belial falls, she sweeps her senses around, searching for Ose. Belial sprouts a pair of leathery, demonic wings, then flaps hard to dive into the maelstrom.

"Where are you, Ose?! For someone who called Uriel a coward, it's funny how you've chosen to skulk in the darkness!"

Despite Belial's provocation, Ose doesn't reveal herself. Instead, she projects her voice throughout the storm.

"I've planned humanity's demise for six years, Belial. Don't hasten your death. There's plenty of time for my final show to play out!"

Belial frowns.

_Uriel told me that Ose has been unusually easy to provoke since assuming her Ultraform, yet that doesn't seem to be the case at all. Did she misjudge Ose?_

While Belial ruminates on Ose's secretive twist, the Thunder Goddess herself lurks within the clouds, turning herself formless to become as undetectable as possible.

_It is time. Now, with the battle nearing its climax, I shall unleash my checkmate._

---

_Somewhere unknown, in a bunker concealed within Hero City's depths._

The planet shakes and rumbles as Titans wrestle with a Hydra in Hero City's center. Elder Skarde and a group of human commanders busily go about their work, keeping in contact with the various warfronts to the north, east, south, and west of Hero City, as well as the city's reserve armies.

A glimmer of sadness appears in Skarde's eyes as he receives new intelligence.

"Commander Kar has died. I... I see. Tsk. Tragic beyond belief. And you lot, you still can't find the Hero's wife and daughter? You must! We need to protect them at this critical juncture! Jason shall surely return soon. With the last Covenant ship destroyed, we have to bring them both to a shelter where they'll be safe!"

Skarde's subordinate, a young blonde woman, nods. "I understand, Elder. We're trying our hardest, but with the sudden appearance of a Hydra, as well as those... frost giants? We're losing anyone we send to investigate. I've already lost contact with six platoons. We believe they were stomped to death by the giants."

The hidden base rumbles again. A distant bellow, monstrous in nature, vibrates the stale underground air.

Skarde's expression darkens. "We've also lost contact with the Monitoring Division. Were they...?"

"I believe their facility was reduced to rubble, yes," The woman replies.

"I see. Then they're likely all dead. We can still communicate and coordinate with our teams. Command everyone to spread out to the edges of the city. The giants seem to be keeping their battle contained within the city's center, so more and more citizens will perish if they don't flee. Nowhere is safe within the central killing zone."

"Yes, Elder. I'll relay your orders at once."

The woman turns on her heel and walks away. She heads over to a communication booth, one with digital transmission backups for maintaining command with the army.

Skarde grits his teeth. He squeezes his fingers into fists and mashes them against his hips while growling under his breath. "Ksss! Damnation. How can we possibly win with so many things going wrong?! Giants, a Hydra, Ose's rampage, Kar dead... I have to maintain morale. If the soldiers lose confidence, we'll perish without a chance to weep."

As Elder Skarde loses more and more hope, a trio of officers walk up to him from behind. "Elder. We have good news."

Their words cause his heart to skip a beat. Skarde nearly jumps for joy.

"Y-you do?! Tell me!"

"Hans has completed the modifications for the Atlas Cannon. It can fire when ready, but we'll only have one shot."

Skarde's elation dissipates. He becomes confused.

"Atlas Cannon? What is that?"

The leader of the trio smiles politely. "It's natural you wouldn't know. Hans has kept the existence of this weapon top secret. We wouldn't want the demons to learn of it. It's an orbital satellite with immense striking power. We believe that, given the right circumstances, one might even be capable of slaying a Demon Emperor with a direct hit."

Skarde's eyes brighten immediately. "I see! What a stroke of good luck! If we can use it to slay Ose during a moment of inattention, we will end this war in a single move!"

The Elder turns to someone sitting at a nearby terminal.

"Officer Davis, where is Ose, currently?"

The man glances quickly presses several buttons on his communication hub. Within seconds, he receives a reply from a field scout.

"We aren't certain, sir. Last we heard, she was fighting Artorias and Belial."

Skarde frowns, clearly unaware of the circumstances behind Belial teaming up with 'Artorias.'

"Hmm. Tell everyone to start searching. I want our scouts to be a fly on her ass within the next five minutes. Find that murdering bitch so we can put an end to this war, once and for all."

Skarde turns back to the three officers. "Alright. Now, I need you to tell me how to- hm?"

The Elder's heart skips a beat. Behind him, all three officers stand silently, their weapons drawn and aimed at his chest.

_BLAM BLAM BLAM!_

Skarde doesn't get even a moment  to react before half a dozen bullets and plasma balls burst through his chest, spraying his innards backward.

Screams of fright erupt throughout the command center. Several people grab at their guns, only for the three 'officers' to turn around and fire upon everyone in sight. Along with them, a dozen other traitors materialize, their eyes uncaring for the lives of their fellow citizens.

_Bang! Bang! Blam!_

"Aaaaugh!"

Horrified screams resound, along with choked gasps of people with blood-filled throats. As the Command Center falls into chaos, the turncoats finish up their work. Like efficient killing machines, they blow out the brains of anyone not on their side, taking special care to leave no one alive.

Five minutes later, the Command Center falls silent. Elder Skarde lays dead, his eyes unseeing, yet filled with shock and horror.

One of the traitors walks over to a nearby console.

"These are the command codes. Establish a link to the Atlas Cannon. Emperor Ose wants full control of it within ten minutes. No delays."

The other traitors merely nod, executing her order without complaints. They casually walk past the blood-soaked bodies of their former allies and comrades, paying them no heed.

"A stray bullet hit this console," one man says. "It's shot to shit."

"That's fine. Turn on the backup. Use the code E11-416."

"Yes, ma'am."

...

_Elsewhere, in a place high above Tarus II._

A satellite ten miles long, with an elongated, thin, needle-shaped cannon, circles Tarus II. Its barrel points toward the planet's surface menacingly, like a shark eyeing its prey.

Inside the Atlas's confines, a similar battle occurs. Fifty turncoats erupt into violence, catching their comrades off-guard. They gun down hundreds of unarmed scientists and officers, none of them ever expecting an ambush aboard a satellite suspended in space.

After cleaning out every human aboard the Atlas, these traitors take up their positions at the weapon's controls.

"Command codes locked in. I've seized control of the mainframe."

"I'm double-checking the coolant pipes. Heat conductors appear to be functioning nominally."

"We're still out of position. Ten minutes before the Atlas orbits to a suitable firing location."

As the humans work together, their thoughts work in tandem, increasing their efficiencies five-fold.

Once they complete their checks, they fall silent. With three minutes left before they can fire the cannon, they have nothing else to do but wait.

One of the men glances at the corpses of his former friends nearby.

"...Should we, uh... clean up the Bridge?"

"Not necessary," Another man snaps, clearly agitated. "Focus on the mission. We have to pull this off, Marco. Our families are depending on us."

The first man, Marco, hesitates.

"...Can we trust Ose to keep her word?"

"We don't have a choice but to believe her," The second man mutters. "Do you really think the fucking Wordsmith will win this war? Think again. Remember all the Hidden Emperors Ose told us about? If they gang up and attack humanity, nothing will save us. It's better to carve out a life for ourselves in Ose's society now than to perish along with the rest of the rabble."

Marco falls silent. He looks at another nearby body and sighs.

"That's Jacob. He and I were good friends, you know? His wife, Petra, she's going to suffer because of us."

"Who gives a fuck?" The second man growls. "Petra's as good as dead anyway, imbecile. Just look at the data they're sending us. The demons have Hero City completely surrounded. All the Covenant ships are gone. Nobody can escape. Just by numbers alone, there's no way the demons can lose."

A moment of silence follows.

Marco's eyes turn despondent.

"I suppose you're right, Cliff. As... as long as my family can escape... that's good enough. It has to be good enough."

Cliff flicks his eyes toward Marco.

"You getting cold feet now, brother?"

"No. No, I'm still loyal..." Marco mutters. He sullenly turns back to his controls and keys in a few commands, checking to see how much longer before they reach a firing position.

Cliff eyeballs Marco from afar. A look of murderous intent appears in his eyes as he jumps to his feet, pulls out his gun, and takes aim.

_BLAM! BLAM!_

Marco perishes, unable to retaliate, as his so-called 'comrade' guns him down in cold blood.

The others on the bridge glance at Marco for a moment, sneer, then shake their heads.

"Never did like that guy," One lady grunts. "Fucking coward. Gutless."

"Can't trust someone like that," Another person adds. "They're liable to backstab you after backstabbing their other friends. Idiot should have kept his mouth shut."

Cliff nods. He walks over and violently kicks Marco's corpse off the chair, then beckons to someone else. "Take over his spot. Let me know when we enter firing range."

"Yes, sir."

Cliff plops back down in his chair, anger clouding his face.

_You think I don't know Ose could backstab us? Of course I do. Unlike you, I don't regret my choices. I act decisively. I'm gonna protect my family, Marco, while you'll just have to visit them in the Great Beyond._

_I only have one path forward now. If I fail... if Ose fails... we'll all die like dogs._

---

>!This is what a spoiler looks like! Click it to reveal the text!!