Part 352: New Allies
Part 352: New Allies

Maia, the Duke of Empathy, drops to her knees and kowtows before Emperor Belial.

"Thank you! Thank you, Samantha. Our Hell is in debt to you!"

"It's like you said." Belial says, shooting a complicated look at Jason beside her. "It's still my Hell. I do feel a little responsible for all of you. And since Jason can make use of you, we'll welcome the succubi, incubi, and your human chattel too."

Jason aims his eyes at the kowtowing succubus. "But! In my society, there will not be any slaves, Maia. You will release all of them and they will become free to do as they please. Since succubi and incubi require human 'interaction' to survive, I will do what I can to encourage an atmosphere of 'frolicking' between your Hell and my species, but you cannot force anyone into your bedchambers, nor can you use your magical powers to coerce them. If I find out you've violated this order, you do _not_ want to know what actions I'll take."

Maia raises her head to nod at Jason. "Yes, yes. I understand. Thank you, Jason Hiro. I have never bowed to a human before, but please, accept my thanks."

The Wordsmith nods serenely. After she stands up and regains her sense of balance, he raises an eyebrow.

"By the way. I've been meaning to ask... why are you so thin? Do you not get enough to eat?"

Maia's frail, anorexic-looking body worries the Wordsmith, making him wonder if she has some sort of medical condition. However, Maia merely shakes her head.

"Humans often worry about my health. But do not worry, Wordsmith. I am a demon. When demons reach the rank of Duke, they often begin to suffer from some sort of backlash. Mephisto and other necromancers tend to lose their flesh and organs, becoming ghastly bone-walkers. Beelzebub lost his sense of pain. For me, I lost my ability to control my emotions, and my body became what you see now."

Jason looks at Belial. "Do you have anything like that?"

"Don't think so." Belial answers. "But then again, I didn't evolve like normal demons do. I received my power from a dragon."

"So did Valac." Jason points out.

"Yeah. I guess if you count my crippling inability to take responsibility for anything in my life, that might be my demonic weakness." Belial ponders. "But otherwise, I've gotten off easy. Some demons do, and some don't. Ose doesn't seem to have any particular physical condition ailing her, but even you must have noticed how megalomaniacal she's become since ascending to Emperor. I'll bet it's related."

"Mmm." Jason grunts, while glancing at the other Dukes and silently wondering if any of them have similar issues. "Good to know. Alright, Maia, since you're officially under my protection now, when would you like to start transferring your people to Tarus II? I'll need some time to construct a settlement for you, and frankly, the humans must come first."

"There's no need to rush." Maia says. "I doubt the other demons will find out about our pact with you unless someone tells them otherwise. We can keep our meeting quiet for a while until you've situated yourself on your homeworld."

With the most important reason for her coming addressed, Maia relaxes a little bit. Behind her, the other four Dukes walk over, with Sylvia appearing especially attentive.

"Jason. There's another reason we came to meet you today. In less than two hours, Ose plans to hold a coronation ceremony. She will advance Bael's body to the rank of Emperor by ingesting just under a million human souls. We thought you might want to know about this."

"A million souls?!" Jason exclaims. "You should have opened with that!"

"Oh? I'm sorry." Sylvia says, cocking her head. "I... didn't realize the information would be of that much importance to you."

"I can't let her devour so many lives." Jason says, gritting his teeth. "I have to rescue those people as soon as possible. I'll have to ask Fiona to accelerate her work..."

"Rescue people?" Maia repeats. "What work are you trying to accelerate? I don't understand. Souls aren't people, are they?"

Belial smirks. "Well. Jason hasn't been sitting on his ass for the past week. Ever since our raid on Faith's End, Jason has been prepping several counter-measures against demonkind's elites. Most of them are defensive in nature. A few aren't."

Belial doesn't elaborate, deliberately keeping her subordinate Dukes in the dark. After all, they have only just accepted an alliance, and have not yet earned her or Jason's trust.

Sensing Belial's reluctance to explain the situation, Maia wisely chooses not to pry further.

"I see. Ose will be holding her ceremony on Hell Harbor before the leaders of the Seven Hells. The Hell of Lust isn't going to attend, and I'd bet good coin the Hell of Isolation won't, either."

"The Hell of Isolation..." Belial mutters under her breath. "I wonder if we could forge a similar alliance with them? Getting a few Emperors on our side would boost our battle potential considerably."

"Let's hold off on that idea." Jason says. "Integrating a single Hell into our armies is already a tall enough order. I don't imagine the people who lost friends and family to demons will be all too happy about me deciding to just throw millions of former enemies into our ranks."

Jason gestures toward the five Dukes from the Hell of Lust.

"All of you can head back to start preparing for our merge. Right now, Sam and I need to get back to Tarus II."

Maia nods. "I understand. Thank you for listening to us, Jason Hiro. And thank you for accepting us back into your good graces, Emperor Samantha. We will not disappoint you like we did before."

Belial waves her hand. "Water under the bridge. See ya, Maia."

Maia turns to leave, and the other Dukes follow her.

"Hey, Hero," Sylvia says, blowing an air-kiss his way. "Nice talking to you. You're a cutie. Let me know if you're single or looking for fun, next time we meet."

"Still married." Jason simply retorts.

"If you switch to the 'other team,'" Igor says, "Let ME know! I will teach you the pleasures of loving a man."

"I'll be sure to get right on that." Jason quips.

Titania waves shyly. "B-bye bye..."

Jahn is the last to leave. He doesn't say anything, but instead merely eyes Jason from head to toe, faintly smiles, and gives the Hero a thumbs-up. 

Once all of the demons depart, Jason and Belial walk back into the Core. The Wordsmith lowers the Core's alert level to return everyone to their posts, then pivots to face Belial.

"Phoebe isn't just going to rescue all the human souls." Jason reveals. "She's going to rescue every single human in the galaxy, all at the same time, and put them in a designated safe zone on the opposite side of Tarus II. I'm going to need your help, Samantha."

"What? Phoebe can _do_ that?" Belial asks, visibly confused. "But... but how?"

"It turns out the Lazarus Tower has to be able to detect and triangulate the positions of ALL human souls." Jason says. "Not just errant ones, but living ones, too. This means if we tie it into a mass-teleportation system, we can rescue every human captive in every location known and unknown to man, then drop them into a safe place where the demons can't hurt them."

Belial frowns deeply. "That sounds great, Jason, but teleportation isn't a simple matter. It requires vast amounts of energy even when used efficiently. Where are you going to get all the energy you need for this act of mass teleportation?"

"From our favorite new artifact." Jason answers. "It will drain the Cube's mana reserves by more than half, but I believe this will be an absolutely crucial measure. We will immediately obtain a massive boost in soldiers, laborers, and other types of humans. We'll save all the people being exploited, abused, and injured across all of the galaxy in a single, fell swoop."

"You seem to be handwaving quite a significant matter." Belial counters. "Can you control which humans get summoned through the Lazarus Tower's means? Humans from the Hell of Isolation are neither slaves nor mistreated. You should leave them alone. And more humans are sympathetic to demonic causes than you might expect. You could easily draw in thousands of possible saboteurs, criminals, rapists, murderers, and who knows what other awful types of people."

She continues. "I understand why you would want to do this, but Jason, don't you think this could backfire? You need to be preparing for the Hidden Emperor's invasion, not saving humans who will only overburden the food and water supply, stress your barely functional infrastructure, and force you to pay attention to fulfilling all of their basic needs, lest they immediately die."

"I need to save lives right now." Jason says. "I probably won't be able or want to kill too many Hidden Emperors when they show up. The more who are left alive, the more likely they'll butcher their slaves in fits of rage, or kill them to create more souls, and so on."

"Human slaves aren't utterly indispensable," Belial counters again. "But they're fairly important to demon society. If killing a million of them were a simple matter, you'd be facing a lot more Emperors right now. It would be trivially easy to have raised a billion humans over the last hundred thousand years and killed them for easy souls."

For the first time in a while, Jason appears stumped. "Why don't demons do that, anyway? Humans are already practically livestock among the Seven Hells. Wouldn't the Emperors want to raise as many other mighty demons as they can?"

"Ah." Belial says, smiling wryly and shaking her head. "You haven't figured out yet how cutthroat demon politics actually are. There are several reasons why the number of Emperors has remained almost entirely stagnant since the Energy Wars."

"First," she continues, "You have to consider the Volgrim rules. Demons were not permitted to allow the human population to swell beyond a certain limit. As Unarin said in his broadcast, the Volgrim consider humans an Omega-level threat. Letting too many breed would not only provide the humans with chances to make small but essential improvements over time, but it would also vastly increase the likelihood the demons would evolve more Emperors and that might ultimately threaten the Volgrim's interests too. Considering the uprisings that led to the mind-wipes, this isn't an inconsequential possibility."

"Secondly, space is more limited than you might think. Demons are inherently selfish. Imagine if demons wanted to raise humans en-masse. Unlike most demons, humans need to eat to survive, so they would need agriculture on a massive scale. This would take away land from demons on their controlled worlds, leading to resentment among the lower ranks. Humans need all sorts of amenities to stay living long enough for their souls to 'harden,' and so on."

"Right." Jason interjects. "Because while infant souls are the purest and most nourishing, demons would want a lot of those children to grow up and reproduce, and there's a noticeable lull in a soul's nourishment once the immediate powerup from being born takes hold, when an infant leaves their mother. It takes time for a human to reach middle age, when their soul is the strongest, but then it weakens until they reach old age and die."

"Exactly. And going off my second point, the third point continues about how demons are inherently selfish." Belial explains. "Who do you think is going to till the soil and raise the crops these humans need to eat? Not demons. They already have slaves produce food for other slaves, but it's at a much smaller scale than would be necessary to feed a billion humans. And those slaves would need overseers, which would still mean 'work' for demons, which as you can imagine, only gets worse over time, and so on."

"The final reason demons haven't added more Emperors to their ranks is the most contradictory, but also the most important one." Belial concludes. "Demons are even more selfish than my previous reasons might suggest. The current Emperors currently reap all the benefits of being a few at the top. If they wanted, they could monopolize souls to add more and more Emperors, but instead, they spread them out to keep the lower classes in a state of passivity. If the Emperors wanted to better demon society, they could have made huge gains while they enjoyed millennia without conflict, but instead, they just passed the time and became stagnant."

Belial sighs deeply. "Even so, with just the Hidden Emperors who exist now, you're in for a hard-fought battle, Jason. I can't see you winning without losing countless lives."

Jason gently squeezes Belial's shoulder while smiling at her. "Don't underestimate me, Sam. I've barely tapped into Wordsmithing's potential. While I could easily use the Cube to obliterate all the Demon Emperors, that would be a fantastic waste of its remaining primordial energy. Instead, I'm going to use it to accelerate humanity's uplifting speed. In this way, even if the Hidden Emperors manage to kill me, or if I have to leave for any reason, humanity will remain stable and capable of protecting itself. Last time, when I fetched the Cube, I left humanity practically defenseless. I won't repeat that mistake again."

Belial purses her lips. "So... you're planning to rescue millions of humans for the sake of speeding up your distant future goals?"

"That's right." Jason says. "Like how in strategy games, you can choose a combat start, or an economy start. I'm going full economy because in the interim, I alone am capable of providing the combat support to protect the economy supply lines. But once the economy reaches a certain level, it will vastly outperform me on all levels. Then I can switch to a support role, boosting the economy further while my well-oiled war machine steamrolls humanity's enemies."

Belial stares at Jason intently.

"I have literally no idea what you just said."

"Sorry. It's nerd stuff." Jason says with a shrug. "Now let's get back to Tarus II. When I summon all the humans, some of them will probably have critical health issues. I want you and your medical associates to attend to them and check for people who are wounded and sick. Make sure you assume a human form so they don't know who you are. Blend into the masses and do your best to make sure nobody dies during the transition."

"I still don't think this is a good idea..." Belial mutters. "But I'll do what I can to smooth the transition."

"Atta girl." Jason says with a grin.

He teleports himself and Belial back to Tarus II, leaving the Core to return to green alert level on their own.

Even without the Wordsmith around, the humans in the Core do their jobs smoothly and efficiently.

Exactly as expected.

---

A little over an hour later, Jason and Phoebe once again stand inside the Lazarus Tower, this time watching with high anxiety levels as Fiona's movements become faster and more focused. She expertly continues to adjust all sorts of temporal and spatial settings, seeking out every human soul in the Milky Way, no matter where they might be.

A spiritually-projects screen hovers in front of Fiona, displaying statistics regarding the number of humans she's detected. To Jason's surprise, the number already exceeds thirty-five million people.

"It seems just under two million of them are errant souls." Phoebe whispers. "The other thirty-three million are humans living in captivity. I am a little worried, Jason. Don't you think it's a bad idea to bring so many people here all at once? They're going to be scared, worried, and maybe even hostile. Plus, they outnumber all of our current forces _ten to one_!"

"I know you're scared, but don't let the numbers fool you." Jason says. "We're putting all the newcomers on the other side of the planet. Humans can't teleport around or travel quickly without vehicles. I've already erected a large underground installation for their accommodations, meager though it might be. There's an environmental shield above the landing location, and we'll have a few thousand soldiers in the area to suppress riots. Don't forget how much stronger T-REX's make our men and women. A single soldier can hold off an army of unarmed humans with relative ease. Actually killing him would take some seriously good luck on the attackers' part."

Phoebe chews her lip. She activates a holographic image of the rescue area, showing hundreds of simple, utilitarian buildings designed to maximize bed-space over anything else. Ten surveillance towers two hundred feet tall overlook the facilities, allowing soldiers to camp out and keep an eye on the rescued humans. Additionally, plenty of incidental but important infrastructure, such as toilets and gardens, line the area, having been created in only the last two days. Hovering drones float about, continuing to build new structures in accordance with Jason';s requirements by 'beaming' materials into existence.

"I hope you're right." Phoebe says.

Minutes pass. When Fiona reaches the ideal time, she turns to Jason and gives him a thumbs-up.

"Calibrated and ready."

Jason nods. He teleports two thousand already-prepared soldiers across the planet into their designated positions atop buildings, hills, and the surveillance towers. He teleports Belial and her hospital staff there as well, followed by a contingent of heavily armed monsters and humans to deter rioters and ne'er-do-well's.

Finally, Jason teleports himself and Phoebe across the planet, leaving Fiona behind to activate the Lazarus Tower's functions. When they arrive, the husband and wife duo activate their T-REX's to protect themselves. Then, Jason sends a message to Fiona.

"Do it."

A few moments later, a strange tingling sensation runs across Jason's skin as a huge wave of active mana washes across Tarus II's surface. All at once, hundreds and thousands and millions of beams of light fall upon the ten-by-ten mile plot of land, slamming into the ground and materializing one human after another. As per Fiona's programmed instructions, these humans tend to stick together according to where they originated from, while maintaining a surprisingly even spread with plenty of room between all the new arrivals.

At the same time, two million invisible souls rush across the Milky Way and travel into the storage space of the Lazarus Tower, entering a state of limbo where they will wait until the right time in the future to be resurrected, when Jason and Fiona have completed a method to achieve their ultimate goal.

As the minutes pass, more and more bewildered humans materialize inside the facility. Confused slaves, frightened miners, and even the more free-spirited humans living amidst the Hells of Lust and Isolation appear, all of them completely in the dark about what has just happened. Choruses of crying children, screaming women, and angry men fill the air. People look to one another, demanding to know what just happened, but no matter who they turn to, nobody seems to have any answers.

After more than fifteen minutes, Fiona transmits a message to Jason.

"Done."

She instantly materializes beside her husband, using the Pylons Jason built to instantly travel anywhere on Tarus II as required. When she appears, Jason nods, his nerves stretching taut.

"The moment of truth. We've actually done it!"

With so many people around, Jason becomes visibly excited at the thought of possibly discovering people he's been hoping to find for well over a week now.

"Daisy's soul must be in the Lazarus Tower..." Jason murmurs. "And if we're lucky, Neil should be here too."

"Don't expect too much." Fiona warns her husband. "The method I used to find these people and the errant souls isn't much different from how your Wordsmithing would do it. If you couldn't find someone... the Lazarus Tower probably couldn't, either."

"I don't care." Jason says. "I just have to hope for the best, hope we have some way to save our little girl... and hope her soul hasn't been..."

Phoebe and Fiona both fall silent, descending into momentary melancholy as they experience similar emotions to their husband. 

Soon, he will address these rescued people to alleviate their concerns.

Soon, the next phase of his master plan will come into action.

...

Meanwhile, inside the vast and sprawling camp, some of the rescuees don't appear quite as terrified as those around them.

A Japanese man plops to the ground and crosses his legs, while sitting inside a building filled with screaming and ranting people. He surveys those around him with a sense of eerie calmness, as if these new circumstances have nothing to do with him.

"Hoho. How interesting. I didn't expect the Wordsmith to pull off something like this. But... will it be enough? His Karma is filled with signs of trouble. He will have to struggle with all his might if he hopes to free himself from his fate."

And, in another building, a dark-skinned man and his daughter stick together while warily keeping their eyes on the people around them.

"Daddy. Daddy, I'm scared..." The young woman, perhaps twenty years old, whispers. "What's going on? How did we get here? Where are we?"

The man shields his daughter with his body, protecting her from any possible threats. He keeps an eye on the many nearby men and women, his cybernetic eye scoping out threats in the vicinity.

"Don't worry, Lily. Our circumstances are... not necessarily unfortunate. I have a feeling a certain 'Hero' is responsible for accosting us."

"There's so many people." Lily whispers to her father, Benjamin Brown. "What if they attack us?"

"Then I'll kill them all." Benjamin answers. "Nobody will hurt my little girl. Not even a hair on your head."

In dozens of buildings on the easternmost side of the rescue location, a massive wall of humans equipped with T-REX's appear, all of them only a little confused by their circumstances. They quickly activate their T-REX's, then look at the million or so people around them.

"What the heck are we doing here?"

"Isn't this just another place on Tarus II? Did the Wordsmith bring us here?"

"That's what my suit says."

Jason, watching from above, quickly notices the anomaly.

"Uhh... Fiona. You _did_ exclude the humans on Tarus II and in the Core... right?"

Fiona turns red with embarrassment. "Oh, drat! I totally forgot! I was in such a rush..."

"Haha..." Phoebe laughs awkwardly. "At least it's only a minor oversight. We still have allied monsters and demons to protect the Core, and it won't take Jason long to move our people back there."

"Yeah." Jason grumps. "But it's a waste of even more primordial energy."

"Oopsie!" Fiona laughs, sticking out her tongue. "Sorry, honey!"