[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVy8EkhQvoI)

Carrying dead men and women around should not have bothered Phoebe. Heaven knew she had done it enough in her life. Easing herself down, she hefted a bearded soldier down next to a line of other dead men, then stood up, rubbing her sore back. For over an hour now, those who had survived Beelzebub's attack and the reserves from Tarus II had been lining up the thousands of dead in the Core wherever they could make room, identifying them, and noting their names down. Phoebe's lip trembled as she spotted a familiar Kitsune, one she had spoken to not three hours ago. "Piper... you were a good boy." She sat down next to him and stroked his soft, red fur.

He and Henry must have rushed in when the fighting began. From the reports she had heard, Beelzebub directed his soulfire at the gate when the soldiers started funneling inside, creating a killzone and blocking the path for the rest. Piper had been one of the first to run inside. _Of course he was,_ Phoebe thought, as a tear rolled down her cheek. _He was a good boy._

Henry sat nearby, rocking back and forth on his feet. He was one of the younger men, an offworlder who was not part of Bahamut's legions. Heck, he was older than Jason, at twenty, but still only a kid. 

_Just when he thought he had started making friends and getting used to a world without demonic oppression..._ Phoebe thought.

Henry met Phoebe's gaze but quickly looked away. He choked awkwardly and tried to pretend he did not want to cry. Phoebe wanted to say something, only to hesitate when the succubus, Samantha, appeared at his side. Ever since her arrival, Phoebe had noticed her walking around and comforting as many soldiers as she could.

"Do you want to talk about anything, sweetie?" She wrapped her arm around Henry comfortingly. Henry's eyes dilated as her succubus aura worked its way into his mind, but the grief from losing his best friend overpowered any urges he might have.

Henry bit his lip and shook his head. "I want to cry... but I can't. I can't feel anything. There's a hole."

Samantha kissed his cheek and pulled his head closer, resting it on her shoulder. "I know, little one. Losing the person you love hurts more than anything in the world. Here, let it out. Nobody will judge you."

Henry resisted for only three seconds before her aura overpowered him, and finally, he succumbed and buried his face in his hands. "Uwaaah! It's not fair! Piper didn't deserve to die! He never hurt a fly! He was the nicest fox in the whole world!!"

Samantha nodded soothingly, and slowly her eyes met Phoebe's. She did not say anything at all.

The Kitsune, Felaris, and Wolfkin were some of the most peaceful creatures in the Labyrinth. Comprised of foxes, cats, and wolves, they were animalistic demi-humans often hunted for their fur. While territorial, they only guarded and fought in self-defense. They had survived because they remained neutral, no matter what conflict happened. Even so, sometimes vile beings would slaughter and capture their citizens for nefarious purposes.

They were beautiful creatures that did not deserve a senseless death. Nobody did, of course, but especially not them.

Henry's sobbing intensified. He hiccupped and sniffled, all while choking down burning tears. After a while, Samantha pulled away from him, laying him on the ground to curl up in a ball and release his emotions. The poor man was in such anguish that he did not even notice her leave.

Samantha slinked over to Phoebe and held out her hand. "Get up. Come with me. Being around all of your dead friends is killing you inside."

Phoebe shook her head. "I'm fine."

"Don't lie to an empath," She warned.

After a few moments, Phoebe relented. Taking Samantha's hand, she pulled herself up and eyed her. The two had barely spoken since the cleanup began. Samantha had been going from man to man, helping out with carrying bodies, usually two and four at a time, while stopping every so often to speak with anyone in distress, including the women.

She was several inches taller than Phoebe, perhaps a little over six feet tall. Her horns added to that, making her more imposing and menacing looking, yet somehow, perhaps by virtue of her scant clothing and beautiful smile, she managed to appear smaller and less intimidating than the average demon.

_Samantha is incredible,_ Phoebe thought, averting her gaze. _Better than me. She's nowhere close to the verge of tears._

Samantha rubbed her right arm. "Your inner aura is in turmoil. It's been a long time since I met a human so conflicted. Come, leave the rest to the men, they can handle it. You need alone time."

Phoebe did not argue, allowing Samantha to lead her off to a far corner of the room. The empty looks in the eyes of many men as they dragged and carried former comrades from here to there made her want to cry, but also to punch something.

_Dammit. If only Jason were here, he could have defeated that demon in seconds._ Phoebe thought.

_Phoebe, stop! You can't expect Jason to do everything! He can't be everywhere at once!_ She thought to herself.

_But what if he wasn't gone? He could have—_ Phoebe continued thinking.

"Phoebe? Are you enjoying the view?" Samantha's voice startled her. Phoebe looked up and realized she was standing in front of a wall, staring at her shoes, blankly. 

"Uh, n-no. Sorry. I have a lot on my mind."

Samantha sighed and plopped down against the wall, crossed her legs, then patted a spot to her right. "Sit here."

"Do I have to?"

"No. But you should."

She had a way with words. Maybe it was her succubus aura, though Phoebe did not think it was supposed to work on females. Maybe she wanted someone to talk to, so she was just following Samantha's orders.

Crouching down, Phoebe sat beside Samantha, wrapped her arms around her legs, and rested her head on her knees.

Neither of them said anything for a full minute.

Phoebe's anxiousness got the better of her. "So... you're a succubus, huh?"

Samantha edged a little closer and wrapped her arm around her. "Mhm. I wasn't expecting small talk, but that's decent for a conversation starter."

Phoebe smiled, in spite of the pain in her chest. "S-sorry. I'm not... I don't know how to handle..."

Samantha surprised Phoebe by reaching over and putting a finger to her lips. "Shh. I understand. I've lost those I care about too. I've watched idiot men run off and start war after war, getting themselves killed and leaving me behind. You get used to it after the first hundred times, but it never stops aching."

The finger on Phoebe's lips stirred up odd feelings in her chest. She quickly turned her head away to clear her thoughts. "I knew so many of the people who died..."

"Have you ever lost the person closest to you?"

"No. Not really." Phoebe paused. 

A face appeared in her mind. 

_Percival._ 

"I lied. Yes."

"I can see the look in your eyes. We're birds of a feather." Samantha stroked Phoebe's cheek, then pulled away from her, fluffing her hair out and fanning it across her chest. "You're a woman who cares about everyone around her, Phoebe. I've heard rumors of your kindness. It's no wonder the Hero finds you attractive."

"J-Jason? The Hero! You know about him?"

When Phoebe turned to look at her, Samantha caressed her lips with the same finger she had used to touch hers. "Well, I _have_ been living here for over two months. I'm not especially sociable, nor bright, but I can at least determine who runs the place."

Phoebe's eyes raised to her horns. "But... you're... a high ranking demon. Certainly higher than Beelzebub..."

"So? Do you hate me because of my skin? My horns?"

Phoebe shook her head immediately. "No. Jason always says we can't judge others based on their appearance. He learned that lesson from someone important to him."

"That's wonderful!" Samantha leaned against Phoebe again, sticking her tongue out and licking her cheek. "I do love those who are open-minded about the world." 

Phoebe yelped in surprise and fell back. "Wh-what are you doing?"

She smiled coyly and pulled back. "Just having a bit of fun. Sometimes, when things hurt the most, you have to force a smile. Did it bother you?"

Shaking her head, Phoebe sat up again. "No. I was— it was a little shocking. A woman had never done something like that to me before."

Samantha folded her arms over her chest. "Ah, I see. I'm sorry, I'm terrible at respecting personal boundaries. When I see someone I like, I take a risk with my heart."

"Someone you... like? Me?"

"Yes. I like you. Do you like me?"

Phoebe shook her head, paused, nodded, then shook her head again. "I... I don't— you saved us, but I barely know you. As an acquaintance, yes, but— do you mean..."

"As a companion, of course. Nothing more." Samantha rubbed her back against the wall. "I'm just teasing, Phoebe. Let's move past my bad manners. The reason I wanted to talk to you... well, erm..."

She paused and looked away, averting her eyes from Phoebe's. Phoebe craned her neck to look at her. "What reason?"

Samantha blushed, her red skin deepening noticeably. "Mmm. Well, I've seen you walking around, and there's a tremendous feeling of loneliness emanating from you. Have you slept well, lately?"

The succubus turned to look at Phoebe, scrutinizing her expression as she considered her answer. "No. Not very. Some nights are better than others."

"Because of Jason, right? The Hero?"

"Yes. Jason calls me every so often with his power, but we don't talk long. I usually sleep well for a night after, but then insomnia ruins me again. Why are you asking?"

"I have a sense about these things. Phoebe, have you considered visiting him?"

"No." Phoebe shook her head. "He's deep in the Labyrinth right now, on a personal mission to... well, it's private."

A thoughtful look crossed Samantha's face. She rocked left and right, resting her arms in her lap as she gazed at the ceiling. "He could have defeated that power-hungry Lord in a snap. How unfortunate he wasn't here."

Phoebe nodded sullenly. "Yes. Err, you let Beelzebub go... can— can you tell me why? Did you know him?"

Samantha waved a hand. "No. It's more that I hate killing, even if someone else is a mass murderer. Violence has consumed demonkind since our creation. There's only one person I'd ever kill, but I'm satisfied by her punishment."

A question popped into Phoebe's head. "Who are you referring to? I mean, if you don't mind my asking."

Samantha's smile vanished. Her face hardened into steel as she lowered her eyes. "The Black Witch, Amelia Greyheart. She brutally murdered the demon I loved. I hate her with every fiber of my being. However, someone locked her away. Forced to scream and cry for all eternity. I'd be happier to flay the skin and meat from her bones, but the current punishment will suffice."

Phoebe's lips quivered as she stared at Samantha. _She doesn't know about Amelia's release! Oh my god! She'll be enraged when she finds out!_ Phoebe thought.

Samantha continued before Phoebe could interject. "I owe the Hero a lot, you know. 'Twas a Hero who mercilessly attacked and violated Amelia. Joan drove the Black Witch back, pounded, stabbed, and sliced her for days on end before finally freezing her in stone for all eternity. Jason isn't Joan, but... toward him... I feel..."

"...Gratitude?"

"Yes."

Phoebe nodded slowly. "If... I... well... you should know... about Amelia."

Samantha glanced at her. "You know her?"

"Something like that. Ahh. I don't know how to tell you this, Samantha... but she escaped. She isn't in that statue anymore."

Phoebe clenched her teeth together, not wanting to tell her, _and it was Jason who released the Black Witch, through no fault of his own._ Phoebe thought.

Samantha stared at the ground silently. Several long seconds passed, and her hands curled together, tearing her black pantyhose as they scraped against the delicate fabric. "No. No, no, no. You must be lying. She can't— that's..."

"I'm not. Jason is planning to fight and kill her. She devoured an entire planet full of humans."

"She what?!" The succubus whipped her head to glare daggers at Phoebe. "An entire planet?! Do you know how dangerous she is?!"

"Yes. Amelia maimed and nearly killed Jason."

"Haah... haah..." Samantha's body shook as she inhaled and exhaled audibly. Her voice trembled. "I can't believe— I mean... he's going to fight.... can he win? Does he know what he's up against?"

"I believe so," Phoebe said. However, in her mind she thought, _I'm not sure he does._ Phoebe realized.

"I didn't realize things had changed this much." Samantha unclenched her hands, exhaled one last time, and released her anger silently. "I'm something of a free soul. I hate working hard. I don't pay the slightest attention to anything that doesn't interest me: politics, demon rankings, none of those things. Ever since the man I loved died, I haven't cared about much. And now the one who tore him to pieces is roaming free, terrorizing millions."

Without thinking, Phoebe threw herself at Samantha, wrapping her arms around her. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry! I didn't mean to hurt you! I didn't—"

Immediately, Samantha reciprocated, twining herself around Phoebe. "D-don't apologize, Phoebe. I'm glad. You're kind and honest. You'll tell me the truth, even if it hurts. Living among demons, I rarely have such a luxury."

Phoebe's hands stroked her long hair as they held each other. Phoebe thought of Jason, and Samantha thought of Amelia.

After a minute, they pulled apart. Samantha smiled cheerfully, even as a tear rolled down her face. "I haven't cried for several millennia. I don't even know why I'm sad!"

"You're not sad, I say, touching her cheek. "You're happy. Jason is going to tear her apart. I know it!"

Samantha averted her gaze, and the look on her face echoed Phoebe's thoughts. _I only hope Jason is up to the task._ Samantha thought.

.......................................................

[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-xpMRCnJRE)

"Neil?"

Phoebe whispered as she entered the army commander's office. According to the soldiers, he was in there, but... they said that after carrying all the bodies he wished to be left alone.

Stepping inside, she found him sitting in his chair, laying onto his desk with his head in his arms. Neil did not reply to Phoebe's call.

"Neil? It's me. Phoebe."

Slowly, he raised his head and turned to look at her. "Oh. Phoebe. I see you've finished speaking to that succubus." 

His voice had a spiteful edge to it.

"Yes. Her name is Samantha. She's the one who saved us from Beelze—"

"I know who she is... and _what she did_." Neil snapped. He ground his teeth together. "She let him go. The one who killed my men. Five thousand and four hundred of them. Good men. Honest men. They wanted nothing more than to be left alone... and Beelzebub slaughtered them like dogs."

Cautiously, Phoebe approached him and examined the grief on his face. "I know. They were all my friends too. Samantha had her reasons."

"Reasons? REASONS?!" Neil leaped to his feet, knocking his chair over and startling Phoebe. He grabbed the desk and flung it to the side, sending mountains of papers and ink flying. "I don't give a damn about her reasons! She let a mass-murdering psychopath walk free! There's no excuse! She's working for THEM!"

Phoebe quickly backed away. "N-Neil, please. I know you're angry. I'm angry too — but at Beelzebub. Samantha saved us. If it weren't for her, he would have killed you, then me, then—"

"I don't care!" Neil kicked the chair at his feet, sending it flying across the room and into a sword display. The metal weapons inside crashed to the floor with a bang. "Where the hell was Jason during all of this?! Where was he when my men died? Why did we have to be at the mercy of a she-devil?! That whore allowed another of her kind to walk free!"

Neil turned away from Phoebe. "And there you were, snuggling in a corner with the harlot. She didn't even have the decency to allow Kar to gut Beelzebub. Why did she interfere, I wonder?"

"It's not like that, Neil." Phoebe put force into her voice this time. His anger was pissing her off. "Stop misunderstanding. You haven't even talked to her yet. Think of all the men she healed and saved."

"Think of all those she didn't!" Neil spun to face her, clenching his hand into a fist. "She hung back and laughed while Beelzebub tore us to ribbons! I bet she let him in! She laughed and allowed him to escape! That temptress is manipulating you!"

"Neil!" Phoebe shouted back, resisting an urge to slap him. "That's enough! She wasn't even in the Core! She heard the commotion from our encampment and came as soon as possible! You're making up facts to paint her as the villain!"

The commander glowered at her. "Then why did she let him leave?"

"She hates violence. She didn't want to see anyone else die, not even Beelzebub."

Neil's tongue snaked out of his mouth. "Oh? You're ignorant, Phoebe. She's playing you like a fiddle." He cocked his head. "Tell me, how do demons grow in power? You're the demonologist around these parts. It should be a simple question to answer."

Phoebe already saw where he was going with this. "U-usually, they have to consume souls."

"I see. And pray, tell me, have you noticed the size of the succubi's horns?"

"Yes."

"And did you notice how easily she defeated Beelzebub? I could see him begging for mercy with just his eyes. She's quite powerful, after all. Wouldn't you agree?"

Phoebe lowered her eyes. "Y-yes. But..."

"_But_ nothing. _Samantha_, if that's her real name, is a goddamn Demon Duke. Maybe higher. We have a _fucking_ Duke of Hell in our midst. Do you think a Duke, one who has consumed an order of magnitude more souls than a Lord, is a pacifist?"

Phoebe did not reply.

"Give me a break," Neil hissed under his breath. He walked over and swung his desk back into a standing position, slamming it on the floor and making Phoebe flinch.

"What... what do you want to do, then, Neil? Kick her out?"

The commander set his jaw. "No. There isn't anybody, not even Kar, with the power to stand up against a Duke. A single Lord ripped apart our Core forces. All we have left are the reserves. Only Jason, if anyone, could put up a fight against her."

Neil paced back and forth like a mad dog. "That bitch. That _fucking_ bitch. Letting him go. Unforgivable. Now I have to grovel and grin while pretending to thank her. The men think she's a savior. They're all enamored. How _convenient_ that we let a succubus enter our ranks. I wonder how many loyal warriors she's corrupted with her demonic influence? We could have dozens of traitors in our midst, ready to ram a knife in my back."

"If she _is_ our enemy, Neil, then we've already lost. We couldn't beat a single Lord turned Baron. If she wants to destroy us, we're already dead."

"Tch." Neil waved his hand flippantly. "As if. The Duke doesn't want to kill us. Her goal is to frighten us into submission. She'll turn the soldiers to her will and tear us apart from the inside-out. She wishes to restore the status quo; to reduce us to peasants under her boot. I see now that I shouldn't have freely allowed demons to enter our ranks. Monsters are bad enough, but demons are a thousand times worse."

Phoebe shook her head slowly, but could not offer a counter-argument. _Truthfully, from what I know about Samantha, that isn't who she strikes me as... but Neil could be right. What if he is? Gods... she might be the villain here, but my naivete is blinding me. How do I explain my thoughts?_ Phoebe thought.

Twining her fingers together, Phoebe looked up and met Neil's gaze. "I'll... I'll keep an eye on her. You make good points, Neil. Succubi cannot use their powers to influence someone of the same gender, so you can trust me if nobody else."

Neil stopped pacing and turned to meet Phoebe's eyes. He said nothing for a few moments, but then his shoulders sagged. "Of... of course. God, I'm sorry, Phoebe. I know you're trustworthy. Everyone does. You would never do anything to betray humanity."

The commander took a step forward and rested his hand on Phoebe's shoulder. "Be careful. I could be wrong, but I doubt it. If that woman is here to infiltrate and tear us apart, she might even get to me and make me a mindless slave. You wouldn't want that, would you?"

Slowly, Phoebe shook her head and rested her hand on his. "No. I wouldn't. I'll... I'll do my best, Neil. I won't let you down."

Neil smiled, and the tension drained from his face. "I know I can count on you."

As Phoebe left the room, her mind twined back to King Arthur. _I can't let people down ever again. Everyone's counting on me._ She thought.

Phoebe continued heading to her truck, ready to go home, and she spotted Samantha already sitting in the passenger seat. Samantha waved at her. "Hey, Phoebe! Mind if I get a lift back to the city?"

Phoebe nodded. "Sure."

_Neil. I hope you're wrong. I pray you're wrong._ Phoebe thought.