Part 116: Sanctity of Heaven
Part 116: Sanctity of Heaven

I appear inside Camael's mind once again. She walks beside Raphael through a much bigger city in Heaven than I've seen before. Tall stone houses stand erected alongside the road, offering ample space for the cherubs and seraphs who live inside. 

Raphael turns to look at us. "Art thou certain this artifact will heal Uriel and Uzziel?"

I shake my head. "Nay. However, 'tis our best bet. I had hoped to refine its magical properties further, but with Uzziel and Uriel both comatose, I cannot simply rest on my laurels and do nothing."

Camael raises her fist. In her grasp rests a simple golden band, perhaps 8 inches in diameter. The unadorned object, apparently one of her holy artifacts, is unassuming and barebones compared to the others I've seen.

"What is that?" Raphael asks.

"'Tis a unique artifact, unlike others I've created. When someone places it upon their head, it grants a substantial increase to their cognitive abilities. I designed it to help me focus my mind... especially given the disturbing visions I've seen of late."

Camael lowers the band to her side. It takes me a moment to deduce it must be Solomon's Crown... or at least, the early prototype.

Raphael clears his throat. "Oh? What sorts of visions addle thy mind, sister?"

The moment Raphael asks, Camael pales. She continues staring straight ahead, a neutral look etched into her face, but her heart races.

"Ah, well, I suppose 'disturbing' might be too strong a word..."

Raphael reaches up to touch my arm. "If there is anything troubling thee, I am always here to listen."

"I know, and I thank thee, brother. My dreams of late have merely been..."

Camael trails off. She glances away for a moment as she tries to think of something to say.

"...they have been confusing. Yes, confusing. That is an accurate statement. I foresaw the demon attack, but I did not envision Valac's appearance."

A moment passes. The two of us slowly continue walking, and Camael lowers her eyes.

"The Grim Reaper told me something before our battle. He said that he, too, could peer into the future. His vision, like mine, could pierce the fog of time."

Raphael's eyes narrow. "Oh? Is that so? Art thou certain?"

Camael's heart flutters. To herself, she thinks: _Yes. He spoke of the same events that I have foreseen. Short of a lucky guess, t'would be impossible for him to invent such a future._

However, she shakes her head. "Nay. After all his bold claims, he perished in a most unceremonious death. The Reaper was, most likely, lying."

Raphael nods. "Let not the words of silver-tongued demons worry thee, sister. The Hammer of Heaven has never failed us in the past. Thy foresight has saved us from many a calamity, especially during the..."

The Archangel of Wisdom falls silent. His words hang in the air.

"The Ancient Wars?" Camael asks.

"Mmm."

Raphael grunts, but doesn't elaborate.

Camael cocks an eyebrow. "Art thou saying that in all my life, I never once failed our people?"

Slowly, Raphael swallows. His gaze darkens.

"Well. There was... there was one moment where thy visions failed to predict something. 'Twas in regards to Michael, and how he... he..."

The old man falls silent once more. Camael raises an eyebrow.

"Did something happen to Michael?"

"Nay," Raphael says. He takes a moment to think before choosing his next words carefully. "'Twas not what happened _to_ him, but... something he... bah..."

Raphael waves his hand flippantly. He leans against his staff and shuffles a little faster. "'Twas a different era. Ignore the ramblings of this old man."

An awkward silence falls between the two Archangels.

"Aye," Camael whispers. 

Each of them, the two eldest angels, carries a secret. Neither of them wishes to burden the other with their load, but as a passive observer, I can only wonder how differently things might have turned out had they spoken more honestly to one another.

...

The two Archangels chatter idly for a while, and soon I begin to notice a marked increase in the buildings lining the streets. Up ahead, in the distance, a massive stone castle looms against the backdrop of Heaven. Until now, I hadn't noticed its presence due to fog obscuring it. Indeed, the further we travel, the cooler Heaven becomes. It never reaches a level I'd call 'uncomfortable,' but the decrease is probably more noticeable in the sky.

A massive stone wall surrounds the fortress. Cherubs and seraphs fly to and from it, landing in the streets to our left and right. Several angels wave and bow respectfully at us.

Despite the losses angelkind suffered during the battle with Valac, the mood in the city seems relatively positive. That is, until I begin to notice telling glances here and there. A few angels smile at us, only to quickly look away as if they have questions they dare not ask.

Camael glances at Raphael. "Now that the initial remembrance ceremonies have concluded, who should we first honor among our brothers and sisters? Many died valiant deaths against the demon scourge."

Raphael rubs his forehead. "Hmm. I've given that matter much thought. Many of our siblings are high-strung, fretting over whether we will pick a cherub or a seraph. None of the Valkyries or Templar perished during the battle against the demons, so we cannot begin with someone of high rank."

"Perhaps, Brother Listrus? He fought bravely and gave his life to save four cherubs."

"Possibly," Raphael mutters. "I am also considering Sister Vera. She slew a hundred demons before the vermin overran her. By the time we pulled them off, she was scarcely recognizable."

Camael nods. "All of our family members fought courageously. Despite Valac's servants terrorizing our ranks and driving some of our finest to madness, everyone held the line. Choosing the first to venerate will prove quite difficult."

Raphael pulls his pipe out from under his robes. As he lights it, he murmurs under his breath, "Yes, hmm. I wonder who Muriel would choose."

"Muriel? Why mention her?"

Raphael puffs on his pipe. "These recent tragedies have weighed heavily on my mind. Muriel was always one to stand strong and conceal her emotions. She never faltered, not under any circumstance. To say she was the most steadfast in her convictions would be to undersell her devoutness to the Creator's will. She would have chosen the perfect candidate - someone that none could argue against."

A moment passes. Raphael sighs.

"Sadly, I lack such prescience."

"As do we all," I remark, while gently squeezing his shoulder.

...

We continue onward, but before we arrive at the fortress, Raphael turns left towards a large, stone monastery. It lacks the religious symbolism I've seen in similar buildings on Earth, but retains the beautiful stained-glass windows and intricate stonework. A twenty-foot doorway opens up onto a porch with several marbled pillars. When I scrutinize the columns more carefully, I notice that they aren't held together with mortar or any adhesive agents. Instead, each stone has been precisely cut to fit in with the others. A gentle bump might send the whole thing crashing down.

Camael's thoughts turn inward. _The Holy Haven. Our injured brethren usually come here to rest and meditate after training. For now, we've converted it into a makeshift healing sanctuary._

The closer we draw to the monastery, the more injured angels I spot. Several limp around, while others lack arms, ears, or other appendages. One older angel, someone who looks to be about fifty, appearance-wise, rests on a stone bench outside the door. His left leg, cut off above the knee, hangs off the side of his seat uselessly, while his right rests on the ground to stabilize himself.

He glances at us. "Camael. Raphael. How dost thee fare on this fine day?"

I nod at him. "Brother Klein. I am well. We're here to try and restore Uriel and Uzziel's sanity. Is Michael inside?"

Klein nods. "He is. The poison caused some lasting damage to his right arm. The healers say it might lose some of its speed and strength... but given time, they hope he'll make a full recovery."

"Time, perhaps, yes," Raphael replies noncommittally. "We'll see what Uzziel has to say when she wakes up. Isn't that right, Camael?"

I nod. "Uzziel is our best healer. If she cannot remove the poison, nobody can. I thank thee for thy assistance, Klein."

Klein tilts his head respectfully. "Farewell. May the Creator's light shine upon thee."

Camael and Raphael nod before heading inside.

Even more injured angels mill about within the Holy Haven's interior. One of them spots us and hobbles over. I recognize him as Shepherd. His right wing, still broken, tilts awkwardly to the left, while his left arm is little more than a stump.

Shepherd's face flushes as he draws near. "S-sister Camael. I... I wanted to apologize for my conduct."

Camael raises an eyebrow. "Apologize? What for? Thy warning alerted Gabriel and me to Valac's appearance. Had thou not done so, many more of our brothers and sisters might have fallen."

Shepherd bows his head. His scraggly white hair spills off his shoulders and over the front of his robes. "Ah, well, my panic was unbecoming of a cherub. In the face of evil, Heaven's Finest mustn't lose their composure and beg to flee the battle. I, ah... I ask thy permission to resign from my post. I intend to rejoin the acolytes in praise of our Creator."

Before Camael can reply, Shepherd gestures to his missing arm, where a bandage lines its stump. "Besides, I won't be much use in battle."

Raphael nods. "Very well. I know that stepping down is considered shameful by many, but far be it for me to stand in thy path. The Creator favors those who speak the truth and gaze inward to reflect on themselves. I am certain that one day, thou shalt become a fine servant of Heaven."

Shepherd forces a smile. "M-my deepest thanks, brother Raphael. Thy words soothe the regret in my heart, even if only a little. I leave both of thee in peace."

All three of us bow stiffly, and Shepherd leaves.

Raphael waits until Shepherd is out of earshot before sighing. "Haah. The last thing we need is one less warrior among our ranks. With the demon menace temporarily curtailed, things might seem to be looking up, but until we've eradicated every last one of them, we cannot sit idly."

Camael rubs her gauntlets together. "Speaking of that, I have a question. How dost thee suppose the demons grew so rapidly in number? Dozens escaped Heaven, yet thousands attacked us after only a hundred years. Such an explosion in population seems... unprecedented."

Raphael immediately waves her question away. "Bah. Soul manipulators stand amidst the ranks of our enemies. Those who deal with darkness and pull power from the blackest evil gain many unnatural talents. 'Twould be an infinite guessing game if we were to speculate."

"Certainly. However, if the demons can spawn more of their brood, then we won't know if we've killed them all. Discovering the source of their reproduction will be essential to eradicating their filth."

Both Archangels pause for a moment as they draw near to one of the inner chambers. Raphael pokes at his beard with his pipe. "Mmm. Yes. A fair point. I will give it careful consideration."

"My thanks, Raphael," Camael replies.

We step into a spacious room, one with dozens of beds. Many angels lie comatose, including Uzziel and Uriel. Both of them rest in the center of the room, while male and female healers walk around, gently pressing cloths to the heads of their brothers and sisters.

Raphael furrows his brow. "Everyone here fell under the demoness's spell?"

"Aye. While traveling to rescue her captured brethren, Lucifer struck dozens of cherubs down. I know not how her spell works, but perhaps if I can awaken Uzziel and Uriel, they might offer some answers."

"Did she manage to free them?"

Camael shrugs. "We have yet to confirm the whereabouts of Michael's prisoners."

"Hmm. I see," Raphael says, his tone neutral. "Doubtless, they've escaped our clutches."

We walk over to Uriel's side. Her labored breathing and pained expression makes me wince inwardly, especially when remembering what Lucifer's mental barrage against Uzziel entailed. While I may not know what visions dance in Uriel's mind, they likely involve her worst nightmares.

Camael raises Solomon's Crown. The dull, drab band seems very small and insignificant compared to the one I wear now. 

She reaches over and places it on Uriel's head.

Immediately, Uriel stiffens. She stretches out and goes rigid like a plank of wood. Her eyes squeeze shut, her hands ball into fists, and she begins to twitch in pain. "Unhh! Ahhh!"

Raphael's expression turns to shock. He reaches for the crown. "T-take it off! Thy artifact is hurting her!"

Camael watches silently as Raphael tugs and pulls at the band. "'Tis impossible, brother. Only the wearer of my artifact may remove it. Thy efforts are pointless."

Raphael tugs on the crown for a moment before recoiling as Uriel's arms suddenly swing-out in a wild frenzy. Spurts of fire shoot out of her mouth. "Ahh!! Ahhh!!" She flails around like an angry animal while screaming and crying. Her wings twitch and spasm.

After thrashing around violently for nearly a minute, Uriel goes still.

Her eyes open.

"Uh... uhhhh...."

"Sister? Sister?!" Raphael's jaw drops. "Cans't thee speak? Art thou alright?!"

I wipe my forehead. "Do not worry, Raphael. Uriel is going to be fine."

Uriel stares at the two of us for a moment before fully shaking off her stupor. "Raph... Cam... where...?"

"Welcome back to the realm of the living, little sister," Camael says. "Thou hath slept under a dark spell for quite some time."

...

Several minutes pass. We wake up Uzziel and all the other angels in the room via Solomon's Crown. 

With everyone conscious, Camael breathes a sigh of relief. "Brothers, sisters. I am overjoyed that all of thee hath awakened once more. A demoness placed a spell upon thy minds, sealing all of thee inside a terrible trance. Fortunately, I managed to break thy mental shackles."

The now-healed patients nod politely, but flickers of emotions pass across each of their faces. Uzziel bows her head, unable to look me in the eye. Uriel clenches her fists as tears streak down her face.

"It was only a dream... only a dream," The Archangel of Protection whispers. "I have never felt so much pain and anger... in all my life. What sins have I committed to deserve such suffering?"

"Blame not thyself," Raphael says, as he sits beside Uriel and touches her fist. "Instead, focus thy anger on the one who attacked thee. Lucifer, the three-eyed she-devil. Cans't thou explaineth the magic she employed? We must prepare a counter, if possible."

Uriel slowly shakes her head. Her expression turns to disbelief. "I don't know. One moment I was preparing a spell to attack the demon den, and in the next, my mind collapsed on itself. I felt as though I had fallen into a never-ending abyss. The faces of my friends, past and present, judged me. They told me I was worthless; that I was a failure. That's when the torture began."

Uzziel nods. "The same happened to me. This... this _eye_ appeared. It dismembered me time and time again. I suffered a thousand deaths in a thousand different ways. I'm still having trouble believing that it's all... over..."

Several angels grunt in agreement. A few of them reach out to hold the hands of their nearest brothers and sisters, squeezing their palms together as they silently pour out their emotions through touch.

Camael stares at Uriel for a moment before closing her eyes. "I am sorry the she-devil hurt thee, little sister. We shall make her regret attacking Heaven."

Spinning on her heel, Camael turns and heads out of the room, leaving Raphael to comfort the injured. He makes no move to follow us.

"Many thanks, Camael, for saving us," Uriel says.

I don't reply.

Once Camael leaves the room, her nostrils flare.

_Lucifer didn't merely hurt my sisters. She violated their minds. I knew she was a vile monster, but to go that far..._

Camael wanders around the Monastery with her fists clenched. Her blood slowly boils as she mentally pictures the hateful displays of violence she wishes to unleash on the demoness. 

"Sister? Camael?"

A voice interrupts her thoughts. Camael turns to face the speaker. The cherub, a man wearing heavy armor similar to Camael's, evaluates us silently.

"Chester. Is something the matter?"

The cherub coughs into his fist. "Ah, thy expression just now... 'twas quite intense. Art thou in low spirits?"

Camael unclenches her fist and exhales.

"Something like that. I've successfully awakened Uriel, Uzziel, and the others from their trances. It seems the she-demon, Lucifer, beset terrible visions upon them and tortured their minds. I... I am trying to control my thoughts, but my anger is reaching a tipping point."

Chester nods. "When Uzziel arrived at Mount Sinai with the Devil himself following her, 'twas I who led them into Heaven. I barely survived Satan's attack, but my brothers were not as lucky as I. Mordred and Listrus fell shortly afterward."

Bowing his head, Chester turns slightly to show me his back. Gashes in the metal reveal animal claw-marks, like those belonging to a dire wolf.

"By the Creator!" Camael's jaw drops. She steps toward him to trace her fingers across the metal. "What manner of creature could rend apart my enchanted metal?"

Chester swallows. The white-haired angel turns away, unable to meet my gaze. "'Twaz the doing of a green-skinned demon, one who resembled a reptilian creature of nightmarish origins. His fighting style caught me off-guard. Were it not for Brother Listrus tearing the cretin from my back, I might have died. Sadly, Brother Listrus perished moments later when a flame-manipulator demon seared his eyes out. His screams... they still haunt me."

Camael wraps her arm around Chester's back. "I am sorry, brother. Thy suffering is surely immeasurable."

"I keep replaying that moment in my mind," Chester says, as his throat cracks. "When I landed before Uzziel, and she told me that Satan had come in peace. I... I should have run my sword through his heart right then and there. I should have severed his head from his neck and left his black blood to sully the landscape. I-"

"Enough of that talk," Camael says, pressing her finger to his lips. "If anyone must replay regrets in their mind, t'would be I. My visions foretold a battle would happen, but I ignored them. I tried to change the future and failed. Thousands of our brethren left the realm of the living because of me. Thy actions hath no bearing on the future. Do not blame thyself, Chester."

The young man opens his mouth to retort, but thinks better of it. "Aye, Camael. I apologize for placing my load upon thy shoulders. Surely, thou hath suffered more unimaginably than I."

"Every brother and sister lost is irreplaceable," Camael replies. "Do not compare thy pain to someone else's. Now, if thou will excuse me... have thee any idea where I might find Michael?"

"Michael?" Chester asks. He pauses for a moment before nodding. "Ah, yes. I believe he is visiting the Haven gardens. Catherine has been attending to his needs."

"Naturally," Camael murmurs. "She is Michael's most devoted sister. Well, I must take my leave. Farewell, Chester."

"Peace be upon thee, Camael."

...

Camael heads outside and flaps her wings. She soars above the Monastery's roof and swoops down to the rear. A lush garden with thousands of flowers, each one a different color from the others, lines the grounds. Neatly trimmed hedges combine with handcrafted stone benches to give a peaceful area to meditate and relax.

The Archangel frowns.

As we land, she looks to the center of the garden, where Michael and his four Valkyrie sisters stand in a circle around a foul sight. A demon, long-since dead, stands strapped to a cross made of wood. The demon's broken and battered body tells a story of abuse after his death. Even as Camael stares, Michael rears back and punches it in the stomach, sending tendrils of blood shooting from the corpse's nose.

"-many weak spots, like so," Michael says. I head toward him, but none of the others notice me immediately. "Never turn thy back on one. We've seen how the wretches lied and deceived Uzziel. She gave them passage into Heaven, only for them to turn-"

Michael stops mid-sentence. He spins around and yanks out his sword to point it after me. His body language is that of terror, but it only takes him an instant to register my identity. "Ah. Camael. D-do not sneak up on me like that."

Camael brushes Michael's sword aside. "My apologies. I did not mean to frighten thee, Michael. What art thou doing with... with this cadaver?"

Michael quickly sheathes his blade. His right arm, now in a sling, hangs uselessly before his stomach, but he appears perfectly adept at using the left one for swordplay.

"Training. I am teaching my sisters the best methods for slaying the bloodskins."

Camael's frown deepens. "Bloodskins?"

"Aye. An apt name, is it not?"

"I don't like it. Such a term is too vulgar and foul for the purity of Heaven."

Michael scratches his chin. "Respectfully, I disagree."

Camael sweeps her gaze across the other angels present. _Catherine, Sophia, Penelope, and Hyacinth. Why has Michael gathered the Valkyries? For training? Nay. 'Tis unlike him to take anything seriously._

When Camael's eyes settle upon Catherine, she blushes and begins tracing her fingers through the air to form magical letters. _Sorry, Camael. Michael wouldn't listen. Do not be mad._

Camael nods. She returns her attention to Michael. "Must thou string up this demon's body so near to Cassiel's Citadel? Our brethren needn't gaze upon its remains, especially so soon after the battle."

Michael shrugs. "Tis no matter. Before long, Earth will run red with their blood. We might as well grow used to the sight of dead demons."

A moment passes. Camael wipes her forehead and sighs. "I care not what hatred thou unleash upon demons, dead or alive, but keep thy recreational activities away from our places of healing."

Turning away from Michael, Camael nods at Catherine. "I am glad to see thee, sister. Have thou suffered any serious injuries?"

Catherine shakes her head. She traces her fingers through the air. _No. I am well._

"Excellent. Well, thou art the one I wanted to see anyway. I've come to deliver a present."

Camael lowers her gaze to a satchel tied to her waist. She pops open the leathery bag and reaches inside to procure a small, marble-like object. She holds up the tiny ball and motions with her hands to pour mana into it.

After a few seconds, the blue marble begins to glow and spin energetically. It explodes into a puff of smoke, and Camael snatches two large objects out of midair before they can hit the ground.

"Long has it been since I gave away one of my holy artifacts, Catherine. However, thou hath proven thyself many times in the past. During this last battle, thou dids't courageously save Michael's life, while also slaying the Undead King, saving countless other lives. To say Heaven owes thee an unthinkable debt would be a gross understatement."

Camael holds out the objects. My breath catches as she lowers her eyes, allowing me to see them in full detail. "This sword is little more than one of my scraps. I have hastily decided to name it the Sword From Heaven. The Creator knows I am terrible with names, haha."

Camael holds out the blade. Every fiber of my being aches as I realize it's the same weapon I summoned to fight Amelia.

_Catherine._ Of course. I recognized her name, but I didn't think she was _the_ Catherine. After all these years, I've finally come to learn another fascinating detail that led to the present day. The puzzle pieces click together ever faster.

With a nod, Catherine respectfully takes the sword from Camael's grasp. Her expression turns to awe as she hefts it, comparing its weight to other weapons she's wielded before.

In Camael's left hand, she holds a tower-shield, substantially larger than the light-construct Catherine summoned during her fights against the demons. While surprisingly lightweight, it seems sturdy enough to deflect the explosion of a grenade at point-blank range.

Catherine's jaw drops as Camael holds the shield up for her to take it. _Two artifacts? No. No. I am unworthy._

Michael smiles. "Take our sister's gifts, Catherine. 'Tis a rare sight for me to witness her giving out such powerful relics. Honor Heaven by using these relics to kill our enemies unceasingly."

Behind Catherine, Sophia clutches her fists to her chest. The pink-haired angel _squees_ excitedly. "Ahhh! Cath, this is great! Thou dost deserveth a present after thou hath done for us! Come now, don't be shy!"

Catherine hesitantly reaches out and takes the tower shield from me, then holds it to her side and smiles sheepishly. Despite the burns on the right of her face, her radiant grin lights up my day. She's astonishingly beautiful.

She summons mana with her new sword to trace letters in the air. _I offer my eternal gratitude, sister. I will honor Heaven._

Camael returns her smile. "That isn't all. Next week, dear sister, Raphael and I intend to promote all of the Valkyries. Thy bravery in combatting Valac allowed us to defeat him, as well as drive the demons from our sacred realm."

Michael's jaw drops. "A promotion, too? Heavens, sister! Thou art starting to make me a little jealous."

"Hah, a most excellent jest, Michael. Raphael and I have decided that Catherine has earned a new title. Naturally, Sophia, Penelope, and Hyacinth deserve praise too. While I have no relics to spare, know that all of thee shalt receive rewards aplenty in the coming years."

Hyacinth bows her head. The white-haired beauty blushes. "We need no gifts, Camael. 'Twas Catherine who slew the Reaper, after all. We are ecstatic that thy blessings rain upon her."

"I knew thou would utter such words," Camael says with a smirk. "How lucky I am that all of thee art so humble, even-"

Before Camael can finish her sentence, a voice cries out. "What is the meaning of... of _this?!_"

Frowning, Camael turns around to spot Raphael, Uriel, and Uzziel standing some distance away, though when they arrived, I don't know. A look of horror stretches across the eldest Archangel's face. "Michael! Why is that... that _corpse_ strung up in the Haven's gardens?! How dare thou defile Heaven's holiness with this wretched filth!"

Behind the old man, Uzziel gazes in abject horror. Uriel, however, appears indifferent. 

Raphael squeezes his staff, embedding his bony fingers deep into its wood. His teeth grind together, and veins bulge in his forehead.

"Remove this corpse at once! I will not allow thee to profane the Haven's sanctity!"

Michael sighs. "Brother, I am merely using this creature's body to teach our warriors their weak points. I'm too infirm right now to leave the Haven's vicinity, so I merely-"

Raphael growls. "No! There is no excuse for this barbarism! We do not defile the dead! We are angels! What would the Creator think if he knew thou were disgracing his holiness?! Take it down! NOW!"

Raphael storms forward and violently shoves Michael aside. The Archangel of Courage stares in disbelief as the old man summons a small knife from his holy energy and begins cutting at the rope securing the corpse to its cross.

"'Tis only a demon, brother! Why art thou so angry?"

Raphael looses both of the demon's arms and lowers its body to the ground, then begins working on the rope securing its feet. "_Why am I so angry,_ he asks? Because, this is not the angel way. Such acts belong firmly in our past, not here where-"

Raphael pauses. He shoots a look of surprise at Michael, realizing he nearly said too much. Then, he quickly returns to cutting the last binding.

"Tch. Do not test me, Michael. Thy bloodthirsty ways will only lead down a path of evil. Angels should not torture and maim. We only kill if we must, and strive always to be merciful."

Raphael finishes freeing the corpse. Before he can heft it, Michael balks. "_Mercy?!_ Never did I consider thee a jester, brother! After all the atrocities and betrayals these bloodskins have committed, dost thou expect me to show them _mercy?!_"

Raphael jumps to his feet. The old man turns to face Michael. Despite being a few inches shorter than his younger brother, the eldest Archangel's presence seems to increase. His aura towers over Michael, and he takes a menacing step forward.

Raphael's voice lowers to a rumble in his throat.

"We. Show. Mercy. Angels must never relish cruelty. Dost thee understand, _little_ brother?"

Michael shrinks back. The fearless Archangel cowers under the gaze of his eldest brother.

A moment passes.

"Y-yes. Of course, Raphael..."

Michael's voice shakes. Terror appears in his eyes as the eldest angel stares him down. 

Raphael's tongue snakes out of his mouth. After a few seconds, he turns to the nearest Valkyries. "Penelope. Hyacinth. Take this body and burn it with the others." He bites off every other word, and the Valkyries merely nod, their faces ashen.

Whirling on his feet, Raphael glares at me. "Dids't thou not think to rebuke our foolish younger brother? And here I thought thy honor mirrored mine."

Without waiting for a reply, the Archangel of Wisdom flaps his wings and takes off, leaving the others behind.

Camael opens her mouth to speak, but decides against the idea. Soon, Raphael disappears into the distance, leaving those nearby to tremble in silence.

Michael gazes at the body for several seconds. Confusion, shock, and anxiety flash across his face like a raging thunderstorm.

"I... I do not understand. Why does Raphael... why does our brother care so much about... about..."

Camael's voice hitches. "I th-think... it might be due to our history. The ancient wars."

Michael reaches up and rubs his face as if to try and smooth the worry-wrinkles from his brow. "Our ancient history, thou sayeth? Tch. How am I to know about those dark times? How are any of us?"

Camael lowers her gaze. "I don't know, Michael. Hyacinth, Penelope... follow our brother's orders. Burn the body. Do not question him. He knows best."

Uzziel appears at my side. She touches my arm. "I'll help."

"Nay. Thou art still weak from thy mental imprisonment. Allow the Valkyries to perform their duties."

I turn to fly after Raphael, but pause. Uriel stares at me, a look of irritation in her eyes.

"Sister. Is it true that demons slaughtered thousands of angels while I was comatose?"

Slowly, I nod.

"Aye. Satan launched a surprise attack on Heaven, but we managed to repel the attackers."

Uriel curls her lips up in disgust. She turns her head away to look at Michael. He averts his eyes, unable to meet her gaze.

"While I lay dormant, the demons slaughtered thousands of my brothers and sisters. Raphael expects us to show the little bastards mercy? I never got to say goodbye to my family. I'll never see them again."

I hold up my palm. "Cease this discussion. If Raphael tells us we need to show mercy to the cretins, then I'm sure he has a good reason. Let me speak to him. Maybe I can ascertain why he is so concerned."

Michael relaxes. He crosses his arms. "When wretched hounds scratch at our doors and kill our family, the only mercy they deserve is a swift death. I love Raphael, but he is an old man stuck in his old ways. I disagree with his orders, but I will do what I can to respect them nonetheless."

Michael gestures to the body. Penelope and Hyacinth nod and pick it up, though they try not to touch it too closely. Penelope recoils in disgust. "Tch. The fiend smells of death. Let us hurry and send it to the eternal fires where it belongs."

Both of them fly away to burn the body, leaving the rest of us behind.

Sophia, the quickest to recover, waves at Uriel. "Sister! I'm glad to see thee awake and lucid! Everyone was worried stiff about thee!"

Uriel's face, still a mixture of anger and disgust, softens immediately. "Yes. I apologize for troubling thee, but I am awake now. My dreams, while tormented and painful, only served to harden my convictions. I am pleased that all of my students survived Valac's attack."

Sophia springs over to Uriel and hugs her eagerly. "Yup! We tore that boney brat to pieces! By the time Cath used her flames, the only thing left from him was ash!"

Uriel's smile falters. She glances at Catherine. "Sister. Thou unleashed Jörmungandr's Dragonfire?"

I nod. "Aye, Catherine did. Worry not. Her sacrifice saved my life and those of her sisters. Valac would have slain all of us had she not done so."

Uriel pulls away from Sophia and walks over to Catherine and Michael. She reaches out, lifts Catherine's right hand, and pulls her gauntlet back. Charred black flesh from a recent burn stretches up past her gauntlets and deep inside her chestplate.

Anger flashes across Uriel's face. "Tch. I warned thee not to use those flames! Thy body cannot handle Jörmungandr's draconic mana."

Catherine pulls her hand away. She motions with her fingers, causing words to appear in midair. _I am fine. Barely hurts._

"Don't give me that. I know thou art lying." Uriel grumbles. She turns away and motions to Uzziel. "Come. Try and assist our sister. Perhaps thy magic will relieve some of her pain."

Uzziel, having recovered from the shock of seeing the demon-punching-bag, meekly walks over to Catherine. She nods. "O-okay. I'll try. I've never succeeded before, though. Draconic mana poisoning is ordinarily too potent for my healing to affect."

After a few moments, Uzziel gathers her thoughts. She begins to trace a series of intricate patterns in the air, forming magical signs with her hands. After a full minute passes, she touches Catherine's burns. The Valkyrie winces and tries to pull away, but Uzziel holds her steady.

"Do not move, sister. This is going to hurt, and I cannot lessen the pain. Stay strong for me, okay?"

Catherine continues to tug and pull, but Uzziel's grip is surprisingly firm. As magic pours from Uzziel's palm into Catherine's burns, Catherine opens her mouth as if to scream in pain, but no words come out. Only a slight hissing of air escapes her lungs. She begins to fight back even more violently, but Uriel jumps in to hold her left arm back.

"Resist, Catherine! Don't- gah!" Uriel staggers back as Catherine flails her arm wildly and decks the Archangel in the face. She starts to punch Uzziel, too, but as if she's done this a thousand times before, Uzziel uses her free hand to summon a wall of vines. They burst from the ground and wrap around Catherine's body, holding her in place.

"Stay still! I know it hurts, but thou must allow me to finish my incantation!"

Tears pour down Catherine's face. She continues to struggle, but Uzziel's vines prove too strong for her to escape. All she can do is whimper and sob while Uzziel's magic eats at her burns.

Camael's stomach churns as she watches. Sophia stares wide-eyed as the black, seared flesh slowly pulls back and regenerates. However, before it can finish, Uzziel releases Catherine and staggers back, sweat drenching her skin.

"Ahh... I... I cannot do any better. That... that is all I can manage..."

Catherine sags against the vines. With Uzziel's healing over, the Valkyrie melts into an incoherent, hiccuping mess. Her arm, now only half-healed, still looks like she fell into an oven and barely escaped after ten minutes.

Jörmungandr's flames... how did she come to possess them? Catherine hasn't complained once, but it appears she's in incredible pain. Is she always like this? Is her pain so extreme that she has simply learned to ignore it?

Michael reaches over and caresses Catherine's face. "Thou dids't well, Catherine. Rest, now. I'll carry thee to the healing pools."

Uzziel flops on the ground and motions with her hand, desummoning the vines. Michael gingerly lifts Catherine and helps her to her feet. He wraps his left arm around her waist and flaps his wings, taking off. 

As they leave, Camael glances at the sword and shield she gave Catherine, now lying on the ground.

"Sophia. Please be a dear and carry those for Catherine."

"S-sure," Sophia says. She reaches down, grabs the artifacts, and takes off after the other two.

Only Uriel, Uzziel, and I remain. I turn to leave. "I'll speak to Raphael. Get some rest. Both of thee require time to heal thy bodies. Especially thou, Uzziel. Exerting thyself by expending magic so soon after waking up... thou art lucky ye haven't fallen comatose again."

Uzziel exhales. "Yes... I'm not the brightest... haha..."

With a flap of my wings, I take off, leaving the other two behind.

Camael's thoughts turn inward.

_Why was Raphael so disturbed about the corpse? Even for him, such an outburst is unusual._