Part 563: Deal with a Devil
Part 563: Deal with a Devil

Unarin paces around his Inner Sanctum, his eyes closed, as he has done countless times for countless different reasons over his long, storied life.

Without any other Volgrim within several stories, let alone those foolish enough to barge in on the First Founder, he has always been able to enjoy a certain degree of peace during these moments of solitude. Unlike some Sentients, Unarin has never been one to feel lonely during isolation, as he possesses a formidable brain that allows him to think about innumerable subjects all at the same time.

Philosophy, literature, battle tactics, empire building, the individual performance of millions of high-level subordinates, and many many other things always keep a portion of his mental focus occupied, preventing him from experiencing boredom. Rare are the times when he deliberately decides to think about nothing at all and simply stare into the Void, allowing himself to focus and achieve tranquility.

But for the past 90,000 cycles, he has almost never done so, as the Plague has morphed over time into an omnipresent Threat he cannot afford to ignore. In recent millennia, that Threat has evolved to become greater and greater, and now it occupies more of his brainpower than ever before.

If Unarin were to give an exact estimate, he might even say the Plague was valued at a full 22% of his mental real-estate. An unfathomable amount, compared to all the other matters involved in running the Volgrim Empire.

As Unarin closes his eyes and thinks, time passes swiftly in the real world. His mind, though occupied, always keeps a sliver of consciousness focused on the happenings around him. While he might not be a Psion trained in Brain Enhancing, his mental acuity does not lose out in the slightest to Dosena, the progenitor of that very same branch of Psionics. Over many ages, his brain has enlarged and compressed itself over time, allowing him to out-think his enemies should he devote a fraction of his acuity to the Threats they pose.

It is because of this accumulation over three million years that Unarin immediately notices a fluctuation within the space of his Inner Sanctum. He pivots on his heel and turns to face a projection of magical energy as it coalesces into the figure of a bipedal, red-skinned demon within the span of just three short seconds.

Diablo, the Emperor of Annihilation, materializes a short distance from Unarin, his projected figure still adorned with the same robes he always wore before he merged with the body of the Archdemon.

"Founder Unarin." Diablo says, after flicking his eyes around the Inner Sanctum. "You reacted quickly. It seems you were expecting me."

Unarin blinks slowly. "You took your time. I thought you might show a few rotational cycles ago. Been busy?"

"Oh, you know how it is." Diablo says, waving his hand flippantly. "So many worlds to liberate. So little time for pleasantries and idle pursuits."

The Emperor of Annihilation pauses for a moment. He glances up toward a specific direction, as if peering through the ceiling.

"Second Founder. There's no need for you to lurk like a vulture. Why not come down and say hello to an old friend?"

Hardly have the words left his lips before a disturbance of Psionic Energy materializes beside Unarin. Founder Dosena levitates a half-inch off the ground, her feet barely missing the floor as she crosses her arms and remains at Unarin's side protectively.

[Diablo. Do not speak in such a familiar tone to me.] Dosena bites. [We are neither friends nor allies.]

"We're not?" Diablo asks innocently. "I am but a humble Emperor of the Demons, a loyal vassal to the great and mighty Volgrim Empire. Have I wronged you in some way?"

He spreads his hands out and smiles kindly, like a simple old man unassuming of his relationship to a greater power.

Dosena's eyes narrow. She does not appear amused.

"You've come for a reason." Unarin interjects. "I believe I have deduced roughly eighty-seven point six percent of that reason, but it would be best if you told me in your own words what you wish to discuss."

Instead of immediately answering, Diablo turns and wanders to the left, slowly walking past tables, shelves, and other displays of various pieces of artwork and other cultural artifacts. His gaze moves from one item to the next as he spares half a glance at some, and pauses to focus on others for a second or two.

"Such a grand display." Diablo says after a full minute of silence. "It hurts this humble Demon Emperor's feelings that you've never invited him to your Inner Sanctum, Unarin. To collect a mountain of beautiful artworks and yet never show them off... don't you find it to be a waste?"

"Those who are worthy may enter." Unarin says. "You are now worthy, so you are allowed to enter."

"I'm _now_ worthy?" Diablo asks, turning his head to peer at Unarin out of the corner of his eye. "You _allow_ me to look? Goodness, you're certainly a generous benefactor. I would hate to spoil your good mood and force you to evict me."

[Watch your words.] Dosena warns. [This frail projection of yours stands no chance against me. If I wish to banish you, you cannot resist.]

She sneers. [In fact, why don't you bring that lumbering body of yours to Volgarius? I will show you the meaning of true power.]

Diablo and Dosena exchange a glance. He stops and stands in place, looking at her with the same intensity she forces upon him.

"Someday, the two of us should... exchange a few blows." Diablo says slowly. "Trade insights. I have long desired to witness the full might of the Volgrim's greatest warrior."

[I will hold back a little so that you can save face.] Dosena says, her eyes curling into a smile. [It would not do for such a mighty Cosmic as yourself to lose too quickly.]

Unarin sighs. "Dosena, you may go. I will speak to our guest alone."

[Your will is mine.] Dosena says, nodding at Unarin before flickering away.

Diablo pauses for a moment, then he bares a toothy smile.

"Your mutt is well-trained." He praises sarcastically. "Will she give you her paw if you ask?"

"Even the best trained dog of a human has the blood of countless wolf ancestors flowing through its veins." Unarin fires back. "Tread carefully, lest you cause her to bite."

Diablo continues to maintain his fierce gaze for only a few seconds longer. Then he turns his whole body and reduces his aggressive stance.

"Let's get down to business." Diablo says.

"Certainly." Unarin says. "I was starting to wonder if you only came here to trade quips."

The two men walk over to a small table with four wooden chairs surrounding it. They take a seat beneath a chandelier of seemingly orcish origin, then both sigh softly under their breaths.

"Two weeks ago," Diablo says, "I began my campaign to retake the Milky Way."

His words do not seem to differentiate _who_ he was liberating it from, and neither does Unarin ask for clarification.

"Before then, I only somewhat comprehended the scale of the conflict." Diablo continues. "Now, thanks to my newfound power, I can safely understand just how badly you are losing. Every day that passes, your forces get pushed back another dozen or so worlds at a time. You never make any gains, and only continue to lose ground."

Diablo chuckles. "I imagine the situation is truly agony for an intellectual like yourself. No matter what science or psionics you throw at the Kolvaxians, you cannot seem to push them back. Their expansion must have been _so slow_ at the start, like a snail stuck to an adhesive agent that only made the tiniest forward momentum. But with each new world they took, the Plagueborn began to build up more and more momentum, while you only had _one_ option to stop them."

Diablo's smile turns more sinister. He leans forward with a mocking gaze, directing it at Unarin as if it were a sword capable of impaling his adversary's ego.

"You blew up the planets taken by the Plague using Marie Becker's Neutron Bombs. And, I'm guessing, at one point you blew them _all_ up. Every single world where the Plague had taken root. You destroyed them all. Yet _somehow_ they returned. You brought hundreds of Paradise-class worlds to ruin for _nothing_. You were flabbergasted. You had no idea how the Plague was able to return again and again and again."

Unarin lifts up his chin. "And?"

Seeing the composed look on the First Founder's face, Diablo leans back in his chair. His evil smile returns to a simple smirk.

"You can pretend to be in control all you want, First Founder. The truth is, you're beginning to feel desperate. Thanks to the Wordsmith, you know about the Cosmic Realm enveloping the Milky Way. Like an egg protecting a chick before it hatches, this dimension was intended to give the Archangels another weapon in the future Unending War. But alas, those foolish pheasants perished, and now all that remains of them are a few souls sticking stubbornly to the physical world through mere remnant souls."

"But what does it matter?" Diablo continues. "Perhaps if you had known about the Cosmic Realm at the start, you could have killed the Plague before it reached a tipping point. But now? You have no chance whatsoever. Short of a miraculous scientific breakthrough, you're going to lose this war once even a single battle-line collapses. The Plague has taken over the entire periphery of the galaxy and is now working its way inward. Once it reaches the middle and core systems, there will be no escape."

Diablo pauses for a moment to mockingly puff out his lips and look around, as if searching for a savior in the darkness.

"Oh dear, so what is a humble Founder supposed to do when the mud-dwelling species he despises start suddenly rising up with ways to defeat his enemy? Try and force them to bend the knee? But with what military? You can't spare the soldiers to suppress me. Or perhaps you should simply allow the entire Milky Way to fall so long as it allows you to look good until the last moment. So many options, and none of them seem to give you the victory you desire."

Unarin slowly blinks. He doesn't respond to Diablo's mockery, instead opting to let the Demon Emperor get it out of his system.

"Is that all?" Unarin asks. "Or do you have a proposal for me? The day is young and we have plenty of discussions we could be pursuing."

"Sorry, Unarin. I'm so young compared to you. So childish." Diablo says with a smile. "Forgive me for my youthful folly. I'll just cut to the chase now. Save us the long-winded diatribes."

His smile disappears.

"I am running out of Emperors. There are only so many I can uplift. In order to make an Emperor, I need a Duke. But once I run out of those, I'll need Barons, but that will require me to uplift them two levels instead of one. And once the Barons have all been run out, I'll need to dig into the Lords... and so on."

Unarin nods, having already deduced as much himself.

"The problem is," Diablo says, "we need to fortify the cores of every world I take back from the Plague. You see, Unarin, the Plague infests world cores, and in doing so it opens gateways where it can transfer forces from the Cosmic Realm to our material plane with ease. I can take a world from the Plague, but if I don't attach a powerhouse to that world, it will remain available for the Plague to retake at a later date. That means even if I were to request Founder Dosena herself to stand guard over a world, unless she anchored herself to the world's core, it would still be weak to another Plague invasion in the future."

Unarin's eyes flicker with insight. "So that's the trick you've been using. I ignorantly assumed you only attached Emperors to Celestial bodies for the sake of obtaining Cosmic powerhouses, but all this time you were also preventing the Plague from ever returning to those systems."

"Something like that." Diablo says. "Actually, the Plague can still return. The method the Plague has historically used to corrupt worlds is by suddenly and inexplicably appearing on the planet's surface. This is because the Kolvaxians would materialize inside the world's core, infest it, then start making their way to the surface. However, they do not need to use this method to attack planets in the future. Now that you have fed them a willing and ready supply of High Psions, they can simply traverse the Void. If they sneak up on and subdue a Planar Warden, perhaps by infecting them with the Plague, then they can infest the world once again. Therefore, even though I have made the worlds impossible for the Plague to traditionally infest, those worlds are far from invulnerable."

Unarin closes his eyes for a moment to think.

"In that case, even though it seems you have made great gains versus the Plague, it is not inevitable at all that you will continue to win one easy victory after another. The further you spread your base of power, and the more you stretch your forces out, the more vulnerable your Wardens are to assassination attempts by sneaky Cosmic Plagueborn."

"That is right." Diablo says. "And now we reach the part where _you_ come in."

Unarin opens his eyes. Diablo leans forward in his chair.

"There are two issues I'm currently facing." Diablo explains. "First. Despite conquering tens of worlds so far within just two short weeks, my speed of conquest is painfully slow compared to the Plague's expansion. At best, I am only keeping up with the speed of worlds lost every day, and the Plague has a ninety-millennia headstart on me."

"Secondly, I'm about to run out of Emperors. Uplifting more will take time. Even if I uplift all the demons above the rank of Baron, that's less than 50,000 elites across all the remaining Hells. 50,000 star systems compared to the totality of the galaxy? It's nothing at all."

Diablo slowly raises a finger and points it at Unarin.

"This deal I'm about to offer is better than you deserve. If I had come onto the scene 50,000 years ago, it wouldn't even be on the table. Simply put, you don't deserve it."

"Well. I thank you for your generosity in advance." Unarin says mildly. "Continue."

"Here's the deal." Diablo explains. "I want your help in two ways. First: You will send troops with advanced weaponry, psionic power, and anything else you can spare to every world as I begin to conquer them. This will greatly increase my speed of assimilation, allowing me to conquer each world's core with ease. The faster I take worlds, the faster we can begin working to push the Plague back."

"I don't have troops to spare." Unarin says. "You said it yourself. My poor, fragile Empire is barely holding on. We're unraveling at the seams."

Unarin dons an expression of mock weakness, shaking his head and throwing up his hands helplessly.

Diablo doesn't buy it.

"I'm not asking for your Executors. I don't even need any Psions at or above the 6th level. In fact, it's better if you give me Psions of the 3rd, 4th, and 5th level. 5th Level Psions are roughly equivalent to Demon Emperors, and that just so happens to work out perfectly for the second condition."

Unarin's eyes flicker once again as he realizes what Diablo is implying.

"You mean to say...?"

"That's right." Diablo says with a smile. "Since there aren't enough Emperors to go around, I'm going to let you have some of the worlds we'll be retaking. By choosing a 5th Level Psion, of which I know you possess many, I can forcibly attach their Psionic Souls to the cores of these worlds and turn _them_ into Planar Wardens. Oh, certainly, they will not become the mighty High Psions of ancient yore, those who could flit around and smash the galaxy into pieces. But look at it this way. _Would they have made a difference otherwise before the Plague crushed your Empire into dust?_ I think you know the answer."

The way Unarin looks at Diablo changes. For the first time in a long time, he gazes at an inferior mud-dweller with an expression of appreciation.

"Impressive, Diablo. Earth had one philosophy I read about in the past known as the Carrot and the Stick. To be an effective leader, one should alternate between rewards and punishment in order to obtain maximum material gain. You have clearly mastered this branch of philosophy."

He pauses.

"By taking over a few key worlds of mine right before they were about to be conquered, you displayed your power to the masses. You made yourself look benevolent to my citizens, allowing word to get out regarding your acts of saving innocents. You made me look weak, incapable of protecting them, and gave your species a reputation as being able to accomplish the impossible. Now that you have succeeded, that has put me in a predicament. Sooner or later, word will spread across my entire Empire, and I will begin to look the fool. Our galactic situation would still not improve over time, and thus my people's confidence in me would slowly erode."

"But now that you've waited an appropriate length of time and demonstrated your prowess to my lieutenants and generals, you show up here offering the solution to my dilemma. I can stand against you obstinately, praying for a chance to overcome the Plague through our own means, or I can take your deal, speed up the conquest of the Plague, and ultimately win the war. I'll just have to admit that you, and thus the demons, are superior to the Volgrim on this matter."

"Unarin, Unarin." Diablo says, waving his hand in the sweetest and most loving manner he can muster. "It's nothing like that. In these trying times, your loyal vassals have come up with a single method to defeat one singular enemy. And since I have informed you of the way to keep the Plague at bay, by preventing world cores from being assimilated, it's perfectly plausible your mighty Empire can find a way to succeed like I have. Despite my one singular success, in all other matters, the demons are still weak and inferior compared to the Volgrim. Your technological superiority alone- need I say more?"

Unarin's expression becomes ugly. "5th Level Psions are the backbone of my military. Given time, a decent portion of them will reach the 7th Level, and eventually the 8th."

"A decent portion, you say?" Diablo asks, his saccharine-sweet expression disappearing. "There's no reason to exaggerate. You barely have a dozen Executors fighting beneath your name. As for the 7th Level Psions, perhaps a few hundred? The number of Lower Psions that manage to Ascend to the ranks of Cosmic is certainly infinitely higher than the demons, but the number that attain the highest levels are still tragically low. I'm offering you... an alternative way to bolster your forces."

Diablo crosses his arms. "If you agree to ally with me, I can empower the 5th Level Psions who fight alongside me up to the rank of 7th Level. You and I both should agree that popping out Executors is not ideal, because while it would empower your forces tremendously, it could also cause a certain amount of strife to appear within your ranks. Similarly, there should only be _one_ 9th Level Psion in the Volgrim Empire."

Unarin's eyes narrow. "Turning Demon Emperors into Bottom Level Cosmics is the third and weakest option at your disposal. Do you truly expect me to accept such a mediocre deal?"

"Oh, it's not such a bad offer at all." Diablo retorts. "Becoming a Free Warden will cap the level of strength these young Psions will attain, certainly. They will never step beyond the 5th Level in their base state, or the 7th Level when residing upon their chosen planet. But in exchange, they can still flit about the cosmos as needed, and provide ample power to the worlds they protect when necessary."

"How generous of you." Unarin counters. "Protecting me from my own soldiers. Here's a better idea. I'll help you if you can... sweeten the deal. I would very much like to have a few extra Executors in the back wing. Say, a few hundred or so. Hardly any to speak of at all. What say you regarding this proposal?"

Diablo rubs his jaw and looks off to the side. "No, no, I can already imagine the strife that would cause among your military. Imagine poor Executor Nufaris finding out that he has dozens or even hundreds of competitors that leaped up to the same rank as him with relative ease. No doubt, he would start to call your leadership into question."

"Whether my Executors complain means nothing in the grand scheme-" Unarin starts to say, only to pause mid-sentence as Dosena communicates with him privately.

Several seconds of silence follow as his eyes turn to the side. Swiftly, he and the Second Founder have a long and detailed discourse, unheard by Diablo. Even so, the Emperor of Annihilation smiles smugly when he sees Unarin returning his gaze to him.

"Changed your mind?" Diablo asks.

"In light of other evidence, I have indeed." Unarin says mildly. "Alright. Military support during your conquests in exchange for control of certain liberated worlds. _But._ In exchange for elevating no Psions beyond the 7th Level, we will get to... _discuss_ the allocation of worlds that go to the Volgrim and Demons. After all, if you snatch up all the high-resource worlds and leave us the scraps, there won't be much value for us in this arrangement, will there?"

Diablo's smile flickers. His eyelid twitches for some reason unknown, but he still maintains eye contact with the First Founder.

"Very well. As for how those worlds should be allocated... we have plenty of time to discuss the matter slowly. Let's focus on liberating a few to start so we can see how effective this... _partnership_... will be."

Unarin smiles amiably. "I like the 'new you', Diablo. You've become more ruthless and pragmatic of late. What caused this change, I wonder?"

Diablo chuckles.

"I'm the same as I've always been, Unarin."

"Somehow," Unarin counters, "I doubt that _very_ much."