Part 410: The Cosmic Scale
Part 410: The Cosmic Scale

_A few hours before, around the same time as the Wordsmith's incursion into the future..._

Archangel Uriel, Gabriel, and Michael all sit atop a circular stone bench, facing inward toward one another, nestled within the second story of Tarus II's only church. Gabriel and Michael take their corporeal forms through Uriel's magic, appearing as light constructs shaped mostly in the image of their original bodies. Naturally, their powers are far weaker compared to their original bodies, but the opportunity to interact with the physical realm always makes them feel better than when they were trapped inside their rings.

The three of them gaze at a scrying crystal Uriel created earlier through her magic. It shows a vision of Cassiel, watching while she and Soleil walk around the confines of Tarus II's largest city to try and socialize the Lazarite a bit more. Thanks to the mechanics of the magical locket Cassiel wears, any Archangel can easily form such a scrying crystal to watch over her.

"'Tis wonderful to see our little sister in such high spirits." Gabriel remarks. "I thought she might never be able to escape her anguish."

"She is merely suppressing her pain." Michael says. "What that Gressil did to her was... unforgiveable. Sister. When our eldest brother returns, we should set out to hunt Gressil at once! I cannot tolerate his disgusting existence a moment longer."

Uriel snorts. "I agree with thee, brother. But I am not Gressil's match. This bloodskin body I inhabit only contains the true strength of a Demon Duke. Against the majority of foes, I can elevate it through my own power... but not against Gressil. His chaotic energy will suppress the majority of my magic, if not outright nullify it. In a contest of physical strength, I am also not his match."

Michael rubs his chin. "Hmm. Gabriel and I shan't be able to take physical form within Gressil's aura either. That will force thee to fight the Emperor of Chaos alone. Tsk. He is well-protected..."

"Gressil may even be the strongest Emperor to have ever lived." Gabriel says.

"Nay. I would not go that far." Michael counters. "Gressil's strength primarily comes from his ability to nullify the magic of others. I suspect that if he were to face a Psion, he would not be able to suppress them. The rest of his powers appear quite ordinary as well, judging from the reports we've heard. Temporal manipulation and illusions art not something we cannot contend with."

"The danger Gressil poses comes not from any one of his abilities, but all of them at once." Uriel mutters. "Thou forgetteth, brother. He also wields the power of his hellspawn mother, the Emperor of Providence. Her third eye alone is a fearsome weapon which laid waste to several prominent Heroes over the eras."

"Lucifer." Michael growls, hatred rumbling in his stomach. "I suffered a terrible loss to her, once. But she is not even the demoness I hate most. That privilege belongs to Emperor Belial."

All three Archangels fall silent for a moment.

"Belial... she appears quite different now compared to when Satan roamed the Earth." Gabriel says. "She is... nice. She seems to harbor no ill-intent toward the humans."

"Thou mustn't trust a demoness." Uriel hisses. "That Belial is a snake. She is our enemy. It was she who backstabbed me and allowed the demons to enter Heaven. Of all the demons in existence, it is she who I wish to kill the most."

Michael gazes at the scrying crystal, watching as Cassiel and Soleil daintily munch on some candy they obtained from a street vendor.

"We are so weak now." Michael murmurs. "The angels are dead. All that remains are our withered husks... and the last survivor of our descendants. Even so... my hatred has lost some of its bite. There is no point in our struggles. We cannot ever bring the angels back to glory, no matter how much brother Raphael wishes to do so."

"I have accepted my lot in life." Gabriel says, smiling faintly. "The two of thee art still consumed by the past. Why torture ourselves? We cannot change what once was. Why not focus on what could be?"

"Because I still have a _chance_!" Uriel snaps, glaring daggers at the Archangel of Power. "Gabriel, thou hath always been too kind-hearted. So long as I cling to life, I will use every drop of my strength to seek revenge for our fallen siblings. I cannot accept our past failings. I will not! If I cannot eliminate all of the bloodskins, then I shall _die_ trying."

"The bloodskins art too numerous." Michael says, somewhat bitterly. "Even if we transform into our unified body, how much strength can we output, and for how long? Even if we annihilate the world of Hell Harbor, the demons will continue to lead merry lives on other planets. There are hundreds of demon-worlds, to say nothing of the Labyrinth itself."

"Thou accepteth defeat too easily." Uriel replies. "I fear no demon, no Emperor. If it takes me a hundred years, I will fight for a hundred years. If it takes me a hundred thousand, then I shalt fight for a hundred thousand! I am no longer limited by my Archangel body. I no longer have to hold back my strength in fear of a gradual and inescapable decline! So long as I exercise a certain level of patience, I shalt be able to regenerate my mana and eventually fulfill my revenge!"

"And what of the creatures we observed?" Gabriel asks. "Those... monsters... in the Cosmic Realm? Dost thou thinketh thou shalt slay the demons before they do?"

"Gabriel, Gabriel..." Uriel tut-tuts. "I care not who destroys the bloodskins. Myself or the Plague, it matters not. So long as they ultimately perish, I shalt feel ecstasy. I shalt have rid the universe of one malfeasant mistake."

"Is that why thou chooseth to work with the humans?" Michael asks. "Because they can assist thee in thy revenge?"

Uriel smiles sinisterly.

"That is right. The Wordsmith has some foolish notion of alleviating the past and ameliorating the demons, but his goals are useless in my eyes. He seeks to build a coalition with the demons, but he will only bring ruin upon himself. Nay, it is not him who I have grown to appreciate, but his cloned self..."

"Hope Hiro." Michael nods. "He and Neil Adams seem to have proper ideas regarding how to treat the bloodskins. They know the demons are their enemy."

"Indeed, they do." Uriel nods. "They have not fallen for Belial's lies. They know she is merely an insider lurking within their midst. They may even suspect she is delivering information of the highest levels to the other Emperors. Already, she hath wrapped the Wordsmith's wife around her pinky."

Gabriel frowns. "Brother. Sister. Surely, the two of thee doth not believeth such words? If Belial's goal was to betray the Wordsmith, she had many chances to do so. She would not waste so many opportunities..."

"Her goals must run deeper than we can imagine." Uriel reasons. "Never try to estimate a bloodskin's cunning by thy own measure, brother. Who can say what level of debauchery she might stoop to?"

Gabriel appears unconvinced. "Michael and I existed on the Wordsmith's hand for several years. We observed Belial's words and actions through his eyes on many occasions. I believe that she has changed."

"I do not." Michael says. "Bloodskins never change. Don't be naïve, Gabriel. Thou shoulds't not alloweth thy emotions to cloud thy judgment."

"My emotions are as calm as ever." Gabriel retorts. "Rather, it is the two of thee who appear to be speaking emotionally."

Michael pauses. He glares at Gabriel, then looks away.

A brief but awkward silence ensues. Clearly, Michael and Uriel think their towering brother is too soft, too foolish for his own good. But they also haven't the heart to say so bluntly to his face.

After all... the four Archangels are all they have left. They have to stick together in the face of adversity.

Uriel clears her throat. "Regarding-"

Barely has she gotten a word out before a faint swishing noise _poofs_ into the air in front of her. Uriel blinks in surprise as a plain golden band materializes out of midair and falls to the floor at her feet. It strikes the tiled floor with a crisp _tink_, drawing all three of their gazes.

"Hm?" Uriel grunts. "Brother Raphael's ring? Why has it suddenly appeared here?"

"Perhaps the Wordsmith wished to expediently return it to us." Michael posits.

"Hm. Yes, perhaps..." Uriel mutters.

She waves her hand, and a surge of magical energy yanks the ring off the floor. It flies over to her ring finger and smoothly wraps around it, causing Raphael to materialize inside her Mind Realm. An instant later, Uriel summons him to reality with a construct-body of his own, allowing him to join the other three in the material realm.

"Brother Raphael." Gabriel says. "How dids't thou fareth on thy trip?"

Raphael glances at the three of them, then sighs and takes a seat. He plunks his butt on the round stone bench and gazes up at the ceiling as if a man smitten by woe.

"I... had a falling out with the Wordsmith." Raphael says. "He uncovered a secret about humanity, one I wish he had not."

"What sort of secret?" Michael asks.

Raphael spends the next two hours going into great and exhaustive detail regarding the things he saw while traveling with the Wordsmith. In particular, the revelations regarding the uncovering of a living but comatose Titan princess shocks the other Archangels. Knowing that the entrance to Valhalla has opened up causes all three of them to frown deeply.

"Unarin is quite shrewd." Gabriel comments. "He is clearly manipulating the Wordsmith. He obtained a large amount of information that would greatly benefit him and his empire. He even knows of the Cosmic Realm, now."

"We cannot ignore the existence of Valhalla." Uriel says. "Brothers, we should travel there at once. We must rescue the Titan. The Volgrim are unable to heal her, but that may not be the case for us. I also wish to investigate the draconic energy the Wordsmith detected."

"If this is truly the work of a dragon," Michael says, "and one that would be three times mightier than Jörmungandr... we will not be able to oppose it. The galaxy is not ready to fight a true-blooded monster from the Primordial Era. These hatchlings haven't a clue the end that awaits them if the dragon has attained its full power."

"I agree." Raphael says. "A dragon with no other spawn to weaken it shall be a powerhouse not even our unified form can battle. I fear the results if we were to face it."

He pauses.

"...As for traveling to Valhalla. My illusions can shield our existence from the Dolgrimites. However, I have another fear."

"The dragon may still be in the area." Uriel says, as if reading her brother's mind. "It may have even taken up residence somewhere on the world. At its full power, surely the dragon could close itself up within a pocket space that not even the Psions could uncover..."

"Indeed, that mayeth yet be the case." Raphael says. The old man exhales long and hard, his expression appearing haggard beyond belief. "But that is not the fear with rankles me, sister. Rather, I doth not believeth we have any reason to fight this ancient horror. Tis' no longer our concern."

"Hm?" Michael says, raising an eyebrow. "Brother... what is thy meaning?"

"We are not the angels of ancient yore." Raphael says. "This battle is not ours to fight. We must leave it to the denizens of the modern galaxy. Instead, I wish to uncover the truth regarding these... Kolvaxians."

"The truth?" Uriel asks. "Dost thou knoweth a detail we do not?"

"Many such details." Raphael answers with a nod. "Founder Unarin is too perceptive for his own good. He may have already grasped a fundamental Truth of our reality. He may have gazed upon the Cosmic Scale."

The other Archangels look at one another with visible confusion. Gabriel even chuckles lightly.

"Haha... brother, thy words are quite ominous. Please speak not in such depressing tones."

However, Raphael doesn't return Gabriel's smile.

Instead, his expression only grows more gloomy by the second.

"Verily. Long ago, I spake with our father, the Creator. I learned of the Myriad Truths before the rest of thee came into existence. I know of the creatures that lurk within the depths of the Void."

He wrings his hands together.

"Life does not come from nothing. The universe is not eternal. Eventually, it will have an end. This will set into motion the Karmic Cycle. The Akashic Sequence. What once was will end, and what will be shalt be made anew. Many Eternities have passed. Too many to count. Each Eternity has its own struggles, its own victories and defeats. Compared to the Cosmic Scale, the Galactic Scale is truly nothing but dust in the wind."

"I do not comprehend." Michael says, scrunching up his face. "Art thou saying that there exists life beyond our galaxy?"

"Indeed!" Raphael exclaims. "And more life than thou cans't possibly imagine. Dost thou believeth the angels are the creators of sentience? The masters of reality granting life to our lessers? Cast aside such foolishness. In the Cosmic Scale, we are strong, but far from invincible. I squandered my father's warnings and allowed our people to fall into decline... but the primordial battles against the dragons were not as they initially seemed."

"What? They were not?" Uriel asks, visibly baffled. "Please, Raphael. Speak not in such cryptic words. We are thy family!"

"In the past, I was hesitant to reveal matters of the Cosmic Scale to the three of thee." Raphael murmurs. "But.. those days have long passed. I once sought not to return our people to their ancient ways... their constant unending struggles. I wished for us to live our lives in peace, having slain the Mother of All Dragons. But alas, she was not the last one. I failed, as I always have."

Raphael falls silent for several moments, as if resolving his heart.

When he speaks, he does so ponderously, as if the effort strains his heart.

"Dragons... they were not a whetstone for our people." Raphael murmurs. "They were not a tool upon which we could vent our boredom. That was only the excuse I gave at the time. Rather, the Dragons were a... _weapon_."

"A weapon?" Gabriel asks, before closing his eyes. "A weapon against... another galaxy?"

"Our people were in decline." Raphael continues, as if not hearing his brother's question. "I could chart our future path with my eyes closed. We would expend our cosmic and primordial energy, ultimately becoming so weak that we could no longer protect our galaxy. When that happened, we would become prey for the... the others."

He continues. "Due to various reasons, I chose to work alongside sister Uzziel. She helped me craft a biological weapon of terrifying strength. The _Dragon_. We named her Jörmungandr, 'Devourer of Rulers,' in hopes of striking fear into the other galaxies. This ploy worked. They avoided doing battle with us."

"Who are these external enemies, then?" Uriel questions. "Thou seemeth to believe we stand no chance against them. Is our galaxy not already doomed, then?"

"It is not." Raphael says quietly. "There is always hope. These Kolvaxians... they are surely the agents of another galaxy. Frightening killing machines capable of assimilating other species into their own. Sister, brothers... the Cosmic Scale is not something one can easily wrap their heads around."

Raphael motions with his hands. He summons an illusion, one which envelops the entire room and turns everything but himself and his siblings pitch black. A moment later, dozens of brilliantly shining lights appear all around them, each taking the form of spinning, swirling galaxies, nebulae, black holes, and other cosmic phenomena.

"In the Cosmic Scale, billions upon billions of galaxies exist." Raphael explains. "And in truth... all of them... harbor life."

"ALL of them?!" Uriel exclaims. "That is ludicrous!"

"But it is also true." Raphael murmurs. "Our galaxy is but one among many. And within the Cosmic Scale, there is a Game which is constantly being played. Our Creator was not the only Creator. There are... many others. They are known as the Rulers."

He motions with his hands, summoning two galaxies that look fairly similar, but one is clearly bigger than the other.

"This is the Milky Way." Raphael says, pointing to the smaller one. Then he points to the larger one. "This is Andromeda. Each galaxy resides within the Local Cluster. Each galaxy has a Ruler."

"Is Andromeda's Creator as powerful as ours?" Michael asks.

"I misspoke earlier. I was only attempting to simplify my words so thou might easily understand." Raphael explains. "Every galaxy has a Ruler. But our Ruler referred to himself as the Creator. Every Ruler's name gives a hint at to their disposition. What sort of name does 'The Creator' bring about in thy mind?"

Michael interlinks his fingers. He furrows his brow in thought. "I suppose... that he is a peaceful Ruler? Someone who wishes to create and not destroy?"

"That is correct." Raphael says. "Our father was a peaceful man. He was loving and kind. He wished to see the end of all violence. No doubt, if he were to see what his creation has become, he would feel great grief."

"Hmph." Uriel mutters. "Perhaps he was just an old fool. Naïve and weak. That is why the other Rulers managed to kill him. I always wondered what circumstances could lead to the death of such a mighty existence, but now it all makes sense."

Raphael glances into his sister's eyes, but quickly looks away.

He dares not tell her the truth.

"In any event," Raphael continues, "the Rulers are undying, but not unkillable. They will exist in perpetuity. When this Eternity ends, another will begin. They will remain as Rulers when their galactic seeds start afresh. At such unfathomable power levels, the Rulers do not bother with combating one another. They have grown comfortable with their Existences. Instead, they engage in... the Karmic Game."

Sensing his siblings are about to ask what that Game might be, Raphael continues. "They do not fight one another. Instead, they raise up civilizations, evolving them and perfecting their strength. Then they send those civilizations to attack one another. The desire for war is often bred into them deliberately, but more often than not, it arises naturally."

The other three Archangels appear visibly disturbed.

"This... this is not something one can easily digest..." Gabriel murmurs. "Brother, if thou speaketh the truth, then... are our lives not pitiable? We are nothing more than pawns bred to fight for superior beings."

"We're just toys for the Rulers' amusement." Michael mutters bitterly. "This is the great Truth? Life has no inherent meaning?"

"Life has whatever meaning thou giveth to it." Raphael retorts. "Uriel lives for revenge. Gabriel lives in contentment. Are either of their meanings superior to one another? I would argue not. Death is a natural feature of our existences. There is no need to look upon it with fear. When the Karmic Cycle concludes, the Akashic Sequence will begin. Our universe will turn to dust, and a new one will spring forth. This has happened innumerable times before, and will happen innumerable times into the future. It is simply the way things are."

"But..." Michael mumbles. "...what is the point in our struggle? We live. We die. In the end, all becomes dust. Whether we love or hate, we will all eventually fall. It is all simply so... senseless."

"There is a reason for everything." Raphael contests. "I know it may not seem as such, but this is the truth. The Era of Cosmic War has begun, and now our galaxy must fight these invaders. We must secure our stronghold. If not for our sake, then for the sake of humanity, our children. And if not for theirs, then perhaps... for our little sister's sake."

Raphael waves his hand again. He summons an image of Cassiel, her faintly smiling face filling the hearts of the other Archangels with warmth.

"She has suffered terribly. Should we not struggle for her future?" Raphael questions.

Uriel gazes at the image of the young brown-haired woman.

Her lips curl up, ever so slightly.

"...Yes. I suppose thou art right, brother. The Daughter of Heaven has fought well for us. She deserves a good life."

"She is just like her sister." Michael murmurs. "The same heart. The same unbreakable spirit."

While Uriel and Michael share a rare moment of joy with each other, Raphael's expression turns ever-so-slightly gloomy.

He gazes into the distance, not daring to speak the one thing others mustn't know.

_I killed my Father._ Raphael speaks. _All because of my own greed. When he revealed the Myriad Truths to me, I became voracious. I wanted his power. And I received it._

He lowers his eyes.

_If I can survive to the end of the Karmic Cycle, I may yet become eligible. I may become a Candidate..._

_If fortune favors me, I shall become the Milky Way's Ruler during the next Eternity._

_Then... it will all be worth the pain._