The hallucination before Jason, shaped like that of a noble king, began pacing back and forth. Jason knew he was a mirage, given his ghostly appearance and how only Jason could see him. Unlike ghosts from old cartoons who wore bedsheets over their heads, Solomon was a man with carefully combed blonde hair and blue eyes. The purple, red, and gold colors across his body gave him a stylish, flamboyant appearance capable of turning heads.

Extravagant. That's how Jason would have classified Solomon's appearance.

Solomon ceased his bravado and self-glorification as he met Jason's gaze. "The Volgrim were an enemy unlike any other that humanity had fought. Hell, they still are. When they arrived at our doorstep in the year 2139, it took everyone, including me, by surprise."

"2139? That's over a hundred years after I entered the Cryopod."

Solomon cocked his head. "What do you mean? Why did you enter suspended animation?"

He continually surprised Jason with his knowledge of technical subjects. How in the hell would a king from the friggin' Bronze Age know what a cryopod was?

"It's a long story. I had a troubled life. Saw an opportunity to be of use to science rather than simply... ending it."

"Suicidal thoughts?" Solomon averted his gaze. "Few heroes have ever felt that way. Hell, none that I knew did. I'm surprised."

"I didn't know I was a Hero. I was a kid with no friends living a life in poverty. I considered buying a pistol and ending it all, but the ad requesting a guinea pig for science caught my eye. And then... I ended up a hundred thousand years in the future."

"That's unnerving," Solomon muttered. He resumed his pacing. "Anyway. In 2139, the Volgrim appeared with a massive fleet of Warships. Humanity had already begun to colonize the Moon and Mars, but we had no idea they had been monitoring us for decades, possibly even centuries. The aliens knew everything about us: Our culture, our beliefs, and even our military capabilities. They issued an ultimatum. Either we would bow to their will and accept them as our masters, or they would annihilate us."

Jason crossed his arms. "That's it, huh? That must have started one hell of a war. No way humanity would go down without a fight. I've seen enough alien movies to know that much."

Solomon sighed. "Haah... not quite. The leaders of every country held a vote. They decided unanimously to cooperate with the Volgrim."

"Bullshit. You're lying."

"I am many things, lad, but a deceiver isn't one of them." Solomon stared out at the monsters and humans milling about. Jason saw a question form in his mind, but whatever it was, he decided not to ask. "I don't think you understand the severity of the situation. Ever since the third World War, Britain had taken the lead in military technology. They possessed the most advanced weaponry on Earth, but they were the first to capitulate. Nothing we had compared to Volgrim warp-drives and orbital cannons. To say their technology was a million years more advanced than humanity's would be a gross understatement."

Jason pulled up a chair and sat down. "Okay, forgive me for interrupting your story, Solomon... but how the hell do you know all this? Didn't you live and die around one thousand years before Jesus Christ?"

Solomon smirked. "Heroes never die. Provided one had a legendary artifact gifted to them by Camael, their soul would seal inside of it after their death. I lived on quite comfortably inside my Crown long after my physical body expired."

The ancient king paused for a moment. "Hm. Of course, heroes could also end up inside ordinary objects, too, depending on how their lives ended, but that's a story for another day."

Slowly, Jason's eyes roved up and down Solomon's frame. Solomon's ghostly form was much more transparent near his legs compared to his head and chest. He seemed to hover in midair.

"What's that like? Living inside an artifact, I mean?"

"It's wonderful. Fantastic. Certainly not boring or dull in the slightest." Solomon rolled his eyes. "Heaven's sake. It's terrible. I lucked out compared to other heroes. My crown was bequeathed to many men and women as the years passed. It tended to stay among the ranks of nobility, and later the church, so I usually had someone to converse with. Heaven knows that any hero trapped inside a melee weapon had a rough time once people began using firearms."

Solomon's words made Jason remember Joan. She exited her sword when Amelia touched it. Jason wondered if she had lived a lonely life filled with boredom as well.

"I think I get it. You ended up inside a Crown, and those are typically worn by nobility, so you at least got to witness the world change as the years passed. That doesn't seem too bad."

...

A moment passed. Solomon chuckled.

"Heh, that's funny. You're funny. I didn't sit back and passively watch, Jason. Don't you know what my Crown can do? Its special power?"

A sense of astonishment washed over Jason. "It gives the wearer... nearly unlimited knowledge... oh my god."

"Exactly. Friends in high places knew that anyone who wore my artifact would possess nigh limitless knowledge. Most major innovations in technology were created as a result of someone using me to think up new ways to progress humanity."

"Wow. That's super cool. But... then that must mean, when the Volgrim arrived..."

Solomon snapped his fingers. "Yes! You understand! The Pope of the Transhuman Fundamentalists, Father Clarence Jackson, was my wearer at the time. I never offered my opinion on world events, no matter how dire. However, he believed that the end was near if we allowed the aliens to control Earth."

"Ah, so he must have been the one to lead a crusade against them, right?"

Solomon stared at Jason silently for a moment. "Jason. You do know what a Pope _is_, correct?"

"Uh... I suppose a...?"

"A pacifist."

"Right. Duh. I knew that."

Solomon groaned. "Anyway. Clarence decided to do something out of the ordinary. He loaned my Crown to a woman named Victoria Rothschild. She used her influence to create an army on short notice-"

Jason held his hand up. "Hold on; I need to stop you there. _Rothschild_? Is that the name I think it is?"

Solomon shrugged. "That depends on what you're thinking. Spell them out for me."

"You know... the wealthy banker family. There are- well, _were_ tons of conspiracies about them. Rumors like how they owned trillions of dollars of wealth..."

"All true, I suppose." Solomon waved his hand flippantly. "After she received my Crown, Victoria built a big army, yadda-yadda, two hundred years of continuous war followed, and eventually humanity lost."

Jason blinked slowly. "That's it? I expected a bigger, grander end to the tale."

"Oh, certainly, many things happened. Much of it was political, some of it military. The most important events occurred at the end of the wars, when the leader of humanity decided to surrender. Given she had lived for over three-hundred years and witnessed many catastrophes, including the destruction of Earth, I was surprised she held out as long as she did."

"I'm surprised humans allowed a single person to lead them. What about the United Nations?"

Solomon smiled. "Marie Becker, the Supreme Commander of Earth, took control of the planet as the result of a 98% popular vote. The only people who didn't want her in charge were the other leaders of Earth. Fortunately for her, the common folk remembered her significant achievements during the war, and she won in a landslide."

"Wow. That sounds impressive."

The king's smile slowly morphed into a smirk. "Marie manipulated the votes, but it was probably for the best. I found her political and military finesse to be ideal for the job."

"What?! She cheated! How can you be okay with that?!"

"Trust me, Jason. If you had lived then, you might understand. That being said, Marie surrendered, but under the condition that humanity would be given several worlds to live on in peace. There were a bunch of technical clauses, but I wasn't around for those."

"You weren't?"

Several moments passed. Solomon looked away, toward the Great Doors separating the Core from the rest of the Labyrinth. Despondency appeared in his eyes.

"I emerged from my Crown to perform one last heroic feat. I took as many Holy Artifacts as I could find and hid them throughout the Labyrinth, in the hopes that someday if humanity should stand up against the demons and Volgrim, they might have a fighting chance. Then, I perished. I don't know what happened after that."

Solomon lowered his head. "A hundred thousand years. It passed in the blink of an eye. Honestly, Jason... I haven't yet come to grips with my awakening. I thought I departed this existence forever to be with my loved ones. It's strange. I looked forward to my death, but once I died and came back, I couldn't tell you what it was like."

"You didn't dance on clouds and play the harp with angels?"

"Nope. Nothing like that. I felt my body weaken. A terrible exhaustion took me, and a moment later, I opened my eyes and found myself staring at a beautiful demon woman."

"Ose," Jason murmured.

"That's the one. Ravishing."

"Mmm."

Solomon smiled again as he reflected on whatever he and Ose had discussed. "You're in a hopeless situation, Jason."

His sudden change of topic caught Jason off-guard. "I beg your pardon?"

"I don't know the universe's present situation. After a hundred thousand years, though, I can only imagine how powerful the demons have become, let alone the Volgrim. Do you have a plan for the future?"

Jason shook his head. "Nope. I'm trying to avert a war and keep the demons at bay. I can't risk attacking them, or they might send a billion grunts to our doorstep before night falls. Hope and Neil seem more confident about our odds of success, but I don't know."

"Hope? Neil?"

"The commander and, um, my clone."

"Clone?" Solomon blinked in surprise. "You cloned yourself? Even with my Crown in your possession, that must have taken a while."

This time, Jason was the one who smiled. "You know I'm a Hero, right?"

"I gathered that much by the Heroic Energy surging in your body."

"My power is called Wordsmithing. Well, I mean, that's what _I_ call it. It might have a more technical name, but I don't know."

Solomon nodded. "Interesting. Explain."

And so, Jason did. For over ten minutes, he explained the events of the past several months to Solomon. His life, arriving in the Cryopod, Hoarhiim's orb, the discovery of his powers, his battles against a monster, a human, and even the First Emperor.

After Jason finished, Solomon whistled. "Psseew... good lord. That's a lot to take in. You battled Satan and didn't die?"

"Yup. He's dead now. After Amelia died, Satan turned into dust."

A spark appeared in Solomon's eye. "Right... you mentioned Samantha... but surely her name is Belial, correct?"

"Mhm."

"The Second Emperor of the demons?"

"...Yes. What's with that tone? You're starting to worry me."

The king shook his head. "It's probably nothing. I remember a little rumor from the ancient ages regarding Julius Caesar and how he met his unfortunate demise."

"Was she involved?"

"Who can know?"

"I'm alarmed now. Christ. After what Hope said..."

"Your clone? What happened?"

Jason glanced shiftily to the side. "Well, I kinda sorta accidentally but intentionally overheard him mention that Samantha is a shapeshifter, and not long after, I confronted her about it. She stormed away, along with my wife. I feel awful for saying anything, but she saw those Volgrim tapes, and-"

"Slow down. What Volgrim tapes?"

"Well, on the terminal behind me, there's a file regarding something about a treaty, and it also has a very graphic video of a Volgrim leader guy doing... something awful. You don't want to see."

Solomon narrowed his eyes. "Don't feign indignation on my behalf. Show me."

"It's gruesome."

"Such is war. I've seen things that would shrivel your stomach into the size of a pea, Jason. I want to see whatever that video is."

Jason groaned and spun his chair around to face the monitor. "Okay, okay. Whatever you say, Your Majesty."

Less than a minute later, Jason tapped around and brought up the file list. Solomon held his finger up. "Wait."

He scanned the files one by one, reading each title carefully. "Overlord Protocol. Brainwashing. Incredible."

He continued to mutter to himself for a few minutes. Occasionally, he had Jason tap on this file or that. Jason could read the words, but they were all incredibly stiff and stilted, written almost like Legalese.

Solomon, however, had no such trouble. After a minute, he nodded. "I understand now. Fascinating. Play the video."

Jason complied but looked away. Solomon didn't see the world through Jason's eyes, but through the rubies circling his crown, so he was still able to watch the video.

He winced as the demon heads exploded. "Gods. You weren't joking. How grisly! Nufaris has expanded his power since I last saw him. And he's an Executor, now! He shot up the ranks."

"You know him?"

"Sadly. Nufaris was the Elder in charge of monitoring Earth during the decades before the Volgrim assault force arrived in 2139. Given how much he learned about humanity during that time, the Founders gave him the title of Ambassador and later made him a general during the Energy Wars. I'm surprised he rose to the very top of the Volgrim hierarchy."

"Mmm." Jason nodded, pretending to understand what Solomon meant. "Any thoughts about these files?"

"Plenty." Solomon rubbed the bridge of his nose. "Where to begin, where to begin..."

He didn't get to answer. Henry's voice rang out, nearly giving Jason a heart attack. "Mister Hiro! I brought Neil and Hope along, just as you asked!"

Jason swiveled in his chair to face the two newcomers. Hope and Neil's eyes widened as they looked at him. Jason's doppelganger was the first to speak. "Jason! Are you okay? Henry says you had trouble standing."

"I'm okay, now. Ose tried to hit me with a mental assault, but Solomon's Crown protected me. After that... uh..." Jason glanced at Solomon's ghostly visage. "Well, I made a new friend."

Hope followed Jason's gaze, but stared right through Solomon at the monitor behind him. "...The computer?"

"Not exactly. Solomon's Crown isn't an empty vessel of knowledge. The king is still alive inside of it. I can see him now."

Hope didn't appear convinced. "So, to be clear, the demon woman attacked your mind, and now you have an invisible friend?"

"When you put it that way, you make me sound a little crazy."

"You said it, not me..." Hope trailed off and glanced at Neil. "Maybe I should inspect Jason's head. Just in case."

Solomon chuckled. "Heh... Jason, use your Wordsmithing. Speak the word, 'Project' and make my apparition visible to them."

Out loud, Jason asked, "I can do that?"

"Of course. Once you told me Wordsmithing's premise, I instantly comprehended a million ways you could use it. You've scarcely tapped into its power."

"Oh. Okay. Neat. **Project.**"

To Jason's surprise, Solomon's ghostly body became noticeably less transparent. His form shifted, turning him into a halfway flesh-and-blood creature.

Neil's eyes widened. Hope gaped. "Whoa...! You're Solomon?"

The king immediately extended his arms out and made a sweeping gesture with his scepter. "Indeed, young man! I am none other than he, the wisest, most brilliant, and good-looking man to ever walk the Earth! Women clutch me tightly, men cower in fear, and children line up to hear tales of my accomplishments!"

"Ah. That's... nice," Hope said, looking unimpressed. "...Good to meet you. I guess."

Neil nodded. "I'm pleased to have the Wisdom King on our side. I know of your feats, your conquests. Napoleon spoke of his contact with you on many occasions, and Saul mentioned your taste in architecture once or twice."

Solomon's grandiose expression and body language melted away. A look of surprise appeared on his face. "Saul? My kingdom's lead architect? My nephew?! Is he alive?"

Neil nodded and smiled. "Indeed, Your Majesty. I will tell him you've arisen as soon as possible."

"Please do!" Solomon's expression turned giddy. "Incredible! I thought all the people from my era had perished, but one remains! I can't wait to see him again!"

Hope and Jason winced simultaneously. The knowledge that everyone they'd ever known from Earth was long-dead still kept them up at night, whether they wanted to admit it or not.

Solomon laughed, but Jason sighed.

"Um. Hope, Neil. I need to tell you two something. I, err, screwed up earlier."

Jason didn't want to come out and say this so awkwardly, but the longer he put it off, the worse it would sting.

Neil, Hope, and Solomon's smiles evaporated. Hope crossed his arms and frowned. "What's wrong?"

Jason gritted his teeth. "Look, uh, the moment Phoebe and I heard you returned from the battle with the Archangel, we drove over to the Core with Samantha. I arrived, but you guys weren't here. So... well, I used my Wordsmithing to find you."

Hope nodded slowly. The color began to drain from his face. "Yes... and?"

"I used the word, 'Locate.' I saw you two sitting at a bar. I was going to leave, but... I overheard something. I shouldn't have listened, but it caught my attention. It's terrible, I know, but-"

Neil interrupted him. "Pause. You _spied_ on us? Listened to our conversation?"

Hope glanced at Neil, then at Jason. His expression looked aghast. "What the hell, Jason! I can't believe you'd do that! I'd never snoop on you!"

"It was an accident," Jason said quickly. In the back of his mind, he groaned. _Somewhat of an accident, anyway._ "I didn't mean to overhear. You and Neil discussed Samantha, and I heard you saying she was a shapeshifter. That's all. I felt terrible I heard anything at all, but-"

"There's no _buts_!" Hope yelled. "That's messed up! What else did you hear?!"

"Nothing else. Like I said-"

Hope looked away and covered his eyes. "I... I wanted to tell you what Neil and I discussed as soon as I came back, but this is... I can't believe it. What a breach of privacy, Jason."

Neil shook his head in dismay. "Unbelievable."

A tinge of panic entered Jason's voice. "I only heard the one thing! I swear! Come on, Hope, you and I are identical! You'd never eavesdrop on someone intentionally, and neither would I! You know that!"

Hope shook his head. Slowly, he pulled his hand away from his face and gazed at it. "Are we, Jason?"

"Are we what?"

"The same person. Kar told me he could tell the two of us apart at a glance. We have the same face, but we're still different. I, for one, would never listen in on a private conversation."

Jason glanced at Solomon, looking for help. The king avoided Jason's gaze. _You're on your own, pal,_ his body language said.

Hope and Neil stayed quiet for a few moments. Hope swallowed audibly. "Christ. You can say whatever you want, Jason, but that was a huge breach of trust. Imagine if you came home and I was in bed with Phoebe. How would you feel?"

Jason lowered his eyes. "Like a knife in the stomach."

"Exactly. Don't use that 'identical twin' crap on me. We aren't the same. You and I lead different lives. Let's go, Neil. We came here for no reason, after all."

Hope and Neil shook their heads in dismay. Jason started to open his mouth but thought better of it.

_Maybe they overreacted... but can I blame them?_ Jason thought.

As the two walked away, Jason gazed inward to evaluate his actions. Neil and Hope were rapidly becoming good friends. Jason didn't know Neil very well, but he considered Phoebe to be his best friend. What if Hope had listened in on a private conversation between the two of them?

Jason would feel exactly the same way as Hope did, now — betrayed. He had to apologize later. He had to fix this.

Solomon whistled. "Pssseew... goodness. You bungled that conversation."

"No kidding. Fuck me, dude. I have to apologize to Samantha, Phoebe, and my fucking clone, now. I'm _such_ an asshole."

Solomon shook his head. "No. You're a child. You may have the powers of a legendary Hero, but everything I see indicates you have much to learn. Everyone makes mistakes, Jason."

He looked away. His voice tightened. "Everyone."

"Including you?"

Several moments passed before Solomon replied. "Especially me. Heroes live a lonely life. I had many women, the favor of the gods, incredible intelligence, and good looks... and somehow I managed to ruin everything with one careless act. It took me thirty years to correct my blunder. I died before I finished."

"What happened?"

Solomon looked away. "I don't want to talk about it."

"Sorry."

The king glanced down at his hands. He sighed. "To err is to be human. Those who possess power also possess the capacity to blunder a thousand times worse than the average man. Be exuberant that you need only apologize to amend your situation. Your feelings now will be nothing compared to those felt when you commit an irreparable error."

Solomon smiled listlessly. "Indeed. Once you commit a cardinal sin, you will no longer be the same person. There's no turning back from a mistake like mine."

Unease crept from Jason's stomach into his throat, like a wraith reaching up to slowly snuff his life out.

"You know what? I won't wait. I'm going to apologize to my wife and Samantha right now. I won't put it off."

As Jason stood up, Solomon nodded. "A wise choice."

Jason walked toward the warp-gate to Tarus II, and Solomon floated along beside him.

"Say, Jason, bit of a random question here, but on a scale of 1-10, how attractive would you say your wife is?"

"Eleven or twelve. Why?"

Solomon pursed his lips. "You're in luck, my boy. I have a way with the ladies. Leave the talking to the professional."

Jason nodded silently. Inside his mind, he thought to himself, _this won't end well._

Solomon glared at him. "I heard that."

"Sorry."
