Phoebe's heart pounded like a thousand galloping stallions. The women quickly shuffled into her house, but only after Phoebe shut the door did a faint feeling of relief wash over her.

A panic attack immediately followed.

Trembling violently, Phoebe clutched her chest, gasping for breath as sweat and terror drenched her body. She shivered and muttered incomprehensibly, before falling to her knees. When she came to, the demoness at the front of the line was straining to get closer to her, with the one behind her being as accommodating as possible, given the circumstances.

"Fleshbag? Are you okay? What's wrong?"

Phoebe blinked. "I... I'm... scared. I disobeyed the king. We're all going to die. They'll behead me. I'm evil. I betrayed my people."

Phoebe babbled rapidly, releasing her pent-up emotions upon the unwitting demoness. However, the succubus merely nodded without passing judgment.

"You're not evil; you're brave. Never thought I'd see the day when a human would save us from other humans."

Phoebe pulled herself up and fumbled for the key she took from the jail cell. She unhooked each demon's bindings but stopped short of removing their leg and arm shackles. "I have to keep these on until we leave the city. It won't do to have you all unbound in the back of the wagon. The guards will be suspicious."

The succubus nodded. "A sound idea. I'd rather free myself and try to escape now, but I can't repay your kindness with selfishness. Not when those animals still have Merle and Hana locked down in those hellish dungeons."

Phoebe nodded. She unlocked the little girl's restraints, then walked over to her closet and grabbed a blouse. "I won't parade women nude through the city. We'd be begging for trouble. Everyone, come here and take my clothes. I'll fetch blankets from upstairs for the rest of you."

The small house, barely more than a few rooms, teemed with life as the women passed clothing from one to the next, sighing when they couldn't get any of their arms through the sleeves. Phoebe returned to undo and redo each of the women's bindings one after the other, allowing them to put the shirts and pants on comfortably.

A drop of sweat rolled down her back. _Percival... it's been over half an hour. Where are you?_ Phoebe thought.

The little girl, Ose, sniffled. "Big brother... they're both gone. I'm... I'm never gonna see them again."

Phoebe walked over and hugged the girl, trying to comfort her. "No. I'll do what I can to help the men. My life is already forfeit at this point. I won't let your brother die, little one."

A sudden pounding at the door made every person in the cottage jump in fright. Phoebe drew her sword and held it behind her back, nodding at the women to make them stay out of sight. Only when she cracked open the door and spotted Percival standing in the doorway did she relax slightly.

Percival jerked his head from left to right. "Are they all here? Did anyone see you?"

Phoebe nodded, then shook her head. "Yes, they are. No... I don't think anyone did. Thank you, Percival. Leave, before anyone sees you here. I don't want you getting involved beyond this. You're a wonderful knight."

"Shut up. Get the whores out here and loaded into the covered wagon. I'm going with you."

Phoebe shook her head. "No! You can't! My life is already over! Don't throw yours away, too!"

"I'll throw away whatever I damn well please." Percival eyed Phoebe silently for a moment. "I told you. I'm not helping the bloody demons. I'm saving you, Phoebe. After we release these women, I want you to flee with me. I have a relative outside Camelot's borders. He'll take us in."

Phoebe shook her head. "I won't. I'm going to submit to the crown for my punishment afterward. I can't live with my betrayal of His Majesty."

Percival gritted his teeth. "God... damned... woman. Confound you. We don't have time to argue. Ladies! Get out here, on the double. The guard shifts will be changing at high-noon at the border gates. We have to leave before Sir Lorgon arrives. No way he'll let us pass."

Phoebe's face whitened. _Sir Lorgon?! I forgot about him. He hates demons more than just about anyone else. He lost his wife and daughter to them._ Phoebe thought.

Phoebe quickly looked back and beckoned at the demonesses peeking around the corner. "Come quickly."

The women nodded and shuffled out as fast as their feet could move. Phoebe took the little girl in her arms and hoisted her into the wagon parked mere feet from her door, obscuring her house entrance from prying eyes.

Percival helped each woman up, barely giving a passing glance at their ill-fitting and often embarrassingly revealing clothes. Instead, he stole glances at Phoebe now and then.

Once everyone entered the wagon, Percival closed the front and back, hiding the cowering women from prying eyes. "If anyone looks inside, make yourselves look as pitiful and weak as possible. Pretend you've already suffered terribly in the dungeon."

They nodded in unison. _Simple enough,_ their eyes said. _It wouldn't be a lie._

Percival and Phoebe climbed into the wagon's front. Only now did she take the time to look around. Several people were playing horseshoes across the distance, but they didn't seem to notice the covered wagon.

"Percival, please. Leave. You've done enough for me already."

"I won't," he said matter-of-factly. "If there are two Knights of the Round, that will legitimize our leaving the castle with thirty demon prisoners. If it's just you, a woman, they might question your sensibilities."

Phoebe blushed. She looked away, unable to meet his gaze. "Th-thank you... Sir Percival. You're too kind."

"No." The man took the reins, and the horses started walking. "I'm selfish. I'm only doing this because I... toward you... I feel..."

"I must remain chaste," Phoebe said, cutting him off. "We can't. I vowed to the Mother of the Lord."

Percival clamped his mouth shut. He ran a hand through his windswept blonde hair. "So you say."

...

Both Knights of the Round rode in silence toward the city gate. Minutes passed. Phoebe's anxiety increased as they drew nearer and nearer. _It's a trap. It's a trap._ Phoebe thought.

Finally, the city gate appeared in the distance. The wall surrounding Camelot, made of stone and steel, stood a mere fifteen-feet tall, but with a wagon-full of chained women, it might as well be a mile high.

"Let me do the talking," Percival muttered. "You look like you're about to have a panic attack."

Phoebe clutched her hands into fists. "Last chance, Percival."

"Mhm."

The man didn't bat an eye.

The guards up ahead turned and spotted the wagon coming. They held up their spears to stop the horses. "Whoa, whoa! Hey there, Sir Percival, Lady Berthold! You headed somewhere?"

Percival nodded, forming his face into steel. "We are. I'm taking a batch of the blood-skins we recently captured to a holding facility just outside of Camelot. Dungeon's too full for them right now."

"Zat so?" The black-haired guard swaggered over to the rear of the cart and flipped it open. "Huh. They're all women. Why're you taking all the whores out of the city?"

Percival didn't bat an eye. "I only do what the King and Sir Gallant ordered. He kept a few of the prettiest ones for himself. You might even get to have a taste if you pop over after your shift."

The guard sucked air through his teeth and glanced at the sun. "Oooh, shiet! You're right! It's goddamn near high-noon! I might be able to break some backs and call in a few favors. If these babes are the ugly ones, I can't wait to see the cute ones!"

The succubus flinched as she realized what his words meant. _My sisters..._ She thought.

Closing the rear curtain, the guardsman sauntered to the front. "Hokay then! Don't have too much fun on the way over! And for you, Lady Berthold, don't let this scoundrel take any extended breaks, hahaha! Lord only knows the moaning will drive you-"

Percival glared ice at the guardsman. "Are you done belching words yet?"

"Uhh..." The man nodded dumbly at the imposing knight decked out in full platemail. "Y-yeah. Sorry." He shuffled awkwardly over to the other guards. "Alright, let 'em through."

The horses _clopped_ across the ground as the guards swung open a gate for them. "Take care!"

Phoebe and Percival nodded in unison, forcing themselves not to appear relieved.

Only once the gates slammed shut behind them, and half a mile passed, did the two knights finally sag their shoulders.

"Heavens." Phoebe shivered. "That was terrifying. How did you keep your calm?"

Percival stared ahead blankly for a few moments. Then, he turned his head toward the white-haired woman. "I pissed myself."

"Y-you did?" Phoebe's eyes slowly lowered to his lower region.

"Mhm. I'll need new trousers when we reach my relative's house."

Phoebe turned to gaze ahead, and a moment later, she chuckled. She started with a quiet snicker but soon erupted into roaring laughter as she slapped her knee and guffawed at the top of her lungs. "Hahahaha!!!"

Percival joined in, and the two of them howled and poked each other cutely, ignoring the demons peeping through the front flaps to see what was so funny.

Two miles passed. Then three. Phoebe glanced back and sighed in relief at the distant walls of Camelot. "We'll go on foot from here. It shouldn't take long for the dungeon keepers to alert the city guards."

Percival didn't slow the horse. "Do you trust these demons? You'll have to remove their collars. You don't know how dangerous demons are, Lady Berthold. You have yet to see what they can do."

Phoebe twirled a few hairs around her finger. "I saved their lives. Do you think they'd stab me in the back now? Have you no faith?"

Percival's gaze lowered. "You're too trusting. Demons are evil. No matter how sweet or innocent they may appear, they are irredeemable."

"And humans are better?" A tinge of anger appeared on Phoebe's face. "What I saw in those dungeons was a horror unlike anything else. Demon or not, they look like us, yet we treat them worse than animals. You act as if they're subhumans."

"Tch." Percival pulled on the reins, slowing the horses to a stop. "If you're resolute in your beliefs, release the she-devils. Do what you wish. My life is already forfeit, as is yours."

Phoebe didn't reply. She pulled open the flap, then climbed inside. The demons looked away, having heard the conversation the knights just shared. A sensation of shame and despair washed over the group.

The little girl stared up at Phoebe. "Do you think demons and humans can be friends?"

Phoebe nodded, kissing the child on her forehead. "I do, precious one."

"But... but humans took my brothers..."

"Not all humans are like that." Phoebe sighed. "Most are, though. I'm sorry. I wish we could all get along."

The succubus nodded. "As do I."

Phoebe unshackled everyone in the cart. They rubbed their sore wrists and ankles, relieved that their captivity was behind them. Phoebe paused for a moment, then removed the first Cursed Necklace from the little girl. A small static shock made her recoil, but she quickly moved on and continued releasing each of the remaining demons. Within a few minutes, she finished freeing everyone.

Phoebe clambered past the demons to head for the front, but the Succubus grabbed her wrist. "Wait. Human. Before we leave, kneel down."

Phoebe eyed the succubus quizzically but did as she was asked. To her surprise, the demoness pulled Phoebe's head in close and planted a passionate kiss on her mouth.

"Mgmm?!" Phoebe pushed away from the demon, a look of surprise on her face. "W-what?! Why? Th-that's forbidden!"

The succubus smiled and rubbed her two little horns. "I don't care about your human laws. All I care about is you. You've saved us all, and awoken a passion in me I haven't felt before. I'll see to it that you're welcome among my sisters any time."

Phoebe nodded dumbly. "I... I see. Thank you... I... suppose..."

She stumbled forward into the front cabin. Percival raised an eyebrow. "Are you okay? Did they hurt you?"

"No. I don't... think so." Phoebe's eyes lowered. "Let's get a move-"

Behind them, in the distance, a horn blew from the city's watchtower.

_Bwaaaaaaah._

Phoebe's blood turned to ice. "We have to run! They're pursuing us!"

All the demons leaped out of the rear of the cart at once. One of the women gathered the others around and made a few motions with her hands. "I'm summoning a faint mirage around us. My illusion magic is weak, but it will throw off any hounds. Let's go!"

Phoebe watched as the demon women fled toward the forest a few miles away. Each demon glanced at her for only a moment, then they all took off, fleeing for their lives.

Percival leaped into action, loosing two of the horses. "You take the mare. I'll take the stallion. Let's go!"

The white-haired woman didn't move. Instead, she continued to gaze at the backs of the demon women as they fled for their lives. "No. I told you. I'll submit to my punishment honorably. No matter what His Majesty does to me, I will not walk the path of a coward. What I did was just. I will plead my case."

Percival blanched. "Lady Berthold! If you go back, they won't allow you to plead for anything! We committed treason! It's beheadings or the gallows for both of us!"

A rock formed in Phoebe's throat, one that wouldn't dissolve no matter how hard she swallowed. "King Arthur is a just man. He will spare me. I believe in him. He will force me to slave in the fields for the rest of my life, or throw me in the dungeon until I die... but he will not execute me."

Phoebe climbed off the cart and turned her back to Percival. "Farewell, Sir Percival. Leave and save yourself. This is my burden to bear."

"Phoebe..."

Percival's voice cracked. Tears rolled down his face.

"Don't go. Please. _Please._ I beg you."

Phoebe ignored him and began walking toward the city. Her boots crunched against the loose dirt and twigs lining the well-traveled road. Her eyes gazed ahead, imagining the future.

She smiled. _At the least, I succeeded. I released those poor women. God will look upon me favorably. Even if the king punishes me to a life in prison... even if the guards ravage me in place of the demons... I know my choice was correct._ Phoebe thought.

Another voice in her head spoke. _Was it? You released demons! They are God's mortal enemy. Your countrymen will hang you... as you deserve._ Phoebe thought.

Something grabbed Phoebe's arm. She turned around in surprise to see Percival, tears in his eyes.

"I love you, Phoebe. I won't leave you to die alone. I'll return with you. I'll be honorable and strong... just... just as you are. I won't let you face the gallows by yourself."

Phoebe inhaled, seeing the passion in his eyes. "Percival..."

In the distance, horse hooves galloping toward them made the two knights stiffen. Phoebe and Percival turned to face their doom; their faces pale with terror.

"We could still flee," Percival offered, though he could see the riders approaching now.

"No. It's too late. We will accept our fates nobly, Sir Percival."

They stood in silence as the army of a hundred strong drew near, confusion on some of their faces. The cavalry eventually slowed to a stop, their horses kicking up dust toward Phoebe and Percival.

A vicious-looking man with a full beard stared down at the two silent warriors. _Sir Lorgon._ The rage of his face rippled through the air. "Bald-faced traitors! Where are the demon whores?!"

Phoebe didn't back down. "I released them. The women don't deserve the horrors of the dungeon. We shall return to the castle and allow His Majesty to sentence us for our crimes."

Lorgon's teeth ground together. "You _dare_ humiliate my brother, Sir Gallant the Brave, yet think I'll allow you to live?! Traitors die where they stand!"

He made a quick motion with his fingers, and two riders raised their bows at Phoebe and Percival.

Percival gasped. "What? No! The King-"

"There is no king here, foolish broad! I have the right to sentence two demon-lovers to death! FIRE!"

Phoebe's eyes widened as the arrows flew from their bows toward her. Time crawled in slow motion as she passively waited for her death to arrive. Instead, something massive shoved her out of the way. A choked wheeze erupted from Percival's lips as he jumped in front of her. An arrow lanced into his chest, sentencing him to certain death.

The knight stumbled backward and landed on top of Phoebe, stunned, as his eyes lurched to the arrows in his gut. "G-guh! Muh-hurk!"

Sir Lorgon snarled. "Hah! The brave aristocrat wishes to die protecting his harlot. Give him what he wishes. Fire!"

"Nooo!" Phoebe screamed in terror as Percival's body spasmed. Two more arrows plunged into his chest. When the archers nocked two more, something unexpected happened. All of the horses in the troop began to buck and whinney in terror.

One of the Privates cried out in alarm. "What in god's name?! Something's got the mares spooked!"

Phoebe stared at the back of Percival's head as he lay on top of her, his arms spread out protectively. Warm blood trickled from his chest, wrapped around his body, and spilled onto her light, leathery armor. "Percival... Percival..."

"Ph... Phoeb... e..."

From across the field, a blur of motion caught one cavalryman's attention, even as his horse kicked and bucked. "O-over there! In the grass! What is- GWAH!"

A flash of green leaped from the grass, tore the youth from his saddle, and jumped away, dragging the poor bastard into the dense grass on the opposite side of the road.

Lorgon's eyes widened. "To arms! Abandon these damned horses!" He dismounted and landed on the ground, smacking his steed's ass to send it running away before drawing his sword. The other men quickly followed suit.

The screams of their fellow soldier in the field, loud at first, suddenly went silent. A sensation of terror appeared in their minds.

The creature, animal, monster, or _whatever_ it was, leaped from the tall grass again.

"Look out!"

A man yelled and raised his shield, but the monster, a terrifying human-shaped crocodile, smashed against it, shattered the man's arm in fifteen places, and slammed him into the ground. The green-scaled monster whipped its bladed tail in a horizontal motion and sliced five other men in half before they could react.

"F-form a circle! Attack its weak spots!" Lorgon bellowed orders quickly, having more battle experience than the troops from the city, soldiers that Phoebe herself trained not a summer before.

"What weak spots?! AAAUGH!" A man exploded into a puddle of gore as the lizard-like monster roared angrily. "Flee! Flee before the might of Agares!"

On the other side of the men, opposite the Duke of Reptiles, a wolf howled. From the distant forest, a four-legged creature with fifty eyes bolted from its cover, dashing across the fields at speeds one would be hard-pressed to follow with their eyes. The creature, a _Hellhound_, moved at thrice the speed of a cheetah, tearing up the ground during its mad dash. The flesh-rending razor-sharp teeth in its mouth, capable of tearing apart the finest steel armor in the world, shined menacingly as the horrific monster charged the poorly grouped-up defensive line.

Lorgon's eyes bulged. "Brace for impact!!!"

_BOOM_. The Hellhound battered the wall of troops, sending them flying. Bones snapped, shattered, and twisted. Men rained from the sky. Before they could hit the ground, the monster leaped into the air and tore them apart ruthlessly.

Agares laughed. "Excellent work, Lucifer!"

"Shut up! Kill! Tear!" The female hellhound unleashed her ravenous claws upon the defenseless troops, sending them rushing away in a panic. Her claws shredded their steel armor like wet paper.

Phoebe stared at the two demons in terror as Percival's eyes fluttered shut. She turned to look at him. "P-Percival... stay with me. Stay alive!"

The knight smiled. "Phoebe... won't you say... you love me? Just this once? Just... just this..."

Percival took his last breath. His soul left him, and his body slumped against the woman he loved. Phoebe stared in silent horror. Then, her eyes returned to the two demons. When they drew near, she whimpered.

Agares leaned down. "White hair. Is she the one?"

The hellhound stalked over to Phoebe, its monstrous face and smoky-black skin sending terror through her body. All fifty of its eyes locked onto her.

_Sniff. Sniff._ "I smell the scent of our brothers. She is the one the child spoke of. She will take us to our comrades."

Phoebe's lip quivered. "Who...? What?"

"Devil's sake, Lucifer. She's petrified." Agares delivered a bone-crushing kick to a soldier trying to crawl away, flinging the man hundreds of feet. The distant _whump_ of his body impacting the ground signaled his demise.

Lucifer's animal body began to shift and morph. Within moments, she returned to her demonic form, and all Phoebe could do was stare with a mixture of trepidation and awe.

_These two are Demon Emperors?!_ Phoebe thought.

Lucifer's muscular body and dark red skin contrasted with the tight black leather she wore. Hundreds of razor-sharp teeth lined her mouth, but Phoebe's eyes stared mostly at four massive breasts, each one the size of a cow's udders. Coupled with her wolverine claw-like hands, the demon woman appeared to be a mixture of several species of animals.

When Lucifer turned to look at Phoebe, a third eye emerged on her forehead and locked onto the human. The eye, Phoebe noted, had several circular rings and was shaped like an archery target, with a red pupil smack in the center. "You're lucky, fleshbag. You saved my sisters. Were it not for that; I'd tear you apart like the rest of your kind. Get up!"

The demoness flung Percival to the side and yanked Phoebe up roughly by her arm. Phoebe whimpered at the demon's powerful grip. "Aaaoo! You're hurting me! Let me go! I need to bury-"

"What are you blabbering about?" Lucifer raised her claws to strike Phoebe. "Take us to the dungeon! I will see my brothers freed, or your life will be-"

"Lucifer!" Agares bellowed, silencing the woman. "Calm yourself. Save your rage for those worth fighting. Use your nose and eye. What can this weak little girl do for us? We don't need her. We'll save our comrades ourselves."

Lucifer scowled at the reptile, but lowered her claw and released Phoebe anyway. "Tch. I don't need a _Duke_ to give me orders."

"Got something to say?" Agares hissed, shooting her a look of disdain. "I can't wait to hear it."

Lucifer rolled her eyes. "You always play the sympathy card."

The Demon Emperor of Providence leaned toward Phoebe and sniffed like a mad hound. Then, Lucifer grabbed the top of Phoebe's head and forced the human to look into her third eye.

An impression of weightlessness enveloped Phoebe for a moment, making her feel as though she was starting to float into the air. The sensation vanished abruptly when Lucifer tossed the human aside like a ragdoll.

_Crack._

Phoebe landed fifteen feet away and nearly broke her arm when she hit the dirt. "Aahhn..."

Lucifer didn't give the human a passing glance. She turned to look at Agares. "Found them. Our brothers are trapped inside a dungeon adjacent to the castle. You'll have to slow down Arthur and his knights. I'll rescue our men."

Phoebe stared wordlessly as the two demons bickered, ignoring her entirely.

"You expect me to handle the Hero-King?! You're the Third Emperor! You fight him, and _I'll_ rescue the prisoners. Besides, your hellhounds will fare better against his knights."

Lucifer hissed at the lizard. "Fine, scared little frog. Send your critters into the catacombs and rescue our warriors. Time's running short. Based on what I saw, they've already killed at least a few of our kin. I won't let the filthy fleshbags embarrass us, not today!"

Before the two demons moved to run away, Lucifer swiveled her head and glared bloody daggers at Phoebe. "You've been spared. Should we ever meet again, expect death. I hate the stench of your kind."

Turning away, the demoness morphed once again into her fifty-eyed demonic-dog form and howled. From the forest, a chorus of other animals wailed in return.

Phoebe shuddered as thirty massive Hellhounds, all shaped like the Demon Emperor, came bursting out of the trees toward her. Lucifer growled at Agares. "Come on, then! Let's go!"

She and the lizard-demon dashed away, tearing apart a few straggling soldiers in their path.

Many minutes passed.

Eventually, Phoebe turned to stare at Percival's cooling corpse. She crawled over to him and rested his head in her lap. The light in his eyes, now gone, made a chorus of memories wash over her.

She remembered all the times he would rub her muscles after her training, or when he would offer excuses for her tardiness at the Round Table. She remembered the side-glances he gave her when they sat beside each other at the Round Table, as well as the time when he covertly left a rose beside her bed when she fell sick with the flu.

Phoebe wept uncontrollably. _Percival. You always looked out for me. How did I repay you? How did I repay my king? I betrayed you and him both. Now a horde of demons descends on Camelot. What... what am I supposed to do? Everyone put their faith in me... but... but I..._ Phoebe thought.

Phoebe buried her face in Percival's neck and sobbed for several minutes as she pressed him close. Distant screams from the city rattled her mind. So did the horrible howls of the Hellhounds tearing villagers apart.

She eventually pulled herself back together and cradled his head for a few moments longer. Standing up, she lifted his heavy body, exerting her toned muscles with all her strength. She walked a few hundred feet away and laid him on the ground, then drew her sword, hacked at the dirt, and slowly carved out a pit.

Her tears didn't stop. She dug and dug and dug until finally she had torn up enough ground to make a shallow grave. Gently, she placed her comrade's body in the dirt, staring at him for only a moment before piling the soil on top.

She jammed her sword into the ground at the head of his grave, then got up, and slowly walked over to the wagon and horses.

_I have nowhere to go. Nowhere to call home. I'm no knight. I'm a failure. I betrayed my people for the sake of demons._ Phoebe thought.

She unhooked both horses, keeping only one for herself.

_I will wander these lands. I will fast until I find death atop a mountain. Death by starvation. A fitting punishment for a sinner such as I._ Phoebe thought.

She rattled the reins and nudged the horse to go forward, hardening herself to the cries behind her.

_Survive, Arthur. Never forgive me._ Phoebe thought.

............................................

Phoebe didn't meet Jason's eyes. She stared at the ground for several long moments.

"So, you see, Jason... I failed everyone. That's all I am, nothing but a failure. I've never killed anyone in my entire life, but I stabbed my king and my nation in the back. I couldn't protect everyone from Beelzebub's attack. I'm nothing but a useless, pathetic, weak woman."

Jason swallowed, unsure how to reply. Several moments passed. He decided to hug Phoebe. "You're not a failure. You made a hard decision. The way I see it, those demons would have attacked the city anyway. They were there to free their captured comrades. All you did was save thirty innocents."

Phoebe shook her head, wiping her face against Jason's chest. She pushed him away. "That's not true, Jason! Don't you see? Percival died because of me! All that happened thanks to my betrayal was death and suffering!"

"I don't think so." Jason pondered her story and its implications. "Look, the humans were torturing those demons. Your gut told you to save the women because you care about everyone equally. What if you had left them there to die? Would you feel better about respecting your king if it meant such acts of barbarism could continue? You sacrificed your standing with Arthur to save lives."

An odd feeling dawned on Jason. "Hell... you're better at self-sacrifice than I am. I couldn't surrender my morality to kill Amelia. Hoarhiim had to do it for me. You made an impossible decision. Besides, you don't know that Arthur would have punished you. Maybe he would have been lenient."

"He wouldn't." Phoebe's voice held a note of finality. "You don't understand how much humans hated demons in those days. How much they still do."

Jason reached over and took her hand in his. "Perhaps not. I didn't know the guy, so I can only guess at his thoughts."

Phoebe smiled faintly. "As I said, I saw him during the battle on Polaris. My heart nearly stopped. I wanted to ask him... ask him how he felt, and if he hated me."

"What if he did?" Jason countered. "Would you have killed yourself? Don't you think that after 100,000 years, you can forgive some of your past? Nobody's perfect, Phoebe. Not you, not Arthur... certainly not me. Compared to Amelia, you're a saint, and I still believe she could have repented for her wickedness..."

Jason's voice trailed off as Amelia appeared in his mind again. Phoebe noticed, of course, and blushed.

"Sorry. I hate that we keep returning to Amelia," Jason said. "The sadness on your face hurts me as well."

"No, no, it's not your fault. It's mine. I'm telling you to forgive yourself, but here I am still tearing myself apart." Phoebe chuckled. "Haha... to be fair, my past is distant. Yours is recent. You've barely had time to heal. Perhaps we both have something to learn."

"Yeah."

They stared at each other for several moments.

Jason looked away. "So, uh... that Percival guy. Blonde hair and blue eyes. Just like Arthur. Just like me."

Jason could almost hear the smoke coming from Phoebe's ears as her face turned crimson. "J-just a coincidence."

"Maybe. Someone told me about fate recently. Maybe there are no flukes in nature, you know? Perhaps everything happens for a reason."

When Jason turned back to Phoebe, her smile was gone. "Did Percival die for a reason, then? Did Arthur?"

Sighing, Jason pulled away from her and aimed his mind a short distance away. "I don't know, Phoebe. Sometimes death is senseless. It has no reason or rhyme. People die, and you can't save them, no matter how you try."

The Crown of Solomon activated as Jason formed several mental images. "**Truck!**"

Before them, an exact copy of Phoebe's ten-ton monster-truck appeared in midair, then slammed into the ground.

Phoebe smiled. "You remembered."

"Of course, I did. I love you too much to forget."

She stuck her tongue out. "I love you more."

"I know."

She smacked Jason's arm. "That's not what you're supposed to say!"

"I know."

"Jason!"

"Haha, I'm joshing around. C'mon, let's go for a drive."

The two of them walked over and climbed in her truck, but before she nudged the accelerator, Phoebe blushed and smiled at Jason.

"I love you, Jason."

Jason smiled back.

"I love you too. Forever and always."
