Part 369: His True Identity
Part 369: His True Identity

On the western side of the Fortress of Retribution's plateau, a brand new hospital, reconstructed from the ground-up after the attack by Yama during Stormbringer, glimmers like a breath of fresh air. While it was once a fairly simple and utilitarian square brick structure in the past, now it is a heavily reinforced crystalline building with plenty of greenery built into it to make it feel warm, cheerful, and refreshing.

With anti-Shade defenses built into its innate structure, the Healing Center erases the old, ugly utilitarian aesthetic of the former Hero City to make way for something resembling a greenhouse, or an arboretum. Sunlight shines through the ceiling to stimulate thousands of plants growing along the hospital's walls, adding plenty of color to the place. Flower buds bloom year-round, and plenty of people come and sit inside the hospital to meditate or engage with others.

Despite the fact that human society has quickly reached a high level of safety and peace, the hospital's staff still have plenty of work to do when it comes to healing those who are sick and injured. Infrequent construction accidents can sometimes cause people's limbs to get crushed, broken, or otherwise mutilated, but with the best healer in the Seven Hells available, these wounds typically don't prove troublesome.

Additionally, many people end up overtaxing their bones and internal organs through the usage of Body Boosters. Besides Belial herself, plenty of hospital staff, including Doctor Fathy and Rosalia, learn how to treat these cases by venting away the excess mana and healing the injured.

Most surprisingly, thanks to the swift empowerment of demons through the Belial Booster, a few new demons, primarily from the Hell of Lust, gain healing abilities only a bit inferior to those possessed by Belial herself! Two incubi and one other succubi join the hospital, all of them extremely talented at healing, but each with their own specialties.

For the first time in well over 100,000 years, a demon skilled at healing brain injuries appears, making up for Belial's weakness. This fellow, an incubi going by the name of Leeroy, the Duke of Restoration, possesses the power to return people's lost memories, repair damage caused by dementia, and otherwise alleviate pain that would otherwise traumatize them while they wait for a doctor specialized in handling other injuries.

Leeroy quickly becomes popular at the Healing Center, not only due to his strong healing abilities, but his gentle and kind bedside manner. The thin, waifish fellow also possesses a unique trait in that he is not an ordinary demon, but a Satyr! As a member of a rare demonic sub-species with greyish skin, blue eyes, and horns which jut six inches out of his head and spiral downward, he draws plenty of glances from men and women alike. His good looks only make him that much more appealing to all his patients.

"Doctor Leeroy," Says one of his assistants, a Demon Lord who recently joined the hospital. "We have a man who was rushed in. A stray brick fell from three stories up and struck his hard-hat. It broke through the metal and knocked him unconscious."

Doctor Leeroy wears a black labcoat, as do the other high-ranking officials of the hospital, including Belial, while their assistants wear white. His slender nose, thin body, and longer-than-usual fingers give him the appearance of a dainty, scholar-like demon boy.

"Thank you, Shelley. I'll go and see him right away."

Leeroy glides through the Healing Center's halls, casually eying the pretty flowers growing on the walls. A small army of groundskeepers maintain the shrubbery, trimming their leaves, watering them, and otherwise ensuring they don't grow into places they shouldn't.

He arrives inside a trauma room where he finds Emperor Belial standing beside a human man as he lays on a hospital bed. No obvious wounds appear on his body, not even his head, thanks to Belial's quick work.

"Leeroy." Belial says with a nod. "He had some internal bleeding which I managed to stop, but approximately forty percent of his neurons in these three areas have suffered extensive damage."

She gestures to an X-ray of the man's skull.

"Here, here, and here. It's simple blunt force trauma. And if you look at the base of his skull, you can see his head suffered whiplash from the impact, which injured..."

She quickly explains the situation to Leeroy, who smiles and nods.

"I see. This should be a simple matter to solve. I'll take it from here, Doctor Samantha."

Not long after, Leeroy directs his healing energy into the man's skull and brain. It takes him much more time, over two hours in total, to repair all the damage and ensure no long-term effects. Unlike bodily injuries, which Belial can restore fairly quickly, brain injuries are extremely complex and not even Leeroy can instantly solve them with a wave of his hand.

Once he finishes, Belial comes back into the room. She and Leeroy help the man up, and he spends several minutes thanking them profusely for saving his life. As a newly arrived refugee from Hell, the man has never encountered such amazing things as the human-built technology and infrastructure on Tarus II. To him, the world is even more magical than actual magic performed by demons.

"Thank you, thank you, Miss Samantha!" The man exclaims. "You truly saved my hiney! This former slave is in your debt!"

"Don't thank me," Belial laughs. "I only took care of some minor flesh and bone trauma. It was Leeroy here who truly brought you back to the world of the living!"

The man quickly thanks Leeroy too. Some time later, he leaves, and Samantha and Leeroy find themselves in a rare lull without any patients to attend.

"Great work." Belial says, gently resting her hand on Leeroy's shoulder. "I'm always amazed at how skillfully you manage to heal people. When it comes to a brain, you are truly the master, and I'm not even an apprentice."

"Haha, thank you, Samantha." Leeroy says. "But I think your all-encompassing healing is even better. I am truly envious that you only have one weakness when it comes to patching people up. If it's not brain-related, I'm useless!"

After the two of them finish chatting, Leeroy departs to hang out in the lobby. As for Belial, she heads to the restroom to clean up her face. She turns on the sink and washes away her sweat and grime with warm water, continuously marveling at the human invention which brings water from a distant location to the hospital.

While a simple matter for most humans to understand, the complex systems of gravity, water pressure, and other such things seem like alien technology to demons. In all the Hells, only a few human-built residences on Hell Harbor hold any sort of indoor plumbing. Were it not for people like Benjamin Brown possessing knowledge of Old Humanity's ways, the demons would have entirely lost that art a hundred thousand years ago, when Earth fell.

After Belial finishes freshening up, she turns to leave the bathroom, only to pause in her tracks when she sees someone at the doorway, awkwardly standing and staring at her.

"Mmm? Kiari! How are you?"

The Duke of Locusts shuffles on her feet and smiles at Belial, clearly not wanting to bug her, or at least, that's how it first seems.

"Hey, Samantha. I don't want to be a bother, but um... I picked up an old man recently and... his situation is a little... _sensitive_. I was wondering if you could come with me to my place? His arms have really bad injuries, and I need your help to fix them."

"You can't bring him here?" Belial asks.

"I can... but I shouldn't." Kiari says. "You'll understand when you see him."

Seeing the strange look on Kiari's face, Belial raises an eyebrow, but doesn't retort.

"Well, alright. I shouldn't have any patients for an hour or two since all the construction workers are going on break. Let's head to your place. I haven't talked to Saul since before Stormbringer."

Belial starts to walk to the door, but before she can reach it, Kiari blushes.

"Um, eh, can you change our appearances before we go?"

"Huh?" Belial says. "Change our... are you hiding something from someone, Kiari?"

"Just... please, Sammy?" Kiari says, not answering the Emperor of Passion's question.

After a moment, Belial sighs. "Fine, fine. You're sure acting strange, though."

Belial changes her appearance and dampens her Emperor aura. At the same time, she casts a bit of illusion magic on Kiari. The two of them turn into random male demons and stroll out the front door, with no bystanders bothering to pay attention to them.

These days, even Phoebe cannot possibly remember the names and faces of all the humans on Tarus II, let alone the demons, monsters, and other sorts. Most people are grossly inferior to her in the facial recognition department, too.

After Belial and Kiari leave the hospital behind them, the higher-ranking of the two glances at her friend doubtfully.

"So. What's with all the secrecy? This isn't like you."

Kiari laughs awkwardly. "Ahaha... um, it's complicated. You know Rosalia?"

"Of course. She was one of the first demons to step foot on Tarus II." Belial says. "She had a bit of an attitude at first, but she's improved a lot in the past few months. Why?"

"Well... it's like this."

Saul's home is surprisingly close to the Healing Center. With both places being on the western side of the Fortress of Retribution, all the two women need to do is drop off the plateau and walk half a mile to Saul's log cabin.

As they walk, Kiari explains her uncovering of Beelzebub to Belial. However, she only states that Rosalia was holding an old man in her basement, not anything to do with Beelzebub's claimed identity. Not only does she not believe he's even Beelzebub in the first place, but she also wants to see Belial's reaction to 'Robert' without priming her to look for similarities to the former Duke of Inferno.

"That's... that's so strange!" Belial exclaims, as they near Saul and Kiari's cabin. "You wouldn't expect Rosalia to capture some random old man. What kind of psycho is she?! Is that why you wanted to hide your identity? Were you afraid of her?"

"Oh, I'm not afraid of her, since she's only a Grunt..." Kiari says, pausing to shift her eyebrows. "It's more that, ahh... I'm not sure about something. Before you jump down Rosalia's throat, just know the situation might be a little complicated. I'm hoping your eyes prove my fears wrong!"

Once again, Belial stares at Kiari with confusion in her gaze. "You are acting _so_ odd today."

"Ahaha... I have my reasons." Kiari mumbles. "You'll understand soon."

The Duke of Locusts leads her fellow Emperor up to the cabin's front door. Upon seeing his girlfriend outside, Saul opens the door and smiles. "Honey, you're back already. And hello, Samantha!"

"Hi, Saul. Long time, no see." Belial says, reaching over to give him a light hug. "Where's the patient?"

"Right this way." Saul says, leading Belial into his living room.

They step into the somewhat dark room, where only the midday sunlight illuminates the interior. Unlike all the fancy apartments and other complexes being built around the city, Saul's log cabin is relatively old fashioned, with no electricity, only running water. At night, he usually illuminates the interior by lighting a fire in his fireplace, or through hanging lanterns.

Even so, and even if it were pitch-black in the dead of night, Belial's demonic vision would prove astoundingly perceptive. She easily makes out the figure of a frail, haggard-looking old man. Visible marks on his wrists give her an indication of how Rosalia handcuffed him in her basement. At the same time, Belial also pays attention to his malnourished body. He looks ancient, in human terms. Perhaps seventy or eighty years old.

"This is... Robert." Kiari says, glancing at Belial from the corner of her eye. She keeps watch for the succubus's reaction, waiting to see if she notices anything. "We're hoping you can fix up his arms. Right now, he can't move them at all."

"Sure, sure." Belial says, sitting down in a chair just two feet in front of the man. She casually examines him, but surprisingly, she doesn't have even a faint impression of this random old man. While Belial might not be the best at remembering people's names or faces, to lack even a single impression of someone leaves her at a loss.

"So, Robert?" She asks, reaching out to take hold of his arm. "How are you feeling, besides the arm thing? Are you hurting anywhere else in your body?"

As Belial talks, she periodically glances at her patient's face. For some reason, the more she looks at him, the more she does, in fact, get a faint sense of recognition from him. However, that sensation is so muted that she finds herself dismissing the thought as being a figment of her imagination.

Beelzebub, for his part, quietly stares at the Emperor of Passion. Several strange feelings well up in his chest. Remembering the times Belial absolutely thrashed him and beat his ass, the fact she can look at him with such tender, loving eyes makes him feel even more distant and ambivalent toward his past.

"No." Beelzebub says, his voice quiet. "No pain anywhere else. Not physically, anyway."

When Beelzebub speaks, Belial's expression changes. Her previously faint glimmer of recognition deepens, ever so slightly.

_Hm? This voice. It's so... familiar. Where have I heard it before?_

She continues to hold Beelzebub's palm, but stops short of injecting her mana into his injuries. She lifts her eyes to stare at his face even more deeply, but his wrinkled, sagging skin makes his identity difficult to place.

"Say..." Belial mutters. "Do I... know you?"

Behind Belial, Kiari's heart skips a beat. She glances between Belial and Beelzebub, trying to remain calm, but Belial's question causes her stomach to drop into her shoes.

Beelzebub gazes at Belial, unafraid.

"I don't know. Do you?"

The more he speaks, the more that strange, eerie feeling grabs hold of Belial's heart. She turns to look at Kiari, only to see a look of worry on the Duke of Locust's face.

"...Kiari?" Belial asks.

However, Kiari says nothing. She merely stares at Belial with determination, waiting to see if she will say those words that Kiari doesn't want to hear.

Not only Kiari, but even Saul appears unwell. His skin pales when he sees Belial recognizing this old man.

Could it be?

Was the old man telling the truth?

Is he actually, somehow... Beelzebub?!

Several seconds pass. Beelzebub watches Belial's expression shift repeatedly, along with the other two in the room. He chuckles wryly in his heart, then slowly shakes his head.

"Former Second Emperor." Beelzebub mutters. "I'm hurt. To think you still haven't fully figured out who I am. Well, let me clear up your doubts. I am exactly who you think I am."

Every word that Beelzebub utters drills into Belial's ears, making her heart rate increase dramatically.

"No... it... it can't be..." She whispers, squinting to look at him even more carefully.

All at once, a name pops into Belial's head. Her eyes widen as she mentally traces the contours of Beelzebub's face. She transposes Beelzebub's youthful self onto this old man, and sucks in a deep breath.

"You're...!"

"That's right." He says, finally chuckling out loud, his laughter lacking any humor. "I am Beelzebub. No longer a demon. Just a weak, useless old man. A human."

Belial quickly retracts her grip on Beelzebub's wrist. She recoils from him, turning to look at Kiari and Saul with horror in her eyes.

"He's Beelzebub!" Belial exclaims. "You knew this?!"

Kiari's knees start to shake. She opens her mouth to speak, but words fail to come out.

"He told us his identity." Saul states, his gaze cold. "But the story was too outlandish. We didn't believe him. We brought you here, hoping you would show us the truth. And now... you have."

All of Saul's previous kindness to Beelzebub, his trusting words of comfort, come roaring back to slap him in the face. As he gazes at the kindly old 'Robert' he was chatting with amicably not even twenty minutes before, Saul's stomach churns in a sickly manner, making him want to vomit.

"Beelzebub!" Samantha roars, swiveling to look at the former Duke of Inferno with hatred that could melt steel. "So you were alive after all! You murdering piece of shit! You sick, disgusting excuse for a demon!!"

Beelzebub faces Belial calmly. He closes his eyes and bows his head slightly.

"Mmm. Yes. You're exactly right. I survived, and by a twist of fate, the Creator put me in a human body. He ripped away my powers and left me a hollow shell. So, go ahead. Kill me. It's what I deserve, and I've made my peace."

Belial jumps up from her seat. With a casual flick of the wrist, she hurls it backward, where it nearly blasts through the cabin's wall into the outdoors. Her chest heaves dramatically as new, unbridled waves of rage surge in her mind, making her want to rip Beelzebub to pieces!

"You think you can die so easily?!" Belial shouts. "Oh, I don't think so! Bastard! Murdering BASTARD! You killed my niece! You took Daisy from me!!"

Beelzebub says nothing. He keeps his eyes closed, quietly awaiting Belial's final judgment.

"Wait." Saul says, turning to face Belial. "Don't do anything rash, Belial. He's only a human now. He has no power. A casual sneeze from you could kill him with nothing left. We need to take this to the Wordsmith. Jason will absolutely deal with him in the most brutal manner you can imagine."

"Hahaha. Hahaha!" Belial laughs cruelly, a savage light in her eyes. "Oh, yes, he certainly will. To think this is why Rosalia kidnapped him. She must have recognized Beelzebub from the very beginning! What a delightful fate! How excellent! Chained up in a basement and tortured for weeks! Frankly, it's too good for the likes of him! She should get a commendation for her deeds!"

Beelzebub finally opens his eyes.

"If you're going to torture me, or whatever... go ahead. Do whatever makes you happy, Belial. I'm too weak to resist. You can peel me apart, heal my wounds, and repeat the process until my mind breaks. I never thought of you as the type... but war changes everyone."

He shakes his head.

"I think... it may have even changed me."

Seeing Beelzebub's complete and utter lack of fear, a different sort of miserable pain swells in Belial's heart.

She wants to see him beg for mercy. To scream out in pain and plead for his life.

Belial wants Beelzebub to suffer a thousand times the misery he unleashed on Tarus II's populace!

However, his indifferent attitude makes Belial grit her teeth. The reaction she wants doesn't come, leaving her deeply frustrated.

"So you want to act tough?" Belial hisses. "Good. _Very good._ I won't hurt you here, Beelzebub. A million people died because of you. Your suffering deserves to be put on display for all to see. There's a war crime tribunal coming soon... and you will become the protagonist of those proceedings."

The former Second Emperor balls her hands into fists. She struggles with the urge to unleash a brutal punch and instantly kill Beelzebub right then and there. However, seeing him so utterly powerless, so helpless, gives her a different sort of satisfaction.

"Haha. It really is a cruel twist of fate that you've become a powerless human. Not even your arms work, and I certainly won't bother fixing them! I think I'll leave you _just_ the way you are."

Imagining the fate Beelzebub will soon face, Kiari's expression sinks. As a kind-hearted person, she doesn't like to see others in pain.

In Kiari's eyes, one of the kindest people she's known has always been Belial. Hearing the succubus utter such vicious words delivers a mental blow to the Duke of Locusts, darkening her thoughts and casting a pall over her face.

Not long after, Belial leads Beelzebub outside of the log cabin. She turns to look at Kiari.

"Thank you for bringing him to me. I'll make sure justice is served to this scumbag, Kiari."

Kiari nods.

"Okay. Bye, Samantha. See you... later."

"Mmm."