Part 699: Humanity's Backup Plan
Part 699: Humanity's Backup Plan

_Far-Future Era. Day 20, AJR. 4PM. Eastern Melodia._

Inside the unified headquarters of Melodia's Defenders, Belial finally finished explaining the situation to a small group of people. Among them were Commander Linda Adams, Commander Chadwick, Melody, Beelzebub, and Kiari. They were all sitting inside Linda's office, which felt a bit cramped with so many people stuffed inside, but nobody complained.

"That's the long and short of it." Belial concluded. "As we speak, the other demons are spreading the word of Raphael and Uzziel's deception. We don't know how long we have until the Kolvaxians attack. We don't know _if_ they will attack. But since the charade is up and their plan has been revealed early, I don't imagine it'll be long."

The others remained silent for a time. Beelzebub was the first to speak.

"I'm not so certain." Beelzebub said.

"About what?" Linda asked.

He pondered for a moment.

"About whether or not the angels will actually attack. Think about it. Even if the Psions hadn't completely imploded due to Demila's betrayal, do you really believe the entirety of the Psion Army could withstand a regenerating enemy force led by a competent, perfectly intelligent leader like Uzziel? If she wanted to overwhelm the galaxy, she would have done so already."

He continued. "This isn't about winning. It's about _revenge_. Uzziel feels slighted. She wants to inflict pain and suffering on us, to make us feel small, weak, and snuff out our hope. I'm not sure she's actually going to start rapidly overtaking worlds now that the jig is up. I think she's going to continue slowly swallowing the galaxy, laughing at us because she thinks it's delightful that we're pissing our pants in terror or trying to mount a pointless, feckless resistance."

"That's a nice sentiment, I guess." Linda said calmly. "But you're merely guessing. What makes you even think your assumption has any merit?"

Beelzebub shrugged sheepishly. "Well... because not long ago, I also was a rather vindictive bastard who wanted revenge. It just seems in character for her... and me. The old me, I mean. Not that I'm not _still_ a vindictive bastard, but I digress..."

Linda sighed and looked off to the side, rubbing her head. "Yes, I suppose you have a point."

Chadwick cleared his throat. "Ahem. Let us not dwell on hypothetical scenarios and mental states of our enemy. We need to think about concrete actions we can take."

He waited until he had everyone's attention before continuing.

"Unifying every species to battle the Kolvaxians is not only our best chance at winning, but is in fact our only chance. These monsters are so durable that even our heaviest artillery cannons will barely stagger them for a moment. We have weapons that might be capable of stalling them out, such as the Stasis Grenades we used to great effect on Maiura, but those can only buy us a little time."

"So what do you propose?" Linda asked.

"The Cube." Chadwick said. "The Phoenix is a Middle Cosmic now, yes? It is not powerful enough to protect us from the Archangels-"

"She isn't a combatant at all." Beelzebub interrupted. "The Phoenix is only capable of creating worlds and controlling the cube. If even a Low Cosmic breaches the interior, she won't be able to- well, actually, she does have the Sentry Stars... I don't know how powerful they are though."

"Yes yes, but let me finish my point." Chadwick said while waving his hand. "Isn't there a colossal amount of space inside the Cube? A truly unfathomable amount beyond the size of multiple solar systems?"

Beelzebub blinked. "Yes... why? Surely you're not thinking..."

"That Cube is not only vast, with ample room for growth, but it is hidden, mobile, and it can sustain life." Chadwick said slowly. "Don't you see? We've treated it as a throwaway training depot, or a backup option for far too long. I believe we must relocate key worlds inside the Cube before the Plague can infest them!"

The entire room went quiet. Belial silently gasped.

"That... that could work!" Belial said. "Beelzebub, is it possible? Can the Phoenix put a few stars inside the Cube and create self-sustaining planetary orbits? Can she create an entire ecosystem of worlds for us to live upon?"

Beelzebub rubbed his chin. He fell into thought.

"...Give me a moment."

He closed his eyes and folded his hands in his lap. Then he bowed his head. Belial was surprised when she felt his demonic aura abruptly disappear, as if his soul had left his body.

Chadwick opened his mouth to speak, but Linda held a finger up to her lips. He opted to remain silent.

A minute later, Beelzebub's aura returned. He chewed his lower lip, then nodded his head.

"The Phoenix has spoken. We can indeed do this. She can transport entire worlds inside the Cube. The cost is high, but not extreme. And the more worlds rich in life that we bring, the more energy she can use to bring in additional ones. But, it's not all roses and daffodils."

Beelzebub waggled a finger in warning. "The Phoenix says that she can only put worlds inside the Cube by moving the Cube near them. This means that she can only do so once the Cube is inside a star system."

Linda frowned. "The Cube needs to warp across the galaxy. It requires time to move around."

"That's right." Beelzebub said. "If Uzziel catches on, she could completely destroy all our efforts by infesting a world before we take it into the Cube, then unleashing the Plague when we least expect it, collapsing our resistance immediately. In the worst case scenario, we have to assume we will only be able to bring one star system's worth of planets with us. After all, the Cube was created by Camael, not Raphael, and he is unlikely to know it possesses this function. But after we do it once, he may discover our deception and take steps to prevent us from doing so in the future."

The entire room fell silent.

All at once, everyone realized this solution was not as simple as it sounded.

"How do we decide which world to save?" Kiari asked quietly, her heart heavy with emotions due to her husband's funeral, but her mind steeled with determination for their child. "I like Sharmur, but it has a small population. Volgarius is the densest world in the galaxy. If we're going by the number of lives we could save..."

"What about the Demon Deities?" Melody asked, also speaking for the first time. "My power is bound to the energy of not only Sharmur's star, but all its planets as well. Is it possible that by moving an entire star system into the Cube, I could retain my power? Then we would have a Middle Cosmic inside, able to assist the Phoenix and provide a powerful defense."

"If so, then that would mean we could protect the other Demon Deities." Beelzebub pointed out. "Right now, we can evacuate all the mortal demons into the Labyrinth. It should be hardened against a Kolvaxian invasion by virtue of existing in a protected dimension, especially after Diablo altered its core functions and gave it new power. But if we do that, the Demon Deities bound to planets and stars will be left naked and vulnerable. Alone, they have no chance against one of the Archangels, let alone a Kolvaxian horde."

"We can't leave them to die." Melody said, nodding. "They are all powerhouses whose abilities we could come to rely on. Especially Auger and Yardrat, but I wouldn't discount Vespera or any of the others. A Cosmic is a Cosmic, after all."

Chadwick looked uneasy. "Sharing a galaxy with these Deities is one thing, but packing all of us into the Cube with them? Melody, you can provide us some assurance of protection because if any of them get any ideas, they can only attack us one at a time. But if they're all in the Cube together, we'll be at their mercy! You cannot possibly beat back ten Middle Cosmics at once!"

Melody grimaced. "No shit, I can't. But the situation is bad. We have to act quickly before Uzziel and Raphael catch wind of our plans! Galactic unification is our only prayer for victory."

The other leaders looked uneasy. After all, in the best case scenario, they would be shoving many core worlds together comprised of species that hated each other just a couple of weeks prior, and one of those species even committed a genocide.

None of the humans wanted to ally with or trust the Volgrim, but they had no choice. The Volgrim were countless epochs more advanced than humanity. If the humans and the demons holed up alone, the humans might be able to hide from the Plague long enough to build up their own form of space forces, but they didn't know how long they would be able to hide from the Archangels. Every second counted in a war of this scale.

"We must consider another angle." Linda pointed out. "Raw resources. These planets are more than just habitable surfaces for us to live upon. They also contain raw resources we can harvest to make weapons, armor, and ships for our future counter-attack against the Kolvaxians."

"A good point." Beelzebub said. "I will tell the Phoenix to travel to Sharmur post-haste, but also to search for lifeless systems along the way we might be able to sneakily add to the Cube. Even if they cannot harbor life now, the Phoenix might be able to change that, and we should at least be able to use these lumps of rock and ice for raw materials."

The other leaders nodded. They started quickly hashing out the details of this plan, but in the middle of the meeting, someone pounded on the office door. Linda let them in, and it turned out to be her assistant, Debra.

"There's been an incident!" Debra exclaimed. "Cassiel was attacked, and Soleil is missing! Cassiel is in the hospital with severe injuries."

"What! Who would dare?!" Melody asked. 

"Everyone, I have to go. I'll return when I can!" Belial exclaimed.

As she got up, Melody joined her. The two of them left the room together, leaving the others to sit in stunned silence.

"Cassiel...?" Beelzebub asked.

"The angel girl. The one Jason rescued from the Labyrinth." Chadwick answered. "You weren't there for that operation, but it was an important day where we also recovered Hope Hiro from Gressil."

"Oh. I think someone did mention that before..." Beelzebub said, scratching his head. "Wait, so that means we have another angel in our midst?"

"We sure do. And she's not just _any_ angel..." Linda said, before quietly explaining the full extent of the matter to Beelzebub.

...

Belial rushed to the hospital while trying not to panic. In her head, she felt that the timing of this attack was way too coincidental. How did the attacker know Belial wasn't at Cassiel's side? Was it Gressil? Was Soleil not strong enough to protect her after all?

Melody sped things up by flying at Cosmic speeds, arriving at the hospital with Belial in tow in less than ten seconds. If she wasn't worried about accidentally killing people, she could have arrived nearly instantly, but a lot of people from many different species lived in the hospital's region. Better to be safe than sorry.

Not long afterward, the two demons stepped into Cassiel's hospital room, where several doctors were standing with their hands on their hips, clearly at a loss.

"Samantha!" Doctor Fathy said, relieved to see her. "You arrived quickly. That's good. Chirrup! The patient is hiding in the corner over there. We think she's suffering a mental break right now, and we don't have the ability to restrain her."

She pointed to a corner of the room, tucked behind the hospital bed. Belial craned her neck and spotted Cassiel rocking back and forth in a corner, her pupils shrunken to pinpricks, her teeth chattering as she pressed her body against the wall. She sat in the fetal position, looking around the room in terror.

"He's here... he's here... he's watching... he's watching... don't let him come near... no, no, no don't let him come near..." Cassiel whispered under her breath. Her eyes moved at lightning speeds, looking from left to right and back to the left again. Her eyes were moving so frantically that she couldn't properly see or register the world around her.

"We tried to sedate her," Fathy explained. "But she woke up and startled us. Her biology makes her resistant to drugs meant for humans-"

"It's fine. I'm here now." Belial said. "Let me try talking to her..."

Melody stayed at the doorway. She towered over the human and monster doctors and nurses looking pensively at the angel-in-human-form. It seemed the Heaven's Shroud had continued to hide her form, even though the people present knew who she was.

Belial carefully walked over to the edge of the bed. Cassiel didn't even seem to register her presence. She instead continued to look in every direction, as if searching for ghosts... or worse.

"Cass? Cassiel?" Belial whispered. "Can you hear me? I'm going to come a little closer..."

Cassiel's teeth chattered violently. She closed her eyes and grabbed the sides of her head. "He's watching... he's here... he's watching he's here he's watching he's here... oh god oh god..."

A shiver went down Belial's spine. It didn't take a genius to figure out who Cassiel was talking about. There was only one creature that would leave her in a state like this.

Belial crouched down and moved closer. She carefully reached out and stopped just short of touching Cassiel's shoulder.

"Cass, Cass I'm here now. Are you-"

Cassiel's eyes snapped open. She suddenly realized Belial was there, and she lunged forward, wrapping her arms around Belial, shaking and trembling with incomprehensible terror. She buried her head in Belial's chest and shook like a leaf.

"He planned this- he killed her. Killed her. Killed her. She's dead. Oh god, I shouldn't- I was too weak... too weak, he killed her..."

Belial hugged Cassiel tightly. She looked around the room and tilted her head at the others.

"Everyone but Melody, leave us please."

The others nodded. They quietly left, while Melody stood guard at the door.

Belial carefully mouthed a word at her without speaking.

"_Gressil._"

Melody's eyebrows twitched. She scanned the room with her Cosmic senses, but she didn't see anyone...

"He's... he's not here..." Belial said to Cassiel, whispering softly. "Cass, it's alright now. I'm here. I'm sorry I left you behind. I'll never do that again, okay?"

Cassiel nodded vigorously, but it was clear that she had completely collapsed back into her own world. Her panic was so palpable that it put Belial and Melody both on edge.

Cassiel carefully opened her eyes. She pulled her face away from Belial's chest, then looked up into her eyes. Her teeth were clenched so hard that her chattering had begun to transmit to the rest of her body, making her shiver and tremble even harder than before.

Slowly, she peeped to the right. She spotted Melody and seemed to look at her for an instant... then Cassiel's skin lost all its color. Her eyes moved, ever so slightly, to Melody's right.

She screamed.

"Eeeyyaahh!!!"

Cassiel dove for the corner again and covered her head with her arms.

"HE'S HERE!! HE'S HERE!! MAKE HIM LEAVE! NO, NO, NO, MAKE HIM GO MAKE HIM LEAVE MAKE HIM GO!!"

Belial's gaze whipped around the room. She spent two full seconds searching for Gressil's presence, but she didn't see him anywhere. She had no idea what Cassiel had seen, or if she had seen anything at all!

"He's not here!" Belial exclaimed, quickly getting in front of Cassiel and covering the angel's body with her own. "Cass, Cass! Calm down, there's nobody here! He's not-"

"I SEE HIM! HE'S RIGHT THEEERE!" Cassiel cried, tears pouring like a fountain. "Oh god, he's going to hurt me! He's going to take me again and hurt me and torture me I DON'T WANT TO GO!!"

Melody also scanned the room. She kept her Cosmic senses alert, but if Gressil was in the room, she could not detect him at all. She genuinely could not tell if Cassiel was hallucinating because of trauma, or if she saw an illusion of Gressil, or if he suddenly appeared for a split second when Melody and Belial's attention was focused on Cassiel. Come to think of it, Melody had never actually sensed Gressil since becoming a Demon Deity, so she didn't know if his ability to hide was stronger than her ability to sense life forms.

Was such a thing even possible? Could a Demon Emperor really possess an ability stronger than a Middle Cosmic? The very notion sounded absurd.

Belial helplessly could do nothing more than shield Cassiel's body with her own. Cassiel sobbed and cried uncontrollably. She was completely hysterical.

And so, like that, Belial only barely managed to draw out the story of what had happened over the course of an entire hour. In between cries of terror, Cassiel torturously managed to let out a little of what had happened, bit by bit, until Belial and Melody had pieced the whole story together.

Melody looked out the window. She fell into thought, her face turning into a pastiche of anger, with a feeling of betrayal running beneath the surface.

_So Crow came here and attacked Cassiel because Cassiel was the one who killed Emperor Red Raven during the Energy Wars. That follows. But how did Crow learn of Cassiel's identity? It seems Vespera must have identified her! To think this is how the demons would act while speaking of 'unification' and other such glorious terms._

She turned to Belial. "I need to speak to Auger. Will you be able to stay here with her?"

Belial nodded. "With Soleil gone, Cass is completely vulnerable. I'll stay by her side 24/7 until we can find a way to keep her safe."

"Alright." Melody said, nodding her head ever so slightly. "I will return."

Melody exited the hospital room. After she departed, Belial looked around, searching for the invisible bastard who was likely skulking in the corners of her vision. A chill went down Belial's back. She had always felt assured that the combined strength of herself and Soleil would easily beat Gressil to a pulp, but she wasn't 100% certain she could defeat him alone, especially if she needed to protect Cassiel at the same time.

Worse, she now knew that Gressil could teleport himself and other entities. His powers were somewhat diverse, but also highly specialized. He could nullify her healing magic, he was strong enough to stand up to her if a fistfight broke out, he had the mobility advantage, and he could even deceive her senses with illusions.

If Gressil ever became serious about capturing Cassiel, Belial doubted she could truly stop him.

He was _toying_ with the angel. Otherwise, why transport her to the hospital? He could have captured her right after killing Soleil! That meant he was either completely assured of nabbing her in the future, or he derived some sort of sick _pleasure_ from her suffering.

_What a bastard,_ Belial thought.

"Cass, you need to come with me to a safer location." Belial whispered. "The Hospital isn't secure."

"Secure??" Cassiel hissed under her breath, her heart racing. "Nowhere's secure! Don't you see?! He can be anywhere! He's here right now! Right now!! How can I go on like this?! No, god, Sam... just kill me now! Kill me and end my suffering! Please!!"

Belial's eyes hardened. "Don't talk like that. You are the last true angel. Your existence is special. If you give up now, what will Soleil's sacrifice have been for?! We need to train you to become even stronger, strong to the point that that evil bastard won't ever dare to come near you again! Strong enough that you can hunt him down, make him fear ever having crossed your path!"

Belial's powerful speech did nothing to help Cassiel's mood. In her eyes, Belial was simply naive and foolish, not comprehending the power of Cassiel's tormentor.

Become stronger than Gressil? How could that be possible. Even Melody couldn't sense that he was right there, in the room.

As Belial helped Cassiel shakily stand up, Cassiel's blood ran cold.

Gressil stood, not even three feet away, right behind Belial's back. He grinned at Cassiel, then slowly held a finger up to his mouth.

"_Shhh..._"

Belial never sensed a thing. She was completely clueless.

Cassiel's mind could no longer handle the trauma. She fainted from fear yet again, and the last thing she heard was Belial's cries of alarm as the ground rushed to meet her falling form...