"What am I looking at?" 

Jason's words entered a void. A bubble of images surrounded him, as if he had materialized inside of a snowglobe, looking outward. The outside world appeared distorted and difficult to perceive.

Hoarhiim's voice responded in Jason's mind. "I will take you on a journey through my memories, back to when my brother and I had been much closer than we are now. Back when we first met Amelia."

Jason squinted to peer at the world outside, which seemed as distant as stars in the sky, yet also as if he could reach out and touch it. "So, back then, was this _before_ you and Blaarjiim became orbs, or has that always been a thing?"

Hoarhiim paused for a while. "I do not know. The existence I remember has always been my current form. Sometimes, I see flashes and images of people I no longer recognize, but they are as foreign to me as the demons are to you. Now, focus, Jason, and allow me to show you a side of Amelia you may not expect."

Hoarhiim arrived beside Jason. The form he took was that of a transparent shimmer in the air, vaguely human in shape, yet hardly defined enough to be anything more than a hallucination. Hoarhiim aimed his palm forward, and the images surrounding them disappeared. "I apologize for the murky picture. What you are looking at is my view of the world. I perceive reality in a sphere around my orb. However, I can interpret my vision in a manner you will more easily understand."

"That'd be great, thanks," Jason said with a chuckle. "So you're going to show me Amelia's past?"

"No, mine. It just so happens that Amelia always took my brother and me along with her. Despite bringing me along, she never once attempted to wield my power. Considering I am a being of the light, and her darkness was incompatible with my aura, I can only guess at her intentions. If I had to surmise, I would say... loneliness. Yes, that was likely the reason she kept me at her side."

Jason nodded, and with a wave of Hoarhiim's hand, the world around them changed. The sphere of images instantly shifted into a flat screen, not unlike a projected picture in a movie theater. The Labyrinth's walls immediately stood out to Jason, given he had lived for the last few days always engulfed by them. Just seeing them again gave him the creeps. 

_After I finish my business on Tarus II, I'll have to return to the Labyrinth. Oh boy, that sure sounds appealing._ Jason thought.

The walls moved a few inches closer, but then further away, then closer again, repeatedly, over and over. It was as if he was standing on a pendulum, watching the walls come and go.

"What's up with this picture?"

Hoarhiim cleared his throat. "Amelia always carried Blaarjiim in her hand, but dangled me in a pouch at her waist, not unlike what you do now."

"Sorry." Jason apologized, but did not know why.

Several minutes passed. As the walls rolled past and Amelia slowly walked forward, Jason craned his neck to see if he could see the path up ahead. "Hoarhiim, not to be a Debbie Downer, but all I see are walls. Can you, maybe, possibly, adjust the orientation?"

Hoarhiim stared ahead at the walls blankly for several moments. He shook his head. "Hm? What did you say?"

"The orientation. We're looking smack at a wall." Jason scrutinized his face for a few moments, though he still could not make out any details. "Are you okay?"

Hoarhiim waved his finger and the view rotated forward so they could see in front of Amelia. Jason could finally see the black fabric of her dress now, though not much else beyond that. "Apologies. I accidentally skipped forward and relived the memory ahead of time. Ah. Let's move on." The deity of pure light crossed his arms and shook his head again, but much more slowly this time. "Maybe it was for the best," he muttered.

The bland, empty halls of the Labyrinth seemed darker than usual. Jason could barely see anything, even with Hoarhiim's orb in Amelia's pocket. Before he could ask why, Amelia rounded a corner, and the flat walls of the Labyrinth began to change dramatically. Instead of a brown, earthen color, they became black and grey and turned into jagged rocks. Even the floor lost its flat, easily traversable texture. Irregular edges of rock stuck up here and there and Amelia's knees wobbled as she tentatively put each foot down, searching for the best places to step.

"Where are we?" Jason wondered aloud.

Hoarhiim answered. "This is a sublevel of the Labyrinth. Amelia was a rather _greedy_ person during this period of Hell's history. She pursued anything that caught her fancy, and since the Labyrinth suffered a chaotic power struggle for hundreds of years after she killed Satan, the demons and monsters could not form a resistance to stand up to her. She had free reign to go wherever she pleased, and she used that to her fullest advantage."

The picture suddenly shook. Amelia yelped in surprise and tumbled to the side as her foot caught on something. "Gah! Shoot, this ground is impossible to walk on." Her voice was much deeper than the one she had now, not the high-pitched, kidlike sound Jason was used to hearing.

"Hoarhiim, why does she sound different?"

The sage clasped his fingers together. "Oh, brace yourself, Jason. Amelia may look a little different than you expect." Saying this, he tilted the viewfinder up until Jason could see Amelia's face and body. His heart pounded in his chest. She looked a little older than him, perhaps twenty-five. She was incredibly attractive, with perfect pink lips, a softly defined nose, but also cruel, sadistic eyes. Her gaze made him want to bark like a dog.

Amelia leaned down to rub her knee. "Land's sake, at least the humans knew how to smooth out potholes. How's a lady supposed to walk in heels around here?"

Blaarjiim's voice spoke, making Jason nearly jump out of his skin. His tone was ten times deeper than usual, and it dripped with the sensation of evil. "My queen, there are three goblins up ahead. They will surely point you in the right direction."

"Finally, good news." Amelia leaned against the wall, and only now did Jason realize he could hear her high-heeled boots clicking on the floor as she walked.

Still, he could not take his eyes off her face. She was, perhaps, the most beautiful person he had ever seen. Her face had a hard-set edge to it, as if she could take a bite out of concrete without blinking, yet her skin was soft and fair, like that of a princess. Her long black hair flowed down to her waist, blending in with the color of her black dress. Unlike the one she wore now, it exposed a substantial amount of cleavage.

"Wh-why does A-Amelia..." Jason swallowed suddenly, realizing he had never looked at her in this way before. "Why does she look so, uh, different?"

Hoarhiim did not pick up on Jason's underlying feelings. "As expected, I knew you wouldn't understand. The battle with Joan changed Amelia's physical figure, though I never knew if the effects were permanent. The girl you know today is but a child in appearance. However, this memory is from during her prime."

"Yeah. _Her prime._"

Amelia licked her soft, pink lips, and Jason's tongue snaked out as well. He was mimicking her without meaning to. He could not believe a human could look as good as she did. Her body was fully-figured too, and not like that of a child. To say she was his 'type' would have been an understatement. Why could not he have met her when she looked like this?

Her boots continued to click on the ground. Hoarhiim turned the view away from her face, and finally, Jason's heart slowed back down. It must have been pumping at a thousand beats per second. Up ahead, the sound of three goblins cackling and laughing about something benign grew steadily more audible. Before Jason could comprehend the movement, Amelia lunged with terrifying speed a hundred feet down the hallway and grabbed one of the goblins. She hoisted him up by the neck.

"Skree! The Black Witch!" His two companions howled in alarm, fell on their asses, and scrambled away, but Amelia ignored them.

"Where is it? I know you little thieves are hoarding a treasure! Tell me where you've stored it, or I'll take your head off!" Amelia squeezed the goblin's neck, and he squirmed violently, hitting her arm with his hands, kicking and punching, even as urine began to run down his leg. The poor little guy looked petrified. "P-Please! Deno knows nothing! Deno knows nothing! N-no kill me!"

"You're lying!" Amelia slammed the four-foot creature against the wall, and judging by her voice and his expression, glared ferociously at him. "Last chance, puke-skin! Spill the beans, or I spill _you_ all over the floor!"

Her squeezing grew even tighter. He wheezed out a gasp. "N... no... nothing..."

Just as he started to slump in her grip, Amelia effortlessly flung the goblin behind her. Jason did not see what happened, but judging by the sickening _crunch_, the goblin ended up a splatter on the wall.

Hoarhiim adjusted the view again to the other two goblins. Both of them leaped to their feet and started to dash away, though their movement faltered as their bodies spasmed and shook in terror. "Buh-Black Witch! Fiend! Monster!"

Amelia hopped forward, clearing fifty feet in an instant, and delivered a spine-shattering kick to one of the two goblins. He hurtled forward into the darkness, and the distant sound of a _boom_ told a tale of his instant death.

"Goal! Ten points for me! Hyahyahya!" Amelia giggled nastily, an unpleasant, throaty sound. She lunged down, grabbed the final goblin by his hair and violently thrashed him around. "Last one! Tell me where your treasure is, or you'll learn what it's like to become a bowling ball!"

She shook the little goblin like a ragdoll, and he began to sob uncontrollably. "Please! Please! Me don't know! Only elder knows! Elder Morru knows!"

"Elder Morru?" Amelia's voice lilted into a higher pitch. "Aww, that's more like it! Now you're saying something worthwhile. Where is your elder?"

"Huhk..." The goblin gagged on his tears and snot. "M-Morru not far... me take you! Please no hurt! Me show you way!"

"Very well." Amelia released him and stood up straight. Her hand moved past their vision, and she grunted. "Damn. Goblin blood all over the back of my dress. Why must you nasty creatures have so much of it inside you?"

Hoarhiim held up his hand, and the image froze. "I hope I have sufficiently shown you some of the cruelty Amelia has inflicted."

Jason nodded. His mouth tasted like sandpaper. "Y-yeah. I... I can't believe I'm watching the same person."

The deity of light bowed his head. "Amelia found Elder Morru. She tortured him and severed both of his legs, then when he finally told her where the treasure was, she killed him by tearing his jaw apart. After that, she slaughtered every goblin in their colony for wasting her time." 

Hoarhiim paused. 

"Let's... move to what happens next."

"Sure." 

Jason reached out automatically for a glass of water, but remembered there was not any here — a shame. He felt like he had swallowed all the sand in the Sahara Desert.

The image shifted again. This time, to a much brighter hallway. The floor and ceiling glowed from bioluminescent moss hanging off the walls, as well as rocks embedded here and there that emitted tiny sparks of electricity. Amelia casually strutted forward, barely looking at anything. Her hand brushed against one of the vines, and Jason watched in amazement as the plant recoiled, withered, and died.

"What the hell was that?"

Hoarhiim cleared his throat. "Ah, her dark miasma. It's poisonous to most life, especially vegetation. A slight brush, and most plants will die after a few seconds. Creatures, both large and small, don't fare any better."

"Jesus Christ. Talk about an environmental disaster waiting to happen."

The hallway opened into a room with hundreds of fireflies aimlessly floating around. A ray of light shone down from somewhere unseen, almost as if it were from sunlight, but since this was the Labyrinth, that made no sense. The light beamed against the far wall, forming the shape of the Christian Cross. Underneath it was a barebones altar, with dozens of flowers growing all around it. A tiny chameleon looked up, spotted Amelia, and skittered away to a nearby nook in the wall.

Her voice rang out in the din. "Seriously? I traveled all this way for nothing?"

Blaarjiim responded almost instantly, and Jason could practically hear him rubbing his hands together. "No, my queen. Look! There on the altar! A sword and scabbard!"

Hoarhiim panned the view up so they could see Amelia's face. She sighed. "Oh. A sword. And here I was hoping for some pretty jewels or something cute."

"Be careful, my queen," Blaarjiim cautioned. "I sense energy like that of the angels here. It's faint, but..."

"I've killed a few angels, Blaarjiim. Holy energy stings for a bit, then the pain fades. I'd hate to walk out of here empty-handed."

Amelia strode forward, crushing the lovely flowers under her boots. As she did, they withered and dried out, disintegrating into ash.

She stopped in front of the altar, and Hoarhiim panned their view down to examine the sword. It was ugly, boring, housed in a faded leather scabbard with brass hinges and a belt that looked about ready to fall apart. Jason could not see the blade, but judging by the sheath, it was just over two and a half feet long, short by most standards. Almost like the sword was forged for a woman of small stature. The hilt was brown, with a glimpse of gold here and there.

Amelia hesitated. She slowly rubbed her thumb around her soft pink lips. "What an ugly piece of shit. Four days of travel, all for nothing."

Blaarjiim's tone softened. "It would make a fine addition to your collection, my queen. Perhaps it may serve some use later."

"Yeah, sure. Maybe I'll use it to carve up a roast. Let's get out of here." Amelia reached forward to grab the sword, but the moment she wrapped her hand around its sheath, a sudden flash of light made her yelp in surprise. Amelia gasped and toppled backward, flopping on her ass. "What was that?!"

Her question received an immediate answer. A stream of light erupted from the sword. It poured from inside the sheath, as if its energy were contained within the blade itself, and streamed to a spot perhaps two feet away. Within seconds, a shape resembling Hoarhiim's body of light formed, and quickly took on the appearance of a young woman. She immediately took a knee and swallowed several long breaths. Her short-cropped blonde hair and stunning blue eyes immediately grabbed Jason's attention.

The woman's armor was majestic, a combination of white and gold, with a giant red cross carved onto her chestplate. Her blue cloak hung behind her, a thousand golden crosses lining its fabric. She regarded Amelia with caution.

"Merci. Long have I slept, only to be awakened from my slumber by a demon as foul as thee." The girl, perhaps nineteen years old, clambered to her feet and snatched the sword from the pedestal. "En-Garde! Have at ye!"

Amelia rose to her feet. "Who the devil are you? How did you get here?"

The blonde girl unsheathed her sword and pointed it at Amelia. "I am a servant of the Highest God, the Creator who formed the heavens! Jeanne d'Arc, leader of the French, The Maid of Orleans! Thy greed and malice awakened my dormant body when thou dared disturb my artifact. I sense limitless power and evil flowing from thee, thrall of the darkness."

Hoarhiim panned the view to Amelia's face. Her eye twitched. "Now listen here, you little shit. Nobody points a sword at me and lives to tell the tale. My name's Amelia Greyheart, but you will call me 'Master' after I break you in half." Amelia smirked, then crossed her arms. "You seem confident about your chances, warrior of justice, but I should warn you that I've already killed the First Emperor of Hell, along with a few million others. If you give up now, I'll make your death quick and painless."

"Never!" Joan took a step forward and bared her teeth. "Dost thou think me a fool? A Hero never wavers! She always stands up to evil, no matter the cost! I would sooner cast myself into the raging flames of Hell than allow one such as thou to profane the name of God!"

"What a coincidence, you're already in Hell," Amelia muttered. Her hand made a popping noise as she balled it into a fist. "I don't believe in your shitty 'God' anyway. The only deity I believe in is myself. I'll make sure you bow down to me when this is all over, sweetheart."

"Impudent knave!" Joan lunged forward with frightening speed, catching even Amelia off-guard. She drove her fist into Amelia's face and sent her careening backward, smashing into the wall. An instant later, she jammed her foot into the ground and thrust her sword straight into Amelia's heart. 

_Shik!_

Joan's eyes darkened as she twisted the blade inside her opponent's chest. "God shan't forgive me if I spare thee! Die quickly and return to the soil from whence you came!"

Amelia wheezed in pain, but Hoarhiim panned up to show both of their faces, now only inches apart. A wild, maniacal smile spread from one corner of Amelia's mouth to the other. "You... you fucking bitch. That hurt. I'm going to enjoy teaching you a lesson."

She kicked her foot out and knocked Joan back, sprawling the Hero across the ground before yanking the sword from her heart. Amelia paused and stumbled for a moment before shaking the pain off with a twitch of her head. She stabbed the sword into the wall behind her, then stepped in front of it to block it.

"That sword must be precious to you. It'd be a shame if you couldn't use it for the rest of the fight."

Joan leaped to her feet and laughed. "Hah! Fool. That is no ordinary weapon. It is the Sword of Heaven, gifted to me by the Creator! I am bound to it for all eternity." She held her hand forward, and Amelia stumbled suddenly as the sword yanked from the wall, tore through her body and out of her front-side, then landed in Joan's grasp. Before Amelia could regain her footing, Joan began chanting words in Latin.

"_Lux. Virtus. Miscere._ By the hand of the Creator, the first rite of sealing; initiate!" Her sword began to glow white and vibrate wildly, and a moment later, she lunged forward, paused, and delivered ten rapid stabs into each of Amelia's limbs. A second afterward, she appeared at Amelia's side, opposite Hoarhiim and Jason, and shoved her palm out, blowing Amelia sideways across the room. Amelia's body bashed and crashed across the ground with sickening speed. Hoarhiim and Jason went flying straight out of her belt loop and across the room. Jason's body swirled unconsciously from all the motion, but once they came to a rest, Hoarhiim's vision gave them a full view of the spectacle.

Amelia's broken and crumpled body lay on the ground. Her right arm twisted unnaturally, and her jaw appeared dislocated. After a moment, her wounds began to heal, and she gasped violently. "Kaaah!"

Joan hesitated. "That attack dealt a most grievous blow, but thou art quite resilient. Compared to the three Demon Dukes I once fought, thy body is leagues more powerful than they. However, I warn thee, that after the third rite of sealing, you will never harm another being again."

Amelia whimpered for a moment, and then reached out to pull herself along the ground. The fire in her eyes disappeared. She managed to climb to her feet, but something about her appearance was different. She looked three or four years younger, perhaps Jason's age. "You... you s-sealed... my..."

Joan's eyes turned a luminous white, and she held her sword at her side, preparing for a lunging stab attack. The instant Amelia saw this, panic flooded her body. She leaped to the room exit, then dashed out of sight. Joan charged after her, and a horrible scream rent Jason's heart in two. Amelia gasped, begging for mercy. 

While Hoarhiim and Jason could no longer see what was happening, her pitiful, heartbreaking screams made him cover his mouth.

"Hoarhiim. Hoarhiim! That's enough. I've seen enough." Jason stumbled to the side and fought the urge to vomit as he fell to his knees. "Oh god, they're all sick and evil. Amelia tortures and murders, and Joan is no better. She enjoyed the pain she caused. What the hell? Is this the sort of person who would become a Hero?!"

Hoarhiim slowly ambled over to him, and leaned down, gently rubbing his back. "Jason. I know Amelia's past is difficult to accept. After all, you've never seen her in this manner before. However, I assure you that she is not the innocent angel she pretends to be."

Jason started rocking back and forth. "Fuck. Fuck. No, come on, think about it. Sh-she killed some goblins! That's all it was! They're monsters anyway, right? They're sneaky, thieving bastards! Amelia didn't deserve what Joan did to her! Shouldn't Joan ally with someone who kills monsters and demons? God damn!"

Hoarhiim pulled his hand away. "Do you believe that thievery deserves a death sentence? Where was their trial? Where was your human interpretation of justice? Just because they were goblins doesn't mean-"

"No! Stop! I don't want to hear anymore! Get me out of this dream!" Jason quickly jumped to his feet and rushed to the sides, hitting an invisible wall. "**Release! Escape! Leave!**"

Hoarhiim's voice quieted down. "This is a mental link, Jason. Your Wordsmithing won't work in here. If you want to leave, that's fine."

Jason quickly turned to face him. "Yeah, yeah, I do! I can't believe you're trying to turn me against Amelia like that! You SAW what Joan did to her! Amelia barely touched the sword and Joan went Super Saiyan and started attacking her for no reason! Gah!" Jason started pulling at his hair and pacing back and forth. "Just let me out. I'll- I'll talk to her. I'll find out her side of the story!"

"Jason..." Hoarhiim's voice held an edge of caution. "I wouldn't advise that."

"What?! Why, are you afraid I'll find something out? Are you even telling me the truth, or are you lying to me too?" A pause. Jason considered the options. "I've never seen Amelia act anything like this. You hate Blaarjiim, so it's reasonable to assume you have some goal, some plot to-"

"Jason!" Hoarhiim bellowed at the top of his lungs, making Jason flinch. After a few seconds, he calmed himself. "That's enough. Begone, then. I was trying to help. If you don't wish to see the truth, so be it. I cannot convince a fool to drink from the water of life if he wishes to die of thirst."

A moment later, the world around him faded away.

Jason appeared back at the funeral. It was dark out, already. He was sitting with his back to a tree, though he did not remember how he had gotten there. Everyone else had already packed up and left.

Jason quickly reached down and touched Hoarhiim's orb. "Okay, look, I'm sorry, alright? I didn't mean to freak out like that. I... I can't believe you'd say all those awful things about Amelia. Can we forget about it for now?"

...

Silence.

Jason waited, but Hoarhiim did not answer.

"Hello? Buddy?"

Still no reply. Great. Now Jason had hurt Hoarhiim's feelings and he was giving him the silent treatment.

_Fine, be like that._ Jason thought.

Jason got up and started walking to Bahamut's palace in the distance, her residence on this world. Maybe Amelia could answer his questions. If Hoarhiim was not lying, Jason would know soon enough.