Part 291: Hall of the Damned
Part 291: Hall of the Damned

Half a day passes. Jason Hiro and his remaining allies tentatively gather together to assess their situation. In total, they find that of the three million allied humans, monsters, and scattered demons who joined together at the start of the Stormbringer War, less than half a million remain.

Of those who survived, some four hundred thousand civilians escaped onto the Covenant ships. They eventually return, aided by Jason's Wordsmithing, and land amidst a shattered warzone. The rest of the survivors come from scattered pockets located around Hero City's plateau, having taken shelter from Beelzebub's blast.

Everyone who returns reacts to the destruction of their home, their families, and their lives differently.

Some people break down and cry. They weep for the dead. They weep for their losses.

Others erupt into angry outbursts, often directed at themselves, but just as often toward those in power.

Still others shut down their emotions, failing to trigger any physical reaction to the death and destruction surrounding them.

This last group includes the Hero himself.

Jason Hiro silently goes about his work. He Wordsmiths away countless dead bodies. He cleans up the devastated land effortlessly. 

But even after wiping away all remnants of the battle, not even he can bring back those who've fallen. He can't instantly restore the city and its infrastructure, nor can he comfort those who have lost irreplaceable people in their lives.

His actions, both solemn and filled with determination, reveal that he has taken the losses just as severely as those around him, if not more. His empty eyes silently swallow the shattered world, the broken spirits of his countrymen, and the holes in his heart.

"I was naïve."

"I was ignorant."

"I am responsible for what has happened."

The Wordsmith builds several dozen temporary shelters, easily breaking his previous feats of engineering by summoning huge makeshift hotels, each one big enough for tens of thousands of people to live in. Without Solomon's Crown in his possession, he has to rely on his mind-wife to rapidly construct serviceable blueprints for his creative abilities. Luckily, thanks to Camael's Cube, his power output has become far mightier and more stable. He can conjure in a day what would have once taken him multiple weeks.

The Hero shows no excitement at his newfound powers. The cost to obtain them, in his eyes, was far from worth it.

After constructing enough temporary housing to lodge many hundreds of thousands of citizens, Jason turns his sights to the borders of Hero City. He summons a colossal amount of power time after time, eventually erecting a massive glass wall. More than four hundred feet high, this barrier circles around the entirety of his city's plateau, becoming a makeshift, low-tech force-field of sorts. From the outside looking in, the wall appears opaque, yet from the interior, it appears almost completely translucent, allowing defenders to peer at the world outside.

The Hero summons an artillery cannon, then turns to a nearby soldier.

"Shoot it."

The soldier nods. "Yes, sir."

After taking aim, he fires several volleys of cannon shells at the wall, each one capable of killing Demon Barons and even some Dukes, yet when they crash against the wall, not even a crack appears on its surface.

Aided by his Wordsmithing, the Hero creates a wall that is all but impervious to damage. Reinforced far beyond the means of any known alloy, its glass structure has become capable of withstanding even an atomic blast at point-blank range.

Jason lowers his head. Waves of emptiness radiate from his heart.

"If only I had made this sooner. Then..."

Daisy death hangs on his conscience. His every action becomes tainted by the knowledge that the preventative steps he's taking now could have saved countless lives if only he'd enacted them sooner.

"Never again." The Hero mutters.

At some point, Blinker appears at Jason's side.

"Bael's body has disappeared!"

No longer inside the crater, the Duke of Pain's corpse vanishes, leaving everyone with an unsettled feeling in their gut. Jason, having not witnessed much of the war, overlooked Mephisto's body-snatching tendencies, while Blinker, plagued by grief, failed to remind him to fully dispose of the Duke's corpse.

Their failure gives yet another potent weapon to the Duke of Mist.

Jason sighs.

"I killed him once. I can do it again. I _will_ do it again."

No longer does he hesitate. No longer will he stand idly, allowing his enemies to roll over him.

"From now on... I dedicate my life to cleansing the galaxy of these devils."

Jason constructs dozens, hundreds, and even thousands of automated defenses. Aided by his mind-wife, he rapidly builds an incalculably overwhelming defensive bulwark tens of times mightier than what Hero City once wielded. Instead of running on technological principles, these weapons move, aim, and fire via magical means. Holy energy courses through their circuits, preventing Emperors like Ose from hacking them and turning them against their people.

Each weapon embattlement possesses a sentient mind, a sliver of will to guide its actions. Inspired by a compounded vision of Centurion, Jason himself, and Phoebe, the cannons operate on a single principle.

_Exterminate all enemies to humanity._

Jason gazes wistfully into the sky. Drops of rain begin to fall, lightly moistening the burned, dried-up land.

"This city is mine no longer," He says. "From now on, this world will have a new purpose. It will become humanity's bulwark. Our mightiest kingdom."

His mind-wife stirs.

"What should we call it?" Phoebe asks.

"It is the future kingdom of man. It requires a name fitting its purpose. I think I'll call it..."

Jason pauses, allowing his thoughts momentarily to roam.

He contemplates all the memories he's built. All the friends he met. All the comrades he's lost.

In the end, one name stands out from all the rest.

"We will call it the _Fortress of Retribution_. Tarus II will house those who have dedicated their lives to exterminating demonkind. Therefore, from this day forward, we will treat this world as a military base capable of fielding the finest soldiers. As for lesser humans with weaker wills, I'll house them elsewhere, such as the moon, or..."

Jason's gaze flickers toward the unseen, unbelievably huge cube located in a dimension adjacent to the real world.

"I'll make a new home for the rest of humanity," Jason concludes.

His mind-wife falls silent. A minute passes as she collects her thoughts.

"Jason. I'm glad that you've... you've finally comprehended the demons' evil ways. I'm glad that you've decided to take them seriously. But, now... everything about you has changed. You've taken all the blame for what happened, but it wasn't your fault. You don't have to go to such extremes. You don't have to punish yourself."

"You're wrong. I do." Jason replies. "Nobody bears more guilt than me. That is why I can't act like a child anymore. Please don't try to change my mind, Phoebe. You won't succeed. I'm not acting impulsively. I'm acting rationally for the first time in my life. I finally understand the truth of the world."

Jason lowers his eyes back to the partially rebuilt city, now dubbed the Fortress of Retribution.

"Do you know what hurts the most, Phoebe? My callousness."

His mind-wife blinks. "I don't follow."

"Think about it. Before Beelzebub detonated his body, I was ready to send away all of the demons and let bygones be bygones. I hadn't lost anyone important. I still had you and Daisy both. Even though I had lost Kar, I somehow viewed him as... not that valuable to me. He was my best friend, yet I was willing to forgive those who attacked us and led to his death. Can you imagine the gall such a decision required? While millions were weeping over the deaths of their loved ones, I effectively ignored their cries for help."

Jason heaves a great sigh. "I am a disgusting, selfish bastard. It's only when my daughter died that I finally wanted to fight back. As a commander, a king, and a leader, I have not acted with humanity's best interests in mind. That changes now. From today onward, I won't allow the demons any leeway. I'll wipe out any in my path without mercy. Not only to avenge Daisy... but for all who fell due to my _fucking_ incompetence."

Phoebe nods, slowly. "I see. Well. I can't change your mind."

"No. You can't."

Jason resumes his work of rebuilding the Fortress of Retribution. He solidifies the plateau itself to prevent Burrower demons from ever again surprising people from below. He places countless demonic energy detectors all across Tarus II, allowing himself to maintain constant contact with any Warper portals that might emerge.

"This is only the start..." Jason murmurs. "I have so much more work to do."

As the Hero works, his comm beeps. He activates it, then nods.

"I see. **Teleport.**"

He arrives inside a fortified bunker in the heart of the city, a place where Samantha and her demonic assistant, Rosalia, stand near a recently awoken human female.

Phoebe.

Jason's real-world wife sits up in the bed, appearing dazed and confused. The bunker offers her no ability to see outside, so she can only guess at the events that have taken place since she fell comatose.

"Jason!" Phoebe says, as he teleports inside. "You made it back! That's great!"

The Hero winces. He forces a crooked smile, but it lacks even a trace of warmth.

"Hey, honey. Um. Sorry I took so long. Sorry for... everything. What is the last thing you remember?"

Phoebe notices Jason's odd expression, but doesn't think too much of it. "Well, I was inside a mech... I shot at a bunch of demons... and then... everything went black. I was at the Western Front, I think?"

Belial remains silent. She stands at Phoebe's side, staring at the top of her head. When Phoebe turns to look at the succubus, Belial quickly averts her gaze.

"What's wrong?" Phoebe asks. "Why is everyone acting so strange? Did something happen? Is everyone okay?"

Jason starts to answer, only to pause when Phoebe's expression turns odd.

"Say, uh, Sam, where's Daisy? Is she okay? Did you take good care of her?"

Belial's expression crumples. She fails to meet Phoebe's gaze, even as her shoulders tremble.

"I... I..."

Of all the people in the world Belial doesn't want to let down, none matter more to her than Phoebe. Her inner turmoil, coupled with the blame she foists upon her own shoulders, makes her feel like complete scum. In her mind, Belial imagines herself practically responsible for killing Daisy.

The moment Phoebe notices Belial's roiling emotions, she realizes the situation is far worse than she first imagined.

"What happened? What happened, Jason? Sam?! Where's Daisy?! Where's my little girl?!"

Jason releases his tense smile. He closes his eyes, and bows his head.

"I'm sorry, Phoebe. I'm... I'm so sorry."

---

_Elsewhere in the Milky Way galaxy._

Amidst a rotten forest, one where no creatures dare step foot, thousands of dead, broken trees lean to their sides. They sag and droop, having long since lost all of their vitality. So long has it been since their deaths that most of them appear ashen, cracked, and ready to fall over.

In the center of this forest, a five-hundred-foot-tall granite obelisk stands at attention, pointing up at the sky. Towering far, far above the deadened trees surrounding it, this obelisk appears incredibly conspicuous, like a landmark someone could locate from a hundred miles away. At its base, a single set of stairs leads deep into the planet's bowels, where the source of all the forest's death and decay originates.

A catacomb filled with tens of thousands of rooms spreads out and down in all directions. Trap-rooms, dummy rooms, and many more surprises await those foolish enough to adventure inside. As for their purpose, they exist only to hide the obelisk's most precious secrets, all of which belong to its owner, the Duke of Mist, Mephisto.

This place is known as the Hall of the Damned, one of many famous landmarks located on Hell Harbor.

Deep beneath the planet's surface, dozens of boney, skinless demon Lords and Barons congregate together in an unholy, barbaric ritual hall. These disgusting, half-dead, half-living creatures resemble their illustrious benefactor, the Duke of Mist, in countless ways.

"Kekeke... the Grand Necromancer will return soon," One decrepit demon adorned in luxurious purple rags hisses. Small but noticeable horns stick out of his skull, the sign of a Demon Baron. "He will soon seize that which is rightfully his."

A taller, more dignified Demon Baron stands next to the chatty one. This fellow crosses his boned hands in front of himself. "The Grand Necromancer succeeded in his ultimate plans. Not only did he capture the body and soul of the Sphinx, but the body and soul of Emperor Ose, and now, the body and soul of the Duke of Pain."

"Yeah, but so what, Ozzar?" The hunched-over Baron mutters. "He lost the bodies of both Battle Brothers! He even lost Duriel's soul!"

"A worthwhile price to pay," Ozzar says, remaining confident. "Two Barons in exchange for two Emperors and the Duke of Pain. Surely, even you can see the value in such a trade, Azuth."

"That was before Zamiel increased his value," Azuth counters. "Zamiel absorbed his brother's soul. He became a Duke! Not only that, but his body reached Emperor-level. Losing Zamiel hurt us all big-time! There's nothing left of him now but some splattered meat!"

"Worry not. The Grand Necromancer knows what he is doing," Ozzar calmly replies. "Not since Valac has our kind reached the level of Emperor. Now that Mephisto will soon control the First Hell's levers of power... our rise will become unstoppable."

Azuth starts to say something, but quickly changes his mind when he senses a powerful demonic mana signature approaching. "The Grand Necromancer..."

Moments later, the Duke of Mist phases through the ceiling. His appearance quiets down the several dozen necromancers situated beneath him. Mephisto says nothing. He instead sweeps his gaze across the young hopefuls, causing many of them to bow their heads respectfully.

"We welcome the Grand Necromancer," All of them chant in unison. "Only he who controls death should dictate the value of life."

Mephisto nods in satisfaction. "Yesss. Good. I sssucceeded in my misssion, young onesss. I have ssseized the body of my old friend, the Duke of Pain."

All of the young necromancers keep their heads bowed. They already know of this development thanks to their unique connection to the Grand Necromancer.

"Now, it isss time for you all to fulfill your dutiesss..." Mephisto hisses.

He lowers himself to the ground, then turns himself corporeal. His body loses its misty form, allowing him to make contact with the physical realm.

Slowly, Mephisto pulls out a lantern, the very same one he stole from Heaven countless eons before, the one which belonged to his predecessor, the original necromancer, Valac.

As always, its appearance causes the souls of the younger necromancers to tremble in awe. As the single most powerful artifact demonkind controls, its value is incomparable to anything else. Especially to those aligned with the affinity belonging to death, its presence bolsters their magic, temporarily making them more powerful.

Mephisto continues to hold the lantern aloft. With his free hand, he mutters several demonic words, causing three familiar bodies to fall out of the lantern! As if plucked from a temporal storage of some sort, these bodies lifelessly fall to the floor, still preserved at the same level as when they perished.

Kar, the former Sphinx. A small hole stabbed through his back hides his devastated internal organs. His shattered knee, his ripped up arms, and his broken limbs appear far more gruesome than the wounds dealt to his torso.

Ose, too, appears to have suffered terribly. Her broken arms and legs, along with her battered body, give her the appearance of a beaten housewife. With most of her injuries focused on broken bones and shattered internals, her exterior appears to be in better condition than the Sphinx's, but only barely.

And finally, Bael, the Duke of Pain. No longer in his Balrog form, the Duke has reverted to his base form following his death. His stomach and chest, missing all their vital organs, appear just as badly broken as his smushed-together body.

After Mephisto tosses the three corpses haphazardly to the ground, he turns to his followers.

"Bring in the sssacrificesss."

His apprentice necromancers nod. They leave the ritual chamber, giving Mephisto a moment alone. He glances at the constructed idol resting against the far wall, one that bears the shape of Valac.

"Kekeke. For now, thessse foolsss look up to you. But sssoon... they will treat _me_ asss their god."

The Duke of Mist waits patiently. Before long, his followers usher in hundreds of bound and gagged humans, some of them male, some of them female. These horrified slaves begin to tremble and groan through their gags as they gaze for the first time at the demonic ritual chamber, one where multiple pentagrams lay carved in the floor.

"Cassst them down." Mephisto orders.

Without any fanfare, his junior necromancers brutally kick, shove, and throw the slaves to the ground, causing some of them to break their bones as they impact the obsidian floor.

Mephisto silently waits while his followers walk over to Bael, Ose, and Kar's bodies. They drag the corpses into the center of three of the pentagrams, then turn to face the human slaves they've brought.

Without any fanfare, Mephisto waves his hands. 

"Begin."

Several slaves widen their eyes as the necromancers rush at them like maddened dogs. Unable to fight back, the men and women can only scream muffled cries of pain through their gags as curved ritual knives pierce their hearts, heads, and backs.

Over and over, the necromancers brutally rip apart the slaves, spilling as much blood as possible onto the unholy pentagrams. It doesn't take long before they kill every last slave, and still, they continue to stab and bleed the humans dry.

Mephisto waits. He watches as the pentagrams fill with crude plasma, with each and every groove slowly beginning to pulse red as an unseen spiritual mechanism activates.

After an hour of carefully draining all of the blood from the slaves' corpses, the necromancers grab their useless bodies and lightly toss them out of the demonic pentagrams, causing them to _thump_ against the floor.

Of the necromancers present, twenty-one of the highest ranked acolytes step forward. The rest pull back and solemnly bow their heads while they wait.

The twenty-one chosen spread out into three groups of seven. Each group encircles the bodies of Bael, Ose, and Kar. They quietly start to chant in the ancient demon tongue, adding in several mystical words used only by necromancers descended from Valac.

As they do, the pentagrams glow brighter and brighter. 

All three bodies begin to tremble, while the blood congealed in the center of each pentagram slowly levitates into the air before seeping into the corpses' pores.

After thirty minutes, the ritual concludes. Bael's body appears slightly more intact than before, while Kar and Ose's bodies have fewer open wounds.

None of them appear even remotely close to becoming fully intact.

Mephisto's expression becomes solemn.

"Ksss. It ssseemsss I will require many more sssacrificesss to repair thessse corpsssesss."

As Mephisto ruminates, one of his juniors, Ozzar, approaches him.

Despite only being a Baron, Ozzar occupies the highest rank among his fellow Junior Acolytes. In terms of necromantic ability, he stands only second to Mephisto himself. Even so, he still bows his head respectfully to his superior.

"Grand Necromancer. If I may, I would like to make a suggestion."

Mephisto nods. "Go on."

"The quality of these slaves is too poor," Ozzar says. "I recommend pilfering as many fresh virgins and young children as possible. Only their purity of life will be enough to realize your ambition."

"Ksss. I wasss thinking the sssame thing..." Mephisto mutters. "Perhapsss I ssshould focusss on reviving one body at a time."

"Perhaps. However, in the end, it won't matter. The Hidden Emperors will need time to focus their efforts on attacking the First Hell. They have not been able to locate Emperor Diablo's body. Without him or Bael to officiate the ascension process, no new Emperor will be able to secure the throne. That leaves you with plenty of time to finish the revival ceremony."

"Ksss. Not even I know where Diablo'sss body liesss. Inssstead of chasssing after hisss ssshadow, I ssshould ssseek to empower myssself."

Mephisto raises Valac's Lantern.

"Ssso long asss I control the River Ssstyx, I hold the key to power."

Ozzar's eyes momentarily flicker with greed and envy. However, he quickly tempers his thoughts.

"The Hidden Emperors will object. With three million new souls caught in the river, it would be improper for you to empower yourself."

"Thisss king dessservesss hisss rewardsss, don't you think?" Mephisto giggles mischievously. "Who can ssstop me? Onccce I assscend to Emperor, none shall be able to ssstand up to me ever again. My rissse isss asssured."

"I remind you only for your sake," Ozzar replies. "Angering the Hidden Emperors may cause them to rally against you. Until you have ensnared your three newest pawns, you should not move too quickly. Do not forget the deal you made with Fenrir."

Mephisto's grin instantly vanishes. In its place, a look of foreboding appears.

"Ksss. Yesss, you are right. I mussst not act too hassstily. Firssst, I will revive my three newessst minionsss. Then, I will take the sssoulsss which rightfully belong to me. After that? What can the Hidden Emperorsss do? Kekeke!"

Ozzar nods. "You shall rule over all of demonkind, Grand Necromancer."

"No," Mephisto counters. "I ssshall rule over all of _creation._"

Mephisto's gaze falls upon the three lifeless corpses in the center of the ritual chamber.

_For he who towers above death, towers above life as well._

---

>!This is what a spoiler looks like! Click it to reveal the text!!