Part 225: Stormbringer Begins
Part 225: Stormbringer Begins

_Attention: All Core personnel. Demonic activity has been detected in sector 2._

_Alert! Threat level has now risen to yellow._

_Attention: All Core personnel. Demonic activity has been detected in sectors 2 and 3._

_Mobilize immediately. Take your positions at your battle stations. This is not a drill. Execute lockdown procedure Neil Foxtrot Alpha._

_Warning! Warning! Demonic attack on sectors 2 and 3 imminent. Threat level has now risen to red. Automatically activating all available Transforming Replicant Exosuits. Hostiles are now approaching the Core's entrance!_

...

All across the Labyrinth Core, thousands of soldiers leap into action. Monsters, humans, and even the demon defectors who left behind their species. While all of the humans and a large majority of the monsters gear up in their T-REX battlesuits, the demons unable to use battlesuits take to the rear and begin activating magic to prepare themselves for the imminent battle.

Neil Adams, commander of the Core's military, arrives at the center of the room while donning his bright blue-and-red T-REX, a specially modified exosuit equipped with an advanced autonomous battle function. With heavier armor to protect his vital organs, Neil's exosuit affords him more defense than the standard exosuit, but at the cost of speed and mobility.

At his side stands Lieutenant Henry, the highest ranking officer among all of the young recruits. Unlike Neil, his exosuit appears identical to the standard models, with its only distinctive design choice being the three orange arrows on his chest, revealing his military ranking.

The young Lieutenant begins issuing orders immediately, while Neil observes. 

"Brace the entrance! Throw down all the support beams you can manage! Johnson, train your squad's guns on the central area! Make sure there's a three-foot gap so the bloodskin bastards can slip through! Funnel them in like we practiced. Ruger, I want your snipers ready to tag anyone who slips past the forward lines! Aim for the Brutes and anyone above the Lord rank!"

Henry flicks his eyes around.

"Where is Kar?! Has anyone seen him?"

"Aye, Lieutenant!" A nearby soldier says. "Kar left to eat about thirty minutes ago! He went to Tarus II!"

"Well, don't just stand there!" Henry shouts. "Recall him immediately! Damn, of all the unlucky moments he could choose to leave..."

Henry flicks his eyes back to the entrance. Already, a distant series of shrieks and clicks begins to draw near the giant double-doors protecting the Core as countless demons and monsters rush toward the human's encampment.

_Warning! Demons have annihilated the defenses in Sectors 2 and 3. The demonic army is now approaching Sector 1. Warning! Threat level has been revised to maximum!_

A robotic female voice speaks overhead, her words transmitted through not only a series of speakers embedded in the ceiling, but also the helmets of the exosuit-wearing soldiers.

"Skree! Skreeee!!"

Outside the Core, a series of terrible, monstrous screeches increase in volume and intensity as the horde draws nearer. Sounds of cannonfire tear through the air as the Core's automated lasers begin ripping the horde to shreds, along with a few hundred soldiers stationed outside the doors. In less than a minute, the armored soldiers jump inside, moving as quickly as they can.

One of the newcomers leaps toward Neil and Henry. "Commander!" He yells, as he hits the ground with a heavy _thud._ "Something's not right! The demons approaching us... we couldn't hurt them at all! They're different from what we expected!"

Before Henry can reply, Neil speaks. "Different? In what way?"

"I... I can't explain!" The man says, as his voice begins to tremble. "They had heavy armor all over their bodies, and they looked more like monsters than demons! They-"

"They're here!" A soldier near the doors cries.

Moments later, a tremendous _bang_ mirroring the sound of a 500 pound bell crashing into concrete rings out from the double doors. The demonic horde crashes against them with the fury of a hundred hurricanes, smashing both doors open as if their fifty-ton-weight were nothing at all.

"What the hell?!" Henry exclaims. "The doors! Only a Duke could-"

"Get down!" Neil barks. He grabs Henry and yanks him to the ground right as a two-ton steel beam goes flying toward them. It narrowly misses taking them out and instead crashes into the sniper squadron, killing thirteen men and women instantly.

Henry and Neil jump to their feet. They barely give each other a once-over and instead turn their attention toward the cloud of dust and smoke at the entrance.

"How... how could the demons unleash such power?" Henry asks. "Not even Kar can shove the doors open so effortlessly..."

With a cloud of smoke and debris obscuring their vision, the humans nearest the doors try to pick themselves up. They clamber to their feet, ignoring the agonizing injuries dotting their bodies. Despite the exosuits' defensive properties, demonkind's battering-ram attack still manages to kill and wound more than a hundred soldiers.

"SKREE!"

A terrifyingly high-pitched scream erupts from within the smoke. A moment later, a two-foot tall monster leaps out of the debris. It barrels toward a male marine faster than he can react. The man's exosuit does nothing to protect him against a mass of fangs and teeth as the creature shreds through his nanite armor like a hot knife through butter.

The marine's comrades spin to face the invader. They unload a hail of bullets at it, only for their shots to ricochet off a hardened dermal carapace enveloping its body.

Angered by the tiny, ticklish pellets, the creature raises its head to screech again, finally giving everyone a good look at its appearance.

Two short, stumpy little legs sit attached to the underside of the monster's long, slug-shaped body. The creature's slender tail presses against the ground, giving it lots of flexibility and movement options, while its triangle-shaped head narrows to an arrow-like point. Knife-shaped teeth stick out of the creature's mouth, making it resemble a miniature shark, while its beady yellow eyes flick toward anything that moves.

Even scarier, two long protrusions stick out of the creature's back. Both of them narrow into powerful bone-spears, resembling the talons of a praying mantis. Thus, the monster can pierce even the thickest armor when impaling its prey.

This creature is none other than one of the _Grez._

Neil and Henry stare with wide-eyed horror at the monster that has emerged from the smoke. "Mother Mary and Father Joseph," Neil whispers. "What... what is that?"

He doesn't get an answer. The Grez unfurls a pair of thin grasshopper wings from its side and flaps them like a hummingbird. Before anyone can react, it pounces at another soldier and stabs its bone-lances through his chest, spearing him to the ground and ending his life in an instant.

Moments later, the rest of the horde arrives. One hundred more Grez barrel out of the smoke like jaguars stalking prey. They pounce and fly at anything in their path, shrugging off bullets and plasma blasts with ease. In the blink of an eye, the monsters rip apart the Core's well-prepared defenses, sending waves of panic throughout the humans' ranks.

Neil narrows his eyes. _Well played, Ose. You caught me off-guard with these new shock troops. However, you're not the only one with a few tricks up their sleeve._

The Commander darts away, leaving Henry on his own. The Lieutenant leaps toward the nearest Grez and unsheathes a nanoblade at his waist. He swings the weapon upward, aiming for the monster's fleshy underside. Before it can kill his comrade, Henry impales the abomination's gastrointestinal tract, causing it to shriek in pain. What follows are ten seconds of desperate struggling as Henry dodges the creature's snapping jaws and talons. He keeps it at bay with his sword while ducking and dodging its erratic movements.

After a few seconds of intense combat, Henry yanks out his blade, spins it around, and plunges the pointy end into the monster's eye.

The Grez finally shudders to a stop, its life-force spent.

Henry pants like an exhausted dog. "Gods! How... how could this thing give me more trouble than the average Baron?! It's too ferocious!"

Henry yanks the soldier he just rescued to his feet, then turns his attention toward the other Grez entering the battlefield. With a flick of his eyes, he activates his Commander Frequency, allowing him to transmit a message to everyone on the field.

"Attention, all troops! Do not fight these invaders one-on-one! Tackle them in teams of three or more! Aim for their underbelly and head. Their dermal armor is too strong for our low-caliber munitions to pierce."

Henry continues joining the melee, using his sword to take on the horrible new demon monstrosities all on his own. With humanity's ranks in disarray, the other allied monsters jump in to help pick up the slack.

Several allied harpies fly above the double doors and cling to the Labyrinth's walls with their clawed feet. They clutch the weapons wielded by the fallen sniper platoon and take potshots at any invader they can land a clean shot on. Meanwhile, three minotaurs use their tremendous muscle and bulk to assist their human allies wherever possible.

Thanks to the molding properties of the T-REX's, every allied monster wears armor adapted to their body shapes. The Minotaurs manage to triple their strength, bringing themselves up to the level of an average low-ranking Demon Baron. Even so, they can't fight the enemy monsters one-on-one, given their inability to pierce the monster's carapaces.

...

Minutes pass.

Henry, the most talented fighter in the entire Core, manages to solo-kill more than twelve of the invading creatures. Even so, his stamina begins to run on fumes as he hacks, slashes, and stabs the thirteenth invader to death. Gasping for breath, Henry jumps backward to put some distance between himself and Ose's monstrosities.

At that moment, Neil calls out, "Henry. Catch!"

Henry whips his head around just in time to see three baseball-sized metal balls flying at his face. Despite his exhaustion, the young lieutenant raises his arms with practiced swiftness and snatches the devices out of the air. He holds one in each hand, and a third under his right armpit.

"The nanite bombs!" Henry yells. "Just what we needed!"

Henry activates the grenade-like devices by pressing a button on their top, then he lobs them at the doorway. The moment they strike the Labyrinth's floor, five-foot masses of nanites erupt out of the containment grenades and leap at the nearest Grez, engulfing them like giant squids devouring crabs. The Grez shriek in anger, only for their screams to fall silent as the nanites chew through skin, bone, and armor to eviscerate their weakest points.

Each grenade takes out four to five of the invading monsters at once, slowing their movements and preventing their entry. However, after less than two minutes, the nanites lose their charge and scatter to the wind, becoming little more than inert masses of ash amidst the creature's bodies.

"Damn!" Henry curses. "Give me more, Neil!"

Henry turns to look for his Commander, only to frown. Neil's red and blue battlesuit is nowhere to be seen.

After scanning the Core's gigantic chamber for a split-second, Henry finally locates Commander Adams. Neil holds a giant four-foot-long anti-tank rifle, with a barrel extending more then two feet forward. Thanks to the strength his exosuit gives him, Commander Adams lifts the 100-pound gun as easily as if it were a plastic toy.

_Batoom! Batoom!_

One shot after another, Neil sends bullets flying with pinpoint precision at the Grez's centers of mass. His bullets rip through their armor and tear out the other side. Each shot kills a Grez without fail, spraying their entrails fifteen feet across the Core.

Slowly but surely, humanity manages to push back the demonic invaders. Ten thousand Core personnel fight back against two hundred of the demons' newest shock troops. Still, the horror the monsters inflicted earlier in the battle leaves severe psychological wounds on the survivors.

Neil's helmet gives him another bullet flight prediction, allowing him to nail a ghoulish monster right as it pounces at one of his Captains. "Their numbers seem to be slowing. Ready yourselves! The main demon attack force is sure to strike soon! They won't give us a moment to regroup."

His words transmit into every exosuited soldier's earpiece. Allied demons sling fire and ice at the invaders, while the Harpies continue sniping all the heads they can locate.

However, despite Neil's warning, several more minutes pass. The monsters terrorizing the Core dwindle in number while slowing to a trickle from outside.

Henry's heart revs to maximum as he slays his thirtieth armored beast. He flicks his eyes around, only to survey the battlefield in confusion. "That's it? Only two hundred of these creatures? Something's not right."

Hardly has Henry voiced his concerns, before a voice speaks from his right. "No! Behind us!"

The young Lieutenant whips his head around, only for a lightning bolt of shock to rip through his body. "Mephisto!"

Behind humanity, from three of their seven available warp-gates, a flood of zombies, skeletons, and other undead monsters come pouring out. Their numbers rapidly increase, as if they were a river breaking free of a dam's constraints.

At the same time, the sounds of even more screeching than ever resound from outside the Core's dual-doors. A flood of monsters, far denser than before, barrels toward the Core at full speed.

The color drains from Henry's face. "That was only the first wave. There are more coming, plus Mephisto's undead! Everyone, fall back! Protect our paths of retreat! Defend the warp-gates!"

Above the battlefield, an aetherial Duke hovers with his head poking out of the ceiling.

Mephisto, the Duke of Mist, grins evilly. His bloodshot eyes glow with an eerie luster as he scrutinizes the battlefield.

"Hehehe... you sssilly humansss... alwaysss underessstimating usss demonsss. That will be your downfall..."

"Now go, my prettiesss... I ssstill need to sssnatch my ultimate prize today. Ossse be damned."

---

**Author Notes:**

**[This is the Standard-issue T-REX.](https://i.imgur.com/F7aC5Zz.jpg) Expect to see the other models soon!**

This is the Standard-issue T-REX.