Part 200: Jepthath's Inheritance
Part 200: Jepthath's Inheritance

_Five years passed. After witnessing the death of all my fellow Legionnaires, along with Hercules' imprisonment, I all but lost myself to madness and rage._

Jepthath's visions shift, revealing a series of images where he pounces at demons from the shadows, eviscerates them, and then slips back into the darkness. At one point, he ambushes a 100-demon-strong platoon of grunts, rips off their limbs, and beats them to death with their own extremities.

_Despite all my rage, I eventually brought myself back to reality. I came to realize that with Hercules imprisoned, it was my job to protect humanity from the demons. However, since Hercules alone possessed the ability to contract with other beings, I could not regrow the Legion by myself._

_Undeterred by that overwhelming setback, I realized that I had gained something incredibly valuable to offset my loss._

_Power._

_Hercules shared half of his Titan strength with me, turning me into a devastating weapon capable of tearing demonkind apart. He had once tried bestowing greater amounts of his power with the Legion, but due to his Titan ancestry, no soldier's body could increase their vitality more than threefold._

_I was the lone exception._

_Honed by combat and tempered by rage, I gritted through mountains of pain and suffering, granting myself enhanced resistance to his power's negative effects. Eventually, I molded his energy within myself and altered its properties._

_I made Hercules's strength my own._

Time flashes forward — Jepthath's vision changes to reveal a small community of humans, barely a hundred strong. Jepthath stands atop a small boulder, surrounded by stone huts covered with straw. Around him, the entire village bows deeply, awed by his presence.

"Jip-jip jong! Jip-jip jong!"

The crowd chants a few words over and over. Some of the gathered men and women raise their heads to gaze upon Jepthath with admiration and fear.

_Thanks to Hercules's soul manipulation, I was capable of speaking the language of the Titans and Gods. However, until I established a contract with those under me, I could not share the gift of language with them. Thankfully, this did not impede me, as I had once communicated in much the same way as they did, centuries before._

Jepthath crosses his arm over his chest. "Hoya! Bon-bon, kuu fi-fi!"

The villager nod. In unison, they rise to their feet, run to their huts, and come back with a hundred small baskets of fruit and vegetables. They return with looks of eagerness on their faces and place the baskets down around Jepthath's rock in a circle, then step backward, allowing him to examine their gifts.

_Since I could not rebuild the Legion without Hercules's help, I instead rescued a village from a demonic assault, saving them from the same fate my family had once suffered. Afterward, I moved their village into the mountains a hundred miles away from Sinai. Their only purpose was to gather food for me, as well as news and information regarding the demon's movements. However, despite how I used them as a tool in my quest to kill the demons, I came to realize that these humans did not look at me as a man, but as a God._

_They called me the **Illuminator.**_

Jepthath descends from his rock. He reaches behind it to pull out a backpack made from woven vines, then casually walks around, plucking the juiciest-looking fruits for himself. After slinging his backpack over his shoulder, Jepthath turns to face the expectant villagers and their eager gazes.

"Gup. Kra-kra, yong."

He motions to the west, where Mount Sinai looms on the horizon. The villagers press their palms together and bow deeply, allowing their heads to touch the dirt.

Without another word, Jepthath trudges away from the village. He leaps over a twenty-foot-tall wooden pallisade, one with hundreds of spears facing in every possible direction, and impacts the dirt on the other side with a heavy _whump._ The village's wall, built to withstand a demon grunt assault force, might not last forever, but it should give Jepthath enough time to return and save his people if the need arises.

Time passes. Jepthath increases his pace and stomps through the jungle leading up to Sinai relentlessly. His stamina never depletes, nor does his speed drop even after running for hours on end. Eventually, he arrives at the base of Mount Sinai. There, he spots a horde of demons charging toward the mountain's base.

[I see the horde, Master Hercules. How fares your battle?]

Jepthath closes his eyes and focuses his mind. His perception shifts to his Titan commander, where Hercules sits inside a jail cell.

[I sense someone approaching — the Earthmother, Uzziel. No doubt, she has some plan to release me, a laughable notion. Worry about yourself. I have no orders for you, Jepthath. Do whatever you feel necessary. I consider us equals in this war against our shared enemy. Should I fall, my power will transfer to you. Continue fighting; never give up.]

Jepthath nods. [Speak not of surrender. If a demon approaches me, I will kill it without fail. I take my leave, Master.]

[Farewell. I will keep you informed on Heaven's situation.]

Jepthath disconnects his mind from Hercules', then walks over to a large rock with a hole smashed in its top. He sets his backpack filled with food inside, then gently places a cover over the hole to keep it safe.

Jepthath's inner voice speaks once again.

_With tens of thousands, perhaps even millions of demons swarming Mount Sinai, I knew I had a chance to deal significant damage to my mortal enemies. I hadn't sat idly for the last five years, but had instead built up a network of human resistance cells throughout the region. Each one worshipped me like a God, fed me, and gave me information on the movements and locations of demon hideouts. With the entirety of the demonic hordes converging on Sinai, I knew that their homes would be all but empty._

_Never again would I have such a golden opportunity to deal damage to their society. My goal was not merely to kill demons, after all, but to exterminate them. As such, my focus never wavered; I had to eliminate their broodmothers and kill Lucifer._

_If one considered Valac to be the demonic personification of death; then Lucifer would be the demon's hideous, mutated version of Uzziel. Lucifer created not only their broodmothers, but she even twisted and manipulated the life around her to produce goblins, orcs, and all other types of abhorrent monsters. I could kill demons from sunrise to sundown, but so long as Lucifer and her broodmothers survived, demonkind would return again and again for the rest of eternity._

Jepthath crouches low in the grass. However, due to the Titan power flowing through his veins, hiding his seven-foot-tall body amidst the shrubbery proves impossible. A few dozen demon grunts with sharp eyes spot their dark-skinned stalker and whirl to face him.

"Look! Over there! It's one o' them fleshbags sneakin' around! Forget the angels; let's get some grub!"

The demons charge at Jepthath, but he merely shrugs in response. "Oh? I wanted to slip past these fools, but I suppose a warmup before the main event won't be so bad..."

What follows is a scene of carnage. Jepthath leaps at the forty grunts, startling them with his swift movements. He smashes his feet into a Brute's head, killing it instantly, then grabs its corpse and uses it like a hammer. He crushes ten demons flat, breaking their bodies with his Herculean strength.

By the time the others have managed to track his rampaging form, Jepthath reaches them and sends their souls scattering to the Great Beyond. Within minutes, all that remains of the forty demon grunts is a grassy field bathed in blood, dotted with craters.

Jepthath leaps into the air and heaves a sigh. "I never did enjoy sneaking around."

The Titan's servant lands amidst a platoon of burners. They immediately swivel to face the human in their midst, but Jepthath doesn't give them a moment to react. He rips the blade-arms off a nearby scyther and uses its appendages to cut through and wipe out more than five hundred demons over the course of ten minutes.

Eventually, Jepthath fades into the jungle. He smirks as two Barons show up and discover the corpses of their comrades, bewilderment on their faces.

"Your time will come, ascended ones."

---

[Aaaaah! It hurts! My head, gaugh! That damned demoness... she- gah!]

Jepthath, now slinking around an underground passage, winces as Hercules's words appear in his mind. A sense of agony pours into his brain, transmitted via Hercules's mental link.

[Master? Master?! What happened? Are you injured?!]

Jepthath ducks into an alcove tucked deep within the demon's underground lair. He turns his thoughts inward and tries to connect to Hercules's mind, only for scattered images of blinding pain to explode in his brain. Jepthath immediately severs the link to prevent himself from going insane.

"Ahh, damnation! Someone attacked my Master. He's badly injured. I can't stay here; I must go to him!"

Jepthath casts a glance down the hallway. A couple of patrolling Demons Lords, male and female, lazily saunter around, seemingly unworried about the possibility of a counter-attack. After all, with the angels and Titans trapped within Heaven, who could possibly pose a threat to them and the broodmothers?

Jepthath bites his lip. "No, damn. I can't leave now. I'll never make it to my Master's side in time to save him. I need to remain focused on my mission. Killing the broodmothers is my most important goal."

With a heavy heart, Jepthath spares only a tiny bit of attention toward Hercules's plight. The rest of his focus goes into locating the hiding holes of the broodmothers.

The patrolling Demon Lords continue walking toward Jepthath's alcove. Oblivious to the predator lurking within the shadows, the two of them shoot the shit with one another. "-what I'm saying! Satan thinks this big attack on Heaven will work, but he's an idiot! If we didn't have Bael, we'd lose in ten seconds! Satan's lucky he has the Balrog on his side, or he could kiss his stupid tush goodbye."

The first Lord, a young guy with a chubby body, blood-red cape, and a wreath of flowers around his neck, crows to the demoness at his side, ridiculing Satan without holding anything back.

However, the other Lord, a  female with narrow eyes, extra-pointy ears, and small iron marbles embedded in her skin, scoffs. "You'd best watch your mouth. If anyone hears you saying such things and reports it to Satan, he'll stick your head on a pike."

"Relax, sis! Sheesh. Do you really think someone would rat on us to Satan? The guy's a total loser. Bael might be dumb, but he could beat Satan with both hands tied behind his back. Satan can call himself the First Emperor all he wants, but as long as Bael's around, we all know who's _really_ in charge."

"And what if Satan succeeds?" The female asks. She rubs a few of the iron balls embedded in her chest. "I think he has a chance at beating the angels. In any case, I wish I could be there instead of here. The battle is sure to be all sorts of fun."

"Pft. You're nuts, Oni. I bet everyone will die except for Bael. When they do, we'll be here, alive. Bael will have no choice but to make us Dukes! Then he'll become an Emperor, and we'll be like his number one and two!"

The two demons walk ever closer to Jepthath's hidey-hole. He coils his muscles and prepares to pounce.

"It's _boring_ wandering around while everyone else gets to fight," Oni pouts. "I'd much rather be picking apart angels and peeling the flesh from their bones while they beg me for mercy. Only then could I- ah! Watch out!"

Oni's heart skips a beat. Some unknown extrasensory ability on her body activates, allowing her to dive forward and duck Jepthath's sneak attack. The human pounces from the shadows and swings both of his fists, intending to take out both Lords. Instead, he only manages to kill Oni's brother, crushing the young Lord's head with his bare hands.

Oni rolls to the side and motions with her hands. She barely spares a look at her dead brother and instead gazes at the glowing-eyed human before her, his black skin blending in with the darkened corridors of the demon's lair.

"Bastard! You killed Poli! What the hell are you?! You're not a Titan! You're not a human, either!"

Jepthath rises to his feet. He gazes at the lone demoness with a mixture of disgust and hatred. "I am your nightmare."

The female's eyes widen. "Wait... it's you! You're that human, the one Barbatos mentioned! You're the fucker who's been killing our patrols!"

Jepthath doesn't reply. He lunges at the woman and swings his fist, but when he strikes her chest, his fist crumples as if he's punched an iron wall. The girl flies backward and hits the ground, then slides to a stop. Her chest writhes and twitches unnaturally as the metal marbles embedded in her skin shift around the spot Jepthath punched.

"Kah!" Oni coughs blood, spitting it all over the dirt floor. "You damned fleshbag dogfucker... you killed Poli... I won't forgive you..."

Jepthath balls his fingers into a fist again. "It's not often a Lord survives one of my punches. You're surprisingly durable, demoness. It's a good thing I'll be killing you before you can become a threat."

The young demoness's pupils shrink as the glowing-eyed human pounces at her again. He raises his fist, intending to finish her in one blow.

Suddenly, a flash of motion intercepts Jepthath! A Demon Lord appears from out of nowhere and kicks Jepthath in the ribs, sending him crashing into the wall.

Oni stares at the newly appeared figure with a heart of gratitude. "O-Orias?! Is that you?"

Orias, Lord of the Moon, stands with his back to Oni. He shivers and trembles as fatigue wracks his body.

"Leave, little one. This foe is beyond you. I'll slow him so you can escape."

Orias's voice cracks every few words. He gasps for breath and appears visibly winded, though his fatigue doesn't come from his attack against Jepthath. Instead, Orias's pain comes from unleashing his Beauteous One's full power earlier that day, a move which ultimately allowed him to overpower Uriel and her Valkyries, but which also devastated his body.

Veins bulge across Orias's light pink skin. His awful complexion reveals the exhaustion wracking his entire body. Despite this, he doesn't budge as Jepthath steps out of the wall and leaps into the center of the hallway once again.

Oni struggles to her feet. Having taken one of Jepthath's punches, her condition isn't any better than Orias's. "No! You can't stay here! That human will kill you!"

"He won't. Go!"

Orias bellows at the girl, cowing her into submission. She only hesitates for an instant before turning tail and fleeing in the other direction.

Soon, only Jepthath and Orias remain. The two warriors size each other up. Despite Orias's surprise attack, the human appears to be in peak condition, while his opponent limps at death's door.

"What do you hope to achieve?" Jepthath asks. "I'll kill you, and that girl. It makes no difference to me whether one of you survives a little longer."

Beads of sweat drip down Orias's face. The Lord of the Moon clutches a few different gems in his palm while shaking his head. "I know why you've come. You intend to kill the broodmothers. Every moment I delay you gives Satan additional time to finish his business in Heaven."

Jepthath laughs. "Haha. Your leader can't win. The difference between a Demon Emperor and an Archangel is like that between Heaven and Earth. Similarly, the difference between us will result in your death."

Orias purses his lips. "Perhaps."

The two warriors stand perfectly still for a split-second. Then, they attack!

Jepthath leaps at the wall to his right, presses his feet against it, and dives straight toward Orias, intending to grab his waist and pin him to the ground. However, Orias snaps his fingers to absorb an onyx gem. Its blackened energy transforms him into a shadow, allowing him to melt into the darkness and evade Jepthath's attack.

Jepthath's glowing eyes flash with dazzling energy. He flicks his gaze around and locks onto the mana surrounding himself, then spins on his heel and claps his hands.

_Boom!_

A thunderclap explodes from between his palms, striking the wall and rattling Orias's innards. The Lord of the Moon demorphs from his shadow form and stumbles forward, blood rupturing from his eyes, ears, and nose. "Guhk!"

"You're too weak to use cheap tricks on me, bloodskin," Jepthath says with an evil gleam in his eye.

The two combatants begin rapidly trading blows. However, any attack Orias flings at Jepthath proves ineffective against the Titan's Servant. Jepthath dodges a dozen shadow-lances, shrugs off two bolts of lightning to his chest, and stands firm against a blast of kinetic energy capable of turning concrete to powder.

Meanwhile, each time Jepthath claps his hands, the sheer power of his soundwaves rattle and rip apart Orias's innards. The Baron of the Stars activates several defensive gems, but at best, they only guard against a portion of Jepthath's might.

"Kah-huck!"

Orias vomits blood uncontrollably. His pink skin loses even more of its luster, morphing into a ghastly grey color, much like Valac's undead minions.

"Not much longer," Jepthath says, a hint of mockery in his voice. "And now, for the part I enjoy most."

Jepthath sizes up his demon opponent. Orias trembles and shakes. He barely manages to keep on his feet through little more than sheer willpower. Unable to heal himself, the Lord can only defend passively as his half-Titan enemy readies himself for the killing blow.

Suddenly, before Jepthath can lunge toward Orias one last time, a bolt of blinding pain shoots through his skull!

[No! You damned Archangel! Stop! You can't take my powers! They're mine!]

Hercules's voice bellows in Jepthath's mind, momentarily stunning him. The mental assault causes Jepthath's body to seize up, making him stumble and fall to his knees.

Disbelief washes over Orias's face. Unsure if his enemy is feigning weakness to make him lower his guard, he hesitates for a second while deciding whether he should attack Jepthath's opening or not. It doesn't take him long to decide.

_I'm about to die anyway! If I don't attack this human now, I'll lose my only shot at crippling him!_

Jepthath reels as Hercules's voice starts to fade away. With Uzziel healing Hercules's wounds while sealing his powers, he quickly begins to lose contact with Jepthath.

_Shik!_

Ten dark lances leap from Jepthath's shadow and skewer his chest. Unable to move, he fails to defend himself, allowing Orias to deal a grievous blow. The pain of Orias's sneak attack brings Jepthath crashing back to reality, where he finally loses contact with his Master.

"Gah... damned demon... during my moment of weakness..."

Unbridled rage smolders in Jepthath's gaze. He pushes himself to his feet and rips the shadow-lances from his body. Each one melts into particles of darkness and lands at his feet as blackened dust. With several deep piercing wounds spread across his figure, Jepthath begins to bleed profusely, transforming him once again into the image of a blood-bathed savage.

Orias takes a step back. His pupils shrink as he watches the human advance toward him. "I stabbed your heart! How can you still walk?!"

Jepthath spits out a mocking laugh. "Haha... if only you'd aimed for my head."

The empowered human stomps forward, moving at a glacial pace compared to only a minute earlier. As he walks, his eyes glow brighter than ever, transforming from pure white orbs into a slightly golden color. His body regenerates and his wounds seal.

To Orias's surprise, tears stream down Jepthath's face, mixing with his enraged expression to create a feeling of heartbreak and loss.

[Master... Master... have you fallen? Where are you? Why has your full power entered me?]

Jepthath transmits his words over Hercules' soul link, but his thoughts fade into oblivion. Hercules never receives his pupil's message.

Hercules's full might enters Jepthath's body. It transforms into a whirlwind of mana and engulfs him in a cyclone of power. Orias retreats several steps as the furious energy swirling around Jepthath threatens to press the Demon Lord against the wall and mash him into mulch.

"Delaying you is all I ever intended to do, human! Cough... I've done what I can! I won't sacrifice myself here for nothing!"

Orias pulls out a green emerald from the folds of his robe. He wraps his hand around it, snaps his fingers, and disappears from Jepthath's sight. His body fades into the wind and rushes down the tunnel, vanishing before Jepthath can fully recover.

The Titan's Servant rubs his chest. The pain he once felt from Orias's attack no longer stings like before. Even better, the dull, throbbing discomfort he previously suffered from Hercules's mana vanishes without a trace. Upon receiving 100% of Hercules's soul energy, Jepthath's strength and vitality not only double, but even triple and quadruple. His muscles bulge so much that they almost split his skin. Jepthath sucks in a deep breath and smiles, intoxicated by the newfound might flowing within his veins.

"Hah... Master... I will not forget your sacrifice. Whoever killed you, I will pay them back a hundredfold. For now, though, I must continue my quest. I must wipe out every demon on Earth. I will not rest until they have all perished."

---

Jepthath's newly awakened physique makes him unstoppable against any demon below the rank of a Duke. He rips across the demon's burrow, killing dozens of stragglers. Upon finding their nursery, the human wastes no time in plunging his hands into the helpless women's chests and ripping out their spines. Unable to fight back, the broodmothers can do little more than beg for mercy before meeting their end at the hands of the glowing-eyed monster.

Jepthath laughs. "Hahaha... never have I felt as satisfied in all my life as I do at this very moment!"

He charges through the burrows, killing any demon he spots. However, after two hours, Jepthath slows his movements and frowns.

"Something's not right. I've found only a few hundred Broodmothers in this burrow. The demons must have other holes hidden throughout the land. At this rate, they'll return and rescue their hellspawn-whelpers before I can finish killing them!"

Jepthath continues searching the burrow, and when he finds a Scyther cowering behind a rock, he leaps at the blade-armed demon and slams it against the ground.

"Demon filth! Where are the rest of your burrows? Tell me!"

The Scyther struggles mightily to break free of Jepthath's grip, but the human merely tightens his grasp on the young demon's neck.

"Puh... please! I don't... know... anything..."

"Don't act like I'm stupid. Tell me the truth, and I'll grant you a quick death. Lie, and we'll be here for hours."

To emphasize his point, Jepthath pulls back his finger and flicks the Scyther's kneecap, shattering the bone with the barest of effort.

"Aaaaaiiiee!!"

The Scyther howls in agony, unable to fight back. His heart-wrenching scream elicits no response from the human standing atop him.

"Please... please! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I don't know anything! I don't know-"

Before the Scyther can finish his sentence, Jepthath jams his thumb into the demon's eyeball, gouging it out in a horrific act of depravity. The pain nearly makes the demon faint, but Jepthath slaps him back to life.

"Tell me where the other burrows are! Don't think I'm not enjoying this, bloodskin! I'll torture you all day if that's what it takes!"

"Nnn... please... I'm sorry... I'm sorry..."

The Scyther tries to lift its bladed-arm, but it hasn't any strength left. It sags in Jepthath's grasp and takes its final breath before passing away.

Jepthath growls. "Worthless bloodskin. You were so weak; you couldn't even endure a little torture. Pathetic."

Jepthath casts the demon aside. A ghastly expression spreads across his face as he contemplates his next move.

"I can't hunt for the burrows all by myself. That will take too long. Now that I have my Master's power, I must use it to its fullest capability."

After coming to a decision, Jepthath rises to his feet. He dashes down hallways and past alcoves as he heads for the underground labyrinth's exit. The empowered human explodes into the midday sun and immediately beelines toward the nearest allied settlement, a look of delight on his face.

"My Master always said I would one day lead my fellow men to conquer the demons. Perhaps even he hadn't a clue how right he was."

Within minutes, Jepthath arrives at the edge of a human village, one he helped fortify with wooden pallisades and other protective measures a year before. He pounces over the wall and lands amidst the primitive mud huts. The village's residents swivel in fright to face the intruder in their midst, only to breathe a sigh of relief as they discover his identity.

"Ka-ka-la! Bobo!" A young girl cries. She squeals with delight as she runs over to Jepthath, only to pause when she spots the blood and gore covering his body.

Jepthath fixates his glowing eyes on the villagers as they drop what they're doing and rush to greet him. Everyone bows before Jepthath, their Illuminator, and greets him with the same reverence they'd afford a god.

"Jop-jop! Jop-jop! Jop-jop!"

The villagers kowtow and press their faces to the ground while occasionally raising their gazes to beam admiring smiles at Jepthath.

The Titan's Servant presses his bloody fist against his chest. "Hear me. I am Jepthath, your king. I've come today to take my place at humanity's head! No longer will we bow to the angels, nor will we flee from the demons! We are not weak. We are strong! Mighty! Unstoppable! We must show the world our might and our resolve! Come! All of you, place your hands atop mine! Join me and ascend to godhood!"

Jepthath thrusts out his hand and holds it palm-up. However, despite his speech, the villagers merely continue smiling. A few of them cast confused glances at the others, but nobody takes a step forward.

Jepthath's shoulders sag.

"Oh, right. Ah... kiki, maka-laka. Hoppa."

The moment he dumbs down his language, the eyes of the villagers light up. They quickly stride forward and place their hands on his, allowing his newly acquired Herculean power to spread amongst them. Everyone accepts Jepthath's power, including the women and children.

Soon, every single villager's eyes glow pure white, much like Jepthath's.

"We thank you, Illuminator," The village's chieftain says. With his newly acquired linguistic ability, he speaks his mind as easily as if he's done so his entire life. "We will follow you anywhere you ask."

Jepthath nods. "Excellent. For now, come with me."

He smiles.

"We've bloodskins to kill."