Part 659: AMBITION
Part 659: AMBITION

_January 27th, 2021. 9 AM. Boise National Forest, Idaho._

Hideki Hiro sat on the sofa inside his log cabin, surrounded by various animals. Cats, dogs, birds, lizards, all manner of animals sat on the couch with him or nearby. Some of them sat on the fireplace mantle, some clung to shelves on the walls, and plenty simply sat or lay on the floor.

On the old-timey television television in front of the couch, Harold Whittaker sat in his rocking chair like he always did, but this time he was sitting motionless while directing a piercing stare at Hideki.

"Eh? Wassat?" Harold asked, leaning forward and cupping a hand to his ear. "I didn't quite make it out!"

"Don't play old and deaf with me, gramps." Hideki said with a chuckle. "Your senses are sharper than many demons. You heard me rightly. Jason is putting the finishing touches on a hidden world. Says it'll be a really cool secret base or something."

Harold's glossy-eyed look of foolishness slipped away. He leaned back in his chair and flippantly waved a hand at Hideki. "Bah. I'm too old for all that crap. So long as my friends can live good lives, I'm happy."

His friends, naturally, were all the animals living around the log cabin; those he had uplifted either deliberately or unwittingly for the last fifty-plus years. In total, there were about two hundred of them, but this number was deceptively small, as many more had already migrated out into the woods of Idaho, and further beyond...

"CAWWW! HAPPINESS IS BULLSHIT! CAWWW!" The loudmouthed crow in the room shouted.

"Do any of you want to come with me?" Hideki asked, smiling at the animals around him. "Jason will show up here in a minute to take me to his new land."

Most of the animals performed the equivalent of a shrug. The crow especially seemed uninterested.

"I will go." A regal-looking parakeet with bright blue feathers and a red head eventually said in a tone that was very un-parakeet-like. He puffed out his chest and grandiosely swept his gaze around the room. "I should very much like to see what this new Holy Land looks like."

"STUPID IDIOT!" The Crow squawked. "BORING LAND! MUCH NICER HERE! NO STINKING HUMANS BOTHERING YOU! CAWWW!"

"Jeffery, be nice." Hideki lightly admonished the crow. "Sir Marcus, if you want to come along, I can have Jason bring you. Anyone else?"

Sir Marcus, the parakeet, nodded his bright red head and flaw over to Hideki's shoulder, landing smoothly and without error. "I suggest everyone else stay here. I will return post-haste and inform you all of the sights I've witnessed."

The other animals nodded. They weren't too interested in leaving the log cabin, not being adventurous types.

Shortly after, a figure flickered inside the room, revealing himself to be Jason Hiro. He looked the same as ever, and nothing appeared different from the last time anyone had seen him... at least not on the surface.

"Dad." Jason said, nodding to Hideki. "And all the rest of you. Aevum is finally ready for visitors. Are you?"

"It's just going to be me and Sir Marcus." Hideki said, gesturing with his thumb at the pretty blue parakeet on his shoulder. "The others want to wait and hear from him later before they decide to visit or not."

Jason smiled. "That'll do. Let's go then. **Return!**"

The second the Word of Power left Jason's mouth, he and his father vanished from the log cabin, and the world around them instantly changed.

Hideki swayed on his feet. He felt slightly dizzy for a moment, but the feeling quickly passed. He stood tall and looked around the room he had just appeared inside.

It was some sort of white-tiled medical facility, complete with simplistic-looking bipedal robots that stood at attention and assessed the new arrivals with blank eyes. These robots appeared relatively human, except for the shiny and smooth metal plating on their bodies. Their strangely thin metal 'fingers' looked like one-sided tweezers with little gripping force.

The room itself had several medical beds along the side walls, as well as monitoring stations and other such equipment. Jason noticed the momentary confusion on Hideki's face and quickly explained.

"This is the Arrival Area." Jason explained. "Pending a better name, I guess. Because Aevum exists in a higher dimension where time moves at 365 times reality's speed, there's a real chance someone transitioning between temporal dimensions will have a medical complication. Thus, we send them here to ensure robodocs can take care of them in case they collapse. Are you feeling alright, dad?"

Hideki took a moment to assess his body. "I'm fine. How about you, Sir Marcus?"

The parakeet appeared unfazed. "I am feeling most excellent! Thank you for asking, Hideki."

Jason glanced at the parakeet. "You seem like a bright fellow."

"Thank you for the compliment!" Marcus chirped. "I do not know if I would refer to myself as 'bright' but I do have a PhD in physics! I even wrote a small dissertation on spatial folding!"

Seeing the confusion on Jason's face, Hideki butted in. "Marcus took online classes. Obviously he couldn't have attended in person."

Jason glanced at the bird's feet, seemingly putting two and two together. Apparently, he must have hopped around on a keyboard to type out his dissertation. That was... a novel way of doing things. Jason didn't think he had it in him to replicate such a feat, certainly not by typing with his toes.

These days, he could easily write a high level dissertation, but he had to admit that was only due to his artificial brain enhancements. Without them, he was not much smarter than any baseline human... probably _dumber_, if he was being especially hard on himself.

"Well, a few hundred years of life must have given me at least a _small_ amount of wisdom." Jason muttered beneath his breath.

"What was that?" Marcus asked.

"Oh, nothing. Let's go." Jason answered.

In truth, Jason was no longer as foolish as during his youth. Sure, he screwed up and caused his wife to die, and Tarus II fell as well, but that was more due to the sudden and unexpected Volgrim sneak attack. Had they not betrayed him, he would have continued to amass power and slowly draw the galaxy into the palm of his hand.

He silently vowed to never fall for such a deception ever again.

The Arrival Area was located on the southern outskirts of Argent, within the Great Barrier, but far enough from the center of Aevum that if an enemy were to arrive inside they wouldn't immediately be able to wreck the most important components of Aevum.

As Jason, his father, and the bird perched on Hideki's shoulder emerged from the underground chamber and stepped into Argent's city limits, Hideki couldn't help but pause, gape in awe, and look around his surroundings with widened eyes.

"No cheating, dad." Jason said to Hideki with a smirk. "Don't you dare rewind and pretend not to be amazed."

"I... would never..." Hideki murmured, seemingly in a trance.

The pitch-black sky above, lacking in starlight, nonetheless glowed due to the presence of a giant false star. This star was actually not large by any means, and was simply close enough to Aevum's planetary surface that its small size gave it the perfect falsified appearance of a yellow M-class star, like Earth's Sol.

Birds chirped in the air. Many cute critters crawled around Argent's inner city limits. Unlike the land outside Argent, these critters were treated purely as decoration and groundskeepers, their population managed by a system Jason had yet to show off to anyone else. Their primary purpose was to chew on any greenery that grew too tall, but without natural predators inside of Argent, they might explode in number and overwhelm the inner city's natural food reserves.

Twelve towering spires rose from the ground and twisted into the sky. Each sent a beam of energy into the Nexus Tower, and each beam was colored differently. Even someone totally unversed in magic could tell at a glance that these towers were based on various elements. Water, fire, earth, air, light, dark, magnetism, electricity, and even a few other strange and exotic ones Hideki could not identify at a glance. These towers surrounded the Nexus but were placed quite a distance away from the central tower, seemingly keeping them from interfering with one another.

Hideki's gaze happened to fall toward the ground. He spotted glowing lines of energy that pulsed beneath his feet, as if the very planet of Aevum itself were a living, breathing entity. These were the Leylines of magic that supported several auxiliary functions of Aevum, but Hideki simply had no way of comprehending what it all tied into. Not yet, at least, as Jason had explained nothing.

In addition to the false sun in the sky, there were also a number of curious black diamond-shaped objects floating high in the air above. Each one was as big as several city buses stacked together, and there appeared to be twelve of them, the same number as the elemental towers. They hovered directly above the towers, but at a high elevation; their purpose unknown.

"Alright..." Hideki said, after a long minute of taking the sights in. "I'll admit it. I'm utterly confused, but equally impressed."

He gave his son an inscrutable look, as if he couldn't quite believe the changes Jason had undergone. Was this really the dumb little dipshit who, in every other previous life incarnation, had never amounted to anything and had ended up completely wasting his powers? The Jason before him now had just created something so far out the realm of Hideki's expectations that, frankly, he couldn't begin to guess at what Aevum's holistic purpose was. Jason hadn't told him much of anything before he left Earth to build this place!

Time was of the essence, of course. Hideki certainly didn't blame his son. The sooner Aevum was constructed, the sooner Jason could put its time dilation to use and start rapidly advancing his future goals.

"Let's go on a tour." Jason said with a smile.

He uttered a few Words of Power, and a flying boat manifested on the ground a short distance away. It completely resembled an ordinary rowboat, but when Hideki and his son stepped inside, it lifted into the air and began to fly into the sky.

As they flew upward, Hideki could finally get an aerial view of the city. His eyes nearly popped out of his head! The Leylines he'd noticed on the ground were nothing compared to what was visible from above! There were hundreds, thousands, even hundreds of thousands of Leylines stretching across every meter of Argent's inner city limits. The magical energy traveling within them pulsed regularly, with a rhythm not dissimilar to a beating heart. The more Hideki observed them, the more they seemed to resemble blood vessels.

"Aevum is a living entity." Jason began to explain. "Currently, it is non-sentient. It is a 'miniature' moon-sized celestial object less than 100 kilometers in diameter that operates purely based on pre-programmed magical software. Every day, it slowly grows in size, causing minor planetquakes. These are not a big issue though, as I used magic to localize those quakes outside of Argent in the Proving Grounds."

Hideki was tongue-tied. He had, naturally, studied countless scientific and magical texts across his long and storied life, but nothing had prepared him for the words his son was speaking.

Sir Marcus, on the other hand, was less star-struck. The little parakeet took this shocking new reality in stride!

"Most impressive!" Marcus chirped. "I can easily see that everything in Aevum is well-thought out; all part of a centralized concept. Every individual component works together in harmony."

"That's right." Jason said, directing an appreciative gaze at the funny bird. "It all has a purpose. Take for example the Nexus Tower; the heart of Aevum."

He gestured toward the massive spire in the center of Argent.

"This tower has so much solar and magical energy flowing through it, it would knock your socks off. At present, I have only managed to siphon the energy of twelve stars from outside Aevum's voidspace, but due to my incredible advancements in efficient engineering, these stars are ten times more valuable than the stars I siphoned energy from back when I made Chrona! If I could only tap into 1% of a star's energy before, I can siphon 10% now! Truly an order of magnitude in efficiency!"

Jason gestured toward several surprisingly barren areas inside the city where nothing had been built yet.

"Aevum is still incomplete. I've only worked on it for about a year, but there's plenty more to do. Over there, south of the Nexus, at the site of the Life Tower, I plan to create the 'Aegis Womb'. This might sound strange, but I had a burst of inspiration, and I realized I could harness the power of Life Energy to grow random, mutated artifacts. I won't be able to control their growth much if at all, but because they will be mostly hands-off, they will likely grow quite formidable over time!"

He pointed to the east. "And over there in that spot, next to the Gravitic Tower, I'll build The Threshold. That's where I'll be constructing massive subdimensions capable of shrinking and distorting the mass of objects so I can build up a stockpile of weapons, armor, vehicles, and other implements."

He pointed to the west. "The Electric Tower is also quite interesting. That's where I'll be building the Simulacrum Hub, which will connect to the twelve floating pylons in the sky. You see those black diamond-shaped things way up there? Those are where people will be able to enter and train inside of a virtual environment. I actually had the idea based on the Queen Network, but this implementation is much more advanced!"

"The Queen Network?" Hideki asked.

"Ah, it's a virtual simulation where people can gain practical fighting experience without fear of dying. However, the Simulacrum is even better! I borrowed Mildred's idea of that Titan-based Mindcore, the _RealitySim_, and took it to the next level. Since I can't fit two MindCores in my head, why not build a much bigger version of one so I can access it as needed?!"

"You can do that?" Hideki asked in surprise. "Won't that be dangerous? Couldn't it hurt you if you connected to another MindCore? That's what Mildred said after all..."

"Correct." Jason answered. "But don't worry, dad. The Simulacrum won't _actually_ be a MindCore. It will simply be a highly advanced virtual environment capable of hooking up to my brain and the brains of other people. In this way, I can obtain the benefits of a RealitySim MindCore without having to pay the price!"

Jason paused, then looked at his father meaningfully.

"Not just me. You as well. Daisy. Everyone..."

Hideki frowned. He noticed the changed look on his son's face.

"Jason? What's this all about? There's something you're not telling me."

The flying boat came to a stop in midair. Jason turned to look out at Argent, staring at some small Finch-like birds flying through the air and chirping at one another.

A desolate look of sadness momentarily passed across his face before disappearing.

"I've always had it wrong." Jason said slowly. "From the very beginning."

"Had what wrong?" Hideki carefully asked.

"My purpose. My role in... all 'this.' The answer to the question about my life's purpose." Jason said, his tone melancholic. "I was so arrogant in my youth. I might not have seemed like it, always acting humble and trying to downplay my importance, but the truth is... I enjoyed having humanity rely on me. It was selfish. It was egotistical."

Jason looked his father in the eyes.

"When I met you and learned your story, it finally clicked. You put in the work. You spilled blood, sweat, and tears to put humanity on as perfect of a future trajectory as possible. You min-maxed every aspect of reality that you could affect until, eventually, you put me in position to save humanity 100,000 years in the future. If it wasn't for you, I would have died a nobody. All my accomplishments came from you."

Jason lowered his eyes. He stared at the ground in a manner most somber.

"I'm not humanity's Hero. I am not its savior. I am not the protagonist who should singlehandedly save everyone all with my own strength. And looking back, it's so obvious that this has always been the case; only my ego prevented me from seeing."

"My power is Wordsmithing. Put succinctly, I am a 'Creator'. I can enhance my body, enhance my fighting capabilities, and make myself fairly formidable... but I am the ultimate Generalist. Spending all my time trying to turn myself into a one-man-army is a waste! It's stupid, inefficient, and only something a blind fool would do."

Jason lifted his head and gestured broadly to Aevum.

"This. All of this. It's not for me. It's for the future warriors of humanity. It's for you, Daisy, and everyone else who will follow in your footsteps. I built Aevum for one purpose; to create an unstoppable human army that can sweep across the galaxy, overturn all the rules, and become invincible among their peers."

Hideki sucked in a small breath. "That's your plan? That's Aevum's central focus? Making _other_ humans powerful instead of yourself?"

"One hundred percent." Jason said with a wry smile. "Every minute I'm out there, in Realspace, fighting demons, I am wasting the gift the Creator gave me. I can fight, but I'm not a fighter. I can save people, but I'm not a savior. My job is to uplift others, to empower them, and make them the Heroes of their own story."

"The Simulacrum will allow people to train their powers, no matter what element they specialize in, and wield them with the prowess of a true powerhouse."

"The Aegis Womb will, in time, create various somewhat random artifacts, some of which will potentially end up in the hands of the perfect wielder. It will take time, but the results will speak for themselves."

"Outside Argent's Great Barrier, the Proving Grounds will slowly create more and more powerful monstrous beasts to allow our people to become adept at hunting fearsome live prey."

"Axis Mundi, The Infinite Mountain, will spew forth Genesis Ichor to greatly speed up the evolution of creatures that drink from it. Many will die, but some will evolve, rise up, and become apex exobeasts! Their bodies will not just make for fine trophies to those that hunt them down, but will also be usable in creating new Exotic materials to then turn into new Artifacts!"

"This is what Aevum is." Jason said, looking up at the Nexus Tower with stars in his eyes. "It is the future holy land of humanity! A place where the most deserving of humans can come to break past their limits! To ascend to godhood! To become capable of stepping on the heads of aliens and other Sentients who once thought themselves our betters!"

Jason stood up in the boat and raised his fist to the sky.

"If I must take a backseat so that others may rise to save humanity, then so be it! From now on, my only goal is to become the best Wordsmith possible; to reach the absolute apex of what my abilities can achieve! To that end, I will set aside my ego, my vanity, and my desire to be the focal point of humanity's future. I will allow myself to fade away into time, and for people to slowly forget me, so long as it results in my enemies failing to understand how important my work behind the scenes truly is!"

As Hideki looked up at the fire in his son's eyes, he couldn't help but become infected with the strange, almost religious fervor flowing from his soul.

Jason had finally set aside his self-loathing and doubt in order to become a better version of himself.

Yes, he had failed his daughter in the past. He had failed his wife. He had failed his friends and family.

But a true man could never allow these failures to define him! So long as Jason drew breath, there was always hope for redemption. There was always a way to reignite the fire that once lay dormant!

Jason slowly lowered his fist. He closed his eyes for a moment and released a long, deep sigh.

Then he opened his eyes and gazed into his father's soul.

"The real work begins now, dad. From now on, you will become humanity's most feared Hero. I will make you into a monster the Volgrim avoid, the demons skulk in the shadows when you draw near, and the angels never _dare_ to double-cross."

"Not just you." Jason said softly. "But also Daisy, and all the other humans who will soon come to rely on me."

Hideki stood up. He gently clasped his son's shoulders and smiled.

"Tell me what you need me to do, kid. I'm yours to command."