Part 572: Beauty and the Beast
Part 572: Beauty and the Beast

After Jason and Hope depart, Henry finds himself momentarily stranded alone at the Northern Base. This short period of isolation disappears quickly once the other soldiers notice the two Wordsmiths have disappeared. As if responding to an unknown Henry-Signal, more then ten thousand men and women descend upon Henry and surround him, cheering wildly.

"Henry!" General Chadwick exclaim. "Great work out there, young man! You truly proved yourself today!"

"You were so cool!" One of the female troopers says.

"You didn't flinch when the Kolvaxians attacked! You even managed to kill one!" A different man says. "My bullets wouldn't have staggered it!"

"I was wrong about you. You're not so bad after all."

"Are all the members of Hope's Parahumans as strong as you? Can I become one?"

"You? What about me? I want in!"

"I always believed in you, kid!"

"You're so handsome! Are you dating anyone?"

"Yo, Henry, show us what that sword can do, man!"

"Can you lift a tank for us?"

"We'd have died if it wasn't for you!"

...

Countless words barrage Henry, but he keeps his cool. After connecting to Jepthath's power, he has long grown used to the dull roar of other voices in his head, so this crowd doesn't faze him. However, he does grow annoyed by some of the self-serving praises these people are giving him.

_That one guy saying he 'always believed in me' was one of the people who snubbed me after the Tribunal. He's a coward and a liar._ Henry thinks.

[Most people are.] Jepthath confirms. [Do not fall for the pleasant words of flattery foisted upon you by such types. Everyone wants to get close to a Hero, but if you lose your power, how many will stay by your side? Only the ones who do can be qualified to be your trusted comrades.]

Henry nods and smiles perfunctorily as whoops and cheers go up around the crowd. He pulls out Artoria's blade, then stabs it into a boulder nearby, inviting people to try and pull it out. More than a hundred try, and it eventually becomes a bit of a game for them.

Eventually, Private Ashley walks over to Henry while the others are trying to pull the sword out.

"I'm sorry about earlier, Henry." Ashley says. "I disrespected you because of the Tribunal. You saved my life, as well as the lives of everyone else here. You deserve better from us."

Henry looks at the pretty young brown-haired girl, only a year older than him. Her sparkling eyes catch his gaze, and he swallows a small lump in his throat before looking off to the side, at Artoria's blade.

"It's fine. I can't really judge people for not liking me. What I did to Neil was reprehensible."

"Maybe so." Ashley says. "And to be honest, we wouldn't be having this conversation if you hadn't saved everyone here. But we all do respect strength. I just want to apologize to you because it's the right thing to do. You might be a lot stronger than the rest of us, but you're no Demon Deity. You still risked your life against those Kolvaxians, and you ultimately saved tens of thousands of lives. I think you've redeemed yourself a thousand times over."

Henry's eyes drift back to Ashley. He smiles lightly.

"Well. That does make me feel a bit better. Thanks, Ashley."

She smiles back, playing with her hair as she looks away. "It's the bare minimum, really. I was so disrespectful to you before the raid, I really ought to wash my mouth out with soap. I also don't want you thinking I'm only sucking up and trying to get in your good graces now that you're so powerful."

"The thought never even crossed my mind." Henry lies. "What do you say about trying to pull Artoria out of the stone?"

Ashley blinks. "You... named the sword after Artoria?"

"Yeah." Henry says, his smile dimming. "It felt appropriate, given her sacrifice."

"Were you and Artoria an item?" Ashley asks.

"No. Nothing like that. I will admit to a small crush I developed during the battle but... it was short-lived. She and I barely ever spoke, and I doubt she held any thoughts toward me. Now she's gone. I'll never see her again."

Ashley nods her head solemnly, her expression sympathetic. "We lost a good one. That was the second time I ever saw Artoria fight, the first being when she fought Demon Deity Mephisto. She left an impact, but I wish she'd been around longer so she could enjoy life."

Henry's eyes momentarily harden. A dark expression passes over his face as he gazes at Artoria's blade.

"Somehow, I'll make the Kolvaxians pay. I'll make it my life's mission if I have to. Not just for Artoria, but for all the others who've died."

The two continue talking for a little bit, and Henry's emotions cool. Eventually, their conversation draws to a close, and Henry walks over to Artoria, embedded in the stone.

"Did anybody manage to pull it out?" He asks.

"Not one person." Linda Hurent says, watching from the sidelines. "That thing must weigh a ton!"

"Two tons, actually." Henry says. "In its default state. One ton in its lightweight form, and four in its heaviest mode. Does anyone else want to give it one last try?"

Ashley grins. "I will! Probably won't accomplish anything other than looking like a dummy, but I've gotta try!"

She activates her full T-REX, enveloping her body, then she grabs the handle and tugs mightily with all her strength.

"Hunnnngh!"

Unfortunately, Ashley doesn't even manage to make the blade shift its weight. She gives up, perspiring lightly within her suit's confines.

"Never mind! You must be ridiculously strong to swing this thing around at its full weight, Henry."

Henry shrugs. "Definitely. But we all know you're holding back, Ashley. Why don't you... monsterize? Show us what you can really do?"

Despite wearing a helmet that hides her face, Ashley still freezes like a deer in the headlights. She slowly looks around, where many people are looking at her with hungry eyes, waiting to see what the strongest Orc-Morpher can do.

"I... I don't wanna become an orc again!" Ashley complains. "Orcs are so ugly! I think I'll pass..."

"Come on, Ashley!"

"You can do it!"

"Let's go, girl! Show us what you've got!"

"Just do it! Don't be scared!"

"We're not judging you! Show us how strong you are!"

Under the pressure from her peers, Ashley's hesitation crumbles. She grimaces inside her helmet, but eventually retracts her exosuit, standing only in her normal combat fatigues. After a second's hesitation, she reaches inside herself and grabs onto the power within, monsterizing her body and rapidly releasing the power of an orc!

Her height increases by 50%. Her muscles explode. Ashley roars to the sky as she towers nine feet tall, dwarfing every other human around her and causing them to look up at her with awe-filled eyes. While her true combat power in her orc form might not meet the level of a Demon Duke, she's certainly at the level of a Demon Baron, and her physical body likely breaks that limiter, if only by a little.

Her uniform tears in several places, but she manages to retain her modesty. Luckily, in her orc form, many of her inhibitions disappear, and she ends up standing proudly, looking down on the tiny people around her with a wicked grin.

"This puny little sword won't stop me anymore!" Ashley declares, in a manner more verbose than most orcs. While she might have become one of them, her brain patterns are still distinctly human.

Henry blinks twice. He's seen Ashley in her orc form once before, in a training area, but for some reason...

_Has she gotten taller?_ Henry wonders to himself. _She seems stronger than I remember._

Jepthath watches the scene through Henry's eyes. He chuckles mischievously. [Heh. Now there's a fine woman. You don't find too many of her caliber no matter how hard you look, yet this little lady is strangely bashful about displaying her abilities. If she practiced more, she could put up a good fight against you, Henry.]

Ashley reaches down and grabs hold of Artoria. She pulls, and the blade immediately shudders as she starts yanking it up out of the rock. Not two seconds later, she pulls it free and shakily holds it overhead, using both hands as she holds it in the sky.

"Woohoo! I did it! Ashley McCarthy is the best!"

The crowd cheers!

"Amazing, Ashley! You're stronger than I expected!"

"We couldn't even budge the sword a millimeter but you pulled it all the way out!"

People congratulate Ashley, making her think that maybe monsterizing isn't always as bad as she expects. Even some of the men direct appreciative gazes her way, admiring her finely toned and muscled body. The shredded clothes don't hurt her aesthetics, either.

After a few moments, Ashley lowers Artoria, appearing visibly tired. Despite being able to pull the blade out of the rock and lift it up, the weapon is still extremely taxing on her orc physique. She holds it out, and Henry takes it from her grasp. Compared to Ashley, Henry easily hefts the sword with one hand, while she can barely do so with both hands. The difference is obvious.

Still, nobody in the crowd mocks her. None of them even came close to wielding it, so her feat is still extremely impressive.

"You should monsterize more often." Henry says. "Maybe even consider joining Jepthath's Legion. Perhaps your ability could transfer to the other people, allowing many of us to monsterize at will."

Linda Hurent shakes her head. "Our studies have shown that different people have different affinities for various monster species. Ashley is the only S-class Orc-Genome transformer we've found. Other people are capable of transforming with the Power Gloves, but their strength always pales compared to hers."

Ashley sweeps her long brown hair out of her face. She grins in a way that might appear monstrous if she wasn't still human in important ways. Her lower teeth stick out of her mouth in a manner similar to ancient Sabertooth Tigers, albeit in reverse. "You are right. I do not think my ability will help others. It is too niche."

"Jepthath's power defies conventional wisdom." Henry says, pressing the matter a little more. "We can share powers and abilities among all the Legion members at once. In order to make a stronger humanity, I think this is worth a shot."

Ashley shrugs, clearly not interested. But, hearing they might obtain strength similar to Henry, many men and women in the vicinity think a little more carefully about the young man's offer. In this time of uncertainty, a surefire powerup is hard to ignore.

...

Sometime later, Ashley reverts to her human form and grabs a spare set of clothes from the northern barracks. She and Henry decide to walk off together, leaving the crowds behind. They wander from the north side of Tarus II to the west side, through the residential streets.

"So." Ashley says. "Was what Hope said true?"

"What are you talking about?" Henry asks, before remembering what she means. "You mean about Jason manipulating the entire situation? About him sacrificing Artoria to take control of the Kolvaxians? It sounds dumb to me, but I don't know all the facts."

"Hope and Jason are always at each other's throats," Ashley says, before quickly amending that observation. "Correction: Hope is always finding new reasons to hate Jason. It's one of the reasons I'd rather stick with Neil. Hope seems like a good leader, but he's unhinged in his own way."

"All three of humanity's leaders have big problems." Henry says. "Neil is extremely bigoted toward demons, to the point of offending our allies like Belial. Hope is always making up conspiracies about Jason, and Jason is... _lazy_. His inaction caused millions of deaths during Stormbringer. None of them are perfect."

"Yeah, I guess you're right." Ashley says. "They're all flawed men. Still though, I keep thinking about what Hope said. What if he's right? What if Jason really is secretly manipulating the situation? We almost never see him anymore. And that robotic body he was using on Yardris? I hear it's not the first time he's brought it out."

"We can't risk the Wordsmiths getting caught by the Plague." Henry says. "The Kolvaxians have already become so strong we can't hope to hold them back anymore. I don't know how we're surviving the next year..."

"Maybe we aren't." Ashley says gloomily. "Just eight of those creatures nearly killed two hundred thousand humans, demons, and Volgrim. You, Jason, and the Demon Deities may have exterminated that handful of Kolvaxians, but there are _trillions_ more. If we have to fight a war of attrition, we'll lose. It's as simple as that."

"You're probably right," is all Henry can muster up as a response.

A momentary lull in the conversation follows. Henry and Ashley make their way up the plateau into the central district, where they buy some food. Henry gets a sausage in a bun with relish and ketchup, while Ashley chooses a burger with cheese and pickles, along with some fries. They sit down at an outdoor table and start to eat.

"Say, I've been wondering," Henry says between bites, "how often do you monsterize yourself?"

Ashley looks away, blushing in embarrassment. "As rarely as possible. Only during missions when it's a critical moment."

"But why?" Henry asks ignorantly, looking at her in surprise. "During these times, we need every champion we can get. You seem stronger than the last time I saw you in your orc form."

"I do?" Ashley asks. "You're imagining things."

Henry takes a bite of his sausage and thinks for a moment. "No, no I don't think I am. Some of the other Legion members have seen you in action before. Looking through their memories, I can see that you've monsterized at least a dozen times publicly before. Your orc body has gotten bigger and stronger compared to the first time you transformed."

Ashley frowns. She licks a bit of mustard from her lips, then takes another bite of her burger.

"So, what are you saying? I get stronger every time I transform?"

"I don't know." Henry admits. "Maybe you do. Maybe you don't. Or maybe you're getting stronger in some other way. How do orcs usually train their bodies?"

"I wouldn't know. There aren't any orcs on Tarus II, or living in human civilization," Ashley says, before correcting herself. "Actually I think there's a few that were in the Core, but I try to avoid them. I don't want people looking at me... like that."

"Like what?"

"Like I'm some ugly, tall, muscled orc girl." Ashley grumbles. "I want everyone to see me as a cute and dainty damsel, not some roided up monster-thug."

Henry looks at her. He pauses eating to contemplate what he's just heard.

"You... don't know?"

"Don't know what?" Ashley asks.

"A lot of, uh, a lot of the guys are _into_ that." Henry says, scratching his cheek. "You're not going to be scaring anyone away, Ashley. I think rather than worrying about that, you should stop trying to restrain yourself. Just be the best warrior you can be. If it's, I dunno, _dates_ you're trying to get, you will get plenty of them. Trust me on that."

Ashley shakes her head. "Guys are always intimidated by me. I don't think it will work out. I really don't want to be single for the rest of my life."

"Then why not be more assertive?" Henry asks. "You don't need to wait for a guy to approach you. Approach them! Ask them out first."

"And scare them off? Or intimidate them into dating me?" Ashley asks, her expression turning serious. "No, no I can't do that. It wouldn't be right."

Henry shrugs his shoulders. He finishes the last of his sausage and bun, then licks his fingers contentedly.

"I just think you're acting too scared of other people's opinions. Considering you're so strong and cool, you should act more like your real personality. It's better to be with someone when both of you are your true selves than to fake who you are and be miserable the whole time."

"And just how would you know who my 'true self' is?" Ashley challenges. "This is only the second time we've ever talked."

Henry looks away, this time being the one who is embarrassed. "Well. I _do_ have the memories of all the other Legion people. A lot of them have spoken to you before."

"What the heck!" Ashley exclaims. "That's not fair! And it's weird too. I don't get to know all the little conversations you've had in the past, so why do you get to know mine?"

"It's just part of being the Legion." Henry says, defending himself lamely. "If you joined, you'd get the same privilege. We'd be able to look inside each other's heads."

"Ew, no way." Ashley replies, looking away. "Sorry but that's still _so_ weird to think about. Thanks for the invitation, but just... I can't imagine looking into other people's thoughts or letting other people look into mine."

"It's just an offer." Henry says, with a shrug of his shoulders. "Once you get used to it, it feels totally normal being able to know what all the people around you are thinking at any given moment. It's... intimate.. in a way that even being a father and son or a brother and sister can't compare to."

"Or a lover?" Ashley quips.

"Probably."

The two fall silent. Ashley finishes her burger, then she wipes her face with a napkin and sets her plate aside.

She looks at Henry for a moment, then crooks the sides of her mouth into a cute smile.

"You know, Henry, maybe you were onto something earlier."

"I was?" Henry asks.

"Absolutely. You said I should be more assertive, right?"

"I... did..." Henry says slowly, as he notices her playful smile. "Why? What's... on your mind?"

"We should go on a date!" Ashley proclaims. "You and me. Together, I mean. I won't join that Legion of yours, so you'll just have to _wonder_ what I'm thinking."

Henry blinks. He stares at her for several seconds, momentarily lost for words.

"You... uh, you want..."

"What?" Ashley asks. "Were you just huffing smoke earlier? I thought you said guys liked big muscled orc girls?"

A hint of color spreads across the tips of Henry's ears. He looks away, rubs his hands together under the table, and coughs.

"W-well, I mean. Yeah. Yeah, I did say that. And I, uh, meant it, too."

He and Ashley happen to look each other in the eyes, but they both quickly look away, suddenly feeling embarrassed.

"Err..." Ashley grunts. "I've... never dated anyone before."

"Me neither." Henry mumbles. "I didn't expect this. I don't... I don't know what to say. Or do."

"It's probably not a good time to date anyway." Ashley says, moving a stray strand of hair out of her face. "You know. With the Kolvaxians and all."

"Yeah." Henry says. "We could go to war any second. We might not even be alive a month from now."

"And what if one of us dies?" Ashley asks, lowering her eyes. "It would feel... so bad."

"So tragic." Henry acknowledges.

They fall silent once again. This time, a full minute passes as they don't say anything, instead folding in on themselves, thinking only their own thoughts.

Henry slowly stands up. He picks up his plate and garbage, and Ashley mimics him. They toss their food away, then they pause and look at one another.

"Maybe 'date' is too strong a word." Ashley says self-consciously. "Um. Why don't we just, you know, meet up here tomorrow? Get some more food or something."

"Yeah. Yeah, that sounds fine." Henry says, smiling goofily. "A little food never hurt anyone."

"Right! And who knows, maybe we could go to the park or something." Ashley adds.

"Right, yeah, totally. Or do some training together." Henry says. "I _have_ been needing a good training partner..."

"Oh, yeah. Same. Me too. Definitely." Ashley babbles. "Training partner. Mhm."

They both awkwardly smile at one another for several seconds before suppressing some involuntary giggles. Henry looks off to the side, and coughs into his fist. "Uh! So, see you tomorrow, then, Ash?"

"Ash?" She repeats. "Already shortening my name, _Henny_?"

"Sorry! It just happened." Henry blurts out.

"No, it's fine. It was... cute of you." Ashley says, giggling at her unexpected new nickname.

The two slowly pull apart, then they go their separate ways. Henry stumbles about in a faint daze, smiling more goofily than ever.

[Way to go, Henry.] One of the Legion members praises. [Not the smoothest way I've seen someone get a girlfriend, but praiseworthy nonetheless.]

[For your date tomorrow,] one of the female Legion members says, [you should remember to get Ashley some flowers. Maybe a cute hair ornament. I can tell she likes those things, even if she doesn't say it.]

[Don't do the 'training' thing with her, not just yet.] One of the men says. [Just go to the lake or something. Keep it casual.]

[I completely disagree!] A different woman adds. [You should always follow your heart and be yourself. Henry, you like to train and fight, and so does Ashley. Be yourselves and train together!]

A chorus of advice and well-wishes greets Henry, making him feel warm and fuzzy, but also a tiny bit miffed. Having his private life get spied on isn't exactly something he would have wanted before joining the Legion, but ultimately, he ends up accepting it.

[Say, uh, Jepthath?] Henry asks. [Is there a way to, uh, you know... turn off the Legion-link during... private times?]

Jepthath snorts. [If you are worried about others peeping on you, don't bother. You will quickly grow out of any prudish thoughts once you observe your fellow Legion members enjoying their own raucous moments, boy. It won't take a year before you've observed so many depraved moments of raw passionate intercourse that nothing will be able to faze you anymore. After all, we humans are naturally sexual creatures.]

Henry coughs. He covers his face with his hands, feeling his cheeks fill with blood.

Maybe it's not such a bad thing that Ashley doesn't want to join the Legion. Knowing how self-conscious she is, she might die of embarrassment if they ever were to...

"Cough cough!"

Henry's eyes flicker all over the place as the thoughts of a hot-blooded young man rush to his mind. Several of the older Legion-members laugh uproariously at his embarrassment, trading all sorts of pointed quips as they make their 'fearless leader' sweat bullets.

[UMMM. So, uh, Jepthath!] Henry groans, hurriedly changing the topic. [What do you think about Hope?]

[Hope?] Jepthath asks, his huge grin immediately turning to a frown. [Are you asking my thoughts on his... conspiracy theory?]

[Yes.] Henry nods, forcibly tuning out the other Legionnaires. [It all seems a bit far-fetched to me.]

Jepthath remains silent for a moment.

[That's because it is. Hope is letting his hatred cloud his judgment. After that shameful display, I'm starting to harbor second thoughts toward him.] Jepthath admits. [Maybe having him be the face of our recruitment isn't such a good idea. Meanwhile, you managed to perform well enough that many people will likely begin actively seeking us out.]

Henry cocks his head. [What are you implying?]

[Nothing yet.] Jepthath says mildly. [I'm only expressing my disappointment in Hope's leadership. My goal is to unify humanity into a form we might call Super Humanity. A people united in mind, will, and body. A species at the apex of the Milky Way's strength. But Hope is so hellbent on defeating Jason that he doesn't have his species' best interests in mind.]

Jepthath thoughtfully strokes his beard. [Perhaps it may soon become time for us to... go our own way.]

[Split off from Hope?] Henry asks with widened eyes. [That... I don't know if I can do that, Jepthath. I wouldn't be where I am if it weren't for him.]

[I am not speaking of a betrayal. More like... an amicable parting of ways.] Jepthath says smoothly. [Hope was instrumental in obtaining our first 10,000 Legionnaires, but our growth immediately struck a wall afterward. I believe _you_ are the figure most suitable for expanding our recruitment efforts, moving forward.]

Henry nods seriously. The thought of turning on Hope leaves him feeling sick in an inexplicable way, but he has to admit Jepthath's argument _does_ hold water.

[I'll think about it.] Henry concludes.

[That is all I ask.] Jepthath says, smiling.

Henry turns his thoughts away from this uncomfortable discussion, refocusing his thoughts on tomorrow's date with Ashley.

But Jepthath does not.

In actuality, disconnected from the Legion Net, Jepthath is secretly able to harbor thoughts hidden from the rest of his followers.

_Hope's usefulness may be coming to an end._ Jepthath thinks as he looks around the Hall of Heroes. _Henry is a much more suitable vessel to carry out my will. Hope's efforts have been half-hearted at best, but Henry..._

Jepthath secretly crooks a smile.

_He is a far better Agent than I could have ever prayed for. It may have taken a hundred thousand years, but perhaps my power will finally surpass its limits in a way no-one ever expected..._