Part 633: Haven Infiltration
Part 633: Haven Infiltration

January 21st, 2021. 5AM.

Private Jameson Little walked up to the entrance of the Illuminati Haven. He held his stomach as he approached, and paused when the entry guard held up his palm.

"Jamie? Your shift isn't over for another two hours."

The gate guard's face was cloaked, so determining his identity shouldn't have been easy, but Private Little still forced a pained smile and responded normally.

"Ahh, Marco, I... this is a little embarrassing... can I swap? I need to... you know?"

"Need to... _what_?" Marco, the entry guard, asked. He narrowed his eyes under his mask, and the other guard on the opposite side casually aimed his weapon at the Private.

"I... I gotta take a shit!" Jameson hissed, lowering his head out of embarrassment. "I'm practically growing a tail here, man!"

"Jesus, seriously? You're supposed to use the bathroom _before_ you- goddammit, Jamie. Protocols are protocols for a reason. Fucking hell..."

Marco cursed under his breath, then touched the side of his head and spoke into his mic. Jamie stood in place, shifting uncomfortably, trying not to be too obvious about doing his potty-dance while waiting for the gate to open. Eventually, it did, and another soldier stepped out, looked at him, and nodded.

"Get in there. Go before you shit yourself and make us look like idiots." Marco growled.

"Th-thanks! Sorry, Marco, sorry..." Jameson said, racing inside.

After entering, Jameson trotted over to the shared men's bathroom inside the Haven's walls. Naturally, he wouldn't have to go down into the complex for such a minor thing, as they already had installed such facilities in the upper area. Jameson walked inside, where he found another man pissing into a urinal. He ignored that man, and quickly stepped into a stall, shut the door, and started unzipping and removing his pants.

"You're back early." The guy pissing said.

"Had to take a shit." Jameson said, his voice tinged with panic. At that moment, an explosive noise erupted inside the toilet, and he moaned audibly.

"God damn, what the fuck did you eat?" The urinating man asked. "Nah, I'm out. I'm out!"

He hurriedly zipped up his pants and raced outside without bothering to wash his hands. He did not want to be there for when the stench hit.

After about thirty seconds, the stall opened, and Jameson emerged.

Ose levitated nearby. She frowned. [Did you actually...?]

"No." 'Jameson' answered. "I morphed my lower body into an organ capable of replicating the sound. I doubt you want the details."

Ose's mouth curled up into a deep expression of revulsion. Since Belial couldn't see her, she had no idea how much she had just disgusted the prim and proper Baron.

"No. I don't." Ose said, wondering if it was possible for her astral body to projectile vomit. She hadn't ever contemplated such a thing before, but she truly found Belial to be a disgusting and degenerate demoness. Everything about her repulsed Ose on a fundamental level.

Ose was neat. Tidy. She looked upon herself as an untainted woman, clean of impurities. She had never known a man, and had never met one who even remotely interested her. Frankly, she didn't think such a man existed. That didn't mean she was interested in women or any of the other options either. In many ways, she saw herself as asexual, perhaps even sex-repulsed. Therefore, Belial's inherently sexual nature made her feel like Ose's polar opposite. The two were fundamentally incompatible on philosophical levels, and the more time Ose spent with Belial, the more she hated her.

It didn't help that her mother hated Belial too, albeit for entirely different reasons.

Ose eventually swallowed her disgust and refocused her mind.

[The first part of the plan is complete. You're inside the Haven. What do you intend to do now?]

Since Belial was both leading the operation and the primary infiltrator, all changes in plan were at her discretion. She took the biggest risk by physically entering the humans' base, so she had to prioritize her safety.

"Investigate the nearby guards. Are there any males carrying things you can use to identify them? Badges and so on? Can you manipulate the cameras so I can slip out of here?"

Ose smirked. [I can do a lot more than that. The other guards will be expecting your return, though. You're only supposed to use the bathroom, then travel back outside.]

"Have Abby deceive the guards. Make them think I left." Belial ordered. "Also, cover me while I leave here. Shut off the nearby cameras for a few moments."

Ose nodded, a motion Belial didn't see. Then, she reached out with her electrical powers and tapped into the camera feeds. In an instant, she altered all of them to loop the video feeds while also opening her physical body's mouth to communicate with Abby.

Ose's body sat in a lotus pose back with the other demons, her legs folded, her eyes shut, and her head bowed. When she spoke, Abby nearly jumped out of her skin; not helped by the fact she was hovering creepily close to Ose and nearly drooling on her leg while admiring Ose's perfect beauty from an unnervingly close distance.

"Abby. Belial wants you to use your powers on the guards." Ose said, before explaining the rest a few moments later.

Abby quickly recovered from her fright. "Okay! I can't exactly do what she wants, but I can confuse all of them a little bit. I'll just make them think the guard was given a temporary leave and allowed to return to his dorm."

"That will work." Ose responded.

Ose informed Belial of the new plan, and the Emperor of Passion nodded. She morphed her body again, this time turning into a long, slender, almost vine-like fleshy object. Belial clung to the wall, then pressed a window facing behind the bathrooms slightly open before slithering through the gap like a snake would. After leaving, she returned to the appearance of an Illuminati guard decked in full armor, then closed the window behind her. From here, the next part was a bit easier.

Belial simply strolled toward the inner base, utterly casual in her movements. She looked around with the same level of alertness expected of any average interior guard, swiveling her head from side to side, seemingly looking for threats. In actuality, she was assessing escape routes, ambush locations, and other potential pain points that might affect the later stages of the mission.

By acting like she belonged, Belial exploited humanity's innate lack of caution toward uniformed officers. She walked right past mechanics, civilian personnel, and other uniformed guards, giving a casual nod to the latter to assure them that she was, in fact, one of them.

As she approached the doors leading into the inner base, Belial's mind worked to plot several potential courses of action. Ose dutifully bypassed the keypad and gave Belial the code through telepathy, so the Emperor of Passion was able to casually type it in as if it were something she had done a thousand times.

She passed by a camera without even looking at it, assuming correctly that Ose was using her lightning-fast mind to subvert them well before Belial entered their view. However, Belial ran into a snag as she approached the end of a long hallway leading to an elevator heading down into the base. Beside the elevator, an armed guard stood. She was a woman, so Belial's succubi powers wouldn't work on her.

Ose hovered behind Belial. She frowned. How would Belial deal with this?

Then, Ose's gaze fell on the Emperor of Passion. When it did, her astral eyes metaphorically popped out of their sockets.

On Belial's back, unseen by the guard she was casually approaching, words materialized on a patch of bare skin that revealed itself when the back of her shirt opened up. Like tattoos instantly drawn by the world's fastest tattoo artist, the words came and went, but not too rapidly for Ose to keep up.

OSE

DISTRACT

GUARD

OR

UNCOVER

HER

IDENTITY

AND

GIVE

ME

HER

NAME.

...

Ose blinked. In an instant, she understood Belial's intent.

She snapped her eyes onto a nearby wall-panel, then dove her mind inside. She located the entire base's personnel list, narrowed it down to specific roles, narrowed those roles down by gender, then visually scanned the faces of every registered guard until she found the young woman's name.

[Her name is Natalie Summers. Age twenty. She was originally a guard assigned to protect the Trueborn, but after a recent failure on her end, she was assigned to internal guard duty as punishment.]

The words on Belial's back shimmered once again. She was almost within conversational range of Natalie, and it would start to look suspicious if she didn't greet her fellow officer.

IS

NATALIE

CLOSE

WITH

JAMESON?

Ose frowned. This was a difficult question to answer. The personnel records couldn't possibly give her such information, and scanning other databases would take way too long!

[I.. I don't...] Ose said, her voice tinged with alarm. She didn't know how to respond. There was no time!

The rear of Belial's upper body armor abruptly closed up, and she didn't bother communicating with Ose again. She had already assumed obtaining such information wouldn't be possible, but it was worth a shot.

Instead, she kept her attitude casual. Belial walked up to Natalie, her face obscured by her helmet and goggles. She looked directly at Natalie, then nodded.

Natalie looked back at her. She smiled.

"Nothing to say?" Natalie asked.

Belial's mind jolted into action. She instantly intuited several contextual clues based on the young woman's body language and the hidden meaning behind those three words.

"Hey, babe." Belial said dryly, her tone one of exhaustion. "They let me off early today. I caught something, not sure what."

"You did?" Natalie asked, her forehead knitting in concern. "You were fine earlier, Jamie."

Belial paused only a few feet away from Natalie. She reached up and pulled her helmet back, then sighed heavily as she revealed her face.

"Oh, oh my god!" Natalie exclaimed. "Jamie, you need to see the doctor ASAP!"

Ose, hovering behind Belial, frowned. She quickly flitted forward to look at Belial's face, and her expression warped to disgust and then to horror. Belial's face was covered in dozens of red zit-like dots, making her look as if she had caught leprosy!

"Huh? You're kidding." Belial muttered. "It can't be that bad..."

"You look like you're at death's door!" Natalie exclaimed. "I'll call for backup."

"Nah, nah. I'll go, I'll go. Stay here." Belial said, her heart skipping a beat. Calling for backup was the exact opposite thing she wanted. "I'll go to the doctor if you think it's that bad."

"...Right away?" Natalie asked, her tone turning to concern.

Belial nodded. "As soon as I make it down there. Promise, alright?"

Belial smiled weirdly, then leered toward Natalie. "Kiss?"

"Eww, no!" Natalie exclaimed, recoiling from her plague-stricken boyfriend in horror. "Jamie, this is no time for jokes. Get down there right now!"

"Alright, alright. I'm going." Belial said.

She entered the elevator and turned around, observing Natalie's concerned expression as the doors closed, separating the two of them.

With that, Belial keyed the elevator to drop to the lower floors, then her helmet shifted on its own to cover her face once more. Naturally, her false leprosy vanished without a trace.

As the elevator dropped, Ose looked at her curiously.

[How did you know Jamie was Natalie's lover?] Ose asked.

"I have a lot of experience living as and communicating with both genders." Belial said quietly. "I could tell her relationship with Jamie wasn't ordinary. I can also tell it's a secret one. Private Jameson Little is thirty-two years old. Natalie is only twenty. They seem to have known each other for a few years... possibly more than two. I'm guessing their superiors don't know about their relationship."

Ose frowned. Humans lived far shorter lives than demons, so it was often hard for demons to comprehend age-based human issues, but she was well aware of at least a few human sexual dynamics.

[You think, before she was considered of legal age...?]

"It's hard to say." Belial replied, shrugging. "But anything is possible. Trust me, modern sensibilities about age are far better for human women than the ancient ones. The kings and nobles of the past used to hoard harems of little girls for their own pleasure and amusement."

She paused.

"Some still do. They simply don't display it openly."

Ose scowled. [Disgusting humans.]

"Sometimes, their species can be truly vile." Belial agreed.

The elevator door opened, and Belial found herself on the sixth floor of the underground complex. Thanks to Ose's intelligence gathering capabilities, they had both determined the Hero Testing Center was on this level, and it was likely to hold some key information regarding Jason Hiro, the newest Trueborn.

As Belial exited the elevator, her ears perked up. With her enhanced hearing, she overheard a pair of human scientists speaking in a break room somewhere off to the left, and she slightly enlarged her ear canal to amplify their distant conversation.

"-thinks it's a mistake. I tend to agree." A male voice muttered. "We should destroy these files. They provide too much information."

"It is an inspiring Heroic name though." A female voice replied, her voice also low. "It makes him sound like a prophet."

"That's because he is. Can you even imagine how powerful he'll become?" The male asked. "I've never heard of such an exotic ability as 'dream eating.' He's already uncovered all this top-secret information about the demons... who knows what he'll find in a few more years. Maybe we can even start planning some sort of a strike operation... hit them all at once, take their leaders out. Those idiot demons still think they're safe, but we already know where a few of their hideouts are."

Belial's expression shifted. Whatever these humans were talking about, it was highly sensitive and deeply relevant to her mission.

She glanced up at Ose, then tilted her head to the side, gesturing toward those distant voices.

[On it.] Ose replied, before her presence drifted away.

While Ose moved toward those humans, Belial navigated toward the inner laboratory. She paused to press her palm against its outer wall, then opened her mouth to emit an instantaneous, subsonic whistle. Like a bat out of hell, she mapped out the interior of the room on the other side of the wall without alerting anyone inside.

_Five humans. Three scientists, a woman in a wheelchair... hm? There seems to be a lightly dressed young man inside. An experimental subject?_

Belial's heart turned cold. She continued to press her palm against the wall and focused carefully. Despite the humans' best attempts to soundproof the interior chamber, she was able to parse through vibrations on the other side some of the words being spoken.

"...results...positive...good...work...Jason...satisfactory..."

Belial's eyes widened.

Jason? Was that the name she just heard? Could the Trueborn himself be inside? If it really was him, she had a chance to eliminate his threat right here and now!

But...

Belial frowned.

She wasn't a murderer. In fact, she had never killed anyone in her life. Maybe she could mutilate the Hero. Maim him, sever a few limbs... but what if he had healing powers? What if one of the other Trueborn did? Or what if the humans used their technology to heal him?

This was too good of an opportunity to pass up. If she killed him, it would immediately advance demonkind's interests. Breaking out of the facility would be difficult, but possible. She had backup waiting outside.

However. She simply... _couldn't_ bring herself to do it. The Hero was only eighteen years old. Barely an adult, by modern human sensibilities.

Could she murder a child in cold blood?

Belial bit her lip. She wasn't sure what to do.

Suddenly, inside the chamber, there were the sounds of multiple footsteps moving in sync. The door around the corner opened up, and a voice called out. "I told you she was here!"

_What?_ Belial thought, her heart skipping a beat. _They detected me? Impossible! How, so fast?!_

A young man wearing only a pair of blue jeans and sneakers rounded the corner while holding a bo staff. The shirtless youth grinned at Belial knowingly, as if she had completely forgotten to disguise herself.

"They didn't believe me, but I knew you'd come! My predictions always come right! Hahahaha!!!"

The young man pointed his staff at Belial and grinned, a feral look in his eyes.

"Belial, the Emperor of Passion! You really thought you could escape the eyes of I, the legendary Archseer?! I hope you're ready to give me a good fight, you dumb demon bitch!"

Belial's heart jumped. He knew! He really knew it was her! How the hell did he discover her?!

The young man charged at Belial, revealing his nature as a battle-maniac. He laughed wildly and snapped the bo staff at her head while the scientists and Claire Rothschild appeared behind him, looking at his back with fear.

"Jason, no!" Claire shouted. "She's too powerful!"

The young and foolish Hero didn't seem to hear Claire's words. He continued to madly grin, making Belial feel as if Bael were dumbly charging at her. Except she could tell by Jason's pathetic physique he was badly lacking in strength. If they came to blows, he would definitely lose!

But when the alarms activated inside the Haven, Belial realized she didn't have time to battle this Trueborn. Backup would arrive shortly, and if she were pinned between a Hero and heavily armed Illuminati guardsman, she might suffer a terrible defeat. She might end up captured... or worse!

Belial made a snap judgment. She turned tail and ran.

She bolted back down the hallway, grimacing as she heard Jason's shoes clomping loudly down the corridor behind her.

"Wow! I didn't know you were a coward, too!" Jason proclaimed. He reached into his pants pocket and pulled out a transmitter of some kind, then yelled into it. "This is the Archseer! Demons have surrounded the Haven! Lock down Level Six and prepare for battle! Demon Emperors Belial, Murmur, and Lucifer are on-site, as well as Duke Bael, Barons Abby, and... the primary targets! Ose and Gressil!!"

Belial continued to run. Her pupils shrunk to pinpricks.

The infiltration had been going way too easily! It turned out the Hero not only somehow knew she was there, but he had identified every member of her force.

"Ose!" Belial called out, unsure where her invisible comrade had floated off to. "Retreat!!"

A heavy door slid shut from the ceiling to the floor up ahead. Belial roared with fury and pounded it with her fist, smashing it away and sending it flying down the corridor. It embedded into the far wall, and another door slammed shut in her path.

She broke through that one too!

"Keep slowing her down! Shut off the elevators!" Jason shouted. "I've almost caught up! This stupid bitch has nowhere left to run!"

Belial's face contorted into an expression of rage.

She hated losing, and she hated being played for a fool. She assumed the humans had been planning a trap, but she had no idea the Archseer's abilities could allow him to predict the composition of the infiltration team with such frightening accuracy.

Heroic powers were such BULLSHIT!