Part 489: The Exodus Deliverers
Part 489: The Exodus Deliverers

Months pass.

Hope and Amelia no longer interact with Solomon as much as they once did.

True to his word, Hope stops putting on Solomon's Crown, becoming less and less trusting of the Knowledge-Seeker's wiley ways. Like Jason, he too begins to see Solomon in a different light.

As for Amelia, she ultimately rejects Solomon's offer to join the so-called Consortium of Sages.

Despite their falling out with the Knowlegde Seeker, neither Hope nor Amelia come to blows with him. They continue to learn from him, but now with a healthy dose of skepticism directed at anything he says.

Hope continues speaking to and learning about the different Heroes present inside each of the artifacts. He allows Solomon to guide him toward different individuals, but he also takes a more proactive approach in learning about each one before interacting with them. Thanks to the book Hope compiled for Amelia, he has plenty of reading material on the various legendary figures present in humanity's history.

One day, nearly a year after his falling out with Solomon, Hope enters the Chamber of Waiting along with his half-mentor. As always, he maintains a healthy dose of skepticism toward Solomon, but also tries to keep his words polite and constrained.

"You will soon reach the 800th Hero." Solomon says to Hope cordially. "Of the Heroes you've met so far, there have been kings and paupers alike. But what do you think about the fellow I'm going to introduce you to today?"

Hope glances at the altars of the twelve great kings of Earth's past. Already, he's met nearly all of them, with only two remaining.

But the person he's going to meet today is not among them. No, this individual comes from the pedestals in the center of the room. A powerful individual to be sure, a noteworthy historical figure in his own right, and also a Trueborn, but...

"I am a little... confused." Hope says, gesturing toward a pair of large stone tablets. "I've read about his heroic feats. His powers seem incredible. He brought Egypt to its knees. He split the Red Sea. He summoned pestilence and hellish nightmares upon his enemies. So... why do you consider him a Lesser Trueborn?"

"Moses is not the fantastical enigma you might think him to be." Solomon explains. "He is... he is a very strange man. His powers are mighty, but... well, let's just say his dossier does not tell the full story."

Solomon smiles cryptically, making question marks pop up above Hope's head. He shrugs his shoulders, then takes a step back.

"I'll leave you to meet the man, the myth, the legend himself." Solomon says. "Just... don't expect too much. Moses can be a tad _fanatical._"

With those ominous words, Solomon disappears, returning to his library to continue writing books.

Hope scratches his head, then picks up the two tablets, each of which has five lines on them.

"Two artifacts?" Hope mutters, hefting the rather large and cumbersome stone tablets. To his surprise, they don't seem to be fragile in the slightest, but as hard as demonstone. "What would happen if I split the tablets apart? Would Moses die? Could he appear in two places? Never heard of a Hero possessing two artifacts like that..."

It doesn't escape Hope's notice that Moses's artifact is quite similar to Hammurabi's, in that they both depict ancient writing detailing laws and commandments humans were intended to follow. And from the discussions he's had with Hammurabi on occasion, Hope knows the ancient Hero King sneers at Moses's shoddy half-baked 'commandments.'

Ignoring the potential inter-Hero drama, Hope hefts the dual tablets and takes them out to the garden, where he has interviewed nearly 800 other Heroes. He sets the tablets on the stone table, propping them up with some Wordsmithed easels, then clears his throat.

"**Materialize.**"

Hope summons the Hero from within the tablets. What he instead gets surprises him to his core!

Not one, but two men materialize on the other side of the table. Both of them look eerily similar, to the point Hope guesses they must be twins!

Both men wear crimson-colored robes, and sport beards, but one of them has a beard that hangs down his chest and reaches his belly button, while the other's beard only hangs a couple of inches off his chin, appearing much more modest. The two men appear quite old, in their 50's or so, but aside from the beards they look essentially identical.

"M-Moses?" Hope asks, not sure which one is which.

"Ah! We have returned to reality!" The short-bearded man says. "Brother, look. The Garden of Eden! The Creator has delivered us, after all these years!"

"As I knew he would." The long-bearded man says, appearing a bit calmer. "Oh, our God is a great God. He delivers us from evil, and he smites those who lacketh faith!"

The two men don't seem to notice Hope, or perhaps they don't particularly care about him.

He coughs to get their attention.

"Ahem. Uh, Moses? Is one of you named Moses?"

"I am he." The long-bearded man says, finally acknowledging Hope's existence. "Where are my manners? Forgive me, boy! You are clearly a servant of the Lord! I did not intend to ignore you. I am Moses, and this is my brother, Aaron."

"Good day to you, lad!" Aaron says, stroking his short beard. "And what might your name be?"

"I am Hope." Hope explains. "I'm the Hero of this generation, a Wordsmith."

Hope spends a couple of minutes explaining the current situation, catching the two Heroes up to speed. As he does, their smiles begin to fade, and their expressions become grave.

"Oh, how dreadful." Moses says.

"How horrid!" Aaron exclaims. "To think that all of humanity fell into despair for nearly one hundred thousand years! To think the Earth was destroyed!"

"Fear not, brother." Moses says, patting Aaron's shoulder. "Were our prayers to the Lord not answered? He has awakened us in this dark future to aid our successor! As he has many times before."

"You speak the truth, brother." Aaron says, immediately calming down. "So long as we have faith in our God, we shan't fear any evil."

Hope scrunches up his face for a moment before quickly schooling his expression.

_I'm beginning to see what Solomon meant,_ he thinks.

"I've never seen two Heroes in an artifact before." Hope says slowly. "You two are twins?"

"Indeed. A rare breed among our kind." Moses acknowledges. "And proof of the great calling the Creator entrusted us with! Together, my brother and I traveled the lands to free the Israelites! We fought the Pharaoh! We brought down damnation upon Satan and Diablo, the Creator's enemies!"

"We were the first dual-Heroes to walk the Earth." Aaron says with great satisfaction. "We condensed the Lord's words into ten commandments for the later generations to obey. We brought order to our people and used our twin strength to repair the world which had begun to fall into lawlessness and decadence."

"I... see." Hope says, trying not to sound too rude. "I'm just a little confused. Solomon helped me acquire enough information to make a book about the ancient Heroes, and it didn't mention you were twins-"

"Solomon?!" Moses interrupts, his expression darkening. "That lawless, whoring, son of a devil? He still draws breath?"

"I mean, he's inside an artifact like the two of you. But yeah, he's still 'alive' in a sense..." Hope answers hesitantly.

"Humph." Moses sneers. "All the Wisdom the Creator could grant, and that decadent womanizer spent most of his days engaging in sins and misdeeds most foul! It is a pity his filth continues to taint the name of Heroes to this day."

"Here here, brother." Aaron adds. "The Lord does not look favorably upon adulterers and those who worship other gods."

Hope cocks his head. "You said Solomon worshiped other gods?"

"Indeed. To please the women he bedded, the Knowledge-Seeker bowed to statues and other gross idols of false gods." Moses sneers. "Whether they be foreign princesses or whores from within his own lands, that wretch would go to any length to bring a woman to bed."

Hope doesn't particularly care about this one way or the other, but he nods politely and puts on an expression of displeasure. "Oh, I didn't realize he was that sort of man. Well, moving on. Why don't you two tell me about yourselves. I'm not sure how twin Heroes would function."

"It was quite simple." Moses says. "Our souls were not linked together, but we returned to the Lord's embrace in death. We shared the artifacts, and as such, we became bound in eternal undeath."

"Does that mean when one of you died, the other stayed alive a while longer?"

Moses nods. "I died first. Then, my brother followed a year later."

Hope rubs his scruffy chin. "So it's not as if when one of you passed away, the other did as well. That's good to know."

He pulls out the Heroic Encyclopedia and flips to the pages detailing Moses's life. "It says here you were called the Exodus Deliverer. Can you tell me about your Heroic Abilities?"

Moses smiles. "You are laboring under an incorrect assumption, young man. Neither I nor Aaron possess any magic."

"You don't?" Hope asks, blinking twice.

"Nay. Aaron and I are merely agents of the Lord!" Moses proclaims.

"We pass the power of the Creator through our bodies, but we do not control it, only guide its path." Aaron continues. "The Lord commands our fate. He illuminates our way, and as such, we act as nothing more than His servants."

Hope coughs. "Right. Well, what powers did the Lord 'pass through' you?"

"Oh, a great many types." Moses says, his gaze turning thoughtful. "The Ten Plagues were a few of them. When we later came to blows with the Emperors of demonkind, the Lord protected us with divine lightning from above."

"When we starved in the desert, he bequeathed us manna from heaven." Aaron adds.

"Ah yes, that delicious manna." Moses acknowledges with a lick of his lips. "On one occasion, the Lord sent down upon me the strength of ten bears, allowing me to battle his enemies with great fervor. Aaron even momentarily obtained the swiftness of a sparrow!"

"Indeed, those were the good days." Aaron laughs, lingering on his ancient memories with great fondness.

"So... you two say the Lord passed his power through your bodies," Hope says skeptically, "then does that mean you could... talk to the Creator?"

"Of course, of course." Moses says, closing his eyes and nodding his head. "Aye, we spake to the Creator on many an occasion. Even now, we hear His voice touching our souls."

"You can talk to him now? Right now?" Hope asks, trying desperately not to roll his eyes.

"Of course! The Creator is quite fond of you, in fact." Moses says, opening his eyes to smile happily at Hope. "You are a good agent for His will."

"Really?" Hope asks, while smiling and holding back a laugh. "And what does he think about Jason?"

"Jason?" Moses asks, frowning in confusion. "Who...?"

"The other Wordsmith." Hope clarifies. "The Creator did tell you about him, right?"

"Ah. The other Wordsmith." Moses says, looking away. "Well, you see, God's way is not to give us all the answers we need, but the strength to seek it out. He would not babble at me uselessly, but grant me a way to find the answers I seek."

"Right. Of course." Hope says. "Did he tell you _anything_ useful, or...?"

"You watch your tone." Aaron says, suddenly standing up and glowering at Hope. "Brother! This boy is insulting God! Look into his eyes! He believes our God is a weak God! He believes he is superior to the Lord!"

Moses' smile vanishes. He stands up too, as if realizing the intent behind Hope's words. "Brat. You dare doubt the power of the Creator?!"

"No, no, that's not the case at all." Hope says half-apologetically. "It's just... I don't believe that you can actually speak to the Creator. You DO know he's dead, right?"

"The Creator is dead?" Moses repeats. "Poppycock! If He has perished, then why can I still hear Him?! You simply lack faith! You are a bloody secularist!"

In Hope's head, a random thought occurs to him. _I'm surprised Moses would even know what a secularist is._

He stands up to match their postures. "Now now, let's not freak out. If you can talk to the Creator, the most powerful being in the universe, then surely he can tell you something actually useful."

"The Creator does not accept tests of His power!" Moses proclaims. "How dare you question the Lord's existence! I'm beginning to feel the need to teach you a lesson!"

"But you can't teach me a lesson." Hope points out. "You don't have any magic, remember? You can only 'channel' the Lord's power-"

"INSOLENCE!" Moses roars!

At once, the Hall of Heroes begins to shake. A powerful rumbling surges in the air.

The table and chairs rattle. They begin to vibrate and glide around as some sort of earthquake assaults the majestic palace. Hope's heart skips a beat as the two brothers hold up their hands, and darkness sweeps across the room, blotting out the light permeating the Hall of Heroes.

"BOY!" Aaron shouts. "How DARE you question your elders?! No man must speak against the Lord! No man must desecrate His name!"

The darkness rapidly thickens, transforming the garden from a beautiful scene of pristine greenery into a hellishly black and frighteningly gloomy scene of night-time. Not even the lanterns on the walls pierce the gloom, and Hope loses the ability to make out anything but the glowing eyes of the two ancient Heroes before him.

"REPENT!" Moses demands.

"REPENT!" Aaron repeats.

_Shit,_ Hope thinks, _I got carried away. These two might be wackos, but their powers are the real deal!_

While he could easily shut down their powers by using his own, Hope doesn't want to turn the brothers against him. In the future, he will need their power and that of the other Heroes to destroy Jason and unite humanity.

So, Hope quickly schools his expression. He drops to his knees and bows at the feet of the Exodus Deliverers.

"Forgive me! I had eyes but could not see! You truly are agents of the Lord! I repent!"

"Do you truly repent?!" Moses yells.

"I do! I have seen the error of my ways! Only God himself could command such, _uh_, power! Such vast power! You must be the agents of His will!"

As Hope speaks, the rumbling begins to slow. Eventually, it stops, and the pitch-blackness pulls away.

"Good. Good!" Moses says twice. "You have learned a valuable lesson, boy! If you were not the Hero of this era, I might have smote you dead for uttering such heretical words!"

"The Lord would have smote you dead!" Aaron chimes in.

"Right! The Lord would have smote you dead!" Moses says unashamedly, as if those were the words he previously spoke. "But all men eventually err. You are fortunate to have learned your lesson quickly. You may rise."

Hope takes a second to collect himself before standing up.

"Haha... no hard feelings?"

"Of course not, of course not." Moses says twice, sitting back on his chair. "To err is to be human. Now, let us continue our discussion."

"Sure..." Hope mutters, as he also takes his seat.

For the next several hours, Hope learns more and more about the Exodus Deliverers. He probes them for information, and builds a picture in his head of what they can do for him.

Ultimately, he realizes they truly believe their powers are not their own, but that the voice of God is what guides their hands. This confounds him, but not wanting them to blow up the Hall of Heroes again, he ultimately relents and decides they won't be of much use in his future goals.

"You can roam about the Hall of Heroes as you please." Hope says, as he leads Moses and Aaron out of the garden, their tablets in his arms. "There are many Heroes here you probably know already."

"Including Solomon." Moses growls.

"Yeah. You really don't like him, do you?" Hope asks idly.

"Any god-fearing man wouldn't." Aaron snorts. "That bastard cares little for others. He is selfish to a fault. You should not trust him either, boy."

"Noted." Hope says quietly.

He mounts their tablets in a room specially made for 'processed' artifacts, those he has already interacted with, and finally heads back to his chamber.

Along the way, Hope spots Amelia inside the Heroic Armory, where a few Heroes who specialized in crafting weapons and armor during their lives chat with her while they work. Inside this room, the Heroes idly create beautiful, if somewhat impractical suits of steel, hauberks, as well as weapons ranging from swords and axes to javelins and halberds.

These weapons, though inferior in capability to modern weapons and armor, still look quite extraordinary. Hope walks up behind his fiance, where he finds her chatting with a pair of female Heroes whom Hope already met and spoke to in the past.

Li Xian, a Chinese Princess who lived during the Tang dynasty in the 7th century. She was a famous armor-maker who uplifted her people through her skills in metallurgy, and also quite a beauty to boot, with long blonde hair and vivid blue eyes.

Elisabeth Kindelmann, an armor-maker from Hungary who lived during the 16th century, and who helped craft protection for her king and his men. She sports bouncy curled blonde hair, along with a practical set of blue shirt and pants.

"-quite possible." Elisabeth says to Amelia, flashing a quick smile at Hope before continuing with what she was saying. "But imbuing magical elements into armor is not a simple matter. I knew of a few demons who managed to do such a thing, but the effects were quite weak."

"So it's not doable?" Amelia asks, looking a little dismayed.

"The Wordsmith can probably do it." Elisabeth replies. "And now that I have such a fine forge to work with, perhaps in time I might be able to do so as well. We already know crafting artifacts is possible thanks to Camael, and she is my idol! I look forward to matching her someday."

Princess Li Xian nods. "Will require effort. Not simple, but doable, yes."

Amelia turns to look at Hope as he touches her shoulder. "Oh, you're finally done with today's Hero, huh?"

"Yup. I met Moses, the actual fellow from the Bible. He had a brother with him, Aaron. Turns out they were twins."

Li Xian blinks. "I know Moses. Rude man. Very disrespectful. Strange fellow, too religious."

Elisabeth shrugs. "I've never met the man, but if I spot him or his brother, I'll try and say hello sometime."

Hope laughs. "Wouldn't recommend it. Miss Xian is on the money... the guy's a total wacko."

He and Amelia say goodbye to the Princess and the Metalsmith, then walk out of the armory, past a half-dozen other famous men and women from Earth's past.

As they walk, Amelia scrunches up her face. "The Hall of Heroes started shaking at one point. Was that...?"

"Moses and Aaron threw a freaking temper tantrum." Hope groans. "Couple of big bearded babies."

When they arrive in their room, Hope summons a privacy field so he and his fiance can talk.

"Not many Heroes are left." Hope says, plunking down on the couch. "I'll have met all of them before the year is over."

"You're still going to go through with your plan?" Amelia asks.

"I am..." Hope says, more quietly than before. "The Volgrim have to pay for what they've done."

His expression darkens.

"Unarin must die."