Part 482: Hope's Desire
Part 482: Hope's Desire

Two months pass.

Inside the Hall of Heroes, Hope continues the task assigned to him by King Solomon. Each day, he picks one of the artifacts at random and experiments with the soul inside, trying to see what sort of effects the Hero contained within can unleash.

As half a day passes in the outside world, Hope gradually acclimates to the lack of pressure on himself.

For so long, he has followed along with Neil's orders and recommendations. He has fought and killed demons to serve humanity's better interests. This often resulted in the Second Wordsmith suffering physical and mental injuries, but these traumatic events also served to harden his resolve.

The demons are humanity's enemy. Hope knows this in his heart.

But inside the Hall of Heroes, time breezes by, especially thanks to sharing plenty of romantic time with his loving fiance. Sometimes, Amelia tries baking or cooking food to keep Hope's energy high. He could always Wordsmith some food or have the spiritual butlers and maids do the job, their soulless bodies perfectly capable of rising to the task.

But Amelia finds herself often having little to do, so she insists on making Hope try her home cooking. Unsurprisingly, the former Black Witch is a horrible cook, but Hope still happily eats whatever she gives him, so deep is his love for her.

As usual, Hope goes about his business, summoning Heroes from their relics to learn more about them.

A little girl, perhaps 12 years old, sits on a rock in front of Hope. Her body is only a spiritual projection beamed from her artifact, but like Solomon, she still appears visibly solid and substantial thanks to the Hall of Heroes' special enhancements.

Hope smiles at the girl. Having obtained knowledge of all of the relics from the mind of the captured Volgrim elites, few details have evaded him up to now, but this artifact still piqued his interest, if only because there was so little information on it inside Psymin Miralax's memories.

"Your name is...?"

"Wendy!"

Wendy smiles cutely at Hope, her long brown hair hanging down to her waist.

"This is great!" Wendy says unprompted. "I was so lonely inside that void, but now I'm back! I can see the world again! I thought I was going to be all alone forever..."

Her words echo a sentiment shared among many of the Heroes Hope has met until now.

Loneliness.

Isolation.

Manic fits.

Countless Heroes have gone insane from 100,000 years of complete isolation. Until now, Hope has never met someone so bubbly and happy inside an artifact.

"You seem to have gotten along well enough. Are you doing alright?" Hope asks.

"Mhm!" Wendy chirps. "I used to feel lonely, but then I realized I could just make a new friend if I wanted to. So I did! And he always kept me company."

"Who's your... friend?" Hope asks the little girl.

"He's right here!" Wendy says, gesturing to the empty space on her right. "His name is Windy! He's a magical Wind Rabbit!"

Hope continues to smile.

_Fuck. She went crazy, too._ The Wordsmith thinks.

"So... Wendy. Your friend's name is... Windy?"

"Mhm!" Wendy nods.

"Alrighty then." Hope says with a quiet sigh. "If you don't mind my asking, what were your heroic abilities?"

Wendy cocks her head. "My what?"

"You know. Your heroic abilities. Your powers. Your magic." Hope tries to explain. "I'm a Wordsmith. I can make magic happen just by speaking a single word. For example, **Flower.**"

Hope conjures a lily in his grasp. Then he smiles and hands it to the little girl.

"Wow! That's amazing!" Wendy says, holding the flower out to the empty space on her right side. "What do you think, Windy? He's pretty cool, isn't he?"

Hope once again continues to force a pained smile.

"So... your power is...?"

"Oh, I don't know if I have a power at all." Wendy says. "I uh... OH, right! I can change the direction the wind is blowing!"

Hope blinks.

"You what?"

"The wind's direction!" Wendy says cheerfully. "If it's blowing east, I can make it blow west. I do tend to get really tired afterward, though... sometimes I plop over and fall asleep right in the grass."

Hope fiddles with Wendy's artifact, a small wooden statue of a cat. Despite appearing visibly faded with time, its spiritual aura has protected it from crumbling to dust over the ages, allowing Hope to understand that this must have been one of Wendy's toys when she was still alive, before her untimely death.

"Well, I don't have much use for changing the wind... but I bet you'd have made for a great sailor." Hope says, his smile becoming a bit warmer.

"Mhm. I always wanted to get on a sailboat and float across the sea..." Wendy says wistfully. "Say, you're not going to make me go back inside that void again, are you? I can be useful to you, if you just tell me what you want."

Wendy's cute smile starts to slip. An edge of panic appears in her eyes.

"Don't worry." Hope says, reaching over to squeeze her shoulder. "I won't put you back in the void. This is the Hall of Heroes. Now you and, uh, Windy- you two can make lots of new friends with other Heroes. I'll even work on getting you counseling so you can recuperate from your isolation."

"Ohh!" Wendy chirps, immediately brightening up. "I don't really understand, but as long as I don't have to live in the void anymore, that would make me so happy! Thank you mister Hope!"

"Anytime." Hope says. "Now, tell me more about yourself..."

For the next several hours, Hope gets to know the young girl. He learns about her life and personality, as well as her heroic feats, or rather, her lack thereof.

Ultimately, Wendy was a mere peasant living in an English fishing village who never accomplished anything of note in her life. She died to a disease, and that was the extent of her life's story.

After finishing with Wendy, Hope leads her to a garden filled with trees, bushes, vines and flowers. In this garden, a dozen other recently awakened Heroes mill about, all of them becoming visibly more interested as Hope leads Wendy inside.

"Everyone, this is today's new arrival, Wendy." Hope explains. "Let's all take good care of her."

After he spends a few minutes introducing Wendy, he takes off, leaving her and the other Heroes behind.

Not long after exiting the garden, Hope's smile deflates. He nudges Solomon's Crown grumpily.

"Almost sixty Heroes. Most of their powers, useless. These people are nobodies."

Solomon materializes beside Hope. He teleports from a different part of the Hall of Heroes, having been working on a side-project of some sort.

"You are fortunate to be the mightiest Hero who has ever lived, wielding a power unimaginable to your predecessors. Don't act haughty just because you lucked out, boy. The majority of Heroes lived short, mediocre lives. They were only Heroes in a technical sense."

"Wendy's just a girl who changes the direction of the wind before immediately falling asleep." Hope complains. "It's barely a magical ability at all. And what about the guy who could grow vines... slowly? What am I gonna do with an ability like that? Grow a beanstalk to the realm of giants? My Wordsmithing can already do the same thing!"

Solomon's kindly smile vanishes. He gives Hope a disapproving look.

"Listen. This is for your own good. Each of these Heroes are your predecessors. After all this time, they have become broken and destitute. Their souls are ruined, their psyches poisoned. This isn't just about you obtaining a quick power-up, it's about respecting the sometimes valiant, often pitiful lives of those who lived and died before you!"

Slightly taken aback, Hope nods respectfully at Solomon.

"Right. Yeah, sorry. I didn't mean to be rude..."

Solomon continues to stare evenly at Hope. After a few long moments, he looks away.

"I spoke with Raphael. He told me that Uzziel's condition has improved. He chose to give her ring to the Daughter of Heaven, Cassiel."

Only ten days earlier, or a few hours in real time, Hope and the Archangels sat down to repair Uzziel's soul in a process most incredible, but one which only brought back a babbling toddler-like angel, not the same person Uzziel once was.

Hope lowers his eyes.

"The Daughter of Heaven, huh?"

He avoids returning to the previous topic.

"I guess that's a good ending for the former Archangel."

Solomon nods, his gaze distant. "Mmm. Indeed."

A few awkward moments pass. Solomon clears his throat.

"Best get back to what you were doing. Keep up the good work, and you'll surely meet many intriguing Heroes of the past."

Hope nods. "Right."

Solomon vanishes, his body flickering away to reappear elsewhere in the Hall of Heroes.

After he leaves, Hope gazes into the distance for a moment, then he pulls the Crown off his head and sets it on a nearby altar. Inside the Hall of Heroes, he doesn't need to wear it for Solomon to remain in the physical realm.

Rubbing his head wearily, Hope starts mumbling to himself as he walks away. He looks at the floor while he walks, a hundred-mile stare on his face.

"...all so tiresome." Hope grouches quietly. "But he's the Knowledge Seeker. He's much smarter than me. I'm sure he has a purpose for making me do... all this."

Hope walks past a room where five Heroes he's spoken to in the last month sit in a circle, talking about their lives with one another, in a sort of group recovery session. 

Hope ignores them.

He continues walking until he reaches his home, a large and luxurious residence with a spacious bedroom and a comfortable bed. When he opens the door and steps into the living room, he immediately spots Amelia laying lazily on the couch, a thick book in her hands. From afar, he notes the title appears to be _Pete's Dragon._

"I'm back." Hope says, his tone coming off a little gruffer than he intended.

Amelia glances at him. "Welcome home. Are you... doing okay?"

Hope shrugs.

He walks over to the couch and plops down at the far end, beside Amelia's bare feet. Given how she's chosen to stretch out on the couch, she takes up most of the space, but still retracts her legs a bit to give him room.

Somewhat reluctantly, Amelia bends the corner of a page into a makeshift bookmark, then closes the book and sets it aside. She sits up and turns herself so she can flop against her fiance's chest.

"I'm just feeling a little worn out." Hope mutters, wrapping an arm around Amelia's shoulder. He smiles, despite his poor mood. Embracing her always makes his day better.

"Mmm." Amelia says, raising her eyes while leaning her head back. She looks at Hope's hairline. "No Crown?"

"No Crown." Hope confirms.

Several seconds pass. Amelia's eyes meet Hope's. The two smile at each other warmly. Hope leans down, and their lips press together.

"Mmm..."

Amelia makes a cute noise as she gently kisses Hope. He grunts in satisfaction, enjoying this private moment.

The two don't go any further than that. They merely pull apart and gaze into the fireplace before them. Heat wafts forward, warming the room to the perfect temperature, and creating a cozy atmosphere.

"This is nice." Hope murmurs. "I'm feeling better already."

Amelia's smile slips a little.

"You know..."

"Hm?"

Hope glances down at Amelia, noticing that she has averted her gaze.

"Is something wrong?" Hope asks.

"Not exactly." Amelia says. "It's just... I've been noticing you keep coming home in a bad mood every day."

"Oh. Sorry." Hope says, feeling slightly ashamed. "I should leave that at the door."

"I'm not bothered." Amelia says. "Not personally. But I am worried for you. Don't you think... you're acting a bit too passively?"

"Huh?" Hope grunts. "Passively? What do you mean?"

Half a minute of silence follows, as Amelia carefully considers her words.

"...before all of 'this,' you spent six years running Neil's errands."

"Neil and I agree that the demons must be eradicated." Hope retorts. "Is that bad?"

"And now you spend your days doing whatever Solomon commands." Amelia continues, ignoring Hope's counter-point. "If you think following their orders is the right thing to do, then that's that. I just worry that you haven't thought carefully about your decision to do so."

Hope frowns. "Amelia, what's this about? Do you think I'm an idiot for listening to what Neil and Solomon have to say?"

"That's not it at all." Amelia replies, finally turning her head back to look up at Hope. "But you're a Wordsmith. You're this generation's Hero. Say what you want about Jason, but he does what he wants to do and what he thinks is best. When Solomon tried to make him do something he didn't want to do, he refused, and Solomon came to you. Doesn't that make you feel a little... odd?"

"I'm not Jason." Hope replies, his frown deepening. "Jason is an idiot. Jason nearly got all of humanity killed because he kept falling for Ose's schemes. I'm being smart by listening to the counsel of people wiser than me."

"Listening to good advice is, of course, admirable," Amelia says, pulling out of Hope's embrace to turn and look at him more directly. "But it's been eating at me since you brought me here... if Solomon tells you to jump, you ask 'how high.' And that would be fine, except I can see that _you_ don't even like it. You just do whatever the old man says, even if it goes against what you think would be best."

She gazes into Hope's eyes.

"In your heart, do you think that your judgment is so poor, you don't deserve to have any plans of your own?"

Hope opens and closes his mouth a few times.

"That's- that's not the case at all! Look, Amelia, I'm not stupid. I know my own limitations. A smart man learns from his mistakes, but a wise man learns from the mistakes of others. Solomon is the smartest man in existence! He's setting me up to learn the history of the Heroes, to master their artifacts, and to give me incredible power."

"His goal is to genocide all of the demons. Just like Neil's goal." Amelia points out. "And what exactly makes you think Solomon is so wise? Have you forgotten? Solomon was duped like a clown by Satan the Devil. He fell for Satan's ploy and this ultimately led to the deaths of countless innocent people in Jerusalem, including Solomon's extended family!"

"That's proof that the demons are evil!" Hope protests.

"It's proof that those who call themselves 'wise' are just as capable of making terrible mistakes as everyone else." Amelia says. "My point is that you are acting completely passively. You haven't formulated any plans for the future, and you leave all of that to Solomon. Worse, it's _eating_ at you. I can see it in your eyes! Every day, you come home looking more and more beaten-down. You simply aren't willing to see the signs the way that I do."

"You can't make an omelette without breaking a few eggs." Hope argues. "Of course I'm frustrated. I think this work Solomon is putting me through is tedious and boring. But he's right! I descend from Jason, and it's easy enough to screw up by trying to do things my way. It's better to build up my willpower and make myself more formidable by training my patience. Jason never listens to anyone, and that's why I'm going to be better than him!"

"Who told you listening to your elders was what a wise person would do?" Amelia counters. "Was it Solomon? I bet it _was_ Solomon."

"Well, I mean..." Hope says, only to trail off.

"Exactly." Amelia says, shaking her head. "I'm not saying you should tell Solomon to piss off. I'm just saying I don't like seeing you become more and more bitter while lying to yourself as you've been doing. Maybe you should think about what YOU want to do, and less about doing what the old man commands."

Hope falls silent. He looks away from Amelia and falls deep into thought.

"...Yeah. Maybe you're right. I don't know."

The two lovers fall into an uncomfortable silence.

"I don't know what I want." Hope says slowly. "I've never really put much thought into it. I guess if I had to choose, I'd pick... whisking you away to live on a vacation world?"

Amelia snorts. "Like hell you will. I'm bored enough here as it is."

"You are?" Hope asks, looking at her with concern. "I didn't realize."

"That's because you're so busy doing whatever Solomon commands that you haven't paid much attention to me." Amelia states factually. "Hope, I've been _cooking_ for you. I hate cooking. I'm not even good at it. I'm just sitting around, playing housewife while we aren't even married yet. I, Amelia, used to run around Earth and beat the shit out of Heroes like Arthur. I, Annette used to... well, not do much at all besides whatever Bahamut commanded."

Amelia throws her hands up helplessly.

"I don't have powers anymore, or magic. I just hang around a bunch of _Heroes_ all day long. It's frustrating, Hope! I want to BE someone, to DO things that are useful. That's another reason I hate seeing you bow to Solomon's every whim. You might not realize it, but you and I are similar in that regard. We're not doing what _we_ want to do."

"So what is it you want to do?" Hope asks.

"Something... cool." Amelia says vaguely. "Maybe I should take up martial arts training. If I can't use magic, I can at least become good at physical combat."

"I could give you powers." Hope points out. "Through my Wordsmithing."

"It's not the same thing." Amelia groans. "Never mind. At this point, I'm just whining about my feelings."

"Babe..." Hope says lovingly, reaching over to pull her close. "I'm listening. I'll think about a way we can improve this situation. You're right, we have been just sitting around, letting Solomon dictate our lives. Or at least I have. But at the very least, I can think about a different future. _Our_ future."

Amelia smiles. "As long as you're happy, I'll be happy too."

Hope leans in to kiss Amelia, and she reciprocates.

The two of them finally drop the conversation, moving on to their favorite shared activity.

All the while, in the back of Hope's mind, he thinks about what Amelia said.

What does _he_ desire?