Part 339: Memory Restoration
Part 339: Memory Restoration

_Hell Harbor, inside the broken and shattered remains of where the Hidden Emperors first met._

Ose stands at the head of the meeting table, her eyes glowering with annoyance at the fact that that all of the seats have been destroyed and the table itself is in shambles. Along the edges of the table stand more than a dozen of the Hidden Emperors and their minions, but none of them appear to be in high spirits anymore.

Well, except for Bael.

The Duke of Pain casually sits on a nearby rock, leans back against another slightly bigger rock, and splays out his legs, leaving little to the imagination for the others present.

"Damn. You guys screwed up real good this time." Bael idly comments, picking at something stuck in his teeth with a random twig. "Archangels, aliens, and all kinds of other crap. Really screwed the Hellhound."

Ose inhales deeply.

"It's safe to say all of you performed miserably. Were it not for me, your worthless lives might have been extinguished by the Cherubiim, once and for all. I suppose some of that isn't your fault, given the sheer strength of our opponent. Even a bloody Confessor couldn't handle the Cherubiim."

Mephisto levitates off to the side of the room. His larger horns and significantly larger body make him stand out, giving him a somewhat fearsome appearance compared to his past self. Now an Emperor, Mephisto stands at the top of the demonic food chain, in much the same way as all the others present.

Along with Mephisto, Zamiel stands idly inside Monster King Kar's body, never having gotten a good chance to fight the Cherubiim. Emperor Gorn, clearly displeased by being held under Mephisto's control, still remains inside his 'Vermillion' body, with flames wafting off his bird-like appearance. Lastly, Emperor Fenrir sits on a large boulder, but instead of her original soul, a new one takes her place.

The new possessor of Fenrir's body is none other then Emperor Lupus, who lost her body during the Cherubiim's attack.

"This sucks." Lupus mutters. "So many Emperors dead, including me. Wolfram... gone. Even the Glyphmancer died to that Cherubiim."

Emperor Kristoff stares with rage-filled eyes at Mephisto.

"My wife's body is not yours to puppet, _Emperor of Legions._ You had better give her back... or face my wrath."

Mephisto turns a sly glance to the Emperor of Blood.

"Kekeke. You want your preciousss little woman? Come and take her. Ssshe isss mine, now. If you think you can defeat four other Emperorsss in combat... be my guessst."

"Don't think I won't." Kristoff says, as he takes a menacing step toward Mephisto.

"Stop squabbling." Ose says, turning a cold eye to their hostilities. "Hell Harbor is in ruins, but instead of taking responsibility, you want to blame Mephisto for your wife's demise, Kristoff. Hmph. At least her body is still being useful. Since Lupus has lost her body, Fenrir's will prove an adequate vessel."

"My wife is not some trinket to be used for Mephisto's purposes!" Kristoff roars. "He should give her back to me!"

"Why? So you can wrap her up and bury her to honor her memory?" Ose scoffs. "Or maybe you still crave the taste of her flesh, hmm? I don't care whether you want to fuck her corpse, Kristoff, but keep it in your pants. We need every Emperor-level powerhouse we can find at this critical juncture. One more word from you, and I'll do to you what I did to that Cherubiim."

Kristoff shoots Ose a nasty glare. "Oh? And what would that be? A swing and a miss? Will you let me escape while giving me information on your abilities? You were outmaneuvered by that crafty Archangel of Wisdom, and you know it. Stop acting so high and mighty."

Emperors Guura and Melody sit off at the far edge of the table on two rocks they've plunked down. Not far from them sits Emperor Viola, a member of their Hell who was also one of the very few Hidden Emperors to miss the Cherubiim battle entirely.

Viola's drab black dress, eyeliner, and hair give her a distinctly gothic appearance. She watches the proceedings with a look of boredom so profound that an observer might expect her to fall over and die if she becomes even a little bit more bored.

"You guys are suuuch a _drag_..." Viola groans. "Seriously, just get on with the... _whatever_. I only came because this was like, an emergency, or something."

"You have no say in this matter." Kristoff replies, glancing at Viola. "You weren't there when the Cherubiim attacked. You just sat at home playing with your little toys."

"True. I didn't get my butt kicked." Viola says, smiling slightly at her jab. "Unlike you."

Yardrat stands at the far end of the table, directly opposite Ose. He waves his hand flippantly at the others and sighs. "Never mind all of that. Ose, that creature who appeared in the sky; a Confessor, you said? I presume she was one of the Overlords. Given the events that have just transpired, I think you should forget the old treaties and whatever else. It's time to fill us in on who these Overlords are and what our next move should be. With that Wordsmith sending Archangels our way, we can't sit in the dark any longer."

Despite being one of Mephisto's thralls, Gorn still retains his free will, except for when it interferes with Mephisto's commands. He nods along with Yardrat's words. "I agree. It's time we cast aside the mind-wipes. If the Overlords couldn't protect us from the Cherubiim, then I don't think they're much of a threat anymore. Be it the First Emperor or Ose's newly empowered self, the Overlords aren't a threat to us any longer. We need to rise up and take back our sovereignty."

"They absolutely are still a threat." Ose interjects. "The Overlords are not entities you can merely overthrow or ignore on a whim. Even at their absolute weakest, so long as the Second Founder exists, they can destroy any world they like and claim supreme rule over the galaxy. My new power might be incredible, but I'm not confident I can defeat Dosena in a fight to the death. She probably can't kill me, but then again, perhaps she can. Bael's body is nearly invincible... but 'nearly' does not mean 'entirely.'"

Bael nods. "Yup. I fought Grandma Camael during the War in Heaven. Damn geezer broke my arm! And heck, Ose's speed-punch broke my arm again! So it's doable."

"Not to mention the humans ruined your right eye," Ose says, reaching up to touch the now-fully-intact appendage, restored through Mephisto's necromancy. "So, truly, I can't afford to be completely arrogant. Let's just say that if I had to fight the strongest overlord, I'm 10% confident I could win and 50% confident I could flee and survive."

She smiles, revealing a hint of ambition.

"Of course, that is as I am now. Presently, my powers have been limited to the rank of Duke. Once I evolve Bael's body to the rank of Emperor, I will regain my full strength. Perhaps then, that ten percent will climb much higher. Maybe Bael's old body will become truly invincible."

After a momentary pause, Ose changes topics.

"Regarding the Overlords, I do agree that the mind-wipes have become irrelevant. Humanity's leader either knows or will soon know about the Overlords' true identities. There's no point in keeping you all in the dark, so, rather than wasting my time blabbering on about it all..."

Ose closes her eyes. The more spiritually aware Emperors, such as Mephisto, watch as her Astral Body steps out of her fleshly figure and rushes away.

Half an hour later, Ose returns and re-enters her body. A human steps through the broken door to the chamber, revealing his identity to be Benjamin Brown. In his hands, he holds a small silvery metal orb, one that pulses with magical energy.

Benjamin walks up to Ose's side and raises an eyebrow. "Are you certain? There's no undoing this, not without a lot of time, effort, and pain."

"The memory blockers don't matter anymore." Ose says, snatching the metal ball out of the human's hands. "If anyone acts too rowdy... I'll just have to kill them."

Several Hidden Emperors frown.

"What do you mean?" Yardrat asks. "Act rowdy? Kill someone? What's this about?"

"Well, as I'm sure you can imagine," Ose explains, "some of you were very naughty demons. You nearly caused the Volgrim to condemn our species to Total Rendition, back in the day. I would hope you won't entertain any delusions of grandeur once you get those memories back... but if you do, and if you insist on rallying armies to smite our _benevolent_ Overlords, I'll kill you myself."

She shrugs.

"What are you going to do? Fight me? If the lot of you couldn't beat the Cherubiim, you'll be helpless if I attack. So keep your ambitions buried, for all our sakes."

Ose doesn't wait to hear any further objections. She simply holds the orb up in the air and shoots it with electrical magic from her eyes.

"Unlock for me."

Ose activates the magic contained within this special orb, which causes a burst of energy to well up inside it. The device glows for a few seconds before firing a beam straight upward, a single pulse of energy that passes through all material in its path, reverberates through Hell Harbor's upper atmosphere, and races across the entire galaxy.

Moments later, every single Emperor in the room buckles forward, falls to their knees, and screams in pain.

Yardrat howls as if his soul has caught fire. Kristoff screams bloody murder.

Mephisto's undead servants, including Lupus, Zamiel, and Gorn, all lose their footing and tumble to the floor, curling into the fetal positions.

The Dukes from the Hell of Lust weep tears of blood as their brains strain under the pressure of new memories reasserting themselves.

Fae, Crow, Serena, Maltus, Huul, Melody, Guura, and Viola all suffer the pain of brain-drain coming within inches of ravaging their souls.

Only one figure remains unmoved.

Bael calmly lays back and watches as everyone screams, begs for mercy, and wails as if their lives are about to end.

"Damn. That sure looks like it hurts. Hehe. Poor buncha silly cunts."

All across space and time, every demon who had their memories sealed, all the monsters, and all the rest, experience a sudden and unexpected burst of agony inside themselves as they suffer the same pain as their leaders.

Aside from a minuscule minority of elites from the First Hell, nobody older than eighty-five thousand years escapes the pain of reintegrating their memories. Billions of demons and monsters fall into temporary comas, unable to rouse themselves until they've reintegrated their memories.

A full hour later, the Emperors begin to wake up, one by one.

As one of the demons possessing a strong soul, Serena opens her eyes first. The blind Emperor grabs onto a nearby block of demonstone and pulls herself to a languid sitting position.

"Oh... devils... my... head..."

Emperor Viola wakes up next. She immediately jumps to her feet and shoots a look of angry annoyance Ose's way.

"Maybe a little warning, next time?"

One by one, the other Emperors rouse their spirits and souls. In the end, the Dukes from the Hell of Lust, and Dorma, the Duke of Delicacies, end up reviving last, due to their weaker souls and minds.

Several emotions reverberate around the room.

Emperor Gorn gazes at the floor while long-buried memories evoke thoughts of anger.

"I remember. I was one of the leaders of that... insurrection. I wanted to topple the Volgrim and put demonkind at the top of the galaxy's power structure."

"Yeah, and I helped you out." Fae says. "I couldn't stand the thought of a boring, miserable existence where we'd only ever get the scraps the Volgrim gave us. And look what's happened now! What a bunch of bullshit!"

The many assembled demon elites slowly grapple with their restored memories, their senses of self, and their long-lost ambitions that were snuffed out by Diablo in the past.

After witnessing not only the might of the Cherubiim, but the powers of the Volgrim in the past, even the most ambitious demons present, such as Gorn, find themselves struggling to reconcile their hatred of their current circumstances with the harsh reality that they simply aren't strong enough to change their fate.

As Gorn wanders back and forth, flames wafting off his bird-like body to fall to the floor, a hollow look appears in his eyes.

"Truly, I was a frog in a well." He mutters. "The Volgrim nearly destroyed us, the last time we fought them. Now, the Wordsmith's rise threatens us a second time, but our situation is even more precarious than before."

"If only you knew." Ose says. "Now that you all have comprehended the might of our alien overlords, you can begin to understand the Threat they fight against now, the menace known as the Plague. Even I am not privy to the most sensitive details, but from what I have gleaned, this 'Plague' is something we absolutely cannot withstand."

The Hidden Emperors listen intently to Ose's words as she reveals information surprising to all of them.

"The Plague first appeared eighty-five thousand years ago," Ose explains. "It arrived long after the mind-wipes, when the lot of you were fully ignorant as to the identities of the Volgrim, and our galactic situation. Had you known, you probably would have launched another attack on the Volgrim and gotten us all killed. Instead, you stayed ignorant and left the Volgrim to fight that battle themselves. Now, after all these years, the fight is ramping up, and its conclusion appears inevitable."

She pauses.

"The Volgrim will lose. And once they fall, the Plague will come for us. We will all perish. None will be able to stop it."

"This 'Plague' sounds alarming, to say the least." Yardrat says. "What can you tell us about it?"

"It's not a sickness, not in the strictest sense." Ose explains. "Rather, it's more of an infection that forcibly mutates the host's body..."

Ose begins explaining in detail the Plague's parameters, or at least those that she knows, to the other demons. The more she talks, the graver their expressions become.

"Bloody hell." Bael grunts. "Space zombies. Probably scarier than Mephisto's undead goons. Sheesh. The 'Volg-rats' really know how to pick their enemies."

"How are we even supposed to contend against such a foe?" Emperor Crow asks. "What use is a Demon Deity if even the Volgrim's mightiest Psions can only slow the Plague down?"

Emperor Gorn casts a shrewd glance Ose's way.

"That's why you pushed for Stormbringer so hard, isn't it? You wanted to capture the Wordsmith. He was to be your insurance against the Plague."

"Correct." Ose affirms. "I believed, and still do, that if we capture the Wordsmith and bend him to our will, we can make demonkind more powerful than ever, to the point we can defeat not only this Plague, but the Volgrim as well."

Bael snorts. "Ose, you're such a dumbass. Seriously! You already lost to that Wordshit once. You had the winds at your back and the upper hand, but you still lost. What makes ya think you could do it again? Especially when you done killed his little girl. He won't hold back if ya clash a second time."

"I took on the Wordsmith by myself," Ose reminds Bael and the others. "I arrogantly believed my strength was enough to capture him and make him my slave. But now, I know better. If all of us work together, and if we join hands, we can defeat the Wordsmith. Not only one Emperor, but all of us. The Cherubiim won't be a threat as long as I'm around. If we all join together-"

"Why should we go along with your plan?" Yardrat interrupts. "Maybe we can all defeat the Wordsmith, but maybe we can't. You just want his power for yourself. Admit it, Ose."

"I _did_ crave his power," Ose replies, "but no more. Now, I only want it to empower demonkind as a whole. Don't you understand? This is all or nothing. We have to capture the Wordsmith's family, force him to submit, and ensure he becomes our slave. The Volgrim already have their sights on him, but they fear his potential. They won't make any sudden moves, not just yet anyway, and we can use that time to quickly overwhelm him before he rebuilds and fortifies humanity's defenses!"

Ose continues. "If we don't take this chance, the Wordsmith will surely build weapons capable of suppressing and repelling us. Once he fortifies Tarus II, we'll lose our chance forever! Humanity will become unstoppable. Prior to the Volgrim, humanity was already acting as the apex predator of Earth, and that was without a Hero guiding them! With a Hero, and especially the Wordsmith taking command, we'll lose our status and become second- no, third-rate citizens of the Milky Way! Behind humanity and the Volgrim both!"

Ose's tenor and tempo increases as she speaks, sweeping up her audience in the moment.

However, one demoness remains immune to her words.

Emperor Serena raises her hand. "This sentiment is all well and good. However, why have you pivoted? You mind-wiped all of us to ensure we wouldn't rebel against the Volgrim, yet now you seek to capture the Wordsmith in order to do exactly that. With all your comments about the Second Founder's strength, Dosena surely is not an enemy we can afford to provoke."

"A lot has changed since the ancient insurrections." Ose dryly says. "The Volgrim are stretched thin. The Wordsmith is weakened. And, according to the intelligence I've received... he does _not_ possess Excalibur."

"What? He doesn't?" Yardrat asks. "But you said-"

"I know what I said." Ose replies. "I detected Camael's magical signature, the same one we always felt in the presence of her mightiest artifacts. However, it did feel slightly different compared to Excalibur's signature, and now that the Volgrim have confirmed they still possess Excalibur, we know the Hero was merely trying to deceive us. He used his Wordsmithing to trick Mephisto's senses. Don't forget, the Wordsmith's powers defy comprehension. It's not out of line to suggest he could fake a powerful mana signature. As it happens, he can perfectly mimic a demon's energy too, based on how he first came to meet me on Hell Harbor."

"Hmph. Well, I suppose dealing with him quickly isn't out of the question." Yardrat mutters. "But many of us are still utterly drained and exhausted after fighting the Cherubiim. It will likely take Kristoff weeks to replenish his mana. Lupus exhausted herself battling the Cherubiim, and she needs time to acclimate to Fenrir's body."

Ose nods. "We can't delay too long. I say we prepare and launch an attack with the Dukes and Barons of our respective Hells within the next... two weeks! The more time we give the Wordsmith, the faster he'll be able to rebuild and erect defenses."

"I will help you devise a plan of attack." Gorn says. "I may have lost my head, but I hardly lost any mana, since I fell so early. While the others rest, you and I can exploit the Wordsmith's vulnerabilities. We must succeed, or our species is doomed."

"That is acceptable." Ose concludes.

While the many assembled Emperors begin detailing their plans and how they might attack the Wordsmith while he's still weak, Bael stands up and saunters over to the three Emperors from the Hell of Isolation.

"Hey. Viola, Guura, Melody. You gals got a sec?"

Bael keeps his voice low, surprising them. Guura is the first to reply.

"What's up, Bael?"

"Is something the matter?" Viola asks.

Bael glances around the room.

"Hmm. I think it's better if we go back to your Hell to talk. You've got those anti-peeping things there, right?"

"Isolation barriers." Viola affirms. "We do. Why the secrecy?"

Melody slaps Bael's arm. "Yeah, Bael! No need to get all serious on us! Just say it!"

The Duke of Pain shakes his head.

"Sorry, ladies. I'd rather keep this between the three of you and me. Besides, none of you are gonna get involved in Ose's thing, right?"

The three Emperors shake their heads in unison. "No."

Bael gestures to the doorway.

"Then let's ditch this joint. You just know Ose's gonna mess up real bad anyway. No point in sticking around."

"Alright." Viola says, sweeping a few strands of black hair out of her eyes. "We'll head back now."

Ose shoots a suspicious glance at Bael and the Hell of Isolation, but says nothing. She knows perfectly well how they will perform if forced to enter battle, so she doesn't even bother with requesting their assistance.

However, as Bael, the three Emperors, and Duke Dorma head out, a shadowy figure follows in their wake.

Emperor Yama hisses quietly to himself while skulking in the darkness.

"Kekeke... you have seen something we did not intend for you to see..." Yama mutters. "Oh, Bael... your soul is formidable, but your body is tender. We must make you and these other pretty girls our obedient little _sluts_ for the rest of eternity... kekeke..."