Part 649: Dolgris Guides Us
Part 649: Dolgris Guides Us

_Far-Future Era. Day 2, AJR. The water-covered world of XR-Zanovra._

Screams fell upon the ears of the fifty elite Dolgrimite warriors. Their leader was a fierce female named Ursilon, who wore leather skins ripped from the hides of massive exobeasts she had personally hunted. Like all Dolgrimites, she eschewed wielding weapons in favor of unleashing her body's natural killing tools; her claws and teeth. A feral look boiled in her eyes as she hungrily listened to the world around her.

In the distance, down a hill leading away from the Warpgate, waves of unstoppable Kolvaxians smashed into fortified walls built to keep the sea out. As the walls broke, millions of liters of water poured into the nearest city, drowning Technopaths and Changelings alike, allowing the Kolvaxians to swim toward them, snatch their bodies from the floodwaters, then drag them down to the soil below, where they and their victims would disappear, never to be seen in their pure Volgrim forms again.

With the Warpgate up on an elevated hill, it was in no danger of XR-Zanovra's oceans swallowing it, short of a massive tsunami suddenly occurring, but this planet was amazingly stable and earthquakes simply never happened.

A beautiful star hung in the sky, its rays of sunshine warming the planet, contrasting with the unending screams of the helpless Volgrim below.

Ursilon inhaled deeply. Her pupils dilated as she looked up at XR-Zanovra's sun, grinning like a madwoman.

"These Kolvaxians are our prey. But they are formidable. Do not take them lightly. Treat them as the deadly adversaries  they are. If any of you fall, you will never escape eternal shame under Dolgris's watchful eyes! Bring glory to His divine name! Show the faithless heathens why our God is the ONE true God!"

The other 49 Dolgrimites raised their fists and roared in unison, the sound sending a small shockwave outward and summoning the attention of countless nearby Kolvaxians. Smelling prey with potent life energies, a massive swarm of more than a thousand Kolvaxians ran, flew, and swam under the soil toward them.

With their true abilities having been revealed during the battle of Maiura, the Plagueborn no longer hid their ability to tap into psionic powers. The only ones that didn't fly were those not directly born of Psion hosts like the rest. But even low-ranking Psiovaxians were terrifying. Their bodies were still as powerful as Executor Huron, and he was a bonafide Low Cosmic with a body matching Middle Cosmics.

Seeing so many faceless monsters known for their planet-cracking strength barreling right at them, any other Sentients would have started quaking in their boots, lost all courage, and bolted.

But not Dolgris's most devout followers. Their battle intent soared. They rushed directly toward the Kolvaxians, spreading out as they split up and traveled in all directions to meet the sphere of bodies engulfing them.

From the Founder's Soul, Unarin and the other Founders watched with rapt attention, utterly silent as several camera drones on XR-Zanovra played the battle for them, live.

They were not the only ones observing. Inside the Spynet Sphere, Fiona, Blinker, and Rebecca took turns watching the camera feeds, their nerves on edge as they wondered what the hell these idiot Dolgrimites were thinking. All of them were mere mortals, and they were fighting creatures with Cosmic bodies. Were they suicidal?!

The tiny defending force of 50 Dolgrimites met the assault force of 1000 Kolvaxians as if they were the ancient Spartans of Earth's legends. Fearless, they collided against the faceless monstrosities, and a brutal melee erupted!

Everything happened so fast, none of the observers could entirely make out what was going on! All they saw was a mess of colored scaled and rotted-green flesh tangling up like a squad of cats all fighting at once. Feral roars erupted as the Dolgrimites started tearing into their enemies.

With her distinctive bone-mask worn over her face, Ursilon stood out from her companions. She grabbed a Kolvaxian and bit onto its neck, ripped out its throat, and swallowed it in one gulp, Her claws raked across its chest, and she crushed it with a bear hug, breaking several of its ribs. At the same time, ten other Kolvaxians punched and scratched at her scales, but for some reason, she didn't even seem to notice their blows, as if they were mere toddlers slapping a brick wall.

Ursilon tore the Kolvaxian apart with frightening savagery, then pounced upon another. A beam of focused psionic energy struck her body and knocked her to the side, but she stomped her foot and instantly regained her footing, then pounced at the Psiovaxian that had the guts to attack her!

She bit down on its neck and tore its head off, ripping part of the Kolvaxian's spine out as well. She crushed the monster's skull in her mouth and swallowed the bones and brains, licked her lips, and charged at yet another one!

The moment the other Founders realized the Dolgrimites had not instantly lost, but had somehow turned the tables on the previously unstoppable alien monsters, they became shocked out of their wits.

"This-this! How is this possible?!" Cuanali cried out. The Fourth Founder looked at Cinculu with a look of horror, shock, and excitement all at the same time. It had been an eon since she last showed such strong emotion. "This is impossible! Those Dolgrimites are only mortals!"

Cinculu looked at her with the smuggest expression a reptilian possibly could. He folded his claws on the table and smirked. "All is possible when one accepts Dolgris's providence."

Five minutes later, half of the Kolvaxians were dead. Not defeated, not incapacitated and slowly reviving, but truly dead! Any Kolvaxian that fell into the meat grinder of a Dolgrimite's claws and jaws perished and never returned.

It was as if their hardy bodies had turned into soft slabs of tofu. The Kolvaxians silently attacked and pummeled the Dolgrimites, but Dolgris's Chosen shrugged these planet-rumbling punches off with contemptuous ease.

Before long, only 250 Kolvaxians remained. Then only a hundred.

The remaining Kolvaxians finally did something the Founders had never seen before.

They fled!

Some of them dove underground to flee the Dolgrimites' hateful claws.

The Psion-types took to the skies and flew away, racing to get out of range before it was too late!

By the time the few remaining Kolvaxians had dispersed, the blood-covered Dolgrimites had already regrouped. All fifty of them were alive, and none appeared even a little injured!

"Roaaar!!!" Ursilon screamed. "Dolgris guides us! Dolgris protects us! This so-called Plague is nothing but a herd of prey animals before Dolgris's might! Death to the usurpers! Death to those who defame His name!!"

Cinculu watched from the Founder's Soul, more pleased than he had ever been in his entire life. While Treyza remained completely unmoved, as emotionless as ever, it was still clearly surprised by these happenings. Nobody thought the Dolgrimites would crush the Kolvaxians as easily as they did. In fact, nobody thought they would win at all!

"Impressive." Unarin said.

That was all he said. He stared at the holo-image stoically, but Cinculu could tell he was frightened out of his wits. How could he not be? The power of Dolgris was truly overbearing!

After that armada of Kolvaxians had been deterred, Ursilon stabbed a finger toward the village. "Go now! Clear out the rest of these lowly pests! Put the fear of Dolgris into them! Make the parasite's queen know her days are numbered!!"

The Dolgrimites split up into twenty-five groups of two. They charged into the city, with Ursilon joined by a male companion named Pyrakos. True to his name, his scales glowed red with flaming patterns of some sort. A scorching heat boiled beneath his natural armor, causing the gaps between his scales to glow an ominous red.

"My mate. My beautiful mate!" Pyrakos shouted, looking at his lover adoringly. "I pledge to kill twice as many servants of the false god as you!"

"Hah, a pointless boast!" Ursilon exclaimed, meeting his gaze with equal desire. "If you can succeed, I will mate with you and produce another brood! But you had better not let me down!"

"I would never!" Pyrakos retorted. "If I fail, let none call me your mate again!"

Working together, they leaped into the flooded city and swam toward a horde of underwater Kolvaxians without stopping. As reptilian Volgrim who stayed true to their ancient forms, the Dolgrimites were equally adept on land and in sea. In fact, they were even faster and more fierce underwater than above!

They darted around like crocodiles, using their tails to speed up their swimming speed and adjust their direction as they crashed into the underwater Kolvaxian hordes and spilled their green blood into the flooded city for all to see. Before long, the water became so thick with torn apart body parts, tendons, and Kolvaxian blood that most normal Sentients would be totally lost.

But not the Dolgrimites. They somehow sensed the watery abyss around them and continued hunting the Kolvaxians, crushing their bones and ripping apart their bodies as if they had never been empowered by Artoria in the first place.

Fiona, watching from Chrona, constantly massaged her eyes in wonder. She felt like she was dreaming. How were Dolgris's Devotees so easily able to overpower the previously-thought unstoppable Kolvaxians? She couldn't figure out what the missing puzzle piece was.

The Kolvaxians on XR-Zanovra began to move differently from before. No longer did they mindlessly hunt the remaining life forms. Instead, they started coordinating their movements, locking their senses on the unstoppable Dolgrimites while also trying to keep their distance. The Dolgrimites were extremely fast underwater, and were easily capable of chasing down any Kolvaxians that didn't take to the skies.

But then, Ursilon grabbed her lover, Pyrakos. She and he both stopped their movements and looked down at the soil beneath them.

Their senses tingled a warning. Danger was approaching.

"ORAAAK!" Ursilon shouted, her voice releasing a sonic boom underwater that traveled outward for kilometers in every direction. Like a whale's sonar, it alerted all the other Dolgrimites, and they ceased their pursuit. Like a hivemind, they pivoted in unison and swam toward their leader, arriving beside her within less than twenty seconds.

Ursilon gestured with her claws, and the other Dolgrimites nodded. They quickly swam for the shore, leaped out of the water, and arrived on solid ground, quickly taking up defensive positions.

At once, a trio of Kolvaxors burst from the bloodied, muddied lake behind them and rose into the sky. They were none other than the fallen forms of Executors Nufaris, Huron, and Sartran.

In one way, it was a blessing that Demila had devoured the power of so many elite Psions before killing herself. At the very least, she guaranteed the Kolvaxian scourge could not assimilate Vi, Riley, or Fellrun's powers into itself.

Even so, three Kolvaxors facing down the fifty Dolgrimites made them no longer shout so eagerly. The power radiating from these true Cosmics was enough to make their skin crawl.

"Do not feel fear." Ursilon said solemnly. "Dolgris guides us. Dolgris protects us. These false gods are nothing compared to His power. Alone, we are no match for them, but together, we hold the advantage."

The other Dolgrimites nodded. They did not shout boisterously like before, but instead remained silent as they looked up at the monsters before them.

Kolvaxor Nufaris tilted its faceless head, ever so slightly.

A single word, as chilling as death itself, drifted into the air.

[**DOLGRIS...**]

Ursilon flinched. She took a step back and gasped. "You speak, monster?!"

But the Kolvaxor said nothing else. In an instant, Kolvaxor Huron dove at the Dolgrimites, raised his fist, and punched with enough force to blow open a massive crater in the planet.

Ursilon had no time to react. She simply threw a punch back. When their fists met, her arm snapped backward, and she was pounded down into the dirt, sent dragging along the ground for a quarter of a kilometer!

The leader of the Dolgrimites fainted. The other forty-nine roared and attacked, with Pyrakos leading the charge.

"Remember! Alone, we are weak! But together, we are unstoppable!" Pyrakos roared. "Combine your powers into me! Give no quarter!"

The other Dolgrimites aimed their palms at Pyrakos's back. They began chanting in unison.

"We are Dolgris's Devotees! Our feet sunder the soil! Our claws tear the heavens! Together, we are united!"

Nothing seemed to happen. Pyrakos stupidly charged at Kolvaxor Huron as if he had a death wish, and the Psiovaxian send another punch at him. Pyrakos met this punch with a punch of his own.

When their fists collided, a deafening explosion erupted outward. Sand blasted in all directions. Trees ripped from the soil. Rocks were sent flying! Pyrakos held his ground! Somehow, he matched Huron's strength pound for pound! The two of them erupted into a fury of blows, their fists striking one another all over their bodies, knocking each other back only a little but continuing to rain blows on one another. The other 48 Dolgrimites did nothing but keep their claws aimed at Pyrakos, and to the outside observers, it indeed appeared as if they had somehow passed a part of whatever mystical power each one possessed on to their new temporary leader.

A massive chain snapped down from above. Kolvaxor Sartran transmuted several nearby trees into chains made of iron, then enchanted those chains with the power of thunder. He struck Pyrakos's back when the Dolgrimite's attention was on Huron, and a howl of pain escaped Pyrakos's jowls. At the same time, Kolvaxor Nufaris turned his attention on the other Dolgrimites, who remained immobile.

He rushed at them and sent a powerful gravity wave downward, crushing their bodies into the dirt. Suddenly, Pyrakos's strength dropped noticeably. He started losing in a raw strength matchup to Huron as the links to his comrades weakened.

But among those other Dolgrimites, one of them suddenly gained a huge power boost. A male named Zerravul leaped out of the crowd at Nufaris, taking the Kolvaxor by surprise. Before Nufaris could cancel his gravity attack, the empowered Dolgrimite bit onto his left arm and tugged with all his strength.

_Riiiip!_

He tore the Kolvaxor's entire arm off, causing blood to gush from the wound. Just like before, the bleeding did not stop, and the Kolvaxian's most fearsome healing ability did not activate. Nufaris seemed to shudder with pain, and his body momentarily froze up. Zerravul took this opportunity to bite onto Nufaris's neck, then yank his head backward.

He tore the Kolvaxor's head off!

Kolvaxor Nufaris perished, leaving only the other two behind.

Even though he had been drastically weakened and was unable to put up a good fight against Huron, Pyrakos still fought like hell, relying more on martial skills than his raw strength. He slithered like an eel, catching his powerful opponent in a head-lock. He tried to tear Huron's skull off his body like Zerravul had just done, but his strength was too pitiful. Huron turned the tables, pulled the feisty Dolgrimite off him, and hurled him to the side, sending him crashing into several boulders that had not yet been blown away.

Instead of charging at its momentarily stunned adversary, or attacking the other Dolgrimites, Kolvaxor Huron looked left, then he looked right. His faceless head swiveled toward Kolvaxor Sartran, and for a brief instant, it seemed as if the two of them had locked eyes, assuming that was even possible.

Without warning, they darted away, dove underwater, and fled!

Pyrakos picked himself up. He jumped out of the crushed rocks and shook his head to clear away his slightly fuzzy vision. When he looked around, both Kolvaxors were gone!

"Where are they? Where did the false gods go?!" Pyrakos barked.

Zerravul strode over to him and clapped Pyrakos's shoulder. He grinned wickedly.

"They fled! The cowardly false gods fled! After I killed the False Executor, the other two knew they could not win. This is a victory for Dolgris!"

Pyrakos's eyes lit up. "Truly?! Bahaha! So it is! Dolgris guides us! Dolgris overcomes all!"

The Kolvaxors did not return. All the Kolvaxians on the planet slowly dove into the soil and disappeared. Before long, peace fell over XR-Zanovra, a quiet serenity it had not know for more than twenty Terran hours.

Pyrakos found his fallen mate. He roused her from her comatose form and helped her rise to her feet, while she looked around with a mixture of disbelief and devotion. At first she couldn't believe they had defeated such powerful adversaries, but then, she thought, of course they had! How could they not, with Dolgris guiding the hand of fate to favor them?

Millions of XR-Zanovra's Volgrim natives survived the Plague's incursion. They slowly advanced upon the ones who saved them, arriving by many different means. They looked at their saviors with reverence.

"You saved our lives. We owe you countless life debts." One Technopath said. "You accomplished what even the Founders themselves could not. From now on, anything you command, we will obey!"

Despite having taken a severe blow to her ego, Ursilon still remained the leader of Dolgris's Devotees. She stood proudly, her arms crossed and a haughty expression on her face.

"You have the right attitude! For countless cycles, your people have worshiped the false gods of metal and circuitry! So long as those hideous implants and mutilations scar your body, Dolgris will never accept you! BUT, you may rejoice. If you dispose of them, He will welcome you with open claws. From now on, we shall station a platoon of Dolgris's Devotees on this world! Those of you who wish to abandon the falsities you were taught, you may yet take hold of a glorious future!"

Cheers erupted from the crowd.

"Dolgris saved us! Dolgris is our god! We worship Him! We will give up our evil ways to serve Him!"

The other Dolgrimites looked at each other with expressions of great satisfaction. They had accomplished their goal most marvelously. While Ursilon may have suffered a terrible blow, she did not die, and her injuries could be healed. She had not stained the reputation of Dolgris, so her sins could be forgiven.

Soon, the metal-worshipers would come to see the Truths they had been denied.

Soon, the Plague would realize it had awoken a slumbering horror more awful than itself.

"Dolgris guides us! Dolgris guides us! Glory to His name!"

...

Fiona watched the battle on XR-Zanovra with rapt attention. The finale left her gobsmacked, but eventually, she accepted it and began to mentally model what might have happened.

"The Dolgrimites... are able to share power? Uplift themselves to the rank of Cosmic to fight other Cosmics?"

Rebecca shook her head. Even she appeared puzzled. "We did not detect any Cosmic power radiating from them. Whatever means they used to defeat the Kolvaxians, it was not an orthodox method."

Fiona narrowed her eyes. She tapped her lip thoughtfully and looked into the distance.

"Dolgris... who, or _what_, is he?"