Part 667: Hellspawn vs Heavenspawn
Part 667: Hellspawn vs Heavenspawn

**[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DVRMGxPHmw8)**

_January 29th, 2021. Saint Catherine's Monastery._

Hamir, the Baron of Frost, and Cassiel, the Daughter of Heaven, wasted little time with pleasantries. Once Hamir realized who he was dealing with, his desire to kill Heaven's Daughter immediately began an internal battle against his preference to stay alive. He shot ice out behind himself and rocketed horizontally to the right, barely dodging as Cassiel pounced at him and slashed where his neck was only an instant earlier. Her sword cut through the air and cleanly sliced through his ice trail, sending frost flying.

Hamir spun while flying away. He deliberately crashed his back against the cobblestone road in order to aim his palms at the Mightiest Lazarite. Fourteen icicles fired at Cassiel, and she quickly bent her body to avoid them. Her shield of light enlarged in an instant, with no need for complicated casting patterns or spoken words. It operated purely on the limits of her imagination, enlarging and hardening to protect her entire body at the speed of thought. The loud sounds of ice against magisteel rang out in the air, then Heaven's Daughter gave chase after her prey.

Just as Cassiel was about to make a killing lunge to behead her opponent who had fallen onto his ass, her eyes flicked up and to the right. She flapped her wings and reversed her momentum right as a pair of Demon Barons wielding a heavy greathammer and a pair of swords attacked her from above. These newcomers failed to kill her, and their weapons struck or cut the empty air, impacting the monastery's cobblestone road harmlessly.

"Zamiel! Duriel!" Hamir shouted, jumping to his feet. "Good timing! This bitch is Heaven's Daughter! Don't take her lightly!"

If Jason were here, he would surely recognize the two of them. They were the Battle Brothers, two bastards who had worked together in the future to kill Monster King Kar. Jason managed to revive him later, but Kar had lost all of his strength and became a cripple because of them.

In this era, they were only Barons... but they were still considered half-Dukes due to having reached the limits of the Baron level.

"Hehe, no need to get your panties in a bunch!" Zamiel chuckled. "She's just some ugly woman! What can a lone Lazarite do against three Barons?"

Cassiel put a little distance between herself and the three Barons. Despite their numerical advantage, her expression beneath her helmet was anything but frightened.

"Look at those eyes." Duriel said. "She actually still wants to fight. Dumb broad, hehe..."

Zamiel was the older brother, but he was smaller than his younger brother, Duriel. Duriel was definitely the more physically imposing of the two, with a body that dwarfed his older brother. But what Zamiel lacked in stature, he made up for in cunning and finesse.

"Duriel, you take point." Zamiel ordered. "Hamir! Help me flank her! Let's pressure 'Heaven's Daughter' from all sides and see how she handles the combined might of three demon elites!"

Cassiel took a step back. She watched as Zamiel jumped atop a nearby residential rooftop to her right, and Hamir pounced up into a tree to the left, hiding amidst its branches. Duriel moved directly toward her fearlessly. It was clear he intended to draw her aggression.

In an instant, she came to a decision. She put away her sword and shield, and instead summoned a bundle of chains. At the end of the chain's length, there was a small weight attached. She conjured this new weapon in an instant, drawing the three demon's gazes.

"Heehee. Gonna tie yourself up with those?" Duriel taunted. "Too bad I ain't into broads. Maybe if you beg him with a pretty expression, Hamir will turn you into his little whore and let ya go."

"Filthy hellspawn." Cassiel growled. "Your kind... must ALL be purged!"

She snapped the chain up toward Zamiel on the rooftop. The knife at the end of the chain flew toward his heart, but he cut at the holy weapon with his swords and deflected it.

What Zamiel did not expect, or perhaps realize, was that this was no ordinary length of chain. It was forged from Cassiel's imagination. It was an extension of her mind!

After batting the chain away, Zamiel jumped off the rooftop toward Cassiel's rear, but a surge of alarm shot through his mind. He looked back just in time to see that the chain hadn't been knocked inert, but had instead coiled like a snake and pounced at him from behind!

"What? SHIT!" Zamiel cursed.

The knife made from holy energy at the tip of the chain plunged into a small gap in his armor and impaled his kidney. Zamiel lost his balance in midair and hit the ground with a heavy _thud_, gasping silently in pain as he grabbed the chain and tried to pull it out. However, the knife had morphed into a vicious barbed hook once it entered his body. It speared out in all directions and impaled even more of his vital organs. It finally morphed into a pair of razor-sharp swords that grew in size and bisected him at the waist.

Before Zamiel could utter a word, his body fell into two misshapen halves. He instantly died, unable to react to the Lazarite's secret technique!

Duriel looked at his leaping brother with a sneer. He didn't even have time to register Zamiel's sudden and unexpected death. He thought his brother was about to surprise the Lazarite by attacking her from behind, but at that moment, Zamiel's top and bottom halves fell to the ground, a dead look resting on his face.

"W-what?! Big brother? ZAMIEL?!" Duriel shrieked, horrified by the sight that met his eyes.

The chain turned into motes of light, then reformed in Cassiel's grasp. While Zamiel was momentarily struck dumb with fear and anger, Cassiel summoned a massive greatsword that was far lighter than it appeared. She flapped her wings and rushed at Duriel, intending to cut him down while he was momentarily shellshocked.

A burst of ice fired at her from Hamir's tree. He was already wary of Cassiel, having seen her instantly kill another Baron earlier, so Zamiel's death didn't root him in place with fear like it did with Duriel. Cassiel hurriedly stabbed the greatsword into the ground to stop her forward movement, barely avoiding a spear of ice that stabbed into the road where she would have stood only a moment earlier if she had kept going. She looked at Hamir with hateful eyes, then conjured fifteen golden knives that materialized behind her back and flew at him as if they were being controlled by telekinesis.

Hamir's heart turned cold. He quickly waved his arms to conjure a wall of ice, then flung it forward at the knives to break them. He partially succeeded. Some of the knives collided with the heavy ice and exploded into light, breaking on impact. But a few did not, and dodged to the side, flying in a circular arc as if they were birds of prey.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck!" Hamir cursed. "Lucifer's tits, this Lazarite is way stronger than the rumors said! DURIEL! SNAP OUT OF IT!"

Hamir panicked. He shot out two cones of icy wind to try and slow the knives before they could strike him, but he missed one. That knife pirouetted in midair, drawing his maddened, horrified gaze. It plunged into his heart and exploded like a grenade, sending fifteen pieces of shrapnel throughout his vital organs.

Like Zamiel, Hamir died instantly. The light dimmed in his eyes, and he plummeted from the tree to the soil below, landing with a wet and sloppy _thud_.

Only Duriel was left. He was so shaken with fear that he had no conception of what had even happened. As a battle-hardened warrior, he had fought many fearsome foes, but he simply wasn't ready to see his older brother perish within mere seconds. Zamiel's death rattled his simple mind and left him vulnerable to attack.

Cassiel finally closed the gap. She lifted her greatsword up, then mentally increased its sharpness to the limit, and raised its weight to more than three tons. She swung it down at Duriel from above, using gravity more than her own strength to empower her strike.

At the last moment, Duriel reflexively swung his greathammer upward in a panic, but her sword was sharp beyond comprehension. She sliced the hammer's handle in half with contemptuous ease, and her weapon cut through Duriel's body in a straight line, bisecting him with one motion.

Duriel looked up at the sky, his gaze frozen in death. His vision turned dark, and his bloody organs spilled out to splatter across the Monastery's grounds. He fell to the ground after a few moments, uncomprehending in regards to how he had fallen so easily.

In less than a minute, Heaven's Daughter had killed three lauded Barons. Powerful figures of Hell. Devils who had committed atrocities beyond compare.

Nobody was more shocked by this turn of events than Jason Hiro, who secretly watched the happenings on Earth inside the safety of Aevum. His heart beat wildly as the events of that single minute played out over the course of several hours, at a 365x time dilation, inside his realm.

_This confirms it._ Jason thought. _If there was any doubt before, I've definitely diverged from the events of my original timeline!_

Jason knew of Hamir. He was the Duke of Hailstorms in the future where Jason had come from. If he had died, there might still be some plausible deniability that perhaps the Hamir who Jason knew in the future was actually a resurrected undead demon under Mephisto's control or something. But now that Cassiel had killed Zamiel and Duriel, there was no doubt in Jason's mind. This timeline had greatly diverged from the future he knew.

The demons had launched an assault on Heaven far later in the timeline Jason was originally born. According to the spotty records he'd read, Jason estimated it should have taken them 25-50 years before they committed such a huge attack force to the battle. But his return to the past had changed things drastically.

The demon leaders were spooked. The arrival of two Trueborn Heroes (that they knew of) was a shocking revelation that forced them to accelerate their plans.

The Second War in Heaven was now happening much sooner than Jason predicted. His lack of a predictive MindCore had hurt him... even if only a little.

While he was certainly a little alarmed, his heart quickly calmed down. If it was inconvenient for him and his original plans, it also must be for Satan and the rest, too. They were not as prepared for this attack as they wanted to be.

And now? They had to face off against the Wordsmith... but they had _no_ idea what his true abilities were.

Jason looked at the image of Cassiel, standing valiantly, covered in the viscera of Duriel, one of the demons Jason personally hated the most.

"Interesting." Jason commented to himself quietly. "I'll need to pay more attention to her. I didn't know Heaven's Daughter was so... _impressive_."

...

After slaughtering four demon elites, Cassiel barely took a moment to reflect on what she had done. She leaped into the skies and dissipated her light energy, returning to her standard sword and shield setup. Now that she had killed all the demons who witnessed one of her secret war strategies, it would be best to continue utilizing sneak attacks to slaughter the rest.

She looked down and two the left. Three Lazarites were deftly taking on a pair of Demon Lords. Two of the Lazarites wielded a sword and shield setup, like her, while the third wielded a one-handed mace. They managed to kill one of the Demon Lords, while the second killed two of the Lazarites before the final Lazarite struck him dead. Of the five combatants, only one survived.

Upon a nearby sandy hill, five Lazarites nocked their bows and sniped demons from afar, taking special care to intervene and save any fellow Lazarites who had fallen into dire straits.

These were the most common Lazarite soldiers. Even the elites only wielded standard medieval weaponry and armor. Cassiel felt a twinge of anger, knowing they could do so much more. But at the same time, she remembered Raphael's plea.

_Faith Energy is finite, my dear. It is well and good if thou doth wield thy powers to the fullest extent, but too many Lazarites unleashing such formidable powers would rapidly drain our reserves. All of angelkind would perish as a result. 'Tis best thou keepeth this matter to thyself, and we make it seem as if thou art a most unique individual among the Lazarites._

She understood Raphael's logic. All angels, including the Lazarites, required faith energy to survive. Without it, they would wither and die. There was only so much to go around, and while humanity might have more and more people capable of praying and giving their power to the Angels, there were also a vastly expanding number of Lazarites that needed that same energy to survive.

Furthermore, church attendance numbers were way down. Religion as a whole had been losing steam for decades, and now the energy traveling to Heaven was lessening by the day. It was one thing if Cassiel was a trump card for the angels, but if too many other Lazarites wielded their imaginations to the fullest extent, it would result in an inevitable loss for the angels someday.

At least, that was what Raphael had told her. Cassiel was no expert on worldwide religious politicking.

She pivoted to a new target. She spotted a pair of Demon Barons hiding out at the western edge of the battlefield, not directly engaging in the ritualistic killing of the remaining humans, and seemingly disinterested in joining their allies. But at the same time, they were demons. _All_ demons had to die.

Cassiel flapped her wings. She dove from the sky and rushed at the male and female Baron. The female was the first to notice the incoming attack.

"Gressil! Watch out!!" She shrieked.

The male snapped his eyes up. He turned pale with fear, then he waved his hands and vanished.

Cassiel's eyes widened. _Invisibility?! No! It's an illusion, like Raphael!_

Unable to instantly locate the male, she pivoted to eliminating the female. Cassiel reared her arm back as she dove and took aim at the female Baron's neck.

Suddenly, the female vanished as well. A terrible sense of danger overtook Cassiel's mind. She flapped her left wing to push hard to the right, just as a beam of concentrated demonic energy fired into the sky, narrowly missing her.

If that attack had landed, Cassiel realized she would have been seriously injured, if not outright vaporized on the spot. The attack was ungodly powerful.

It came from a Demon Emperor!

"The only one allowed to bully my son is me, you stupid pigeon!" A female voice roared. At that moment, Lucifer, the Emperor of Providence, leaped into the air and swiped her razor-sharp nails at Cassiel's wing. She barely managed to land a glancing slash, but it threw Heaven's Daughter off enough that she ended up crashing into the ground and rolling her body to divert her momentum. Just as quickly as she crash-landed, she sprang back to her feet and held up her shield, enlarging it to a size big enough to protect her entire body.

And not a moment too soon. Lucifer's third eye shot a concussive beam at the Lazarite, striking her shield with enough force to send her flying backward!

"Aaah!" Cassiel cried, as her back slammed against a tree. Her expression turned grim when she realized she had inadvertently engaged in battle with not only a Demon Emperor, but one of the strongest and most frightening ones of all.

Her thoughts moved quickly. She realized the male and female Barons she saw from before must be related to Lucifer. One of them was named Gressil. Cassiel had no idea who he was, but the female looked a little familiar. She must have been Abby, the Baron of Happy Thoughts. A misnomer if there ever was any, because how could any demon produce a single happy thought in another entity? They were all villains who deserved death!

With her attention focused on Lucifer, Cassiel nearly jumped out of her skin when a massive Hellhound suddenly leaped at her right side from behind a house. She reflexively swung her sword at the massive beast, but the weapon passed through its body harmlessly, and it phased out of existence like a dream.

_An illusion!_ Cassiel shouted in her mind. _It's that male demon! He-_

But it was too late. She'd already been distracted by the wolf and left herself open to attack. Lucifer took the opportunity to fire another compressed beam of kinetic power from her third eye, which slammed into Cassiel's arm and sent pain coursing through her body. Cassiel crashed against the wall, her armor only absorbing some of the impact. Her head was slammed against the heavy concrete structure hard enough to jar her senses. For an instant, she blacked out and lost consciousness.

Lucifer sensed that her prey had fallen. She grinned in excitement and leaped at Heaven's Daughter to finish her off, but a moment later...

_Foop!_

Cassiel vanished, and a familiar human wearing a nekomimi mask appeared, his rifle aimed at Lucifer's head. His body blurred for an instant.

"Shit!" Lucifer screamed, her pupils shrinking to pinpricks.

_Blam!_

A bullet fired from Cat Mask's sniper rifle. It struck the edge of Lucifer's third eye and snapped her head back with such violent force that her forward momentum reversed, and she screamed in pain as she slammed onto her spine.

Cat Mask lifted his hand. A glowing green stone shone with eerie light on one of his ring fingers, and a massive blast of wind fired outward, sending pieces of dirt, rock, and other fallen debris spraying outward in a cone. Gressil and Abby cried out in alarm when all this seemingly random debris struck their real bodies and broke the illusions keeping them hidden.

Cat Mask lifted his rifle. He took aim at Gressil, but then Hideki's body blurred and he quickly looked diagonally up and to the left. A pair of Demon Emperors, Belial and Diablo, were on the way, and would arrive momentarily.

"You got lucky again." Cat Mask growled at Gressil, before teleporting away.

Diablo leaped into the clearing not even a second after Cat Mask disappeared, his expression dim.

"Lucy! Are you okay?" Diablo asked, kneeling beside his ex-mate.

Lucifer held her third eye, waves of pain still radiating through her body and brain. Tears reflexively poured from her eyes. If Cat Mask's bullet had landed a centimeter to the left, he'd have likely put her eye out, and maybe even killed her on the spot. Unfortunately, even through multiple rewinds, he found it simply impossible to land such a perfect shot, considering her demonic reflexes, so he settled for this next-best option.

"Bastard! Spawn of a broodmother!" Lucifer roared with hatred and humiliation mixed together. "Twice! That Cat Mask has nearly killed me twice! His accuracy is uncanny!"

Despite not liking Lucifer in the slightest, Belial still walked over and healed her injury. For once, Lucifer didn't turn down her help. The pain was simply too unbearable. She desperately wanted it to go away.

"What's the status on the Monastery?" Diablo asked, turning his body from left to right to look for anyone who could give him an answer.

"Four Barons dead." Gressil said, lowering his eyes. "The Battle Brothers are gone."

"Duriel and Zamiel both?" Diablo asked with visible alarm. "Cat Mask killed them?"

"No!" Abby interjected. "It was that famous Lazarite. Heaven's Daughter. Emperor Lucifer nearly killed her, but Cat Mask intervened at the last moment."

"So that's what happened." Diablo grunted. "It seems we're close to securing the monastery. Hurry up and eradicate all the humans and Lazarites in the immediate vicinity. After we erect a barrier, we're moving on to Heaven itself. I want this place fortified within the hour, before Satan arrives. We need a forward base for Mephisto to erect his Death Gates."

Abby nodded, but she seemed visibly shaken by the multiple near-death experiences in a row. She was not much of a fighter, and preferred to avoid direct combat.

"Where is Ose?" Abby asked, looking around. "Isn't she supposed to be joining us?"

Lucifer massaged her eye. The pain was gone, but there was a phantom itchiness driving her batty now.

"No. My precious Ose told me she has a secret mission she's dealing with. We will not need to rely on her anyway... or do you think demonkind's leaders are so weak that her absence will spell our doom?"

"No, it's not that, I just..." Abby said hesitantly. "I was only hoping to see her! Oh well."

Gressil looked at Abby from behind. He said nothing. He looked away and rubbed his arm self-consciously.

"Don't you lot worry about Ose." Lucifer said with a mischievous smile. "I've noticed that since her ascension to Emperor, she's become frighteningly quick-witted. She'll go to any lengths to empower our future. Have faith. I expect big things from her in the coming days... or perhaps even _hours_."

Diablo smirked. "I would never dare to underestimate little Ose. She's one scary lady."