"I'll see you in a bit, sweetheart."

I wave goodbye to Jason and Daisy. She starts pouting once she realizes I won't be going with her and Jason to her birthday party, but that can't be helped. I'll show up in a bit.

Jason manages to distract Daisy, and she follows him babbling all the while. Knowing Jason, he probably reminded her that a birthday party means candy and cake.

"Phoebe! Are you going to sit up there all day?" Samantha's voice catches my attention. I glance out of my driver-side window at the ground fifteen feet below. "Let's get a move on!"

"Give me a second, Sammy!" I quickly unbuckle the complicated five-lock seatbelt system and grab my gadget bag. After throwing the door open, I hop out, and she catches me before I hit the ground. At this point, it's such a rehearsed maneuver that I don't think about it.

"Great job! First place again." She blushes and flicks her tail around cutely. "You're not fixing these races, are you?"

"Pssh. Never. I can't help my natural talent." I slam the door shut and smack the side of the truck. "Ogie! She's all yours!"

The 'evil' salamander chuckles. "Heh, you hand mah ass ta' me 'n think I'ma fix your car for ya?"

"Mhm!"

"Damn straight." The salamander wipes his red scales down with a towel. They glisten under the light of the midday sun. "You git on over to that little ducky's birthday party. Don'tcha keep her waitin', y'hear?"

"I won't. See you later!"

The soft, moist dirt smushes gently under my shoes as I head toward the opposite end of the stadium. Samantha loops her arm through mine and pulls closer. She's a very hands-on person, and I've had to get used to it over time, but I've also grown to find it endearing.

"Sooo, Phoebe, I haven't seen you in a few days. How are things?"

"Oh, about the same as always. I started teaching Daisy a few basic fencing techniques. She picks them up very quickly."

"Fencing? Isn't that a little dangerous for a five-year-old?"

"We used sticks."

"Ah." Samantha leans her head against me and nuzzles my shoulder. "I wish I could bear a child. It must be wonderful."

"Raising Daisy is a lot of fun, but she can be a handful sometimes."

I keep my reply neutral. Samantha often laments her inability to have children. After all, demons are born via broodmothers. They're similar to ant-queens, in that a broodmother's sole purpose is to birth demons forever. It sounds... _unpleasant_. No matter how much Samantha wants a child, I doubt she'd go that far.

"You should let me babysit her sometime. I mean, you don't have to..."

I glance down at the thin strips of clothing covering the succubus's body. "You won't teach Daisy anything _strange_, right?"

"What? No! Of course not!" Samantha covers her mouth in mock surprise. "Why, Phoebe, I can't believe you'd suggest such a thing!"

"Oh, piffle." I wave at a serviceman heading to my truck, taking note of the crowds idling around the amphitheater and chatting idly with each other. "Sure, you can watch Daisy. Heck, why not show her the hospital? She likes talking to sick people."

"The hospital..." Samantha trails off.

A moment passes. We step into the arena exit, and she slows to a stop. "Say, Phoebe, have you been to the hospital lately?"

"No. Why?"

"Well, the thing is, Hope hasn't shown up for his shifts in a few months. When I asked around, the only reply I received was that he was 'busy.' Isn't that strange?"

I scratch my chin. "Do you need help? I can try and speak with Hope. He doesn't avoid me nearly as much as he does Jason."

"Well, you don't need to bother him. It's not like I can't handle a few dozen patients. It barely takes any of my time, given how much mana I possess. Besides, he's busy, so he probably has a good reason."

I roll my eyes. "Yeah, _maybe_. Hope is Jason's clone at heart. I have to prod Jason to work his shifts too. They're both lazy bums. It isn't fair for you to take care of all the healing work by yourself."

The hospital was an idea created by Jason. While they existed on Earth in his era, ours works differently. People on Earth would wait days, weeks, months, and even years to fully heal. However, thanks to the power of Wordsmithing and Samantha's healing magic, the injured need only a day or so to recover from their wounds.

It's an efficient system, but it works best when all three magical doctors pull their weight.

Samantha squeezes my arm lightly. "Forget it. The least I can do is manage the hospital by myself. Jason's busy working on the colony, Hope's improving the Core... everyone has a role. This is mine."

I lean over and kiss her head. "Alright, if you say so. Anyway, let's get a move on! I need to file a bunch of papers so that I can hurry to Daisy's party."

"You got Daisy a present, right?"

"Of course." I smile, and a feeling of excitement washes over me. "I can't _wait_ to see her face."

................................................

My midnight-colored truck rumbles down the road. Its engine, as always, reminds me of a purring lion, one that's only moments away from waking up and tearing apart those who draw too close.

Samantha leans against the passenger door and combs her long, black hair. Her lowered window sends gusts of warm and cool air inside, shifting every time we enter and exit the shadow of buildings and trees. Hero City is unrecognizable compared to how it used to look six years ago. Jason explained to me the concept of 'skyscrapers' and how these ten and fifteen-story buildings were hardly even as big as the ones where Jason grew up. To me, though, they seem enormous. They're taller than the towering spires at the four corners of Arthur's castle.

My mind drifts as I turn right and head down a street.

I still think about Arthur sometimes. My king. I had one opportunity to speak to him during the battle against Amelia and Satan, but I missed it. The Arthur I remember was so powerful that even the Demon Emperors feared him. How did Amelia enslave him, I wonder? 

Questions with no answers are poison for the soul. I shouldn't dwell on them.

Samantha raps her fingers on the long, skinny box between us. It's covered in sparkles and glitter, with a neat little bow on top. "Daisy's present, hm? What'd you get her?"

I smile. "You'll see."

"Oh, come on. You can tell me."

"I sure can."

"Phoeeebeee!" Samantha whines noisily. "Don't be like that! I thought we were friends!"

"Haha! We are! And friends don't spoil surprises!"

Samantha puffs out her lip, then grabs the box and shakes it. "It's kinda heavy. No rattling. What kind of toy is this?"

"It's not a toy."

"Really? But she's a little kid."

A distant memory echoes in my mind. "Neither was I when my father gave it to me. You could say it's... it's a family heirloom."

Crossing her arms, Samantha pushes back against her seat. "Alright. Now I'm _super_ curious."

We drive in silence for five minutes, and soon a large square building looms in the distance. It has no special designs on the outside, no sign announcing its function, or any other decorations, giving it an ominous look. Samantha raises an eyebrow. "Is that new? I've never seen it before."

"Jason created it with Wordsmithing a week ago. It's about ten thousand square feet, three stories tall... but the inside's where the fun begins."

As we travel closer and closer, the building continues to expand and take up more of the horizon before us. Samantha whistles. "Pseww... goodness. Jason's going all out."

"You're only six years old once. This is a birthday Daisy will never forget."

...

We pull to a stop in the mostly empty parking lot, though my space is right next to several dozen vehicles all bunched up in one area. A single wooden door at the front of the pistachio-colored building gives no indication of what's inside. One could be forgiven for thinking this place was little more than another of the five warehouses on the outskirts of Hero City.

The moment we push open the door, the blank exterior gives way to a vibrantly colored interior. The massive, hollowed-out building with dozens of skylights is filled to the brim with various machines my husband tells me are similar to the 'amusement parks' from his era.

Hundreds of children scream and shout excitedly as they ride around on a 'roller coaster.' A machine like a train zips around at high speeds, racing up slopes and in a loop as it circles the perimeter of the building, passes into the middle, and zig-zags back to the building's edge again.

I can't make out Daisy's voice from the other children, but I immediately spot a few hundred adults, including Jason, watching the children frolic and play.

I squeeze Daisy's present tightly. Anxiety hits me. "Wow... The place even more impressive than when I saw it two days ago."

Samantha's eyes are wide as saucers. "Incredible. I've always wanted to go to one of these human attractions. I lost my chance when..."

She trails off. Immediately, a guilty expression crosses her face. "Never mind."

I know what she was going to say. _The Volgrim destroyed Earth._ I can only imagine what life was like during the Ancient Era, back before the Volgrim attacked. Everything Jason tells me makes it sound like it was a marvelous time to be alive. What's even more incredible is that the world Jason has created here on Tarus II is somehow _better_ than Earth, as far as our quality of life.

Still, my home is gone. Forever. It stings, knowing I'll never see Earth again.

Samantha and I walk underneath the ten-feet-tall roller coaster tracks right as a ride full of children races past. Their shrieks of excitement lighten my mood.

"Phoebe! You made it!" Jason jogs over to us, and I give him a quick kiss. "I was just telling the guys you'd never miss Daisy's birthday party."

I hold out my box. "I brought my... my present for Daisy. Where is she?"

Jason's smile melts away. "Umm... good question. She's around here somewhere. Maybe the carousel? The Spinning Wheel Of Terror? The Lavalanche? The-"

I punch him lightly in the arm. "What do you mean the _Spinning Wheel of Terror?!_ That sounds dangerous!"

Jason chuckles. "Nah, it's no big deal. It spins around really fast and plasters the kids against the wall. Used to be my favorite ride when I went to a carnival. **Locate.**"

Jason finishes with a Word of Power, then tilts his head. "The archery range. Huh. I thought she'd be on one of the rides for sure."

"You gave her a bow and arrow?"

"They're plastic. Perfectly safe. The worst Daisy can do is put someone's eye out, and I'm here, so, no worries."

"I'll go check on her."

Jason holds his hand out to stop me. "Whoa whoa, hun, first you need to tell me what's in the box."

I stick my tongue out. "Bleh. Use your Wordsmithing if you're curious. Or follow along and find out."

He glances at Samantha. "Yeah, okay. Hey Sam. Long time, no chat."

"We spoke last week."

Jason shrugs. "Yeah, but that's a long time in my book."

"Well, maybe when you're a hundred thousand years old, that'll change."

"Probably, haha."

The three of us break away from the crowd of adults and head toward the archery range. I hear Daisy laughing before I see her. When she comes into view, I immediately facepalm. Her face and hands are covered in black ink. She laughs along with a few of her friends from school as they aim arrows with soft black tips at the targets. Interestingly, all her friends are boys. Daisy might be daddy's little princess, but she's also a tomboy.

The six children fire their arrows at the same time. The kobold child misses the mark entirely, while two of the Felaris children manage to hit the edges of the targets. Their claws probably make holding the bowstrings difficult.

Daisy, on the other hand, hits close to the center. Her arrow slams against the board, and the ink on its soft tip leaves a black dot close to the bullseye position.

"Nice job, Daisy!" Samantha claps her hands and catches my daughter's attention. "You're a great shot!"

"Aunt S'matha!" Daisy's tone carries a little surprise, but immediately her eyes lock onto the package in my arms. She drops her bow without a second thought and bounces over to me. "Mommy, what's that?"

"I brought you a present," I say, kneeling to hold it out. Daisy's filthy face makes me want to laugh, but I try to maintain a solemn expression, even as she wipes her inky hands across her cheeks, smearing even more blackness around. "It's a precious item, but I don't know if you're mature enough to treat it well."

Daisy's eyes widen. "I am! I'm machur! What's machur?"

I set the box down. "Ah, never mind that. Open the box."

Daisy nods. She sits down, and several of the boys walk over to see what's going on. As always, Daisy is very careful when she opens the present. She peels off every piece of tape and unfolds it carefully, rather than simply tearing the paper off. On her fourth birthday, she even went so far as to save the wrapping paper because she thought she might have a use for it someday. Now that I think about it, my daughter is a strange child.

By the time she's taken the paper off, some of the boys seem antsy, but a stern look from me prevents them from pushing her aside to open it themselves.

The box is perhaps two-feet long and seven or eight inches wide. Daisy lifts the top off, and Jason groans audibly. "Aw, Phoebe... she's only six."

Daisy pulls out a dull steel sword from the package. She holds it up and stares at it. "Mommy... this is a big knife..."

"It's a sword, sweetheart — my first sword. Your grandfather gave it to me when I was your age. Women weren't allowed to have weapons back then, so I had to keep it secret. It belonged to his father, and his father's father as well. It's the last thing I own from our family. And it's yours now!"

The kobold boy stares at it in awe. "Wow... dude! That's so metal!"

I shoot a glance at Jason. _Your favorite words are leaking again._

Jason looks away. _Oops._

Daisy acts unusually gentle with the sword. She ignores the chips and dents on its edge, but her eyes fixate on a small carving of a bird etched into the blade, just above the handle. "What's this, mommy?"

"That's a dove. When I was a girl, doves were a sign of peace. Putting a dove on a sword meant the weapon was only allowed to protect the user, not to hurt others. Do you understand?"

She shakes her head. "No..."

"Well, maybe when you're older. Do you remember our practice lessons? There's a sheath and belt in the box. Try them on."

I spend the next minute or so wrestling the belt through Daisy's blue-jean belt-loops. The sword stops an inch or two short of dragging the ground, but it still makes her movement awkward. 

Daisy wipes her eye and sniffles. "This is the best... the best present ever... mommy..."

"Aww, sweetheart..." I quickly lean forward and wrap my arms around her. Tears form in my eyes, too, as flashes of my father's face dance in my vision.

Samantha stomps her foot. "Eee! Now I _really_ want a little girl! You two are so precious!"

..................................................

Not long after, Daisy and one of the boys swing sticks at each other, playing a mock sword-fight while several other kids stand around in a circle and root for one or the other.

Jason wraps his arm around me. "A sword, huh."

"Yep."

"What were you saying about some of these rides being... _dangerous_?"

"Jason... it's not like-"

I know, I'm only teasing."

We share a moment together, leaning in to kiss each other passionately. My memories float back to when we first met all those years ago.

I love him now as much as I did then. More, even. I'm closer to Jason than I've ever been with anyone else. Perhaps even myself.

We have a child. A wonderful, beautiful little girl. The pride and joy in our lives. She's not only a symbol of our love but proof that humanity can rebuild. We've suffered under the demons and lost innumerable friends and possessions, but as long as we're together, nothing can stand between us.

Samantha walks over to Daisy and starts giving her opponent tips about how to hold his sword and something about a proper stance. He needs Sam's help given how easily Daisy has been besting him.

Jason squeezes my shoulder. "You know, I chatted with Daisy on the way over. She said the darnedest thing to me."

"Yeah? What's that?"

"She told me her birthday wish. She wants a little brother. Think we can do it?"

"We've been trying. Nothing works."

Jason coughs into his fist. "Well, sure, but we haven't tried... you know... Wordsmithing."

"No... that's not right, Jason. You shouldn't use your magic to create life. Let the Creator give us a child."

Jason rolls his eyes. "Phoebe, that's not-"

"Not how biology works, right, right. Biology-_shmiology_. You always say that. I believe life is a sacred thing. Taking it should never be done in haste, nor should creating it. Besides, if you use your Wordsmithing to make me pregnant, anything could happen."

Jason taps the crown. "I have Solomon. I'm sure it'd be a cinch."

"No."

"But-"

"No."

Jason pulls his arm off my shoulder and swaggers a step away. "Haahhh, fine. Have it your way. I guess Daisy's going to be an only child forever."

I cross my arms and turn up my nose. "If that's what the Creator wishes, then so be it. Hmph."

"Wipe that look off your face. It's too cute."

I can't stay mad at Jason. It's physically impossible.

"We're going to have to try even harder to give her a brother."

Jason raises an eyebrow. "Yeah? And what if after all that exhausting, _boring_ 'work' she gets a sister instead?"

"We'll keep trying."

"Damn. All that exertion, and I don't know if my heart's strong enough." Jason innocently stares up at the skylight and whistles. "Solomon. You keep out of this."

I nudge Jason's arm with my fist. "Stop chatting with your invisible friend, weirdo. And while you're at it, clean the ink off our daughter! She looks hideous!"

Jason smirks. "Yes, ma'am."