Part 408: An Uncertain Future
Part 408: An Uncertain Future

The world shifts around Jason. Fully cognizant of the changes, Jason slightly frowns as a blackened void of distant stars swallows him up, erasing the world of Tarus II. He watches with rapt attention as flickers of images race toward him, their contents becoming more lifelike and vivid for instants at a time before fading away.

The first image to catch Jason's attention is a simple field of flowers. They sway in the midday sun, shining and beautiful, only to rot and die for seemingly no reason at all.

Then, the image ends.

"Ominous..." Jason mutters.

He waits for a response from Fiona, only to realize he's lost contact with her.

"Fiona?"

A moment later, another image rushes toward Jason. This time, it depicts an army of humans charging toward an army of demons. The humans stand equipped with weapons far more powerful than those they currently do, but at the same time, the demons wear strange demonstone armors that afford them greater protection than ever. Before Jason can get a good look at either side's equipment, the image fades away.

"Hm?" The Wordsmith mutters. "When does that happen?"

His intent set the future goal to be within three years. But even then, Jason isn't certain whether or not his vision actually conforms to that general date. These visions could be fake, or real, or set a month from now, a year from now, or even a decade in the future. He can't be sure.

Suddenly, Jason finds himself looking at an image of an unknown water-world, its orb-like surface shimmering in the Void.

A female Psion's voice speaks, though as to her identity, he can't quite ascertain it.

[It's lost. Total Rendition.]

A moment later, the planet cracks apart, then explodes with a violent force unlike any the Wordsmith has ever seen!

Jason flinches slightly as a cosmically bright light ignites within the world's center, rendering it devoid of all life and matter. A moment later, it ejects its core mass in all directions, spraying the void around it with enough debris to rain hellfire upon the rest of the worlds in its system.

The Psion speaks once more.

[We've lost this war.]

Then, the image fades.

Jason's frown deepens. "Was that... Dosena, perhaps?"

He doesn't receive an answer. Before he can make any further guesses, the image shifts to show a female human running with a child in her arms. The woman screams soundlessly, her cries failing to reach Jason's ears. Before the Wordsmith can fully grasp the situation, a creature bursts out of the ground from behind her and pounces on her back! Jason flinches instinctively when he recognizes the distinct appearance of a humanoid Kolvaxian!

The monster bites onto the woman's shoulder, then drags her and her child into the depths of the planet.

Jason grimaces, but remains otherwise unmoved. "Well. There's the doom and gloom I expected."

Before the image fades, Jason gets one last look at the world, where he spots even more humans fleeing for their lives in the distance. Just as it starts to fade, a thousand Kolvaxians erupt from the ground and pounce upon them...

After the image disappears, Jason calculates whether or not that particular world was Tarus II, but concludes it could not have been, due to the noticeably greener sky.

"What does that mean?" Jason wonders. "The Kolvaxians will eventually reach humanity, but we'll be living on multiple worlds? Is this future a certainty? Or is it one I can prevent...?"

Nobody answers him.

Instead, the images shift once more. This time, Jason finds himself surprised to see Unarin slumped in a chair, his head in his hands.

The First Founder breathes heavily, a look of visible consternation on his face.

"...knew we couldn't trust him." Unarin says, his voice fading into reality as if speaking mid-sentence. "It's fine. The Wordsmith was our best shot. But he wasn't the only one."

Unarin lifts his head from his hands.

"Kill them all."

Jason's heart skips a beat. "What? Kill who? The humans? Who are you talking to?"

He doesn't receive an answer. The vision fades away, leaving him more confused than anything.

"These visions are so vague." Jason grumbles. "They could be literally anything. I can't put too much stock into them..."

Hardly have the words left Jason's mouth before the vision shifts to reveal... himself!

Jason finds himself floating out in the Void. His other self hangs in space, a look of despair on his face.

"I trusted you... I did everything right... so why... WHY DID IT TURN OUT LIKE THIS?!"

Seeing himself shrieking with a mixture of rage and pain only further confuses the Wordsmith. He half-hopes the vision of himself will continue to play out so that he can receive more clarity on just what exactly would bring himself to such a state, but naturally, that doesn't happen.

Instead, his other self fades away.

What appears next surprises him.

The vision changes to show a scenic vista of Tarus II. Phoebe sits on the edge of the Fortress of Retribution's cliffs, looking out at a sprawling and highly-advanced cityscape in the plains below her. In her arms, she gently cradles a baby while rocking it back and forth.

"There, there." Phoebe whispers to her child. "We have to keep our spirits up, little one. Daddy will come back someday. I know he will."

Jason gazes at his wife, noting her oddly tragic appearance, but also her motherly beauty.

"We may have lost a lot of people..." Phoebe whispers. "...but daddy will come back. He will. He always does..."

Two tears slide down Phoebe's face. She gazes into the distance with a wistful look in her eyes, and the vision fades away.

The last word she says is merely "...Timothy."

After she disappears, Jason gazes into the void with a stone-cold expression on his face.

The visions stop, and Jason remains alone, standing there, left to ruminate on what he's seen.

After a full minute of waiting, no further visions appear.

"...Huh." Jason mutters with a frown. "So that's what it's like to peer into the future. A bunch of confusing bullshit. It could mean anything. Totally unsatisfying, and it gave me more questions than answers. Zero out of ten."

Hardly have the words left Jason's mouth before a voice suddenly speaks from behind him.

"...Not satisfied with what you saw? That's to be expected. The future is rarely so clear-cut. That's what makes it so much... fun."

Jason's blood turns to ice. He spins on his heel and whirls around, finding himself standing just ten feet apart from one of the few entities in the galaxy capable of causing him fear.

"What?!" Jason exclaims, visibly more alarmed than any of the visions ever made him feel. "You... how are you here? What are you DOING here?!"

"Don't be afraid." The creature says, reaching up to scratch an itch on one of its two heads. "I'm just here to have some fun with you, Wordsmith. Oh, it's been such a long time since I got to enjoy myself with a time manipulator. Not since that Cat Mask fellow played with forces he shouldn't have."

The creature pauses.

"I miss him, you know. He had no choice but to admit defeat to me. It was really quite tragic, in hindsight..."

Jason takes three steps backward.

"Gressil..."

The Emperor of Chaos stands behind Jason, his body just as seemingly corporeal as the Wordsmith's. His arms lazily hang at his sides, and he makes no attempt to close the distance between himself and his heroic 'enemy'. Instead, he just watches with mild amusement while Jason awkwardly jumps away from him, his alertness raised to the maximum.

"Oh, come on. If I wanted you dead, you'd have died a long time ago, Jason Hiro." Gressil says. "But that wouldn't be any fun, now, would it? I can't have the galaxy return to a _boring_ status quo."

Jason breathes shakily. He eyes Gressil with more than a hint of trepidation.

"How are you IN my vision? What the fuck is going on?"

"So many questions." Gressil chuckles. "Can't two old friends just have a chat in the spur of the moment? I let you out of that cryopod and yet you never even thanked me. Sometimes, you're such a rude little fellow."

"Answer my question." Jason says, finally getting back some of his nerve after Gressil's initial jump-scare. He stands up straight and eyes his adversary with extreme caution. "How are you here?"

"Isn't it obvious?" Gressil asks, with an exaggerated shrug of his shoulders. "You foolishly went into a daze and left your body open to attack. I was standing right behind you, and now I've completely captured you and invaded your Mind Realm. You're helpless in my grasp, just like your clone-self was."

Jason's heart pounds in his chest. His skin turns pale-white.

"No... no, that can't be... you fucking BASTARD!"

"I'm joking." Gressil says, without the faintest hint of a smile. "Devils. Look at you, getting all worked up. Really, think about it, Wordsmith. I can hide myself wherever I please. I can slip between the gaps of reality. Do you know the damage I could cause if I wanted to kill people? It would be _so_ easy. You're not even remotely prepared for the likes of me..."

He pauses.

"...nor the Volgrim. You're lucky their mightiest Psions are preoccupied with that galaxy-consuming Plague thing. You're also lucky that killing you grants me no advantages. It wouldn't be in my best interest to strike you down. No fun at all, if I don't say so myself."

Jason breathes heavily. His palms run slick with sweat.

"The fuck... you didn't capture me, then? So how are you HERE?"

"Must I explain everything?" Gressil groans. "You looked into the future, Wordsmith. So did I. We're both speaking to one another on the Temporal Plane. It's no great mystery. Never know who you might run into at times like these. Maybe even the old grandma herself..."

Jason flinches. "The Temporal Plane? You... you can look into the future too?"

"_Too?_" Gressil guffaws. "Hah! That is a funny joke, Jason. I've been looking into the future for a long time, now. It's tremendous fun, if I don't say so myself."

The prison-warden folds two of his claws behind his back. He gazes off into the distance, a look of contentment on his face.

"You've really made me out to be some monster in your head, haven't you? But I'm not a monster. I'm merely... dissatisfied. I don't like watching things run smoothly. I did once, long ago, but then _the woman_ ruined it for me. 'Gressil, you're not good enough.' She'd say. 'Gressil, be more like your sister. You're worthless. You're stupid. You're a failure of a demon.'"

Gressil shakes his head.

"One day, a certain opportunity fell into my lap. Mother-dearest never saw it coming. Haha. I ripped her apart with my claws. Then, _my teeth_. She died screaming pitifully and begging for mercy, never understanding how I managed to overpower her."

Jason listens silently as Gressil yammers on, trying to understand the prison-warden's overall point, if he even has one.

Gressil sighs nostalgically. "For a while, it was truly pleasant. No more voice berating me. Mother couldn't lecture me anymore. I was finally able to experience the joy of blissful silence. But eventually, everything changed."

His expression turns ugly.

"She came back. But this time, she was _stuck_ to me. Tormenting me in perpetuity. That was when I realized... reality isn't fair. It doesn't treat good people nicely, or bad people viciously. There is no such thing as 'karma.'"

He pauses.

"...And if there's no incentive to act nicely, why even bother? What's the point of following systems that bring Order to Chaos? I'd much rather _poke_ things. And so... that is what I do."

Jason snorts. "So, what? You're the good guy in all of this? You're not killing people, you're only tormenting them until their minds break? You're fucked in the head, Gressil."

"Yes." Gressil says with a slight smile. "That is a good way of putting it. I am 'fucked in the head.' You humans always have such a way with words."

Standing up straighter, Gressil spreads out his arms, gesturing to the infinite void surrounding himself and the Wordsmith.

"This is the first time you've looked into the future. But it isn't mine. No, I have done this countless times, Jason Hiro. I know there's a question burning in your chest, so let me answer it for you. What you see _can_ be changed. But not in large ways. The grand events always stay the same. It's the _details_ you can nudge. It's the little things. If you nudge enough of them, you can make a few big changes. But that takes a lot of time and a lot of preparation. It's a skill you have to get good at. Too bad, I have much more experience than you. I _dominate_ the Temporal Plane."

Gressil chuckles evilly.

"...I've already defeated other Temporals. They come from different eras, you see. Some of them 'poked' the timeline in the past. I adjusted their changes to better fit my needs. There was even this old Volgrim fellow... he _really_ thought he could defeat me. The long-dead old fool."

"Why are you telling me this?" Jason asks.

"Why? Why not." Gressil answers. "It doesn't make a difference. Even if you know I'm here... will you be able to resist taking another peek? I'm not going to kill you, Jason. No... I need you. It's been ages since I enjoyed sparring with someone capable of peering into the Temporal Plane. I've grown bored. Dealing with people on the linear plane... it isn't any fun. None of them are even remotely my match. I've been waiting for you to appear here for what feels like an eternity."

Gressil begins to pace in a long, slow, drawn-out circle around the Wordsmith. He no longer looks at Jason, but far off into the distance, as if expecting someone to come rushing over and interrupt their conversation.

"The future is set in stone." Gressil says. "Once you view it, you cannot change it. Everything you see will become a reality. But that isn't strictly true, either. You can 'poke' things to adjust their course. What makes this more interesting is when there are multiple people trying to influence the Temporal Plane at the same time. Yes, you see? That is when the future becomes 'mushier' and more prone to instability. More prone to chaos! Then you can't predict what will happen, and that makes the game so much more fun."

"In truth," Gressil continues, still circling the Wordsmith, "I have long since realized that lacking an adversary is boring. There's no joy in manipulating a future I have already fully grasped. Uncertainty is the greatest chaos of all!"

"So... you want me... to try and change the future?" Jason asks, perplexed. "You think I'll change things to a point you can't predict them?"

"You already have." Gressil chuckles. "You just don't know it yet. The Great Shattering will change everything. It creates a moment where my vision is no longer all-encompassing. A moment where chaos truly reigns supreme!"

Jason frowns. "The Great Shattering? Unarin mentioned it. He said an old sage friend of his..."

The Wordsmith blinks twice.

"...the same old Volgrim you mentioned before?"

"That very one!" Gressil exclaims. "Yes. Old Vedric was a tricky little bastard. Defeating him gave me no end of joy. But, tsk. The future becomes harder to influence the farther away it is. His strength was too feeble to defeat me."

Gressil pauses his pacing. "That's why I let you out of that cryopod, you know. The Great Shattering is coming. And _you_ will be its arbiter."

"You're talking in circles." Jason says. "What is the Great Shattering? How am I involved?"

"Hold your horses, Jason." Gressil chides, waggling a finger. "You should know me by now. I don't do anything I think won't be fun. And telling you directly would be _incredibly_ boring. Use that Wordsmithing of yours to figure it out."

Jason crosses his arms. "Oh, I see. You're not such a nice, generous, two-headed freak after all. And here I was starting to get the slightest good impression of you."

He cocks his head.

"You tortured my clone, Gressil. You tortured him, Cassiel, and killed or maimed countless other people. You're a sick fuck and you need to die."

"Good, good." Gressil chuckles sinisterly. "I like that attitude. Hate me, and work toward killing me. Though, I do still find it amusing..."

"Find what amusing?" Jason asks.

"You call her 'Cassiel' now." Gressil says. "My pretty little Birdie. I look forward to seeing her get some of her spirit back. She stopped screaming when I hurt her. She withdrew, and our intimate moments became... less fun. I could barely manage to even make her whimper... it was so... frustrating."

"MONSTER!" Jason roars, jumping toward and Gressil and raising his fist. The Wordsmith explodes with rage at Gressil's casual mention of torture, making him finally blow his top. "Fucking die already!"

Just before the Wordsmith can sock Gressil in the face, the prison warden casually turns on his heel, snaps out his palm, and grabs the Wordsmith's arm. Jason doesn't get a chance to react before Gressil spins to the side and flings him a hundred feet away, causing Jason to crash to the 'ground' of this strange void-like realm.

"Ugh!"

Jason coughs in pain, then quickly jumps to his feet, his eyes still burning with hatred.

"Enough from you!" Jason roars. "I'm sick of listening to your bullshit, Gressil! You need to die! You DESERVE to die!"

Gressil rolls his eyes. "Always with the childish antics. You can't kill me, Wordsmith. Your magic has no effect on the power of Chaos. Your machines can't track my position. I come and I go as I please. Physically, there are a few who could kill me, but... they are still not my match."

Jason thinks about attacking Gressil a second time, but without a weapon, he lacks the ability to inflict any actual damage.

"You've been hanging around, influencing the future. Tell me. Is there a future where I cut both of your heads off and leave you laying in a pool of blood?"

"Not that I've seen." Gressil says with an eerie smile. "I'm always five steps ahead of you and all the others, Wordsmith. If you want to kill me, you won't be able to do so inside the Temporal Plane. We're not even really 'here.' We're talking to one another through Temporal Forms, not our real bodies. If you killed me here, I'd just reappear later in the timeline."

Gressil continues. "Anyway. It's been fun. If you want to kill me, you'll have to pay my physical body a visit. Make sure you bring plenty of firepower. You'll need it."

Jason nods. "Don't you worry. I will."

"Good..." Gressil says, turning to leave. He pauses for a moment and smiles. "By the way... regarding that clone of yours..."

Jason's heart drops into his stomach. "Hope? What did you do to him now?!"

"Nothing. Nothing at all, haha..." Gressil laughs sinisterly. "But I do wonder... how long should it take him to hunt down one or two lone Demon Emperors? Why hasn't your lesser half returned yet? Don't you find that strange? I wonder if he's gotten up to some tomfoolery..."

Jason narrows his eyes. "What are you implying?"

"Hope is ambitious. It's one of his more interesting traits." Gressil explains. "He's not like you; content with the status quo. He wants to change things to be in his favor. You could learn a thing or two from him."

Gressil lifts his hand and waves at the Wordsmith.

"See you around, Jason. Of course... you won't see _me_. Haha."

A moment later, Gressil's body fades away, leaving Jason to stand in the void of the Temporal Plane, all by himself.

The Wordsmith shivers, sending trembles down his spine.

"What the fuck. What the _fuck_. I can't tell if Gressil is poisoning the well or if Hope is really up to some bullshit."

He scowls.

"I have to find out the truth..."