Part 272: Zamiel's Siren Song
Part 272: Zamiel's Siren Song

_Tarus II's eastern front. Second day, sixth hour._

Kar and Blinker, the mightiest of all monsters, battle against an army of undead crocodiles. Mephisto, the Duke of Mist, hovers in the sky and cackles evilly while he summons one crocodile after another, coordinating with the Battle Brothers to attack the Sphinx from all sides.

Having spent six straight hours fighting, Kar's rage continues to escalate further every minute as he forces his way through the horde of his former family members. One of the undead in particular, Kar's former wife, Pyra, dogs him relentlessly, always attacking his back while screaming obscenities.

"You left me to die! You left our children to die! You abandoned our bodies to the necromancer! Perish, Kar! Perish and burn for all eternity!"

Pyra punches Kar's spine, but her weak, Demon Lord-level strength barely even catches his attention. The last living crocodile merely grits his teeth and ignores her, instead turning his attention toward Mephisto's mana signature.

"Smokey! You foul, disgusting graverobber! These cowardly tricks will not save you from my wrath! Hurgh!!"

The Battle Brothers, Zamiel and Duriel, duck down low and hide themselves among the several thousand crocodiles, cackling wickedly as they slither through their ranks, cautiously keeping out of Kar's reach. 

"What's the matter, croccy?" Zamiel asks, his voice impossible to pinpoint. "Having trouble finding me? If only these useless 'reps' weren't in the way, you could easily slay me! What's taking you so long? Just kill all your friends! They're dead anyway!"

Zamiel's words jab Kar's heart cruelly, like poisonous barbs fired from a distance. The Sphinx winces, then glares in Zamiel's general direction.

"Show yourselves, murderers! I dare you to combat me directly, unless you lack the guts!"

A hail of claws and fists rains upon Kar's body. Some of the strongest undead crocodiles, standing near the top of the Baron ranks, manage to inflict a few light bruises on him, but still, Kar doesn't fight back. He merely holds up his arms to protect himself, sometimes shoving the strongest crocodiles away.

"Kar!" Blinker says, her voice magically transmitting to a position near the Monster King's head. "I know these people are your family... but we have to end their suffering! We have to kill them for good! Don't you see, gator-man? They're nothing more than Mephisto's puppets, now."

"I cannot do that," Kar immediately answers, his tone firm. "I will not end my family's lives! I will save them. I will bring them back from the dead."

He leaps into the air and flicks his eyes around for a split-second, then changes his direction mid-flight to fall toward Duriel's position. The bigger Battle Brother sticks out a little more from the crocodiles around him, especially with his pale, white, vampiric skin.

Kar dive-bombs Duriel, intending to stomp the younger brother's body into pulp. However, just before the Sphinx lands his surprise attack, Duriel motions with his hands and explodes into a cloud of bats. They scatter in all directions, causing Kar to impact the dirt uselessly.

"Hurgh! Damn!"

Kar curses Duriel's quick thinking, all while remembering how many times the Battle Brothers have evaded him during these past six hours.

_Earlier, I beat both of the Battle Bastards around without any trouble... but now, having revealed their vampiric powers, they've somehow become ten times more slippery! They always dodge just before I can land a killing blow. Somehow, I must find a way to trick them!_

As Kar mulls over his options, Blinker speaks to him again, her body cloaked invisibly somewhere nearby. "We can't bring the crocodiles back from the dead, Kar. It's pointless to even try! I know it hurts... but you have to let go."

"I refuse!" Kar snarls. He glances around and spots Pyra rushing toward him again, his former wife's figure sticking out from all the other crocodiles as a particularly heart-piercing memory within his mind. "You may not realize this, Butterfly... but Turtle and Rabbit have the power to save my people. They can undo Smokey's curse and revive my people from the grave!"

"No, they can't," Blinker retorts. "Nobody can bring back the dead. Not even a Wordsmith! Don't you remember? Jason told us it was impossible."

"The Wordsmiths might not be able to pull a soul back from the Great Beyond," Kar counters, as he pulls away from his rapidly-approaching former wife, "but they can still create new bodies from scratch. Smokey surely still has possession of my people's souls! He controls the River Styx, after all! Hurgh! That means if we can defeat him, Turtle and Rabbit can revive the crocodiles. We can save my people!!"

Blinker hesitates.

"That... I mean, that might be possible, Kar, but..."

"You see?!" Kar yells. "Even you must admit there is a chance! So please, you mustn't kill any crocodiles! Help me slay the Battle Bastards, and afterward, we can capture Smokey! Surely, we will be able to revive my species if we work together!"

"I..."

Blinker, protected behind a wall of illusory magic, gazes down at her husband from the sky. Her expression flickers between uncertainty and doubt. Seeing the look of pleading on Kar's face, she ultimately relents against her better judgement.

"...Okay. Alright. If this is what you want, Kar, then I'll help you. But you have to be careful! The Battle Brothers are way stronger than before, now that they've assumed their vampire forms!"

"I am not afraid of two pissant posturers," Kar snorts. The Sphinx raises his fists overhead, then swings them downward, bashing them against the planet's surface. Powerful shockwaves fire out in all directions, flinging all of the nearby crocodiles into the air, where they flail around helplessly for a few seconds before crashing upon their backs. "Rather, it is they who should fear ME!"

To the west of Kar's position, the aftershocks of his attack knock tens of thousands of humanity's soldiers off their feet. To the east, demonkind's forces also go flying. Even so, after both sides clamber back to their feet, a spark of realization appears on their faces.

"Hey, wait a minute!" A Demon Baron says. "Why are we just standin' around with our thumbs up our bums? it ain't only the Sphinx fightin' the Battle Brothers anymore. Mephisto's here, too! He's got a bunch of undead at his disposal. I say we attack the fleshbags while the Monster Royals are all tied up!"

Another Baron raises his eyebrows. "Wow, you're right! Good idea! I was super scared earlier, but look at the Sphinx now! He won't dare attack if it means his shitty dead croc friends might get hurt. Let's use those scalies as meatshields!"

"Yeah!" The demon army howls. "No more bullshit! Let's get in there and FIGHT!!"

Like a tsunami of blood, the red-skinned demon army suddenly surges forward, startling humanity's forces into action.

"Shit! What the hell? Everyone, get ready!" A nearby lieutenant shouts. "The demons are attacking! They aren't gonna hold back any longer!"

"Fuck. Why are there so many of 'em?!" Another soldier shouts. "There must be a million bloodskins coming this way!"

"Hold the line!"

Within seconds, humanity recognizes the incoming threat and jumps into action. The frontline soldiers assume their battle positions, with each one lining up to prepare cover fire for their battle-buddies. Mechanized defense troopers stabilize themselves, rooting their feet to the ground to ensure maximum accuracy with their heavy gunnery. Snipers jump into trees or line up along the eastern cliffsides, steadying their aim to take out any high-value targets. And finally, giant assault mechs form up in the backline, readying their cannons for long-range bombardments.

Half a minute later, the demon army floods into the valley where Kar and the undead crocodiles await. Kar reacts the instant he sees the invaders coming. "Why, you-! What guts you have!"

Kar jerks his claws upward to summon a wall of earth one mile wide, fifty feet tall, and five feet thick. The massive barrier momentarily stymies the demon's assault, but only until until a few hundred Burrowers jump out and punch the wall, using their earth manipulation to demolish it with the force of TNT explosions. The wall crumbles immediately, allowing the demons to overrun the undead crocodiles.

Pandemonium ensues. Kar's Emperor-level might allows him to stomp and kill anyone who enters his range without so much as breaking a sweat. Likewise, Blinker's area-of-effect projections and fairy magic give her a wide area of destructive force. Even so, they quickly realize that killing such a huge number of demons is an impossible task, made even more difficult when the demons grab Kar's undead family members and hold them up to use as hostages.

Kar fires a shotgun-blast of earthen bullets at a half-dozen Demon Lords approaching him, but then they grab several nearby crocodiles and hold them up, forcing Kar to halt his bullets' momentum with a quick flick of his wrists. "Cowards, the lot of you! How dare you use my people against me?!"

His hesitation to hurt the crocodiles emboldens the demon army further. "Bahaha! Looks like we guessed right, boys! The Sphinx cares too much about his precious family to hurt any of us! Let's push forward and rip apart the fleshies!"

Blinker watches in horror as the demon army wades through the crocodiles, using guerrilla tactics to avoid Kar's wrath. They push through the wall of scales and charge humanity's ranks, but to her relief, the demon army's treacherous tactics meet a hard limit when humanity's bullets start flying.

_Ratatatata! Brrrrrt! Boom, boom!_

A hailstorm of lead and explosions rips through demonkind's ranks. Suddenly, their brilliant strategy becomes an exercise in stupidity when the demons realize the undead crocodiles might be providing them with cover from Kar, but their sheer numbers are also slowing the demons' advance down enough for humanity to overwhelm them with bullets.

"Oh, shrakh! Bad move! Bad move!" One demon screams, only for his cries of fear to cut off abruptly. A sniper bullet pierces his skull, violently whipping his head backward and stopping his advance. He falls to the ground, followed by a second and third demon as they perish at the same spot.

"One bogey eliminated. Two. Three," The sniper says, counting his kills as he lays flat on his stomach atop the western ridge. "Baron spotted. I'm taking the shot. Dead. Mark four-one-five, a pair of Lords. First one down. Nice shot, Red Two."

"Same to you," A second sniper replies. "I think the little cunt pissed himself when he saw his brother die."

The soldiers all continue speaking, while the Centurion network transmits their chatter amongst one another as necessary.

Meanwhile, Kar resumes his attacks. He slowly begins working his way through the demon and crocodile army, eliminating anyone who stands in his way. Despite his inability to slaughter the demons en-masse, lest he accidentally kill any of his fellow crocodiles, Kar still proves more than capable of surgical strikes, killing individual demons even when they use his family as shields.

One Demon Lord holds the undead body of a crocodile child by the back of its neck. He dangles the croc in front of himself, sneering when the Sphinx glances his way. A moment later, Kar's eyes flash with rage. Like a snake in the grass, he 'swims' through the bodies around him and instantly arrives before the demon taunting him, causing his opponent's cocky smile to transform into a look of horror. Kar swipes the demon's neck with his claws, ripping his foe's head off effortlessly. The demon perishes where he stands, while Kar gently pulls the crocodile child out of his enemy's grasp and drops the kid to the dirt.

"Hurgh! Cowards, the whole lot of them. Damn! Where have the Battle Bastards gone? There are too many Barons in the area! Too many demons entirely! I can't tell one from the other!"

Kar continues swimming through the sea of flesh, killing every demon who gets in his way. The scaled predator uses his tail, claws, and teeth to their maximum potential, eviscerating his red-skinned foes one by one. Still, he finds himself unable to locate Duriel or Zamiel.

"Butterfly! Where have Ugly and Stupid gone? I cannot find either of the Battle Bastards!"

Blinker, flying high above her husband, focuses her eyes. She glances around the battlefield, yet finds herself just as confused as Kar. "I... I don't know, hubby! It's like they've melted into the crowd! I'm sure they're near you, but I can't get a bead on their positions! Keep your guard up. You might be able to take a hit from the other weaklings, but the Battle Brothers have bodies way stronger than ordinary Barons and Dukes. A single strike could mess you up!"

Kar nods. He swings his tail at a nearby demon, one who foolishly thought he could sneak up and assassinate the Sphinx. That fellow perishes instantly, never knowing that his death had arrived. 

"Hurgh. Butterfly, have you any experience dealing with vampires?" Kar asks. "I only know tales regarding them from myths and legends. Never did I imagine they were real."

"I've heard that vampires can drink blood to empower themselves and heal their bodies," Blinker says, but that's all I know. It seems they can turn into bats, too. The Battle Brothers probably have other powers we don't know about, so be careful."

"You need not tell me twice," Kar grunts. The Sphinx leaps into the air and falls toward a dozen demons clumped together. He lands atop them and rips them to pieces before they can grab any crocodilian hostages, then jumps again, using his leapfrogging strategy to increase his killing speed.

Suddenly, a female voice cries out from the crowd.

"Aaah! K-Kar! Help me!"

The Monster King's heart skips a beat. He whirls around to see Zamiel standing proudly a hundred feet away, Pyra held in his grasp.

"Hey, 'scales'! Looky who I've got here! It's that ugly, slimy bitch you used to get all freaky with!"

Zamiel holds Pyra up by the back of her neck. The comparatively small and delicate crocodile hangs limp in his grasp, unable to fight back thanks to Mephisto's magic.

"Unhand her!" Kar roars. He starts to move toward Zamiel, only for the eldest Battle Brother to grin evilly.

"Don't move," Zamiel rasps, revealing his teeth. "Take one more step, and I'll snap this froggy's neck. Maybe your Wordsmith friend can bring her back as she is now, but The Boss's undead die forever if you kill 'em a second time. You only get one do-over, Sphinx! It'd be a real shame if this were the last time you ever saw the old lady!"

Kar freezes in place. He stares, wide-eyed, as Zamiel squeezes Pyra's neck tighter than before.

A faint cloudy mist spreads across the battlefield, its chilliness mirroring the cold fear in Kar's heart.

"If you kill Pyra, there won't be anything stopping me from ending your life..." the Sphinx snarls.

"You've spent the last six hours trying to kill me and failed every time," Zamiel retorts. "That's the thing about becoming a vampire, crocco! We're awfully hard to put down."

The eldest Battle Brother takes a step toward Kar. "Here's the deal, Sphinx! Give up now! Tell these humans to surrender, as well as all the others around Tarus II! Tell everyone to surrender, and the slaughter will stop! No more dead humans! Be a good little croc. Accept defeat, and all your troubles will come to an end."

Zamiel pauses for a moment before continuing. "The Boss'll give you back the crocs, and you can have your Wordsmith pal revive 'em before living happily ever after. Everything you said was true, buddy-boy. Their bodies died once, but the Boss says a Wordsmith can bring the undead back to life. Just think about it! You could reunite with your old flame, maybe even bring back the little tykes too! Doesn't that sound like a good deal? Of course, it'll be a shame for your current gal, but hey, that's just how the die falls, sometimes. Life ain't fair."

Zamiel lazily glances up at the sky, as if to look for Blinker. He doesn't see her, but the mere gesture makes Kar's heart skip a beat.

The Sphinx pauses, unsure of what to do.

_My wife... Pyra. I... I could reunite with her. I could bring her back! Not just Pyra, but my children, too. My entire village. My species! Turtle and Rabbit could bring them back. Even Smokey says so!_

Pyra continues to hang in Zamiel's grasp. She gazes at Kar pleadingly, making his hesitation intensify. "Kar, please... we need you!"

"Don't listen to him!" Blinker says, speaking to Kar from afar. "You can't trust the demons! These are the same jerks who killed all the crocs! They're just using your people against you! If you agree to their demands, we'll lose the war, and they won't have any reason to keep their promise!"

Kar's entire body starts to tremble. "But... Pyra... Butterfly, she could... she could return..."

"There's no way Jason or Hope could bring the undead back to life!" Blinker replies. "Zamiel is lying! I'm sure of it. Don't believe him, gator-man!"

A strange look appears in Kar's eyes, he flicks his gaze into the sky, then back to Pyra.

"Butterfly. Are you sure you are not saying such things... because of jealousy?"

Blinker's eyes become as wide as saucers. "...What?! What do you mean?"

"Perhaps you do not wish for me to reunite with Pyra..." Kar murmurs. "You... you only want me for yourself. You don't want me to bring my people back, because then you might lose me."

Blinker stares in shock at her husband, the Sphinx. "Kar... Kar, that isn't true. How could you say something like that? How could you think such a hurtful thing? I... I love you. I always have!"

"Of course you do..." Kar continues. "But perhaps, in the back of your mind, greed has clouded your judgment. Perhaps, due to these unforeseen circumstances, you wish to deny me my chance at redemption."

Blinker falls silent. She opens her mouth several times to speak, but instead, only tears form in her eyes.

"Kar... Kar..."

She squeezes her tiny little hands into fists, then presses them against her eyes.

"Stupid! You big bully! I'll always love you to the ends of the galaxy! Even if... even if you threw me away for Pyra, I'd still love you! I'd happily stay your side-gal, even if you never loved me again!"

Her reply causes Kar to fall silent. He gazes at Zamiel emotionlessly, trying desperately to wrestle with the choices in his mind.

"What'll it be, croc?" Zamiel asks, his evil grin spreading from one side of his face all the way to the other. "Should I snap the broad's neck right here and now? Maybe that Wordsmith can't do anything anyway, huh? Guess that's the extent of your love. I bet you never cared about her at all."

"Shut your mouth!!" Kar roars. "You are a psychopathic murderer! Do not lecture me, you tiny, insignificant BUG!"

Kar summons mana to his heart and fists. Bloodlust ignites in his eyes as he stares Zamiel down. But still, he doesn't make a move.

The early morning fog engulfing the battlefield continues to condense, further isolating Kar and Zamiel from the battles around them.

Zamiel, unmoved, remains in place. His sinister smirk fades away, replaced instead with a look of boredom.

"Are you gonna do somethin' or what? Come on. Come over here. Hit me, croc. What's the matter? Ah, I see how it is. You know you won't be able to move fast enough to kill me, not before I perform a little _snappy-snappy_ on this broad. Even if you succeed, the Boss can kill all of these crocs with wave of his hand. Their lives rest in his grasp."

Kar's heartbeat quickens, speeding up like crazy. Several crocodiles punch him, but he ignores their feeble attacks, focusing his tunnel-vision on Zamiel and Pyra.

"...I cannot trust you..." Kar mutters. "You'll kill all of my people anyway, no matter what I do."

"Oh, please, get over yourself," Zamiel counters. "Do you really think that's the case? Climb down off your high horse, pal. I don't give a shit about you or anyone else. I'm a selfish bastard. I didn't kill your people because I _hated_ them. I did it because of their juicy, tasty blood. Killing the crocs made me and my bro super strong, way more so than any other Baron at the time. If I say I'll let you keep the crocs, I mean it; same for the Boss."

Zamiel leans forward and lowers his voice. "Think about it, Sphinx. We only came here to stop the fleshbags. You're just in the way. Why do you even care about these fleshies? Don't you understand? They're only _using_ you. All these humans just see you as a meatshield; someone to soak up the damage while they hang back and shoot us demons from afar. You call me a coward, but the very people you've chosen to protect are just as bad! Screw these fleshies, Sphinx! Join up with the demons and get your people back. We ain't got no beef, pal! I may have killed the crocs, but look! They're right here, just waiting for you to revive them!"

Like an adept fisherman, Zamiel drops one last piece of bait. "Besides, crocco... even if the Wordsmith can't bring back your friends, what about your mother? What about _Marie_? Don't you have any faith in her? I hear she's a real smart cookie. I bet she could think of some revival method, provided my Boss gives you the souls and bodies of your people."

Kar's body slowly stops trembling.

"Mother..."

The Sphinx's eyes lose a bit of the rage they once held. The distant sounds of gunfire grow silent in the Sphinx's mind as the battlefield fog thickens even further.

Cautiously, the Sphinx lowers his fists to his side.

"You. Ugly. Do you swear to keep your word? Do you swear to give me back my family? To return the crocodiles to me, unharmed?"

Zamiel nods unsmilingly. "Of course I do, champ. This is just business. I ain't got any reason to make an enemy of Hell's strongest monster, after all."

Kar closes his eyes.

"I see... then... in that case..."

Blinker watches, her heart clenching up, as Kar makes his decision. "No... Kar, no... he's a liar..."

Kar releases a turbid breath.

The Sphinx opens his eyes, and smiles at Zamiel.

"...I refuse."

Suddenly, and without warning, Kar swivels around, revolving on his heel. He lunges his fist at a position behind himself, punching a seemingly random spot amidst the fog.

**BOOOM!!!**

Kar's fist connects with a nearly invisible figure, one whose body all but perfectly blended together with the misty battlefield.

Duriel, the younger of the Battle Brothers, gets no chance to react as the Sphinx's fist strikes his face. Every ounce of Kar's might transmits into the Baron's head, crushes his skull, and sprays his brains violently backward in a cone of blood.

_CRACK!_

For a split-second, time seems to freeze for Zamiel. He watches in disbelief as his brother's head vanishes, followed momentarily by the entirety of his upper torso. His legs, stomach, and arms scatter away to the four fucking winds, leaving nothing behind but the memory of his existence.

After a moment of deliberation, Kar lowers his fist. He turns to look at Zamiel, then shakes his head disapprovingly.

"You stupid child. Did you think you could fool this predator? Did you think your clumsy assassination attempt would succeed against one whose body is most adept in the fog of a swamp?"

Zamiel takes a step back, shock in his eyes. "L-Little Bro... you... you killed him."

Dark fire smolders in Kar's chest. As the fog around the battlefield rapidly begins to dissipate, the Sphinx exhales deeply, readying himself for the hardest choice he has ever had to make in his life.

"Butterfly is right. I cannot revive my people. Even if I could, doing so at the cost of my friends' lives would bring only shame upon the crocodiles. I would sooner die than force such a terrible humiliation upon my people."

Kar raises his hand. He extends a finger to point at Pyra, then shakes his head.

"Besides. Do you believe such a pathetic deception would fool me? My beloved would never curse me as that puppet did. She would never blame me for her death, since she was a kind woman who cared deeply about my feelings. Whatever soul you've stuffed in Pyra's body, it most certainly is not hers."

Blinker, watching from above, covers her mouth with her hands. Tears stream down her face as she realizes just how clever her husband's deception was. "Kar... you big, mean bully... haha... you even fooled me."

Zamiel stares at Kar with wide eyes. After several seconds, his pupils expand, giving him a glassy-eyed appearance. He tosses Pyra aside like a ragdoll, then nods slowly.

"I see. So that's how it is. You... you spawn of a broodmother. You killed my little bro. That mistake will cost you _dearly._"

Kar smiles. "An eye for an eye, Battle Bastard."

Zamiel shakes his head. "Not quite. There's something about my brother and me that you don't know, croccy. We share everything. Food. Lovers. Powers. We even share... our _strength_."

A sense of danger tingles in the back of Kar's mind. He turns around just in time to see the remnants of Duriel's corpse fading away and turning to ash. In that moment, all of Duriel's Baron-level strength transforms into a blood-red mist, congeals in the air, and flies toward Zamiel!

The older Battle Brother reveals no expression of delight as his younger brother's mana floods into his body. In the blink of an eye, Zamiel's strength explodes, blasting him through the limits of the Demon Baron level and straight up to Demon Duke. His height increases by several inches, along with the length of his horns. His muscles expand. His skin becomes younger and more taut, giving him a menacing appearance far scarier than before.

Kar observes silently as his opponent doubles, triples, and even quadruples his strength. In the end, his might reaches the apex of the Demon Duke realm, outputting a tremendous amount of demonic energy throughout the local area.

Zamiel closes his eyes and inhales deeply. His appearance, much more handsome than before, also drips with the sensation of unfathomable evil.

"I told you, croccy. Killing my brother was the last mistake you will ever make."

Kar's eyes flicker.

"And I told _you_, Ugly. I will avenge my people."

---

>!This is what a spoiler looks like! Click it to reveal the text!!