Part 677: Chrona's Biggest Loser
Part 677: Chrona's Biggest Loser

_Far-Future Era. Day 20, AJR. Chrona._

A little over two weeks had passed in the outside galaxy, but years had passed inside Chrona. With its time dilation having increased to nearly 300x realspace, that meant a bit over 17 years had passed for Chrona's denizens.

Chrona itself had expanded. Not only in population, but in size as well. Kar and Blinker continued to have children, and the general human worries about 'incest' were not enough to stop their various children from pairing together. Thus, the population had started to balloon at an increasingly fast rate, forcing more construction and more expansion toward the edge of Chrona.

Chrona was a lot like the Labyrinth. It grew based on its internal life energy. Unlike Jason's much more successful secondary realm, Aevum, Chrona did not have a great quantity of life inside of it, but all its life forms were qualitatively powerful. Seeing that the teleporters leading to the outside world were growing increasingly stressed by the strengthening temporal distortions, Fiona had long ago taken matters into her own hands. She teleported various non-sentient creatures and beasts from different planets across the Milky Way into Chrona. She forcefully created a natural food chain, using predators and prey to balance each other out.

Much like Aevum, Fiona, Blinker, and Rebecca had worked together to build a huge barrier around the central city. It was, unfortunately, not as formidable as the one Jason made inside Aevum, but it was powerful enough to keep Chrona's newly added wildlife out.

They did not have access to Genesis Ichor. They did not have a way to rapidly evolve the creatures inside Chrona. But that was never their purpose anyway; they only wished to ensure they had a stable food supply in the event the replicators broke down or some other catastrophe happened.

Fiona was growing more worried by the year. She could easily see that the time where they lost contact with the outer galaxy would be upon them soon. Already, the Spynet had lost 15% of its viewscreen connections, notably those closest to powerful Psions, Cosmics, and other supernatural entities. Their innate energy fields broke down the magical connections between Chrona and its microscopic spy drones.

Communicating with the outside world was also growing increasingly difficult. Previously, Fiona could reliably send messages to the Phoenix, who would transmit them through Jepthath to the rest of humanity. But sometimes, she wasn't able to connect to the Phoenix for days at a time when her transmitters broke down. She had to rely on sporadic data-bursts more and more often, hoping they could transmit through the temporal interference to reach the outside galaxy.

It was on one of these random days when Fiona quietly sighed. She was walking around a beautiful garden cultivated by some of the Crocodile children, who enjoyed doing so because it made their mother, the Matriarch, as well as their father, the Patriarch, happy.

The garden was a large circular area with multiple inner rings. Her nephew, Sir Lorent, walked around in a body seemingly just as corporeal as her own. He held Shana's hand in his own.

"Aunt Fiona." Lorent said, his eyes brightening at her presence. "I trust you're doing well?"

Fiona didn't immediately reply. She sighed again.

"...Yes. I suppose so." She muttered lamely.

"It seems the situation is worsening." Lorent said softly. "What is our worst case scenario?"

"Runaway temporal acceleration. Spatial collapse." Fiona said, her tone grave. "If we're lucky, we'll only end up trapped inside an infinitely accelerating dimension that infinitely isolates us from the outside galaxy. Thousands, hundreds of thousands, even millions of years could pass for us for each day that passes outside. It's a frightening thought."

"Living space will become a problem..." Lorent said. "Especially with the way Kar and Blinker's progeny love to rear children. Oh! Aunt, I do have some good news!"

Lorent gestured down to Shana. "Sugarplum here came up with a great idea to solve our material production deficiency!"

Shana blushed. She liked her adopted uncle's nickname for her.

"Uncle Lorent can make metal with his paintings!" Shana declared. "And wood, and string, and lots of other stuff!"

She still looked like a child, but years of socializing with Lorent had done wonders for her mental development. Unless Jason reappeared and used his magic, she would be forced to stay in a spiritual child body, but at least she was immortal, like her uncle and the other Chrona denizens.

"That's a fantastic breakthrough!" Fiona said. She smiled tiredly. "I wish I'd thought of it years ago. I just have so much on my mind, these days."

"I imagine you do." Lorent said. He smiled, but the expression felt somewhat disheartened. "I've been trying new things with my painting. I think I might make a breakthrough soon. Shana's powers especially work well with mine."

"They do?" Fiona asked. She was genuinely clueless. She loved her nephew dearly, but she just didn't have time to spend with him or others, since there was always so much stuff breaking down. If she and Rebecca didn't keep on top of the technology failures, the damage would compound and Chrona would regress to the dark ages.

"Shana's power allows her to boost the magical abilities of other entities, particularly nonliving ones. Artifacts!" Lorent explained. "I've been trying to paint increasingly more complex objects in the hopes I can make an artifact like the ones Jason used to make. If my plans succeed, we could have a real breakthrough!"

"That's wonderful, Lorent!" Fiona said, feeling herself cheer up a little. "If there's anything I can do to help, just let me know."

"I'd rather you didn't overwork yourself any more than you already do." Lorent said seriously. "But yes, there's one small thing I need. Could you allow me access to Jason's storage bunker where he kept all those artifacts he was working on? Maybe I can learn more about artifacts if I study them."

Fiona's smile broke. She visibly faltered, then looked off to the side.

"I... I don't know..."

"Aunt... I know you loved the man, and you think he might still be alive... but we have to be realistic." Lorent said gently. "If he does come back, I doubt he'll be mad I touched his stuff. I'll be extra careful not to damage anything. And if he doesn't return, then...?"

"I understand." Fiona said quietly. She glanced wistfully into the distance, where a mausoleum containing Jason and Phoebe's bodies had been erected. Having retrieved them from Realspace after Gressil's revelation, Fiona had taken great care to preserve their bodies inside cryostasis pods. She couldn't bring herself to believe Jason and Phoebe were truly dead, but she knew in the darkest parts of her heart neither of them would ever return.

After a long pause, Fiona slowly nodded. "Alright. I'll... give you access. Please treat Jason's artifacts with care. I should let Timothy see them as well. It's not right that I've denied him this part of his father for so long."

"Timothy..." Lorent said, looking off at a distant house and sighing. "That boy never comes out and visits anyone. He's holed himself up in there. I worry about him."

"He's lonely. We can't blame him." Fiona said. "The only friends he has his age are crocodiles. All the rest of us are old people and thousand-year-old Psions. Sometimes I wish I'd brought more humans into Chrona permanently, but instead I shunted them all back out into Realspace following Tarus II's destruction. Phoebe's baby boy has to grow up alone because of me."

"Everyone has their problems." Lorent said. "At least he wasn't raised from birth to be Mordred's Butcher, right?"

Fiona lifelessly chuckled. She gave her nephew a wry smile. "You shouldn't joke about such things."

She chatted with Lorent and Shana for a while longer, then turned and made her way toward the distant house that she nominally lived in, but which she rarely visited. Fiona never required sleep, and her duties were constant and ever-expanding, so she rarely returned home. She spent a depressingly small amount of time with Timothy as a result.

Timothy was not Fiona's son. But she treated him like hers. Timothy had long ago learned the truth of his birth parents, and grappled with their deaths. Since Fiona was a clone of the mother he never met, he treated her as if she were his blood mother and never resented her for it.

But Fiona knew Timothy wasn't entirely okay. He lived in his room, playing video games, watching movies, and was obviously suffering from a deep loneliness-inspired bout of depression.

Sometimes Fiona worried the boy might even grow so despondent he wished to end his life. Nothing scared her more than that possibility.

Fiona walked over to her home. She quietly pushed the door open, but didn't hear any noise inside.

"Timothy? Are you asleep?" She asked out loud. She looked around the living room, but all the lights were off. Eventually, she noticed a flicker of light down the hall, originating from Timothy's room.

Unsure if he was awake or asleep, Fiona crept down the hallway noiselessly. She turned the corner and looked in his room, where she saw Timothy sitting in the easy chair in front of his television. He was leaning back heavily in the chair, and his hands were in his lap. His back was to the door, so he didn't notice his mother spying on him.

Fiona blinked. Timothy wasn't watching a movie or playing a game. Instead, he was watching a recently recorded video from Realspace. It was a video recorded by the Spynet... and it showed a familiar girl Fiona had seen several times over the years. She was Benajmin Brown's daughter, Lily Brown, and she was bathing in a tub inside her house on Sharmur. Periodically, she splashed water on her bare, ample breasts...

"TIMOTHY EDWARD HIRO!" Fiona shrieked, nearly scaring herself with the volume she suddenly projected. "Just what in the HELL do you think you're doing?!"

Timothy practically jumped out of his skin. He leaped out of his chair like a cat that had its tail stomped on. His pants had been pulled down, and when he turned to see his mother standing there, he was clearly stricken with horror as he quickly lowered his hands to cover himself up.

"M-Mom?! What are you- ahh! Knock first! No, wait, this isn't what it looks like!"

"It's EXACTLY what it looks like!" Fiona screamed, quickly whirling around, not wanting to see her son doing something so foul. Her face turned crimson. "Using the Spynet as a peep-show?! You should be ashamed of yourself! Put your goddamn pants on and get out in the living room, young man!"

She stormed out of the room, flipped the lights on in the living room, and clawed at her face and eyes. Here Fiona was, all worried about her son, but the little rat bastard was being a goddamn pervert when he thought nobody was looking!

After half a minute, Timothy awkwardly shuffled out of his room. He stared at the floor as if it were the most interesting thing in the world, then came to a stop at the other end of the living room.

"It's... it's not what it seems, mom..." He lied lamely. "I... I just..."

Fiona took a few moments to inhale and exhale deeply. Despite not technically being a corporeal being anymore, she still reflexively lived like one. She regained her center of calm, then slowly turned around to face her obviously extremely-embarrassed son.

"No lies, Timothy." Fiona said calmly. "I momentarily lost my temper, but I'm not angry anymore. I just want an explanation."

Timothy stared at the floor for an entire minute, uncertain of what to say. He bit his lip, then finally looked up at his mother.

"This... I just... I was watching her all day... because she was so beautiful... and then she went home and... I kept watching."

Fiona remained stone-faced. "Do you do this often?"

Timothy slowly shook his head. "Not often. But sometimes. I know it's wrong. But... the wrongness... feels good."

Fiona's heart became heavy.

_I've been failing as a mother. I raised a voyeur and didn't even notice._

But not long after, her thoughts cleared up.

_Of course he's a voyeur. Timothy doesn't have any human friends his age. He only knows how to socialize with the Crocodiles, but they probably treat him like the odd one out. He watches humans in Realspace because he longs to go there. But he can't, because he's been raised in a time-accelerated environment since infancy. If he goes out there, he'll die..._

"Mom, it's not that bad." Timothy said lamely. "It's not like she knew I was watching. What's the harm?"

"Spying on someone else without their knowledge is not okay. Even if they don't know, it's still crossing a serious ethical boundary." Fiona explained.

"But mom! You spy on people all the time!" Timothy protested. "All day long, sometimes! What, it's different just because I was looking at a naked girl? Where's the consistency?"

"Don't get smart with me, young man." Fiona bit back. "I do _not_ spy on people during their private moments, especially not for my own pleasure."

She continued to stare at him angrily, her arms crossed, until a few moments had passed. For the hundredth time that day, Fiona sighed tiredly. She might be a spiritual life form, but her mind felt slow and groggy.

"It's my fault." Fiona whispered, looking away. "I should have brought more humans here. Your only friends are crocodiles and Psions. Your only interaction with other humans involve me and the Spynet. It's not fair. I'm sorry I've done such a poor job."

Timothy's heart dropped. "Mom, come on. Don't say stuff like that. It's not your fault. It's me. I'm a weirdo and a creep. I'll stop doing this peeping stuff, okay? Just don't blame yourself..."

He slowly walked over, then reached out his arms and hugged Fiona tightly.

"I'm sorry, mom. I won't do it again. It was wrong, okay? It was wrong of me..."

Fiona hugged him back. She leaned her head against his shoulder and kissed his cheek.

"You're a good boy, Timothy. I'm sorry I can't be there for you as much as you need."

Timothy looked past his adoptive mother's face. He stared at the wall guiltily, feeling terrible about everything that had just occurred.

"I'll... I'll delete everything, okay, mom?"

"No. I will." Fiona said, pulling away. She narrowed her eyes at him. "A simple apology isn't good enough this time. I'm going to make sure it's all gone, and I'm going to close off your access to the Spynet. You've broken my trust, and it will take a lot of work to mend it back."

Timothy lowered his eyes. "Yes, mom."

She forced him to stay in the living room, then she hesitantly walked back into his room. After gritting her teeth, she pulled up a keyboard and started quickly looking through his hard drives.

"God..." She groaned under her breath. "So much footage. Wait, isn't this _Samantha_? His own _aunt_?! I guess he hasn't seen her since he was a baby, but still! And Kiari... several succubi... are those kobold girls? Harpies? Orcs?? They're barely even humanoid!"

A weird expression crossed over Fiona's face.

"...At least he's not racist. A minor comfort."

Timothy's wretched spank-bank turned out to be way bigger than she expected. After Fiona deleted it all, she put on several layers of password protection to ensure he couldn't access the Spynet again. Then she paused.

"I mean, he's a growing boy. Should I really delete everything? Is it bad if I do that? I wish Jason were here. He'd know more about this than me... it feels wrong to leave him with nothing, I mean, he has _needs_ right? Right?? It isn't as if he can meet them the normal way."

Fiona wanted to pull the skin off her face. She was so grossed out and disturbed, but at the same time she wasn't a man, so she wasn't sure what was normal versus abnormal. She only knew from her own perspective what felt like a violation.

"At least he isn't creeping on any of the crocodile girls up here." Fiona mumbled. "Or would that be better? Is it good if he likes crocodile girls? Is he respecting their boundaries? Or maybe he's grossed out by them? Should I ask? No way! I'd rather die than talk about something so sickening!"

Fiona finished her work. She walked back out into the living room and started at her son evenly. He met her gaze.

"Timothy. Do you want to travel to Realspace?"

Timothy started to nod, but then looked away and shrugged.

"I don't know. I'm used to things in Chrona. Outside seems... scary. The whole Plague thing freaks me out, and I'm not good at talking to people either, so everyone would probably just laugh at me. Or they'd compare me to my dad. That's what everyone _here_ does."

"What! People don't do that!" Fiona protested. "I think you're in your head too much, Timothy."

"Yeah they do." Timothy said sullenly. "My dad was a legendary Hero, but I'm nothing special at all. I'm just a normal guy. No powers. Nothing special about me. Everyone's disappointed."

"You're not even eighteen yet." Fiona pointed out. "Most Trueborn Heroes don't develop their abilities until they turn eighteen. Only a few outliers like Joan of Arc exist, and they're the exception that proves the rule."

Fiona threw her hands up helplessly. "Besides, even if you never develop any powers, so what? Neither me nor your mother had any powers, and we helped humanity out a lot. I mean, we did get a little help by interacting with Solomon's Crown, but that merely boosted our intelligence a bit. If you study hard and live out your life here, you can become incredibly smart even without powers!"

Timothy looked at his mom with dismal eyes. "I'm not immortal like you, or Kar, or any of the others. I only have a hundred short years to live, and likely less. Not even a year in the outside world. The Immortality Station dad made on Tarus II is gone. With so short a time, how can I possibly make a difference? You just don't get it. I'm _useless_."

Timothy pulled his feet up into the chair and wrapped his arms around his knees. He always did that when he was feeling depressed. It was his way of retreating into himself.

Fiona lightly licked her lips. She wanted to protest, to tell him he wasn't useless, but her words were not an argument based on factual data. They were purely an appeal to emotion. She could tell him he had the potential for greatness, but those words would fall flat if she didn't have a way to back them up.

"I... well, I actually came here to tell you that I gave permission to your uncle to go inside your father's warehouse." Fiona said, slightly changing the subject. "Lorent wants to start learning about artifacts. I thought you'd want to hang out with him and aunt Shana, maybe see the gizmos and gadgets your father made. Who knows? Maybe there's something really useful in there. Rebecca will be there to help you out as well. She was quite familiar with Jason's creations back in the day."

Timothy continued to stare ahead glumly. He didn't look particularly inspired. Eventually, he did nod.

"Yeah. Sounds good, mom. I guess I'll take a look later."

Timothy..." Fiona said quietly, but she didn't know what else to say.

It was clear Timothy was still feeling deeply ashamed about what happened earlier. He had a difficult time meeting her eyes. That awkwardness in turn made Fiona uncomfortable. She was effectively a single mother with no father around for Timothy to learn from. There was Lorent, but he was usually doing things with Shana. Kar existed, but he had hundreds of his own kids to worry about. There were male Psions around, but they were so utterly alien that they had no conception of human developmental needs. All the other humans and human-like figures in Chrona were women.

Fiona decided she would just have to talk to Lorent about her son later.

"I'm... I'm going to go." Fiona said. "Did you want anything? Maybe I can cook you some food before I leave?"

"No need. I'm fine." Timothy mumbled.

"Right." Fiona said.

She hesitated, then walked over and kissed the top of his head. She wrung her fingers together in consternation as she looked down at him, but he continued to stare off into the distance.

"I love you, Timothy." Fiona said quietly.

He hesitated before nodding and saying, "Love you too, mom."

Fiona sighed for the millionth time that day. She turned and walked out of the living room, then the house, leaving Timothy behind.

After his mom left, Timothy continued to stare at the wall for a long time.

"Stupid." He muttered. "Getting caught like that. I'm a disappointment, like I've always been. I should just crawl in a hole and die."

Timothy rubbed his wrist. He rocked back and forth in his chair, then sighed.

The situation was worse than Fiona knew. Every day was like torture for him. Timothy felt the gazes of others on his back. He felt their eyes on him, subtly laughing, mocking him for being a pathetic loser.

And now even his mother was disgusted by him. He had never felt so low and unlovable in all his life.

"My dad wouldn't have been so pathetic." Timothy muttered. "He'd be embarrassed to have a loser like me for a son."

Timothy had never known Jason, but he had rewatched several of Jason's most stunning moments, particularly his battle against Hope, thanks to the Spynet. Seeing his father heroically defeat his clone and win an overwhelming victory, only to be backstabbed by Creator Demila was a thrilling but tragic set of happenings that always left Timothy's eyes wet with tears.

Seeing his father die was agonizing. Jason may have revived, but the man who came back was incapable of withstanding the evil machinations of Emperor Gressil. Timothy wanted nothing more than to rip Gressil apart with his bare hands, but without any powers, it was about as likely to happen as any other ordinary human defeating an Emperor.

After sulking for a while in his depression, Timothy eventually got up and shuffled back to his room. He was surprised to see that his mother hadn't grounded him and taken away all his entertainment, but he knew she always felt extremely guilty about not being able to spend much time with him. That was why his betrayal of her trust hurt him as much as it did her.

He sat in his chair and turned on a random movie. It was a romantic comedy filmed during the 1900s era of ancient Earth. Something about a man falling in love with a woman through postcards. He wasn't really paying attention.

"Man. What am I going to do with my life?" Timothy wondered to himself. "I should call Ferral over. He's always easy to talk to. Maybe he can help me out."

Timothy decided that when he felt better in a few hours, he'd do just that.