Rosalia and I stomp down the corridors of the Labyrinth, our footsteps echoing far into the distance. The flame in my hand burns hotter than usual, a result of my rising anger. Judging by the water dripping from the ceiling, I must be close to one of the aquatic areas. I despise water more than anything, given how it stands opposite to fire, but for once, it has little to do with my agitation.

"I'm sure the Dukes didn't mean anything by it, Mister Beelzebub," Rosalia says, as she trots along beside me. Perhaps in an attempt to anger me, she deliberately splashes in every puddle she sees. I'm on the verge of furiously charring her body to a crisp. "The Emperors and Dukes probably-"

"Don't you dare make excuses for them," I hiss. The sound of skeleton feet clinking behind us and orcs stomping along make me acutely aware of my environment. I can't lash out in anger, lest they think less of me. "Agares is dead. I didn't get to kill him and take his place, and even with Barbatos out of commission, they _dare_ say I don't have the qualifications to become a Baron. Outrageous!"

Rosalia fumbles around, poking her fingers together. "You said you contributed greatly to the fight with the Black Queen. Maybe they forgot?"

My gut clenches. _I was useless in the fight. I know I was outmatched, but all the Dukes would have to do is give me a few hundred human souls, and I could have handled the wench. She wasn't anything special._

_Cheh. The so-called Overlords blew up the planet after sealing the Black Queen there. She's dead, or so they say. Does the Council know that for a fact, or are they guessing? I bet she's still alive. All I have is a hunch to go on, but I can't see her losing so spectacularly, not after revealing her secret weapon._

"The Dukes and Emperors haven't forgotten. They simply don't think I'm worthy. I'll show them."

Adjusting my suit with my free hand, I expand the fireball in my palm a little more, then lob it down the corridor to light the path up. The flame hits a patch of water and evaporates it, fizzling out a moment later. I quickly light another one and grumble silently.

I know what's going on in the Core. The monsters have found a group of humans with advanced weaponry, and they're taking over our warp-gates. Monsters think they can stand up to demons, but they're worthless. If I take back the Core, I'll prove my worthiness to become a Baron. The Council will have to acknowledge my power.

Fire is a symbol of demonic purity. Human myths once imagined Hell as a place of fire and brimstone. By controlling the element most closely associated with our kind, I put myself on a pedestal above my peers. 

_I deserve my position. I'm not like the rest of the rabble._

Rosalia and I continue to pace down the halls of the Labyrinth, the sound of orcs grumbling to each other at our backs, when she turns to look at me. "Do you miss your teacher? Agares, I mean."

The flame in my palm intensifies. "Of course not. Agares was a stupid old lizard who never stopped speaking in riddles and platitudes. However, I cannot forgive the Black Queen for slaying him. That was _my_ job. I'd sooner-"

I pause mid-sentence and hold my hand out as movement in the distance catches my eye. "Hold. I saw something."

My ability to sense heat and warmth is unparalleled. A figure moves up ahead and ducks behind a corner, but I doubt it's a demon or a monster. They'd have no reason to hide.

"I don't see anything, Mister Beelzebub." Rosalia starts to take a step forward, but I quickly pull her back.

"Idiot. I did. Your eyes haven't half the acuteness mine do. Stay here."

Quietly, I sneak forward, igniting the fire in my palm with more gusto before flinging it at the distant wall. "Show yourself!"

The flame explodes, and for a brief instant, I catch sight of a robed figure illuminated by the fireball, but it pulls away and hides as the light disappears.

A chill goes down my spine as a head peeks around the corner, one with two pure white glowing eyes.

"You weren't supposed to see me."

The voice is masculine. Young, perhaps an evolved demon? No. Demons don't hide from others of our kind. He's much too tall to be an imp playing tricks.

Is he a spy?! Perhaps one of those monsters from the Core is trying to sneak around. But what type? Those glowing eyes are unlike any I've seen before. Hydra eyes can sometimes glow, as can the basilisks, but his humanoid face reveals he isn't one of them.

"Step out of the darkness. If you don't, I'll turn you into ash."

The male slowly rises to a standing position. He's even taller than I first thought, perhaps seven feet in total. He walks around the corner, and I quickly illuminate the area with another flame in my hand. Robes cover his entire body, and all I can see of him are the glowing eyes under his cowl. A massive bulge on his back makes me wonder if he's suffering from a body deformity.

Wait! Those eyes, they remind me of Barbatos! That's right! The Duke of Steel has glowing red eyes, unique even among demons. Is this person one of his servants?

Unlikely. Barbatos is a quiet individual. I heard that he never speaks to anyone, and he barely interacts with his section of the Labyrinth. He has a few of the Lords in the area handle most of the business there.

The stranger takes a step toward me. "I need to pass. Move, and I won't hurt you."

What?! He dares threaten _me_? The bastard. Of all the days for someone to slight me... I won't let him off the hook now.

"You're a fool. A simple apology would have saved you, but I'm in a terrible mood. Orcs, gut him."

The orcs, half-asleep behind me, snort audibly and wake up, realizing I was referring to them. I step to the side and allow ten of them to rush past me, fan-out, and block the intruder from squeezing through.

"Man-filth! Smells like hooman to me!" One of the orcs bellows.

The stranger's eyes aren't like any human I've ever seen. Still, Orcs have an uncanny sense of smell. If they say he's human, then...

"Please, I don't want to hurt you if I don't have to."

The stranger pleads for his miserable life again. However, something about his voice catches my attention. I've heard it before. I can't recall where from, but it was recent. It has a distinct whine to it, as though it belongs to a spoiled brat.

"Attack!" The monsters charge at him with their swords and axes raised high.

What happens next makes my heart stop. Without moving, the stranger closes his glowing eyes, and all of the orcs lift a foot into the air, then violently smash on the ground. Not once, but three times. _WHAM! WHAM! WHAM!_

Orcs are far more durable than the average monster, but not even they can withstand the Labyrinth-rattling force of the stranger's telekinesis. The orcs slump to the ground in defeat, and I gawk as the glowing-eyed 'human' opens his eyes.

"I told you to stay back. I've only knocked these fellows unconscious. Let me pass, and nobody else has to get hurt."

"The Hell I will!" My left-hand raises and forms another ball of fire in its palm. "You brazen little shit. I don't know who you are, but I'll find out when I peel the scorched flesh off your bones!"

The man sighs. "Ugh. I knew sneaking around wouldn't be easy. I'll try to be gentle."

_C'mon, Beelzebub, don't waste another word on this maggot,_ I think to myself.

Quickly, I slap the fireballs in my palms together and spin them around rapidly, building up a scorching ball of flame. Its heat hammers my body, warming my blood as it reaches a thousand degrees. Before the stranger can evaluate its properties, I hurl the infernal orb at him, and it sails forty feet down the hall until it explodes and swallows the fool alive!

The flame smashes into the unconscious orcs and incinerates their bodies, killing them all instantly. It briefly lights up the room, and I catch a glimpse of the human's cloak down that side hallway once more. 

The bastard! He hid from my attack! Coward!

After the flames subside, the man steps back out. "What the hell?! Those Orcs were your servants! You killed them! How could you do that?"

"A demon cares little for the lives of worms," I reply. "Who are you? Why do your eyes glow?"

"It's a long story," The man replies. "It involves a lot of alcohol and a party trick gone wrong. I knew I shouldn't have swallowed that disco ball."

"Aren't you the clown," I mutter. "I'm intrigued by your sudden appearance. After I kill you, I'll continue to the Labyrinth Core to slay the monsters who have defied the Dukes. It'd be a shame if any of them were your friends."

"You can try, Beelzebub." 

I raise an eyebrow. "Oh? How do you know my name?"

"I know all sorts of things," the bastard replies, noncommittally.

"Tell me yours, rat. I don't extend the privilege to any random insect I face, but you intrigue me."

"Oh, how polite of you," The human mutters. "I'm Jason, but you can call me Jason. First name Jason, last name Jason."

"Are you mocking me?"

The human blinks. "I'd never dream of it. Now, let me pass. I'm in a bit of a rush."

The fire in my palms increases in intensity. "Sounds like you have a _hot_ date."

Jason narrows his eyes. "I have no interest in fighting you. My target is Amelia."

My body freezes. _Amelia? What? Why would he be after the Black Queen? Who the devil is this human?_

"You're after the Black Queen, hmm? I have bad news for you, vermin. She's dead. The Overlords destroyed her planet."

"She isn't," Jason replies calmly. "Amelia survived, and now she's on a different world, devouring all its life. I've spent many weeks preparing to fight her, but for every minute I waste, she grows ever more powerful. I'll have to face her sooner rather than later if I hope to win."

My heart pounds like a war drum in my chest. _The Black Queen is alive after all? I... I wasn't wrong! The Council doesn't know, yet!_

I calm myself down. "Impossible. How can you be so confident? Every report states that she was trapped on that dead rock when the Overlords destroyed it. How can you know what our greatest Oracles don't?"

Jason crosses his arms. "I have my ways. Now, are you going to let me pass, or will I have to make you kill more of those grunts behind you?"

"You'll regret mocking me, insect," I whisper.

Slowly, deliberately, I reach up and unclasp my jacket, one button at a time. Then, I peel it off and hold it in the air. "Rosalia, take this and fold it. _Neatly._"

She nods and rushes forward, gently taking it from my grasp.

My long-sleeved black undershirt, of course, looks impeccable. Not like the rags many demons wear, including the Duke of Pain. I smile slightly at the human. "I'll keep the pants. You don't deserve the sight of what's underneath."

Jason smirks. "Wow, you've got quite a sense of humor, _Beelzy_. I hope you don't expect to beat me with jokes."

My jaw clenches. "_What_ did you call me?"

"Beelzy. It's short for Beelzebub."

A spurt of flame pops out of my mouth as I exhale. "Maggot. I'm going to beat you to a pulp. I won't stop until you're a puddle of blood."

"Darn. And here I thought you'd go easy on me since I'm new to all this."

The man holds his palm out. Suddenly, a cylindrical, metal object leaps from his belt into his hand.

I frown.

_What the Devil is that?_