Part 552: The Great Debate
Part 552: The Great Debate

On the southern side of the Fortress of Retribution, well off the plateau of the upper city, a massive stadium stands erected; none other than the same stadium where Beelzebub's Inquisition was held, along with the other traitors to humanity.

But today, that stadium has been reworked to fit its new purpose as a venue for the Great Debate. More than 300,000 seats have been erected inside the arena's center, all facing the upper platform where the VIPs have opted to sit. Additionally, large amounts of space have been erected along the back and side walls for even more seating, allowing a total capacity of 500,000 people to fit in its interior.

Outside, people congregate en-masse as well, watching the event via giant screens mounted along the exterior. These screens project images of the VIP booth as well as the crowd of 500,000 to show off audience reactions while the debate progresses.

Three million humans remain in the Milky Way, but even among the relatively tiny number of demons that have allied themselves to humanity, their populations still total in the hundreds of millions. The Hells of Isolation and Lust alone dwarf humanity tens of times over, to say nothing of all the monsters aligned with humanity's interests.

While the totality of demonkind is not particularly amenable to humanity's interests, even two or three percent of their species is still an unfathomably large number, given the fact trillions of demons live inside the Labyrinth and across various worlds of the Milky Way.

At its apex, Earth held a population of twenty billion humans. For each life-bearing world the demons control, they easily have that many members of their species living there, if not far more. 100,000 years of expansion efforts by the Broodmothers, and the fact that demons do not die of old age, has allowed their population to balloon to a ridiculous extent.

However, a pointed decision was still made by Phoebe Hiro and Neil Adams both. Aside from a few exceptions involving the VIP lounge, only humans would be allowed inside the inner area of the Southern Stadium. Given the outsized impact this debate would have on humanity, it seems only prudent to both to have the most important members of their species represented, with many human nobles and lords taking the central seats. As former controllers of tribes and kingdoms that were once beholden to the demons, they all wield small but significant pockets of influence among their subjects, past and present alike.

Brunhilda, leader of the Felorians, is one such example of these people. Given that the Felorians have become a significant powerhouse in humanity's military, she ends up nabbing a seat inside the VIP booth. Others also join her, such as General Magnus Chadwick, Fairy Princess Melia, Emperor Belial, and several other allied Emperors from the Hells of Isolation and Lust.

But for the otherwise 'ordinary' human leaders, those who ruled over small and medium sized tribes and kingdoms, they have to make due with being seated inside the central arena. They will have no say in the outcome of today's debate.

Along with the notable VIPs, Phoebe sits just behind the primary microphone platform, with Belial on her left. Neil sits on the opposite side, with Linda conspicuously seated beside him as well. Interestingly, she wears a beautiful blue dress with a slit that goes up her right leg, revealing her tantalizing thighs. This dress was actually chosen for her by Neil himself, who picked it to make her appear as beautiful as possible on this momentous day.

As the time to begin approaches, Linda maintains her cool and smiles prettily for the cameras, but inside she feels uneasy, as she is quite worried about how today's events could play out.

"I hope you know what you're doing..." Linda says softly.

"Just smile for the cameras." Neil says. "I may need your help later. I hope you're alright with standing in front of a crowd."

"I'm a soldier, not a politician..." Linda whispers back.

"Good soldiers follow orders." Neil says, nudging her side with a cheeky elbow.

The people in the crowd talk loudly among themselves as the beginning of the Great Debate approaches. Their voices form an incomprehensible throng, a dull roar that makes one's ears ring if they try to listen for any individual words. The louder the roar becomes, the louder people have to talk just to hear their adjacent neighbor, compounding the situation and making it worse.

However, within seconds, the roar dies down, and all the humans fall utterly silent. Atop the VIP seating area, a tall and powerful Minotaur steps forward and slaps his chest as he takes hold of the microphone.

"Greetings, humans, monsters, and demons alike. I am Yamir of Clan Ironhorn, head of Yamir Food Industries. As a neutral third party, I have been chosen to moderate today's debate between our two debaters, Commander Neil Adams, leader of the Human Military Force, and Phoebe Hiro, pre-eminent inventor of mankind's technologies, as well as the wife of the First Wordsmith."

He pauses to sweep his eyes across the massive crowd, but doesn't so much as flinch from the pressure.

"Today is a momentous occasion." Yamir continues, lifting his hand and making a small gesture with it. "Humanity stands at a flashpoint, a decision that will affect it for generations to come. When I was a young bull, I was rejected by my clan and sent to live in exile. By chance, I became enslaved to the creature known as Bahamut, and following her death I pledged myself to her slayers, Kar the King of Monsters, as well as his cute sidekick, the Wordsmith Jason Hiro."

"In recent years, the Wordsmith has come under increasing scrutiny and criticism. His failures to use his power proactively meant humanity's defenses were inadequate at defending itself during the invasion of Stormbringer. Millions died as a result of Emperor Ose's machinations, along with the deaths caused by Duke Beelzebub's bodily detonation. Of late, the movements of Emperor Diablo have caused waves of fear to spread among the common folks. With humanity possessing just three million survivors, can they possibly hope to compete in a galactic battlefield where Plagues, Aliens, and Demons all wish to feast upon their bodies and souls?"

Yamir keeps his tone even, focusing purely on the known facts while issuing no direct opinions of his own. His words, thought somewhat alarming, instead comfort the crowd, assuring them that their fears are being heard and responded to. Above all else, everyone wants to believe that they won't leave this debate feeling as if the bigger picture is being overlooked in favor of petty squabbles and disputes.

"A choice emerges." Yamir continues. "Continue to keep humanity together in order to focus our power, or split it in half between Tarus II and the world of Maiura. Should humans who have no love for demons be forced to live among their former tormentors? Should humans who hold no ill will be forced to live with those they consider traumatized bigots? Or is there perhaps a compromise the two sides could follow that would allow them to move past their disputes and harmonize their intents? Perhaps when split apart, humans will fracture and weaken, but together you may become unbreakable?"

"I am unwilling to answer that question for myself. So, in the spirit of the Great Debate, I shall now turn the microphone over to the first speaker, Commander Neil Adams. After flipping a coin before coming on stage, it was determined that he would be the first to speak, and thus set the tone for today's meeting. For the rules of the debate, when one side is speaking, the other side must remain silent. There will be two rounds of back-and-forth arguing before the two leaders will be allowed to cross-examine one another more directly."

Yamir slowly turns around to gesture toward Neil Adams.

"Commander Adams. Your turn begins now. You have fifteen minutes to state your opening argument."

Neil Adams stands up from his chair and smiles. He glances behind himself for a moment at his fellow humans, as well as a few of the monsters and demons, including Belial, who have taken up seats not far from himself. He doesn't say anything to them, then walks forward and politely takes the microphone from Yamir.

"Thank you, Brother Yamir." Neil says, as he waits a few moments for the Minotaur to return to his chair and take a seat. Then Neil turns to face the audience.

"Brothers and sisters, comrades in arms, my fellow humans and our allied monsters alike. We have all lived through strange and unexpected times over the past six years, for better and for worse. Great tragedies follow behind uplifting feats of human martial prowess every week, it sometimes seems."

The deliberate omission of demons from Neil's introduction doesn't take anyone by surprise. Belial stifles the urge to glare at his back, despite hating the way he always snubs her.

He projects a warm smile outward, making himself appear extra friendly to the audience.

"I love humanity. I love my fellow humans, male and female, black, white, and all the other colors. But I won't lie... I fear for the future we are careening toward. Humanity is anchored to a single orb inside the vast cosmos. Had that vile archfiend Mephisto gone mad, he might have launched an attack that slaughtered all of us in an instant. Cosmic Entities that make Mephisto look like a harmless puppy abound, especially among the Volgrim, and all it would take is one of them having a particularly bad day to kill us all in one fell swoop."

Neil closes his eyes and sighs softly.

"Humanity possesses unimaginable potential. We believe ourselves to be short-lived, fragile, and over-reliant on our technology. But the truth is, our species is the most adaptable in the Milky Way, capable of overcoming any adversary given enough time. Sadly, time is what we lack the most. We have entered the war against the Plague far too late. It has spent nearly 100,000 years spreading across our galaxy, and in that time it has grown to become immensely powerful."

"But while the Plague may be the enemy of all life in our galaxy, and humanity's current highest priority, what will come afterward if we should manage to eradicate this blood-hungry parasite from our domain? Do you believe the war will stop there? Of course not. We will still have the Volgrim to deal with... and then the _demons._"

Neil's smile disappears. He rests his free hand on his hip and stands up a little straighter.

"Demonkind is humanity's greatest enemy. Not the Plague, and not the Volgrim. Don't get me wrong, the Plague is our most formidable foe at the moment, and the Volgrim possess plenty of power to quash humanity as we stand today, but no enemy has shown the same level of ruthlessness toward us as the demons have. No enemy wants to enslave us and feast on our souls to the same degree that they do."

Neil raises a finger in warning. "Demons gleefully live in our midst. They are spreading among our people. Succubi and incubi sleep with humans wantonly. Grunts and Lords seek to teach our children their demonic ways, appearing as 'guest speakers' in their schools. They say they are on our side, but how can that be the case when their entire species remained silent in the face of 100,000 years of atrocities?"

"Some would point out that half a million demons fought on our side during Operation Stormbringer. But I ask... so what?"

"What is half a million demons in the grand scheme of things? Their population numbers in the trillions! Don't you find it more likely these bloodskins are simply biding their time, snuggling up to us to reap the benefits of quick ascension via the Belial Booster and other such amenities while waiting for Diablo to amass enough power that he will be able to behead our leadership in one fell swoop?"

Neil's 'kindly leader' appearance fades away, replaced instead with a dismissive sneer.

"The truth is, these demons are not our allies. Use your heads! Even if the ones who align themselves with us now are 'truly' aligned with our interests, they don't represent a fraction of one percent of demonkind's total population. And can we really believe in their alliances? When the going gets tough, can we truly expect them to stay on our side? Or will they stealthily abandon us to return to Diablo's beck and call?"

He pauses.

"Maybe you think I'm being too dramatic. After all, they already took a risk by staying with us during Stormbringer, and even now, as Diablo has risen to power. But surely, if you look deep within yourselves, you can see the truth. These demons ALREADY betrayed their own kind to 'side with us'! If they can commit one betrayal, does it not seem perfectly plausible that they might do so again?!"

...

Neil's words cut deep. His face projects across various screens inside and outside the Southern Stadium, as well as across all of Tarus II's main city. Pubs and houses project the speech inside, where humans, monsters, and demons can listen to his words in real time.

"That bastard..." One demon hisses to his friends. "This is how he really sees us! I knew that Neil cunt wasn't a fan of demons, but I didn't think he'd stoop to such a level!"

Among those demons are a few Grunts and Lords from the Hells of Isolation and Lust.

"Neil Adams doesn't represent all humans." One of the incubi says. "We won't know until the debate ends how humanity as a whole truly feels."

"We know devil-damned well how the human military feels." The first Grunt snaps back. "They aren't ignorant to Neil's true thoughts. His words represent them and plenty of other secret sympathizers. Damn! I fought in Stormbringer and lost several friends to Ose, but now I have my loyalty questioned! I joined the humans because I felt they had been mistreated for millennia, but I didn't have any power to help them, yet now I'm starting to wonder if I made the right choice at all!"

The incubi slowly nods before confessing, "I'm... having second thoughts as well."

...

Elsewhere, at the Horned Maître, several humans consisting of not only soldiers but also civilians sit at a group table on the lowest floor, watching the proceedings.

"It's like I told you all." One female commando says. "The demons already betrayed their own kind. What makes you think they won't betray us next?"

"I never thought of it that way." One of the civilian men, a common laborer, says softly. He takes a slow drink of his beer and frowns. "Traitors once, traitors always. Doesn't that mean any demons who join us can't be trusted?"

"Exactly." The female soldier replies. "Once a traitor, always a traitor. Plus, demons could only ever evolve through devouring souls, up until the invention of the Belial Booster. That means Commoner Demons who have eaten one soul have committed an act of murder, while Grunts have killed at least five. This isn't even mentioning Lords and the rest above them! Can we really trust that Belial?! She's an Emperor! Think of how many human souls she must have eaten in her past. She's a worse mass murderer than Beelzebub was before that piece of garbage exploded himself!"

The expressions of everyone at the table turn unsightly as they think about this particular revelation.

"Not a bad point..." The man from before mutters.

...

Neil Adams continues to speak for several minutes before finally closing out his opening argument.

"Let me clarify one final point," he says toward the end. "I do not want to step on the heads of those demons who have sacrificed for humanity's cause. Emperor Belial, for instance, has healed countless humans. She has performed a great service on behalf of humanity, and she joined us from very early on when we needed help the most."

He lets his words linger for a moment.

"But just because good demons like her exist does not mean that I can ever trust them! Especially Belial, a shapeshifter who can adopt any form. Do we truly know who this 100,000 year old demon is? Do we truly know if we can trust her motivations? Who is to say that she was not secretly dispatched to surveil us by Diablo from the very beginning? Perhaps her ultimate motivation is not as benign as she has made it seem. Who is to say that one day I might not end up dead, incinerated by Beelzebub while a facsimile of myself trots out onto this very stage and declares subservience to Diablo?! A shapeshifter of such immense power could certainly do such a thing!"

Behind Neil, Belial's eyes ignite with rage. She balls her hands into fists and even has the urge to stand up, but Phoebe quickly squeezes her arm, looks at her friend, and shakes her head.

Belial stifles her hatred and lowers her eyes, silently shaking as she tries to ignore Neil's incendiary remarks.

As for Neil, he pauses for a moment, perhaps hoping to get a stronger reaction out of Belial. Since she doesn't say anything, he opts to finish his closing remarks.

"I want humanity to split in half, not because I hate the demons, but because I can never allow myself to trust them. Be very wary of these wily creatures, my fellow humans. They may show us kindness now, but allowing them to live and mingle amongst our most vulnerable citizens will someday lead to a terrible tragedy! Moving humanity to Maiura will allow us to maintain a central base of human power while allowing the gullible few who believe they are safe among these creatures to live out their fantasies until the demons no longer have any use for them."

Neil bows his head, then turns and flashes an insidious smile toward his opponent.

"I have said what must be said. Now I shall give up the floor to my fellow debater, Miss Phoebe Hiro!"

Phoebe smiles back at Neil, but the undersides of her eyes flicker for half a moment as she stifles a sense of nausea toward his performance. Even without being able to hear what any humans on Tarus II are saying, she can tell that Neil's opening remarks were extremely effective, targeting the fears of the populace while closing off several avenues of discussion she hoped to breach.

The Wordsmith's Wife rises to her feet, then rubs her lightly pregnant belly as she slowly approaches the stand.

Neil Adams sits next to his beautiful companion, Linda Hurent, and rests his hand on hers lovingly.

"What did you think?" He mouths to her softly.

"It was an effective speech." Linda says neutrally, smiling weakly at him. "But... attacking Belial like that? Samantha is one of humanity's closest friends..."

Neil continues to smile, but he snorts through his nose at Linda's words. "Closest friend? Indeed. That is why it is important to set the stage and break people's wills. They must not let their hearts be deceived by that wretched succubus. She is the greatest danger to humanity of all..."

He pauses, before adding one last point. "Remember how well Mara deceived you? She was a villain, in the end, excused only because of Jason's soft ways. Don't let your thoughts become uneven, love."

Linda pauses. Her smile becomes a faint frown as she remembers how she felt when she learned Mara slaughtered a ship full of civilians, including thousands of children.

"Mmm. Mara..." She says to herself.

...

All of Neil and Linda's words happen too quickly and silently for Phoebe to overhear them as she approaches the stand and starts to speak, but the same is not true of Belial. With her Emperor-level hearing, she easily picks out Neil and Linda's conversation, stifling yet another urge to scowl hatefully at the small-minded bastard seated off to her right.

Phoebe clears her throat as she takes the mic in her hands, then she begins to address humanity.

"Unlike Neil, my address is not only to humanity's human soldiers and monster allies, but its demonic friends as well, most especially including my closest friend, Samantha."

Phoebe lightly gestures toward Belial behind her, deliberately choosing to use Belial's preferred name instead of her demonic one.

"Before I rebut any of Neil's broader points, let me take a moment to tell all of you about what Samantha has done to uplift humanity, the sacrifices she has made, and the pain she has endured..."

...

While Phoebe begins her first counter to Neil's introductory speech, Jason Hiro continues to reside within Chrona, watching the proceedings in slow-motion as they play out.

For him, yet another three years have passed. Kar and Blinker's children have reached young adolescence, all of them approaching their eighth birthdays. The Psions have settled down even more, and some have begun making the smallest of strides toward advancing their Psionic Seeds, though they still have many many years left before they will be able to successfully do so.

As for Jason, he spends a few days mulling over Neil's speech as it slowly plays out in realspace, but he also makes a great effort to view dozens, if not hundreds of random people across Tarus II surreptitiously. He spies on humans, monsters, and demons alike, all to analyze their thoughts on the Great Debate as it plays out.

"The people aren't happy." Jason says softly, as he listens to the chatter of some troopers and civilians inside the Horned Maître. "Neil is scaremongering like a politician, but his words... they're affecting the minds of a lot of people. He also has his troops strategically placed to influence public opinion. He put a lot of thought into all of this."

Rebecca and Fiona stand beside Jason, also watching the monitors.

"You probably don't want to hear this," Rebecca says, "but I find myself agreeing with a lot of what Neil is saying, even if for entirely different reasons. The demons you've happily invited into your ranks pose a massive security risk. You have no idea if they truly stopped working for Diablo, or if he might be playing the long game. Placing the entire population of humanity on one world leaves you vulnerable to a single Cosmic Incident. If Diablo decided he wanted to eliminate humanity, he could pay a terrible price and ruin the power of the Archdemon by attacking Tarus II's population centers. The Akashic Backlash might destroy the Archdemon form, but he could also simply demand one of his proxy Deities do the deed instead."

"The biggest problem humanity faces is its low population." Fiona adds. "Three million humans is nothing at all. We don't have the time to mass-reproduce. Only if humans moved inside of a time dilation realm would they be able to explode in number."

"But doing so would mean they could never leave if the dilation is too high," Jason says. "Not unless we can find a more universal method for people to travel from higher to lower dilations."

The Wordsmith lowers his eyes as he falls deeper into thought.

"Can't have all the humans stay on Tarus II. Splitting the population in half would cause a massive schism between those who don't mind demons and those who hate them. Time dilation... need a way to mass reproduce... damn. The solution isn't going to be simple."

"We still have time to formulate a plan." Rebecca says. "Let's see what Phoebe has to say. Perhaps the words of humanity's most beloved woman will soften their hearts."

Jason frowns.

_But what if softening their hearts isn't the right play? What if Neil, despite being such a bigot, actually has the right idea after all...?_