Part 224: Gressil's Children
Part 224: Gressil's Children

Shadows shift. Specters skulk. Within the Labyrinth's recesses, an army stomps the floor, creating thunderous footsteps and shaking Hell's foundations. Despair follows in their wake. Goblins, orcs, skeletons, and a host of other monsters march together while forming orderly ranks. Each species keeps to its own cluster, allowing the most durable among them to take up the forward positions, while the weaker, nimbler ones keep to the rear.

A goblin, one with blackened skin and bright red eyes, plays with a knife while marching. Unique among his species, the charcoal-skinned creature stands out among the greenery of his comrades. As the hallway begins to expand and widen, the goblin chuckles to himself.

"Hehe. Stupid fleshies ain't survivin' til nightfall. Kekeke..."

Hungry, the lone Obsidian Goblin among the advancing army, spreads his lips apart to reveal a vicious, bloodthirsty smile.

"Me want find fleshy girl. Hehe... hold her down... cut skin... kekeke...!"

To Hungry's left, a scrawny, malnourished-looking goblin, draws a little closer. "Hungry big strong! Me think you find best girly for cutting! Keekeekee!"

Hungry stretches to stand on his tip-toes while marching. "We get close, yet? Where big Core at?"

"We still ways away!" The scrawny goblin says. "Why big rush? We find cute girly soon enough!"

"Don't like waiting," Hungry complains. "Stupid orcies blocking path. All me see is orc butts!"

The two goblins grumble and whine, but they don't dare step out of line. With orcs and minotaurs up ahead, and harpies and skeletons at their rear, the goblins know better than to cause a ruckus.

"All halt!" A minotaur up front roars. Tormud Goldenhorn, leader of the Goldenhorn tribe, raises his fist to slow the procession. His warriors and the orcs come to an abrupt stop, forcing the other species in the rear to halt their advance as well. Countless grumbles and complaints come from the back, but Tormud ignores them.

"Hm? Where this place?" Hungry asks. 

"Smells familiar... smells scary..." The scrawny goblin replies.

Ignoring military ettiquette, Hungry decides he's had enough. He leaps toward the nearest wall and grabs onto it with his specially adapted climbing claws. They tear into the Labyrinth's hardened dirt surface without any resistance, allowing him to scrabble toward the ceiling. Once he reaches the top, Hungry twists his head nearly 180 degrees, a feat few other monsters can perform.

"Hm? This place... we went to prison?!"

Hungry's curiousity instantly disappears, replaced instead with a nameless fear. The trembling goblin stares ahead at a long, dimly lit corridor, his eyes narrowing to slits so they can better pierce the darkness. Several burnt-out torches hang from sconces on the walls, each mounted beside one or more unmarked oaken doors.

Whimpers and wails drift down the corridor, their sources originating from the poor souls trapped within Hell's heartless prison system. The stench of death lingers in the air like a stale slaughterhouse, churning the goblin's stomach. Even for a scavenger like Hungry, the decayed bodies lurking behind many of the prison's doors are far too rancid for his liking.

_Boom. Boom._

A sound like thunder begins to rumble in the distance. A pair of demon imps run up to the Minotaurs and Orcs in front of the army while bowing and kowtowing profusely. They babble rapidly at the raid leaders, but Hungry can't make out their squeaky words from such a distance.

After shooting a hurried look behind themselves, the two imps dart down a path to the right, quickly fleeing the horrible creature pursuing them.

As Hungry watches, his expression grows uglier every second. Soon, he manages to make out multiple red dots drawing nearer from the darkness. A demon, standing more than nine-feet-tall, with two heads and four arms, approaches the awaiting army at a pace one might describe as 'leisurely.'

Gressil, the Labyrinth's prison warden, makes his way toward Tormud Goldenhorn. He crosses both pairs of his arms and slows to a stop before the minotaur, barely giving the commander a once-over.

"Tormud."

"Gressil."

The prison warden and minotaur leader greet each other brusquely, not bothering with any pleasantries. Tormud's normally calm and collected appearance loses its luster as beads of sweat drip down the bull's head, soaking his red and gold vest.

"You've prepared your... ahem... children, I presume?" Tormud asks.

"How could I let down my precious little sister?" Gressil asks, without a hint of camaraderie. His cold, lifeless eyes give no indication of love toward the current reigning emperor of demonkind. "She asked. I delivered."

Tormud wipes his sweaty palms on his billowing, Arabian-like pants. "Truly, you are a kind and generous brother."

Gressil narrows his eyes. "Where is Mephisto?"

The moment Gressil voices his question, a faint, ghostlike specter emerges from the wall beside Hungry. The Obsidian Goblin shrieks in fright at Mephisto's unexpected appearance and nearly loses his grip on the ceiling. He leaps to the opposite wall on his left, where he stares at the Duke of Mist with trepidation. 

"D-Duke Ghost! You big scare me!"

Mephisto glances at the shivering goblin, then rolls his blood-colored eyes. "Nothing worssse than a coward."

Instead of flying over the heads of the orcs and minotaurs, Mephisto lands on the ground with a _click._ His skinless feet clack against the Labyrinth's floor as he turns his body corporeal. Mephisto pushes through the tightly packed bodies of seven and eight foot behemoths without hesitation.

"Ssstep assside, monssstersss..."

Several orcs pause to gape at Mephisto with drool in their mouths before remembering how their feet function. Their brain-dead, turtle-like movements makes Mephisto groan.

"Ssstupid, brainlesss orcsss."

Mephisto hisses like a snake as he speaks. He finally makes his way to the front, where he raises his head to meet Gressil's gaze, some five feet above him.

"Gresssil. Your sssissster tellsss me you've made me a fun toy. How... thoughtful."

Gressil gazes at the Duke of Mist with a strange expression, one resembling a mixture of hatred and disgust. However, no matter the emotions swirling in his mind, Gressil doesn't bother voicing his complaints.

"My children are unruly. Do you have what it takes to control their wild instincts?"

Mephisto rises to his full height of nearly five feet tall. He straightens his posture and tries to look tough, but his skeletal body doesn't nearly come close enough to matching Gressil's dominating demeanor.

"I am the ssstrongessst necromancer who hasss ever lived. I manipulate thousssandsss of ssskeletonsss and undead every day. Do not condessscend to me, _prissson massster_. Know your place."

The orcs and minotaurs stare, wide-eyed, at Mephisto's tiny form. Watching the Duke of Mist confront a demon as intimidating at Gressil sends shivers down their spines. Mephisto's boldness and lack of respect for Gressil makes some of the brighter orcs wonder if the necromancer has a death wish.

"Haha," Gressil laughs coldly. "The strongest necromancer. That's a bold claim, coming from a mere _duke_."

Mephisto bristles at Gressil's taunt. "Implanting sssoulsss into bodiesss isss mere child'sss play. Any fool capable of touching the Nether can sssummon zombiesss and ssskeletonsss mindlesssly. Usssing them to their full potential isss what makesss me sssuperior to _Valac._ That isss why he died ssso many yearsss ago, while I ssstill live."

Gressil's expression contorts as a faint smile appears on his face. "We will see if you have what it takes, _Duke_. One wrong move, and my children will rip apart your cute little army."

Hungry crawls along the wall. He draws a little closer to watch as Gressil motions with his hands and summons a blood-colored marble of mana. The prison warden holds out his palm, allowing the magical bead to hover within Mephisto's reach.

"...Careful," Gressil says, his eyes revealing a hint of menace. "I spent six years honing their killing intent. It's become quite... intense."

Mephisto doesn't hesitate. He snatches the mana orb out of Gressil's hand and begins weaving his own magic into it. "Ksss. Posssture all you wisssh, prissson massster. I wasss the one who ssseized the body of Leviathan, the lassst dragon. Nothing you create will ever compare to the leftover miasssma of- hm?"

Mephisto's eyes flick to the bloody marble hovering between his palms. The Duke of Mist grunts as he tries to forcibly suppress the energy contained within, but his voice becomes strained as he focuses his mind on the task at hand.

"Grgh...! Ksss. Thisss... thisss key isss putting up more of a fight than I expected...!"

Gressil's smile widens. "Haha. Having trouble, _Duke_? Would you like my help?"

"Ssshut your mouth!" Mephisto hisses. He spends another minute pouring his magic into the orb before finally tinting its blood-red color with some of his greyish mana.

"Ksss. That wasss tougher than I expected," Mephisto admits. "But a mere trifle under ordinary circumssstancesss. I could not tap into my mana asss I wissshed... it felt asss if ssssomething wasss suppresssing me."

Gressil's smile disappears.

"Faith's End has that effect on the weak. You still have a long way to go before you can call yourself the 'greatest necromancer.'"

Hungry decides he's seen enough. The little goblin scurries along the wall back to his friends, where he merges back into their ranks seamlessly.

The scrawny goblin picks his nose. "What you see, Hungry? Anything good? Anything fun?"

"Nah, just two demons wavin' their demonhoods around," Hungry says, brushing off his junior's question. "Big bunch of dumb stupids. We gonna move, soon. I bet prison is last stop before we go to Core!"

The goblins chat with one another for a few more minutes. Eventually, Tormud Goldenhorn bellows toward the backlines. "Soldiers, forward! We're going to merge with the main assault force!"

A harpie positioned behind the goblins chirps in annoyance. "Main assault force? I thought _we_ were the main assault force. This is supposed to be my chance for guts and glory!"

"Gypsy, you're such a sadist," A second harpie mutters. "Who cares if we go first or second? We'll kill plenty of humans either way."

"Yeah..." Gypsy mutters. "...But I want to see the looks of terror on the humans' faces when we attack. They're going to piss themselves with fear! They won't know what hit them."

"Don't be so sure," The other Harpie replies. "The humans in the Core are scary. Why, they killed Lord Poloron just last month! They have those weird, faceless armor-suits, and the big guns that make loud noises... I don't want to fight them, but mother wouldn't give me a choice."

"Mother does hate cowards," Gypsy replies, a somber look on her face. "But cheer up, sis! Once we start ripping into that juicy human flesh, our troubles will finally disappear."

Both harpies click their beaks at each other, hoping to boost their morale.

The army moves forward at a steady pace and begins stomping through Faith's End, following Gressil as he and Mephisto lead the monsters toward some unknown destination.

The sounds of prisoners crying and begging for release grow louder and louder every minute. Occasionally, Hungry will glance at a door as he hears a man or a woman whimpering and crying.

"Me wonder if there any cute girlies chained up in here?"

Eventually, the army slows its pace once again, with Gressil and Mephisto having reached their destination. Once everyone comes to a stop, Hungry starts tapping his foot impatiently.

"Jeez! Start, stop, start, stop! Stupid demons always wastin' me precious time! Me gots good grub at home!"

Hungry's friend, the scrawny goblin, merely shrugs nonchalantly. "No big deal. We fight fleshies soon. Who cares if take longer?"

Hungry rolls his eyes. "You too stupid understand, Melter. Me hate wasting time- hm?"

Hungry's gaze flicks toward one of the nearby doors. Unlike all of the others the army has passed so far, this one appears far more heavily fortified, with more than two dozen locks, latches, and bolts preventing its occupant's escape.

Hungry takes a step toward the door. As he does, he notices a wooden plaque hanging on its front, one with a single word scratched onto its surface.

_Forbidden._

"Hm? Hehehe... me wonder what inside here?"

Hungry's curiosity makes him walk toward the door. However, his scrawny friend, Melter, grabs his arm. "No touch! This place Gressil's prison. Don't you remember? Kippo came here, made big mess. Now he dead!"

Hungry frowns. "Me just want take a peek..."

"No, dummy! That door locked up real tight! Whatever inside, you no want see. Gressil kill you!"

At the mention of Gressil's name, Hungry's curiosity dims dramatically.

"Eh! You right. Me not stupid enough to touch door. Me go see what Gressil and Mephisto doing instead!"

Melter relaxes noticeably. "Yeah! Me go with you! Standing around too boring."

The goblins once again leap onto the walls and scurry toward the ceiling. Their eyes flick into the distance, where Gressil and a trembling Mephisto stand in front of an open cell. Odd-sounding slurping and chewing noises emanate from inside, along with the sounds of snapping bones and sinew.

Rather than getting closer, both goblins keep their distance. They strain as hard as possible to hear Gressil and Mephisto's words.

"...cute? I made them exceptionally durable," Gressil says. The prison master's tone remains unemotional and distant, as if he's only describing a meal he ate ten years prior. "The humans will find their 'guns' lackluster against my children's bone armor."

Mephisto takes a step back from the doorway. His expression becomes a mixture of disgust and awe as he gazes at whatever lingers within the cell.

"Ksss. Gresssil, you are truly... a nasssty creature."

"Don't flatter me," Gressil growls. "Now, go. Take my children and leave. I've no interest in how you use them."

Gressil turns to walk away. After he walks a few steps, Mephisto calls out to him. "Ksss, wait! Thessse creaturesss... what ssshould I call them?"

Gressil pauses. His dominant head turns to look at Mephisto.

"Why should I care? Name my children whatever you like."

After a slight pause, a glint appears in Gressil's eyes.

"...However. If I had to pick... I'd call them..."

"...the _Grez._"