Part 137: Digging Up The Past
Part 137: Digging Up The Past

It takes me a moment to adjust to my surroundings as I appear before the bonfire once again. Michael is still gone, but Raphael and Gabriel are here, as is Solomon. Raphael runs his fingers through his beard while staring at the fire, but Gabriel gazes at me with a neutral expression, as if waiting for my verdict.

"How are you feeling?" Solomon asks. "You've been inside my visions for twenty-five real-time minutes. We've nearly reached Tarus III, and the conclusion of my history lesson."

"I'm fine," I mutter. "That battle against Hercules was a bit disorienting, though. Previously, the visions took place inside the mind of one of the demons, angels, or Titans, but you chose to hover me over the battlefield. Why?"

"War is a matter of perspective," Solomon replies. "From one side, a battle will appear like a victory, while the other might perceive it as a loss. Satan's memories fragmented for a while when Hercules took over his mind, and no other combatant was there for the entire battle, so I opted to create a composite view of the battlefield and levitate you above it. Frankly, it ended up being better for displaying a bigger-picture view."

"Why didn't you use that technique sooner?"

Solomon shrugs. "I did not feel it was necessary."

"What about when Satan ate those frigging bugs? Could have spared me, you know."

"Heh," Solomon chuckles. "A little extra protein never hurt anyone."

"Right..."

I pause to flick my eyes toward Raphael.

"Regarding Satan and Samael... in the last vision, your brother wondered if the blame for the angel-demon war might sit at the angels' feet. Do you have anything to say about that?"

Raphael meets my gaze. "I do not. Samael became entrapped by the Devil's black magic. It stands to reason that Satan must have manipulated my brothers' mind to further his ambitions. The brother that I knew would never compromise his principles, nor would he assign blame to his family."

"So... you're saying Satan brainwashed him?"

"'Tis the logical explanation," Raphael says, as he averts his eyes and returns to gazing into the fire. "I would be hard-pressed to call my people blameless, but 'twas the first nasty little demon imp who couldn't appreciate the gifts he'd received who caused all the misery that followed. Had Satan kept his head down and stayed thankful for Heaven's fruits, his people would have lived quite comfortably."

I stare at Raphael for several long moments. Crossing my arms, I groan under my breath. "Ugh. It's astounding you're still able to say stuff like that after everything you've seen. Satan and Samael both thought the angels might be at fault. Their logic is perfectly sound. Why must you adhere to the notion that your people were righteous and just while the demons were pure evil? I see fault on both sides, but yours started the conflict. Angels are the oldest beings in the universe. You should have known better than to stomp on and alienate Uzziel's children."

Gabriel holds his palm up. "We had no way of knowing what might happen. Thou dost forget, young Hero, that thou hath the gift of hindsight. The knowledge of various slave trades and the effects they had on civilizations for millennia afterward was not available to my people as it is to thee. We lacked experience and historical context. Naturally, were we to redo events in the past, the course of history would have played out very differently."

"If you acknowledge that you'd have done things differently, that means you made a mistake the first time around. Why not just admit that much?" 

Raphael furrows his brow. "Thy questions prove quite vexatious, Jason. With the knowledge I possessed back then, I guided my people along the path I thought would best preserve our livelihoods. Naturally, 'tis a simple matter to ascribe modern values and knowledge to past events, but hads't thou walked in our shoes, I suspect thou would have made similar choices."

"Raphael speaks the truth," Solomon says. He smiles at me, but for a moment, I detect a brief glimpse of animosity bubbling in his eyes. "You lived your life within the confines of 'modern' society. You read history books about the evils of slavery, the Holocaust, and many other such events. The angel and demon wars began before human civilizations rose. Trying to fit your narrow viewpoint in the past will only lead to... _misunderstandings_."

Solomon places his hand on my shoulder, but I pull away. "Even without knowledge of the evils of slavery, I think I could figure out a few things might go wrong with making a lesser species my chattel."

Raphael's eyes darken. "Oh? An interesting hypothesis. Let us test that statement out." 

The eldest Archangel leans forward. A glimmer appears in his eyes. "Before thou entered the Cryopod, woulds't ye say that never once did ye participate in the act of enslavement?"

"Of course not."

"Art thou certain?"

Raphael presses the point. I lean back and try to think of anything that comes to mind.

"Well, even in the era I left behind, there were still slave traders in third-world countries. They were all illegal, though. No government sponsored slavery at any official level, and mankind was taking steps to eradicate it permanently."

"Mmm." Raphael nods. A strange smile passes over his face. "I spoke not of enslaving thy fellow humans, but of lesser beings. For example... how about livestock? Dids't thee ever once consume the meat of an animal raised on a farm?"

Shit. So that's where the old man is going with this.

"Well, yes, but I had no control over how those animals were raised. There were factory farms, and there were free-range farms. Some were worse than others, and humans were working to eradicate the worst elements."

Gabriel interjects. "Does it matter what type of farm from which thou obtained meat? Slavery is slavery, Jason. A chicken raised in comfort would end up beheaded and cooked on thy plate, the same as one raised in misery. If thou consumed any form of meat taken from an animal in captivity, thou participated in an act of bondage far worse than my people imposed upon the demons. We did not slaughter the demons for food. We merely asked that they perform tasks for us, in exchange for food and shelter exceeding anything Earth offered."

"Demons were and are sentient. Cows and chickens aren't."

Solomon purses his lips. "You can rationalize these arguments however you like, Jason. The point is, the angels made a mistake, but you aren't blameless, either. Perhaps they could have treated the imps more nicely. Certainly, kicking them around and treating them as inferiors was a terrible sin, one they should never have committed. However, there is a vast historical context you're ignoring in favor of your argument. Were the angels somewhat responsible for the actions of the demons? Yes. Were they entirely to blame? No. The demons made choices, just as the angels did. Of course, we now have further context with regards to the actions of the dark dragon, Leviathan. He manipulated the situation to his advantage and escalated the conflict far beyond what was reasonable."

Solomon continues. "Further, saying that animals are not sentient is ignorance incarnate. I happen to know for a fact that animals have thoughts, feelings, and dreams. Animals are like any of the monsters you'll find in the Labyrinth. Pretending that killing them isn't morally equivalent to enslaving the imps is little more than a gross exercise in hypocrisy."

The ancient King leans back and crosses his arms. He nods, satisfied that he destroyed my argument.

I decide not to retort. Solomon made good points, and he _is_ the Knowledge Seeker, after all. If there were an authority on the nature of the universe, it would be him. 

Even so... I don't like this... this _feeling_ in my gut. I don't like the way the angels behave now, nor their actions during the ancient times. Have their attitudes changed? Have they even once reflected on their history and felt contrite? Not over what fate befell them, but over their actions. I think not. I don't sense much regret in Raphael or Gabriel's words. Even after 100,000 years, they still blame the demons for all their woes.

And, of course... there's the matter of what 'Valac' told me. His shadow, the sliver of his soul which somehow overtook my mind for a brief moment.

_They're lying to you, Jason. The angels wanted my power for themselves._

I'm certain Valac was the one lying. Raphael was the leader of the angels. There isn't a chance he'd desire Valac's power, nor would he use it if it fell into his hands by chance. Unthinkable.

But... there is the plural _they_. _They_ wanted Valac's power. Perhaps, angels beyond Raphael? Michael, perhaps? Michael fits the bill. If anyone were to seek power at all costs, it would be him.

Maybe I'm overthinking things. Valac is a liar, through and through. Believing a demon over the Archangels is beyond stupid, especially when he's the King of All Evil who tortures and maims for fun.

Even if I have a few misgivings, at worst, the angels are the better of two evils. Hell, that's probably selling them short.

...

I turn to my right to see Solomon staring at me. His eyes search my face for a moment, and I suddenly remember he can read my thoughts. I can't read his, though. I wonder what's on his mind?

"Solomon."

Raphael speaks. He pulls the ancient King's gaze away from me.

Solomon turns to look at Raphael. "What is it, old friend?"

Raphael pauses. A look of concern crosses his face, and he hastily pulls out his pipe to smoke.

"Mmm. I have a question for thee. Something has concerned me for a while now... but these recent visions have solidified my thoughts. 'Tis with regards to the knowledge thou possess regarding the demons. Specifically... their memories."

Solomon cocks his head. "I don't follow."

"Understand that I am not accusing thee of anything. However... I must ask how ye came into possession of Satan's memories, Nerissa's, those Titan women, and so on. They died long before thy birth. My understanding was that thy crown took the knowledge and history locked within a person's brain and sealed them within itself... but many of the memories we've seen came from people who never wore thy crown. Therefore, I ask thee now... how dids't thee obtain their memories?"

"Ah," Solomon says. "So that's what you mean. The answer is quite simple. I possess the knowledge and memories of anyone whose body I have touched in some way. The crown is merely an infinite receptacle for all the information I've absorbed."

This time, it's Raphael who looks perplexed. "I... I still do not understand. Even if that were the case, how woulds't thee have obtained Selene's memories? I doubt ye had a chance to touch her."

"I didn't. However, my ability allows me to obtain the memories of not just anyone I touch, but any of the souls they've absorbed. As you know, I once fought Satan and tens of thousands of his minions in Jerusalem. Satan crushed Selene's head, so when I touched him, I absorbed his memories, and those belonging to all the souls inside of him. That included hers."

"Mmm," Raphael murmurs with a nod. "I see. Then... Uzziel's memories...?"

"You brought me to Heaven at one point. I embraced many angels, including her."

Raphael's countenance darkens. Slowly, he pulls the pipe from his mouth. It shakes in his trembling hand.

"What of... what of _my_ memories?"

Solomon purses his lips. "I possess those as well."

Raphael jumps to his feet. "No! Thou must erase them at once! My people's history must stay banished to the past, forever! None must know of it!!"

Once again, a chilling sense of dread bursts from the old man's body. Much like when he confronted Michael, a horrific sensation of fury explodes from all of his pores. I wince as Raphael stomps his foot, enraged. "If thou possesseth knowledge of my people's past, then ye know the dangers our memories hold! Remove them from thy crown at once, SOLOMON!!"

Solomon doesn't flinch. He stares at the old man silently for several long moments before closing his eyes. 

"I apologize, Raphael, but I cannot do that. When I saw the primordial past you speak of, I tried with all my might to erase those memories. However, I cannot erase any information contained within my Crown. Instead, I locked them away and placed them behind a thousand mental barriers. Even if Jason's curiosity were to get the better of him, he would be unable to view them."

Solomon flicks a guilty look toward me. "I'm sorry, Jason, but I withhold the information from you out of affection, not malice. I know telling you not to ask questions is a raw deal, and it will only inflame your curiosity further, but believe me when I say that Raphael has every reason and right to seal the primordial era behind a wall. I regret seeing it. Raphael regrets living through it. No good can come of knowing the events that transpired."

After Solomon finishes his speech, Raphael's agitation decreases noticeably. The old man shakily sits on his log once again. "A-apologies, Solomon. I shouldn't... shouldn't have lost my temper. It's just... when I think of those dark days..."

"I know," Solomon says, his voice a whisper. "I know you wish to forget the past, but your sacrifice will not go unnoticed. Your vigilance to ensure such a catastrophe never happens again will, at the least, be appreciated by me. I will help you bear the load."

While Solomon and Raphael comfort each other, I watch their exchange silently. All of my misgivings come roaring back.

Raphael wants to hide his people's history. Solomon seems more than happy to help. Michael killed two fellow Archangels, _his sisters_. Might that have something to do with what Raphael is hiding?

And what of Valac's words?

Gah! I'm missing pieces of this puzzle. I can't solve it, and I'm not sure I even want to try. What awful thing could have happened that made Raphael erase everyone's memories?! Why, upon witnessing said event, would he choose to keep his? Why would Solomon stay complacent?!

Solomon is right when he says that telling me not to ask questions only makes more of them flare up in my mind. My curiosity is burning like the goddamned sun. All I can think about is what the hell happened that freaked Raphael and Solomon out so much. It's driving me crazy!

"Hrm."

Solomon clears his throat.

"Let us continue. Jason, the War in Heaven is the next event I plan to show you. I'd like to explain more regarding what happens afterward, but that can wait for another day. Your spaceship is nearing Tarus II, and we're running out of time for stories."

I shove my misgivings deep into the pit of my stomach. Even if I ask, neither Solomon nor Raphael will give me the answers I seek. There's no point in wasting words. All I can do is try not to dwell on horrible secrets that may or may not undermine the very fabric of my reality. That's not a disturbing thought at all.

"Fine. Let's finish these visions up, already."

Solomon opens his mouth to speak, but pauses a moment before saying anything. "I understand you're unhappy, right now... all I can say is that I'm trying to protect not only you, but the rest of the galaxy as well. I won't apologize for upholding my convictions, and neither should you."

I nod. "Yeah. Sounds fine."

"Jason..."

"What? I'm agreeing with you."

"Yes, but the tone of your voice... never mind. Let's prepare the next batch of visions."

Solomon sighs.

"Regarding the second half of the battle against Hercules, I will continue to use such a perspective for the upcoming battles. However, I think it would be best if the Archangels and myself stood beside you and offered our thoughts. The War in Heaven was a massive, complex event. We would be happy to answer any questions you might have."

I retort immediately. "_Any_ questions?"

"Bloody hell, Jason."

"I'm just kidding."

"No. You're not."

Solomon groans and looks away. The look on his face tells me everything I need to know. He's starting to get annoyed by my persistence. 

Well, I can't help myself. When someone puts a big red button in front of me and tells me never to press it, my entire body screams that I absolutely _must_ press it at all costs. I'm human. It's the way the Creator wired me. I can't help my stupid monkey instincts. Even now, I'm not so sure Solomon is doing the right thing by not letting me in on Raphael's secret.

Just tell me! Tell me what happened!!

_Fuck it. Move on, Jason. Breathe. Inhale, exhale._

I sigh. "Let's get a move on."

Solomon nods. He forces a neutral expression, but I immediately detect dozens of emotions bubbling beneath his surface.

"Yes. _Let's._"