Part 103: Lies, Damned Lies, and Destiny
Part 103: Lies, Damned Lies, and Destiny

"Jason! Jason, are you alright?!"

I wake up on my back. Solomon hovers over me, along with all three Archangels. They scan my face, looking for signs of distress.

Ugh. The top of my head throbs like a motherfucker. What happened?"

The Archangels pull back, giving me space. Solomon rises to his feet. "You're lucky to be alive. The moment I initiated the vision, when you went under, a predatory being appeared inside your body's mana. I lost all contact with you for twelve seconds. It started overtaking your mental functions, and I had to initiate a mana burn to irradiate it. My apologies if your head hurts. I may have gone too far in trying to scorch the intruder out."

I carefully pull myself to my feet, wincing the whole time. "Twelve seconds? You're kidding. That vision was at least thirty minutes long."

"Time perception, Jason. The deeper you are in a dream, the slower time moves in reality. Anyway, you're lucky I was able to pull you back. If you had stayed there for five more seconds..."

Solomon trails off, leaving the implication to hang in the air.

"What would have happened?" I ask.

"I'm not sure. It would have likely reduced your lifespan by several decades. Beyond that, I can't say. I've never encountered anything like it in all my years, nor has anyone in my memory library."

A moment passes. I sweep my hair back and glance at the angels. 

Valac's words echo in my mind.

I turn back to Solomon. "So, ah... while I was inside the vision... the vision of Valac, I mean..."

I pause, unsure of how to explain.

"...Valac came to life. He started speaking to me."

Solomon's expression turns screwy. "He came to life? It may have been a hallucination caused by brain damage."

"I don't, ah, think so. Valac knew things he shouldn't. The whole ordeal was pretty unnerving."

Solomon stares at me for a moment, flicks his gaze to Raphael, then back to me. "Hmm. Well, truthfully, the thing in your mind reminded me of a soul. It wasn't complete. It felt more like the chipped edge of someone's soul than a complete picture, but..."

Slowly, Solomon raises his hand to his neatly trimmed beard. His expression hardens as he strokes the black hairs on his chin over and over.

"...That would be impossible. Valac died in the Ancient Era. You must have seen something else."

"Or _someone_ else," Raphael mutters.

"I don't know. The Valac I saw seemed identical to the one in the visions you showed me. I don't think he was a figment of my imagination. You're dismissing the thought awfully fast."

Solomon shakes his head. "I'm not. Anything is possible. Satan came back to life after a hundred thousand years in purgatory. Valac, though... I doubt it was him."

Solomon pauses for a moment, then waves his hand flippantly.

"There are many demons with a variety of terrifying abilities, Jason. Ose, for example, can control people's bodies and take over their minds. I wouldn't assume Valac has returned just yet, especially when the soul I saw could have belonged to anyone."

Michael clears his throat. "Ahem. More importantly, how could someone have placed an errant soul inside of the Hero? I think that's the question we should be asking. There shouldn't be many demons alive who can do such a thing."

I nod. "Good question. I mean, maybe it wasn't Valac. When he started talking to me, he didn't do the whole rhyming thing. He _did_ do it earlier in the vision, though..."

"So it could have been anyone," Solomon says. A wave of relief passes over his face. "Nothing would terrify me more than the return of the Grim Reaper. Satan, as terrifying as he was, couldn't rip through an enemy's defenses and tear their soul out. Such unthinkable power belongs only to the damned."

"And the accursed," Raphael adds. "I would wager that Ose's brain-meddling had something to do with Jason's soul-violator. Pay the vision no mind, Jason. The ramblings of demons have about the same worth as mine."

All three Archangels breathe a sigh of relief and wander over to their logs. While they do, I stare at their backs. Many thoughts swirl in my mind.

Solomon squints at me. "Is something bothering you?"

"Well... it's what 'Valac' said about, err, the angels. I dunno. Maybe I'm overthinking what I saw."

Solomon closes his eyes. A moment passes as he concentrates. A tingling at the back of my mind indicates his probing of my memories.

"Mmm." Solomon opens his eyes. He pulls me aside and lowers his voice so the Archangels can't hear. "I think I understand. Valac's comments about the angels and the heroes... you wonder if he was right."

I nod. "Yeah. I mean, he's a demon, so I can't give him too much credence... correct?"

"It's always good to ask questions, Jason. A healthy dose of skepticism never hurt anyone. If you want my opinion, I agree with you that the angels mistreated the imps. I agree that, in a way, the angels 'started' the conflict with the imps. However, there is a matter of justifiable force, wouldn't you agree?"

I cock an eyebrow. "Justifiable force? Explain."

"The angels shoved the imps around. They treated the imps like their inferiors. However, when Satan and his cronies gained incredible power from Leviathan, they didn't negotiate for reparations. Instead, the newly-arisen demons turned to the path of violence. They slew a hundred Cherubs, and Satan's actions directly led to the death of Samael. Wouldn't you agree that was far worse than what the angels did?"

Ten seconds pass. Twenty. Thirty.

I lower my gaze and carefully consider Solomon's words.

_Angels created the dragons. Then, they forced a war with their creations. The same thing happened again with the Titans. It wasn't clear who initiated each conflict, but one thing always stayed true. The angels created a new species to be their inferiors, and eventually ended up at war with them._

_All things considered, Solomon is right. The imps responded to the angels with violence, escalating the conflict. Even so, they were a young species, angry at those who mistreated them. The imps were like juveniles, irrational and uncertain of how to right the wrongs committed against them. Most of the blame lies on Satan's shoulders too, given how he manipulated the rest._

_I don't know. The whole issue is too complex for me to analyze. I don't see either side as being in the right, no matter how they try to twist the past to their advantage._

Solomon nods. "Good, good. I hear the doubt in your mind. As one who seeks knowledge, I understand that tough questions have tough answers. Once you factor in the bloodthirsty nature of the demons, you'll come to see that the angels were not the aggressors Valac painted them to be."

I wet my lips. "What about the idea that Heroes are puppets? What did Valac mean by that?"

"The universe is complex, Jason. When we reach the War in Heaven, everything will make sense to you. I promise."

"Even what Valac said about Heroes?"

The ancient king sighs. "Heroes are the balancers of nature. We exist to ensure the safety of all life. In our absence, chaos follows. You need only look at the universe's current situation to understand that fact. The demons and Volgrim rule the universe, now. They wiped out the angels and enslaved our species. With that in mind, you can understand how important Heroes are to maintaining the balance of power."

Not wanting to argue anymore, I nod wearily. "Sure. That makes sense."

Solomon pats my back. "Good, good. If you have other questions, we can continue this discussion later."

Both of us turn to face the Archangels. Michael frowns at me. "Thy vision seems to have disturbed thee. Dost thee requireth a break before we continue?"

"No. I'm... I'm fine. The demon was persuasive, but it's easy to twist the truth around as needed. I'll stop thinking about Valac's words eventually."

Raphael nods. An uneasy look appears in his eyes, though I can't be sure if it's only my imagination. "We must return to the visions, then. Soon, we'll arrive at the War in Heaven."

I cross my arms. "I've heard it referenced many times. What's so important about that war, specifically?"

Gabriel rubs his palms together in a circular motion. "There were only three instances of full-scale war between angels and demons. The first was when the demons launched their initial assault to recover their brothers in Heaven. The second was the War in Heaven, a cataclysmic event that destroyed the balance of power."

"And the third?"

Raphael answers. "The final battle was one which wiped out the remainder of my people at the end of the Energy Wars. While the humans engaged in battle with the Volgrim, the demons launched an attack against us. We fought valiantly, but Satan stood strong at the apex of his power. We perished."

Solomon closes his eyes. "Not much more to say than that, I'm afraid."

A cloud of sorrow hangs over the Archangels. Each one stares into the fire as their thoughts swirl around like a hurricane, dwelling on those they've lost and those they'll never see again.

I can't begin to imagine the weight of their losses.

Solomon ignores the crippling depression bubbling within each Archangel. "Well, Jason, based on your memories, that vision you saw was the correct series of events. Valac slew four Titans in under a minute, and thanks to the power of their souls, he began to thirst for more. The bit at the end was the only embellishment, so as long as you ignore that, you're nearly caught up on the important history."

"What else happened?"

"Very little worth mentioning. Over the next hundred and twenty years, Lucifer bred dozens of broodmothers, which spawned thousands of imps. The initial experiments created several demon variants, and a few rose through the ranks to become quite powerful. Agares and Vepar, for instance, increased their abilities thanks to Lucifer's magic."

"You mean Leviathan's, right?"

"Of course. Beyond Lucifer's work and Valac's psychopathic murder-spree, the demons kept to the shadows and focused on improving their underground cave network."

Solomon begins to form magic signs with his hands, but pauses.

"Hmm. Before I send you off, I should double-check for any... _irregularities_. We don't want a repeat of last time."

"Yeah, let's be a little more cautious for this jump."

---

**[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQ6ZOys1jl4)**

_CLANG._

_CLANG._

_CLANG._

The sound of metal smashing against metal echoes inside Camael's forge. For the first time in Solomon's visions, I appear in her mind and gaze upon her handiwork as she slams a hammer against a red-hot sword.

Camael pounds and flips the sword, folding and heating it over and over. Despite the time and effort, not a drop of sweat appears on her brow. The several-hundred-degree temperature in the room barely affects her as she focuses entirely on her task at hand.

_The ultimate weapon._

Camael's thoughts bubble in her mind, allowing me to hear what she's thinking.

_My visions grow darker, night after night: torture and pain, sadness, and agony. Short have the days become. Long has it been since I enjoyed a soothing dream. I must finish Excalibur. The fate of Earth depends on it._

_CLANG._

_CLANG._

_CLANG._

Camael's gaze hardens as she plunges the sword into a vat of water.

_This sword has a long way to go. The mana it possesses must be enough to obliterate any threat I face, no matter the cost. I pray that my family never learns how dire my dreams have become. They would fall into darkness, just as I have._

Camael lifts Excalibur and gazes at the charcoal-black weapon, scrunching up her face in disgust.

_Two paths formerly lay before us, but now only one remains. In recent decades, not once have I dreamt of a peaceful future. I see bodies piled into the sky. Brothers and sisters crying out my name. Terror stretched across the faces of those I love. Is this the fate of my people? Is this the future awaiting us?_

Camael snarls viciously and stabs the sword into her forge, reheating it once again.

_I cannot bear to tell them. I wish to see Uriel smile and laugh, Uzziel to dance and play, and for all the others to enjoy what time they have left._

_Nobody in my family would understand. The demons are our creation. They will rain upon us like fire from the sky. We will stand proud when they come, only to fall back, begging and screaming for mercy._

_The demons will show no sympathy to us, nor will we deserve it._

Camael stares stoically into the forge, even as a tear drips down her face. She crushes the voices in her mind and wipes her eye, hardening her resolve again.

_If we cannot win, then we will fight with all our might. We will unleash all the power we can muster and put on a display for our descendants. Future beings will write songs about us and tell tales of how the angels stood resolute in the face of an unstoppable enemy. The demons might take our lives, but they will never take our dignity._

After a minute, Camael yanks the sword out and begins pounding it with her hammer.

_CLANG._

_CLANG._

_CLANG._

...

Outside, the sound of heavy footsteps catches Camael's attention. She pauses to gaze at the door.

_He's arrived._

Her inner voice, sure as ever, announces the appearance of an unknown man. Two seconds later, someone yanks her door open. A thin male angel with sunken eyes waves his hand. "Sister Camael! I bring important news!"

Camael barely looks at him. "Brother Shepherd. You must be referring to the visitors."

"Yes! Two of them, and they- huh? Huh? They've only just arrived at Heaven's entrance. How dids't thee learn of their arrival...?"

"I saw them in my dream last night. Well, since our guests have arrived, I'll head to Elderium."

Shepherd nods. "Aye, Raphael requests thy presence at once. Shall I fly ahead and inform him of thy coming?"

"No need. I'm finished, anyway. This damned sword takes forever to fold..."

Shepherd's eyes follow mine to the weapon held firmly in my left hand. "Ah... Is that thy newest creation, the Shattering Blade? I've heard rumors of late regarding how thou dost keep overworking thyself and passing out in the forge... surely thy body needn't stress over making a simple weapon..."

Camael's gaze hardens. "Worry not about the splinter in my eye, but the stake in thine. I know full well what I am doing. Begone. I will travel to the Temple of Elderium as soon as I can."

The young angel pales. "O-of course, eldest sister. I meant thee no disrespect. I'll take my leave."

The door slams shut, and Shepherd vanishes, leaving Camael alone with her thoughts.

The Archangel stares silently at Excalibur for twenty seconds before plunging it into the water and hanging it on the wall.

"If only the others could understand..."

...

Minutes later, Camael soars through the sky toward the Temple of Elderium. She swoops down and lands smoothly on the front steps, dusts her armor off, and heads inside.

Elderium, usually bustling with activity, is dead silent. Hundreds of angels gather inside and stare breathlessly at two wingless newcomers, each of whom stands ten feet tall. Gabriel, of course, towers four feet above them, but compared to the rest of the angels, the humanoids appear quite massive.

Camael walks past her brothers and sisters lining the hall. The crowd of onlookers gently spill open before her as she walks, allowing their eldest sister to head toward the two guests without shoving through the crowd.

"-your pardon, Raphael, but my father is in a rush. Zeus has much work to do, uniting the Titans against this demonic threat. We don't have time to barter and bargain about how you'll assist us. We'll allow you entry into Earth to come and go as you please. That should be enough."

Camael strides up to a large table with a dozen chairs surrounding all of its sides. All of the other Archangels sit quietly around the two visitors, and as Camael takes her seat beside Michael, across from the newcomers, I get a good look at them.

The one who spoke a moment ago is a giant, muscular man, with a clean-shaven face, a circlet of gold around his forehead, and dark black shoulder-length hair.  His muscled body gives me the impression he could shatter concrete and bend steel with the slightest effort from his pinky fingers. His clothing is a mixture of ornate gold and white robes, with a silver belt securing everything to his waist.

To his left sits a beautiful woman, with long, poofy black hair, a cute purple dress, and a golden bracelet with several emeralds embedded inside. She smiles at me as I take a seat.

"Camael, Archangel of Divination. It is our pleasure to finally meet you."

Gabriel, seated to the left of the female visitor, coughs into his fist. "Ah, sister, our guests are Hercules, son of Zeus, grandson of Cronus. The lovely flower beside him is his wife, Megara."

Camael nods. "I am aware. I dreamed of thy arrival several nights ago. I am also aware of the situation on Earth."

Raphael, seated to the right of Hercules, smiles politely. "Is that so? That saves us the trouble of explaining."

Michael snaps his fingers to get everyone's attention. "Ahem. Back to the topic at hand. Hercules, if thy father expects us to offer our assistance simply for the right to walk Earth, he is sorely mistaken. Our mana is lower than ever. We're worried enough about the demons attacking us any day now. Uzziel hasn't had any luck creating new servants to breathe mana into our veins. Thy problems were caused by thy unwillingness to cooperate a century ago."

Hercules sighs. "That's where you're wrong, Michael. While Cronus slept soundly, a lone demon tore across Earth and slaughtered over three thousand Titans. My cousin, Loki, died on his wedding day as that single foul creature slew him, his husband, and their entire entourage. I, too, might have died, had I not been too busy to attend. For a single creature to slay a hundred Titans in a single day, its power must dwarf that of the Archangels. We must work together if we are to stop this menace."

Hercules crosses his arms. "Do not concern yourselves with Cronus's lethargic, slothful movements. After my father found out about Cronus's incompetence as a leader, he slew the Titan King in a fit of rage."

Camael blinks in surprise. "Cronus is dead?"

Hercules' expression darkens. "Aye. Never have the Titans had another leader. I, too, felt disturbed when I discovered my father murdered my grandfather. However, given Cronus's inability to protect his fellow Titans and warn us of the demonic threat, many accepted Cronus's death with only a slight bitterness in their mouths. Of what use is a king who cares nothing for his subjects?"

A moment passes. Camael glances around the table at the faces of everyone present. Uriel and Uzziel sit quietly at the end of the table, listening intently. Michael bows his head, likely cursing himself for not defeating Cronus in glorious combat. Gabriel and Raphael shoot looks at each other, trading information through their eyes. They both nod, as if to confirm something between themselves.

Gabriel raps his fingers on the stone table. "Hercules. Megara. If I may counter thy offer, I have a request. I would be willing to offer my people's assistance in eliminating the demons, but thou must first do my people a small favor."

Hercules frowns. "And what would that be?"

"We need mana. The angels are at death's door. If we go any longer without replenishing our reserves, we'll die from atrophy. Even now, we're already spreading ourselves too thinly."

Megara purses her lips. Hercules seems to want to say 'no,' at least until his wife nudges him. "That seems reasonable. If Zeus intends to let bygones be bygones, then I don't see why we can't support our new allies. Our mana restores under sunlight, anyway."

The ten-foot Titan male glances at his wife, annoyance etched on his face. However, when she glares back at him in a _do this, or else_ way, he relents.

"Fine. I'll see what I can do. However, you must understand, we need all the strength we can muster. Nobody has ever seen Valac and lived to tell the tale. We only know his name because of the blood-etched letters he leaves behind after every massacre. It churns my stomach."

"We've seen him," Gabriel says. "He slew a hundred Cherubs in a matter of minutes. I'm not certain what his energy output is, but if he can reap souls..."

"Then he is our number one target," Raphael says, finishing Gabriel's sentence. "Give us mana, Hercules. We will not lead thee astray in our quest to restore balance to the Earth."

The young Titan smiles, but his expression is lethargic and forced. "R-right. Any assistance you can offer would be appreciated. Well, as fun as this meeting has been, I must return at once. My people-"

Hercules stops mid-sentence as Megara grabs his arm. "My love! Surely you will give them energy now? I will too, as a show of good faith."

Hercules grunts. A look of unease passes over his face as he glances at the several hundred angels crowding around the table.

"Worry not," I say. "Thou art our guests. We would never harm thee when thou cometh in peace. The ancient wars are old history. We would gladly wash away the past without a second thought."

Hercules nods, but he appears less than enthusiastic about giving his energy to the angels. "Of... of course. It's just- my grandfather told me many stories about the ancient times."

"Oh? Did he?" Raphael asks. "Surprising, given Cronus had no memory of the Primordial Era. I wouldn't put much stock in his words. I alone am the sole person possessing memories of the Titan and Dragon Wars."

Hercules frowns. "Hm. Well, Cronus _was_ awfully drunk when he spoke about the ancient times..."

Uriel breaks her silence with a chuckle. "Heh, it sounds like thy grandfather saw a few ghosts in his old age."

"Hah. You're not wrong..."

Hercules trails off. A few seconds pass. He coughs, then motions with his hands, and lightly touches Raphael's arm. 

"There. I've given you about half of my energy. Megara?"

The Titaness nods, motions with her hands, and gently grasps Gabriel's shoulder. The massive Archangel blushes at her touch, revealing a hint of the indecent thoughts in his mind. 

"Oh, my. Your arms are nearly as big as my husband's," Megara says, winking at him.

Gabriel quickly looks away. "Ah, they _do_ call me the Archangel of Power."

Hercules rolls his eyes. "Stop flirting with our hosts, Meg. You're embarrassing me."

"Your jealousy is showing again," Megara replies with a smirk.

A few minutes later, Uzziel and Uriel leave with the Titans to show them to Heaven's Gate. The rest of the Archangels stay behind at the table to discuss a few remaining matters.

"I don't trust those Titans," Michael says, surprising nobody. "They're too hesitant to give us energy. They can regenerate their mana within a day, yet they didn't think to offer it to us immediately? Surely I'm not the only one who sees through their lies."

"Michael..." Camael mutters. "I acknowledge thy concern, but the Titans are in a dire position. This news might surprise thee, but fewer than thirty thousand of them remain. Their numbers have dwindled significantly since the ancient wars. They're in no position to backstab us."

"Thirty thousand?" Gabriel raises an eyebrow. "Unthinkable. Their numbers once dwarfed ours. What changed?"

"Infighting. Blood battles. Violent sport. The Titans spend most of their time sleeping or fighting one another for territory. I think Valac's appearance has sent a lightning bolt of fear through them. Before, they knew Cronus would step in if their bloodthirsty ways threatened their survival. Now, with him gone and Zeus in command, this skinless demon is their worst nightmare."

Camael goes quiet for a moment. 

When she speaks again, her voice wavers. "I... I have seen a vision recently..."

Gabriel nods. A look of trepidation appears in his eyes. "And?"

The Archangel of Divination taps her lip and gazes into Gabriel's eyes for several long moments.

"According to my foresight, if we do not help the Titans, they will perish. Our deaths will follow. Saving them is the only course of action that will ensure our survival."

Gabriel exhales. "Ah. 'Tis fortunate that thy visions are here to guide us, sister."

Michael sighs. "If Camael's visions say we must help the Titans, then so we will. Far be it for me to stand against the architect of destiny."

The Archangel of Courage rises to his feet. "Brothers. Sisters. I take my leave."

Michael flaps his wings and departs. The other angels in the temple begin plodding away too, now that the formalities are over.

Raphael strokes his beard. "Beloved sister, is something the matter? Thy expression could wilt the fairest rose. Long has it been since I saw thee languishing in such pain."

Camael stiffens. Her body tenses up as she notices Raphael's wizened eyes evaluating her countenance.

"I haven't slept well as of late. Please excuse me, Raphael. I must return to my forge."

"Very well. Peace be upon thee, little sister."

Raphael tilts his head ever so slightly. Camael rises and heads toward the door, leaving her brothers behind.

Her thoughts are a torrent of anguish.

_I lied to everyone. To my brothers. My sisters. They believe me when I say that helping the Titans will save us... but no such future awaits. We can only delay the inevitable. How am I to tell them? I cannot. They mustn't know. Hope is the only thing we have left. Without it, we will fall into despair._

Camael's metal greaves scrape against her armor as she saunters toward Elderium's entrance. With a mighty flap of her wings, she soars into the sky to return to her forge.

_Excalibur. I must complete it. It alone has the might to extinguish the demonic menace forever._

Somehow, despite the sincerity of her inner voice, I doubt her words.

Excalibur won't save them. The Archangel of Divination alone bears the burden of knowing what will happen to her people... and she cannot stop it.

Fate is inevitable.