Phoebe finished soldering a new component onto the front of her truck just as Samantha bounced over to her. She beamed Phoebe a smile filled with sunshine and kittens. "Hey, Phoebe! What are you up to?"

Standing on a stool hunched over her truck, Phoebe glanced through her welding mask at her scantily-clad figure only to quickly avert her eyes a moment later. _Lord have mercy._ Phoebe thought.

"I've been working on a new project. Ever since that demon attacked the Core, I realized I needed a way to contact Jason."

Samantha's smile vanished. "Beelzebub won't bother you again. I made sure of that."

"So you say," Phoebe replied. "If it's alright with you though... I need to see Jason. I built a device to monitor his spiritual energy..."

Samantha leaned against the truck, standing on her tiptoes to see the Temporal Modulator Phoebe had built. "A device? You aren't snooping on him, are you?"

Phoebe shook her head and pulled Hoarhiim's glowing orb from a bag at her side. "This is his orb-friend. The two of them have a spiritual connection. I'm using Hoarhiim's energy to locate Jason. I have a gadget that can track him anywhere, and see when his spiritual energy levels dip. That should mean he's in a battle, or worse..."

Samantha narrowed her eyes. "So you _are_ snooping on him. Can't the man have a little privacy?"

Phoebe activated her solder again. "I suppose. I'm... I'm a little worried. I haven't seen Jason in two months. What if demons took him prisoner and all his messages proclaiming his wellbeing were lies? What if he gets in a bad fight and dies? I won't even know!"

Samantha slid her body from the side of the truck over to Phoebe, hunched over the hood. "You worry about him a lot. What do you get out of your relationship?"

Phoebe paused and held the soldering iron away from her newest creation. "Um... I don't know. Nothing, I guess?"

Samantha eased a little closer to Phoebe and her stool. She reached up and touched Phoebe's back. "Nooothing at all? Not even a little fun on the side?"

"Fun? What do you mean?"

Her finger started tracing a circle on Phoebe's back, sending a shiver down her spine. "You two are an I-T-E-M, right? Come on, tell me a little about your relationship."

Sighing, Phoebe set the solder down and pried her mask off. "Ahh, well... it's a long story. Um. Jason defeated Bahamut, and afterward, when her magic dissipated—"

Immediately, Samantha interrupted her. "Wait, hold on. I thought Kar killed her! Isn't he the Sphinx?"

Phoebe winced, wondering if it was okay to tell Samantha what happened.

_What if Neil's right? She might be gathering intel. I shouldn't answer all of her questions, should I?_ Phoebe thought.

_Well, I've already said too much. Can't stop now..._

"Kar is the Sphinx, yes, but Jason solved the Sphinx's Riddle. He did it quickly, too. In under a minute."

"I see." Samantha crept a little closer, wrapping an arm around Phoebe's legs. Since Phoebe was standing on a stool, Samantha couldn't reach higher comfortably, but...

"Err, getting a little close, aren't you?"

She winked. "Men are always causing trouble and getting in fights... but we ladies know how to treat each other with compassion and tender loving care. Don't you think so?"

"Uh... um..." Phoebe fumbled with the soldering iron for a moment. "I'm, uh... I don't really..."

"You don't swing that way? Are you suuure?" Samantha's tail flicked around as she cocked her head questioningly. "How do you know if you've never tried?"

"Nngh... I can't, though. I love Jason."

The succubus pulled away, a sad expression clouding her face. "Oh. It's like that, huh? With a heart as big as yours, I thought maybe you'd have room for two in there."

"Two? A-at once? God forbids polygamy!"

Samantha tapped her soft, red lips. "Mmm. I'm a demon, so I don't care what 'God' has to say. Besides, I've met a few 'Gods.' They were nothing special. Neither were the Archangels."

"I beg your pardon?"

Samantha turned and leaned back against the truck, crossing her arms. "Aren't you aware? The Gods and Angels were flesh and blood beings. I met several of them. My only impressions were that they were all corrupt and power-hungry."

"I thought there was only one God. No, forget that, even if there were several, how could you _meet_ a god?"

"Unless you're referring to the Creator specifically, several gods existed. Zeus, Cronos, Athena, to name a few. They called themselves Titans, but humans referred to them as gods."

Her words didn't register properly in Phoebe's mind. "But... when I went to church as a little girl, they said—"

"Oh, yes, _church_. That explains it." Samantha nodded knowingly, her smile gone. "Full of liars and con-artists. I met a few Popes in my lifetime. Slept with them, too. Try and disregard anything you ever learned from a church. Most of their crap beliefs were designed to suck you dry—in more ways than one."

Feeling uncomfortable about the topic, Phoebe didn't bother pressing further. Instead, she grabbed the blowtorch and lowered her faceplate. "Right. Well, I need to finish soldering this modulator. I'm leaving soon."

"Leaving? To where?" Samantha immediately rebounded, smiling sweetly at Phoebe. "Going to see your man?"

Phoebe nodded. "Mhm. Jason's spiritual energy has been fluctuating dramatically over the last few days, and before that, it was on a steady downward decline. I'm worried about him."

Samantha eyed Phoebe for a moment. "I'll come with you."

"Huh? Why?"

She waved her hand flippantly. "I don't care at all about this Jason guy, but you're different. If you're going to see him, that means you'll be in the Labyrinth." Samantha lowered her voice. "It's dangerous to go alone, especially for a pretty human woman. You don't know the things a demon will do if he finds you."

Phoebe's throat cracked. "I can imagine."

"Your imagination isn't good enough." Samantha looked away and fanned out her fingernails. "You know... I'm older than almost any other demon alive today. I remember the Ancient Era, the War in Heaven, and the time before that. I've seen things I try not to dwell on."

"Like... like what?"

"Do you want to know?" She quickly turned her head to look at Phoebe. "Answer truthfully."

A moment passed. Phoebe turned back to her soldering iron and started putting the finishing touches down. "I do."

Samantha shuddered and looked away. "Succubi and incubi were and still are the weakest of demons, even pureblood ones like myself. Powerful demons would capture and ravish my friends. Humans, once they began developing more efficient weaponry, would raid demon dens. They would slay any inside... except for succubi."

She paused. "I remember when we found the body of one incubus. He'd been tied to a table and violated for a month straight by the women of the court. The soldiers gutted him and left him there to rot afterward. He was unlucky, though many females had it worse."

Samantha steeled her face as unpleasant memories came flowing from the past, unbidden.

"Sam... I'm sorry. Humans are..."

"Don't say that." Samantha forced a smile. "Humans were hardly the only ones at fault. The demons were just as bad, sometimes worse." She swallowed hard. "One thing I'll give the angels and gods, at least they never defiled succubi and incubi as the other sentients did. There's always a silver lining. All you have to do is search carefully."

Phoebe didn't laugh. Neither did Samantha.

Setting aside her solder, Phoebe hopped down from the stool and faced her. She felt slightly awkward, but eventually, she reached over and wrapped her arms around Samantha.

"I'll never hurt you, Sam. If anyone here does, I'll tear them apart. Okay?"

The succubus shuddered slightly, but forced a laugh as she embraced Phoebe back. "Hah. F-finally. All I had to do to get you in my arms was drudge up all those horrible memories."

Phoebe laughed too. "Yeah. Sorry about that."

As they held each other, a thought sprouted in Phoebe's mind.

_Sam smells nice. Like the salty breeze on the coast, or a field of flowers on a mid-summer day._ Phoebe thought.

Pulling away, Phoebe blushed. "Say... um. Succubus powers don't work on people of the same sex... do they?"

"Hm. I wonder."

"Sam!"

Samantha shook her head and smiled innocently. "I don't believe so, Phoebe. I'll let you get back to your truck. Tell me when you're ready to go."

"I will," Phoebe replied.

Phoebe started to turn away, but Samantha leaned over and pecked her on the cheek. "For good luck."

It took all of Phoebe's willpower not to kiss Samantha back.

_God have mercy on me, a sinner._ Phoebe thought.
