"What am I looking at?" 

My words enter a void. A bubble of images surrounds me, as if I've materialized inside of a snowglobe, looking outward. The outside world appears distorted and difficult to perceive.

Hoarhiim's voice responds in my mind. "I will  take you on a journey through my memories, back to when my brother and I had been much closer than we are now. Back when we first met Amelia."

I squint to peer at the world outside, which seems as distant as stars in the sky, yet also a.s if I could reach out and touch it. "So, back then, was this _before_ you and Blaarjiim became orbs, or has that always been a thing?"

Hoarhiim pauses for a while. "I do not know. The existence I remember has always been my current form. Sometimes, I see flashes and images of people I no longer recognize, but they are as foreign to me as the demons are to you. Now, focus, Jason, and allow me to show you a side of Amelia you may not expect."

Hoarhiim arrives beside me. The form he takes is that of a transparent shimmer in the air, vaguely human in shape, yet hardly defined enough to be anything more than a hallucination. Hoarhiim aims his palm forward, and the images surrounding us disappear. "I apologize for the murky picture. What you are looking at is my view of the world. I perceive reality in a sphere around my orb. However, I can interpret my vision in a manner you will more easily understand."

"That'd be great, thanks," I say with a chuckle. "So you're going to show me Amelia's past?"

"No, mine. It just so happens that Amelia always took my brother and me along with her. Despite bringing me along, she never once attempted to wield my power. Considering I am a being of the light, and her darkness was incompatible with my aura, I can only guess at her intentions. If I had to surmise, I would say... loneliness. Yes, that was likely the reason she kept me at her side."

I nod, and with a wave of his hand, Hoarhiim changes the world around us. The sphere of images instantly shifts into a flat screen, not unlike a projected picture in a movie theater. The Labyrinth's walls immediately stand out to me, given I've lived for the last few days always engulfed by them. Just seeing them again gives me the creeps. 

_After I finish my business on Tarus II; I'll have to return to the Labyrinth. Oh boy, that sure sounds appealing._

The walls move a few inches closer, but then further away, then closer again, repeatedly, over and over. It's as if I'm standing on a pendulum, watching the walls come and go.

"What's up with this picture?"

Hoarhiim clears his throat. "Amelia always carried Blaarjiim in her hand, but dangled me in a pouch at her waist, not unlike what you do now."

"Sorry." I apologize, but don't know why.

Several minutes pass. As the walls roll past and Amelia slowly walks forward, I crane my neck to see if I can see the path up ahead. "Hoarhiim, not to be a Debbie Downer, but all I see are walls. Can you, maybe, possibly, adjust the orientation?"

Hoarhiim stares ahead at the walls blankly for several moments. He shakes his head. "Hm? What did you say?"

"The orientation. We're looking smack at a wall." I scrutinize his face for a few moments, though I still can't make out any details. "Are you okay?"

Hoarhiim waves his finger and the view rotates forward so we can see in front of Amelia. I can finally see the black fabric of her dress now, though not much else beyond that. "Apologies. I accidentally skipped forward and relived the memory ahead of time. Ah. Let's move on." The deity of pure light crosses his arms and shakes his head again, but much more slowly this time. "Maybe it was for the best," he mutters.

The bland, empty halls of the Labyrinth seem darker than usual. I can barely see anything, even with Hoarhiim's orb in Amelia's pocket. Before I can ask why, Amelia rounds a corner, and the flat walls of the Labyrinth begin to change dramatically. Instead of a brown, earthen color, they become black and grey and turn into jagged rocks. Even the floor loses it's flat, easily traversable texture. Irregular edges of rock stick up here and there and Amelia's knees wobble as she tentatively puts each foot down, searching for the best places to step.

"Where are we?" I wonder aloud.

Hoarhiim answers. "This is a sublevel of the Labyrinth. Amelia was a rather _greedy_ person during this period of Hell's history. She pursued anything that caught her fancy, and since the Labyrinth suffered a chaotic power struggle for hundreds of years after she killed Satan, the demons and monsters couldn't form a resistance to stand up to her. She had free reign to go wherever she pleased, and she used that to her fullest advantage."

The picture suddenly shakes. Amelia yelps in surprise and tumbles to the side as her foot catches on something. "Gah! Shoot, this ground is impossible to walk on." Her voice is much deeper than the one she has now, not the high-pitched, kidlike sound I'm used to hearing.

"Hoarhiim, why does she sound different?"

The sage clasps his fingers together. "Oh, brace yourself, Jason. Amelia may look a little different than you expect." Saying this, he tilts the viewfinder up until I can see Amelia's face and body. My heart pounds in my chest. She looks a little older than me, perhaps twenty-five. She is incredibly attractive, with perfect pink lips, a softly defined nose, but also cruel, sadistic eyes. Her gaze makes me want to bark like a dog.

Amelia leans down to rub her knee. "Land's sake, at least the humans knew how to smooth out potholes. How's a lady supposed to walk in heels around here?"

Blaarjiim's voice speaks, making me nearly jump out of my skin. His tone is ten times deeper than usual, and it drips with the sensation of evil. "My queen, there are three goblins up ahead. They will surely point you in the right direction."

"Finally, good news." Amelia leans against the wall, and only now do I realize I can hear her high-heeled boots clicking on the floor as she walks.

Still, I can't take my eyes off her face. She is, perhaps, the most beautiful person I've ever seen. Her face has a hard-set edge to it, as if she could take a bite out of concrete without blinking, yet her skin is soft and fair, like that of a princess. Her long black hair flows down to her waist, blending in with the color of her black dress. Unlike the one she wears now, it exposes a substantial amount of cleavage.

"Wh-why does A-Amelia..." I swallow suddenly, realizing I've never looked at her in this way before. "Why does she look so, uh, different?"

Hoarhiim doesn't pick up on my underlying feelings. "As expected, I knew you wouldn't understand. The battle with Joan changed Amelia's physical figure, though I never knew if the effects were permanent. The girl you know today is but a child in appearance. However, this memory is from during her prime."

"Yeah. _Her prime._"

Amelia licks her soft, pink lips, and my tongue snakes out as well. I'm mimicking her without meaning to. I can't believe a human can look as good as she does. Her body is fully-figured too, and not like that of a child. To say she's my 'type' would be an understatement. Why couldn't I have met her when she looked like this?

Her boots continue to click on the ground. Hoarhiim turns the view away from her face, and finally, my heart slows back down. It must have been pumping at a thousand beats per second. Up ahead, the sound of three goblins cackling and laughing about something benign grows steadily more audible. Before I can comprehend the movement, Amelia lunges with terrifying speed a hundred feet down the hallway and grabs one of the goblins. She hoists him up by the neck.

"Skree! The Black Witch!" His two companions howl in alarm, fall on their asses, and scramble away, but Amelia ignores them.

"Where is it? I know you little thieves are hoarding a treasure! Tell me where you've stored it, or I'll take your head off!" Amelia squeezes the goblin's neck, and he squirms violently, hitting her arm with his hands, kicking and punching, even as urine begins to run down his leg. The poor little guy looks petrified. "P-Please! Deno knows nothing! Deno knows nothing! N-no kill me!"

"You're lying!" Amelia slams the four-foot creature against the wall, and judging by her voice and his expression, glares ferociously at him. "Last chance, puke-skin! Spill the beans, or I spill _you_ all over the floor!"

Her squeezing grows even tighter. He wheezes out a gasp. "N... no... nothing..."

Just as he starts to slump in her grip, Amelia effortlessly flings the goblin behind her. I don't see what happens, but judging by the sickening _crunch_, he ends up a splatter on the wall. 

Hoarhiim adjusts the view again to the other two goblins. Both of them leap to their feet and start to dash away, though their movement falters as their bodies spasm and shake in terror. "Buh-Black Witch! Fiend! Monster!"

Amelia hops forward, clearing fifty feet in an instant, and delivers a spine-shattering kick to one of the two goblins. He hurtles forward into the darkness, and the distant sound of a _boom_ tells a tale of his instant death.

"Goal! Ten points for me! Hyahyahya!" Amelia giggles nastily, an unpleasant, throaty sound. She lunges down, grabs the final goblin by his hair and violently thrashes him around. "Last one! Tell me where your treasure is, or you'll learn what it's like to become a bowling ball!"

She shakes the little goblin like a ragdoll, and he begins to sob uncontrollably. "Please! Please! Me don't know! Only elder knows! Elder Morru knows!"

"Elder Morru?" Amelia's voice lilts into a higher pitch. "Aww, that's more like it! Now you're saying something worthwhile. Where is your elder?"

"Huhk..." The goblin gags on his tears and snot. "M-Morru not far... me take you! Please no hurt! Me show you way!"

"Very well." Amelia releases him and stands up straight. Her hand moves past our vision, and she grunts. "Damn. Goblin blood all over the back of my dress. Why must you nasty creatures have so much of it inside you?"

Hoarhiim holds up his hand, and the image freezes. "I hope I have sufficiently shown you some of the cruelty Amelia has inflicted."

I nod. My mouth tastes like sandpaper. "Y-yeah. I... I can't believe I'm watching the same person."

The deity of light bows his head. "Amelia found Elder Morru. She tortured him and severed both of his legs, then when he finally told her where the treasure was, she killed him by tearing his jaw apart. After that, she slaughtered every goblin in their colony for wasting her time." 

Hoarhiim pauses. 

"Let's... move to what happens next."

"Sure." 

I reach out automatically for a glass of water, but remember there isn't any here — a shame. I feel like I've swallowed all the sand in the Sahara Desert.

The image shifts again. This time, to a much brighter hallway. The floor and ceiling glow from bioluminescent moss hanging off the walls, as well as rocks embedded here and there that emit tiny sparks of electricity. Amelia casually struts forward, barely looking at anything. Her hand brushes against one of the vines, and I watch in amazement as the plant recoils, withers, and dies.

"What the hell was that?"

Hoarhiim clears his throat. "Ah, her dark miasma. It's poisonous to most life, especially vegetation. A slight brush, and most plants will die after a few seconds. Creatures, both large and small, don't fare any better."

"Jesus Christ. Talk about an environmental disaster waiting to happen."

The hallway opens into a room with hundreds of fireflies aimlessly floating around. A ray of light shines down from somewhere unseen, almost as if it were from sunlight, but since this is the Labyrinth, that makes no sense. The light beams against the far wall, forming the shape of the Christian Cross. Underneath it is a barebones altar, with dozens of flowers growing all around it. A tiny chameleon looks up, spots Amelia, and skitters away to a nearby nook in the wall.

Her voice rings out in the din. "Seriously? I traveled all this way for nothing?"

Blaarjiim responds almost instantly, and I can practically hear him rubbing his hands together. "No, my queen. Look! There on the altar! A sword and scabbard!"

Hoarhiim pans the view up so we can see Amelia's face. She sighs. "Oh. A sword. And here I was hoping for some pretty jewels or something cute."

"Be careful, my queen," Blaarjiim cautions. "I sense energy like that of the angels here. It's faint, but..."

"I've killed a few angels, Blaarjiim. Holy energy stings for a bit, then the pain fades. I'd hate to walk out of here empty-handed."

Amelia strides forward, crushing the lovely flowers under her boots. As she does, they wither and dry out, disintegrating into ash.

She stops in front of the altar, and Hoarhiim pans our view down to examine the sword. It's ugly, boring, housed in a faded leather scabbard with brass hinges and a belt that looks about ready to fall apart. I can't see the blade, but judging by the sheath, it's just over two and a half feet long, short by most standards. Almost like the sword was forged for a woman of small stature. The hilt is brown, with a glimpse of gold here and there.

Amelia hesitates. She slowly rubs her thumb around her soft pink lips. "What an ugly piece of shit. Four days of travel, all for nothing."

Blaarjiim's tone softens. "It would make a fine addition to your collection, my queen. Perhaps it may serve some use later."

"Yeah, sure. Maybe I'll use it to carve up a roast. Let's get out of here." Amelia reaches forward to grab the sword, but the moment she wraps her hand around its sheath, a sudden flash of light makes her yelp in surprise. Amelia gasps and topples backward, flopping on her ass. "What was that?!"

Her question receives an immediate answer. A stream of light erupts from the sword. It pours from inside the sheath, as if its energy were contained within the blade itself, and streams to a spot perhaps two feet away. Within seconds, a shape resembling Hoarhiim's body of light forms, and quickly takes on the appearance of a young woman. She immediately takes a knee and swallows several long breaths. Her short-cropped blonde hair and stunning blue eyes immediately grab my attention.

The woman's armor is majestic, a combination of white and gold, with a giant red cross carved onto her chestplate. Her blue cloak hangs behind her, a thousand golden crosses lining its fabric. She regards Amelia with caution.

"Merci. Long have I slept, only to be awakened from my slumber by a demon as foul as thee." The girl, perhaps nineteen years old, clambers to her feet and snatches the sword from the pedestal. "En-Garde! Have at ye!"

Amelia rises to her feet. "Who the devil are you? How did you get here?"

The blonde girl unsheathes her sword and points it at Amelia. "I am a servant of the Highest God, the Creator who formed the heavens! Jeanne d'Arc, leader of the French, The Maid of Orleans! Thy greed and malice awakened my dormant body when thou dared disturb my artifact. I sense limitless power and evil flowing from thee, thrall of the darkness."

Hoarhiim pans the view to Amelia's face. Her eye twitches. "Now listen here, you little shit. Nobody points a sword at me and lives to tell the tale. My name's Amelia Greyheart, but you will call me 'Master' after I break you in half." Amelia smirks, then crosses her arms. "You seem confident about your chances, warrior of justice, but I should warn you that I've already killed the First Emperor of Hell, along with a few million others. If you give up now, I'll make your death quick and painless."

"Never!" Joan takes a step forward and bares her teeth. "Dost thou think me a fool? A Hero never wavers! She always stands up to evil, no matter the cost! I would sooner cast myself into the raging flames of Hell than allow one such as thou to profane the name of God!"

"What a coincidence, you're already in Hell," Amelia mutters. Her hand makes a popping noise as she balls it into a fist. "I don't believe in your shitty 'God' anyway. The only deity I believe in is myself. I'll make sure you bow down to me when this is all over, sweetheart."

"Impudent knave!" Joan lunges forward with frightening speed, catching even Amelia off-guard. She drives her fist into Amelia's face and sends my friend careening backward, smashing into the wall. An instant later, she jams her foot into the ground and thrusts her sword straight into Amelia's heart. 

_Shik!_

Joan's eyes darken as she twists the blade inside her opponent's chest. "God shan't forgive me if I spare thee! Die quickly and return to the soil from whence you came!"

Amelia wheezes in pain, but Hoarhiim pans up to show both of their faces, now only inches apart. A wild, maniacal smile spreads from one corner of Amelia's mouth to the other. "You... you fucking bitch. That hurt. I'm going to enjoy teaching you a lesson."

She kicks her foot out and knocks Joan back, sprawling the Hero across the ground before yanking the sword from her heart. Amelia pauses and stumbles for a moment before shaking the pain off with a twitch of her head. She stabs the sword into the wall behind her, then steps in front of it to block it.

"That sword must be precious to you. It'd be a shame if you couldn't use it for the rest of the fight."

Joan leaps to her feet and laughs. "Hah! Fool. That is no ordinary weapon. It is the Sword of Heaven, gifted to me by the Creator! I am bound to it for all eternity." She holds her hand forward, and Amelia stumbles suddenly as the sword yanks from the wall, tears through her body and out of her front-side, then lands in Joan's grasp. Before Amelia can regain her footing, Joan begins chanting words in Latin.

"_Lux. Virtus. Miscere._ By the hand of the Creator, the first rite of sealing; initiate!" Her sword begins to glow white and vibrate wildly, and a moment later, she lunges forward, pauses, and delivers ten rapid stabs into each of Amelia's limbs. A second afterward, she appears at Amelia's side, opposite Hoarhiim and I, and shoves her palm out, blowing Amelia sideways across the room. Amelia's body bashes and crashes across the ground with sickening speed. Hoarhiim and I go flying straight out of her belt loop and across the room. My body swirls unconsciously from all the motion, but once we come to a rest, Hoarhiim vision gives us a full view of the spectacle.

Amelia's broken and crumpled body lies on the ground. Her right arm twists unnaturally, and her jaw appears dislocated. After a moment, her wounds begin to heal, and she gasps violently. "Kaaah!"

Joan hesitates. "That attack dealt a most grievous blow, but thou are quite resilient. Compared to the three Demon Dukes I once fought, thy body is leagues more powerful than they. However, I warn thee, that after the third rite of sealing, you will never harm another being again."

Amelia whimpers for a moment, and then reaches out to pull herself along the ground. The fire in her eyes disappears. She manages to climb to her feet, but something about her appearance is different. She looks three or four years younger, perhaps my age. "You... you s-sealed... my..."

Joan's eyes turn a luminous white, and she holds her sword at her side, preparing for a lunging stab attack. The instant Amelia sees this; panic floods her body. She leaps to the room exit, then dashes out of sight. Joan charges after her, and a horrible scream rends my heart in two. Amelia gasps, begging for mercy. 

While Hoarhiim and I can no longer see what's happening, her pitiful, heartbreaking screams make me cover my mouth.

"Hoarhiim. Hoarhiim! That's enough. I've seen enough." I stumble to the side and fight the urge to vomit as I fall to my knees. "Oh god, they're all sick and evil. Amelia tortures and murders, and Joan is no better. She enjoyed the pain she caused. What the hell? Is this the sort of person who would become a Hero?!"

Hoarhiim slowly ambles over to me, and leans down, gently rubbing my back. "Jason. I know Amelia's past is difficult to accept. After all, you've never seen her in this manner before. However, I assure you that she is not the innocent angel she pretends to be."

I start rocking back and forth. "Fuck. Fuck. No, come on, think about it. Sh-she killed some goblins! That's all it was! They're monsters anyway, right? They're sneaky, thieving bastards! Amelia didn't deserve what Joan did to her! Shouldn't Joan ally with someone who kills monsters and demons? God damn!"

Hoarhiim pulls his hand away. "Do you believe that thievery deserves a death sentence? Where was their trial? Where was your human interpretation of justice? Just because they were goblins doesn't mean-"

"No! Stop! I don't want to hear anymore! Get me out of this dream!" I quickly jump to my feet and rush to the sides, hitting an invisible wall. "**Release! Escape! Leave!**"

Hoarhiim's voice quiets down. "This is a mental link, Jason. Your Wordsmithing won't work in here. If you want to leave, that's fine."

I quickly turn to face him. "Yeah, yeah, I do! I can't believe you're trying to turn me against Amelia like that! You SAW what Joan did to her! Amelia barely touched the sword and Joan went Super Saiyan and started attacking her for no reason! Gah!" I start pulling at my hair and pacing back and forth. "Just let me out. I'll- I'll talk to her. I'll find out her side of the story!"

"Jason..." Hoarhiim's voice holds an edge of caution. "I wouldn't advise that."

"What?! Why, are you afraid I'll find something out? Are you even telling me the truth, or are you lying to me too?" A pause. I consider the options. "I've never seen Amelia act anything like this. You hate Blaarjiim, so it's reasonable to assume you have some goal, some plot to-"

"Jason!" Hoarhiim bellows at the top of his lungs, making me flinch. After a few seconds, he calms himself. "That's enough. Begone, then. I was trying to help. If you don't wish to see the truth, so be it. I cannot convince a fool to drink from the water of life if he wishes to die of thirst."

A moment later, the world around me fades away.

I appear back at the funeral. It's dark out, already. I'm sitting with my back to a tree, though I don't remember how I got here. Everyone else has already packed up and left.

I quickly reach down and touch Hoarhiim's orb. "Okay, look, I'm sorry, alright? I didn't mean to freak out like that. I... I can't believe you'd say all those awful things about Amelia. Can we forget about it for now?"

...

Silence.

I wait, but Hoarhiim doesn't answer.

"Hello? Buddy?"

Still no reply. Great. Now I hurt Hoarhiim's feelings and he's giving me the silent treatment.

_Fine, be like that._

I get up and start walking to Bahamut's palace in the distance, her residence on this world. Maybe Amelia can answer my questions. If Hoarhiim wasn't lying, I'll know soon enough.