Part 550: Chrona Advancements
Part 550: Chrona Advancements

From Jason Hiro's perspective, nearly three full years have passed since he spoke to Demon Deity of Defiance, Melody. He has not remained idle in that time, but has instead worked hard alongside Fiona to continue expanding not only his arsenal, but humanity's as well.

Unseen by the rest of the galaxy, Jason has used these past 1000 days to greatly enhance his understanding of Wordsmithing. He has even made some shocking discoveries about its applications, discoveries that he decides to keep in his back pocket as an ace in the hole. He even comes to believe Hope Hiro might not know of Wordsmithing's true might...

Not only does Jason unlock secrets hidden within his Wordsmithing, but with all this extra time he also searches the galaxy, finding out new things he's never seen before. He discovers the true location of Veladoria, finally putting to rest the mystery of where the Psions hold their souls. He learns of the truth about Psions; that every High Psion has opted to place their souls in a remote location and detach them from their bodies, ultimately piloting their bodies like remote-controlled drones. If their bodies perish, they can grow new ones and return to the world of the living for a time.

He already knew some of this, due to having traveled to Veladoria in his soul form a few years ago. But compared to his fragmented knowledge from back then, the intelligence gains he's made thanks to the Spynet Sphere have been incomparable.

Jason has spied on the Volgrim more and more as the years pass, expanding to many of the primary worlds run by each of the Volgrim sub-species. In addition to Veladoria, he found another secret Psion soul-world code-named _Red Forge_. He found a world run almost entirely by Changelings, one which has provided him more than a few useful insights. He even managed to identify more than a dozen planets controlled exclusively by the Technopaths.

But in all this time, Jason has not yet found even a single planet outside of Volgarius itself with a single Ascended on it. Outside of Unarin, Muuxunuu, and Unarin's brother Randis, Jason hasn't found a fourth Ascended anywhere.

"They have to be hiding in a remote location." Jason mutters to himself. "But there are so many planets... this army of Unarin's could be anywhere."

Indeed, the one thing Jason has managed to confirm is that every Volgrim inherently knows that the sheer quantity of Ascended vastly, completely, and unfathomably outstrips the populations of all the other sub-species. The fact their consciousnesses reside within a galactic net owned by the Volgrim is proof of that. Unfortunately, they could be living in stasis beneath any random rocky world, inside of space stations gliding silently within the depths of the Void, or any other location.

Even after examining more than 300 planets carefully, Jason has barely scrutinized a millionth of the Milky Way's life-bearing worlds. There are simply too many to look at, with seemingly infinite void-space between them.

"It's like looking for a needle inside a billion haystacks. I just have to hope one of the Volgrim slips up eventually and reveals the location of one of these worlds. Or perhaps I need to find a way to infiltrate the Ascended Net..."

On this day, a day of no specific importance, Jason finds himself sitting atop one of the many buildings inside Chrona with his legs dangling over the edge. Not far away, the sounds of children laughing and playing drift toward his ears. Kar and Blinker's kids chase each other around with sticks, swinging at one another as they play-fight.

As for Blinker herself, she managed to recover a couple of years prior, and now she has returned back to her prime level of strength. But because of the effects of time dilation, she decides to simply stay in Chrona and not return to realspace again. The chance of meeting an ugly end is too scary for her to bear. She wouldn't want to leave her children without a mother...

Jason sits on the roof of the building for over six hours. He thinks about a lot of things, and occasionally practices with his Wordsmithing to try out his new tricks.

But eventually, he decides he's had enough. He stands up, then jumps to the ground below, landing lightly on his toes as if he were a feather.

Jason walks toward a new facility located on the western edge of Chrona's only city. As he approaches it, he passes by dozens of small housing units, each filled with Psions from Aspirator Raavul's enclave. One of those Psions lingers out front, and immediately spots Jason as he approaches.

[Wordsmith! So good to see you again!] The young male exclaims. [I was wondering if you might put me on tonight's Spynet duty!]

"Hello, Ferral." Jason says with a smile. "Are you actually going to help us spy, or are you going to continue looking at pretty planets again?"

[The beauty of the universe makes my Psionic Seed pulsate with happiness!] Initiator Ferral says with great enthusiasm. [I long to gaze at the stars and the woodlands for all eternity. The majesty of existence simply should not be squandered!]

Jason looks at the young Psion for a moment. He touches his chin, thinking about something unknown.

"You said your Seed pulsates when you look at the beauty of life? That seems an awful lot like you may have found a Path..."

Having observed Psions in secret for over three years now, Jason has familiarized himself with a certain level of understanding about how their abilities function. The key for a Psion to grow more powerful is to contemplate and comprehend the greater Truths of the universe. However, in order to do this, they must find an object or concept that excites them enough to allow them to endlessly fixate on it.

[Oh... I suppose you might be right.] Ferral says, lowering his many eyes as he falls into thought. [Master Raavul says that I possess high aptitudes, but low interest in the psionic disciplines...]

"Life is a beautiful thing." Jason says. "To fixate on existence, to appreciate the majesty and grandeur of the universe... even if it doesn't help your Seed at all, I don't see a problem with that. So hey, you can take a shift at the Spynet. But I'll have to put someone else there with you, since I know you'll slack off."

[Oh, most excellent!] Ferral exclaims. [Thank you, Jason Hiro. Joining you is the best choice I have ever made!]

"No need to get all sappy." Jason says with a light chuckle. "Have fun, Ferral."

The young Initiator takes his leave, and Jason resumes his walk toward the newest facility in Chrona. Completed only a month earlier, its appearance is quite striking, as hundreds of powerful magic and psionic runes cover its surface, glowing and pulsating with colors that change over time. As for the facility itself, it resembles a giant orb one hundred feet tall, but for some reason, Jason chose to half-bury it in the ground, making only its upper half visible from outside. To the uninitiated, it would appear to be a dome-structure not dissimilar to the Spynet Sphere itself.

When Jason arrives at the entrance, he waits for a moment. The entire sphere slowly rotates upward, causing a door to 'roll' out of the ground and appear before the Wordsmith.

He steps inside, entering a brightly lit interior that pulses with the same colors as the runes on the exterior. When the runes outside turn red, so too does the interior lighting. The same goes for all the other colors.

Inside the facility's center is a strikingly familiar device; a seemingly identical copy of the Volgrim Warpgates. However, unlike those gates, this one does not connect to the Volgrim network, but has its own purpose.

When Jason enters, he spots two individuals, Rebecca and Blinker, both of them standing before the facilities' controls, looking at a display and its readouts as a series of numbers and diagrams show up.

Rebecca turns to look at him. "Jason. Done sight-seeing?"

"I had some things to think about." Jason says mildly. "Wordsmith stuff."

"I see." Rebecca continues. "Well, we've finished calibrating the Rescue Matrix. It should function as expected."

Blinker gives Jason a strange look. Currently in her enlarged form, she stands only a couple heads shorter than the Wordsmith as he approaches. "I don't get it, big guy. Why is it a one-way gate? Shouldn't it be able to take us to and from realspace?"

"No." Jason says simply. "The transition to a higher time dilation is not a problem. But the transition back to realspace is violent and jarring. I no longer have a reliable method of slowing down Chrona's time dilation. If I were to try, I'd probably kill everyone here by accident, myself included."

"About that." Rebecca says. "Jason, have you monitored the exact TDR specifications of Chrona?"

"Err, no." Jason says slowly. "Why?"

"I have been running some calculations..." Rebecca says, conjuring some numbers into the air via her holographic hand-projectors. "It seems the original TDR you set for Chrona was 249.732-to-1. One day in realspace, 249.732 days inside. But look at this. The current TDR is now at 250.331-to-1."

She looks at Jason meaningfully.

"Chrona's internal dilation is accelerating over time. Left unchecked, this could reach dangerous levels within a few Chrona-centuries."

She pauses again.

"Or it might stabilize once it reaches a certain TDR value. I don't have enough information to draw any specific conclusions."

Jason frowns at this news. "That sounds serious. Maybe I should try and find some way to slow it down after all..."

"That isn't an ideal solution." Rebecca counters. "The entities living inside Chrona have already adapted their cellular biology to this dimension's dilation. Lowering the TDR would most likely cause widespread biological damage you cannot predict. Rather than slowing Chrona down, you should seek to stabilize its current level."

"Alright." Jason says with a nod. "I'll work on that soon, then. Now, let's get back to the Rescue Matrix."

He stands between both women as Blinker launches into a quick explanation.

"We've managed to identify every human, monster, and demon aligned with our cause." Blinker explains. "Thanks to the Brain Scanning Crystals, we've marked millions of allied soldiers and civilians alike. We can beam them into Chrona in the event of a catastrophe if needed."

"That should always be a last-ditch option." Jason says sternly. "Bringing them to Chrona means condemning them to living here for the rest of eternity, unless we can solve the higher dimensional formula. We still don't know if Chrona is entirely 'secure.' For all we know, Diablo or Dosena or some other abomination might find a way inside. We can't put all our eggs in one basket."

"We do have one limitation." Rebecca interjects while pointing at the central gate. "We can only summon one entity every second from realspace to Chrona. Those seconds are in Chrona-time, of course. That means in the event of a catastrophe, we will only be able to rescue two hundred and fifty humans, monsters, demons, or whatever else for every real-time second that passes."

"What? So few?" Jason asks with a frown. "That's not many at all. I thought I made it so the Rescue Matrix could beam up tens of thousands, if not millions of people!"

"You have gravely underestimated the interference of Chrona's temporal-gravity well." Rebecca says solemnly. "Beaming friendlies inside Chrona means they have to travel through the higher dimensions. Your Wordsmithing might be able to directly counter such a force, but most mundane and extraordinary means generally cannot. The Rescue Matrix is no exception."

"Damn..." Jason mumbles. "I really thought this was a 'get out of jail free' card."

"There is another option." Blinker suddenly says. "The Rescue Matrix can be used to move millions of people after all... but only across realspace. If we program a few destinations ahead of time, we could beam all of humanity to an allied world in realspace, or possibly the Cube."

"The Cube consists of multiple segmented higher dimensions." Jason says, tapping the console to bring up its known specifications. "Humanity has currently utilized less than a fraction of a percent of its internal space, but the spaces we've created all have slightly elevated TDR values."

"A TDR of 3 or 5 or even 10 isn't insurmountable." Rebecca says. "It would be like ramming a spaceship into a planet's atmosphere. The higher the TDR, the thicker the atmosphere and the more drag and heat the ship would have to endure. For that reason, it's best if we keep humans inside realspace, or send them only into the lowest TDR areas of the Cube."

"The solution is easy then." Jason concludes. "I'll just have to whip up a large area inside the Cube that can sustain itself and that exists at a normal TDR level. We can use fairy formation magic to allow people to seamlessly travel between higher and lower TDR areas seamlessly. They won't even feel the difference."

"Just be aware formations can't do everything." Blinker says. "Once you reach a dilation value of 10-to-1, formations will start to break down and eventually collapse, assuming they don't simply compress anyone who passes through into a singularity."

"Noted." Jason concludes.

The discussion continues for a while longer, and Jason ultimately obtains all the answers he was looking for.

"Have any of the Psions made any breakthroughs?" He eventually asks Blinker.

"Not a chance." Blinker answers. "It'll be decades before any of them even come close to reaching the next rank. And it only gets harder after that. We're probably looking at centuries or millennia for further breakthroughs."

"The step from the 1st to 2nd Level is not insignificant to the average Psion." Rebecca explains. "But the jump to what Psions consider 'military level' is unfathomable. Countless promising Aspirants have failed, becoming stuck at the 5th Level."

"Yeah, but isn't the 5th Level... Demon Emperor strength?" Jason asks. "6th is like a stepping stone between Mortal and Cosmic. 7th is a Bottom Cosmic. 8th is a Low Cosmic. And 9th is a Middle Cosmic. Being stuck at the 5th Level still means you could crush demons with ease. How is that weak?"

Rebecca sighs. "You don't get it, Jason. Your concept of power comes from your years of fighting with the demons. But in the Volgrim's eyes, both of your species are mere mud-dwellers. Their weakest military-ranking Psions could flatten the Earth during the Energy Wars, and they had hundreds of thousands of them. If they had sent a large swarm of 5th Level Psions, they could have defeated Earth's forces quite easily, but it would have been a humiliating loss of face for the Psions."

"It's not about being as strong as the peak of a mud-dwelling civilization." Rebecca concludes. "It's about demonstrating that the Psion Army's weakest soldiers are more than capable of single-handedly crushing any who stand against them with contemptible ease."

"They seem so egotistical." Blinker says in disgust. "What a bunch of high and mighty elitists."

Rebecca shrugs. "If it makes you feel better, the Volgrim are only strong in comparison to the current Milky Way. Compared to the Ancient Archangels, Titans, and Dragons, they're mere peons themselves. And that doesn't even factor in the fighting forces of distant galaxies."

Jason frowns. He looks ahead at the Rescue Matrix Gate, then utters a Word of Power.

"**Projection.**"

Before him, a large image of a spiraling galaxy appears, followed by another, far larger galaxy a short distance away. The difference in size simply isn't comparable at all. The second is nearly double the diameter of the first, and the density of its stars is at least three times greater.

"Andromeda is the biggest galaxy within the Local Group." Jason says quietly. "I've tried, many times, to peer inside it. I've tried to attune the Spynet Sphere, to peer into its confines and look at some of its worlds. For three years I've tried. But I can't see anything. Not one damn thing."

He looks at Rebecca meaningfully.

"What do you know about the denizens of the other galaxies? What do you know about the other Rulers and their subjects?"

Rebecca lowers her eyes.

"Nothing, Jason. Nothing at all."

"You're kidding." Jason says quietly. "How can you, or at least Marie, not know?"

"Miss Becker cannot peer past Andromeda's Akashic Barrier, and neither can you, it seems." Rebecca says, raising her eyes to meet his. "The Rules forbid it. It is not yet time for The Game to begin in full, so it hasn't. Until it does, you're better off not wasting your energy. Just focus on making yourself and humanity stronger. As long as you do that, we may someday find a way to make High and Apex Cosmics. If that happens, we might stand a chance in the intergalactic wars to come."

She shrugs.

"If not, we'll die. All of us. It's as simple as that. In Akasha's Game, every Ruler plays for keeps."

"And the Milky Way doesn't have a Ruler." Jason says, more to himself than either of the women. "Only a board full of pawns."

It takes Jason a moment to compose himself. He disperses the floating image of the two galaxies, then smooths his T-shirt.

"One last thing. My experiments with countering time dilation haven't been going well. I think I might be able to protect myself from the effects of returning to realspace, but I don't think I can do the same for anyone else. Not at the moment anyway."

"I can come and go as I please." Rebecca says. "My digitized brain ensures time dilation won't affect me adversely. But if you can't protect anyone but yourself, then Blinker, Kar, and all the others will be stuck here. That includes the Psions..."

"Once I've figured out a method to allow myself to come and go, I'll try to make it applicable to anyone." Jason explains. "Perhaps I could become the first person in the Milky Way to figure out a method of safely traveling between higher and lower temporal dimensions!"

Neither Blinker nor Rebecca appears impressed.

"Yeah. Good luck with that." Blinker says sarcastically. "There's no WAY you're smarter than the High Psions and Technopaths who've been working with higher dimensions for eons."

"It's possible you might find a way to rewrite reality via the usage of your power, but that's not the same thing as comprehending the Truths of temporal mechanics." Rebecca adds, shaking her head. "But I suppose even an unorthodox method is better than nothing. At the very least, you could be the first person to find a loophole in physics. That's worth something."

Jason flicks his eyes between both women.

"Wow, ladies. Thanks for the words of encouragement. I'm getting all choked up here."

He shakes his head, then turns around and leaves, relatively satisfied by the potential of the Rescue Matrix, though less so by its limitations when transferring people to Chrona.

After Jason departs the Rescue Matrix facility, he mumbles out loud to himself.

"If push comes to shove, we could evacuate... let's see, 250 people each realspace second, and there are how many seconds in a day? _Mumble mumble_, 86,400 seconds... multiplied by 250... so we could teleport 21,600,000 people each realspace day. So it would take less than a quarter of a day to move everyone here. That's not too bad, I guess."

Jason quickly does a quick bit of arithmetic without even resorting to Wordsmithing. Thankfully, having enhanced his brain a bit here and there with it, he has become capable of doing basic mental math as if he were a living calculator, though he's nowhere at the level of his wife, Rebecca, or even the average Technopath.

But still. For Jason, it's a huge improvement.

"Oh, I almost forgot..." Jason says to himself. "Phoebe and Neil have that debate happening soon. I'd better move quickly if I want to see it in person..."