Part 582: Beginning of the End
Part 582: Beginning of the End

"There he is! Little Timmy!" Jason excitedly whispers. His eyes light up with the joy of fatherhood as he hovers over his one-month-old son's crib, where the infant snoozes quietly, having just gone through another long and tumultuous day of babyhood.

Phoebe stands beside Jason, looking a little tired, but with eyes as warm as any happy mother should have. She hugs onto Jason's arm and yawns, resting her cheek on his shoulder.

"I just put Timothy to bed." Phoebe whispers. "Let's keep the volume down."

"Man. I should have come here a few days ago." Jason grouches. "I'd have loved to put him down."

"I'd have liked that too." Phoebe says. 

Jason's wife is acutely aware that every minute he spends in Realspace is 250 minutes he's giving up in Chrona. Humanity is still plenty vulnerable, even despite their incredible acceleration over the last seven months. Every extra day Jason spends working on a new device, or a magical augment for humanity, or literally anything of value is a day humanity as a whole gains another handhold against the Plague.

In many ways, it saddens Phoebe, making her feel as if she's selfishly wasting the time of humanity's mightiest guardian. Only the knowledge that Hope is also making gains for humanity helps stave off those dark thoughts.

Jason glances at his wife. His smile fades as he sees the indecisiveness on her face.

"Phoebe. I know what you're thinking." Jason says softly. "There's an easy solution. Just come back with me to Chrona. I know you were worried the time dilation might affect your pregnancy, but Timothy has already been born. We can raise him quickly inside Chrona and make a new family together, like Hope and Amelia have done with their kids."

Phoebe sighs. "I don't want to do that, Jason. Not that I don't love Kar and Blinker, but I don't want our son being raised without any fellow human children around. All my friends are here in Realspace too. I'd have to leave them behind and age decades while they remained practically frozen, barely inching along day by day..."

"That's what I've had to do already." Jason points out. "Aging almost 150 years while you've barely changed at all has been exceptionally difficult for me."

The Wordsmith looks away. He closes his eyes and rubs his glabella in frustration.

"It won't be as bad as you think. In fact, it'll be an amazing experience." Jason says after a few moments of contemplation. "Think of all the amazing inventions you could have worked on if you'd been in Chrona with me. We could have been keeping each other company all the time..."

Phoebe shakes her head slowly. "And Timothy?"

"Look, if you want our son to make friends with other kids, that's an easy solution. We'll just bring more humans into Chrona." Jason says. "I've been thinking we'll need more anyway."

"What about the Changelings?" Phoebe asks. "You still haven't found a way to uncover them. Right? The only foolproof method is by using Jepthath's power, and that would entail bringing members of Jepthath's Legion into Chrona."

"Yeah... still pretty stumped on that." Jason says with a groan.

Thankfully, as has been the par in recent years, Jason has always proactively put down information barriers whenever he appears in Realspace to ensure no pesky Psions can spy on his discussions. They might not be capable of keeping out Dosena, but they should be 100% effective against weaklings like Creator Demila.

"Then it's a no from me, Jason." Phoebe says. "Besides. If what Fiona said is right, then Chrona's dimensional stability is deteriorating over time. Every new life form that is born or enters Chrona will cause it to accelerate faster and faster, forcing you to manually stabilize it each time. Timothy and I would only add to that deterioration."

She continues. "And let's say you have to leave Chrona for an extended period. If I'm in there and the time flux gets high enough, I'd lose contact with Realspace. Decades, centuries, or millennia could pass before you returned. No doubt I'd invent amazing things, but the social isolation... I don't know if I could handle it, Jason. I don't know if I could live thousands of years without you."

Jason sighs. Then he chuckles.

"I think you're being a little melodramatic, honey. Nothing that nuts is going to happen."

Phoebe crosses her arms. "Jason, you can't even sleep a single night with me in Realspace anymore. Staying with me for a couple of hours at a time is your limit. If you were to stay with me for one day, 250 days would pass in Chrona and the breakpoint would occur. You already have to stabilize the dimension-space once every few weeks. What happens if you miss that time cutoff, and then MONTHS pass without you inside? Don't you understand that things would become so dire you couldn't even return to Chrona without suffering severe after-effects?"

For once, Jason falls completely silent. He touches his chin and looks at the floor, falling deep into thought as he debates the finer merits of her points.

"...Alright." He says, after a minute of silence. "But can you at least consider transferring to one of the Cube-spaces? Even a ten-times acceleration would make things easier for us. Then when I come to visit you, there will only be a 25x time differential between that Cube-space and Chrona."

Phoebe frowns, causing Jason to quickly add, "Oh! And there's LOTS of human kids there! Timothy could make plenty of friends! Plus the Cube-spaces are completely stable!"

Phoebe's frown vanishes. She rolls her eyes, sighs, then smiles.

"I'll think about it."

"Great!" Jason chirps. "That's all I wanted. Now, what say we try making another baby, eh?"

"You are such a horn-dog." Phoebe says helplessly. "It's not a race to catch up to Hope."

"No, I know. I know." Jason says. "I just... want to have more kids. If all of Hope's children have powers, and Daisy had powers, then Timothy likely will too. And that means our future children will. I don't know why things are working out like that, but I feel we have a duty to create more future protectors for humanity."

Phoebe groans. "Oh, how _romantic_, Jason. And here I thought you wanted kids because you wanted to make a big happy family with me."

"Hey! I do!" Jason protests, turning his attention to the sleeping baby. "I mean just look at him. _He's so cuuute!_ I wanna squish Timmy's little cheeks and tell him I love him and give him a brother, and a sister, and another brother, and another sister-"

"I get the point!" Phoebe says, bursting into a smile. "Alright, alright. Just give me some resting time. Giving birth isn't exactly fun, Jason. Women aren't babymaking machines, and I have a lot of projects on my plate."

An invisible lightbulb pops up over Jason's head. "Oh, I know! I can better fulfill my duties to humanity if I have more kids, so what if I get two or three side-chicks, honey? I bet I could put a baby in each of them if I- OWW OWW hey, I was joking! I was joking!! Haha!"

Phoebe socks Jason in the arm twice, growling at him as he actually has the audacity to bring up cheating on her. Luckily, they both know Jason is way too loyal to actually do such a thing, but Phoebe still feigns anger at the thought.

"You just keep it in your pants for a few months, buster." Phoebe snarks. "We'll have another one when the time is right."

"Maybe we can have twins!" Jason suggests, which elicits another pair of punches on his shoulder. "Oww, oww! Kidding, kidding! Haha!"

Phoebe pauses her 'vicious' onslaught to tilt her head. "Well, I guess I could consider it. But not unless you promise to develop a babyporter."

"The hell's a 'babyporter'?" Jason asks, bewildered.

"You know. It would teleport the baby out of the womb painlessly." Phoebe explains. "I bet you could create something like that."

"Huh. I never thought about that." Jason says. "I'd need to find a way to seamlessly sever the umbilical cord, displace the baby's mass without abruptly causing a spatial bubble inside your- huh?"

Jason pauses.

He turns to look off to the side, and his facial expression warps.

"What! Shit, now? Of all times?!"

Phoebe flinches on seeing his reaction. "What's wrong?"

Jason looks at her, his expression grim.

"_It's happening._"

---

On the world of Maiura, Henry and Ashley enjoy a rare day off from their duties, training, and other essential work. Having spent most of the previous week either inside the Queen Network or working with other recently empowered members of the Legion, Henry is quite tired mentally from being in constant Work Mode, and Ashley feels much the same way.

Unlike Henry, she's spent most of her time over the last seven months mastering her Monsterization. As time has passed, her ability to transform into an Orc has become second nature to her, to the point she can morph her body in seconds without even needing the Power Glove, and be able to maintain that level of strength indefinitely.

In fact, her strength has gradually increased to levels well beyond what any human doing ordinary strength training could accomplish. In a pinch, she can rip apart heavily armored tanks with her bare hands. She can easily lift a ten ton weight and throw it several hundred feet! She might not be at Henry's level yet, but she has the sense she may reach him in due time, and someday even surpass him.

But neither of the two thinks about those things.

Instead, they sit on a picnic blanket in a flower-covered field at the base of Mount Adams where one of the smaller local villages has sprung up spontaneously. Not many people live down there, but those who do tend to be civilians and non-essential personnel working light duty.

A warm spring breeze wafts across the meadow. One of the more interesting features of humanity living on two planets is that while spring might be happening on Maiura, it's already Autumn's equivalent on Tarus II. By the time summer arrives on Maiura, the snow will have begun to fall across humanity's main living areas on humanity's previous homeworld.

This has created an interesting but unexpected tourism mini-industry, one which will surely germinate and grow as the centuries and millennia pass. Someday, it will be completely ordinary for people to leave one of the worlds during the winter to live on the other in a summer home, even if the two populations 'technically' reside on one of the worlds primarily.

Ashley munches on a sandwich made with meat from a locally sourced Maiuran animal, some creature hunted in the nearby forces by the local villagers, with a couple slices of a tomato-like vegetable thrown in for added flavor. A line of meat-juice drips down her chin, which she hurriedly wipes away.

Henry lays on his back with his hands behind his head. He looks up at the sky, admiring the beautiful and thick cloud formations swirling above, making distinct patterns that he sometimes ascribes with anthropomorphic features subconsciously.

"Hey, can you pass me the juice?" Ashley asks, gesturing to a small container of liquid on Henry's opposite side.

He casually grabs it with one hand, passes the container over his chest to his girlfriend, then puts his hand back behind his head.

"Thanks." Ashley says, smiling at him.

She pauses for a moment, noticing Henry hasn't smiled back. He continues to look up at the sky, seemingly lost in his thoughts.

After pouring herself a cup of some locally sourced berry juice, Ashley sighs. "You're doing it again."

"Huh? Doing what?" Henry asks, blinking a few times as he slightly turns his head to look at her.

"You're living in your head. Again. With all the 'others.'"

Henry frowns slightly, then returns to looking up at the sky.

"Babe, I'm the leader of the Legion. I have to stay in contact with them. It's just a subconscious thing. I'm still right here, ready to talk whenever you need."

"We're supposed to be enjoying a day off _together._" Ashley says, her voice a tad bitter. "But you're always devoting a large part of your mind to _them_. It makes me feel like... like an accessory."

Once more, Henry looks at his girlfriend with a slight turn of his head. "Why do we always come back to this topic?"

"Because it's the big divide." Ashley answers, forcing herself to maintain a neutral tone. "I understand you have your responsibilities, Henry. But I'm always playing second fiddle to a thousand other people."

"Well, it's closer to fifty thousand now." Henry adds, before wincing when he realizes he only made her point stronger.

"Fifty thousand!" Ashley says, a little louder. She gives him an exasperated glance, then angrily chomps into her sandwich. "What are they telling you right now? That I'm whining again? Like always?"

"Babe. It's not like that." Henry says, rolling onto his side to lift up his head and rest his cheek on his palm. "I can't turn off the connection. They're always present, but we don't always... talk to each other? It's just a passive thing."

"It makes me uncomfortable." Ashley says, after a moment of silence. "Really uncomfortable. Sometimes, when I see you looking at me, it feels like, like, I guess like _twenty five thousand other men_ are also getting an eyeful. What are they saying about me? Are they judging me? I don't know. I can't hear them."

"Right, you can't hear them." Henry says. "So why does it matter?"

Seeing her expression darken, he quickly adds, "Look, you could just join the Legion, honey. It feels great, and you'd become so much stronger. Like me! What's wrong with that?"

"Humans aren't meant to share their every waking thought and emotion with a collective." Ashley counters. "We're not _bugs_, Henry. We might be social creatures, but too much intimacy is weird. I don't want to join Jepthath's cult."

Henry lowers his eyes to stare at the grass.

"It's not a cult..."

His argument feels feeble in the moment. Truthfully, he can't help but acknowledge her argument is an emotional one, but he understands why she feels that way. Perhaps he'd feel the same if he swapped places with her.

"Hey." Henry says, looking back up at her. "Is this why... you and I... we're never...?"

"Never what?" Ashley asks, meeting his gaze.

"You know." Henry says. "_Intimate._ You rarely kiss me. We've never had a toss in the sheets. We're basically just friends who look at each other affectionately. Is our relationship doomed to stay like this?"

This time, it's Ashley who breaks eye contact. She looks off into the distance, sighing with a heavy heart.

"Doomed? I don't know. I can't get that feeling of being watched out of my head. It wouldn't just be you and me. I'd feel as if I were being... ogled. Watched by a bunch of men I can't see or interact with. A peep show for creeps. It makes me... so uncomfortable."

Henry lifts himself up into a sitting position. He reaches out to touch Ashley's shoulder.

"Babe, it's not like that. I see and feel what the other Legion members feel. We're all so used to, you know, to frolicking and that other stuff, it's not like we're a bunch of perverts. There's just as many women as men in the Legion. For all of us, it's more of a... an emotional bonding experience. We all enjoy romance, love, sex... we all enjoy the carnal pleasures of the flesh, but we also experience what it feels to give birth, to experience the pain of motherhood. It brings us closer together."

"But see? See??" Ashley snaps, pulling away from his touch. "That's weird! It's creepy! God, hearing you describe it makes me feel even dirtier. _Carnal pleasures_, do you even hear the words you're using?"

Henry lowers his arm and hangs his head helplessly. "I... I don't know what to say. I'm just trying to-"

He pauses for a moment as a thought enters his mind, a thought transmitted from one of the female members of the Legion.

Slowly, he lifts his eyes up to look at the profile of his girlfriend's face, slightly alarmed.

"Hey... uh... this, uh... what is this... really about?"

"Pardon?" Ashley asks, glancing at him with a look of alarm.

Henry remains quiet for a moment. He decides to fess up.

"Lauren- you remember Lauren, right?"

Ashley nods slowly. "We met a few months ago. What about her?"

"Well, she told me just now... ah, I don't know if I should- well, I'll just... I can't stop thinking about it, now that she's mentioned it."

Henry bites his lip. He looks at Ashley with a guilty expression.

"You... do you have some... other reason, for worrying about, you know... the 'peep show' stuff. It doesn't quite- you know? It doesn't feel like it's coming entirely out of thin air."

Ashley looks at Henry. Her expression remains neutral for a moment. Then, her eyelids sag a little. She slowly looks at the ground.

"I don't want to talk about it."

Henry's heart skips a beat. "So, there is something- I, I mean... something bad?"

Ashley quickly shakes her head. Her expression becomes stony as she turns her head away from Henry.

"I _don't_ want to talk about it."

Inside Henry's head, the Legion remains quiet. All of them feel a deep and serious solemn pain cross their souls. Several of the women, and a surprising number of the men, they transmit a series of shared experiences among the collective. Henry experiences those emotions. He replays those painful memories, raw emotions that hurt to feel, as brutal acts of violence play out in all their minds.

Sadistic acts. Acts that no woman or man should ever have to suffer. Being pinned down, forced by someone stronger than them...

A flicker of rage passes over Henry's face, followed by an equally painful feeling of helplessness.

Ashley doesn't need to tell him what happened. After seven months together, the reasons for her hesitation become clear, making him feel guilty for not having noticed the signs sooner.

"I'm sorry." Henry says softly. "I didn't know. If... if that's the way you feel, I can see why... this relationship might not work out between us."

Ashley's body jerks slightly. She quickly turns her head to look at him.

"Henry, no. I- I don't want to... break up. I don't want that."

"I'm not going to subject you to any further pain." Henry says solemnly. "Humans suffered unimaginably before the Wordsmith appeared. I lost my friend Piper years ago. I know what the demons did to humans even before that. Hell, it wasn't just the demons, or the monsters. Humans could be equally cruel to their fellow men... and women. I can only imagine what you endured."

Ashley's breathing hastens. She lowers the half-eaten sandwich in her hand, shakily setting it and her drink on the picnic cloth before clasping her hands together.

"It's not like that, Henry. I just- I need to get over some stuff, okay? I'm trying to... to cope. I want to be strong and stand up for myself. I don't want to be weak... like I was before. But sometimes, there are these dark images I can't get out of my head. Memories."

She looks at him for half a second, then looks away.

"When I look at you, I think of when... when other people were looking at me. Laughing at me. Humiliating me. I should have said something sooner, but I've just kept it all inside for seven months, and now it's ruining another relationship. It always does."

"Nothing is ruined. Not yet." Henry says, steeling his voice. He quickly reaches out to touch her shoulder again. This time, she doesn't pull away. "Whatever you've gone through, I want to be there for you. I won't judge you for it. I won't blame you. How could I? It wasn't your fault."

He shifts his weight slightly, pulling himself a little closer. "Ashley. I love you. Okay? I really love you. And if this Legion thing bothers you. If it _really_ bothers you... I'll give it up."

"What?!" Ashley exclaims, turning to look at him in shock. "No! Henry, you can't. You have a duty. An obligation to humanity."

"No one man is the Legion." Henry says solemnly. "Obviously, if I could choose, I'd pick to keep you and the Legion both. But even if it means losing my new status, my superhuman powers, or all the rest of it, I'd still pick you. Because I think you're worth that much."

"What does it mean to be a human?" Henry continues. "Humans are so many things. We seek justice, we seek freedom... but we also seek love. Love is so important, and our enemies always underestimate just how essential it is to us. The demons never truly understood the love we feel, and neither did the angels. Especially not the Volgrim. It's why mothers give their lives to save their children, and fathers give their lives in war for their families. Frankly, if I wasn't willing to give up the Legion for you, I wouldn't be worthy of calling myself a man."

Ashley's expression softens. "You... don't have to go that far, Henry. I know how hard it was for you before you joined the Legion. I'd never make you give it up."

"You wouldn't be making me do anything." Henry says sternly. "I'd do it freely. For you."

Ashley smiles, a sad expression tinged with relief. To hear the man she loves finally putting her above the Legion makes her feel an unexpected warmth. She looks at Henry with a deeper affection than before, suddenly feeling her previous fears wash away.

"No. You stay with the Legion, Henry." Ashley says. "And you stay with me. We've needed to have this talk for a long time. I'm glad we did."

"I am too." Henry says, smiling toothily. "We'll work out the other stuff along the way. If you still have doubts moving forward... just tell me. Okay?"

"I'll tell you. I will." Ashley promises. "Thank you for being so understanding."

Henry and Ashley lean forward. They give each other a gentle kiss. She blushes cutely, then pulls away, returning to finish her sandwich, a happy glow on her face. At the same time, Henry smiles, feeling satisfied with how things have progressed between them.

Love is not a sprint, after all, but a marathon.

Only with understanding and acceptance can two people truly forge a lifelong bond.

In time, they can iron out the trauma she has experienced, and perhaps even move beyond it.

_Sometimes I forget just how much damage our species has endured,_ Henry thinks. _Today was a reminder not to live in my head and be so self-absorbed. Everyone has it rough, but some people have it worse than the rest._

Some time later, Henry returns to laying on his back with his hands folded behind his head. This time, he puts much more of his focus on his girlfriend, giving her the attention she deserves. As for the Legion, they do not bother him as much, and seek to keep out of his affairs to keep the cross-chatter to a minimum.

Their leader has earned that much.

Ashley takes a long sip from her drink. She turns to Henry as if to say something, then she pauses and cocks her head.

"Hm? Did you hear that?"

"Hear what?" Henry asks.

He sits up and looks around, yet even his superhuman hearing doesn't detect anything.

But then, after a few seconds, a distant scream of terror, barely audible, reaches his ears.

"Huh? Something's happening." Henry says, quickly jumping to his feet. "Stay here."

"No. I'll go with you." Ashley says, immediately monsterizing her body. 

In just five seconds, she grows from five and a half feet tall to over eight feet, towering above her boyfriend. Then, she and Henry take off toward the commotion.

As they race across the meadow, the distant scream becomes several. They quickly spot dozens of people running toward them in a panic, fleeing from something unseen. Looks of terror hang on all of their faces as they scramble over and around anything in their path, running like panicked animals.

It doesn't take Henry and Ashley long to find what caused the disturbance.

At the edge of the village, five bipedal creatures with mottled green skin and faceless heads grab hold of people, stab their arms into those people's chests, and penetrate their ribs with green slithering tentacles that invade their veins and infest their hearts.

Henry's heart goes cold. In a single second, his terror washes across the Legion, waking all of them up and rousing them from whatever activity they all might be pursuing at that moment.

[**KOLVAXIANS ON MAIURA!**] Jepthath's voice telepathically booms. [Everyone! TO ARMS!]