Part 354: Benjamin's Backstory
Part 354: Benjamin's Backstory

_Inside the Lazarus Tower._

Jason and Phoebe stand behind Fiona while she manipulates a custom-designed spiritual projection of data relating to the errant souls now 'swimming' within the Lazarus Tower's confines. With nothing to protect their souls, all their memories open up to Fiona, allowing her to visualize their entire lives as she pleases. She gains full access to every drop of knowledge they possess, allowing her to easily figure out the identities of every rescued human soul under her control.

Minutes stretch out into an hour. Jason and Phoebe watch silently as Fiona does her thing, combing through each of the one million souls one by one, until finally, Jason becomes too antsy to keep silent.

"This is taking forever." He mutters.

"I'm sorry." Fiona says, turning her head to smile apologetically at Jason. "I can't go any faster. There are more than a million souls here. I don't have an AI capable of reading and interpreting spiritual information, nor any way to 'filter' which souls I can look at first. I have to check them one by one to find Daisy."

Jason chews his lip. "How many have you checked so far?"

After a long, awkward pause, Fiona looks away and blushes.

"...Seventy-two."

The Wordsmith's brain practically implodes. He spins on his heel and sighs deeply. "That's not even remotely good enough! Seventy-two souls! At this rate it'll take you like, what, a million more minutes to search all the souls? What does that even come out to, like... like five months?"

"1 year, 10 months, 3 weeks, 8 days, and 40 minutes." Phoebe answers immediately, without batting an eye. When Jason looks at her in astonishment, she snorts. "_Roughly._"

"There HAS to be a way to speed this process up!" Jason complains, louder than before. "We need to know if Daisy is in there!"

Both women fall silent, nodding along to Jason's words. Their joking attitude fades, replaced instead with grim seriousness.

"Yeah. We do." Fiona mutters. "But I really don't have a way to speed this process up. Unless..."

"Unless?" Jason asks, turning to face her. "Unless what?"

For nearly a full minute, nobody says anything. Fiona stops her work to rub her chin. She hems and haws, shifting her gaze to look at the ten orbs floating above her. After a while, she smacks her forehead.

"Aha!"

"Aha?" Jason repeats.

She nods. "Ah-ha! I'm an errant soul, you see. So I can fly inside the tower's Soul Storage and question the other souls in groups. It's less reliable than searching their memories, but I can interview them all a hundred times quicker than if I manually searched their memories. Until they return to physical bodies, they won't lie to me, either, as their sense of 'person' won't return until they step back into the material world."

"That makes sense." Phoebe says with a nod. She looks at Jason. "But it will still take Fiona a while. We might as well get back to work until she finishes. We're wasting too much time standing here, when the demons could attack at any moment."

Jason hesitates for quite a while before groaning.

"Alright. Alright! I do have things I need to be doing. Fiona, just... you know, tell me when you're done."

His mind-wife nods. "I will. If Daisy's in here, I'll find her, Jason. I will."

Jason turns to leave, but pauses.

"Say, if you can go in there, what about Lorent and Shana?"

"Oh! That's a great point!" Fiona says, her eyes immediately sparkling. "Lorent is probably still walking with Shana off near the north side of the Fortress. Can you let him know what I'm doing and ask if he'll help? You can take care of Shana while we work, right?"

"I can." Jason says, flashing her a thumbs-up. "See you later, alligator."

"See you in a while, crocodile." Fiona laughs, before turning into a ball of light and flying into the Lazarus Tower's Soul Storage.

After she leaves, Jason momentarily becomes gloomy.

"Crocodile, huh..."

He shakes his head, turns around, and leaves with Phoebe on his arm.

After Jason and Phoebe leave, they give each other a kiss and split off, with Phoebe heading over to one of her workshops to manage the prototypes of the Power Glove, while Jason contacts Lorent and sends him to assist Fiona. After Lorent leaves, Jason turns to Shana's spirit-body, standing beside him, next to his knee.

"Hey, Shana! You wanna hang out with uncle Jason?"

[Yeah!] She exclaims.

Jason picks up the little girl and hoists her onto his shoulders, piggyback-style, just like he used to do with Daisy. Despite Shana's body being incorporeal and therefore weightless, the faint presence of her soul still makes her vaguely touchable, and thus, the Wordsmith can barely make out the sensation of her sitting on his shoulders if he concentrates his attention.

[Where we go? What we do?] Shana asks excitedly, while Jason hops around and bobs her on his shoulders.

"We are going to go talk to some friends!" Jason says, keeping his tone chipper. "I need to get some work done on-"

Before Jason can finish his sentence, a transmission beams into an earpiece lodged in his right ear, interrupting him.

He pauses, then frowns as a trooper in the HRZ communicates with him.

"What? Benjamin Brown? Why does that name sound familiar..."

It doesn't take Jason long before a memory flashes through his mind.

"Right. Tucker, that Hero in the revolver. Didn't he work with a guy named Benjamin Brown? But that was during the Energy Wars. There's no way he could still be alive..."

Remembering Marie's continued survival, Jason cocks his head.

"Well, I mean, there's not '_no_' way, I suppose."

Jason shrugs, then teleports himself and Shana to a designated meeting location at the edge of the HRZ, arriving atop a small building with a flat roof. At this position, no other humans would be in his way, and thus, he doesn't worry about accidentally teleporting inside someone, along with the gruesome implications.

He continues to allow Shana to ride piggyback while jumping off the roof. He walks through a doorway, and her head passes through the door's frame above, thanks to her spiritual body. If she were a real child, she'd have banged her head and started to cry, but luckily that doesn't happen.

The Wordsmith walks into the building to find a half dozen troopers in exosuits scattered around the room, standing guard, yet also at ease. They leave their guns slung over their backs, and only stay inside as a matter of ceremony, rather than due to any specific security concerns.

In the center of the room, a small rectangular tables sits, along with ten chairs, two of them occupied by a dark-skinned man and woman. The man, Benjamin Brown, leans back in his chair and smiles at Jason, while the women, Lily, eyes him curiously.

"So." Benjamin says, rising to his feet. "You are the Wordsmith. I have heard so much about you."

Jason pauses for half a second, eying Benjamin with surprise.

_What the hell? It really is the same guy! Benjamin looks quite a bit older, but not so much 100,000 years as maybe 50 or 60..._

Jason walks over to Benjamin Brown and shakes his hand. "I'm Jason Hiro. This cute girl on my shoulders is Shana."

Benjamin glances at the girl and nods. "An errant soul?"

"Something like that." Jason replies, not elaborating further.

Perhaps, if Benjamin were to know the child was actually an ancient Hero, he might be shocked and more than a little suspicious regarding her origins.

"This is my daughter, Lily." Ben says, gesturing to the pink-haired woman beside him.

When Jason hears her name and turns his attention away from Benjamin, his heart nearly stops.

_Holy shit! Lily? She's that woman Fiona made out with while possessing my body! She's actually the daughter of Benjamin Brown, too! How many coincidences can there be in this world??_

The Wordsmith forces a pained smile. "Pleasure to meet you, Lily. Um. Samantha... talks about you."

"Samantha?" Lily asks, cocking her head. "Do I know a Samantha?"

"Belial." Jason explains. "She calls herself Samantha, these days."

"OH! Beli! Yes, I saw her not too long ago!" Lily exclaims, her expression brightening. "She and I got all cozy and- ulp!"

Lily swallows her words when her father turns to look at her with an annoyed expression.

"I thought I told you to keep away from that seductress." Benjamin snaps. "You never do as I say!"

"But daddyyy!" Lily pouts. "I love Beli! She and I are such good... ahem, friends! We're _such good friends!_"

"Friends don't shove their tongues inside each other's cheeks." Benjamin grumbles.

With that out of the way, Jason takes a seat at the table directly across from Benjamin. Shana continues to sit on his shoulders, but also lazily flops across the top of his head and lets her arms hang down. Given her weightless body, the Wordsmith doesn't even notice her movements unless he pays close attention.

"So. Why did you want to see me?" Jason asks. "To be honest, I didn't know you were still alive. You specifically, I mean. I thought you would have died ages ago, given you're from the Energy Wars, and all that."

Benjamin's expression remains neutral. "Oh? You know about my involvement in the Energy Wars? I guess the rumors are true. You must have spoken to Marie."

Jason mentally facepalms. "Ah, yeah. Cat's out of the bag, I suppose."

"Haha. Me and Marie go way back..." Benjamin muses. "We're both more machine than human, these days. But back during those old wars... well, she and I were an item for a while. It's too bad about what happened to her. We drifted apart after the incident."

"What do you mean?" Jason asks. "What incident?"

"You should know perfectly well." Benjamin counters. "She was a human, once. Now she is a machine. She even keeps her former brain on her desk, as if it were a trophy she conquered. Once she made the transition from mortal to immortal she... changed."

Benjamin releases a long, soft sigh.

"She was never a particularly lovable woman, mind you. But after she cast aside her fleshly body, she lost all traces of humanity. Compassion, love, all of it. She became a cold and calculating genius, able to think tens of thousands of times faster and more intensely than ever before. Even today, she's nothing more than a ball of schemes. I broke our relationship off when I realized she had lost all romantic interest in me."

Jason pokes his chin thoughtfully. "That can't be right. I saw with my own eyes that Marie still cares for her crocodiles and alligators. She treats the lizardmen like beloved pets, heaping adoration upon them."

"Oh? For some reason, she still loves them, yes." Benjamin affirms, as if remembering that one detail. "But to be fair, she's always loved lizards and reptiles. It's because of her grandfather, you see."

Benjamin pauses before continuing.

"Her grandfather adored her. I never met the fellow, he was long dead before I ever came into the picture, but the way Marie talked about him, she acted as if he was the kindest and most doting man she had ever known."

Benjamin glances at Jason. "You were cryogenically frozen, right? You lived around the time of the Energy Wars, if I remember correctly."

"I did, yes." Jason says with a nod. "Bit before, I think. I went into cryo-stasis in the year 2020."

"Oh, that was quite a while before the war itself broke out." Benjamin mutters. "Well, Marie's grandfather, apparently he fought in World War II. I have to respect veterans of the Two Great Wars. What was his name? Harold, I think? Hmm. You should ask her about him sometime. If she still has any humanity left in her, she'll absolutely break into starry-eyed smiles talking about old Harold."

Jason nods, but the topic of Marie's lineage doesn't interest him much. "Right. Well, regarding your arrival here...?"

"Sorry. I lost my train of thought." Benjamin chuckles. "I decided I want to join your resistance. The demons have harmed humanity for too long, and it's about time someone fought back. Having a Hero, versus not having a Hero, those two things are very different scenarios."

He continues. "Frankly, I wanted to join you sooner, but I was in an untenable position, living on Hell Harbor. I couldn't have possibly gotten my daughter and the rest of our family out alive, not while escaping the demons, so you saved me a great deal of trouble."

"I'm glad to help." Jason says. "Though I am curious. According to the files Lieutenant Samuel sent me, you lived a pretty good life on Hell Harbor. Heck, you even lived in the Slithering Spire, which is the place Beelzebub ran. Beelzebub... the same demon who detonated his body and killed over a million people, including my daughter. How do you explain... all of that situation?"

As if connecting the dots, Benjamin looks up at Shana and sighs.

"I'm... sorry about your child."

"Shana isn't my daughter." Jason answers, his expression turning cold. "Not the one who died, anyway. I might adopt Shana at some point, but don't misunderstand."

"Ah. I see. I thought, given her spirit-body... never mind."

Benjamin Brown shakes his head.

"That Beelzebub. He was quite the monster. Nobody liked him. Why, I even fought him, once. He nearly killed me."

"You did?" Jason asks, visibly surprised. "With your robotic body, you were able to face a Duke?"

"I didn't say I won. I lost, and quite badly." Benjamin mutters. "If he were a Baron, I'd have likely crushed him. But as a Duke, Beelzebub was simply too formidable. Oh, yes, and his servant girl attacked my sweet Lily, as well. Psh. Compared to Master Agares, that Beelzebub was nothing but trouble."

Lily scowls. "That fat b-word! Jeez! She was so infuriating."

"Anyway," Benjamin continues, "I am here now, and that's what matters. I hope you will accept my help in fighting the demons. I was once a feared enemy of their kind. I killed more than a dozen Dukes, but never managed to slay a genuine Emperor."

Jason gazes at the man across from him, as if trying to pierce through Ben's skin with his eyes.

"What are you, exactly? Are you like Marie?"

"No, no, heavens, no." Benjamin says. "Marie placed her soul and memories into a robotic body. My body, however, is still about fifty percent organic. I am a cyborg. A Vanguard, to be more specific. During the Energy Wars, super soldiers like me were created by the world governments to stand up to our demon and Volgrim enemies."

Benjamin slaps his left bicep.

"Plenty of my skin and muscles are still 100% grade-A human. My internal organs, though, those were replaced ages ago. It's why I can't die of old age. I have the unique ability to repair my fleshy-parts through the process of absorption."

Jason narrows his eyes in concentration. "I don't follow. You can, what? Absorb flesh to restore flesh?"

"Not flesh. Energy. Mana, in particular." Benjamin says. "Since my enemies were primarily demons, Marie made systems capable of ripping the mana out of other life forms to rapidly regenerate my body in the event I took too much damage. This ability was also quite useful against Psions, but not against humans or other entities of a non-magical nature, such as Technopaths, Changelings, and so on. Not only did I have this ability, but so did all the other Vanguards. Sadly, they all died during the final battle. I am the only one remaining."

Benjamin lowers his eyes. He exhales deeply.

"Tsk... I lost my brother to the Volgrim. Darnell Brown. He was a good man, and an excellent soldier. But the higher-ups used him as a sacrifice to save lives. I'm sure he was happy to go out a hero if it meant fewer civilian casualties."

"I'm sorry for your loss." Jason mutters. "That can't have been easy to deal with."

"Losing family never is." Benjamin answers, shooting a pointed look at the Wordsmith. "I'm sure you'd know."

"Mmm."

Jason and Benjamin both remain quiet for a few seconds, allowing the atmosphere to tense up.

"Regarding my joining you." Benjamin eventually says. "I am old now. I can still fight like hell, if necessary, but I am also an accomplished war veteran and tactician. If I can help you fend off the demonic hordes, I will happily lend my assistance."

"That's... an awfully generous offers." Jason says slowly. "But letting a newcomer into the command structure, especially someone who's lived among demons... I'm sure you can understand my hesitation."

"I am no friend of demonkind." Benjamin says.

"I would never say as much." Jason replies. "But that doesn't mean others will believe you. I can't personally vouch for you. I could simply force everyone to accept my decision, but I would prefer not to rely on such means. It's better if everyone accepts you themselves, for the sake of top-level cohesion."

"Haha. I completely understand." Ben says, holding his open palms outward in a show of good faith. "I would be alarmed if I were in your position, too. What if I am actually a demonic sympathizer? It would not be a wise choice to grant me access to any classified information. Perhaps we should shelve my joining for a time. I'm in no rush, though given the movements I've heard about from the demon higher-ups, they certainly are."

"What movements?" Jason asks. His gaze shows a trace of suspicion. "And... how do you know about what the demon higher-ups are planning?"

"Ose and the rest have held me hostage for tens of millennia," Benjamin says, raising his chin and sighing helplessly toward the ceiling. "They used my daughters, my sons, and my wives as collateral to keep me in check. On the surface, I was a free man living in the Slithering Spire. But in reality, I was a pawn they yanked around to try and deduce the thoughts of their human enemies. That means you."

"I was under the impression Ose was an expert in human psychological warfare." Jason says, continuing to stare with suspicion at Benjamin. "Why would she need your opinion?"

"Ose might have attended human universities and absorbed much of our literature, but she is not a human herself." Benjamin explains. "If you were in her position, would you not seek a second opinion? Just to ensure the smoothness of your plans. Even now, do you not ask Belial for help when dealing with demons?"

"Ah. That does make sense." Jason mutters, loosening his gaze and leaning back in his chair. "Hmm. I can see how all of those millennia would be a real problem for you. Well, if nothing else, I am an advocate for second chances. Forgive and forget, and all of that."

"That is a noble ideal." Benjamin says, smiling. "Forgiveness is the virtue closest to the Creator, while greed is the sin he hates most."

"I didn't take you for a religious man." Jason says, his tone more casual than at the start of their conversation.

"Oh, I'm not religious in the least." Benjamin retorts. "But... I've had a few out of body experiences. I once dreamed that I spoke to the Creator. It didn't go quite the way I imagined. He was... surprisingly casual. Less lofty than I expected."

"Dreams can be strange, indeed." Jason concludes.

The Wordsmith and Benjamin continue talking idly for a while.

Eventually, Jason rests his hands on his lap.

"I'll take your request under consideration, Benjamin. After losing Neil, we've been needing someone with strategic large-scale warfare knowledge. My future plans require that I shore up my mental weaknesses with someone more proficient in these matters, though such candidates are, as you might expect, difficult to find."

"And what exactly are your future plans?" Benjamin casually asks.

Jason quietly raps his fingers against his thighs, thinking carefully about whether or not he should trust Benjamin with any specific information.

"...I'm developing powerful new weapons to deal with the demons." Jason slowly says. "One of them might even be compatible with your physiology. It would let humans, demons, and monsters transform their bodies into other species. I call it the Power Glove. Once I finish work on it, it will allow my armies to fight at levels not seen even in the Energy Wars."

Benjamin's eyes glint with interest. "That sounds exciting. I won't lie, such a device interests me greatly. I'm something of a battle-maniac myself. Or at least, I was in my youth. Still, my old servos sometimes ache for a chance to crush some skulls."

"Maybe you'll get a shot at that, and soon." Jason replies.

After a while, Jason stands up. Benjamin and Lily do as well, giving the Hero a farewell as he turns to leave the room.

"This conversation has been pretty interesting." Jason says. "Thank you for your unique insights. I'll keep in touch."

"I'll be here if you need me." Benjamin answers, bowing his head.

The Wordsmith nods. He shakes Benjamin's hand, then leaves the man and his daughter alone in the room.

After the Wordsmith departs, Benjamin casually sits back down. He requests a cup of coffee from one of the nearby guards, then smiles at his daughter.

"There's nothing to be worried about, Lily. It seems we'll be able to make a... _bigger impact_ here than we could before."

Lily blinks twice at her father's cryptic words.

"Hmm? Daddy?"

"Ahaha..." Benjamin chuckles lightly. A strange gleam shimmers in his eyes. "Fate likes to play tricks on people. Who would have thought I'd end up here... right in the _heart_ of the human resistance."