Part 255: Two Mommies!
Part 255: Two Mommies!

_Hero City General Hospital, inside its western wing._

Belial gently squeezes Phoebe Hiro's leg, having just finished healing it with her magic. Both women sit together on the edge of a small hospital bed, while Daisy Hiro stands beside her mother and hugs her waist. Blinker sits on Phoebe's shoulder, while the rotund demoness, Rosalia, hangs off a bit more to the side of the room, away from the others. She's not nearly as close to them as they are to each other, and with the Second Emperor there, she makes sure to give these companions plenty of space.

"All better!" Belial says, smiling prettily at Phoebe. "But you should be more careful. If something happened to you, I'd have to go out there and make those demons suffer."

Phoebe blushes. "It's only an injured leg. My T-REX activated at the last second and protected me from the crash. You don't need to worry so much."

"I do," Belial says, shaking her head. "Jason isn't here, so I'm the only one who can protect you."

"Oh, Jason!" Phoebe says, her eyes lighting up. "Blinker saw him on the battlefield! He appeared in a soul-form and chatted with her for a bit!"

Belial's eyes widen. "Err, what? He did?"

"Yeah! Just like I said!" Daisy yells, puffing out her chest. "See? I told you I saw my daddy! I saw his ghost flying around!"

"...I suppose you did," Belial replies, shaking her head in disbelief. "Jason even said you'd gotten hurt, Phoebe."

"That must be why you didn't look too surprised when I showed up!" Phoebe laughs. She and Belial share a moment of tenderness, before their happiness melts away. After exchanging words for a few minutes, their faces turn grim.

"How is the war going?" Belial asks. "I've been getting a steady stream of injured people, but their numbers seem to be dwindling. I can only hope we're performing better on the battlefield than the demons..."

Phoebe shakes her head. "If you're getting fewer patients, it's not because we're performing amazingly out there; just the opposite. The demons are killing our people before they can teleport away. Their methods are becoming more brutal over time."

Blinker, still sitting on Phoebe's shoulder, nods. "Yeah. I had to fight the Battle Brothers. Before I showed up, they were cutting our friends down like orcs stomping puppies. It was awful! Those monsters loved it, too! They really enjoyed killing! What a giant pair of buttheads!"

"I've seen the worst of humankind, but also demonkind, too," Belial says, shaking her head. "The more violent a war becomes, the more crazed my people will become. You shouldn't stay here any longer, Phoebe. Take Blinker and get back out there. Everyone needs you. Even if Jason returns, there's no guarantee he alone can end the war. You're our best hope for stabilizing the situation."

"I know," Phoebe says. She turns to smile at Daisy. "You've been a good girl for Aunt Samantha, right?"

"Yeah-huh!" Daisy chirps. "I've been helping a whole bunch, mommy! Me and aunt S'matha can make all the boo-boos go bye-bye!"

"Haha, I'm sure you can," Phoebe says. She leans down and kisses Daisy's forehead, then steps off the bed. When she turns to Belial, she pauses, noticing how the Second Emperor's gaze toward her daughter has changed.

"...Samantha? Is something the matter?"

Belial blinks. "Hm? Oh, no, not really. It's just... well, your little girl is pretty incredible. Assuming we survive this war, I'll explain then."

"Of course we will," Phoebe replies, her confidence unshakable. "Now that I know Jason is alive and well, surveying the situation, I have nothing to fear. He'll show up eventually. When he does, he'll completely overturn all of that wretched Ose's plans!"

Belial rises to her feet as well. Her skinny little succubus tail squirms around behind her as she notices the dazzling adoration in Phoebe's eyes. Feeling just a little bit shy, the Second Emperor suddenly leans forward and pecks Phoebe on the cheek, then pulls away, blushing like a teenager.

"Hm?" Phoebe grunts, surprised by the succubi's actions. "W-what was that for?"

"Just... just a good-luck kiss!" Belial stammers. "Nothing more! Now, go, already! Go save some lives! I have patients I need to heal!"

Blinker smirks, while Phoebe smiles. Before Belial can say another word, Phoebe pulls toward her and kisses her cheek as well.

"There. That's _my_ good-luck charm. I'll definitely return in the future, don't you worry. You just stay here and bring my soldiers back from the brink of death. There's no place safer than the hospital right now, so you and Daisy will be just fine."

Belial, having experienced her first reciprocated kiss from Phoebe, stands and stares dumbly at her.

"...Uh huh. Okay. We'll be fine. You too."

Phoebe exits the room, along with Blinker, leaving Belial, Rosalia, and Daisy behind.

After a few seconds of awkward silence, Belial turns to Rosalia. "Erm, ahem! Send in the next patient!"

Rosalia rolls her eyes. "Yes, Emperor Belial."

After she walks out to fetch another wounded soldier, Belial glances at Daisy, who now wears a solemn look on her face.

"Daddy says when two people kiss each other, it means they can get married. Will aunt S'matha become my second mommy?"

Belial's expression becomes equally serious. "I sure hope so."

Daisy's smile radiates sunshine. "Yay! Two mommies!"

---

_A few hours later._

Belial and Rosalia continue their unending workload. Over and over, they shuttle in one patient after another. Unlike before, however, Belial divides the work with Daisy. Daisy uses her magical abilities to heal troops, startling the Second Emperor repeatedly.

_Incredible,_ Belial thinks. _No matter how many people Daisy heals, she never seems to get tired. Is her mana source inexhaustible? Her healing speed is significantly slower than mine, but in return, she can even heal brain injuries! It must have been Daisy who healed me a few months back._

Belial watches as, for the hundredth time, Daisy touches an injured soldier, a man missing his right arm. Dozens of horrific cuts, bruises, and broken bones reside within his body, but within minutes, his expression begins to clear up. Slowly, he opens his eyes and coughs.

"Ugh... where...?"

"You're fine, soldier," Belial says. "Your suit returned you to the hospital. We've just finished healing you. Take some time to rest while your body regenerates."

The man blinks several times. Eventually he comprehends the succubi's words. "Ohh... thank you, miss... ugh... my head hurts."

Daisy glances at the man's face. "Mmm. there's a really bad boo-boo there. One sec!"

She reaches toward his face and pokes his cheek. A minute later, his complexion improves, and he blinks his eyes. He looks at the little girl and scrunches his face together. "...Huh? Aren't you the Hero's daughter?"

"Mhm! That's me, Daisy!"

"Wow. I... I must sincerely thank you, little girl. You saved my life."

"I sure did! Daddy said good girls always help others!"

The man lifts his hand and strokes Daisy's head. "Haha... yeah. You're a good girl, indeed."

Despite Daisy's incredible healing magic, the man's missing arm doesn't regenerate. For some reason, the child's recovery abilities don't extend to regrowing lost limbs, but Belial easily takes care of that herself. The soldier weeps grateful tears to both of his saviors, then hobbles out of the room, wincing as his body puts itself back together.

Belial purses her lips. _It seems I was wrong. It's not that Daisy has an inexhaustible amount of mana, but rather... she isn't healing people with her own power. Her abilities merely hyper-stimulate the person's cells, allowing them to recover on their own. That must be why they can't regrow their limbs. Perhaps, if Daisy stimulated their cells for several days, they would eventually regenerate their whole body, but for now, I'll have to help in that area._

_What a strange ability. I haven't met many healers in my life,_ Belial ponders further, as she waits for Rosalia to bring in the next patient. _Those I have were usually much less talented than me. Uzziel, the Archangel of Creation, was probably the only other being who could match me in terms of healing powers. Even then, she couldn't clear Agares' poison from Michael's arm, all those years ago. Because of that, she could never heal her brother's most grievous injury. It seems every healer has a weakness in some field; nobody is completely comprehensive in their abilities._

As she waits, Belial sighs.

_Agares. He was one of the few demons I admired. He wasn't as strong as me or any of the other Emperors, but he was open-minded and had a broad outlook on life. Losing him was a tragedy. How many more must die before demonkind abandons their violent ways? Or... are we doomed to perish forever because of our hubris?_

A minute passes, and Rosalia guides another injured soldier into the room, this time a woman clutching several bloody rags to her stomach. She lays on a rolling hospital bed, moaning incomprehensibly under her breath. "Ohh... uhh..."

"Significant internal bleeding," Rosalia says, as she reads the chart at the end of the bed. "Multiple claw slashes to her abdomen. She's also inhaled some magical fire, so there are severe burns inside her throat and lungs."

"Daisy, this one is yours," Belial says, smiling gently. "If you're too tired-"

"Nope! I'm fine!" Daisy says. She walks toward the woman, eyeballs her for a moment, and rests her hand on the soldier's heart. After holding her palm there for about ten seconds, Daisy pulls away. "Okay. This big sister isn't hurt too bad! Her pain-spots are tiny."

Belial inspects the woman with her demonic senses. "Mmm. Yes, she'll be fine now, thanks to you. Rosalia?"

Rosalia nods. "I'll take her to an empty ward, then bring in the next-"

Suddenly, at that moment, all of the lights in the hospital go out!

Amidst the darkness of the night, a pure and encompassing blackness swallows the room, making Belial, Daisy, and Rosalia jump in alarm.

"What happened to the lights?" Rosalia asks.

"I don't know," Belial says. "The backup generators should turn on soon, though."

As she speaks, Belial's skin begins to crawl. A foreboding sensation slithers up her back and squeezes her heart, making her eyes dart around. Even with the instant darkness swallowing the room, she and Rosalia both possess demonic eyes capable of piercing the gloom. Unlike humans, with their feeble pupils that require tens of minutes to adjust to a rapid change in light, the Emperor and Demon Grunt both can easily pick out all of the furniture in the room, along with the window, the walls, and each other.

As Belial narrows her eyes, her heart practically jumps out of her chest! In the darkness, she spots the movement of an unknown creature, one comprised entirely of shadow. It barely moves a fraction of an inch, its actions so minor that nobody would ever assume anything was actually there, but with her rich years of experience, the Second Emperor immediately identifies it.

Belial roars. "You! Servant of Yama! Show yourself! I'll rip you to pieces if you don't!!"

The shadow freezes. After a moment, it moves again, splitting into three separate, but distinct, demonic entities. One of them morphs into a demon female, with two small horns sticking out of her head. Another resembles an orc woman, with a gigantic body and powerful muscles. The last one shapeshifts into a human woman with indistinct features. All of the shadows appear ethereal and indistinct, making them difficult to pick out in the darkness.

"We suppressed our auras, yet you still saw us," The human-shaped shadow says. "I guess it's true what they say about you; Nobody sneaks up on the Second Emperor."

"_Malice,_" Belial says, biting off the name. Her tone contains more than a hint of venom. "For you to cut off the lights and then suddenly show up here... you've got guts. Do you think I can't slaughter the three of you like lambs, just because you have the absolute domain of darkness at your beck and call?"

Malice hesitates for a moment before chuckling. "...Hehe. Master Yama gave us a mission. We have no way to refuse, so here we are. Step aside and let us take what we want. We'll leave here without any unnecessary... _casualties_."

"You're threatening me?" Belial asks. "I always knew Yama's whores would follow that disgusting lecher's orders at all costs, but I didn't think you were suicidal maniacs!"

"We can't kill you, or injure you grievously," Malice says, flashing an evil grin. "But what about the other humans here? It seems you care a great deal about these feeble fleshbags. You're exhausting yourself, all to heal a bunch of worthless meatshields! It would be a shame if I crushed their heads into mulch!"

Belial's ferocious anger subsides slightly. She pulls Daisy behind her, as if realizing something. "...Why have you come here?"

"Why ask a question when you already know the answer?" Malice retorts. "Give us that child! We want the Hero's daughter!"

"So, you're here for Daisy," Belial says, gnashing her teeth. "You idiots! Did you think you could pressure me so easily?! Ten thousand of you couldn't harm me, let alone three! As long as Daisy stays near me, my ambient mana will be more than enough to keep her away from the likes of you!"

Malice appears unmoved. The leader of the trio glances at her sisters, then back to Belial. "You've been stuck here healing humans for a full day now. Your mana reserves are much _lower_ than usual. We might not be able to defeat you under normal circumstances, but this time... who can say what will happen?"

Belial's expression doesn't change, but heart heart jumps in alarm.

_They know? No! They must be guessing! I've had Daisy helping me heal for the past half-day, so I've recovered somewhat from overdrawing my mana... but I'm certainly much weaker than usual!_

The Second Emperor glances at Rosalia.

_She's only a Demon Grunt. Even a Demon Baron would struggle to deal with Shades, let alone a mere Grunt! But what choice do I have? I can't fight these Shades and protect Daisy at the same time!_

Belial stalls for time. "Why do you want Daisy?"

"Isn't that obvious?" One of the other Shades, the demoness-shaped one, answers. "Master Yama wants a new toy. He's going to violate that little brat and turn her into our new little sister. If you weren't so dried-up and used, you could have become his as well, you nasty succubus skank. Too bad, now you're nothing but a worn-out old hag."

Belial scowls.

_That certainly sounds like Yama's modus operandi, but... it's not quite right. Daisy only just unlocked her magical abilities a few hours ago. There's no way Yama could have found out in such a short time! Why would he be so interested in a random little girl? The answer is obvious! It's because she's Jason's daughter! Damn! His real target isn't Daisy, he just wants to use her so he can capture the Wordsmith!_

Malice rolls her eyes at the demon-shaped Shade, Greed. "Sigh. Just because someone asks a question, you don't have to answer! Never mind the chit-chat. Let's work together and grab the child!"

Daisy squeezes Belial's leg. "A-aunt S'matha!"

"Don't worry! I'll protect you!" Belial yells.

Greed and the giant-orc-type Shade, Demise, jump to the corners of the room opposite Belial and Rosalia, while Malice stays in place and begins weaving a powerful spell symbol.

"Protect the brat if you want, Belial! Too bad, I don't think you're at your peak! How long can you last against Yama's strongest, I wonder?!"