"Lady Berthold. The King requires your presence at the Round Table."

The militiaman bowed his head as Phoebe, the leader of the Silver Battalion, entered. She, in turn, sheathed her sword. "Thank you, Private. I will leave at once."

Phoebe examined her wooden training dummy to see how deep her strikes had cut. As usual, she was almost at the point where she could chop its head off, but not quite.

_My sword arm lacks striking power. Ah, well. Perhaps someday that will change._ Phoebe thought.

Phoebe walked outside. Her boots _clomped_ against the cobblestone streets as she picked up her pace. She headed away from the knight training yard, past the stables, up toward the castle. The hustling and bustling commoners paid her no mind.

Her steel armor glinted in the midday sunlight, and her white hair fluttered in the breeze. Occasionally, she caught sight of a familiar soldier here and there who nodded politely at her, their looks of respect and desire apparent on their faces.

_A lady of the court must remain chaste._ Phoebe reminded herself. Besides, she had no interest in the other knights. Despite several approaching her over the last several years, she always turned them down. The only man she felt anything towards was King Arthur. Naturally, her feelings for him amounted to deep respect and admiration, nothing else.

She adjusted her belt fittings and looked up in surprise as one of the Knights of the Round fell into step beside her. "Oh! Sir Percival! How are you faring on this beautiful morning?"

The tall and lanky man smiled kindly. His blonde hair tilted forward as he gave a polite nod. "Lady Berthold. I am quite well. Are you headed to the Round Table as well?"

She smiled. "I am. The King must have summoned both of us. I wonder to what end?"

"Aye." Percival and Phoebe increased their pace. "Summoning us to the Round Table must mean important business."

Minutes passed. The two chatted politely about this and that. They stepped into the castle, and Phoebe lowered her gaze. "Do you think His Majesty will finally assign me a combat task? Until now, he's only directed me to train myself and the other troops."

Percival shrugged. "Anything is possible. The demons have been plotting a major attack on Camelot for quite some time. I imagine His Majesty is feeling anxious."

"As would anyone," Phoebe murmured.

She and Percival strode into the antechamber of the Round Table and raised their eyebrows as they spotted the other ten knights awaiting their arrival.

"Sir Percival. Lady Berthold. Welcome." Lancelot, the King's right-hand knight, nodded at them as they entered. His commanding physique, chiseled chin, and piercing eyes made any woman swoon. Indeed, the rumors spoke of him being equal to the King when it came to his conquest of demons and females alike.

"Sir Lancelot." Phoebe took up her seat a few spots away from him and blushed as once again, she felt the weight of her position at the table. _The only female to ever be knighted and appointed to the Round Table. Compared to the others here... I feel unworthy._ Phoebe thought.

The last chair, a golden throne, stood emptily at the opposite side of the table from Phoebe. A chill went down her arms as she imagined Arthur's handsome face when he entered. _Soon, His Majesty will sit across from me, and I will gaze upon his visage._ Phoebe thought.

The King, of course, was widely known to be the noblest man in the land. In addition to his beautiful wife, Guinevere, he had a dozen concubines at any given time, all chosen from the most beautiful women of his court.

Every knight, including Phoebe, bowed their heads and folded their hands together on the table to join in prayer. When they finished, they stared at the King's throne in silence and waited for his arrival.

Five minutes later, the far door swung open. The Knights of the Round rose to their feet and turned to face the King as he walked in. "Hello, my paladins. Apologies for running late. Little Morgan wouldn't cease her sobbing. She prefers her mother's touch to mine."

Phoebe smiled. _What a devout family man His Majesty is._ Phoebe thought.

Arthur quickly seated himself at the table and nodded. "At ease."

The knights smoothly seated themselves. Lancelot touched a few scrolls before him. "I brought intelligence reports from our southern borders. Sightings of demons have increased of late."

"And I bring news of a witch from the north," Sir Gawain remarked. "A villager described a young woman of short height with a lovely and fair complexion. However, we suspect she may be a demon shapeshifter, given her barbarism and power."

"Aye," Sir Kay said. "And just today we've beheaded four traitors to the crown. The ones I spoke of two fortnights past."

Arthur sighed. "Haah... as always, trouble brews. A king's rest never comes. Let's begin with the demon sightings, Sir Lancelot. What are their numbers and military might? Can one of you dispatch them quickly, or must I go there myself?"

The other knights began discussing their information with the King, but Phoebe stared in silence, twirling her fingers together. Her eyes glazed over, and she looked past the King toward the stained-glass window behind him. It depicted the Virgin Mother as she held her beloved child, baby Jesus. As Phoebe eyed the window, her thoughts turned inward, toward her own family life.

Minutes passed. Sir Gawain and Percival broke out into a minor spat over how to divert resources from one border to the other. Eventually, the King tapped the table. "Lady Berthold? Lady Berthold?"

"Huh?" Phoebe blinked, suddenly realizing everyone was staring at her. "O-oh! Sorry! What was the question?"

Arthur smiled pleasantly. "I asked if the newest batch of militiamen were ready to send to the southern border. Do you believe they've trained enough?"

Phoebe swallowed. "With all due respect, Your Grace, I believe they require a few more weeks of training. The archers might prove useful in the meantime, but their horsemanship lacks finesse."

"That won't do," Lancelot said, cutting in. "I won't send unprepared young men out to die against the demon hordes. We should transfer our more capable warriors from the palace to the southern border, and put the recruits here."

"B-but..." Phoebe swallowed. "That would leave the castle weakened."

"Aye, but it is unlikely that any demons will show up so deep within our borders. We anticipate it will take but a month or so for our troops to crush the demons in the south. Once they finish, they will return post-haste."

Phoebe nodded at Sir Lancelot. "Of... of course. That is sensible."

King Arthur examined Phoebe shrewdly with his sparkling blue eyes. "Is there something the matter, Lady Berthold? You've hardly said a word since I arrived."

Blood rushed to Phoebe's cheeks. "Oh, no! Not at all! I- I um, well, I feel a little... um... small."

Several of the knights glanced at one another. Arthur rubbed his chin. "Hmm. You are the newest paladin here, and a lone woman, to boot. You probably feel somewhat inadequate, seated at this table of legends."

Phoebe's blushing intensified. "Y-yes."

"I see." Arthur looked away. "Sometimes, I forget how difficult it must feel for you to fit in. Nevertheless, you are a fantastic swordswoman, one who bested Gawain in mock-combat. We vexed him endlessly as a result of his defeat. However, it is not your prowess with the blade that I value, but your ability to intuit the feelings of others. Tell me, how does my kingdom view me?"

Arthur held up a finger to silence Phoebe. "Gawain, you answer first. How do those living in the less prosperous district of Trost view my reign?"

Gawain shuffled uncomfortably. "W-well, my King... ah... I hardly travel to Trost. The last I heard, they suffered a plague and had to burn the bodies."

"That was three years ago," Arthur muttered. "Lancelot. How about you? What does Trost think of my reign?"

The muscular knight bowed his head. "I do not know, my liege. Matters regarding the military always occupy my time."

"But Lady Berthold does," Arthur said with a smile. "She has never visited Trost, yet I guarantee she knows more of their current situation than anyone else at this table. All she needs is to speak with villagers and citizens, and they open up to her in ways you men couldn't imagine. Isn't that right?"

Phoebe twirled a hair around her finger. "Somewhat, Your Grace. After the plague, the citizens of Trost held animosity toward the crown. However, when a voodoo demon appeared in their village, you sent Sir Tristan there to slay the demon. People later went on to blame the bastard for the plague and forgive the crown. Their troubles have lessened noticeably as a result."

Arthur clapped his hands together twice. "Good, very good. You see? You have value and intuition that the men here lack. Don't look down on yourself simply because you lack for military conquests. Heaven knows you will someday get the chance. Our enemies never stop plotting against humanity."

Percival reached over and rested his hand on Phoebe's. "The King is right, Lady Berthold. Everyone here values you. Do not be so eager to stain your sword with blood."

Phoebe relaxed visibly. "Alright. I apologize for my... my lack of conviction."

Arthur returned his gaze to Sir Gawain. "Very good, then. Gawain, tell me more about this beautiful witch that has been attacking our villages."

"Aye, Your Majesty. She is a young woman, perhaps twenty-five years of age. The villagers speak of her long, black hair and blood-red eyes..."

Phoebe turned away from Gawain's debriefing to gaze at Percival, whose hand still rested on hers. He quickly retracted his touch and blushed awkwardly. "Ah... forgive me for my... impropriety."

Phoebe gently reached around and rubbed his back. "There's nothing to forgive."

...........................................

_Two weeks later._

Phoebe watched silently as the captured demons shuffled through the streets, their hands, feet, and necks shackled and bound with powerful restriction magic. Female and male demons of many varieties gazed around at the wall of knights surrounding them on both sides. They whimpered in despair as heavily armored soldiers marched them to the dungeons.

Gawain stood beside Phoebe and clapped his hands eagerly. "Chop chop! Let's get a move on! I want these prisoners ready for interrogation by no later than midday!"

The demons included not only imps, but children, too. Phoebe watched as a little demon girl with white hair shuffled along behind the taller ones silently, emptiness in her eyes.

"Sir Gawain, are you planning to torture all of these demons?"

Gawain shook his head. "Not I. The court appointee, Sir Gallant the Brave. I lack the finesse required for torture. He will certainly find the locations of their hidden dens."

A horrible rolling pain formed in Phoebe's gut as she watched the last of the demons walk up the street. "Is... is the brutality necessary?"

Gawain glanced at her. "Of course. Even if we required no information, they're _demons_! God demands that all of their kind be broken and slain. Finding out where more of their wicked kin are hiding is but a bonus."

Phoebe clutched her stomach and nodded. Gawain walked away to follow the demon convoy.

Eventually, Phoebe slowly turned to walk back to the training stables. _How cruel. The demons look similar to us, but with different skin, horns, and pointy ears. Why must we torture them? Is there no better way?_ Phoebe thought.

Before entering the training facility, Phoebe slammed into someone walking out, falling hard on her rear and wincing in pain. The voice of Sir Percival greeted her ears. "Ah! Lady Berthold! I'm so sorry! Forgive me!"

When she looked up at his face, her feelings of discomfort erupted all at once into powerful emotions she couldn't contain. Tears rolled down Phoebe's face. She looked away and tried to control her sobbing, and wiped her eyes furiously.

Percival stared at her in confusion. "O-oh goodness! I wasn't watching where I was going!" He knelt to her level, his hands shaking as he tried to figure out how badly he hurt her. "Are you okay? Shall I call a medic?"

"Hic..." Phoebe rubbed her eyes on her arms and trembled. "It's not you! It's me! I'm too weak... I can't even look! Oh god, it hurts to think about!"

Percival opened and closed his mouth several times, trying to parse her emotions. Unfortunately, unlike the other knights, his experience with women was quite limited. Percival could do little more than pray he hadn't hurt her too badly.

Eventually, he settled with just staring at Phoebe's feet while she wept. Three minutes passed before Phoebe could get her emotions under control. She finally looked at Percival, tears staining her face. "I... I'm sorry. I can't control it. The little girl... it's not fair."

"Little girl?" Percival, still baffled, tried to probe Phoebe to find out what was distressing her. "Who?"

Phoebe sniffled. "Th-the demons. We brought back a hundred demon prisoners from the south. They all looked so hopeless and distraught..."

Percival nodded. A look of relief passed over his face. "Ah, is that all that's bothering you? Well, they _are_ our enemy. You'll have to get the notion out of your head that they deserve mercy. A little girl demon will eventually mature into a man-eating succubus, or potentially even a wraith. Why, wraiths slew thousands of innocent villagers in the south just last winter!"

Sticking his hand out, Percival offered to help Phoebe to her feet. Instead, she stared at him, a feeling of shame washing over her. "You feel the same way as the other knights, Sir Percival? About demons? Even the children?"

Percival dropped his hand to his side and sighed. "That I do. I know you are a kind soul, Lady Berthold, but those damned bloodskins are pure evil. If you respect His Majesty, then you will see that he is a Hero ordained by the gods to rid the world of demonic sin. There is no place for demonkind in a peaceful world."

Phoebe reached for the doorway and pulled herself up, rubbing her sore butt as she rose. "I can't help but wonder if there isn't a better way. People seem too eager to inflict barbarism and cruelty upon one another just as much as they do the demons."

Sir Percival stood up as well and smiled. "Lady Berthold..." Slowly, he reached over to caress her face. "You are the kindest woman I know. Your dignity and grace are your greatest assets. I pray you never have to see the horrors of war, nor the punishment we inflict upon those who oppose his majesty. Your heart would break."

Phoebe pulled away from his touch, a chill going down her back. "That would be... ah... I... I will retire for the day. I'm feeling light-headed."

"As you wish." Percival sighed. "If you like, I can manage the training today."

"Yes. Please do," Phoebe whispered. She eyed Percival for a few seconds, then turned and walked away.

Phoebe's quarters, little more than a small hut near the castle, stood not far from the dungeons. As she walked along, she eyed the small stone tower with its stairs that delved deep into Camelot's depths.

She paused before her home, hesitating to walk inside. Gazing across the field, she swallowed hard.

_No, Phoebe. Don't look. You shouldn't. Leave it to the men. The King knows best._ Phoebe thought.

She bit her lip, hesitating as she reflected upon her actions.

Finally, she relented. _I have to see. I need to know what will happen to them._ Phoebe thought.

Another voice whispered in her head. _What will you do if you witness something loathsome?_

_N-nothing. I'm only... I'm going to take a quick look. Nothing else._ Phoebe thought.

Phoebe turned away from her house and walked across the field, heading for the massive wooden doors which led to Castle Camelot's dungeons.

...........................................

A hundred demons stood, their wrists shackled to the ceiling, as they awaited their demise: men, women, even a child. The guards, having already torn all their clothing off, examined the prisoners.

Maxim, the head guard, paced back and forth, grimacing at the more freakish demons, including a pair of Scythers, whose sword-arms possessed the power to slice through thick armor. Maxim's eyes fell on three succubi, and he sneered at them. "You may think your male mind control will work on me, but think again. The Archangel Camael, Lady of the Lake, forged those collars that you whores wear now. She created these artifacts explicitly to render your _filth_ powerless. There is no way out of the Camelot Dungeons."

Maxim continued walking past them, and his eyes lowered to the lone little demon girl, her long white hair barely covering her upper body. "A kid, huh? Today will be even more fun than I expected."

Two male demons beside her, somewhat older, shuffled to the side to try and block her from Maxim's view. The older one spoke up. "Keep your eyes off our sister, fleshbag scum!"

"What?! How dare you!" Maxim paled for a moment, then reared back and struck the one who spoke right in the stomach, making the handsome demon gasp in pain.

"Brother!" The little girl wriggled and tried to do something at all, but her toes barely touched the ground.

Maxim glared nastily at the older demon, then grabbed him by the throat. "I don't take lip from blood-skins!"

_Whump! Whump! Whump!_

Maxim slammed his metal-gauntlet fist over and over into the male's stomach until the eldest brother couldn't make a sound. Blood poured from his mouth.

With a smirk, Maxim gestured to another guard. "Let's have some fun with this tough guy first. Go ahead and strap down two of those succubi for me. I'll have my way with them later. As for these worthless Scythers, kill them. They never talk. Too stupid."

Two muscled guards nodded without smiling and drew their swords. The scythers wriggled and tried to turn away, but their efforts failed. The swordsmen impaled them through the stomach three times, then stabbed them through the throat.

The succubi screamed in terror as the guards manhandled and dragged them away by their hair. "Please! Don't hurt us! We don't mean any harm! Pleeease!!!"

After tightly binding the arms of the succubi so they couldn't fight back, the guards dragged them away to a nearby room. Their screams echoed throughout the dungeon.

Maxim glowered at the crowd of onlookers. "Drake! Get that male in the iron maiden, and tie the one who gave me lip to a Pain Chair. We'll have a go at the little one after we finish the first batch."

The girl watched in horror as they carted her brother off. "Rahab! No! Don't hurt him, please!"

"Shut your mouth," Maxim said, backhanding her face and knocking her away. Her remaining brother pulled hard at his chains and snarled, but Maxim ignored him.

Leaning down, Maxim grabbed the little girl by her chin. "You know what we're gonna do to that handsome devil brother of yours? First, we'll smash his kneecaps. Then we'll break his elbows. Unless someone in this motley crew decides to tell us where more hidden demon dens are, every demon here will suffer the same fate as him. I have a long line of pests to get out of the way, so rest easy that his death will be quick."

Suddenly, a bolt of lightning arced off the girl's chin and violently shocked Maxim, sending him sprawling back. The girl screamed at him, tears in her eyes. "Take that! You awful human!"

Maxim's entire arm shook and spasmed for several seconds before it slowed to a tremble. His eyes bulged. "You little bitch. How did you activate your magic?! Ohh, now you're in for it. I've got a special present _just_ for you."

Maxim beckoned to another guard. "Bring her brother here. We'll torture him right in front of his siblings. Won't that be fun?"

"Rahab!" The remaining male demon pulled and tugged at his chains, but couldn't get free. "You bastards! Satan will damn you to Hell! Our kind will tear your children from their mother's arms!"

"Hahaha." Maxim shook some feeling into his numbed hand. "Tell me where the demon lairs are, and your brother won't suffer. Otherwise, stand there and watch."

The little girl and her brother gazed in terror as their still-coughing older brother was dragged over and strapped to a chair with a thousand small spikes lining it. The guards slapped and battered him around. "Wake up! Say goodbye to your fellow cockroaches, worm!"

A guard from the other room walked over; a large nail in one hand and a sledgehammer in the other. He handed the spike to another guard who positioned it above Rahab's knee.

Rahab blinked deliriously. His eyes widened when he saw what was coming.

Then the first guard raised the hammer.

The little girl and her brother screamed in unison. "No! Stop!"

_WHAM._

The nail impaled Rahab's kneecap with a sickening _crunch_. His unearthly howl of pain made even the guards flinch. "GEEEYAAAUGH!"

The little girl pressed her eyes shut and turned away, sobbing uncontrollably. "Uwaaah! No! Rahab...!"

The guard yanked the spike out of Rahab's knee, which only caused him more agony, then placed it over the other one.

Maxim smirked and walked over to the girl, not deigning to touch her this time. "You think this is painful? Sir Gallant has a special plan for you. The same one he does for all the cute little bloodskins. Hehehe."

"Uwaaah..." The little girl hiccupped and shook as she forced herself to look away. Rahab's anguished screams rang in her ears as they drove the next nail into his other kneecap.

"Bastards... bastards... bastards..." The remaining brother gnashed his teeth and tugged at his chains as he watched helplessly. "A million curses..."

Maxim stood up and dusted himself off. "Alright, let's break all of his fingers. I don't care about getting information from this one. Show these blood-skins we mean business. Sir Gallant the Brave will be here soon. I'm betting he'll want the child for himself."

"Aye, sir," One of the other guards said.

For the next hour, each guard took turns breaking various parts of the eldest brother's body, until soon his voice was so hoarse and his mind so numb that he passed out and fell comatose.

The guards wiped their brows. "Whew, gods, that's a hard day of work. Haha."

"Stupid bastard finally croaked," another guard laughed. "Let's haul him to the butcher table and finish him off. I wanna have some fun with that last succubus before Gallant gets here. Once he has his way with her, she'll be too far gone for me to enjoy myself."

The little demon girl whimpered and shivered uncontrollably, partially due to being cold, but mostly because of the hatred and anguish in her body. She cracked her eyes and watched as they took Rahab's limp form away.

"Rahab... brother..."

"It's... it's okay," her other brother muttered. He stood silently now, forcing himself to keep calm. "R-Rahab was valiant to the very end. The Emperors will not forget his fearlessness. He'll... he'll go into the great demon city under the Earth."

Both he and his sister trembled and cried.

............................................

Phoebe opened the dungeon door. A young guard at the entrance, perhaps twenty years old, spotted her. "Oh! Lady Berthold! A pleasure to see you! What are you doing poking your head into these parts?"

Her stomach clenched as a man's voice howled in agony far in the distance. "I... I need to see someone here."

The guard scratched the back of his head. "Ahh, Sir Gallant just returned a few minutes ago. I've gotta ask him if it's okay for visitors to show up. After all, prison ain't no place for a noble lady like yourself."

A moment passed. Another scream made Phoebe's skin crawl. "Are you questioning my fortitude? I am one of the Knights of Twelve, young man."

The guard's face whitened. "O-oh, no! Of course not! I meant no disrespect! Would you like me to show you to your destination?"

Yet another shriek tore through the dungeon, this time filled with ten times the raw emotion of the previous scream. Phoebe shook her head. "No. I think I already know the general direction."

"As you wish."

She pushed past the guard and headed down the spiral staircase three stories into the Earth, where rock and stone and brick all blended to create a gloomy, dark atmosphere.

_I've never been down here before. This horrid hellhole is where we keep the prisoners? It's filthy! Barbaric!_ Phoebe thought.

Her teeth ground noisily as an even more piercing scream rattled her innards. Still, it told her to take a left when a two-way junction appeared. Only a few torches lined the walls, along with a few empty ones meant for lighting and carrying in the darkness. She took one of the spares, touched it to a lit one, and continued onward.

Eventually, Phoebe arrived at a small room, and her eyes widened. A mixture of disgust and horror flooded through her body as she stared at over ninety demons, all chained to the ceiling, their positions calculated so they could barely touch the floor with their toes. Her eyes instantly gravitated to the little girl from earlier, but then she followed the girl's gaze. A demon sat, strapped in a chair, his arms and legs little more than a bloody mush.

The demon male breathed weakly. His tongue lolled out of his mouth, and his head rolled around. He babbled incoherently, his voice a whisper. "Puh... puleese... hurt... stop... pluss... hurtsss..."

One of the guards raised a hammer and slammed it down. The demon croaked as the guards smashed one of his fingers into pulp. His hoarse voice reminded Phoebe of a donkey braying in pain.

She watched silently, her body trembling more and more as each hammer strike battered his body. Finally, the guards gave up when their hostage stopped screaming. His head lolled back, and blood poured from his mouth.

_Is that demon dead?!_ Phoebe's teeth chattered nervously. _What is going on in these dungeons?! How could we unleash such wickedness, yet call ourselves agents of God?!_ Phoebe thought.

The guards eventually dragged the beaten and bloodied prisoner away.

For the first time in Phoebe's life, insecurity in herself and others boiled up in her chest.

_What purpose have I trained for? What side am I on? I thought the demons were the greatest evil in this world... but... but..._ Phoebe thought.

"Lady Berthold! We-he-well, a pleasure to see you!"

A man's voice boomed out from behind Phoebe. She nearly shrieked in fright, but instead opted to whirl around and stare at him, her eyes wide as saucers.

"M-mister- I mean, Sir Gallant?"

A fat, repulsive man leered toward her, his body covered in ill-fitting armor and far too much chest hair for anyone's liking. A badly trimmed mustache wormed its way across his upper lip, like a cobra searching for a meal. "Why, yes ma'am! That's me! Did you come to watch us flog these blood-skins too? I'll be damned. I had no idea you were that kind of lady."

Phoebe swallowed hard and forced herself to calm down. "I... I came here... to, ah..."

"Heeey, no need to be shy! Come on in. We like to have _good_ fun down here, if you know what I mean. Haha!"

Gallant walked past her and licked his lips as he stared at the fresh meat lined up against the wall. "Sweet Jesus, look at all these filthy sodding bloodsuckers. Each of 'em looks like a sweet chunk of beef just waiting to be tenderized. Haha!"

Gallant slammed his boot into the closest male's genitals, then decked him in the face before the demon could yell out in pain. "Hahaha! Nothing better than defenseless blood-skins to let out a little anger. Wanna have a go? They can't hurt you none, not with those collars on."

Phoebe's eyes avoided the lower regions of the demons as she tried not to look at their exposed bodies too much. "N-no."

Instead, her eyes gravitated toward the collars around their necks. _Cursed Necklaces. They sap the energy from demons and leave them unable to fight back. Demons can't remove the collars... only humans can._ Phoebe thought.

Having served on the Round Table for several years, Phoebe knew full well the capabilities of Camael's divine artifacts. However, having never witnessed their usage in person, her stomach churned as she realized how the prison guards used them.

Gallant continued walking the line before kneeling to stare at the little girl. Phoebe's heart pounded in her chest as he stroked her hair. "Aww. You look terrified, my delectable butterfly. You should be. We're gonna stick you in the Bull. Know what that is? Of course, you don't. It's a hollow metal animal that makes your screams louder. Then we're gonna cook you over a fire. If your pitiful shrieks don't convince everyone here to spill their secrets... hehe... nothing will."

As Sir Gallant stroked her hair, the little girl's older brother suddenly yanked on his chains, lifted himself by his chains, and delivered a kick _smack_ into Gallant's face. The prison-master stumbled back and slammed on his back, creating a scene of chaos among the nearby prison guards. He spat and sputtered for a moment before hauling his fat ass up.

"Why, y-you piece of FILTH! You won't live to regret that!" He grabbed a wooden club from the wall and wiped a drop of blood from his nose. Then, he charged at the girl, but Phoebe suddenly stepped in his way and knocked him to the ground yet again.

"Sir Gallant! I-is this how you act when a superior officer is watching?!" Phoebe's voice cracked slightly, but she forced herself to stand dominantly and tower over the man sitting on the floor. "I came here to inspect the dungeons, not to watch you unleash your fantasies on children!"

Gallant stared at her in surprise, then clambered to his feet once again. "I... I beg your pardon? I'm the bloody prison-master! I can do as I please to these filthy monsters! Have you any idea the horrors they committed against our brothers and sisters in the South? The bodies stacked higher than the huts!"

Phoebe faltered. "Th-they did?"

Sir Gallant's nostrils flared. "Aye. So, before you let your feminine sensibilities get in the way of your duty, I advise you to remember what fiends you're dealing with."

Doubt appeared in Phoebe's mind. However, the sound of the little girl's chains rattling behind her solidified her convictions.

"I have my orders, Sir Gallant. I'm temporarily relieving you of your duty until we can evaluate your conduct and treatment of the prisoners."

Sir Gallant stared at her and gawked for several agonizing seconds. He clutched the club in his hand a little tighter. "You... you treacherous demon-loving _whore_... the King will hear of this treason!"

Phoebe swallowed hard, but kept her eyes locked on his. "That he will. Leave."

Snarling like a madman, Sir Gallant eyed Phoebe for a several moments before swearing under his breath and storming out of the room.

"You'll regret crossing me."

Phoebe's hands shook as she forced herself not to think about her actions. _Keep moving, Phoebe. No time to waste._ Phoebe thought.

After Sir Gallant the Brave stormed away, Phoebe turned to face the little girl. "I'm sorry, child. I'm sorry the bad men treated you like that. Let me get those shackles off..."

Only now did she realize that she hadn't a clue how to do that. Luckily, the girl's brother coughed and nodded across the room. "O-over there. The keys. Please, save my sister. Ose is a good girl. She doesn't deserve what those men are going to do to her."

Lady Berthold didn't waste time in grabbing the keys and walking back over.

As soon as she unshackled the child, the girl slumped and fell into Phoebe's arms. Her tiny little body was weak from exhaustion. Phoebe's heart trembled as she picked the girl up in her arms. Ose whimpered. "Brother... don't leave my brother behind, please..."

Several of the other demons stared at Phoebe longingly. _Take us with you,_ their eyes begged.

The last remaining succubus trembled. "Th-they took my friends. They're torturing Merle and Hana right now! You have to help them... you don't know what the guards do to captured succubi..."

"I can't. I can't." Phoebe glanced across the room in the direction of the inner torture chambers. Only now did she recall the horror stories she had heard about nonstop rape and torture in the dungeons. Demon prisoners naturally received far worse punishments than humans.

She chewed her lip into shreds. "I can't save them. But... I'll try and save the women here. I'll do what I can."

Indeed, she glanced around at the thirty shackled females and the nearly sixty males. _I can't save everyone. If I walk out of the dungeon with all the captured demons, someone will stop me. If it's only the women, perhaps I can make up an excuse._ Phoebe thought.

Nodding to herself, she quickly rushed around, releasing all of the women before pausing in front of the little girl's brother. He shook his head. "Don't. If you release me, you'll have to release the other men as well. I don't deserve special treatment." Phoebe nodded, but jumped onto a stool and unlocked his shackles anyway. He slumped a little but caught himself before falling.

"Hug your sister. Quickly."

The demon nodded and took his little sister from Phoebe. He pressed her against his chest. "B-be strong, Ose. I'm sorry. I love you."

The girl wept in his arms. "I love you too... don't stay... come with us! Come-"

He pushed her away and raised his arms again for Phoebe to shackle him. "No. I stay. The women leave. And to you, human... thank you."

Phoebe nodded, as the sound of women screaming in the distance raised several alarm bells in her mind. "Alright. Little one, follow me. Ladies, line up. I have to bind your hands and chain you all together. If I don't, it will draw too much suspicion."

The demonesses glanced at each other. _We have to trust this human,_ their eyes said. Fearing the return of the guards, they quickly hustled into the line, with the little girl at the front. Phoebe tossed chains and cuffs to them, then strung the shackles along to their neck collars.

Not a minute later, they left, their chains clinking as they walked. The little girl stared silently at her brother, and he nodded back at her. "Be safe, little sister."

...

It took Phoebe more than thirty minutes of walking at agonizingly slow speeds, but she still sighed in relief when the chained demonesses reached the spiral staircase. They climbed the steps, forming a strange conga line.

After ten full minutes, Phoebe spied the top of the stairwell. The guard from before watched her pace up the steps, and he craned his neck to see what was causing all the chain rattling noise. When he saw the line of women, his suspicion immediately rose. "Hey! What's going on here? Where are you taking all the demon whores?!"

Phoebe bit her lip and forced another lie out. "King Arthur's orders. I'm taking them to a different facility."

"Yeah? Did Sir Gallant sign off on this? I'm supposed to know who's coming and going!"

Phoebe rose to her full height, still an inch or two shorter than the lad. "Are you questioning King Arthur's orders? What's your name, guardsman? Perhaps I should tell Arthur you wish to be the new King, since you think your orders supersede his."

The youth's face paled again. "Oh, no! I meant no disrespect, milady. I... I'm just trying to do my job. That's all."

The little girl pushed to Phoebe's side as the guard's gaze fixed on her for a moment. Phoebe reached back subtly and touched her hair. "Good. If you have a problem, I'll let King Arthur know about your complaint. Open the door for us."

The youth paused for only a moment, sighing as he eyed the sultry nude red-skinned women. He took a few steps and threw the door open, standing outside so they could leave. "As you wish."

Phoebe marched outside, the demon ladies in tow. She continued to amble along, so nobody would trip and fall. One woman gasped in surprise, and Phoebe turned back just in time to see the young guard smacking her bottom. "Move it, cutie! They're gonna looove you at the other camp! Haha. Damn shame, I couldn't have a turn before you leave. Maybe I can pay you a visit later, eh?"

Phoebe gritted her teeth, but kept walking. _Bear with it. We have a long, long walk ahead of us. I don't know how in the hell we're going to get through town._ Phoebe thought.

Indeed, Phoebe's lack of planning came rushing to her all at once as she realized they still had five miles of the village to travel through before she could safely release the women.

The guard stared at the prisoners for a solid twenty seconds before sighing and closing the door behind himself. The demoness closest to Phoebe, right behind the little girl, looked around worriedly. "What now, human? We're right next to the castle. Someone could see us at any moment."

Phoebe inhaled, and her hand started to tremble.

_Oh god, oh god, oh god. What do I do? I can't believe myself. All this, and we could end up captured by guardsmen. Every second we spend waiting is another second that doom draws nearer._ Phoebe thought.

Suddenly, from the side of the dungeon tower, a single figure stepped out. Phoebe's heart pounded as she heard the heavy footsteps. When she whirled, she gaped in shock at Sir Percival. He stared back silently, first at her, then the demon women all chained together.

"I knew it. Lady Berthold... what are you planning? Why are half of the prisoners out here naked and chained up?"

Phoebe's mouth opened and closed several times as she tried to formulate an answer. "K-king Arthur- he told m-me to..."

"Lies." Percival strode over to Phoebe, and slowly his gaze lowered to the cowering child. "Dammit, Phoebe. Dammit. Now you've stepped in the shit."

Tears began rolling down Phoebe's face. "P-Percival, please... they're helpless women. The things those men were going to do to them..."

Percival closed his eyes. "They're demons. Temptresses. They beguile men, and now you as well."

Despite the harshness of Percival's voice, something about his behavior struck Phoebe as odd. She found out why when he continued speaking. "Alright. I'll help you. Take the women to your house, just across the way. If someone spots you crossing the castle yard, you're on your own. I'll bring a horse and wagon, big enough to fit them all inside. Give me thirty minutes."

Phoebe stared at him in stunned silence for a moment, then nodded. "I... thank you, Percival. I don't know why you're helping us, but-"

"I'm not helping the demons," Percival muttered. "I'm doing this for you. You're a kind woman. You will be punished horribly once the King finds out what happened. They might even execute you. The least I can do is make sure that your rescue operation isn't fruitless."

Percival strode away, unable to look Phoebe in the eye. She and the demons watched in stunned silence as he left.

The demoness behind Phoebe shook her chains. "L-let's get a move on, then. We can't stand in front of the dungeon."

Phoebe nodded, a sensation of loss looming in the back of her mind. "Right. Let's hurry."
