"I'll see you in a bit, sweetheart."

Phoebe waved goodbye to Jason and Daisy. Daisy started pouting once she realized Phoebe wouldn't be going with Jason and Daisy to her birthday party, but that couldn't be helped. Phoebe would show up in a bit.

Jason managed to distract Daisy, and she followed him babbling all the while. Knowing Jason, he probably reminded her that a birthday party meant candy and cake.

"Phoebe! Are you going to sit up there all day?" Samantha's voice caught Phoebe's attention. Phoebe glanced out of her driver-side window at the ground fifteen feet below. "Let's get a move on!"

"Give me a second, Sammy!" Phoebe quickly unbuckled the complicated five-lock seatbelt system and grabbed her gadget bag. After throwing the door open, she hopped out, and Samantha caught her before she hit the ground. At this point, it was such a rehearsed maneuver that Phoebe didn't think about it.

"Great job! First place again." Samantha blushed and flicked her tail around cutely. "You're not fixing these races, are you?"

"Pssh. Never. I can't help my natural talent." Phoebe slammed the door shut and smacked the side of the truck. "Ogie! She's all yours!"

The 'evil' salamander chuckled. "Heh, you hand mah ass ta' me 'n think I'ma fix your car for ya?"

"Mhm!"

"Damn straight." The salamander wiped his red scales down with a towel. They glistened under the light of the midday sun. "You git on over to that little ducky's birthday party. Don'tcha keep her waitin', y'hear?"

"I won't. See you later!"

The soft, moist dirt smushed gently under Phoebe's shoes as she headed toward the opposite end of the stadium. Samantha looped her arm through Phoebe's and pulled closer. She was a very hands-on person, and Phoebe had had to get used to it over time, but Phoebe had also grown to find it endearing.

"Sooo, Phoebe, I haven't seen you in a few days. How are things?"

"Oh, about the same as always. I started teaching Daisy a few basic fencing techniques. She picks them up very quickly."

"Fencing? Isn't that a little dangerous for a five-year-old?"

"We used sticks."

"Ah." Samantha leaned her head against Phoebe and nuzzled her shoulder. "I wish I could bear a child. It must be wonderful."

"Raising Daisy is a lot of fun, but she can be a handful sometimes."

Phoebe kept her reply neutral. Samantha often lamented her inability to have children. After all, demons were born via broodmothers. They were similar to ant-queens, in that a broodmother's sole purpose was to birth demons forever. It sounded... _unpleasant_. No matter how much Samantha wanted a child, Phoebe doubted she'd go that far.

"You should let me babysit her sometime. I mean, you don't have to..."

Phoebe glanced down at the thin strips of clothing covering Samantha's body. "You won't teach Daisy anything _strange_, right?"

"What? No! Of course not!" Samantha covered her mouth in mock surprise. "Why, Phoebe, I can't believe you'd suggest such a thing!"

"Oh, piffle." Phoebe waved at a serviceman heading to her truck, taking note of the crowds idling around the amphitheater and chatting idly with each other. "Sure, you can watch Daisy. Heck, why not show her the hospital? She likes talking to sick people."

"The hospital..." Samantha trailed off.

A moment passed. They stepped into the arena exit, and she slowed to a stop. "Say, Phoebe, have you been to the hospital lately?"

"No. Why?"

"Well, the thing is, Hope hasn't shown up for his shifts in a few months. When I asked around, the only reply I received was that he was 'busy.' Isn't that strange?"

Phoebe scratched her chin. "Do you need help? I can try and speak with Hope. He doesn't avoid me nearly as much as he does Jason."

"Well, you don't need to bother him. It's not like I can't handle a few dozen patients. It barely takes any of my time, given how much mana I possess. Besides, he's busy, so he probably has a good reason."

Phoebe rolled her eyes. "Yeah, _maybe_. Hope is Jason's clone at heart. I have to prod Jason to work his shifts too. They're both lazy bums. It isn't fair for you to take care of all the healing work by yourself."

The hospital was an idea created by Jason. While they existed on Earth in his era, theirs worked differently. People on Earth would wait days, weeks, months, and even years to fully heal. However, thanks to the power of Wordsmithing and Samantha's healing magic, the injured needed only a day or so to recover from their wounds.

It was an efficient system, but it worked best when all three magical doctors pulled their weight.

Samantha squeezed Phoebe's arm lightly. "Forget it. The least I can do is manage the hospital by myself. Jason's busy working on the colony, Hope's improving the Core... everyone has a role. This is mine."

Phoebe leaned over and kissed her head. "Alright, if you say so. Anyway, let's get a move on! I need to file a bunch of papers so that I can hurry to Daisy's party."

"You got Daisy a present, right?"

"Of course." Phoebe smiled, and a feeling of excitement washed over her. "I can't _wait_ to see her face."

................................................

Phoebe's midnight-colored truck rumbled down the road. Its engine, as always, reminded her of a purring lion, one that was only moments away from waking up and tearing apart those who drew too close.

Samantha leaned against the passenger door and combed her long, black hair. Her lowered window sent gusts of warm and cool air inside, shifting every time they entered and exited the shadow of buildings and trees. Hero City was unrecognizable compared to how it used to look six years ago. Jason had explained to Phoebe the concept of 'skyscrapers' and how these ten and fifteen-story buildings were hardly even as big as the ones where Jason grew up. To Phoebe, though, they seemed enormous. They were taller than the towering spires at the four corners of Arthur's castle.

Phoebe's mind drifted as she turned right and headed down a street.

She still thought about Arthur sometimes. Her king. Phoebe had had one opportunity to speak to him during the battle against Amelia and Satan, but she'd missed it. The Arthur Phoebe remembered was so powerful that even the Demon Emperors feared him. How did Amelia enslave him, Phoebe wondered? 

_Questions with no answers are poison for the soul. I shouldn't dwell on them._ Phoebe thought.

Samantha rapped her fingers on the long, skinny box between them. It was covered in sparkles and glitter, with a neat little bow on top. "Daisy's present, hm? What'd you get her?"

Phoebe smiled. "You'll see."

"Oh, come on. You can tell me."

"I sure can."

"Phoeeebeee!" Samantha whined noisily. "Don't be like that! I thought we were friends!"

"Haha! We are! And friends don't spoil surprises!"

Samantha puffed out her lip, then grabbed the box and shook it. "It's kinda heavy. No rattling. What kind of toy is this?"

"It's not a toy."

"Really? But she's a little kid."

A distant memory echoed in Phoebe's mind. "Neither was I when my father gave it to me. You could say it's... it's a family heirloom."

Crossing her arms, Samantha pushed back against her seat. "Alright. Now I'm _super_ curious."

They drove in silence for five minutes, and soon a large square building loomed in the distance. It had no special designs on the outside, no sign announcing its function, or any other decorations, giving it an ominous look. Samantha raised an eyebrow. "Is that new? I've never seen it before."

"Jason created it with Wordsmithing a week ago. It's about ten thousand square feet, three stories tall... but the inside's where the fun begins."

As they traveled closer and closer, the building continued to expand and take up more of the horizon before them. Samantha whistled. "Pseww... goodness. Jason's going all out."

"You're only six years old once. This is a birthday Daisy will never forget."

...

They pulled to a stop in the mostly empty parking lot, though Phoebe's space was right next to several dozen vehicles all bunched up in one area. A single wooden door at the front of the pistachio-colored building gave no indication of what was inside. One could be forgiven for thinking this place was little more than another of the five warehouses on the outskirts of Hero City.

The moment they pushed open the door, the blank exterior gave way to a vibrantly colored interior. The massive, hollowed-out building with dozens of skylights was filled to the brim with various machines Jason told Phoebe were similar to the 'amusement parks' from his era.

Hundreds of children screamed and shouted excitedly as they rode around on a 'roller coaster.' A machine like a train zipped around at high speeds, racing up slopes and in a loop as it circled the perimeter of the building, passed into the middle, and zig-zagged back to the building's edge again.

Phoebe couldn't make out Daisy's voice from the other children, but she immediately spotted a few hundred adults, including Jason, watching the children frolic and play.

Phoebe squeezed Daisy's present tightly. Anxiety hit her. "Wow... The place even more impressive than when I saw it two days ago."

Samantha's eyes were wide as saucers. "Incredible. I've always wanted to go to one of these human attractions. I lost my chance when..."

She trailed off. Immediately, a guilty expression crossed her face. "Never mind."

Phoebe knew what she was going to say. _The Volgrim destroyed Earth._ Phoebe could only imagine what life was like during the Ancient Era, back before the Volgrim attacked. Everything Jason told her made it sound like it was a marvelous time to be alive. What was even more incredible was that the world Jason had created here on Tarus II was somehow _better_ than Earth, as far as their quality of life.

Still, Phoebe's home was gone. Forever. It stung, knowing she'd never see Earth again.

Samantha and Phoebe walked underneath the ten-feet-tall roller coaster tracks right as a ride full of children raced past. Their shrieks of excitement lightened Phoebe's mood.

"Phoebe! You made it!" Jason jogged over to them, and Phoebe gave him a quick kiss. "I was just telling the guys you'd never miss Daisy's birthday party."

Phoebe held out her box. "I brought my... my present for Daisy. Where is she?"

Jason's smile melted away. "Umm... good question. She's around here somewhere. Maybe the carousel? The Spinning Wheel Of Terror? The Lavalanche? The-"

Phoebe punched him lightly in the arm. "What do you mean the _Spinning Wheel of Terror?!_ That sounds dangerous!"

Jason chuckled. "Nah, it's no big deal. It spins around really fast and plasters the kids against the wall. Used to be my favorite ride when I went to a carnival. **Locate.**"

Jason finished with a Word of Power, then tilted his head. "The archery range. Huh. I thought she'd be on one of the rides for sure."

"You gave her a bow and arrow?"

"They're plastic. Perfectly safe. The worst Daisy can do is put someone's eye out, and I'm here, so, no worries."

"I'll go check on her."

Jason held his hand out to stop Phoebe. "Whoa whoa, hun, first you need to tell me what's in the box."

Phoebe stuck her tongue out. "Bleh. Use your Wordsmithing if you're curious. Or follow along and find out."

Phoebe glanced at Samantha. "Yeah, okay. Hey Sam. Long time, no chat."

"We spoke last week."

Jason shrugged. "Yeah, but that's a long time in my book."

"Well, maybe when you're a hundred thousand years old, that'll change."

"Probably, haha."

The three of them broke away from the crowd of adults and headed toward the archery range. Phoebe heard Daisy laughing before she saw her. When Daisy came into view, Phoebe immediately facepalmed. Her face and hands were covered in black ink. She laughed along with a few of her friends from school as they aimed arrows with soft black tips at the targets. Interestingly, all of Daisy's friends were boys. Daisy might be daddy's little princess, but she was also a tomboy.

The six children fired their arrows at the same time. The kobold child missed the mark entirely, while two of the Felaris children managed to hit the edges of the targets. Their claws probably made holding the bowstrings difficult.

Daisy, on the other hand, hit close to the center. Her arrow slammed against the board, and the ink on its soft tip left a black dot close to the bullseye position.

"Nice job, Daisy!" Samantha clapped her hands and caught Daisy's attention. "You're a great shot!"

"Aunt S'matha!" Daisy's tone carried a little surprise, but immediately her eyes locked onto the package in Phoebe's arms. She dropped her bow without a second thought and bounced over to Phoebe. "Mommy, what's that?"

"I brought you a present," Phoebe said, kneeling to hold it out. Daisy's filthy face made Phoebe want to laugh, but she tried to maintain a solemn expression, even as Daisy wiped her inky hands across her cheeks, smearing even more blackness around. "It's a precious item, but I don't know if you're mature enough to treat it well."

Daisy's eyes widened. "I am! I'm machur! What's machur?"

Phoebe set the box down. "Ah, never mind that. Open the box."

Daisy nodded. She sat down, and several of the boys walked over to see what was going on. As always, Daisy was very careful when she opened the present. She peeled off every piece of tape and unfolded it carefully, rather than simply tearing the paper off. On her fourth birthday, she even went so far as to save the wrapping paper because she thought she might have a use for it someday. Now that Phoebe thought about it, her daughter was a strange child.

By the time Daisy had taken the paper off, some of the boys seemed antsy, but a stern look from Phoebe prevented them from pushing Daisy aside to open it themselves.

The box was perhaps two-feet long and seven or eight inches wide. Daisy lifted the top off, and Jason groaned audibly. "Aw, Phoebe... she's only six."

Daisy pulled out a dull steel sword from the package. She held it up and stared at it. "Mommy... this is a big knife..."

"It's a sword, sweetheart — my first sword. Your grandfather gave it to me when I was your age. Women weren't allowed to have weapons back then, so I had to keep it secret. It belonged to his father, and his father's father as well. It's the last thing I own from our family. And it's yours now!"

The kobold boy stared at it in awe. "Wow... dude! That's so metal!"

Phoebe shot a glance at Jason. _Your favorite words are leaking again._ Phoebe thought.

Jason looked away. _Oops._ Jason thought.

Daisy acted unusually gentle with the sword. She ignored the chips and dents on its edge, but her eyes fixated on a small carving of a bird etched into the blade, just above the handle. "What's this, mommy?"

"That's a dove. When I was a girl, doves were a sign of peace. Putting a dove on a sword meant the weapon was only allowed to protect the user, not to hurt others. Do you understand?"

She shook her head. "No..."

"Well, maybe when you're older. Do you remember our practice lessons? There's a sheath and belt in the box. Try them on."

Phoebe spent the next minute or so wrestling the belt through Daisy's blue-jean belt-loops. The sword stopped an inch or two short of dragging the ground, but it still made Daisy's movement awkward. 

Daisy wiped her eye and sniffled. "This is the best... the best present ever... mommy..."

"Aww, sweetheart..." Phoebe quickly leaned forward and wrapped her arms around Daisy. Tears formed in Phoebe's eyes too, as flashes of her father's face danced in her vision.

Samantha stomped her foot. "Eee! Now I _really_ want a little girl! You two are so precious!"

..................................................

Not long after, Daisy and one of the boys swung sticks at each other, playing a mock sword-fight while several other kids stood around in a circle and rooted for one or the other.

Jason wrapped his arm around Phoebe. "A sword, huh."

"Yep."

"What were you saying about some of these rides being... _dangerous_?"

"Jason... it's not like-"

"I know, I'm only teasing."

They shared a moment together, leaning in to kiss each other passionately. Phoebe's memories floated back to when they first met all those years ago.

Phoebe loved Jason now as much as she had then. More, even. She was closer to Jason than she'd ever been with anyone else. Perhaps even herself.

They had a child. A wonderful, beautiful little girl. The pride and joy in their lives. She wasn't only a symbol of their love but proof that humanity could rebuild. They'd suffered under the demons and lost innumerable friends and possessions, but as long as they were together, nothing could stand between them.

Samantha walked over to Daisy and started giving her opponent tips about how to hold his sword and something about a proper stance. He needed Sam's help given how easily Daisy had been besting him.

Jason squeezed Phoebe's shoulder. "You know, I chatted with Daisy on the way over. She said the darnedest thing to me."

"Yeah? What's that?"

"She told me her birthday wish. She wants a little brother. Think we can do it?"

"We've been trying. Nothing works."

Jason coughed into his fist. "Well, sure, but we haven't tried... you know... Wordsmithing."

"No... that's not right, Jason. You shouldn't use your magic to create life. Let the Creator give us a child."

Jason rolled his eyes. "Phoebe, that's not-"

"Not how biology works, right, right. Biology-_shmiology_. You always say that. I believe life is a sacred thing. Taking it should never be done in haste, nor should creating it. Besides, if you use your Wordsmithing to make me pregnant, anything could happen."

Jason tapped the crown. "I have Solomon. I'm sure it'd be a cinch."

"No."

"But-"

"No."

Jason pulled his arm off Phoebe's shoulder and swaggered a step away. "Haahhh, fine. Have it your way. I guess Daisy's going to be an only child forever."

Phoebe crossed her arms and turned up her nose. "If that's what the Creator wishes, then so be it. Hmph."

"Wipe that look off your face. It's too cute."

Phoebe couldn't stay mad at Jason. It was physically impossible.

"We're going to have to try even harder to give her a brother."

Jason raised an eyebrow. "Yeah? And what if after all that exhausting, _boring_ 'work' she gets a sister instead?"

"We'll keep trying."

"Damn. All that exertion, and I don't know if my heart's strong enough." Jason innocently stared up at the skylight and whistled. "Solomon. You keep out of this."

Phoebe nudged Jason's arm with her fist. "Stop chatting with your invisible friend, weirdo. And while you're at it, clean the ink off our daughter! She looks hideous!"

Jason smirked. "Yes, ma'am."
