Part 627: The Human Conspiracy
Part 627: The Human Conspiracy

January 16th, 2021. 9AM. Illuminati Haven.

Jason walked with both of the Rothschild descendants beside him, Claire rolling in her wheelchair on his left, and Victoria on his right. They traveled down into the Illuminati's underground bunker, and when they reached the elevator that would take them to the bottom level, after they stepped inside and began to descend, Victoria turned to him.

"Aren't you even a little bit worried?" She asked.

"That you'll betray me?" Jason asked. He smirked. "Our interests align. I feel no threat from you. Even if you tried something, I promise you, it would turn out very badly. I'm not the same man I was two days ago."

Victoria nodded silently. What she did not know was that as she stood there looking at Jason, he was intrusively reading her mind without her knowledge.

Thanks to Jason's Wordsmithing, even if he could not yet recreate the powerful artifacts he possessed in the future, he could still passively grant himself a handful of incredible abilities. These abilities were once his bread and butter. They now felt a little primitive and limited, but in fact they were insanely overpowered compared to what an ordinary human like Victoria could perform.

_I don't know if I can trust him._ Victoria thought to herself, unaware that Jason's disarming smile held a deep level of scrutiny. _Who knows if that Cat Mask brainwashed him? And how is Cat Mask related to Jason? The fact Jason willingly walked out with him could mean they had a prior arrangement. Is this all some sort of ploy to harm the Ancestors...?_

Jason decided to address her criticisms indirectly. Taking care not to reveal his newly enhanced abilities, he cleared his throat and turned his head to look at the elevator door.

"You look worried, Claire. There's no need to be alarmed. I will absolutely not harm the Ancestors. The Earth is facing a serious crisis. I will need both of their help if we are to weather the future storm."

Victoria frowned. "A crisis? Of what sort?"

"I will leave it to them to explain to you if they so desire." Jason said, before pausing for a moment. "No offense, but this matter can only be passed on to those I consider my equals. You are not among that small group."

Victoria nodded. Her frown did not disappear. _He doesn't think I'm his equal? Then does that mean he only looks at other Trueborn in such a positive light? Should I try pressing him for more information? But then again, working with Jason benefits the Illuminati, assuming he does possess some sort of formidable power. I wouldn't want to push him away..._

Jason forced himself not to smile. He maintained a neutral expression while thinking his own thoughts.

He would not willingly give Claire or Victoria any unnecessary information.

This was not a decision made out of malice. In fact, he would love to keep them informed if at all possible. But the truth was, if he could casually read their minds, then so could others. It would not do for them to have knowledge of his powers or future events rolling about in their heads. Who knew when a powerful Psion might randomly scan their minds and uncover alarming secrets Jason didn't want them to know?

Jason could grant them the Mind of Void, but that would only make them more suspicious. Better to limit need-to-know information to only those who could use it most effectively.

The elevator stopped, then opened up. Claire and Victoria both hesitated, but Jason beckoned to them. "You don't trust me. That's fine. Come along, both of you. I will be speaking to the Ancestors privately, but you can stand and watch in case I try to blow the place up or something."

Victoria's heart skipped a beat. Jason winced, realizing his words came off as somewhat in bad taste. It was too late to undo it, so he just waved his hand. "That was a joke, Victoria."

"Not a funny one..." Victoria muttered.

Not wanting to delay further, Jason quickly power-walked into the central underground area. The familiar statues of ancient Heroes stood in the center, but unlike his previous appearance, Jason recognized many of them.

"Arthur." Jason said, gesturing to one of the statues. "No Excalibur?"

Victoria slowly shook her head, giving Jason a weird look. "We do not possess Arthur's relic. That belongs to the Knights Templar. They are a fellow militant faction dedicated to the legend of Arthur. They also possess the relic of the next Hero in line; Sir Lorent Berthold of Camelot."

Jason's heart skipped a beat. Lorent was Phoebe's nephew!

"I'm surprised." Jason said, keeping his voice even. "I thought Camael would claim ownership of Excalibur."

Another flash of surprise passed over Victoria's face. Whoever Cat Mask was, he had truly fed Jason a lot of privileged information!

"Camael passed the Divine Blade to humanity when she gave it to King Arthur. Like Solomon's Crown and many other artifacts, she made no effort to reclaim them following their wielder's deaths. Considering the Heroic Spirits inside would reject her ownership, she might not have had any choice. Excalibur in particular is a powerful artifact filled with pride. It will not let anyone but a select few wield it. Specifically, Trueborn descendants. And even then, Arthur has become even pickier following the antics of a certain Trueborn a few hundred years ago."

Jason nodded. "Dracula. Understandable."

Victoria tried to hide the shock on her face, but she failed. Just how much information did Cat Mask give Jason? Compared to Claire's description of his previous information, it was as if he'd devoured an entire encyclopedia of information about the world around him. The more they chatted, the more she realized his knowledge encompassed Heroes, Angels, Demons, and many other notable Truths.

As they drew closer to the central garden, Jason turned to look at Victoria.

"Cat Mask unlocked my true power." Jason explained. "I am a Seer, Victoria. I have foreseen many terrible things that will someday come to pass. My ability to obtain information is perhaps at the highest level you can imagine. Aside from that, I dare not leak this information beyond those who are most privileged. I am not being vague to spite you, but because I fear the capabilities of enemies you cannot yet fathom."

Victoria nodded. She and Claire exchanged a glance, both of them feeling that Jason's words contained a severity and gravitas they were only barely able to pick up on.

Just how formidable were his 'seer' powers? What future events had he glimpsed?

Jason cleared his throat. "It's time. I'll be going ahead now."

Without waiting for Victoria's pardon, Jason turned and strode forward. He closed his eyes, and immediately, his vision dimmed as a pair of powerful presences materialized inside his Mind Realm.

This time though, the situation was different. Madam Mildred blinked in surprise when she appeared, realizing that she was no longer able to overpower Jason's soul and force him inside her 'domain'. Instead, she had become a guest inside his mind, as had Jepthath. The ancient Hero-King also noticed this discrepency.

Several seconds passed. Both ancient Heroes assessed the situation and realized they could pull themselves out with a single thought. Jason had somehow instantly transitioned from a cute junior they could bully into an equal possessing a clear mastery of some as-yet unfathomable abilities. They had never witnessed such a rapid and frightening transition in all their years alive!

"Oh... ho-ho-ho!" Mildred finally chortled, looking at Jason with shining eyes. "What's this? The lad has become a man? You are much more intriguing than before, Little Jason! Or should I say... _Big_ Jason?"

"It's just Jason." He replied blandly. "Mildred. Long time, no speak."

Mildred paused. She cocked her head slightly.

_Long time?_ But hadn't they spoken just two days before? Why did Jason's words convey the impression of a much deeper relationship between the two of them?

"Ah ha-ha-ha! Dear boy, you are becoming more interesting every second!" Mildred chirped. "And what is this new barrier surrounding your mind? I cannot read even the surface level of your thoughts!"

"Oh, good." Jason said, nodding to himself. "I wasn't sure if it would work on you. I suppose you could be lying, but you've always been a rather truthful woman. Certainly compared to Solomon."

His words once again baffled Mildred. Had Jason spoken to Solomon recently? But again, he implied a deep knowledge of the man, something he could not obtain in a single day. Solomon was indeed a bit of a deceiver, but this was not something a casual acquaintance could easily uncover.

"Jason." Jepthath said, lifting his chin to look at Jason with an even gaze. "What is your reason for returning? Are you able to speak frankly, or has that other Trueborn manipulated you in some way?"

Jason looked at Jepthath for a moment. Then he closed his eyes and lowered his head.

"We should start from the beginning."

He inhaled a breath, then exhaled. He opened his eyes and met Mildred and Jepthath's gazes.

"My name is Jason Hiro." Jason said. "But I am not the Jason you knew from two days ago. I am a time traveler. I sent my mind back in time from a very, very, very distant future. More than 100,000 years from now, as it happens."

Jason continued to speak. As he did, Mildred and Jepthath fell completely silent. They listened with rapt attention to a tale that sounded so absurd it could only make sense when placed in the context of an even more absurd Heroic ability.

Jason did not hold back. Unlike with Claire and Victoria, he spoke earnestly and frankly. He told the two Heroes before him basically every piece of pertinent information.

"...The Volgrim will attack Earth at some point in the future, roughly twenty to forty years from now. Depending on how events play out, the timeline can shift dramatically."

"...The Earth is ultimately destroyed by the Volgrim using one of their many superweapons."

"...I learned of this information from my father, Hideki Hiro. He is also known as Cat Mask, and is the Trueborn waiting outside."

"...My power is called Wordsmithing. I am able to manifest things into reality via a single Word of Power."

"...There was a demon named Gressil. He possessed the power of Chaos, and altered future events so that I would be driven to despair and go back in time."

"...Ultimately, Maiura fell to these 'Kolvaxians'. Then, Tarus II fell under the power of the Psion leader, Dosena."

By the time Jason finished explaining all the broad strokes, the other two Heroes had fallen so silent that an outside observer could hear a pin drop.

Mildred no longer appeared exuberant and boisterous. Her expression became extremely clear and sober. She swallowed heavily.

"These... events. They are too absurd to be fiction, dear boy."

"They must be real." Jepthath concluded. "It explains all the bizarre happenings around you."

Jason nodded. "Yeah."

He remained silent for several minutes. Neither of the other two Heroes said anything. They fell completely silent, allowing themselves time to think about this matter and privately communicate with one another. Jason wasn't too surprised to find that, like how Mildred could not read his mind, he could not read hers. Jepthath also appeared to be under her protection, so Jason could not glean information about their silent dialogue through the Hero-King's brain.

Finally, Mildred spoke.

"To say that this matter is 'troubling' would be a terrible understatement. Jason, why did you come to us? Are we able to assist you?"

"I came here for your help specifically, Mildred." Jason replied. "But Jepthath, your abilities will also make a material difference in this future war. I alone am not capable of defending humanity from the full power of the Volgrim. Their Second Founder alone can atomize my body with a single thought. Their army of 7th and 8th Level Psions are all Cosmic Entities, meaning they can destroy planets if they so desire. The only way for humanity to stand strong is if we work together and unite under a common purpose."

Jepthath's eyes flashed. "Cosmic Entities. This is the first I have heard of such a term. Can you elaborate?"

Jason nodded. "Let's first discuss what the different 'levels' of mortal power mean."

Jason first launched into an explanation about the different tiers of power demons wielded.

"First there are imps, which are weaker than humans. After that come Demon Grunts and Peons, then Lords, Barons, Dukes, and Emperors. For context, a Volgrim Psion of the 4th or 5th Level is about the power of an Emperor. Then there's a strange gap; the 6th Level Psions are stronger than Emperors, but are not Cosmics. 7th Level Psions are Bottom Level Cosmics, 8th are Low Cosmics, and 9th are Middle Cosmics. But you likely don't know that demons can break past the rank of Emperor to become a new entity known as a Demon Deity."

"Demon Deity?" Jepthath asked, his eyes flashing with hatred. "So Emperor is not the limit?"

"No." Jason said, unaware that Beelzebub had already reached a level beyond Emperor but below Deity in the future he left behind. "Demon Deities appear to wield different levels of power. Unlike the Volgrim, who categorize their different levels of strength, the Demon Deities range in strength but are all referred to by the same title. It can get confusing, I know."

He then proceeded to explain the concept of Akashic Backlashes, which made Mildred furrow her brows.

"That means Cosmics have a weakness that becomes more pronounced the more powerful they are. The 8th Level Psions will not be eager to involve themselves in a war with Earth. The Second Founder especially will not."

"But she took direct action to obliterate Tarus II." Jason retorted, his anger flaring up for a moment. "That villain cannot be trusted."

"I disagree." Jepthath said. "You described a future where the Volgrim were surrounded by the Plague on all fronts. It seems more likely Dosena was one of only a few free enough to attack your world. That is why she attacked despite knowing she would suffer a terrible Akashic Backlash. In this era, she will not make a move unless the situation is truly dire. Likewise, the 8th Level Psions will hesitate to threaten their power unless necessary. We will have to face 7th Level Psions, at the worst."

Mildred's expression darkened. "You speak as if this is a small matter, Jepthath. 7th Level Psions could still wipe out Demon Emperors with a single thought. Nothing and nobody on Earth is their match, save perhaps the Archangels and certain Titan Kings, including Zeus. I fear that even Jason will not be able to pose them a serious threat. And if he does? The Volgrim still have Executors and their Second Founder in the back-wing."

All three Heroes became eerily quiet as they carefully rolled this information around in their craniums. Mildred especially worked overtime to think about what Jason had told her.

"...Alright, dear boy. We will help you." Mildred said, speaking on behalf of herself and Jepthath. "What abilities can we provide that your Wordsmithing cannot?"

"I only need your help directly in these early stages." Jason explained. "Though, later on, your talents will still become extremely valuable. But let's focus on the short term."

Jason cleared his throat.

"Mildred. I need you to help me construct a mental supercomputer inside my Mind Realm. Originally, my wife's clone, Fiona, did this. However, she is not available and I need to act in secrecy without alerting the demons or Volgrim. You are the best candidate. Once my supercomputer is finished, I can use it to enhance my Wordsmithing, to construct secret safe havens for humanity, and to prepare for the future war."

Jason motioned with his hands. He summoned a magical blackboard with words written on it, words he had written when he spoke to his father a couple days before.

MANIFEST ORIGINAL POWERS AND ABILITIES

CONSTRUCT TIME ACCELERATED REALM

REMAIN ICOGNITO: PLAGUE NOT YET A FACTOR, FULL VOLGRIM MILITARY STRUCTURE INTACT...

Mildred and Jepthath read through the bullet points. They nodded, understanding Jason's grand plans.

"These outlines are somewhat sloppy, but I get the gist of what you need, dear boy." Mildred said. "First, empower yourself. Then, construct a time-accelerated realm. Once inside, work quickly and furiously to rebuild your former base of power. Finally, use this new strength to swiftly launch decapitation strikes. Take out key demon leaders, humans, Volgrim, and so on. Attack from the shadows. Keep your enemies guessing. Never let on the truth behind your powers."

Jepthath smiled in a somewhat horrifying and evil manner. "Make these bloodskins feel fear, eh? I must say, I like the way you think, Jason. I am pleased to offer my services to such a competent Hero. It's about time a fearsome junior arrived on the scene."

"Genocide is on the table." Jason explained. "But that doesn't mean I want to take such a path. It would be preferable to maintain Earth's diversity and unite all our species against the Volgrim. In fact, had the Volgrim not betrayed me so vilely, I might have wanted to try and unite with them too. There are, after all, horrors in the _Unknown._ Preparing for the arrival of the Plague should be our top priority, but we will have to treat the Volgrim as our main threat for now."

Jason's explanations had truly given Mildred and Jepthath a lot to chew on. They looked at one another, no longer confident about Earth's future prospects. Their enemy was a species that had swallowed the entire galaxy, and Earth was nothing more than a curiosity to these aliens. It was no threat. It could not possibly become a threat for a very long time, either.

Only with the concerted effort of the Wordsmith and his allies would humanity have a shred of a chance at surviving the future war.

The Energy Wars would test humanity. Would it falter and break, or would it rise up to meet and defeat this challenge?

Jepthath felt a swelling of ambition in his chest. How could he allow his species to fall? He had the ability to grant it a piece of future potential: Potential which might someday blossom into warriors capable of battling Cosmics! Under Jason, he could realize his powers in a way he wouldn't have been able to when he was alive!

For Jepthath, this war has always been personal. The Demons tried to slaughter his species. They killed his wife and children. His family. His descendants.

One atrocity after another. The demons never stopped, always pushing to cause him the deepest possible anguish at any given moment in time.

But gradually, his heart hardened. He became unbreakable. He gained the determination to never stop fighting back.

Perhaps Solomon might long for death, but Jepthath never did. He only sought one outcome: The complete extinction of his enemies.

And now? He had to add another species to that hit list. The Volgrim would _pay_ for their future crimes.

"So." Jepthath said. "When can we begin the work?"

"Today. Right now, even." Jason answered. "Time waits for no man."