Solomon appears before me. His expression turns somber as he gestures toward the top of my head. "My Crown is an incredible tool. You've barely tapped into its latent potential. To expedite teaching you about the angels and demons, I'm going to activate a direct mental link."

"Okay," I reply. "What does that mean? Don't I already have that link? I mean, it's sitting on top of my head. That's pretty direct."

The ancient king frowns. "Not quite. My artifact holds a vast array of knowledge, much of which I took from demons, angels, and humans during my prime. I can also pull from the memories of the Archangels here, allowing you to visualize the past as if you were living it yourself."

Before I can reply, Raphael interrupts, a note of alarm in his voice. "Solomon! How dost thee intend to use our memories?"

Solomon pauses. "Ah, sorry, I won't touch yours, Raphael. Michael and Gabriel's recollections will be quite sufficient."

A drop of sweat drips down Raphael's forehead. He quickly dabs at it. "Ah, of course. Good. Good. Carry on."

Once again, a strange suspicion roils in my stomach. Raphael is unusually secretive about the past, specifically regarding what happened before his people wiped their memories. What terrible events must have unfolded for him to be so cautious?

Guardedly returning my attention to Solomon, I nod. "Alright. How will your little vision system work?"

Solomon waves his hand. In the air before him, a holographic display appears with images of hundreds of white-skinned, red-skinned, and dark-skinned beings of many shapes and sizes.

"Anyone who has worn my Crown in life, or anyone I touched while I was still alive, donated their knowledge to me wittingly or unwittingly. In the case of the demons, I even obtained the memories of any souls they had ingested. Quite handy. As I said, my Crown holds the collective knowledge and memories of seven-hundred thousand living and deceased humans, angels, and demons — even a few Volgrim."

I raise an eyebrow. "Oh? I'd like to learn about the Volgrim first."

"No, you don't," Solomon replies, annoyance in his voice. "In due time. Let's bring you up to speed on the others first. I'll begin with the Day of Betrayal."

"That sounds ominous. What happened?"

"You'll see," The ancient king replies. He shoots a glance at Raphael, then back to his holographic display. "I hope this isn't too disorienting for anyone."

He taps a button on the screen. My vision goes black.

..................................................

Somewhere between one and five seconds later, I blink my eyes open. A sea of colors floods my mind, taking me several moments to adjust.

Green. Red. Yellow. A garden. A forest. Hedges, vines, and trees spread out into the distance before me.

People walking around. Wings. They have wings. Ah, they're angels.

After a moment, I try to move, but my body won't respond. I can't move my hands, or my head, or even adjust my gaze. However, as if a puppeteer is controlling my body, my arm raises to pluck at an instrument, creating a soft sound.

A harp sits before me. I've never played one before, but I recognize it immediately. Several dozen angels sit in a half-circle and gaze at me as I strum the instrument, some on stone benches, others on the ground. One of the men hangs upside-down from a tree branch! Somehow, despite never performing before, I pluck the harp like a seasoned professional, with beauty and grace. The smiles on the faces around me appear light-hearted, as if I could make a dozen mistakes, but nobody would care. My performance is intended to be light-hearted and fun, not a professional show.

My mouth opens. "La la la~ lalala~"

The voice that escapes my lips isn't mine. It's female. Lovely, too, with a lovely lilt and cadence I could listen to all day.

As the woman continues strumming, I glance at her hand and notice her soft, supple skin is noticeably darker than many of the angels nearby. It seems she's younger than the others, perhaps in her twenties.

After several minutes, she finishes her song. The onlookers clap politely. One of the girls sends an enthusiastic grin my way. "That was delightful, Uzziel! How art thou so talented?"

"Lots of practice!" Uzziel replies. The sensation of my mouth moving is uncanny, but I find myself growing used to it as the minutes pass. "Shall I play another?"

The angel hanging from the tree crosses his arms. "Hmm. Thy eyes appear to blink heavily, sister. Do not push thyself unnecessarily."

A yawn escapes my lips. I blink slowly. "Ah, perhaps thou art right, Elphin. Three evenings back-to-back surely aren't good for my health. I'll stop, for now."

The others nod appreciatively. "There is no need to exhaust thyself. Enjoy a good rest, Uzziel."

Standing up, I slip past the harp and stretch the kinks out of my back. The other angels disperse, leaving me alone with Elphin. The angel hops from his tree and lands deftly. I can barely tell him apart from any other male picked at random, save for a thornless rose tucked behind his ear. Elphin's white hair blends with the majority of other angels, but a few of the women have dyed hair in different colors. Uzziel brushes hers to the side, allowing me to catch a glimpse of it. It's a light sea-green color, spilling into curls past her shoulders.

Elphin falls into place beside me as we turn and walk past a large, stone fountain. "Overworking thy body is undesirable, milady. As the Creator orders, we mustn't waste what we can save for another day."

"'Tis no problem," I reply. "A little fatigue is a small price to pay for making my family smile."

"Of course," Elphin says, keeping his voice neutral. "I still think a few days of rest are in order. If you would-"

Elphin pauses mid-sentence and raises his eyes to the sky, as do I. Hundreds of feet above, a single figure soars toward us, decelerating as he draws near. What interests me more is that this place, wherever I am, appears to be illuminated by an all-encompassing source of light. No sun sits suspended in the sky above. Instead, the light comes from all directions at once.

To myself, I ask, _where does the light come from?_

Solomon's voice replies. _You haven't realized yet, but this is the Garden of Eden, one of the most beautiful places in Heaven._

_Oh,_ I mutter. _ Heaven. That explains a lot._

The winged figure swoops toward us and stalls out at the last second, tilting his wings to freeze thirty feet above. He lands gently in the field, allowing me to get a good look at him.

A golden mask covers the top half of the newcomer's face. It rises several inches above his hair and a few inches to the right and left of his head, tapering off into feather-like protrusions, as if it could leap from his face and fly away whenever it wished — the man's bare, muscular chest ripples with strength. Tattoos of various animals, including a bear, wolf, and lion, dot his chest and arms. The bottom half of a toga is all that covers his waist.

The man approaches me. Before he utters a word, I notice the irritation on his face. His lips curl into a frown. "Uzziel, I require a moment of thy time."

I pause. "Certainly, Samael. What is the matter?"

"It's the imps. The little wretches-" He pauses to look elsewhere and compose himself. "Thy... thy _children_ destroyed one of my experiments."

"Oh, no! That's terrible!" Uzziel's voice lilts in alarm. "Surely, 'twas an accident?"

Samael tosses his right hand flippantly in the air. "Tch. I haven't a clue. I told the little bast- the _imps_ to leave me alone. They always pester and annoy me. That Satan fellow causes problems every damned-"

"Okay, okay," Uzziel says, interrupting Samael. I step toward him and rest a hand on his shoulder. "I apologize, brother. I'll discipline him at once."

Samael meets my gaze for several seconds, then averts his eyes. "Gah. Thy fascination with the red rats perplexes me. They fail the simplest tasks. They trip us underfoot. I wish they would all fall in a pit of-"

"That's enough, brother," Uzziel says. Her tone darkens noticeably. "I don't want to hear another word. The Heated Pond calls for thee. Take a break and relax. I'll handle my children."

Samael licks his lips. He glances at Elphin and sighs. "Very well. I'll leave the matter in thy capable hands."

"Indeed," I say, leaning forward to peck him on the cheek. 

Samael runs his fingers through his hair and stomps toward the garden, leaving Elphin and me alone.

Elphin grunts. "Thy brother's words might be unpleasant, but I don't disagree with him. The imps are little more than nuisances."

"They sustain us," I reply. "What fate do they deserve? Shall I smite them dead? The imps are my children. I shall continue to treat them as such."

"Of course. I would never ask thee to commit an act as heinous as genocide. In any case, I'll take my leave now. Camael requested my assistance with testing a new artifact."

I nod, but it feels diplomatic. "Farewell, Elphin."

The male turns and flies off into the distance, leaving me all by myself. I don't know who anyone is, but something about the way Uzziel spoke to Elphin tells me she isn't as close to him as she is Samael. Perhaps he isn't a close relative? Do angels have spouses? In-laws?

Solomon replies in my mind. _Uzziel is an Archangel, as is Samael, Camael, Uriel, Raphael, Michael, and Gabriel. Additionally, Cassiel and Muriel used to live among their ranks, but they passed away during the wars against the Dragons and Titans._

_Oh,_ I reply. _That sucks._

_Indeed. Elphin, however, was a Cherub. Along with the Seraphs and Opaphs, they were considered the defenders of Heaven, ranked above other non-combatants, but below Archangels. Elphin was a renowned warrior during the Dragon War._

_He sounds powerful._

_In a manner of speaking._

Uzziel continues walking ahead. Birds chirp above, bees buzz past, and as I pass through the gardens, I snatch an apple off the ground and bite into it, relishing the sweet juiciness as it runs down my chin. Solomon's Crown might present this past as only a vision, but my mouth waters from the rich, delectable taste of the fruit. The thoughts of pizza and lasagna and all the other human food I've ever eaten melt away as I swallow the first chunk of it. I want more.

Uzziel bites into it as she walks, savoring every morsel. When she finishes, she stares longingly at the core for a moment before dropping it to the ground.

_The fruits and vegetables in Heaven were much purer than anything on Earth,_ Solomon says. _Uzziel infused them with large amounts of spiritual energy. Having tasted one of Heaven's apples during my lifetime, all other fruits became like dust in my mouth. It was a bittersweet moment, knowing I would never taste anything so good for the rest of my life. Eventually, the sensation passed. I forced myself to forget._

_I can see why,_ I reply. _This is merely a vision of Heaven's fruit. I can only imagine how the real deal would have tasted._

_Angels didn't require sustenance, but they would sometimes eat during formal occasions if necessary. Sadly, only mana-infused fruit held any taste for them. It was a double-edged blade, in my opinion._

An ancient Greek temple arises in the distance. I recognize the stonework immediately, even though I've never been to Greece. Pillars of chiseled rock support an archway hundreds of feet above, towering over the angels milling about on its doorstep. Latin letters etched into it reveal the name of the building. Thanks to the Crown, I'm able to read them.

_The Temple of Elderium._

Dozens of other buildings, also Greek-style, litter the city around it. Angels walk and fly from place to place, while some even relax atop various roofs, chatting with one another to pass the time.

Soon, I notice something else. Amidst the angels, tiny little creatures skitter about, ducking and dodging the legs of the giants above. Their red skin and bulbous eyes mark them immediately as imps.

One imp carries several scrolls in his arms. He expertly dodges the angels around him as he runs toward the giant temple. "'Scuse me! Me bad! Sorry!"

Just before the little guy makes it to the stairs, one angel lands directly in front of him at the base of the temple, causing the imp to leap backward in surprise, trip, and spill the scrolls all over the ground.

"No! No! Aw, geez!" The demon scrambles to grab his papers while the angel who landed before him scowls.

"Watch it, fool! I nearly tripped over thy fat head!"

"S-sorry! No mean to! Big accident!"

"Apologies are certainly in order. Ugly rat." The man flips his hair back and strides into the temple.

I walk over to the imp and drop to my knees. "Art thou alright, little one? The skies avail thee! Keep an eye above. Elderium is always a busy place."

The imp glances up at me as he grabs the last scroll. "Oh! Mudder Uzziel! Me work hard! Make happy!"

"Aye," I say, smiling. I lean forward to smooch the little guy on his forehead, then remember a moment later it's Uzziel doing the kissing, and not me. Yuck. Easily the worst part of the vision so far.

The imp scampers inside, leaving me alone. I stand up and sigh, then scan the plaza to look for something.

I spot it. Or rather, Uzziel does. I haven't the faintest clue what she sees, but the Archangel takes off in the opposite direction from the temple toward a statue of a lion clawing toward the sky. As she approaches it, I spot another imp holding onto one of the lion's legs with one hand, while balling his other into a fist and pumping it in the air. He leans away from the statue and suspends himself a few feet above the ground.

"Too much work! Never get sleep! Imps have rights! Big chickens think own us!"

Several angels nearby stare at Satan, whispering to themselves conspiratorially, as if they're trying to figure out what to do with him. At the base of the statue, several of Satan's fellow imps stare up at him, awe in their eyes.

"You said it! Big boss right! Need more food, better beds!"

I stop several feet away, off to their side, and cross my arms. None of the imps notice me until I speak. "Satan! What is the meaning of this? Work should be at the top of thy itinerary, not idle chatter."

Satan's triumphant fist-pumping comes to a screeching halt. His eyes bolt open as he turns his head to face me. "Ah! Mudder! It's mudder Uzziel!"

"Mother..." I say under my breath, correcting his poor linguistic ability. "Get down from there. Thou art causing a disturbance."

A few angels walk by, glance at me, then the imps, and look away, satisfied I seem to be taking care of things. The others from before disperse now that I've arrived. It appears Uzziel is someone respected by her peers. Her title of Archangel isn't for nothing.

Satan lowers his head guiltily and slides down the side of the statue, then stands meekly, waiting for my judgment. "S-sorry, mudder..."

"Sorry doesn't cut it. Not this time." Uzziel snaps each word, biting them off angrily. "Verily, thou dids't destroy one of Samael's experiments! What hath thee to say for thyself?"

"It was ask-i-dent," Satan replies. "Didn't mean break it..."

"When last we spoke, I delivered thee an ultimatum. I wasn't joking. Now I must punish thee, even though it breaks my heart to do so."

The other imps lower their heads contritely. "Satan good boy. No hurt him, please, mudder."

I sigh and tilt my head back to inhale deeply. "Haah... what shall I do? Samael and Michael want thy head on a stake. A beating won't accomplish anything, but since thou dost continue to stir up trouble in Heaven, ye leave me no choice."

Several seconds pass. I lower my head to nod at them. "Alright. Thy punishment shall be... banishment."

Satan raises his eyes. "B-band-ish-mint?"

"That's right. It means ye can no longer live in Heaven, nor can thy comrades. I'll have to banish everyone standing here to Earth."

Satan glances at the imps nearby. "What she mean?"

"Dunno," Another imp replies. "Word too big."

I point my fingers at each imp, one by one, and mutter under my breath, "Agares, Valac, Lucy, Diablo... looks like there are about fifteen of them. How unfortunate."

Uzziel recognizes them. I don't. I keep forgetting she's the one in control. Sometimes I feel as though my mind is on the brink of merging with hers.

Frankly, I don't understand why she wants to banish the demons. What was their crime? Asking for better living conditions? Breaking some random gadget? Being a little annoying?

Something seems fucked-up here. Maybe it's because I come from the 21st century, but I think the angels are treating the imps terribly. The little guys do their best, but the angels have nothing but irrational hatred for them.

Uzziel beckons to the dozen or so imps. "Follow me, please. I'll guide thee to Heaven's Gate."

The imps nod and follow after her. Satan cocks his head. "Big gate? That place go to Earth. We no allowed there."

"Correct," I reply. "'Tis true under normal circumstances. However, I cannot stand the thought of ending thy lives. Thou art my beloved children, after all."

The imp's eyes go wide with fear. Still, they follow after Uzziel. Since she knows all of their identities, fleeing won't do them any favors. They'll never escape her wrath.

_How many imps are in Heaven?_ I wonder to myself.

_Far too many,_ comes the reply. This time, it's Michael who responds. _I would estimate there were around thirty-five thousand of the little red bastards running around._

_I don't understand your constant hostility. What did the imps ever do to you? It looks to me like they were only slaves at this point._

_Don't mind Michael,_ Raphael chimes in. _He never liked the imps from the beginning. I tried to keep my opinion of them in check, but I never came close to Uzziel's enthusiasm. She was the only Archangel who truly cared about their fates. On several occasions, the imps would frenzy about and tear apart priceless scrolls or documents. Some of those held information I considered more precious than my life._

_Oh? Why did they do that, then? You make the imps sound like they were little assholes, always on the prowl to cause mischief and mayhem._

_That's because they were!_ Michael snarls. _All they wanted was to-_

_Michael. Calm thyself,_ Gabriel says. _Those were the ancient days. Dwelling on the past will only bring thee grief._

Several moments pass. Uzziel continues to walk away from the city district toward 'Heaven's Gate,' oblivious to my conversation with her brothers.

_Ancient. So ye say,_ Michael says, much more quietly. _We've lived for millions, perhaps even billions of years. What is a hundred thousand years compared to the blood of my kin spilling across my chest, or a sister dying in my arms? The so-called Ancient Times ache in my chest today as much as they did then._

All three Archangels go silent. Solomon clears his throat and changes topics. _Let's skip ahead, Jason._

Time fast-forwards. Ten miles zip past in an instant, and soon the Temple of Elderium is long behind Uzziel. I can barely make out a great tree far to the East, but Uzziel turns to the West, toward a massive granite obelisk, one with two cherubs parked before it and a glowing gateway at the bottom.

I can't see through the glowing portal. Wherever it leads is a mystery. Uzziel gestures toward it, motioning for the imps to step through.

One of the cherub guards holds up his hand. "Ah, milady Uzziel. By Gabriel's orders, I must stop thee. What is thy business with these imps?"

"I'm banishing them," I reply. "These little ones have caused more mischief than anyone would like. I'm banishing them to Earth where they won't trouble us anymore."

The armored angel tilts his head toward his friend. "Ah..."

His friend shrugs. "Sister Uzziel is an Archangel. 'Tis her prerogative."

The first one turns back to me. "Thou knoweth we must inform Gabriel, correct?"

"No need to bother," I reply. "I'll do so myself. Feel free, though, if ye wish."

"A-alright, milady. Do as thou please. But, ah... by taking these imps outside, dost thou understand that, ah, the treaty...?"

"The Titans. Yes. I understand."

"Excellent. Far be it for us to obstruct thee."

Both cherubs step aside, unbarring the path. I smile sweetly at them and allow the imps to exit, then follow after a moment later.

Passing through Heaven's Gate sends the same waves of disorientation through me as the portals in the Labyrinth Core. A sharp rushing of air impacts my ears, but I adjust within seconds.

A large, hollow chamber greets me. Wherever we are, it's dark and cave-like. The imps glance around, shifting from one foot to the other. They're unsettled. So am I.

We continue walking together, and Gabriel speaks inside my mind.

_Dost thee remember this place, Michael?_

_I wish I could forget._

Gabriel's voice tightens. _Thou dost lay the blame on thyself, but I was at fault too. I should have helped Uriel._

_We all should,_ Raphael says. _I couldn't tell the changeling apart from Michael. 'Twas a dastardly deed._

I listen to their conversation, and a sickening sense of dread overcomes me. 

_Hold on. Uriel. Changeling. Are you referring to... to when Samantha killed her?_

Seconds pass. The sound of Uzziel's bare feet slapping against the damp ground is the only sound. Even the imps are unusually quiet.

Raphael coughs. _Kuh. Samantha. Surely, thou referreth to Belial._

_Yes. Her. What happened?_

_That witch. That she-devil,_ Michael whispers, rage in his voice. _I hate her. I hate everything about her. Belial assumed my form at the beginning of the War in Heaven. She told Uriel to cease her defense of Heaven's outer gates. When Uriel refused... Belial killed her._

Silence follows.

I stare ahead blankly, paying little attention to anything Uzziel sees.

Son of a bitch. I don't believe it. I mean... I _do_, but it's simply... unbelievable.

Hope spoke to Neil six years ago. I overheard the conversation. Hope warned Neil that Samantha killed Uriel. I didn't understand the full context back then, but... but now...

I don't know what to do. Samantha is Phoebe's close friend. If she did kill an Archangel, what does that mean? 

Was Hope right?

Do we have a double-agent in our midst?

_You're more reserved than usual,_ Solomon says. _Having second thoughts? About Samantha, I mean._

_A few. You knew what she did, didn't you? When Hope told me about Samantha and Uriel... and when I apologized to Samantha, you were there both times. Why didn't you say anything?_

_I didn't feel the need._

_That's a terrible answer._

Solomon pauses to think before replying. _Well, Jason, don't you believe people can change?_

_Maybe. But there's a difference between shifts in personality and... and... murdering someone!_

Michael interjects. _I don't believe anyone can change. We are who we are. If the Creator wished for me to be a fair-skinned boyish figure, I'd have little say in the matter. Instead, he created me to be the ultimate warrior angel. As for Belial, he made her into a lying, murderous snake._

_But if the Creator has a plan, then wouldn't that mean he planned for Belial to kill Uriel?_

_He works in mysterious ways._

I cough. _Krmph. If you ask me, the Creator sounds like an asshole._

_Blasphemy!_ Michael barks. _I won't hear another word._

_Suit yourself._

I try to swallow the rock in my throat. I want to push it down into my stomach, but Uzziel's body prevents me from doing that. When these visions conclude, I'll have to confront Samantha for the second time.

Maybe murderers can change. 

I pray they can.

As if reading my thoughts, Solomon speaks. _These visions will reveal everything you need to know, Jason. The War in Heaven was the most pivotal moment in Earth's history. It shaped everything to come. Listen carefully, open your mind, and soon you may understand a millionth of the things I do._

_Yeah, sure. Don't pat yourself on the back too hard._

After a minute, Uzziel and the imps wind their way through another underground cave. A wall of light slams against our faces as she finds the cave exit. The midday sun shines overhead, scorching the land with hundred-degree heat. 

Reflexively, Uzziel wipes my forehead. Her forehead. Fuck, I have a hard time keeping things straight.

"Okay~! We're here. Welcome to thy new home."

Satan slowly inches out of the cave opening. A small plateau leads to a sheer drop of several hundred feet, and after that, the mountain veers into a steep incline until it reaches the base a mile below.

"Um... mudder Uzziel?"

"Yeees~?"

"We no can fly..."

I almost hear the gears turning in Uzziel's mind.

"Oh. Right. Well, we wanted the entrance to Heaven to be as remote as possible. This is Mount Sinai's steepest face."

Satan wrings his stubby fingers together, glances at the other imps, then back to me. "Errmm... me no want go. Where get food? Where get sleep?"

"Thou shalt have to find a way to survive," I reply softly. "I'm sorry, love. It hurts me to say, but thou dids't bring this upon thyself. I tried to help thee many times, but disobedience was all ye gave me in return. Fear not. There are mice and bugs and fruit to eat on Earth as well. As long as thy wits stay sharp, thou shalt survive for many a moon. I will try to visit now and then, but I have other children to care for."

Turning to the entrance, I motion with my hands. Energy flows through my body in a way I've never experienced before. Warmth and joy send ecstasy coursing through my veins. The mountainside flattens out, turning into a steep, unclimbable slope. However, the texture smooths out like polished bedrock, creating a slide all the way to the base of the mountain.

For a moment, I half-expect Uzziel to ride it, but she doesn't. Instead, she nudges Satan with her foot. "Go on. Slide to the bottom. I mustn't be outside of Heaven for long. It violates the ancient treaty."

Satan inches toward the ledge, but backs away at the last second and grabs my leg. "Ahh! No want go! Very scary! Big fall! Hurt!"

 "Don't worry. I added soft grass to the end of the ride. It will be fun!"

Satan shakes his head. Tears well up in his eyes. "Scared! Scared, mudder!!"

The other imps nod, but one approaches the edge. "Pft. Satan big scaredy. Me go first. Easy."

Without saying another word, the little guy hops off and begins hurtling toward the bottom. His scream of terror turns to excitement, but within a few seconds, his voice fades into the distance.

"See? Bael isn't scared! Now, go! Thou art the leader. Leaders never cry."

"Yeah," another imp says. "G-git movin' boss. No be little crybaby."

"Shaddup, Agares!" Satan growls at the other. "Me no scared o-of anything..."

Uzziel rolls her eyes. "So thou dost claim."

It takes some coaxing, but Satan eventually stands at the precipice, inhaling several times as he builds up the courage to move.

"Hurry up!" A squeaky female voice yells. "Gah! Sick of waiting! Stupid man!"

She lunges forward and kicks Satan in the back, knocking him over the ledge. His scream of terror, unlike Bael's, never turns to excitement.

I groan. "Lucy. That was rude."

"No care. Men always slow. Me go next."

The ugly little imp girl, whose only indication of femininity is her nasally voice, hops off and begins sliding. She doesn't let out a sound as she rushes toward the bottom.

The others follow after, each giving a fifteen-second buffer so that they don't land on their friends.

One final imp remains. He glances up at me. "Mudder... we see you again?"

"Of course, Agares. I'll visit someday. In fact-"

Before I can finish speaking, footsteps from inside the cave catch my attention. I turn and spot a massive, fifteen-foot Archangel stomping toward me. I recognize him immediately as Gabriel. The Goliath of a winged being scrapes the ceiling with his forehead, but he ignores that fact, and his eyes lock on me.

"Uzziel! What art thou doing?!"

"Um..." 

Uzziel's voice cracks. An instant later, she shoves her foot out and kicks Agares over the side. The helpless imp screams as he hurtles toward the bottom.

"...Nothing?"

Gabriel stares at me blankly. "D-dids't thou just kill... that little...?"

"What? No!" I quickly point over the cliff. "I banished the troublemakers! Now they won't cause trouble any longer."

Gabriel scowls, lumbers toward me, and peers over the cliff. The sound of Agares' screams fade as he plunges toward the grassy plains below.

"Damnation, Uzziel. Earth is Titan territory. Thou must consult me before treading upon their domain."

I shove my tongue against my cheek and cross my arms. "Had I done so, thou would have sentenced my children to death."

"Obviously! Gah! I shouldn't even be this far from Heaven, nor should thee. I have half a mind to fly down there-"

Gabriel's nostrils flare. He closes his eyes and turns back toward the inside of the cave. "I love thee, little sister, but I hate how ye test my patience. If the Titans find out..."

"We'll say the imps ran away."

"They won't believe that lie for a moment."

I exhale. "Well, feel free to recover the little ones if it bothers thee that much."

"Thou knoweth I can't do that. I shouldn't be this far from Heaven as things are now."

"Mhm."

Gabriel clicks his tongue. "Tsk. Come along, then. I swear by the Creator's name, if thou should pull a stunt like that ever again..."

"Don't worry, brother, I won't. I won't!"

I fall into step beside Gabriel and smile sweetly, beaming sunshine up at him. "Art thou going to spank me?"

"Please, Uzziel. Contain thy vulgarity."

"Haha! Thou art blushing!"

"No. I'm not."

Uzziel continues poking fun at him all the way back to Heaven's Gate. I, on the other hand, feel weirded out by her strange overtones.

_Gabriel, was your sister always so... so... flirty?_

The Archangel's voice rumbles in my mind. _'Twas in her nature. Uzziel was the Archangel of Creation. Some called her Earthmother or Gaia. As a goddess of fertility, she always poked and prodded at others. She was a freer spirit than the rest of us._

_A blessing and a curse,_ Raphael adds. _Truthfully, young Hero, all angels were the same age. To say Uzziel was our younger sister would be to utter a lie. The Creator formed us from the dust of the cosmos all at once. Uzziel always was one to trust others blindly, even to her detriment. Her naivete won her many friends... but also allowed her enemies to exploit her._

After a few seconds, the vision fades away.

I reappear before the campfire alongside Solomon, with the Archangels in the same positions as before.

"Uzziel seemed like... like a genuinely wonderful person."

My words make the Archangel of Courage bow his head and close his eyes. "She was our precious, blessed sister. I would have given anything to protect her."

Gabriel walks around the fire and rests his hand on Michael's back. "Fret not, little brother. Thou dids't give everything up for her sake."

"And it wasn't enough."

Silently, I watch the two comfort each other. Until now, Michael has repeatedly performed actions that depict him in a negative, violent light. He seems unwilling to listen to reason or to look at things from the other side.

Something happened to him. I don't know what... but it changed him. It hardened his will. I can only imagine it was a loss unlike any other, something not even I could recover from.

Muriel... Cassiel. Michael lost two fellow Archangels, his sisters, during the war against the dragons. Could that have been what changed him? Perhaps something else?

Solomon claps his hands, snapping me out of my thoughts. "Okay! Well, this is a touching moment, but I'm afraid we still have much to cover. Shall I move onto the next vision?"

Michael wipes at his eyes. "Yes. Go ahead. Don't mind me."

I nod. "Send me in, uh, captain."

Solomon scrunches up his face. "I should warn you... this next vision is... disturbing."

"Just show me. I don't want to waste time."

"Alright. You asked for it."