Part 157: All Is Fair in Love and War
Part 157: All Is Fair in Love and War

"Nerissa?!"

Satan's eyes bolt open in shock. The woman he's come to Heaven in the hopes of reviving now stands beside Valac, her body no longer a vibrant, lustrous red. Instead, the pale grey of undead skin clings to her like maggots to rotting flesh. She stares at the ground, her eyes downcast and anxious.

The Grim Reaper chuckles. "Hehehe... oh, Satan, how do you like my gift? You've spent a few years trying to revive your woman, but your efforts went adrift. She's here now, alive and well; all because of me, who brought her back from Hell. Now, if you please, I do believe thanks are in order! I brought her here for your tearful reunion, but it was never my job to escort her."

Satan's emotions crash around in his mind like a tsunami. Guilt, anger, and disgust all swirl and mix with fear and suspicion.

_Davook, you idiot!_ Satan screams internally. _I told you to keep an eye on Nerissa's crystal! Bah, who am I kidding? He didn't stand a chance against Valac. Lords can't fight Emperors on equal grounds, ever._

Despite the thoughts smashing around inside Satan's skull, the Devil forces himself to keep calm. "What do you want from me, Valac? You wouldn't reanimate Nerissa for no reason. Is she part of some plot to control me? To take control of demonkind?!"

Valac waves his hand flippantly. "Of course not. I care little for the foibles of angels and demons. Why take control of the living, when the dead have come into season? This war has multiplied my troops quite deliciously; proof that my rule is already underway, unofficially. No, my appearance today is for a reason I find quite plain! I love to torture you, and your love for Nerissa proves a most useful chain."

Nerissa raises her head to gaze at Satan. She flinches as Valac's magic starts pressuring her mind. "No! I won't fight Satan, not even if you force me!"

Valac frowns. "Once before, you dared to disobey me. I told you to attack Satan, but instead, you betrayed me! It took only one icicle through your gut, and your life came to a stop; but now you're undead, so you must submit to me or _drop_."

"Aaahhn!" 

Nerissa cries out in pain as her soul battles against Valac's. However, it only takes a few breaths before he subdues her, and her body begins to move. She motions with her hands, and two blades of ice materialize. She snatches them out of the air and dashes toward Satan, putting him on the defensive.

Valac laughs like a lion. "Ahahaha! Go, now, my little demoness, and strike Satan down! You can't kill him, but I long to see his frown!"

"I'm sorry, Satan!" Nerissa yells. She grits her teeth and swings her blades, sending a spray of razor-sharp icicles flying at him. "Don't you dare let me kill you!"

Satan smashes his fist into Heaven's Soil. A pillar of stone bursts out of the ground and blocks the ice attacks, but a moment later, Nerissa leaps over it and slashes toward him.

"Don't worry about me!" Satan replies. He dives to the side, narrowly evading her swords. "I've got a few million lives left! Hades, you take on Valac! I don't want that bastard hitting me from the back!"

Hades nods. He grabs Raphael's limp figure off the ground and wraps his arm under his waist. "Leave it to me."

While Satan and Nerissa battle, Hades eyeballs Valac. The Reaper meets his gaze, causing Hades to shudder.

"Oh, Samael, I've watched you for quite a while. With your memories unlocked by that dragon, you've yet to crack a smile! It's hard, I know, bearing the weight of Raphael's transgressions. Hand him over to me, and I'll be sure to teach him a lesson."

"Don't call me by my old name. I no longer associate with the angels. Even so, Raphael will still serve a purpose for me. I won't hand him over. If you want him, you'll have to kill me first!"

Valac's expression turns ominous. "Two Archangel souls earned in a single battle? You drive a hard bargain, but I'll deal with the hassle! Prepare yourself, for I never hold back; you'll find that your frail little host cannot handle my attacks."

"Hmph."

Hades snorts derisively.

"I've fought dragons, Titans, and even Archangels. I'm not afraid of a half-dead dragonspawn."

"Hehehe... you will be. I've foreseen how our battle ends."

Valac's scythe materializes in his hands, and he lunges toward Hades!

"Join me in eternal rapture! There is no greater joy than serving an all-powerful god!"

Hades' Vectors activate. Two of them grab the scythe and tear it out of Valac's hands, but the weapon disperses into ash and reforms in his grasp once again, forcing Hades to counter with a different set of invisible arms.

"Behind you!" Valac laughs, as three more clones pop out of the ground and rush Hades from behind.

"Gah! Thou art a craven cur! Only a coward refuses to fight one-on-one!"

Hades and Valac battle each other with ungodly fervor. The Archangel trades blows, always managing to stay one step ahead of the five Reaper clones by carefully manipulating his Vectors to block every incoming threat. Unlike when he and Satan shared control of the Vectors, Hades's solo Vector manipulation skills prove ten times more efficient. Thanks to his recollection of ancient, long-forgotten memories, his battle skills rise impressively, allowing him to keep up with the Reaper. Despite his body being that of a simple Cherub warrior, it doesn't hinder him in the slightest.

...

"Can you resist Valac's control?" Satan asks. He backflips and summons a fireball in midair, then lobs it at Nerissa. However, his attack lacks killing intent. She deflects it with the barest of effort and scowls at him.

"Of course, I can't! Valac's worm allowed him to seize control of my soul when I died. I'm a pawn, now, tossed to and fro by his wishes! I can't control my body at- ah! On your left!"

Nerissa hurls one of her ice swords toward Satan's right shoulder, but just before he dodges left, she barks out a warning, causing him to jump backward instead. Her sword-throw misses by a millimeter, but the followup to Satan's left, a ferocious blast of ice shards, might have ended him on the spot if not for her warning.

Satan grunts. "Thanks for the heads-up, toots! Look, I hafta getcha out from under his thumb! If I do that, I've got a friend who can revive you!"

Nerissa goes silent. She summons a razor-sharp disc of ice, jumps into the air, and flings it at Satan's neck, but he ducks and punches it from below, fragmenting it.

"You can't keep worrying about me, Satan," Nerissa says. "I'm dead, now. The best thing you can do for me is free me from Valac's control."

"I'm tryin', dammit!" Satan punches the ground, and two stone-hands jump up under Nerissa to grab her legs and bind her in place, but she easily tears them apart with her bare hands. "Prying Valac's fingers off your soul is easier said than done!"

"No, that's not what I mean. You have to kill me. Let me die! Let go!"

Nerissa sweeps her hand toward the ground, causing a wave of ice to blast across Heaven's Soil. It charges at Satan like a tsunami, but he ignites flames under his boots and leaps into the sky.

_I won't kill Nerissa,_ Satan thinks. _I just got her back. My best option is to subdue her! If I can bind her in place, she won't be able to attack me, or follow Valac's orders!_

With that thought, Satan motions again, and summons the power of Poseidon's Octopus Form. Eight watery limbs spring out of his back and lunge toward Nerissa. Each one grabs for Nerissa's arms and legs; intent on pinning her in place.

"That won't work, Satan!" Nerissa yells. She immediately sees through Satan's plan and groans. "You can't use a water-based ability against me!"

The succubus swirls both hands in front of herself. By the time Satan's aquatic limbs draw within ten feet of her, Nerissa creates a magical circle in midair and fires eight concentrated blasts of ice at each incoming tentacle.

_SHKRIIIK!_

Her ice impacts the water and instantly freezes it solid. Satan's technique falls apart, and he quickly detaches the tentacles from his back before Nerissa's freezing effect can reach their core.

"Stupid woman! You always do things your way!" Satan yells, scolding her. "I still haven't forgiven you for killing yourself! Stop acting so bloody suicidal! I'm immortal, dammit!"

"Don't yell at me!" Nerissa counters. "I did what I had to! I'd never hurt you willingly!"

The Emperor of Ice motions again, and within seconds, a massive cloud of icicles begins revolving around her. Satan stares in surprise as a hundred, a thousand, and even ten thousand begin rapidly whirling like an ice cyclone.

"Uh, baby, you ain't mad, are you?"

"I'm not controlling my actions!" Nerissa hisses. "I've said this ten times, already! Now, get ready to dodge! This trump card isn't one you can block!"

Satan glances toward Hades and Valac for a brief second to confirm his comrade is still alive, but with five Reaper clones surrounding him, Hades isn't in the best shape.

"Fine! But I'm not killing you!" Satan says, returning his gaze to Nerissa. He starts to say something else, but a moment later, she fires her massive flurry of icicles. "Shit!"

Hundreds of steel-rending, ultra-hardened icy daggers fly at Satan. He ignites fire under his boots and jumps into the sky, but under Nerissa's adept control, the hailstorm locks on and chases him everywhere he goes.

"Spawn of a broodmother!" Satan growls. He uses wind magic to try and accelerate, but no matter how fast he moves, the ice continues gaining on him. "My fire and wind magic are only at Lord level! They can't compare to Nerissa's ice manipulation, since she's an Emperor! Damn, if only I had magic that didn't rely on others!"

Satan formulates a plan. He summons his aqua-tentacles again and tries using them to swat a few of the pursuing icicles out of the sky. Despite succeeding, the swarm continues to grow as Nerissa continually summons and fires more.

Up and down, left and right, Satan dodges and weaves, but still, he can't escape.

_Shik!_

One icicle pierces his calf, right above his ankle.

"Gahhh!"

Satan cries out in pain. The fire shooting from his right foot cuts off, causing him to lose his balance and plummet toward the ground in a free-fall. His final remaining fire-boot does nothing to slow his descent.

From below, a hundred icicles suddenly appear and fly up at him, intercepting his fall.

"Fuck fuck fuck fuck!!"

Satan shoots fireballs from his fists, but the pitiful bursts of heat only manage to knock a few of Nerissa's attacks away. The rest continue rushing at him, unimpeded.

Nerissa shrieks in terror. "Satan! No!!"

Too late, Satan closes his eyes as the icicles tear through his body, flinging blood and gore in every direction.

"Guhk..."

Satan gurgles out his last breath and smashes into Heaven's soil. Moments later, the pursuing icicles from behind rain upon him like a meteor shower, skewering every millimeter of his frame with countless ice bolts.

"Oh, devils! Oh, devils!!"

Nerissa stands, unmoving, even as she tries desperately to force her body toward Satan's mangled, mutilated corpse. Valac's magic freezes her in place, preventing her wishes from becoming a reality.

However...

After half a minute, bloody miasma begins to materialize in the air above the ice. It transforms into a miniature tornado of gore and rapidly congeals into Satan's body, causing him to shudder into existence. Satan immediately summons fire from his feet and flies into the air, preventing himself from landing on the bed of jagged ice.

"Oh, my days! I'm so sorry, Satan!" Nerissa yells. "Forgive me! I tried to stop it, but-"

"It's fine, it's fine!" Satan yells as he flies into the sky. The now-naked Emperor scowls at Nerissa in annoyance as he grumbles to himself. _I told my girl I was immortal. Why doesn't she ever listen? Sheesh, it's just one soul lost. Making a big huff over nothing..._

Satan frowns to himself as Nerissa immediately begins summoning another deadly froststorm to chase after him.

_I can't lie, dying ain't fun. The phantom pain haunts me even when I come back. Not only that, but I still don't have any idea how I can pin Nerissa down. My powers are too weak! The Octopus Form would be ideal, but she'll freeze it before it gets close!_

While Satan thinks to himself, a strange presence emerges in his mind.

"Heh heh heh..."

Satan flinches. He flicks his gaze toward Hades and Valac on the battlefield below. "Hades? Is that you?"

"Hahaha..."

The voice laughs again, as if mocking him. Satan strains to listen, but the best he can tell is that it isn't Hades's laughter, nor is it Valac's.

It's someone else — a male's voice.

"Look at the pitiful Demon Emperor now, subdued by his love for a woman."

The voice speaks again, taunting Satan.

Satan frowns.

"You sound familiar. Who the hell are you? What are you doing in my head?"

"Pahaha..." The voice snorts derisively. "That's quite the jest, coming from a soul manipulator. I'm not the only one here. By my count, there are a few million of us."

Satan's frown deepens. Nerissa's icicles shoot from the ground below, causing the Devil to turn around and fly away, but he focuses almost entirely on the voice in his head.

"You're one of my captured souls, eh? Forgive me if I don't 'member you, I've lost track of all the poor saps who ended up in there."

"No doubt," The voice replies. "Most of the poor, broken beings I've found are your fellow demons. For a Demon Emperor, your bloodthirst toward your people might be greater than toward mine."

"Towards yours?" Satan grins. "Ahh, so you're an angel."

"No, you _fool_," The male replies. His voice turns into a low growl. "I'm disgusted that you cast aside your memories of me so easily. After all, I should be your proudest accomplishment, your greatest victory. You managed to defeat a legendary Titan King, and yet you have the gumption to pretend we're strangers. Disgusting wretch."

"A Titan King? Poseidon?"

The fog vanishes from Satan's mind. He finally pieces together the voice speaking from his memories and smiles.

"Oh, hey! Long time no chat. I didn't know I could talk to my souls."

"I am not _your_ soul, impudent bloodskin. I am a proud warrior! Do not treat me like a disposable pawn to be cast aside in one of your schemes! Hmph! The reason we've never spoken before was due to interference from that damned Archangel. His power suppressed all of us, preventing us from seeing past your spiritual boundary! With him gone, I am now the strongest!"

"Nice," Satan replies. He summons Poseidon's Octopus Form again and quickly starts batting Nerissa's icicles from the air as they chase after him. "It must piss you off, seeing me use your powers as much as I want."

"Pahaha!" Poseidon guffaws. "You call this pathetic technique 'using my powers'? Hah! These pitiful water strings stuck to your back are hardly a tenth as impressive as when I summoned them! Look at how thin and frail they are! It's as if I'm watching a toddler try to swat a fly!"

Satan's grin vanishes. "Oh. Is that why you've been laughing?"

"I have many reasons to mock you. Watching the mighty trickster Satan getting chased by some frozen daggers is also quite the treat! I'd never have imagined you might fall so far."

"If I wanted to kill Nerissa, it wouldn't be difficult," Satan grunts. "I'm trying to subdue her. It's a lot easier said than done."

Poseidon continues to taunt Satan. "Naturally, when your technique is so limp-wristed and frail! If other demons saw your sorry performance, you'd become a laughingstock!"

Satan rolls his eyes. "Are you here to offer help, or are you going to run your mouth all day?"

"Help you? Not a chance. Nothing delights me more than seeing my killer toyed with by the Grim Reaper! I'm a big believer in karma, you see. You've earned your just desserts by toiling on the path of blood, foolish red rat! Now that you've ensnared my soul, I'll never be able to enter the Ancestor's Realm! Your suffering is the only thing that gives my existence meaning."

Satan aims his hands to the side and quickly begins rotating his body. He transforms into a spinning wheel of fire, which increases his flight speed and allows him to stay slightly ahead of the deadly, murderous icicles.

"If you aren't here to help, then shut your flapjacks," Satan grumbles.

From inside Satan's mind, a female voice suddenly speaks up. "Oh? Who's talking? Hello? Is anyone there?"

Poseidon's voice softens. "It is I, Poseidon! Who are you?"

"Poseidon? Father?! Is that really you?!"

Poseidon pauses for half a breath.

"By the ancestors! Megara? The Devil has devoured you, as well?!"

"Oh, Father! Long has it been since I heard anyone's voice! This infinite blackness has proven overwhelming! I tried to end my existence, but no matter what I did, I couldn't kill myself! My mind has begun to weaken as the centuries passed!"

"Damn you, Satan!" Poseidon growls. "I forgot that you were the one who slew my daughter! For trapping her soul inside this infinite darkness, I curse you for all eternity!!"

Satan groans. "Bloody hell, it's a whole family reunion in there. Would you morons shut up for ten minutes?! I'm trying to think!"

"Poseidon? Megara?" A new female voice speaks. "It's me, Selene! Satan stole my soul, as well!"

"And mine!" Another female says. "Selene, what good fortune for us to speak again!"

"Astarte, is that you?" Selene asks. "By the ancestors! I've spent so long in darkness; I nearly forgot who I was!"

The four Titans, all former enemies whose heads Satan crushed, continue excitedly babbling amongst one another. Satan's eyes turn bloodshot as he loses his ability to reason.

"SHUT UP! YOU FUCKERS ARE DRIVING ME INSANE!"

However, his words don't silence them. Instead, when the Devil screams in anger, Poseidon laughs evilly. "Hahaha! Satan cannot silence us! Without Samael's presence, we can cause this Devil-bastard endless misery! Come now, my children... make yourselves heard!"

"You damned blackheart!" Megara yells. "Because of you, I can't see my husband anymore! A thousand lifetimes of suffering awaits you!"

"We would have gone to the Ancestor's Realm if it weren't for you!" Astarte adds. "Now, our souls are stuck inside your disgusting, wretched, putrid little body!"

In addition to the four Titans, countless angels and demons begin screaming and yelling. They hound Satan mercilessly, mocking him with the rage of those who have departed with countless grievances.

"Emperor Satan, you tricked us! You said you nullified the blood contracts, but the damn things had a secret condition!"

"Heartless Devil! I can't believe our leader would be so shameless!"

As the demon voices add onto the Titans's, Satan's entire body trembles with rage.

"Filthy Titans! Stupid, shitty angels! Worthless demon grunts! You're all a bunch of loud, noisy bastards! You're under my control now! MINE!! So shut your fucking mouths, or I'll make you regret it!!"

"Hahaha!" Poseidon cackles. "You can do nothing to us, fool! We're here for good! We will always be here, ready to torment you! Suffer and writhe, you insipid cretin!"

Satan's teeth grind together with a fury he's never felt before in his entire life.

Nerissa's icicles draw within inches of his feet as the Emperor tries desperately to stay ahead of them.

"You think you can insult me and get away with it?! I'm Satan! I'm the mightiest of all demons! I don't take lip from nobody!"

Satan focuses his mind on Astarte's soul. She continues to laugh at him, only to stop abruptly. The others don't notice her silence.

A burning, festering pain wells up in Astarte's soul.

"Ahh... ahhh!! It hurts! It-"

Suddenly, a massive flood of energy surges through Satan's body. The fire blasting from his feet doubles in power mere seconds before Nerissa's icicles can cripple him. Satan blasts forward, shrieking in surprise as his speed increases by an order of magnitude.

"HOLY HELL!"

The Devil, mightiest of all demons, gasps as his mana reserves temporarily double for a full thirty seconds. He completely outpaces the pursuing ice shards, only for his mana to slowly return to normal as his reserves normalize.

"What happened?" Poseidon asks. "Did anyone see that?"

"W-where's Astarte?" Selene asks. The Titan female's voice shakes in fright. "A-Astarte? I can't hear her anymore."

Satan's expression transforms into a crazed grin.

"So THAT'S what happened!"

Pure ecstasy explodes across the Devil's face. His grin turns maniacal as the voices in his head fall silent.

"Not so talkative now, are you?! Astarte is gone! Dead! I erased her soul from existence! There isn't a trace left!"

Satan laughs. "Hahahaha!!! Did you notice? I ignited her power to boost mine! I shut her up and doubled my power, killing two birds with one stone!"

Poseidon speaks again, but this time, his voice trembles. "By the ancestors... thou art truly a servant of the darkness..."

Satan closes his eyes. He focuses on Selene. She cries out in pain, alarming Poseidon. "No, no! Blackheart! Don't do it!"

Selene whimpers as a sensation like lava presses against her soul. "Ahh! No! My soul-!"

Her voice vanishes. Once again, the fire igniting from Satan's feet doubles in size and gives him another insane speed boost, allowing him to pull even further ahead of the icicles.

Megara's voice trembles. "Selene?! Oh, ancestors... father... what do we do?"

Satan ignores the weakened voices inside of him. Already, the cacophony of enraged souls has vanished, as none wish to suffer his wrath. Instead, Satan backflips, spins around in midair, and aims his palms at the icicles flying at him.

"Da! Da! Da-da-da-dadada!!"

He launches fireballs like a machine-gun at the incoming ice attacks. Each one possesses startling firepower, allowing him to melt and shatter Nerissa's snowstorm effortlessly.

Nerissa blinks in surprise. She gazes into the sky in awe. "When did Satan's flame attacks become so strong?"

Satan quickly forms more magic signs. This time, instead of summoning water-tentacles, he alters Poseidon's octopus form into one that uses the power of fire. Eight flaming hands burst out of the Devil's back, giving him a horrifying, spiderlike appearance.

Poseidon gasps. "Gah! What is happening? How can Satan refine my ability into a fire-based technique? That shouldn't be possible!"

"Maybe not for you," Satan laughs, "but I am the mightiest Demon Emperor! I am a paragon of brilliance! Never underestimate me!"

Satan lunges toward Nerissa, half a mile below him. The succubus doesn't move, and instead begins summoning a wall of ice in front of and above herself. The curved wall forms a shield that offers 180 degrees of protection.

However, Satan's eyes flash, and he quickly ignites five more souls inside his body. Low-level demon grunts scream in pain and vanish from the millions of other souls, offering him only a moderate boost compared to the Titans from a minute before.

"If only I'd remembered earlier I could do this! The stronger the soul I burn, the more it boosts my power! Bahaha, sometimes my awful memory makes me laugh!"

As Satan hurtles toward the ground, his eight fiery limbs expand and grow to monstrous sizes. He smashes into Nerissa's ice barrier like a freight train tearing through a wall of cardboard boxes. Nerissa screams in fright, but an instant later, Satan slaps the ground, and powerful, rocky limbs shoot out to yank her down and pin her in place.

"Yes!" Satan yells. "I did it!"

Nerissa fights to break free, but Satan keeps his hand pressed against Heaven's Soil. The powerful magic flowing through his veins reinforces the earthen bonds holding Nerissa in place, preventing her from escaping.

Nerissa breathes a sigh of relief. "Yeah, you did it. But now what? I'm still under Valac's control!"

Satan nods. He summons a soul contract and hastily jots down a hundred words, all of which amount to giving him control of Nerissa's soul.

Satan thrusts the contract at his girl. "Here! This is a blood contract! If you sign this, Valac won't be able to control you anymore!"

Nerissa's eyes widen. "Really? Will that work?"

"Don't know, but I have to try!"

Satan grabs an icicle, lowers to Nerissa's side, and nicks her thumb. Fresh blood begins to flow, and he holds the contract beside her so she can sign it.

"Press your thumb here," Satan says. He points to a spot on the contract. "That will activate it."

Satan's earth magic continues to hold Nerissa against the ground, but he allows her enough slack to move her arm. However, after several seconds, nothing happens.

Nerissa shakes her head. "I can't move at all. Valac still has full control."

"Dammit! Fine, then I'll just..."

Satan presses the contract against her thumb. Her bloody thumbprint embeds on the paper, but to Satan's surprise, after five seconds, her blood vanishes. The papyrus scroll returns to its pristine state as if her blood had never stained it.

Satan scowls. "No, no, shit. Shit! Your soul is willing, but my contracts require consent from your mind and body. Since Valac controls your movements... my contract won't work!"

Nerissa sighs. She closes her eyes and takes a few moments to think. "It's settled then. Like I asked you before, Satan... I want you to kill me."

"Fucking hell, woman!" Satan yells. "Not this again!"

"Yes. _This_ again." 

Nerissa opens her eyes. Her blood-red irises fixate on Satan's, and for a moment, the rest of the surrounding war melts away.

"Satan. I love you, and that will never change. But... you have to let go. I can't stand to be one of Valac's pawns. Valac can only reanimate someone once. After that, their soul will crumble to ash. Once I die, my soul will disintegrate. I won't go to the Great Beyond."

Satan meets Nerissa's gaze. For once, he recognizes a deep, overwhelming sadness in her eyes. Total defeat pervades her spirit. She struggles to act strong for his sake, but inside, Nerissa has already given up all hope.

The Devil flicks his gaze to the left. Hades persists in battling Valac's five clones, but he appears much weaker than before. Valac continues to overwhelm him with sheer numbers, driving Hades to the edge of his strength, but still, the Archangel holds on.

"I can't just give up..." Satan growls.

Valac's voice whispers from the ground. "Kekeke, why not?"

Satan jerks in surprise and quickly jumps to the side. He stares wide-eyed as another of Valac's clones emerges from Heaven's surface, a glowing golden soul in his hand. 

"I've saved this soul for you, my former nemesis. If you defeat me in battle, I'll release the soul of your favorite demoness. It's a good deal, wouldn't you agree? Heaven will fall today, so I'll have a supply of lackeys."

"You're lying!" Nerissa yells. She glares daggers at Valac, trying to kill him with her gaze. "Don't trust him, Satan! Valac is a con artist! A sham! He's never stuck to his word in the past, and he won't start today!"

Satan hesitates.

Self-doubt enters the Devil's heart as he glances at his lover, bound behind him, and Valac, the one promising her freedom.

Poseidon chuckles. "Hehe, what's there to think about? Just go for it, Satan. I'm sure Valac will keep his word. If he doesn't, it's only one less bloodskin in the world."

Satan gnashes his teeth. "Say another word, and I'll _burn Megara's soul to ashes._"

Poseidon falls silent. He doesn't continue prodding the Devil.

Valac ignores Satan's self-rambling. "Come, now, Satan. I don't have all day. We could work out a deal, but I know your mind will not sway. This is my offer, the only one on the table. Agree to my fight, and your lover's life will once again become stable."

Hades cries out in pain as one of the Valac clones smashes him across the back and sends the Archangel tumbling to the side. Immediately, he jumps to his feet and resumes defending, but already, his willpower has reached its limits. His body isn't holding up to the continuous, torrential attacks of the Reaper.

Satan nods. A light ignites in his eyes as he comes to a decision.

"Fine. I'll-"

"No!" Nerissa yells. "Don't even think about it, you stupid ape! You big, dumb, hairy baboon! Here's a better idea! Crush my head and take my soul back! That will show Valac you mean business!"

Valac's cocky smile vanishes. "Tch. Your soul is under my control, foolish little girl! If Satan did such a thing, your soul would unfurl!"

Satan blinks twice. "Ah! Why didn't I think of that? If I take Nerissa's soul, you won't be able to control her anymore!"

"It won't work! It won't!" Valac yells. His demeanor transforms from arrogance to panic as he watches the gears turn in Satan's eyes. "I'll kill her now, with a snap of my fingers! Do you think you can outwit me?! Nobody can defeat the Reaper!"

Valac raises his hand. Nerissa's eyes widen as she comprehends the fate awaiting her. "S-Satan! Hurry! Before he-"

_Snap._

Satan's heart catches as Nerissa stops mid-sentence. Valac snaps his fingers, and all the life disappears from her body.

"Hehehe..." Valac chuckles.

"She's dead."

Satan jerks his head back to look at Nerissa. Her eyes roll toward the sky, and their vision comes to a rest upon nothing at all.

"Nerissa?! Nooo!!"

Anguish swallows Satan's heart. His body turns numb as countless emotions engulf him from head to toe.

"Ahhh!" Hades cries out in pain, as the Reaper punches him in the face and rears back his scythe to impale the Archangel of Change.

The world slows to a crawl around the Devil as everything falls to pieces around him. His victories, his failures, all of them fade into the background in the face of this single, unstoppable enemy, one who will do everything in his power to torment those who've opposed him.

_What do I do?_

_How do I save Nerissa?_

_Have I already failed?_

_Is there... any hope left?_

Valac swings his scythe toward Hades' chest.

_Shik!_

The weapon, forged from Valac's bones, pulses with energy as it absorbs the holy mana inside the angel's body. Valac cackles. "Hahaha! One Archangel soul down, and one to- hm? What's this?"

The Grim Reaper stares intently at his skewered prey. A moment later, he gasps.

"WHAT?! Hades' soul isn't here?! How is that possible?! Did he perish the moment before I struck?!"

Suddenly, a faint apparition catches Satan's eye. It hovers over Nerissa's body for a split second, then rushes at Satan's face.

"Ah!"

Satan yelps in surprise as a strange, almost uncomfortable feeling engulfs his mind.

Poseidon yells. "No! No! He's back! That damned Archan-"

Other souls cry out in alarm, but they all fall silent. Five seconds later, a familiar face materializes in Satan's mind's eye.

Hades.

"Well, _that_ battle ended differently from my expectations."

The Archangel grunts in annoyance.

"Hmph... to think, my brother's cherub body was too weak to handle my power. I had to abandon him before Valac struck the final blow. Oh, well, at least we've reunited. Eh, Satan?"

Satan stares blankly at Nerissa's body.

"Hades? You're alive?"

"Indeed."

The Archangel speaks only one word, then pauses for a breath's time.

"Oh, not just me. On my way over, I took a little detour. Woulds't thou like to hazard a guess as to whom I found?"

Satan's heart jumps.

"No way! It can't be! Did you... did you save-?!"

"Aye," Hades replies. His spiritual body grins like a madman. "I saved her soul an instant before Valac erased her. Sadly, I only managed to recover half. The rest seared to ash before I could intercept Valac's thoughts. Here, take a look."

Samael raises his hand. A faint, shimmering, pale red soul hovers in his grasp. It slowly molds into a shadow of Nerissa's body, but her eyes remain closed, unable to open.

Satan almost jumps for joy! "Nerissa! She's alive!"

Valac balls his hands into fists. "What?! Impossible! I felt her soul evaporate! Do not take me for a simpleton!"

Satan whirls to face the Reaper. As he does, eight invisible limbs materialize behind him, slowly transforming into Samael's signature technique.

"Hahaha! She's alive, and so is Hades, you bone-brained dirtbag! You've failed! Completely! Entirely!"

Valac's gaze flickers. His baffled expression fades away, and he gestures toward the five other clones.

One of them holds Raphael's limp, defeated body in its hands.

"Ehehe, I wouldn't call today a _total_ failure."

"NO!" Hades yells. "Satan! Don't let the Reaper devour Raphael's soul! If he gains the power of an Archangel, it will be the death of us all!"

Valac doesn't hear Hades' words, but he still grins at the shock on Satan's face.

"You cannot outrun Fate, my dear, Devil, brother."

Valac's soul scythe materializes in the clone's hands. In the blink of an eye, he plunges it into Raphael's gut.

_Shik!_

Hades howls in rage. "NOOOO!!! KILL VALAC! KILL HIM NOW!!"

Valac starts to cackle. "Ahahaha-!"

Suddenly, he stops.

Raphael's body explodes into a puff of smoke, leaving Valac grasping the air.

Valac stares at his hands for several long, painful seconds.

_"What."_

Hades echoes Valac.

"I... ah... Raphael's body was only an illusion? But... how?"

Slowly, Satan curls his lip into a huge grin.

"That sly spawn of a broodmother. Grandpa, you did it again."

The Devil grins at Valac. All of his worries melt away as he finally comprehends his new and improved battle situation.

"Heh. So, what was that about you and me, going mano-a-mano?"