Part 665: Nadia's Body-Brain Drain
Part 665: Nadia's Body-Brain Drain

_January 29th, 2021. Aevum._

Jason, Daisy, Marco, Sasha, and Nadia all appeared inside the center of Argent City, brought there by Jason's Wordsmithing. Upon their arrival, the four teenagers gasped with shock, then became more and more amazed by the sights they beheld.

It had only been a few more months inside Aevum since Jason brought his father there, but already he had developed the world further, and now it was really starting to come alive.

After Sir Marcus the Parakeet had gone back and told all the other animals about Aevum, they collectively decided to travel to Aevum and live there together. Now, all of Harold's animal friends, as well as Harold himself, had taken up residence inside Argent City. The teenagers were shocked to find that talking animals greeted them on arrival, while Harold himself had been granted a small house not too far from the city center, where he was also given a view of the city through a large window. He could peep out and watch the world change as he desired, and this brought the old man more interesting views than he had been accustomed to over the decades.

"Greetings, child of Jason." Sir Marcus said, perched atop Jason's shoulder. He bowed his head at Daisy. "I have long heard tale of your illustrious name. Miss Daisy is as beautiful as her father claimed! The rest of you must be the young lady's companions!"

"What a polite and well-spoken parrot!" Sasha said in amazement.

"Ah, I am a member of the Parrot branch, but I am specifically a parakeet, my dear." Marcus said demurely. He puffed his feathers up. "Please mind your words and be accurate when using terminology, lest others take offense."

Sasha blinked twice. "I... see. Sorry."

Jason took the teenagers up into the sky via his magical flying rowboat. Sometimes they marveled at the towering spires of energy, and other times at the hovering orbs and cubes and triangular machines in the skies above. The magical leylines had become less brilliant as they blended more tightly into Argent City's soil drew less prominent cries, but Daisy still paid attention to them and pondered on their significance.

Eventually, Jason brought the group over to the eastern side of the city, where he had built a heavily reinforced underground bunker out of pure Wordsmithium.

"So. It seems you three have obtained powers, but you don't know how they work. We're going to get to the bottom of this mystery today."

"But how?" Marco asked. "My power is dangerous... I don't want to hurt anyone."

Jason snorted. He gave Marco a sardonic smile. "Dangerous is exactly what we need right now. If you knew how much threat humanity was under, you wouldn't be so hesitant to master your powers. But don't worry, I get how you feel. I was a lot like you when I was a kid. I made a lot of mistakes as a result of not pushing my abilities to the max."

Marco glanced at Sasha. She sent a raised eyebrow back at him.

Jason barely looked twenty. Why was he talking like some old man? Sasha even thought he looked somewhat attractive, with a decently well-toned but rather scrawny body. If he worked out more, he could be a total hunk!

What was even more bizarre was the revelation that he was Daisy's father! How did that even work??

As Jason's magical boat landed on the brick steps outside the underground bunker, Jason turned to the others.

"Aevum is a special dimension. It is not located on Earth. It is located inside a folded space, far from the Sol system. Time flows differently here. One Earth day translates to one Aevum year. That means if you kids spend an entire year mastering your powers in here, by the time you leave, it will only be Saturday back in Russia. Therefore, since you've told your families you were going to leave for the weekend, I'll be having you spend two years mastering your powers and their nuances here. You'll be back home by Monday, Earth-time."

Sasha's eyes metaphorically popped out of her head. "Whoa-whoa-whoa!! Two years?? That's crazy! I can't afford to spend two years of my life on this! I... I have hobbies! Things I like to do! What about hanging with my friends, going to the mall, all that other stuff?!"

"You're with your friends now, aren't you?" Jason asked, a question mark seemingly popping up over his head. "And don't worry. I'll make all of you immortal, so you won't actually be losing years of your life or anything."

This time, it was Marco who became shocked. "Did you just say IMMORTAL?! How the hell- who even are you?!"

"I'm Jason Hiro." Jason replied calmly. "Daisy's father. Also known as... the Archseer!"

Daisy looked at her dad in confusion.

_The Archseer? But wasn't his title the Wordsmith?_

Jason winked at his daughter. She tactfully decided not to question his motivations right now.

"I possess all sort of incredible powers." Jason said casually. "You'll find out about them as you live here. Just treat this like a time-accelerated vacation where you get to live without growing up for a year or two. It's going to be a lot of fun, kids."

They all entered the bunker and took the elevator downward, where they arrived inside a training facility.

There, the teens found a well-equipped bunker with food dispensers that could last for decades, training dummies made of many different materials, animals in cages meant for testing powers, and even a whole host of firearms along with a shooting range. Just in case.

"I built this just for you guys, based on what I could glean from what you showed and told Daisy about." Jason explained. "I intend to get to the bottom of each one of your abilities before I send you three home."

"You were spying on us?" Nadia asked, looking at Jason suspiciously.

"Yup." Jason said, shooting her a grin. "I spy on lots of different people, all the time. Since you guys hang out with my daughter, I have to be extra careful."

Daisy gave her father a strange look, but she ultimately said nothing. She felt a little uncomfortable by his revelation, but also a little warm and fuzzy inside. It was good to know her father cared so much, but the privacy boundaries he was pushing had to be discussed later when they had some time alone together.

"Nadia. Let's start with you." Jason said. "You seem to possess some sort of brain-enhancing power that comes at the cost of your body's integrity. Specifically... your bones?"

"It's usually my bones." Nadia said with a small nod. "When I use my power... I can understand things very easily. But not long after, there's a terrible spike of pain, and I feel dizzy, and that's about when my body weakens..."

"Alright. Can you show me?" Jason asked. "Don't worry. Daisy and I can both heal any injuries your body suffers."

Nadia looked hesitant, but she eventually nodded. "I've been using my ability a lot over the years. If you've already restored my bones back to their peak, then I can use my power a lot before I become as weakened as I was previously."

Her eyes momentarily flashed with blue light. She glanced around the room, then she stopped to think.

"The alloy comprising this room's walls is not what it first appears to be. It is not steel, titanium, or comprised of any other known metal. It appears to be an enhanced alloy far stronger than anything currently obtainable on Earth."

She walked over to the wall, picked up a metal pipe on the ground, and swung it at the wall with a good deal of her strength. The wall did not make a loud, metallic clanging noise when the pipe struck, but instead was eerily quiet, as if it was made of rubber. Nadia set the pipe down.

"This alloy defies the known laws of physics. If I had to hazard a guess, I would assume you used your magic to heavily reinforce it beyond the limits of what mundane technology can create. I'm willing to wager that even a diamond-tipped drill would not be able to bore a small hole into this alloy."

Jason raised his eyebrows. "That was an excellent bit of deductive reasoning."

"I can do a lot more than that." Nadia said. "I usually limited myself to lightly cheating on homework, but I found my power can accomplish other things as well."

With that, Nadia looked around the room. She walked over to a training dummy, then suddenly scared the daylights out of Daisy and the others when she began executing a punching routine on the dummy that was anything but amateur!

_Thunk-thunk, crack, thunk-thump-THUMP!_

Nadia drove her fists into the dummy's center, spun agilely on her heel to hit the dummy's 'ribs' with her leg, and even snapped a kick all the way up at its head!

In a single barrage, she struck the dummy twelve times, making Daisy's jaw drop.

"You... how are you able to fight so well??" Daisy asked in bewilderment.

"Her power is 'comprehension.'" Jason said, his tone one of astonishment. "She doesn't just learn about things, she comprehends them. If I read a book about bird species, I might learn a bit about their feather colors and some other stuff, but Nadia would fully comprehend the information and become a master of its contents."

Jason raised a finger. "Nadia, did you watch a martial arts competition and learn from it using your powers?"

"Just some old Kung Fu movies." Nadia said. "My comprehension is good, but my body is weak. I just wanted to see if I could learn a little self-defense, but when I learned about the condition of my body, I gave all that up. Now I'm starting to think I might be able to learn how to fight again."

Jason smiled. He grabbed a bo staff off a nearby display and tossed it to her. "Ever used one of these before?"

Nadia shook her head. She gripped the staff by its center, but Jason could tell with a single glance that she was a complete amateur.

"Perfect. This will give us a barometer for your future potential."

Jason summoned his own bo staff into his hands.

"I want you to learn from me. Watch my movements carefully."

He then began revolving his weapon around his body at extremely fast speeds. The staff spun and twisted like a hurricane of wood, revolving from his right side to his left with practiced ease. Nadia's eyes glowed as she watched, and after thirty seconds, Jason stopped.

"Okay. Your turn." Jason said.

Nadia nodded. Daisy, Marco, and Sasha all gasped in excitement when the visibly clumsy Nadia from less than a minute before vanished, and in her place a seasoned bo-staff expert appeared. Nadia spun the staff around her body with nearly the same ease as Jason, though it was clear that her smaller size and weaker muscles had not practiced at all, and she was still not at his level.

Then, Nadia suddenly screamed in pain. The staff flew from her hands and clattered to the floor as she fell to the ground, grabbing her ribs and crying out.

"Aaah!!"

Daisy's heart jumped. She ran over to Nadia and realized she had fractured a rib during her staff theatrics. Watching Jason intensely practice for thirty seconds had apparently weakened her bones to such a level that she was able to badly injure herself.

Daisy summoned healing magic and repaired Nadia's bones, but she realized that she was not able to fully heal her, or strengthen her 'frame' in any noticeable way. For some reason, her healing powers were less effective than the last time she used them on Nadia.

"Your power is amazing. It's incredible." Jason said, lightly touching Nadia's shoulder as he knelt beside her. "I can heal the injuries your power caused, but fundamentally, the drawback of your power needs to be fully countered. The reason you have to deal with such vicious drawbacks is because your power is absurdly strong."

"It is?" Nadia asked, looking at Jason doubtfully. The pain in her ribs made breathing difficult, but she still chose to listen to his words carefully.

"Absolutely I know of a... _person_. His name is Zamiel-"

"That's a really strange name." Nadia immediately interjected.

"-and Zamiel has the ability to immediately comprehend how to use any weapon he touches. I thought this power was good, but yours blows it way out of the water! You seem to be able to comprehend _anything_ you put your mind on. The problem is, it puts a huge strain on your brain, which in turn draws the vitality it needs from your bones and marrow."

Nadia's gaze darkened. "It does sound incredible when you describe my power that way... but the price..."

"Is nothing to worry about at all!" Jason chirped excitedly. He beamed a huge smile at the teenager, then he waved his hand, causing a wristband to materialize in his grasp. It had a set of obnoxiously large and colorful jewels embedded into the band with one-centimeter gaps between them. They seemed to represent different colors of the rainbow, and there were seven of them in total.

"What is that?" Nadia asked, eyeing the band with interest.

"A little stopgap solution I whipped up." Jason explained casually. This is a rechargeable Vitality Band. While you are in Aevum, as long as you wear this band, you should be able to use your powers just about as often as you need. It will passively heal your bones and regenerate your vitality by absorbing the rich ambient mana and life energy present in Aevum. Once you leave Aevum and return to Earth... it will _still_ work, but the recharging time will be much longer and you'll only be able to use your abilities a few times a day, injuring yourself if the band runs out of power when you activate your magic."

Jason magically teleported the band onto Nadia's wrist without speaking a Word of Power, making Daisy narrow her eyes with suspicion. She suddenly realized he hadn't uttered a single Word of Power since she arrived, and he had made that band seemingly on the spot. How did he do it? Had he found a way to evolve his abilities?

After the band clamped onto Nadia's wrist, her body abruptly filled with vigor. She took a deep breath, and her rib stopped hurting. After a moment or two, she stood up and looked at her palms in shock. She didn't just feel normal, she felt positively energized! It seemed as if she could study night and day for the next several weeks without needing any sleep!

"Like I mentioned," Jason said, noticing the look of excitement on Nadia's face, "this is only a stopgap solution. I'll engineer a better one before you leave Aevum. We have two years, after all, and I can get a lot accomplished in that time. Before you leave here, I want to make sure you can freely use your power as often as you wish."

Nadia smiled gratefully. "Thank you, Jason. Daisy said you were an amazing man... I see now that her praise didn't go far enough."

Jason returned the smile, but after a moment, that smile disappeared.

"You might think I'm great, but I often remember my past failings. I've screwed up a lot to reach the mental state I'm at now. Let's hope the rest of you don't have to suffer the same pain I have."

Jason glanced at his daughter.

"Your friends are powerful, Daisy. Much more powerful than the Lowborn I've seen before. I'm starting to wonder if they aren't just Lowborn at this point, but a new breed of Trueborn Heroes."

Daisy blinked. "Huh? Lowborn? Trueborn? Dad, what are you talking about?"

Jason blinked back. "What do YOU mean, 'what do I mean'? I told you about Lowborn and Trueborn, didn't I? About the Human Flaw?"

Daisy and Jason stared at each other with stupid expressions for three long seconds.

"Dad... you never said anything of the sort." Daisy complained. "What 'Flaw'? What's this about?"

Jason suddenly remembered... he hadn't discovered the Flaw until well after Daisy's supposed death. He hadn't learned about Trueborn and Lowborn until well after she'd time-traveled either. And when he first spoke to her in Idaho, he didn't think to mention them because he assumed she would have known already!

"Wow, sorry honey." Jason said, scratching his head awkwardly. "Well, since I have you all here, I might as well explain the Flaw."

And so he did.

"It all started tens of thousands of years ago, when the angels first created humanity-" Jason started to say.

"Angels??" Sasha asked. "Whoa whoa, I didn't take you for the religious type. Are you about to start quoting scripture at us?"

"No..." Jason said slowly. "I'm not talking about ancient myths. Angels are real. And I guess that means if you don't know about them, you don't know about demons either-"

"Demons and angels are REAL?!" Marco shrieked in horror. "No way! No goddamn way!"

Jason sighed. This was going to be a longer conversation that he anticipated.

...

Six full hours later, after giving everyone, including his daughter, the abridged story of humanity, the war against the demons and angels, and even the future threat of the Volgrim, Jason started to feel quite tired.

"Your father is from the future... and so are you. Holy hell, Daisy." Sasha said, gaping at her 'best friend' in disbelief. She truly knew nothing about who Daisy really was!

"I barely remember the time I came from." Daisy said sullenly. "I remember my mom's face. I remember my Uncle Kar. Aunt Samantha. Other bits and pieces. But the big picture is a blur."

"Let's get back to where we were before." Jason said, after finally remembering what the original discussion was. "The fact that all your closest friends have become Heroes means that their Flaws have been healed. You may have passively empowered them by being in their vicinity all these years."

Daisy nodded slowly. "That... kinda makes sense."

"It's a normal phenomenon." Jason explained. "Apparently, whenever Heroes have existed in the past, certain people close to them have somewhat healed their Flaws. Though, that begs the question of whether your uncle and other Russian relatives have also secretly obtained powers. We'll need to check to see if they have."

Daisy frowned. It seemed very unlikely her Uncle Vasily had obtained powers, but what about her little sister Anya? Had she, perhaps?

"Daisy, you've been teleporting all over the Earth for years, right?" Jason asked.

Daisy nodded. "Yes. Why do you ask?"

"Because my dad, your grandfather, he told me that recently, after all his rewinding escapades, humans with powers suddenly started appearing en-masse. It's likely this was your doing. You may not only be repairing the Human Flaw, but empowering people beyond their ordinary limits. That's why I'm saying each of your friends has the power of a Trueborn. It's unprecedented!"

"Not to be rude," Daisy said, "and not to diminish the awesomeness of their powers, but each of them only seems to have one power, whereas you and I have multiple. Doesn't that make them... lesser Heroes? Lowborn, or whatever?"

"By no means." Jason said with a smile. "It's like Bruce Lee said. Don't fear the man who has practiced 1000 kicks one time each, but the man who has practiced one kick 1000 times. Your friends are Specialists, while you and I are generalists. Specialists may only have one or two powers, but their powers are usually much stronger than the abilities of Generalists with similar powers. Take Nadia, for example. Her power is similar to Zamiel's, yet far broader and more potent."

"Hey." Nadia said suddenly. "Zamiel really _is_ a weird name. Is he an angel? Or maybe a demon?"

"Demon." Jason replied. "And a real trashbag of one, too. I hope you never run into him."

Jason returned to the previous topic at hand. "If you're only healing the Flaw, then that's one thing. But if you're also somehow supercharging the spirituality of some people, that's a whole different ballgame. Even I never figured out how to do that. I probably will someday, but it's still amazing you might possess the ability innately!"

Sasha looked skeptical. "Nadia's power is awesome and all, but mine seems pretty weak. Marco thinks his isn't any good either. Don't you think you're jumping the gun a little bit, Mister Hiro?"

Jason waggled a finger at Sasha before turning to smile at her. "We have not gotten to yours and Marco's yet. Let's not jump to conclusions, alright? I have a feeling that neither of you have even scratched the surface of what is possible."

Jason straightened his posture and crossed his arms.

"You will have two years inside Aevum to master your abilities. By the time you leave here, you should have grown to at least understand some of the finer nuances of what you can do, even if you haven't become elite warriors or anything crazy like that. Along the way, I'm going to be bringing other Lowborn into Aevum, and I plan to come up with a solution to secretly purify the Flaw across all of humanity at once. That's when things are going to speed up dramatically in the future wars humanity will fight."

"Are wars... really necessary?" Marco asked with great hesitation.

"War is inevitable." Jason answered solemnly. "It cannot be stopped. Not even by me."