Part 636: MindCores
Part 636: MindCores

January 21st, 2021. 8AM, Location Unknown.

In a spatial tear somewhere within Earth's vicinity, a small room filled with computer monitors sat, disconnected from the outside universe. In here, a pair of spiritual life forms stood, male and female, their identities being Jepthath and Mildred. Also inside this computer room, two more physical-bodied men stood. One of them was Cat Mask. The other was...

"Hahaha! Now that was a good fight!" Jason boasted, puffing out his chest in a manner most audacious. "Great work coordinating the teleport network, Mildred! You really saved my dad's ass multiple times! Not me though. I was totally fine!!"

Hideki Hiro looked at his son with only the faintest expression of bemusement. "Jason, this whole persona thing you've made is getting to be a bit... grating. Can you fix yourself now?"

"What do you mean?" Jason asked, visibly aggrieved. "I like the way I feel! I feel awesome! I'm confident, ready to kick some ass, and best of all, I barely even notice all those old depressing thoughts about my dead wife. I want to feel like this all the time!"

Mildred gently shook her head. "No, you do not, dear boy. You have done nothing more than deliberately delude yourself. It is not healthy for you to remain in such a state of mind."

Jason frowned. "But now I get to act like the Hero I'm supposed to be. You should have seen those demons! I scared them shitless!"

"That was me." Hideki said blandly. "They were scared of me. Come on, son. Just drop the act now. It's exhausting listening to you ramble like that."

Jason swiveled his head to look at his father, Mildred, and finally Jepthath.

"What about you, great 'Illuminator'? You think I'm totally badass, right?!"

"You are annoying me. All of us." Jepthath stated flatly.

"Oh. Well. Alright then." Jason said, finally sensing that his 'awesomeness' wasn't having the effect he intended.

The 'Archseer' sighed. He pouted for a minute, then begrudgingly uttered a Word of Power.

"**...Normalize.**"

Instantly, his expression changed. His posture loosened, and he stopped puffing out his chest. He seemed to sag down, shrinking two inches, and becoming a lot more ordinary-feeling than before.

"So I'm back to myself." Jason said dryly. "Mildred. Jepthath. Thanks for reminding me to snap out of it."

"Anytime, dear boy." Mildred said politely. "Project Great Deceiver appears to have been a huge success. The demons have obtained false intelligence about your abilities. They now believe you to possess completely incorrect abilities... but you must be careful. Ose is extremely intelligent, and she already guessed that some of the intelligence she stole was falsified. She has erroneously begun to believe this was my doing, so at least she doesn't suspect you as being the true mastermind."

Jason frowned. "Did Spynet 2.0 record her movements after she departed?"

"It did." Mildred assured him. "I have not only reviewed all the footage, but I've cut things down to the most relevant parts. Take a look."

Jason nodded. He summoned a couple of chairs for himself and his father, but Cat Mask waved his hand. "I already saw the files. Just watch them yourself. I'm going to go take a nap. Wake me up once the briefing is over."

"Alright. Thanks, dad." Jason said, watching for a moment as his father strode out the room into a prepared side-chamber.

Their current location was a secret dimension not dissimilar to Chrona in the future. However, unlike Chrona, this secret realm was not nearly as large, and it was only a temporary shelter. It moved at a mere ten times the outside universe's speed so it would remain effortlessly stable. Jason did not want his future secret base located in the same orbit as Earth, especially as Heaven was already located here and it was possible the Demons and Volgrim might detect it.

In the near future, Jason would make a new secret realm elsewhere in the Milky Way, somewhere nobody would be able to find it. But that would come a little later.

For now, he sat down at the new Spynet, and proceeded to review the video files Mildred had collected. Unfortunately, Ose might not be a telepath, but her higher cognitive functions were essentially hidden behind a cryptographic barrier. Jason could not peer into her thoughts; only listen to her words and extrapolate based on her body movements.

He watched as she returned to the scene of the battle in her Astral Body. Unbeknownst to Ose, Jason had anticipated she would do just this, and had planned a performance to deceive her, thinking he was enraged that the 'secret files' about his 'Dream Eating' powers were stolen.

Naturally, all of that information was false, but the great trick was that it was false in just the right way that he could hide his true abilities of Wordsmithing.

Jason observed as Ose returned to the other demons. Ose explained to the others her misgivings, and this caused Jason's frown to deepen.

"She's sharp." Jason muttered. "She's already figured out that my powers aren't entirely what they seem. Given time, she might figure out the rest, but for now, she'll deliver falsified intelligence to Satan. That's exactly what we want."

"She also came to believe that your daughter didn't exist." Jepthath pointed out. "Cat Mask's 'teleportation powers' successfully tricked her into thinking Daisy and him were the same person."

"It'll buy us some time." Jason said. "As long as I can convince Daisy to be more careful with her teleportation, it will take the demons a lot longer to uncover her true identity. By then, we should have established more robust countermeasures."

Mildred watched the video along with Jason. She frowned several times.

"This Ose is truly frightening. She is fast in every way. Her reaction speeds and agility are nothing compared to her cerebral computational speeds. Personally, dear boy, I am not that quick-witted of a thinker. I am considered a Qualitative Thinker. In terms of raw mental computational speed, Ose exceeds my capabilities. Do not underestimate her."

Jason licked his lips. "I thought I overestimated her, but I was wrong. Ose was too fast. I had to use the fallback plan instead of actually killing her and Gressil. I didn't think killing a mere Baron would be so difficult, but it turned out Ose was only slightly less scary than the future version I fought."

Jason lowered his eyes to stare at the ground.

"I killed Ose in the future. At the time, it seemed effortless, but I had a lot of things going my way. I caught her off-guard, and she thought Bael's body was invincible; a falsehood I managed to exploit with my Pseudo Excalibur. I cut through her faster than she could react. If she had known my blade was capable of harming her, let alone killing her, she would have prepared counter-measures. I probably would have failed my assassination attempt. The Ose of this era is under no illusion that a threat like me can't kill her, so she will always fight more defensively than we expect."

Jason carefully analyzed the battle, even going so far as to replay the recorded video feed from multiple different angles.

"My Archseer persona fought too stupidly. He didn't use his brains at all." Jason said, treating his alternate self as if they were a completely different person. "That's good if the goal is to deceive the demons into thinking I'm a musclebrained moron, but if we actually want to kill any Demon Emperors, my other self will end up getting me killed instead."

"This was only a trial run." Mildred clarified. "Project Great Deceiver succeeded in the ways that mattered. Killing Ose and Gressil would have been excellent secondary goals, but right now, we need to capitalize on our information advantage. The demons will see the Archseer as less of a threat and focus more on your father. We should make sure Hideki shows up in public and draws as much attention as possible so that you have time to start amassing your arsenal of contingencies."

Jason leaned back in the chair. He sighed as he looked up at the ceiling.

"Alright. I think the first thing we need to do is get to work building my cerebral supercomputer."

Mildred curled up her lips in disgust. "Dear boy, are you really going to keep calling it that? Let's call it something more elegant, something that isn't such a mouthful. How about... _MindCore_?"

Jason narrowed his eyes at the ceiling. "That... hardly seems the most important thing to worry about right now."

"Oh, but it is!" Mildred protested. "Words have power! You should know that much. And 'Cerebral Supercomputer' hardly rolls off the tongue. Therefore, from now on, we shall refer to it as your MindCore!"

Jason blinked slowly. "Alright. Sure. Whatever. MindCore it is. Let's just move on to what I mentioned before."

"Alright." Mildred said. "While you built this time-enhanced realm, I spent some of my energy on coming up with a few different designs for your MindCore. Would you like to peruse them?"

Jason raised an eyebrow as he turned his head to look at her.

"Huh? Designs? What do you mean? Just help me recreate the MindCore I had in the future."

Mildred scoffed. "Brat! You won't let me access your future memories! How can this beautiful bombshell remake something you won't let her see? Besides, you speak as if there is only one way to optimize such a fantastical concept as a MindCore. There are far more ways than one!"

Jason sat up in the chair. He looked at Mildred with eyes full of intrigue.

"Really? What do you mean?"

Mildred didn't respond with words. Instead, she walked over to the Spynet console and changed several screens to show different types of server designs, placements, and positions, some of which looked human, others demonic, angelic, and even outright alien.

"Listen here, dear boy... the computer you described to me was one designed around prediction. It allowed you to predict things based on contextual clues, including analyzing how other people moved, twitched, where they looked, the words they used when responding, and so on. It seems to have been made to enhance your powers of prediction to the utmost limit. Not a bad way to build such a device, but terribly limited in other areas."

Mildred changed the projection. She revealed a much more evil and sinister design, one Jason immediately felt revulsion toward. It was dripping with demonic imagery, pentagrams, and other details that made his skin crawl.

"What the hell is this?" Jason asked.

Mildred shrugged in a funny way. "_Hell_ is a good term. This is the HellProphet redesign of your former MindCore. You see, Jason, you limited yourself when you designed your first MindCore around elevating the predictive abilities of your 'Smithy' demonic persona, yet did not take demonic design applications into account. If you had done so, you could have doubled; no, even tripled the qualitative predictive ability of that MindCore."

Jason looked disgusted. "This is repulsive! Why would I install something demonic in my brain? Whose side are you on, Mildred??"

Jepthath nodded. "I agree. This is an abomination against all of creation!"

Mildred _tut-tutted_ at the two men. "It is a wonderful combination of magical and physical technology! Don't let your hatred of demonkind blind you to superior design solutions, dear boys! Look here."

Mildred zoomed in on the server composition of the HellProphet MindCore.

"Your approach was entirely too conventional, dear boy. Half-hearted at best. What I'm proposing is a complete redesign using demonic principles. Infernal probability matrices housed within soulbound algorithms, core processors forged from abyssal metals. Your human design merely scratched the surface. A proper HellProphet would use pentagrammic neural pathways with bloodstone computational nodes to siphon temporal insights. Far more powerful, though not without certain... costs."

"Costs." Jason said blandly. "What, like Satan obtaining my soul when I fall asleep? Hard pass."

"Nothing as severe as that." Mildred chuckled. "I was more referring to a constant, dull headache even your Wordsmithing wouldn't be able to get rid of. But the benefits would be immense! Your powers of prediction would skyrocket!"

"I'm not shoving demonic shit into my skull. End of story." Jason replied, visibly unimpressed. "Especially not if it gives me a constant headache. I have enough of that as-is."

Mildred looked at him for a moment, then shook her head. "Oh, fine then! Let's move on. I do have several other suggestions, and time's a-wasting!"

She summoned another projection of a completely different MindCore. "This one should look much more pleasant to you."

Jason blinked. The second MindCore was very obviously angelic in design. It was colored white and gold, and there were winged patterns and designs on the various server cores. It all felt a bit gaudy and overdesigned, but at least it didn't appear outright evil like the HellProphet did.

"This is the OmniRecord." Mildred explained. "It was the easiest MindCore to design, because it's basically just Solomon's Crown. If you want to perfectly mimic the functionality of his Crown without having to rely on that old trickster, this is a fine alternative."

Jason nodded in realization. "So this will give me a perfect memory, infinite data storage, rapid learning capabilities, all that other jazz?"

"Precisely." Mildred affirmed. "The angelic designs are not merely aesthetic in nature. I built it with celestial datacores that never degrade and memory crystals synchronized in perfect harmony. This may surprise you, but this is effectively how Solomon's Crown looks at the deepest level. It is a nearly perfect mimicry of what Archangel Camael created."

Jason's eyes metaphorically flashed with insight. "Doesn't this mean I could just create a new Crown of my own? If this is a mimicry of it, then I don't even need to build a MindCore at all! I can just make an artifact."

"That won't work." Mildred said, crossing her arms dismissively. "These are MindCores... _not_ artifacts. Artifacts are much smaller and more compact. I am... not capable of creating such wonders. I don't even know how Camael makes them, but perhaps you might be able to pick her brain and find out for yourself, if you're so interested. However, if you could find another person with a Mind Realm as expansive as yours, you could take the time to build them one of my suggested MindCores. Then you'd have two MindCore powerhouses."

Jason thought about this for a moment.

"Are you implying not just anyone has a Mind Realm 'big enough' to fit a MindCore?"

"You are a very unique individual." Mildred clarified. "Your powers are all based on imagination and comprehension. You might be a bit of a dullard, but your Mind Realm is far more expansive than most. Your father already effectively has a MindCore, via the melted-down Solomon's Crown implanted in him during his jaunts into future timelines. He is unable to accommodate much more within his Mind Realm. Your daughter Daisy _might_ have room for a MindCore, but the vast majority of ordinary humans would not. Only truly intelligent individuals, or those gifted in spiritual power may have such capacity available. I would have to determine the circumstances on a case-by-case basis, and it would take time to construct MindCores for each individual. Time we do not necessarily have, dear boy."

Mildred proceeded to reveal another MindCore design while Jason pondered her words.

"This one may be to your liking more than any others before and after. I have based this MindCore on my own powers. This is the GenesisFrame. It is a human-based design using principles you should be familiar with. It is highly focused on innovation, invention, and creativity. If you want to become a master of the new and exotic, no other MindCore I've come up with will surpass this one."

Jason immediately became intrigued. While the GenesisFrame lacked the predictive abilities he had used to don the identity of Smithy, it had new and unique concepts that greatly excited him.

"The GenesisFrame is not designed to be fast or efficient. It will not be useful in a battle involving speed, but it will be fantastic in applications of long-term strategic and macro-focused warfare. If you want to invent new technologies, come up with new ways to use your existing powers, and otherwise become a terrifying and self-sufficient Heroic powerhouse, I don't think you can go wrong with this MindCore."

Jason rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "It feels like this would make me a lot more like my wife from the future. She was always so creative, so inventive. She left me in the dust."

"That is possible, dear boy." Mildred said, puffing her chest out. "Your wife sounds like she was a real firecracker! Ah-ha-ha-ha!"

Jason's smile faded away. He nodded. "Yeah. She was."

A moment of silence followed. Mildred cleared her throat.

"Moving on. There's also this MindCore, which I have dubbed the QuantumReflex. This is based on monstrous biology, and focuses on instincts, particularly in combat. I designed this after seeing your pathetic battle against Ose. This will grant you thinking speeds far beyond the norm. Even Solomon would not be able to match your raw computational speed. You would be able to out-think all but the most fearsome Brain Enhancers, giving you the ability to think and react to any threat with a casual amount of effort. It would be as if you installed a Super Chrona inside your brain, functioning passively at all times."

Mildred smiled. "And there's a bonus! You would never need to sleep again! You would be active at all times, indefatigable, unrelenting. While it wouldn't necessarily do much for your creativity, you would be as smart, predictive, and creative as you are now, but a thousand times more efficient at what you already do. This is a solid all-around solution that would enhance you in all the important ways."

Jason nodded, but then he frowned. "I get it. But... this doesn't really solve any problems I need solving. It's just 'more of me' and I want to be _better_ than I am now. Having the instincts of a combat god like Ose is exciting in a primal way, but humanity won't win the Energy Wars by me just being a faster version of myself. Do you have anything else?"

"One last MindCore option comes to mind." Mildred said with a nod. "I based it on the Titans. It is known as RealitySim, and it's exactly what you would expect."

She continued. "World-bearing computation arrays capable of modeling entire universes. Reality-modeling monoliths based on the vastness of Titan minds, containing echoes of worlds that once existed. You could simulate countless asynchronous scenarios with perfect fidelity to natural laws—or manipulate those laws if you wished."

"That sounds like some sort of Universim game or something." Jason commented.

"This is best thought of as a sidegrade or an alternate form of your original MindCore. It's designed to allow you to simulate countless scenarios based on known information. For example, did you find your battle against Ose frustrating? You could upload all known information about Ose, then simulate battles against her until you became an expert in combating her, before finally imprinting that knowledge into your bones. When next you fought, you would completely overwhelm her!"

Jason's eyes flashed. This was an extremely practical MindCore, one he could easily make great use of. It gave him all sorts of new capabilities, and it could even be used for conceptually inventing artifacts, testing them in an alternate 'universe', then finalizing those designs before crafting them back in reality.

He could even simulate great individuals like Solomon, Mildred, and other such Sentients, all for the sake of figuring out what they would do or create in a given situation.

"The RealitySim is really, really appealing to me." Jason concluded. "There's just one problem."

Mildred blinked. "And that would be?"

"It's based on Titans." Jason said, lowering his eyes.

He fell silent. Then he began to think.

Minutes passed.

Jason contemplated all the different options.

_HellProphet. It's an improved version of my original MindCore, but the headache downside, and the fact it's based on demon technology makes it a no-go. Knowing my original version was so flawed makes me want to abandon the entire 'prediction' angle anyway._

_OmniRecord. It's basically just Solomon's Crown. Can't go wrong with that. The old man already showed me the value of his crown countless times. Ah, but I don't have his Heroic powers. I can't copy anyone's memories just by touching them, and I also don't have the full backlog of information Solomon had stored after countless years of coming into contact with high-ranking humans, demons, and angels. I would be starting out fresh. This option is a lot less valuable as a result._

_QuantumReflex. I could make good use of speed. Time is my greatest enemy. Simply doing what I already do, but faster, would give humanity and myself both an immense time boost to catch up. Being able to out-think enemies like Ose would also be great. But it doesn't really make me any smarter. That reduces its value a lot._

_RealitySim. This one is truly amazing. It solves all my problems and gives me new and powerful ways to approach future issues. Unfortunately, it's a Titan design, which almost feels like a betrayal of the human species. For that reason..._

Jason nodded slowly.

"I'm going to have to go with the GenesisFrame. I like that it's human in origin. I don't want to rely on a design that's demonic, angelic, monstrous, or Titan-based. Humans are good enough to defeat the other species. If I were to fall back to some other species' design, would that not already be tantamount to admitting my own species isn't versatile enough to win this war?"

"I agree!" Jepthath exclaimed, smiling proudly. "What a good decision, Wordsmith! Don't rely on the wicked weapons of the enemy, but the tools of your people. Humans are creative. Inventive! We need only rely on our own brains to ascend to the apex ranks of cosmic power!"

Mildred didn't look totally convinced. "You seemed quite charmed by the RealitySim option."

"Only for a moment." Jason said, before quickly explaining his reasoning. "Let's just go with the GenesisFrame. Unless you have misgivings about it?"

Mildred smiled. "Of course not. It's based on this bedeviled temptress's abilities, after all! Ha-ha-ha-ha! How can you go wrong with using tried and true methods like the ones I have displayed?! Even better, you obtaining something similar to my cerebral powers will allow me to slack off a bit. I won't have to do all the creative thinking for you. Better to be self-sufficient, dear boy!"

Jason sighed with relief.

"I agree. Mildred, start drawing up detailed plans. I want to get this GenesisFrame up and running as soon as possible!"

Mildred gave him a big thumbs-up. "At once!"

She trotted over to the computers, then started rapidly typing, drawing, and sketching out plans for the GenesisFrame. As she did, Jason leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes, relaxing for a while.

"Heh, imagine giving up on my beauty sleep." Jason muttered to himself. "That alone disqualified the QuantumReflex from contention."