Part 621: Cat Mask's Madness
Part 621: Cat Mask's Madness

January 15th, 2021. 7AM. Boise National Forest, Idaho.

As he left the log cabin, Hideki donned his mask once more. He never quite felt comfortable stepping out into the world anymore without assuming the identity of Cat Mask. To those unaware, his actions might seem silly, but countless eons of learning how the minds of his fellow humans, demons, and Volgrim worked had left Cat Mask with one primary belief.

Reputation was power.

A mask was power.

People who saw his face would reflexively lower their guards. He had a kindly appearance, and did not resemble a hardened monster who had killed billions, even trillions of Sentients across the span of his life. His skin was still soft, and his facial hair never quite fully developed into something a grizzled mountain-man should look like.

But the mask he wore was different. He had many masks, not just the one. Each had a different appearance. Some were spooky and weird, some were friendly and kind. Still others were menacing, carrying an entire aura of invincibility all on their own.

As he left the cabin, he put on his 'standard' mask, one that looked like a generic nekomimi spirit that anyone could purchase from a Japanese marketplace. When he was a boy, shortly after his father had passed away, his mother bought him this very mask as a memento to her late husband. While Hideki had long forgotten the majority of 'who' his mother was, he still treasured this mask in particular. It came from a simpler time, an era when he had no grand ambitions, no knowledge of any future wars, and no understandings of the evils in the universe.

But time changed a man. Eternity made him unrecognizable.

Cat Mask had long seen through the whims and wills of other people. He knew how they thought, even if he couldn't read minds. He could understand their intentions by reading the most subtle of facial cues, or the direction they pointed their feet when they spoke, or even by the way they walked.

Everyone wore a mask. He was far from alone in this regard.

Some people wore emotional masks. They put on a strong face while their heart crumbled to pieces. A recent death in the family. A romantic rejection. An unmet desire.

Other people wore intellectual masks. They pretended to be smarter in order to obtain grants and favors. They pretended to be stupid so they could blend in with the lower castes of society. Sometimes, they even acted more or less intelligently just to get a rise out of people. And some believed they were intelligent when they were actually the dumbest people in the room.

Hideki was no different. He simply wore the mask physically on his face. He adopted whatever persona would get him the optimal benefits at any given moment in time.

Jason wanted a loving father. Hideki could no longer provide that for him. After so many eons growing, changing, evolving as a Sentient, Hideki... didn't feel attachment anymore.

And why would he?

He'd watched Jason grow up thousands of times. He'd tried to train the boy more times than he even cared to remember. He saw his son brutally murdered time and time again. Sometimes by demons, sometimes by Volgrim, sometimes even by his fellow humans.

Sometimes, when Cat Mask tried to line things up so Jason would enter the Cryopod, he pushed Jason too far. The young man killed himself out of grief and depression.

_Oh well._ Cat Mask would think at times like those. _Guess I'll just have to try again._

And so he did.

He rewound time once, twice, a thousand times, a million times.

He made painstaking notes via the library of Solomon installed in his brain. With its help, he was able to identify all the optimal 'prompts' he could use to change the trajectory of everyone's lives around him.

It was hard to see people as 'people'. In fact, Cat Mask no longer even bothered trying.

Sentients were all so painfully simple, in his eyes. Everyone had a pre-programmed response for certain situations, even if they didn't know it.

"Nice weather today?"

"Yeah, seems good."

How many times had he engaged in these awful, mind-numbing dialogue trees? It was like a video game for him, but in real life. He didn't even know why he bothered trying to save humanity or protect it from destruction anymore.

Why did he care?

What did it matter if all these NPCs died?

Cat Mask thought these things, and many others, for the billionth time. He'd had these mental arguments so many times over his life that it was as if there were multiple versions of himself, all sitting in his Mind Realm, engaged in a pointless, neverending debate.

Cat Mask sighed as the cabin grew more distant behind him.

_I want to die._

He was supposed to die a long time ago. He had everything set up. His son would enter the Cryopod, get sent to the future, and all the pre-planned events would occur afterward.

Humanity's construction of the Unified Management Interface.

The Volgrim's invasion.

The deaths of millions, then billions.

The war between angels and demons.

The ultimate destruction of Earth.

And there, at the very end, he would finally allow time to resume as the Earth fell, dying along with it.

But then, on the very last rewind, at the final juncture where all his efforts would finally bear fruit...

It all changed.

Everything went wrong.

Out of nowhere, the entire timestream shifted.

Lowborn humans started appearing everywhere.

Jason no longer entered the cryopod. He was taken by the Illuminati.

"Fuck fuck FUCK!" Cat Mask cursed for the millionth time. "Why did it CHANGE?! I have to start over now! I have to reorganize all the events! Why can't the universe just let me DIE?!"

He was tempted to give up.

He wanted to throw his hands up in the air, put a gun to his head, and end it all.

He was sure he could do it.

But...

At the same time...

He couldn't help but feel curious. A fragment of his humanity boiled with hunger.

What the hell had changed the world so drastically?

Why had everything come apart at the seams?

He _itched_ to know the Truth behind this conspiracy.

"Could it be... _him?_" Cat Mask muttered.

Gressil.

He must be behind this, somehow.

What had that demon bastard done?

Cat Mask approached the mountainside. The massive metal door slowly creaked open as he entered.

The inner hallway that led down into the mountain was massive, far too vast for him to traverse on foot. Instead, he hopped in a small shuttle parked near the entrance, where a robot driver silently verified his identity, then zipped into the mountain at max speed.

Cat Mask loved robots.

Unlike humans, they could be programmed and told to shut up.

Humans always wanted to _know_ things. They always had those damned annoying questions.

Sure, Cat Mask answered Jason's questions ten thousand times. But he hated doing it.

He was extraordinarily patient. But that didn't mean he enjoyed repeating the same lines in the dialogue tree known as 'life'.

It was tiresome. So very, very tiresome.

He'd tried other methods. During one particular era, he used a robot controlled by Solomon's Seed to answer all of Jason's questions. Cat Mask put in some earbuds and ignored his son while the robot answered every little question Jason had.

It was simple. Efficient. Bliss.

The robot possessed all of Cat Mask's knowledge. Anything Jason wanted to know, it told him.

And the result was devastating. Jason saw his father as an unfeeling monster, unwilling to speak to him.

Jason killed himself out of grief. Again and again.

It drove Cat Mask insane.

"Why does he only want to speak to ME?! The robot gave him so much more information. It was the most efficient way to convey everything he wanted to know!"

But he knew why, even if he hated the truth.

Jason was a broken young man. It was Hideki's fault.

He'd put his son through hell. Forced him to live in foster care. Forced him to endure just enough pain that instead of killing himself, he willingly froze himself to travel to a dubious future.

Hideki sometimes felt a little guilty. But that feeling went away.

_It was all for the greater good._ That's what he told himself.

He knew these were mere platitudes. A minor fraction of the war between his different selves, all squabbling and arguing inside his Mind Realm. They justified his actions one day, only to condemn him the next.

They were the greatest torture he had to endure.

Cat Mask's shuttle rode down the giant shaft into the mountain, a tunnel large enough to fit a skyscraper-sized spaceship, and eventually he reached the end. There, two extremely formidable looking armored robots stood at attention. They scanned him and verified his identity.

These machines were more terrifying than even their frightening appearances implied. Each one was individually as strong as a Demon Duke, and while their production quality was insanely high, the time and resources needed to build just one was truly exorbitant. Cat Mask only had a dozen, and he stationed all of them inside his underground Idaho base. He'd stolen their schematics from the Volgrim at some era in the distant past and applied countless improvements over the years.

All together, they might have the capital to take out a single Demon Emperor. In fact, he'd done just that a few times.

But it was never easy. The difference between machines and Sentients was always that Sentient emotions could give them huge bursts of power, particularly in life-and-death situations. Push them too far, and they might erupt with 50% more strength than in the previous loop.

Sentients were _such_ a pain.

He entered the locked door and the robots slammed it shut behind him. Their ability to validate him came from their detection of Solomon's Seed located in his cranium. Since it was one-of-a-kind, detecting it was all they needed to do, and it ensured he didn't actually have to speak to verify his identity.

Ah, the bliss of silence.

Cat Mask detested talking to other people. He hated it more than life itself, but it was a necessary evil he constantly had to endure. That was easily the biggest reason he loved robots. No backtalk. No useless questions.

Upon entering the facility, Cat Mask emerged into a massive underground area covered in catwalks. Below him, various military craft were under construction, with tunnels spreading out all across Idaho to ship in the goods necessary to build his future weapons. Since humanity could not win the war, no matter what actions they took, the purpose of this facility was not to do that, but instead to stymie the bleeding. Someday, it would form the foundation of a place known as the Remnant Oasis, and it would be run by Cat Mask's most important colleague, Marie Becker.

But that was in the future. The time was not yet right, as Marie and Cat Mask had only established a shallow relationship at this point in the timeline. He glanced at his watch just to make sure.

_Still a few weeks on the timeline before my next major interaction with her. Maybe I should try accelerating things. I haven't spent enough time with Jason yet to understand all the changes he's been through. Still need to spar with him and validate his level of martial training. The recordings I took from the Illuminati show he's suddenly become extremely skilled in hand to hand combat. Bizarre. Very bizarre indeed._

_Marie might be able to help me understand why he's changed like this. I can probably get her to invent a brain-scanner or something. Still haven't tracked down the source of those Heroic blips scattered all across the world. If it's not Jason, then who could it be?_

Cat Mask walked over to a robot that was hovering a short distance away, taking care not to disturb Cat Mask or speak to him unless spoken to first.

"Butler." Cat Mask said, addressing the small black hovering machine. "Show me the location of the most recent Heroic blips."

"Yes." Butler said, keeping its responses short and sweet. It projected a holographic globe of the Earth before Cat Mask, followed by dozens of white dots scattered across all the continents.

"Narrow down to the last 24 hours. Show the exact times these blips were noted." Cat Mask ordered.

Silently, Butler did as commanded. The number of dots decreased by over 99%, leaving just eight of them, mostly centered on Russia, with a couple dots in the USA, and one in Germany.

Cat Mask leaned forward. He examined the two in the USA, and was unsurprised to see that one of them was right inside the Cryotek laboratory.

"Can't be Jason." He muttered. "Maybe someone observing him? Butler, pull up the security tapes for Cryotek labs. I want to see the video feed for when these blips appeared."

"Yes." Butler answered.

A few moments passed.

Butler's eyes flashed red.

"Error. Tapes unavailable."

"Huh? They are?" Cat Mask asked, bewildered. "Every time! It's always like this. How the hell is this 'Hero' so adept at infiltration? They always cover their tracks."

He looked at the second blip, and his heart turned cold.

"What? Right outside?! Not even ten minutes ago! It's heading toward Jason!"

Hurriedly, Cat Mask rewound time. He quickly jumped backward twenty minutes to just before he stepped inside the tunnel. Instead, he ran back toward the log cabin and looked around, pulling out a hand-scanner to search for the mysterious heroic aura blips.

Jason came outside. "Dad? You're back already?"

"Quiet." Cat Mask said gruffly, irritation on his face. Jason didn't see it due to the mask, but he sensed something was agitating his father.

Thirty minutes later, Cat Mask cursed under his breath. "Bastard. He doesn't show up when I'm here, eh? Then I'll try watching from a distance."

Cat Mask rewound time again. He traveled back to the entrance of the underground complex, then he quickly ran and hid in some bushes, peering at the cabin from across the helipad.

Minutes passed. He stole glances at his Heroic Aura scanner, but frustratingly, the blips didn't reappear.

"You motherf-" Cat Mask cursed, gnashing his teeth. "Oh you think you're cute?! Wasting my god damn time..."

He rewound again. This time, he entered the underground complex and hopped in the shuttle. When he reached the bottom, he kept a careful eye on the heroic energy scanner.

"There!" He exclaimed. "It just appeared! Now to hurry back..."

He instantly stopped the shuttle, turned it around, and raced back up to the top. As he arrived at the exit gate, he glanced at the scanner again.

"GONE?! What do you MEAN, gone?! Why did it disappear?! You sneaking, thieving, skulking bastard of a Hero! When I get my damn hands on you I'm gonna wring your neck!"

Like a game of Cat and Mouse, Cat Mask continually rewound time. He placed cameras around the area secretly, but when the Heroic blip appeared, they were all corrupted and ruined. Cat Mask realized that this entity was capable of long-distance teleportation, something Cat Mask himself was incapable of doing.

"Fuck fuck fuck fuck!!" Cat Mask screeched. "What intentions do you have toward my son?! You think I'm just going to let you hurt him?! Aw, screw it. Do your worst! I'll just rewind if you kill him anyway! Stupid jackwagon!"

Cat Mask gave up on trying to intercept the Heroic blip. He instead drove back into the mountain to continue his original mission, all the while, keeping an eye on the blip's signature as it approached the log cabin once more.

If the so-called Hero killed Jason, or spoke to him, Hideki would simply find out in a bit, then rewind later to change things. At the very least, he'd have the intel he needed to understand the situation.

He'd done things like this a million times.

_Nothing to it._

...

Jason sat on the couch, talking to Sebastian about his father. Suddenly, there was a light knock at the door.

"Huh? Is dad back already?" Jason asked. It had only been ten or fifteen minutes since he left. Why would he knock? Why not just walk inside?

Confused, Jason got up and walked over to the front door. When he opened it, there was a teenage girl standing outside, her palms squeezed together, looking at him in concern.

Jason blinked. The girl looked familiar.

It only took him a second to place her face. She was that same girl who spoke to him at Cryotek Labs just a few days before. She was extraordinarily beautiful, with long blonde hair tied up in a ponytail, bright blue eyes that mirrored his, but now she was wearing a military uniform of some sort.

"Uh..." Jason said, looking at the pretty girl. "The girl from Cryotek? Why are you here? Did Cat Mask send you?"

The girl looked at him for a moment, then shook her head.

"Do you remember me? I'm Daisy."

"Daisy? Yeah, you mentioned your name last time." Jason muttered.

Daisy seemed to become irrationally angry because of his distant tone. She stomped her shoe and scrunched up her face.

"That's not what I mean! You're different! You changed all of a sudden! Are you really telling me you don't recognize me, Jason? You don't recognize my name?!"

Taken aback, Jason slowly shook his head. "...No? I'm sorry... miss Daisy... I don't know you. I'm pretty sure I'd remember if we dated in high school or something. I wasn't exactly... popular with the girls."

"Popular with the- NO!" Daisy exclaimed. "Dammit! It's ME! Daddy, it's ME! I'm Daisy! I'm your daughter! Why can't you remember me??"

Jason squinted.

She did look slightly familiar. But. _Daughter_? The girl was clearly unwell.

Jason chuckled to try and defuse the situation. "Ahaha... look, miss, I'm only eighteen, you know? And you seem to be about my age too. I don't know who you've gotten me mixed up with, but I can't possibly be your father."

Daisy glowered at Jason. She seemed uncertain whether he was being obtuse or whether he had genuinely forgotten her.

"My mother's name was Phoebe." Daisy said. "You loved her. You loved her! Don't tell me you can't remember!"

Jason grimaced. The girl was clearly going mad now. He did have that weird thought a day ago that he had a wife, but it made no sense at all. The timeline literally didn't add up. He was suffering from delusions.

Wait. Was this girl a delusion? Was she made up in his head too?

Jason glanced at the animals. "You guys can see this girl, right? Daisy? I'm not hallucinating her?"

Sebastian looked at him like he was an idiot. "No, you're not hallucinating. There's really a girl there. She says she's your daughter."

"Dad! Daddy! Come ON! I tried so many times over the years to test you, see if you'd recognize me, but you never came close. Now you're telling me after you've suddenly changed this much you're STILL ignorant about me?" Daisy protested.

Before Jason could blow off her words again, Daisy suddenly held up a CD.

"I recovered this from the Illuminati. Several recordings of you talking to other people in there. You told them you had a bunch of weird memories you couldn't explain. Dad, those were REAL memories! They're from the future! The future!!"

Jason fell silent. The words she was saying... they made sense. They explained so much. But they were also too convenient.

Memories from the future? Is that why he was suddenly so adept at fighting with a bo staff? Why he kept randomly thinking about a 'wife' who couldn't exist? Why he knew about various demons despite never having met them?

It seemed a convenient excuse, but Jason realized he already knew time travel was possible. His own father had the power to manipulate time!

Could Jason have also time-traveled? But then, who was this girl?

"You're my daughter?" Jason asked.

"Yes. Your daughter. Daisy. You and mom had me in the future. The FAR future." Daisy explained. "Are you remembering now?"

Jason slowly shook his head. "I don't remember. But I feel like I should. So many weird things have happened to me recently- wait, if you're from the future, then how did you travel to the past? Is time travel just a thing that runs in the family? First my dad, then me, then you?"

"Your dad?" Daisy asked.

"Yeah. He goes by the alias 'Cat Mask." Jason explained. "But his real name is Hideki Hiro. He's my father, a Trueborn Hero. Are you a Hero too?"

Daisy nodded slowly. "I am."

She pointed at her hair. "Blonde hair, blue eyes. It's the mark of the Heroic Aura."

Jason nodded with realization. "If that's true, then... why can't I remember you? Why can you travel through time and remember me, but not vice-versa?"

Daisy sighed helplessly. "I don't know. I arrived here 12 years ago, when I was only six years old. I was picked up by some weird people and then- oh, it's a whole story. It's not important. Dad, we need to unlock your memories! Can't you use your word magic to do that?"

Jason raised an eyebrow. "My Verbal Psionics? But those are only good for telekinesis."

Daisy looked at him in bewilderment. "What the heck are you talking about? Dad, you're a Wordsmith! Your magic is called Wordsmithing! Surely you'd at least remember THAT much! You can make anything happen just by speaking a single word. It's like your signature ability!"

Jason glanced at the room full of animals behind him. Sebastian and the others watched with great curiosity as this unexpected meeting took place.

"Wordsmithing..." Jason said, turning slowly to look at his daughter's feet. He fell deep into thought.

"Yes," Daisy explained. "Dad, listen. You can do anything with a single Word of Power. You were like, the coolest dad ever! You used to do all sorts of tricks for me, and you'd go to any length to make me smile, and laugh and- never mind, that's not important. The point is... you might be able to unlock your memories! Just say it! Say the magic word!"

"The magic word." Jason said, nodding slowly.

He looked Daisy in the eyes.

Her beautiful blue eyes.

One thought appeared in his mind.

_She hadn't aged a day._

"**Remember.**" Jason said.

At that moment, _everything_ shattered.