Part 182: Demonic Machinations
Part 182: Demonic Machinations

Screams echo in the distant reaches of Faith's End. Dozens of prisoners weep and cry as Gressil, the Labyrinth's warden, stares at an illusionary mirror hovering in midair. Gressil stands in a pitch-black room, one with dozens of torture instruments littered around. A bloody table with straps at each corner sits amidst an unlit furnace, three hacksaws, and even a primitive hand-drill.

"Interesting..." Gressil mutters.

He continues to look at the mirror as it reveals a scene of dozens of demon Barons, Dukes, and even the Third Emperor herself all engaging in a strategy meeting. Ose reveals her plan for attacking the humans, and eventually, the meeting disperses. The scene's viewpoint shifts, almost as if Gressil is watching through the eyes of someone present. They stand up and walk away from the table, causing Gressil to wave his hand and dissipate the illusionary mirror into nothingness.

"Oh, Ose. Little sister. Your desperate need for order sickens me."

Gressil gazes at the spot where the mirror hovered only moments before. His vacant eyes linger on the bare wall as if searching for some unseen specter, some unknown meaning in life.

"Take, take, take. You always steal from me, but you never offer anything in return. Were it not for my magnanimity; I wonder how long you'd last?"

Gressil's expression remains stony and lifeless. The three dozen demonic eyes embedded in his body give him an eerie red glow as they twitch erratically. Tears of blood occasionally flow down his front and back, but he pays them no heed.

The prison warden casually turns around and folds his two lower hands behind his back. His upper arms reach out to grab a door handle, and he pulls it open with an audible _creak_.

Taking slow, measured steps, Gressil ambles out of his favorite torture room to stroll down an unlit corridor, the central hub of Faith's End. A man's whimpering in a nearby cell causes him to pause.

"Quiet."

With a single growled word, his command reaches through the steel door and silences its resident. The man swallows his choked terror upon realizing that his tormentor stands outside the room.

Without giving the man another thought, Gressil continues on his way.  He takes slow and steady footsteps as his mind works at speeds comparable to amoeba and sludge.

"I spent 100,000 years trying to bring about the end of systems and order. However, all of my efforts have fallen short compared to the arrival of the Hero. The Wordsmith's ability to bring about chaos puts even mine to shame. I owe him my gratitude."

Gressil chuckles.

"Heh. Heh. Heh. War is coming. My precious little sister intends to crush the humans and remake the Labyrinth into a perfect society. But, if that happens, all my fun will come to an end. All this droll tedium will rot my mind into nothingness."

Gressil continues walking. Eventually, he stops before one of many nondescript steel doors. Nothing about it stands out in particular, but he still hesitates for a moment before reaching out to open its viewing window.

_Click._

Gressil peers inside the chamber, where dozens and dozens of pale brown eggs, each the size of a human child, sit in clusters of ten to twenty. Faint pulses of glowing energy emanate from them. 

Gressil nods unsmilingly.

"The Swarm is ready. Haha. Does Ose truly believe I'll offer her my help without any strings attached? No. I think not. My cute little sister is many things, but I would never deem her a fool."

Gressil closes the viewing window and continues walking forward.

"If Ose fails..."

Gressil's expressionless face lights up. A cold glint appears in his eyes.

"Haha... won't that be interesting? Who knows what will happen?"

Gressil's face morphs into a hideous, monstrous grin.

"Death. Destruction. Panic. Fear. Just imagine all the wonderful expressions on everyone's faces. What a satisfying day that will be."

Gressil continues talking to himself, almost as if he can hear another voice in his head.

Eventually, the prison warden slows to a stop again. This time, however, the door he stops before is different from the others. A nearby lantern, the only one in the entire hallway, casts a shadow from his monstrous body across the door's frame. The door has a small wooden plaque beneath its viewing window, one which has only one word on it. 

_Forbidden._

Gressil's disgusting smile fades. He stands before the door for several minutes, listening intently.

Strange feelings well up within the prison warden. Excitement and agitation mix with calmness and peace.

Eventually, Gressil reaches out and caresses the door handle. He rattles it slightly, and from within the room, a weak _gasp_ escapes someone's lips.

"Hehe. Biiirdieee..."

Gressil lowers his voice. He stares at the door intently, almost as if trying to bore holes in it with his eyes.

"I know you're awake..."

Gressil licks his lips. Slowly, deliberately, he slides the latch on the door and pushes it open.

The lantern's light causes his shadow to slip into the room. Despite its age, the door opens without even a squeak. Its silence proves deafening.

Gressil lowers his eyes. His expressionless face brightens up as he gazes upon the room's shivering, cowering occupant.

"Nnn... nnn..."

A naked woman covered in gashes, cuts, and bruises, lays in the far corner. Chains rest on the floor and across her body, while wall-bolted shackles wrap around her neck, wrists, and ankles.

Despite the horrible trauma he's inflicted upon her body, the prison warden never touches his prisoner's face. He would never do such a thing, as he finds her beauty... irresistible.

"Hello, Birdie," Gressil whispers. "Did you miss me? I've been... busy."

The woman shrinks into the corner. She tucks her arms and legs together and trembles as she meets her tormenter's gaze. Her wide-eyed terror fills Gressil with an emotion unmatched by any other being.

_Lust._

"I didn't bring any tools or toys today..." Gressil murmurs. He takes a step into the prison cell, causing a squeak of fright to escape the woman's throat. "Just my claws. Ose has had me working day and night for her silly plans. I'll tell you all about them... hehe..."

Gressil takes another step. The shivering girl squeezes her eyes shut, causing bloody tears to roll down her face. "Nnn... nnn..."

Gressil narrows his eyes. "Look at you, teasing me like this. You know I can't resist those... those _delectable_ squeals."

Gressil takes another step. Already, he's closed half the distance to the cowering girl.

"Tsk, tsk. Your wings aren't pretty anymore, not like they used to be. Hmm. Perhaps I should pull them out. I wonder what sort of face you'll make. Ahh... but I can only witness such an agony-filled expression once. There's no need to rush."

Gressil finally reaches the terrified woman. He reaches out a claw and brushes it against one of her chains, causing it to rub the woman's bare skin. Never once does she open her eyes.

"You used to scream in the past. I miss those days. You're too quiet, now. Ah, well, at least you're a good listener, yes. A good girl."

Once again, a hideous grin appears on Gressil's face. He gently presses one of his claws into the woman's open wounds, causing her to cry in pain. "Ahh... nnn...!"

"Yes. Yes. Like that. You're the only one for me, Birdie... you're my precious little... angel."

With a single motion, Gressil reaches backward and closes the door.

Darkness swallows the room.

---

"Daddy, is aunt Sammy going to be okay?"

Daisy clutches my hand tightly as she pitter-patters along at my side. Phoebe follows along behind us and gently ruffles our daughter's hair.

"I don't know," I say, forcing myself to sound hopeful. "But she should wake up eventually!"

"Yeah! Daddy can heal her!" Daisy says with a grin. "Daddy can do anything!"

I glance at my wife. Phoebe gives me a look of, _well, how can you respond to that?_

"Uhh, yeah, sweetie," I reply. "Daddy can do all sorts of things. He's a real wizard, that guy."

The three of us walk toward the local hospital, a small building on the northern edge of the town, close enough to the warpgates that it should only take soldiers ten minutes to arrive if someone ends up heavily wounded. It sits at the edge of the canyon ridge, with a sheer 100-foot drop to the forest below on its rear side.

Thanks to its location, scaling it should prove difficult if the demons ever attack, affording our lone medical facility a small amount of defensibility. I added several turrets on the canyon wall as well as around its perimeter, turning it into a veritable fortress compared to even my palace.

Phoebe takes Daisy's right hand while I take her left. Together, we walk with our daughter sandwiched between us protectively.

My wife shakes her head. "Are you and Kar still planning to force Ose to sign a peace treaty?"

"Not unless the Third Emperor seems especially bloodthirsty. I don't want to force anyone to do anything. Before we visit Ose, Kar wants to introduce me to his mother."

"His mother? Is she a crocodile, too?"

"No. Some lady named Marie. Kar reveres her like a goddess, but I don't buy it."

Phoebe frowns. "Is she trustworthy?"

"She rescued the lizard-men and saved Kar before his crocodilian species went extinct. He's the last one, though. I don't know the whole situation, but it was a pretty brutal affair."

"Mmm."

Phoebe strokes her chin with her free hand. "Stay safe," She murmurs.

"You know me. Safety is my middle name, along with Caution."

"I _do_ know you, which is why I'm worried!" Phoebe laughs. "At least you'll have Kar at your side. _Someone_ has to be the brains of your little operation."

"Hey! I'm smart!"

"Riiight..."

Phoebe rolls her eyes and grins jokingly.

Over the past six years, watching my wife turn from an uptight noble-lady into a casual, bantering femme fatale has been a real source of pride for me. I love seeing this side of her, where she acts nonchalantly and doesn't have to worry and fret over every little thing. She's come a long way from the stiff, emotional wreck she used to be.

As my thoughts wander, Phoebe's voice speaks in my head. "Oh? Tell me how you really feel, stud."

I groan inwardly. Having a copy of my wife listening to my innermost thoughts embarrasses me.

The Phoebe in my head chuckles. "All you ever do is think glowing thoughts about how great I am. You're such a sweetheart, Jason."

Dammit, second Phoebe, you're making me blush.

"I wish I had a mirror! You're so cute when you blush!"

Stop!! Ahh!!

...

A minute later, Phoebe, Daisy, and I pass through the fifteen-foot-tall concrete wall surrounding Tarus II's only hospital. We enter the facility and arrive at the receptionist's desk, where a well-groomed goblin dressed in a tuxedo quietly types on a computer.

"Hello, Grima," I say, nodding at him. "What room did you put Samantha in?"

The goblin glances up from his computer and evaluates the three of us in an instant. "Ah, hello, Hiro family. It's been a while. Your friend is in Room 15, just down the western corridor. Her condition is stable, but she has yet to awaken from her coma."

Grima's refined and elegant manner of speech stands contrary to the vast majority of goblins. While the others of his species tend to skitter around, cackle like hyenas, and cause all manner of mischief, Grima focuses on expanding his vocabulary and studying the breakdown of elemental particles. He's a real bookworm.

"Thank you, Grima," Phoebe says, flashing him a radiant smile. "I'll bring you a sweet roll tomorrow."

Grima's eyes widen. "A sweet roll? Haha! You are too kind, Miss Hiro! I'd hate to impose on you... b-but... I have three spawnlings, and, ah, they would very much like to-"

"Certainly! I'll bring you four sweet-rolls!" Phoebe replies, cutting him off. "One for each child."

Grima leans forward, an intense look in his eyes. He wipes drool from the side of his mouth. "Th-thank you, Miss Hiro! I won't- I mean, we won't forget your kindness!"

With a nod, the three of us set off again.

Once we step out of earshot, I raise an eyebrow at my wife. "What was _that_ all about?"

Phoebe sighs. "Grima doesn't _have_ a brood. He fibbed, but I can't blame him. The poor fellow is positively addicted to my cooking."

I stifle a laugh. Maybe the little guy isn't as different from other goblins as I thought.

Half a minute later, the three of us pass by several hospital personnel, including the harpie who treated me when I ran out of mana six years ago, Doctor Fathy. The doctor waves politely, and I wave back.

Eventually we arrive at Belial's room. The succubus lays motionless on the hospital bed, a stream of sunlight beaming on her face from the adjacent window. Dozens of flowers sit on nearby tables, chairs, and all around the room in general. As the most important healer at the hospital, everyone seems to have left her a get-well-soon letter or some other random present.

"Aunt Sammy!" Daisy cries. She pulls away from Phoebe and me to run to Belial's side. "What's wrong? Wake up! Mommy, why won't she wake up?"

"It's like we said, sweetheart," Phoebe says, keeping her emotions in check. "Aunt Samantha has a head injury. She has to sleep for a very long time to recover. Let's use our inside voices, okay?"

"Okay..."

Daisy's excitement vanishes as she realizes the gravity of the situation. She reaches over to hold Belial's hand, but this time, her movements are much more cautious and tender.

"Hello," A woman says behind me. I turn around and raise an eyebrow as I spot a very _corpulent_ demoness I've never seen before. The plump demon lady pauses at the doorway and flicks her gaze between Phoebe and I. "Err, um... are you friends of the Second Emperor?"

"Yes," Phoebe says, turning to smile at the newcomer. "I'm Phoebe, and this is my husband, Jason. Are you new?"

The woman doesn't smile as she meets Phoebe's gaze. For a brief instant, I can almost make out the faintest hint of disgust on her face, but it vanishes quickly. Perhaps my imagination is running wild. "Erm. Yes! My name is Rosalia! I'm one of Belial's assigned nurses."

Whatever negative feelings I may have noticed, Phoebe ignores. "Rosalia? That's a lovely name. Welcome to Tarus II! I know pretty much everyone here, so it's always nice to meet new people."

Phoebe extends her palm to offer a handshake, but the brown-haired demoness shrinks back. This time, the ugly look on her face ignites my suspicions. "Ah... w-what are you...?"

"Oh, I'm sorry," Phoebe says, a hint of embarrassment on her face. "I sometimes forget, demons and monsters aren't always familiar with handshakes. It's just a way humans tend to greet one another."

Rosalia squirms uncomfortably for a moment, then gingerly reaches out to poke Phoebe's hand with a single finger.

"...Right. Um, well, if you three need anything... let me know, I guess."

Without another word, the woman retracts her hand, turns around, and skitters away.

I raise an eyebrow. "Rosalia, huh? She seems suspicious."

Phoebe lowers her hand, and a hint of dejection appears in her eyes. "Ah, maybe I was too insensitive. As a stranger, I shouldn't have gotten all touchy-feely right off the bat. The demons who come here often have to overcome their prejudices. It's not an easy task for most."

"I don't think you were at fault," I mutter. "That fat ogre was acting strange. Keep an eye on her."

_Smack._

Phoebe swats my arm. Her expression turns ugly. "Jason! Don't be rude. There's no need to insult her weight! She seems like a perfectly pleasant woman. It's my fault for being too forward and driving her away."

I shrug. "Sure, whatever you say, but I don't like the look in her eyes."

...

Half an hour later, after lingering around Belial's hospital room, heavy footsteps approach us. I turn around to see Kar lumber into the hospital, with Neil following close behind. The leader of humanity's military keeps his distance from me, but Kar walks right over and smacks my back. "Turtle! You done sittin' around here all day, or what?"

It takes me a moment to catch my footing. Kar's insane strength nearly knocks me to the ground. "Y-yeah. I'm good to go. Neil? It's not often I see you come to the hospital."

Neil's expression remains impassive. He crosses his arms and shoots an odd look at Belial. "Mmm. Yes, well, I might have some differences with the Second Emperor of demonkind, but when I heard she was in a coma, I felt it was worth paying her a visit. Belial is one of our best healers behind yourself and Hope, after all."

Neil's eyes flick to Phoebe. "Miss Hiro. How is the succubus faring? Will she awaken soon?"

Phoebe forces some positivity into her voice. "Oh, I certainly hope so. Samantha took a bit of a beating, but she's a fighter. She won't stay down long."

Neil frowns. "Mmm. Jason, I hear it was _you_ who attacked the succubus. Care to explain yourself?"

Neil's sudden pivot makes me frown. "I wasn't myself. A foreign entity took over my mind, temporarily. It won't happen again."

"It had better not," Neil snaps. "The last thing we need is a Wordsmith as our enemy. I've got my hands full protecting the Core. If I have to deal with a traitor on Tarus II-"

"You won't," I say, trying not to lose my temper. "I've taken several precautions to protect my mind. You just keep worrying about you, and I'll worry about me."

Neil licks his lips. He hesitates for a moment before shaking his head. "You say that now, but all it will take is one screwup, and we'll be history. Bah! I've said my piece. Here, this is for the... _woman_."

Neil produces a rose from behind his back, lightly tosses it onto a nearby dresser, and smooths his hair back. "Give the succubus my best wishes."

Without waiting for a reply, Neil turns and storms away, leaving both Phoebe and I more than a little flustered.

Once Neil leaves, Phoebe balls her hands into fists. "Oooh! That god-damned little..."

"Neil has really changed," I mutter. "You used to be good friends with him, but ever since that sudden attack on the Core last year, he hasn't been the same."

Kar stands awkwardly, caught between Neil's departure and our conversation. The crocodile twiddles his thumbs and clears his throat. "Err, ahem... Ox-Arms is a little stressed out. Try not to blame him for acting all weird and stuff."

"This is about more than Neil being stressed," Phoebe mutters. "Never once has he looked at Samantha as anything other than some evil creature. She's helped us countless times, but his bigotry never fades! Why, when those shadow-walkers ambushed him last year, who was it that brought him back from the brink of death? Sam! Neil barely even thanked her!"

I rub my forehead. "I've tried talking to Neil, but he can be incredibly hard-headed sometimes. Whatever. Leave him to do what he does best... protect the Core."

"Yes, I agree," Phoebe replies. "And you do what you do best; mediate. Kar, make sure to take care of Jason, okay? I trust you to be the brains and brawn of this operation."

Kar snorts. "White-hair, don't you worry your pretty little face. I won't let Turtle do anything I wouldn't do. I'm only going to introduce him to my mother, Marie. The only trouble we might face will come when we travel to Hell Harbor."

I nod. "What's it like there?"

Kar taps his chin thoughtfully. "Mmm. Like I said before, it's supposed to be a paradise of sorts. Lots of trees. Grass. Sunlight. I've never been there before, so I don't know."

"Great. It'll be a first for both of us," I say. "Hopefully, Samantha will recover by the time I get back. Daisy! C'mere, you."

I turn around, bend over, and grab my daughter from behind. She shrieks with glee as I blow on her rosy little cheeks and plant a dozen kisses all over her face.

"Daddy, it tickles! Stop! Heehee!"

I set her down. "You be a good girl for mommy, okay? Go to bed early, brush your teeth, and stay out of the cookie jar."

My daughter reaches up to hug me, and I pull Phoebe in for a big group hug as well. 

"Love you," Phoebe says. She smiles at me, and immediately, all of my worries fade away.

_I have the most beautiful wife in the world._

As I pull away, I speak a word of power. "**Summon.**"

A pair of shiny golden bracelets materialize in midair and land in my grasp. I take one of them and wrap it around Phoebe's wrist, then put the other on mine.

Phoebe raises an eyebrow. "What's this?"

"It's a magical communicator," I reply. "It'll allow us to contact each other in emergencies. Unfortunately, it takes a lot of mana to create, since it has to send information faster than the speed of light. However, these two should be good enough for our needs. If anything happens in the Core or on Tarus, don't hesitate to message me. I won't let anything happen while I'm gone."

Phoebe nods. "Alright. Thank you, Jason. Take care!"

I say my goodbyes to Phoebe and Daisy. Minutes later, I stroll out of the hospital room with Kar at my side.

"I don't understand," Kar mutters under his breath. "Why can't you heal Big Boobs?"

"She's suffered brain damage," I reply. "If I had Solomon's Crown, I could heal her. Without it, I can't unravel the mysteries of the human brain, let alone a demon's."

Kar frowns. "Oh. I see. You're too dumb to heal her. How unfortunate."

"What?! No! I'm not too _dumb!_ Come on, Kar, the brain is a highly complex organism."

The giant crocodile nods sagely. "Indeed. Like an apple."

"An apple?! What the fuck does an apple have to do with anything?"

Kar shoots me a look of pity. "Someday, you may understand. As White-Hair said, leave the thinking to me."

I roll my eyes. "Yeah, yeah, okay, buddy."

As we turn to leave the hospital, I catch sight of the new nurse, Rosalia. The overweight demoness stares at me through the window of a nurse station as Kar and I exit the building.

_What the hell is her problem? And why does she give me such a bad feeling?_