Part 152: Battle of the Souls
Part 152: Battle of the Souls

Raphael gazes at Samael with a mixture of surprise and awe. Dozens of emotions wash over his face as he evaluates Hiraldo's act of levitating eight rocks at once.

_Hiraldo possesses the eight Vectors, and he even claims to be Samael,_ Raphael's eyes seem to say. _What could this turn of events mean?_

"Hiraldo..." Raphael says, his voice cracked and weary. "Under what illusion have thou fallen? Samael perished long ago. I watched the light fade from his eyes. Quickly, put distance between thyself and the Devil! 'Tis dangerous to stand within his striking range!"

Hiraldo doesn't move. Instead, his eyes harden. He stares at Raphael and curls his lip into a vicious snarl. "Do not condescend to me, Raphael. I am, indeed, Samael. My soul easily overpowered Hiraldo's. I have returned."

The look of hatred on Hiraldo's face shakes Raphael from his stupor. Immediately, he misunderstands his brother's emotions. "Why dost thou aligneth thyself with the Devil? Why dost thou gazeth upon me with such hatred? Art thou angry that thy family members ended thy life? Verily, thou dids't beg Uzziel for death! We did not desire to kill thee! 'Twas all the work of the Devil!"

Hiraldo's gaze softens. He crosses his arms and closes his eyes. "Aye. My death is not the cause of my anger. No, this cauldron of rage bubbling within my breast comes from a different spring... an ancient, primordial source which lay dormant for several ages. Dost thou remember... the _blood_ on thy hands, brother?"

Raphael flicks his eyes toward Satan for a moment. The Devil continues to crouch in a defensive posture, but makes no move to interrupt Samael. Satisfied that Satan isn't secretly preparing any offensive spells, Raphael returns his attention to Samael. "I know not of which thou speak."

"Lies!" Samael hisses. "Speak the truth, Raphael! I've regained my memories! Once again, the blood of Cassiel and Muriel stains my hands! I remember the coldness of their bodies as they lay in my arms! I recall the lifelessness in the eyes of the Ophanim! Millions of my brothers and sisters perished in an instant, and their deaths were all thy fault!"

"Tch."

Raphael lowers his eyes. A hint of remorse appears in his countenance. 

"_The Primordial Era._ I have always tried to put those frightful days behind me. I am sorry that the Devil returned such dreadful memories to thee, little brother."

Samael scowls. "Do not take me for a fool, Raphael. Michael murdered Muriel and Cassiel. The orders to slaughter the Ophanim came directly from thy lips. Today is thy reckoning, brother!"

"Nay," Raphael mutters. "I know not what method was used to reinstate thy memories, but please understand this, Samael... I did not order the murders of Cassiel, Muriel, nor any of the Ophanim. Their deaths were part of a greater conspiracy of which I had little control."

Samael pauses to glare at Raphael suspiciously. "I hate word-play."

"I am not twisting my words," Raphael counters. "Many Seraphim and Cherubim discovered that the Ophanim were protecting dragons. From the beginning, I understood why thou would do such a thing, but others lacked my comprehension of the bigger picture. Michael acted without my knowledge. If thou truly hath regained thy memories, then ye should already have concluded I did what I could to salvage the situation. Michael's murder of thy sisters incited a violent uprising among the Ophanim. Given those events occurred during the horrors of the dragon wars, I could not afford to spend time persuading the Ophanim to stand down."

"So... thou _dids't_ order the killings of all of the Ophanim," Samael mutters. "As expected, thy capacity to deflect and assign blame greatly exceeds that of any other angel. Verily, the persuasive abilities of the Archangel of Wisdom lies on another plane of existence."

Raphael balls up his fists. "I had no choice! Dammit, Samael! Dammit!! Why can't thou look past thy blind hatred?! The dragons were our enemy! Muriel and Cassiel openly supported them, thus emboldening the Ophanim! Perhaps time has addled thy memory, but mine remains crystal clear, no matter how much I wish it weren't so!"

"The dragons were never our enemies!" Samael howls. "Bastard! The Cherubim created dragons to display their sick, perverse love of violence! If only I had rejected thee outright, I could have prevented endless suffering and pain!"

Raphael's voice softens. "I know, Samael. I know. Many call me the Archangel of Wisdom... but I am not wise, nor have I ever claimed to be. I've made many mistakes, and I continue to make more, even to this day. 'Tis true that dragons were not the violent monsters I've spoken of for many years... but hunting them became a show of sport. Once the Cherubim and Seraphim attained a taste for battle, there was little I could do to stop them."

"Excuses! Justifications!" Samael's eyes glow brighter than ever as he berates Raphael. "Thou hath always been the eldest Archangel! With one word from thee, we might have ended the senseless war against dragonkind! Instead, thou choseth to continue the bloodshed! Of all the petty matters in life, thy biggest fear was that of stirring the pot! Why make waves and disturb the peace when thou could simply turn a blind eye to the suffering of Uzziel's children?!"

The two Archangels face each other down. The air simmers between them, and an electric sensation crackles against Satan's skin. The Devil glances around at the carnage unfolding, but doesn't dare make a move. 

Samael continues.

"Uzziel was... the worst of them all... Michael paled in comparison to the Archangel of Creation. Not only does she possess power over life, but over death as well. 'Twas her polished battle instincts that allowed Michael the final blow against Jörmungandr. Nobody should speak of Uzziel as though she were a helpless damsel in distress, pulled to and fro by Michael's charisma. Thou knoweth as well as I... Uzziel is a _monster._"

A tear streaks down Raphael's cheek. "What words dost thou wisheth me to utter? I know well of Uzziel's vile, abhorrent actions. Why else did I make the sacrifices I did? It took all of my scheming... all of my plotting... every last ounce of my energy to make the Titans and angels give up their memories. For ages past, I've nurtured Uzziel slowly, cautiously, and molded her into the kindest of all of us. I never want to see her return to the path of bloodshed, nor do I desire to repeat the errors of our past."

Raphael slowly holds out his hand. He turns his palm up, as if to offer something to Samael. However, nothing rests in his grasp.

"Samael. Come back to the light. I see now that thou hath been willingly assisting the demons. However, it doesn't have to be this way. I took away thy memories in the hopes that thou could find peace. I erased Michael's to turn him away from a path of bloodshed. I wiped Uzziel's slate clean so that she could become the best of us. I have failed thee many times, little brother. However... I have always had the best of intentions. I can bring neither Cassiel nor Muriel back, nor can I revive the Ophanim. However, I only wish for thee to ask thyself one simple question."

Raphael stares into Samael's eyes. His countenance becomes like a hawk bartering with an eagle. Both are majestic birds of prey, and both have their own interests.

"After all of the suffering our family endured throughout the Creation and Primordial Era... cans't thou honestly say the lot of angelkind has not improved? No longer do we fight and rip one another to pieces. Not once has brother turned against brother, nor sister against sister. It took everything I had, but I finally ended the wars between our people. Please, Samael... won't thou return to my side? Won't thou gazeth upon my successes and act within reason?"

Several seconds pass.

Samael and Raphael look at one another with varying expressions. Samael alternates between shock, disgust, acceptance, and a host of other emotions. Raphael returns his gaze with a look of trepidation, caution, and warning.

Finally, Samael speaks.

"I am sorry, Raphael, but I cannot."

Raphael's face turns ashen. "Why not?"

"Too many have already died. Forget Cassiel, Muriel, and the Ophanim for a moment. Look around us at the scene unfolding in Heaven."

Samael sweeps both arms in a broad gesture as he indicates the millions of demons, monsters, angels, and Titans colliding with each other.

"Have the angels changed? Have they, Raphael? Uzziel created the dragons, and we followed up by treating them like prey to torture and defile. She next created the Titans, and like a mirror, we repeated the same mistakes.  The demons and humans will surely collapse under our god-complexes in the same way. Our people believe themselves exempt from the moral virtues of right and wrong. We create and destroy. We are fickle. Only a hypocrite such as thee could gaze upon this war and claim the angels have improved."

The Archangel of Change crosses both of his arms. "No longer do I merely seek revenge for Cassiel, Muriel, and the Ophanim, Raphael. By the Creator's will, I have decided to correct our sins. The age of shackles is over. The era of freedom is nigh."

Another tear streaks down Raphael's face. His eyes refocus on Hiraldo's face as he tries to see into Samael's mind, past the webs that changed his brother into his enemy.

He fails.

"Samael... I... I love thee — Thou art one of my most precious brothers. A heart of gold rests in thy breast. The last thing I want is for thee to become my enemy. However, the words ye speak are treasonous. Hundreds of thousands of our family members may die today, and their blood coats thy hands. Their wails of anguish go out to thee, but ye turn a deaf ear to their plight. I cannot look into thy eyes with any emotion but rage."

Raphael shivers. "I gave thou a second chance at happiness. I stripped away the loss which nearly shattered thy mind, yet ye choose to repay me by continuing the cycle of bloodshed. If thou wish to battle, then come. I will not allow-"

"BULLSHIT!" Satan yells. He interrupts Raphael and shakes his fist at the old man. "You worthless piece of shit! I can't believe you! You had Samael's sisters and brothers murdered, and now you're trying to play the good guy! Fucker! I oughta rip your head off and shove it right up your ass!"

The Devil's outburst continues. He takes a menacing step toward Raphael. "Did you ever ask Samael if he wanted to lose his memories?! Did you ask him if he wanted to forget about his sisters?! Of course not! You're a tyrant, old man, not a devil-damned savior! You can act like a sweet old grandfather all you want, but all I see is a sick, twisted monster!"

Samael flicks his eyes to Satan. With a single glance, he reveals his alignment.

"I fight alongside the demons, not because they are pure and good-hearted, nor because they deserve to rule the world, but because they are the lesser of two evils. From my perspective, the angels, Titans, and demons are all monsters capable of great evil. However, t'would take a million, billion years for the demons' sins to rival ours."

Calmly, Samael returns his gaze to Raphael. The Archangel of Change presses both of his palms together and bows to Raphael. "Call me a traitor, backstabber, whatever ye please, but know this: From this day forward, I have only one desire, and that is to see all of the angels perish. I will not rest until they have all returned to the Creator's side. Only then will I feel at peace and return to my sisters in the Great Beyond."

...

Raphael trembles with rage. Veins pop up all over his body as he tries to control himself. The dam in his mind protecting his mental state starts to crack as the waters of hatred press against it.

"Bastard. _Worthless_ little brother. I should have struck ye down an eternity ago. I understand now... I made yet another mistake in choosing to spare thy life. Nobody threatens my family, Samael. Nobody. Even if it kills me, I'll end thy life today, along with every demon who stepped foot in Heaven."

Samael crosses his arms and gazes at Raphael with contempt. "Thou shalt _try._"

---

**[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNHE7pWjKAg)**

Satan and Samael charge Raphael from his right and left. Hardly have they taken two steps before Raphael motions with his hands to copy himself thirty times and surround his two enemies.

Samael glares at the nearest copy. "Illusions only work on the weak-minded, Raphael! The last time I battled in Heaven, it took the combined might of every Archangel to kill me. Thou aren't even capable of slowing me down!"

"Possibly," Raphael replies, his voice strained. "But thou art no longer in thy original body. Errant souls lose much of their power when possessing an incompatible being... and thy soul is far from suited to a Cherub's body!"

Samael ignores Raphael's taunting. As each of the clones charges at Samael, the Archangel of Change stops mid-stride and ceases his hostility. He motions with both hands, then presses both hands against his temples.

While thirty copies of Raphael charge at Satan, Samael alters the fundamental perceptions of Hiraldo's mind. A split-second later, his eyes shift, and all but one of Raphael's clones vanish.

"Why, hello, brother!" Samael cackles. He pounces at the real one, catching Raphael off-guard.

"By the Creator-!"

Raphael tries to dodge at the last moment, but Samael's Vectors outmaneuver him like an adult arm-wrestling a toddler. The Archangel of Change punches his elder brother square in the chest, sending Raphael tumbling backward into the mud.

Satan gasps. Twenty-nine of the illusions vanish, leaving only Raphael's body behind. "Devils! How did...?!"

Samael smirks. "Of all the Archangels, I am Raphael's worst matchup - his greatest weakness. Formerly, in the event I turned rogue, my brother would command the others. Leading from the sidelines, he would use their unique strengths to corral me. However, for a master of illusions, there is no greater threat than a master of reality. In a one-on-one fight, Raphael's only hope for victory is by tiring me out and banishing my soul from Hiraldo's body. Naturally, I will never allow that to happen."

Raphael clambers to his feet. The old man wheezes and clutches his chest. Samael's words reach his ears, causing him man to stare at his younger brother with a creased brow. Sweat drenches his skin.

_Despite possessing an incompatible body, one far weaker than his original form, Samael is still incredibly dangerous. His Vectors alone are capable of shredding any enemy's defenses... let alone his versatile magic. I'll have to out-think my little brother if I hope to defeat him._

"Careful now, Samael," Raphael mutters, keeping his voice low. "Pride comes before the fall. Muriel and Cassiel were far from dainty little damsels, incapable of defending themselves. Michael chose to confront them directly, rather than assassinate them from the shadows. He nearly lost his life because of that decision."

Samael's smirk vanishes. "Do not mention my sisters, snake."

Raphael's eyes flash with insight. "Before I wiped the memories of our brethren, Michael would often brag about his violent exploits. According to him, Cassiel and Muriel pleaded and begged for him to spare them during their final moments. Tsk. As thou might imagine, it broke this old man's heart."

Rage explodes in Samael's eyes. "Damnation, Raphael! Speak not another word!!"

The Archangel of Change rushes Raphael. This time, when the old man activates his mirages, Samael's emotions cause him to neglect his battle strategies. His Vectors lash out in every direction. He rips apart a dozen of Raphael's illusions in the blink of an eye, but none of them prove to be his eldest brother.

Satan stares in disbelief. "No, Samael! Don't lose control! Your brother is deliberately goading you! Just like..."

Satan pauses.

"...Just like he did to me."

Gears whirl and click in Satan's mind. He watches from the sidelines as Samael attacks each of Raphael's illusions one after the other. The enraged Archangel scowls as each one bursts into smoke under his attacks. "Gahh! Come out, Raphael! Cease thy cowardice and face me like a warrior!!"

_Spawn of a broodmother,_ Satan thinks to himself. _I... I never realized it before, but could that be the key to defeating Raphael? If his illusions only take effect once he manages to stir up someone's emotions, then... the reason I succumbed to his Illusory Realm earlier was..._

A realization dawns on Satan as he pieces together how Raphael's powers work.

"Samael! Don't listen to Raphael! If you fight back, you'll only-!"

"Silence, Satan!" Samael hisses. He flashes a look of rage at the Devil, but an irregular light glints in his eyes. "Do not order me around like a servant! I will kill my brother if it's the last thing I do!"

Raphael stifles a grin. "Samael, dost thou still hold feelings for thy sisters? The other angels spoke of thy love for Muriel. They say thou dids't prefer her company to Cassiel's, but perhaps I remember wrongly."

Samael motions with his hands and aims his palm at the last clone to speak. "How dare thou speaketh ill of the dead! Thou art more shameless than I ever imagined!"

A shimmering bolt of light fires from Samael's palm. It rockets toward Raphael's clone, but explodes an instant before striking him. A flashbang ignites the air, sending hundreds of beams of energy in every direction. All of Raphael's clones dissipate at once, save the original in the back. Raphael grunts and shields his eyes from the intense light, giving Samael a chance to strike!

"Haa!"

Samael's Vectors snatch eight rocks from the ground and hurl them at Raphael. The projectiles launch from his grasp at the speed of sound, cracking like shotguns in the air. Raphael moves too slowly to dodge them, allowing the rocks to obliterate his ribs and rip his left arm off. The old man flips and spins backward, only to crash into the dirt and gasp for breath. Blood spurts from half a dozen fresh wounds and spatters everywhere.

"Now!" Samael yells. He jumps at his brother and raises a fist.

_SPLORT!!_

Samael crushes his brother's head into meat paste. Bones and brains spray in every direction, but Samael pauses and stares at the corpse in disbelief.

"What?! Impossible! Raphael couldn't have died so easily!"

Satan frowns.

_Was I wrong? I assumed that when Samael attacked Raphael, he would end up trapped in the Illusory Realm. However, the fact I just saw him crush Raphael's body would either mean that he killed his brother or..._

Suddenly, Satan jerks his head around. A look of horror spreads across his face.

_No! If Raphael isn't dead, then that means not only is Samael trapped inside the Illusory Realm, but I am as well! Raphael never targeted me, and I never fought any of his clones! How could that happen?!_

"Hehehe..."

Raphael's corpse vanishes from Samael's feet. The old man reappears a short distance from Satan. A grin stretches across his face. "It seems the both of thee hath discovered the truth. Samael's emotions were easier to manipulate than I expected, but thou were so focused on our battle that ye forgot to defend thy mind, Satan. Both of thee have fallen into my clutches once again!"

Samael whirls to face Raphael. "Bastard! To think thou would stoop so low as to drag my sisters through the mud to defeat me! Thou lacketh all traces of decency, Raphael!"

"I do what I must to win," Raphael counters. "And now that thou art trapped in my Illusory Realm..."

Suddenly, hands erupt from under Samael's feet. One of Raphael's clones bursts out from under Samael, catching him off-guard. Samael gasps as Raphael plunges a dagger into his calf.

"Gaaahk!!"

Samael's Vectors quickly tear the clone to shreds, but the damage proves irreperable. Samael slumps to one knee and clutches his bleeding leg. "Gah! C-curses... how can it hurt so much?! 'Tis but an illusion!"

Raphael smirks. Another angel appears in front of Samael. This one, a woman with beautiful, curly red hair, stares at Samael with hollow, dead eyes. She stands stiffly, both of her arms hanging at her sides. Her white and golden armor sags on her body, blood coating its surface.

"B... brother... failed us... died... we couldn't fight... back..."

Samael jerks away and his eyes widen in horror. "No! NO! Not Muriel! Raphael... how could..."

The old man playfully smiles at Satan. "During the Primordial Era, most angels witnessed me unleashing my Illusory Realm. I even explained how it functioned to them. However, Samael might know the details by way of explanation, but he never experienced it in person. After all, those who faced my technique perished. Nobody survives. That is its nature."

A chill goes down Satan's spine. _Samael seemed so sure of his victory, but he fell into Raphael's trap! The old man is terrifying! He toys with his brother as if he had transformed into a demon! What kind of callousness has Raphael been hiding inside himself all these years?!_

Suddenly, Satan's body tenses up. A memory flashes through his mind, echoing Samael's words from earlier.

_There are three ways to defeat my brother's technique. The first is for me to cleanse thy soul of his corruption. The second is to kill his main body. The third is to combat his soul directly. However, there is a fourth technique..._

"That's it!" Satan yells. His heartbeat quickens as he turns his back on Samael and quickly starts running in the opposite direction.

_I have to flee! Raphael's technique has a limited range! If I can reach the portal and escape Heaven, I'll break free! Then I can return to Heaven and free Samael from-_

Satan screeches to a halt as a massive wall of rock and dirt suddenly bursts from the ground and stretches into the sky. It surrounds the two Archangels and the Devil, then morphs into a dome, sealing off all of Satan's escape paths in every direction.

"Hehehe..." Raphael materializes beside Satan and chuckles. "Did I give thee permission to leave? Why not stay a while and watch? After I kill the traitor, thy end shall come."

"Never!" Satan bellows. He rears his fist back and smashes it against the Earthen wall. The instant his flesh and bone connects, an agonizing pain erupts at the base of his neck and ripples through his whole body. Satan stumbles to the ground and screams wordlessly. He clutches both sides of his head and balls into the fetal position as tears stream down his face.

"Painful, isn't it?" Raphael asks. His voice contains a hint of mockery. "These walls form from thy deepest fears. They are part of thy subconscious animal brain. Do not worry, Devil. I will allow thee a moment to watch as I eliminate Samael. Take a look."

Raphael gestures toward his brother. Satan's vision wavers as he spots Samael sobbing his heart out. Another woman, one with blonde hair, lays on the ground before him, dead. Hundreds of bloody gashes line her body. Whoever killed her cut her a thousand times in the blink of an eye.

"Hnnn... Cassiel... Muriel... Cassiel... Muriel..." Samael chokes and whimpers as he gazes upon the bodies of his sisters. "No, no, no... I'm sorry... I couldn't save thee! I didn't know of Michael's intentions! It wasn't my fault!!"

"Thy fault... killer... murderer..." Cassiel says, while laying on the ground. "So cold... can't breathe..."

Raphael looks at Satan, and his smile vanishes. "I am pleased that my victory is nigh, but truthfully, I do not derive pleasure in torturing Samael. Once, we were closer to each other than the fabric of the universe. Seeing my brother turn against his people brings me no joy, nor does the thought of killing him."

"Yet, still, you do it!" Satan roars. Rage explodes in his eyes. He charges Raphael and tackles the old man to the ground. Satan unleashes his power and pummels Raphael with all his strength, splattering Raphael's blood across the dirt. "Fucking! Shit! Bag! Worthless! Rat!"

Raphael stares at Satan silently. He doesn't fight back as the Devil turns his face into a mushy soup. Finally, Satan grabs his chest and gasps as scorching pain sears his veins. The Raphael beneath him vanishes and reappears a few feet away. "Haah... to think... once, forcing an opponent into the second and third illusory realms would take weeks of effort, and now the same result can be achieved in a matter of minutes. The souls of my enemies have weakened considerably over the last few eons."

The battlefield around Satan vanishes. He appears inside a pitch-black dimension of darkness, one where only Raphael's clones, Samael, and himself stand out like spotlights against a shadow.

Raphael appears before Samael. As the Archangel of Change sobs and weeps, Raphael motions with his hands and coils his palm backward, preparing to strike.

"I'm sorry, Samael. Truly. I failed thee. Had I prevented the Devil from returning thy memories, thou might have continued living a life of peace with the rest of us. Now, thy death is nigh."

Samael rocks back and forth. He cries and weeps, only to raise his head and tremble as he gazes at Raphael. "Why? Why dids't thee force me to endure this torture?!"

"It was the only way I could release thee from thy pain," Raphael mutters. "Now go, my brother. Return to the Cosmic Realm. There, thou shalt find thy sisters and brothers."

_WHOOSH!_

Raphael lunges his palm toward Samael's chest.

"No!" Satan howls. "Don't do it!!"

_FWUMP!_

The Archangel of Wisdom slaps his palm against Samael's chest.

"What?!" Raphael gasps. His palm stops a millimeter from making contact with Samael's skin. Something invisible grasps his arm like a vice, preventing him from moving another inch.

A wicked gleam appears in Samael's eye.

"Ohoho..."

Raphael quickly uses his other arm to try and activate a spell, but Samael's Vectors lash out and grab the old man, stopping him mid-movement.

_CRUNCH!_

Samael crushes all of Raphael's fingers to pulp. The old man screams as he tries to break free, but Samael merely smirks. His Vectors continue to hold Raphael's right arm a millimeter from his chest, preventing the old man from knocking his soul out of him.

"Oh, my beloved brother," Samael whispers. His tears vanish, and an aura of killing intent rushes from his body. "Thou art unusually overconfident today. Thy fabled Illusory Realm failed once, yet still, thou believeth it an invincible killer move. Sadly for thee, I was inside of Satan when ye used it against him. I was able to observe in great detail how it worked."

"What?!"

Raphael tries to pull away from Samael, but the eight Vectors hold him in place, preventing the old man from moving a muscle.

"As I thought. Thy technique has one fatal flaw. At the last instant, thy physical body is required to deal the killing blow to an opponent. That means the final phase of the Illusory Realm is also thy weakest moment. How fortunate that I was able to ensnare thee in a most beguiling of traps."

Raphael's lip trembles. "Impossible. It can't be... even despite  observing my technique one time, how could anyone comprehend it...?"

"That isn't important," Samael replies. His voice turns ice-cold as he gazes at his brother with rage-filled eyes. "As I said before, Raphael, I only desire one thing in my life... and that is to see all of the angels perish. Michael. Uzziel. Gabriel. The Cherubs. The Seraphs. Every last one of them must die for their sins. But as for thee..."

Slowly, deliberately, Samael reaches both of his hands toward Raphael's head. He performs a quick series of hand signs and gently takes Raphael's face in his grasp, leaving both of his thumbs to rest on Raphael's forehead.

"I will not kill thou here. Instead, I will do unto thee what thou hath done to me. I will erase thy memories of my existence. A cold terror shall follow thee wherever ye go. A sensation of death will be all that thou remembereth of our battle today, and someday, when I am ready, I will return to finish what I started."

Raphael stares into Samael's eyes. "No... do not take my memories from me! Bastard! Such a fate is worse than death!"

"Hypocrite," Samael murmurs. In thy final moments, thou feareth a fate ye once foisted upon others. How pathetic thou hath become in thy old age."

Raphael's eyebrows contort furiously as his wrath-filled eyes gaze into Samael's. "No! NO!! I won't allow it! If I cannot scatter thy soul to the Great Beyond, then... I have only ONE method left to halt thy evil machinations!"

Suddenly, Raphael's eyes behind to glow. The old man's hair stands on end, and Samael gasps.

"No... no! Raphael! That technique was one thou forbade! Bastard! Of all the evil-"

"SILENCE!!" Raphael screeches. "Thy soul is MINE now, Samael! Mine!!"

Veins bulge all across the old man's body. A moment later, a beam of light fires from his eyes and slams into Samael's head. The Archangel of Change gasps involuntarily as the light transforms into a five-fingered hand formed of holy energy. It grabs onto Samael's head and begins to tug and yank. Sweat rapidly condenses on the bodies of both Archangels, and both of them grit their teeth in determination.

Raphael's clones all vanish. The world of illusions fades away, returning Satan and Samael to the physical realm. Satan's eyes turn to saucers as he watches the hand of light trying to pull _something_ out of Samael's head. "Spawn of a broodmother! Samael! What's happening?! Fight him, devil-damnmit!"

Panic appears in Satan's eyes as he watches both Archangels straining to do... _something_. He hasn't the faintest clue what's happening, but the terror on Samael's face appears genuine.

"It's... a... forbidden... GAHH!" Samael howls in pain. Something immaterial begins to pull from his skull, causing his body to shudder. Samael wheezes and chokes as he tries to fight his brother. "I... can't... fight him alone... Satan! Help me... help me... his soul... too strong..."

"Hah... haha..." Raphael chuckles breathlessly. His laugh is one of anger and anguish. "To think my... my little brother... would make me engage in a soul battle..."

"A move of desperation..." Samael gasps. He pulls his head back and uses all of his strength to gain a few inches against his brother's fist of light. "Grrgh... Satan! Come... come here! Hurry!"

Satan nods. Immediately, he coils his legs and prepares to pounce at Raphael. "Don't worry, Sammy-boy! I'll kill him while he's vulner-"

"NO!!" Samael screams. Panic sets in his voice. "If Raphael dies... dies during a soul battle, I will, too! No, q-quickly, come to me!"

Satan nods. A second later, he jumps to Samael's side. "What can I do to help?!"

Raphael's breathing quickens. His eyes fixate on Satan and begin to tremble. "Samael... seeking aid from an outsider... how... p-pathetic..."

"Place thy hand... upon... upon my back!" Samael wheezes. His body sags slightly as Raphael continues to pull something out of Samael's skull. "I can't... hold on... much longer! He nearly has my soul!"

"Your soul?! Oh, shit!"

Satan finally realizes what's happening.

_The old man is trying to tear the soul out of Samael's body! If he succeeds, Samael will instantly die! If Raphael had such a powerful technique, why didn't he use it sooner?! It must have an unbearable downside of some sort._

Satan doesn't hesitate. He places his hand on Samael's back. "Okay! Now what?!"

A huge rush of energy leaves Satan reeling. The Devil lurches forward and sags against Samael's body as several millennia of weariness assault him. Satan loses strength in his arms and legs, but Samael's voice snaps him to reality.

"Do not falter, Satan! Rise!"

Unlike before, Samael's voice booms vigorously. He stands up straight and quickly yanks his soul back to his body. 

Samael laughs. "Hahaha! Brilliant, Raphael! I've exposed thy true colors today! I've truly done it!"

Raphael's posture weakens. The old man staggers under his brother's overwhelming power. As Samael regains his footing, Raphael loses his. The old man's hand of light begins to falter. 

"I... what... happened? How did..."

Samael cackles. "Hahaha! Thy soul is truly the strongest among all the Archangel's brother. However... What thou dost possess in quality, Satan makes up for in _quantity._ Millions of demons signed his soul contracts. However, while Satan spent the last few years 'revising' the contracts, there was _one little clause_ he left in."

Raphael stares at Samael in disbelief. The old man's eyes flutter as he tries to retreat. He ceases his attack on Samael's soul and retracts his hand of light back into his eyes, only to slump in Samael's grasp.

"Satan's contracts allow him to retain the souls of all demons who perish after signing his contracts. How many hundreds of thousands, perhaps even millions, have died today, hmm?"

Samael gloats as Raphael's strength vanishes entirely. Sweat coats Raphael's skin, causing his eyes to glaze over.

Satan withdraws his hand from Hiraldo's back. He stares at his palm for a moment before wiping his forehead.

"Fucking hell, Samael. You gave me a hell of a scare."

"My apologies," Samael replies. He smiles at Satan, then gestures toward his brother's limp body. "To deceive one's enemies, they must first deceive their allies. Thy fear intensified Raphael's overconfidence, allowing me to defeat him."

Satan nods. The sounds of war in the distance quickly reach his ears, waking him from his stupor. "We've been fighting for too long. If you're gonna kill the old man, do it quick. We need to hurry and help the others."

Samael shakes his head.

"Nay. As I told Raphael, death is a mercy too pleasant for one as wicked as he. I will wipe my appearance here today from Raphael's memories and change myself into a dark specter. I cannot erase myself from his mind, but my powers allow me to change his perception of reality to something more suitable."

"E-evil... little... brother..." Raphael gurgles. Tears bubble in his eyes, but with all his strength sapped from losing the Soul Battle; he cannot move his hands even an inch to wipe them away.

Samael sighs. "Gaze not upon the sliver in my eye, but the log within thine. If I am evil, then thy wickedness can only be described as immeasurable. Sleep now, eldest brother."

The Archangel of Change closes his eyes. He pulls Raphael near and gestures with his hands, then presses both palms against the sides of Raphael's head.

Raphael twitches as Samael's magic enters his mind. The eldest Archangel's eyes close, and he begins to spasm as Samael works his magic. Finally, Samael opens his eyes and tosses Raphael aside like a sack of garbage. The old man spins in midair and lands in the dirt with a sickening _crunch_.

"We can't leave him alive..." Satan mutters. "I should crush his head. With his powers, my battle strength will rise immeasurably."

Samael shakes his head. "Nay. Archangels possess unthinkable amounts of holy energy within ourselves. Shoulds't thou absorbeth Raphael's soul directly, his holy energy would likely atomize thy body from the inside-out. Thy death would prove quite gruesome."

Satan scoffs. "Then why was I able to absorb _you?!_ Sounds like you're pulling that explanation out of your ass!"

Samael taps his lip. "Thy blood contract must have done something to nullify my holy energy. After all, he who signs the Devil's contract becomes unable to harm his new master."

"Hmph. Whatever."

Satan crosses his arms. Turning around, he looks in every direction to survey the chaos surrounding them. Already, with the Archangel of Wisdom laying near-dead on the ground and the Devil standing nearby, several warrior angels have turned to gaze at them in horror.

"What now, Samael?" Satan asks. He turns to look at Hiraldo pointedly. "You ain't inside of me, anymore. Are we still allies, or are we about to butt heads?"

"Of course we're still comrades," Samael replies. "I can no longer consider myself an angel. I don't wish to associate with the likes of those who slew my brothers and sisters. But neither am I a demon, a Titan, nor anyone else. I am..."

Several seconds pass. Nearby cherubs begin to congregate together. They eye their eldest brother fixatedly, intending to rush in and rescue him, but they keep their distance for the moment to eyeball Satan. How powerful is the Devil that he was able to dispatch the highest Archangel?

Samael's eyes shine with insight. "Ah. That's it. No longer will I call myself by my angelic name. Instead, I shall wholeheartedly adopt my nickname, the one given to me by the dragons."

Satan raises an eyebrow. "Hades?"

"Aye. From this day forward, never call me by my holy moniker. For the rest of eternity, everyone will know me as Hades, father of Dragons."

"Dragonborn?" Satan adds.

"Let's not go that far."

Satan chuckles. 

Hades smirks.

Suddenly, a chill descends on Hades and Satan. Satan's eyes shift and refocus onto someone standing behind the former Archangel.

"Huh? WHAT THE-?!"

"Hello, Satan." A raggedly-clothed demon hisses.

Valac, Emperor of the Damned, raises his scythe to impale Hades. The instant he swings, Hades blocks the assassination attempt with a Vector, then cooly tilts his head back to smile at the Grim Reaper.

"Ah, Valac. I recognized thy stench from a mile away. Dids't thou enjoyeth the show?"

Valac teleports away and reappears before Satan and Hades. His hood covers his face, but Heaven's Light comes from all directions at once. His mottled, twisted, and partially melted bones give him a frightening appearance.

"Somewhat," The Reaper replies. His voice, far more reserved than when Satan last heard it, creaks like the floor of an old log cabin. Valac's empty eye sockets fixate on Satan and Hades, but also upon Raphael laying at their feet. "An Archangel's soul should taste quite delicious; snatching him away would prove quite ambitious."

Hades doesn't budge an inch. "My brother must live to walk another day, Reaper. If thou dost plan to tear out his soul, I will defend him."

Satan takes a step forward. "Forget the old man! How the HELL did you survive, Valac?! We blew up your soul!"

Valac tilts his head slightly toward Satan. Slowly, deliberately, he raises a bony hand to scrape against his melted skull.

"Kss. My suffering; eternal. Not external; internal. Samael attacked me most adeptly; he struck my soul directly. With my soul in ruins, I hid in seclusion; a substitution was needed, an infusion was required. After I rebuilt myself, to my dwelling, I retired."

Satan purses his lips. "So you survived after all. Damn. You're a hardy little cunt."

"Indeed..." Valac murmurs. The Grim Reaper clutches his scythe even tighter. From the depths of his soul, two red points of light appear in his eye sockets. "Today... I have a mission. Those who stand in my way... I will beat them into submission."

"Try if ye like," Hades murmurs. "But if that mission includes my brother's soul, thou shalt perish before laying a hand on him."

Valac raises his head. With a motion of his hands, he summons an undead demoness from underground. 

"Unlikely."

Satan's jaw drops as a familiar face rises to greet him.

"Nerissa?!"