Part 105: Uzziel's Lament
Part 105: Uzziel's Lament

I appear inside of Uzziel's body once again, and lightly tap Uriel's unconscious face as she rests in my lap. "Uriel... wake up, sister. Please."

Uriel mumbles something incoherent. "Nnn- mngh..."

Lifting my head, I scan my surroundings. Several dozen naked Titans surround me, each one twenty-five to fifty feet tall. Hercules is the only one wearing clothes, and by far the shortest of them all. He sits on a stump with his palms pressed together, his chin lightly resting on the tips of his fingers. His posture is that of someone praying, but his eyes are wide open, fixated on the headless body lying before him. Megara's corpse lies beneath a white sheet, light blood stains spilling through its top.

"Your sister might not move for a while," The Titan says emotionlessly, his voice completely monotone. "That she-devil hit our minds with horrific images. It's a miracle I didn't fall unconscious too. Yes. A miracle. That's what it was."

Hercules never takes his eyes off Megara. One of his shorter comrades, a brown-haired Titan with a shaven face standing twenty-five feet tall, kneels beside him and rests a giant hand against his back.

"Megara will stay with us in our hearts, brother. Know that we are here for you, for anything you need."

"Can you bring my wife back, Moros? No? Then it doesn't matter. There's nothing you can give me that will ease the agony in my chest, the burning in my blood. For three hundred years, Megara stood by my side. I cannot imagine another taking her place. She was my first, my all, my everything."

Moros pulls his hand away. "Sorry, cousin. I cannot fathom your pain. That was rude of me."

Hercules lowers his hands. He shakes his head slowly. "No. Don't blame yourself. Blame the demons. They killed Megara. Their leader, Satan, did. I'll never forget the look of joy on his face when he... when he..."

Hercules pauses. He chokes raw emotion back in his throat, then lifts his gaze slightly to look at me.

"Why did you retreat, Uzziel? I felt it. The ancient power of the Titans exploded inside my heart. I was about to kill all of them."

I blink twice. "Exactly for that reason. I'm sorry, child of the Earth. I was thy eye in the sky, but I failed to protect Megara. If thou hads't unleashed thy power during thy moment of utmost grief, verily, thou would have perished. The demons outnumbered thee."

Hercules' gaze hardens. "Do you think dying would have troubled me? Megara is gone. Those red-skinned bastards took the one person I loved most in this world from me. I care not for my life, not anymore. No matter what it takes, I will hunt her killer down. I will crush him into _dust._"

The Titan clenches his hand into a fist. He squeezes it with such force that his joints pop.

I quietly brush my fingers through Uriel's hair, soothing her as best as I can. Her body twitches. Her eyes press shut forcefully, leaking a few tears out. She appears to be enduring a terrible nightmare.

"Revenge... revenge is not the way, young one. I know what it means to lose someone precious. The demons forced my beloved brother to attack us. He killed himself to protect us, yet I feel the weight of his death upon my shoulders. 'Twas I who killed Samael. I may not have plunged a blade into his chest, but my negligence resulted in his death. I can never change the past. I cannot bring him back."

Uzziel shivers.

"For a moment... during the fight... I felt a deep hatred in my chest. Every fiber of my being screamed out in rage. I wanted nothing more than to kill Satan, Lucifer, and all the rest. I could have done it. T'would have been a simple matter."

Moros, Hercules' older brother rubs his chin. "If you could, why not? That would have been just."

"Would it? One life for another?" Uzziel closes her eyes. Darkness engulfs my vision. "Violence is a cycle. That is what Raphael has told me. The demons kill Samael; I kill them, and then they kill me. The only way to break such a cycle is by using love."

Hercules scoffs. "Love. You wish for me to forgive my wife's murderer?"

"No. I won't forgive the demons, and neither should thee. However, I also refuse to spread hate. No matter what it takes, I won't repeat the actions of my enemies. I won't incite a war. Hatred begets hatred, and death, death."

Uzziel opens her eyes. She motions with her hands to send a bit of mana into Uriel's body. Uriel stops twitching and steadies her breathing.

"Right now, thy anger and rage are at their most potent. As a Titan, thy killing potential lies in the intensity of thy emotions. That is how I created thy kind, after all. Thy purpose was to help angels slay the ancient dragons. The best way to kill a dragon is via a single, concentrated attack. However, in a sustained battle, one where thy initial attack fails to annihilate the enemy, thy mana will deplete to nothing. In short, the demons would slay thee shortly after thou destroyeth their initial attackers. 'Twould be a futile waste of thy life. Megara would not wish for thee to suffer such a fate."

The Archangel finishes. Hercules exhales quietly through his nose.

A minute of silence follows.

Hercules speaks again; his voice more measured. "I keep reliving the moment that bastard killed her; the look on his face as he smiled gleefully. He butchered a defenseless woman in cold blood. No honor. No mercy. How could you create such cruel creatures?"

Uzziel sighs.  "I didn't. I conceived my children to be playful and carefree. Something corrupted them along the way. Perhaps my family's treatment of them was to blame. Perhaps their shift was because of the one who empowered them. Such darkness is present in all beings if given enough soil to sprout."

Several moments pass. Uzziel mutters under her breath, "...Even I am not immune to the corruption of hatred and despair."

Uriel stirs. Her eyes blink open, and the Archangel of Protection coughs weakly. "Ahh... hurts... sister? Is that you?"

"Aye. 'Tis me. Art thou alright, Uriel?" Uzziel says, gently stroking her sister's face. 

Compared to her usual strong appearance, seeing Uriel lying in such a vulnerable position sends a pang of worry through my mind. I never pictured her as anything but an Amazonian warrior, yet here she appears at the edge of sanity. Her body lies limp in Uzziel's arms. She tries to shift her body, but her energy seems to diminish the more she moves.

"...Horrible. Samael. He blamed me. He said it was my fault. I couldn't beat him. He kept hurting me. All the others laughed at me... they called me weak..."

Uriel babbles incoherently about her dreams. Uzziel frowns. "The demoness struck thee with a magical attack, causing thee to plummet to the Earth. I barely caught thee in time. Thou must have suffered a terrible nightmare."

"No, no, no..." Uriel whispers. A tear streams down her face. "...It wasn't a dream. I saw Samael. I felt his fists. Every blow was as real as could be. It was awful. I begged him to stop, but he kept hitting me. He hurt me for a day... a month... maybe even a year. He broke every bone, over and over. How could my brother be so cruel? I thought... I thought he loved me..."

Hercules shakes his head slowly. "I know of what she speaks. During the battle, the demoness attacked me. That third eye... it caused me to see visions — terrible hallucinations. I watched my father and family die as my kingdom burned to the ground. It felt like several days passed, but in reality, only a moment did."

Uzziel licks her lips slowly. "In that case, it seems Lucifer possesses magic involving mental manipulation. She inflicts torture on her enemies by attacking their thoughts. How... how awful."

"It wasn't a nightmare. It wasn't. It wasn't..." Uriel babbles to herself, finally gathering enough strength to raise a hand. She tries to wipe a tear off her face, but her arm gives out midway, and she slaps herself instead. "Aaoo..."

Hercules grabs one of his sleeves and rips it off, then tosses it to Uzziel. "Here."

"My thanks," Uzziel replies. She dabs gently at Uriel's face. "You're okay now, beloved sister. The demons are gone. Let me help you up."

I lean forward, prop Uriel up, and wrap my arms around her in a gentle hug. Uriel's sagging body feels lighter than it should. She doesn't pull away or protest, but instead leans her head back against my shoulder.

"Why must we suffer?" Uriel asks. "Why do the demons torture us? Why make me relive my greatest regret?"

Uzziel's eye twitches slightly. "We attacked them, sister. Verily, thou dids't ambush them. Their actions were in self-defense. I cannot in good faith blame them for underhanded tactics... though I also wish thou hadn't remembered such awful images."

Moros, silent until now, speaks up. "These demons fight cruelly. Attacking the mind, whether with magic or words, is the mark of a coward. I would see them all slaughtered and beaten for their evil ways."

"Same, brother," Hercules replies. He glances around at the other Titans, all of them standing or sitting silently without moving. They appear like giant statues, unable to move unless something awakens them. "I should expect that when my father hears news of Megara's passing, he will finish assembling our people and mount a counter-assault against the demons. Above all else, we owe a blood-debt to Satan. We must pay it back in full."

Suddenly, a cry from the forest jolts the hearts of everyone nearby. "Ahhh!!"

Someone's voice, female, shrieks in the distance — another Titan. Everyone present, save for me, leaps to their feet. Hercules spins on his heel, a look of trepidation etched into his face. "What was that?"

"That voice. It sounded like Selene's!" One of the Titans nearby balls his hand into a fist. "Quickly! Everyone to arms! Someone must be attacking her! It has to be the Reaper!"

The sudden change in atmosphere is jarring. The Titans, once silent monoliths looming over my tiny body, transform into unstoppable juggernauts. A fire lights in their hearts as the naked men and women wrap their hands around trees, tearing them from the ground to use as makeshift clubs.

Hercules' snarls viciously. "Damn! I won't lose another family member!" He grabs hold of his robes and tears them off, along with his pants and the rest of his clothes. Going commando, the young Titan leaps atop Moros's shoulder. "Go, brother. I'll help!"

Uzziel's eyes dart all over the place. As the Titans leave, a sudden feeling of dread washes through her heart.

_If it's a demon attack, then... I can't stay here alone! I'm exposed! I must protect Uriel!_

Uzziel's panic subsides. An eerie calm descends over her as she lays Uriel on the ground and motions with her hands.

"Mother Earth, swallow us whole. I leave this fight to the Titans. We must return home to warn my brothers of the demons' wicked ways."

A sickening sensation of falling envelops me. The ground opens up beneath Uriel and me as I fall backward, screaming internally while the dirt rains against my face to bury me alive.

Uzziel, however, isn't bothered in the slightest. She is the Earthmother. Living inside the Earth is a simple matter for her.

The world goes black, and I feel my mind leave hers once again.