[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxe-6s1Of0s)

A month has passed since Amelia crippled me.

Once again, as part of my daily routine, Phoebe carefully leans me forward to rest my chin on a handcrafted wooden device. The custom-carved implement allows her to set me up in bed so she can wash my back and body. She loops my arms through the front to help support my weight, and I feel her breath in my ear as she leans close and presses the cold sponge against my skin.

Her soft humming, gentle as always, soothes me. I'm beginning to recover my sense of touch throughout my body, but only a little. My right arm and hand are just about all that I can move of my own volition, but I can't perform any delicate tasks. They're both so numb that moving them around is mostly guesswork.

"I'll read you another story later, okay? Would you like that?" 

Phoebe keeps her voice low, and I cough twice to answer. "Kuh. Kuh."

Phoebe likes to read to me for several hours a day. A week or so after my paralysis, Kar found a cache of books in Bahamut's library. Most of them are dry, tedious descriptions of monster and demon physiology and none of them strike me as creative literature, but Phoebe's soft, gentle voice makes listening to them bearable.

A man named Neil Adams pops in to say hello occasionally. I don't know him, but based on his conversations with Phoebe, I've gathered that he's one of Bahamut's ex-slaves. He and Phoebe share some vague memories of their time living under the Sphinx, but neither of them likes to discuss Bahamut unless necessary.

Of course, Kar also visits from time to time, but aside from him and Neil, nobody else has so much as sent a get-well-soon card. Phoebe never explicitly states the obvious, but I get a sense that many people are disappointed in me. The almighty Hero who solved Bahamut's riddle has become an invalid; one who can only lie in bed and choke.

How can I blame them? I'm useless. I might as well be dead, for all the use I am.

Despite my dark thoughts on the matter, Phoebe doesn't mind even in the slightest. The diaper I wear now was at first a source of incredible embarrassment, and I cried several times knowing she would probably mock me, but this gentle soul never once said anything disparaging about my situation.

Her sweetness is more than a simple lack of mockery. I've come to realize that Phoebe somehow feels fulfilled when she cares for me, as though she wants to be needed by someone, and I'm an outlet for her emotions.

"La la la..." Phoebe cleans my back from top to bottom, and after she finishes, she pats me down with a towel. "There we go... there we go... nice and clean. Doesn't that feel good?"

She crawls behind me and rubs my back, pressing her hands softly against my tender muscles. I'm already beginning to feel the effects of atrophy, given my body never stretches or exercises. It probably won't be long before I can't move around even if Kar does find a healer.

_Like that's going to happen._ 

Suddenly, Phoebe surprises me. She wraps her arms around me and leans forward, pressing herself against my back. "Your Grace... Sir Jason... I spoke to Kar today. He can't... he can't find anyone who will help you. I don't know what to say." She leans forward and rests her chin on my shoulder. I feel her heart beating against mine. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry."

_Don't blame yourself, Phoebe,_ my mind says. _It's not your fault. I'm glad you're here with me._

Every time Kar shows up, Phoebe's voice fills with hope, only for her mood to crash when he reveals the bad news. No demons are willing to heal me. I'm a Hero, after all, and while he assures Phoebe they don't know that fact, it's unlikely a demon would care in the slightest about healing a human.

If not a demon, who _could_ heal me? Do humans exist with technology that could repair my shattered spine? If someone could fix my throat, I might be able to do the rest with my Wordsmithing.

Phoebe's hands press against my chest. My gut aches from grief. I wish I could embrace her back. She says she should have been there to protect me from Amelia, but what could she have done? Amelia's strength is superhuman, exceeding the logical. It's better that I'm paralyzed instead of Phoebe.

She's a gentle person, a kind soul. Too good for me. What have I done to deserve someone like her in my life?

Phoebe pulls away. _Don't go,_ I plead in my mind, but she can't hear me. Her voice catches. "Okay. Time to clean your front, Jason."

.................................

An hour later, Phoebe yawns audibly and leans me back in bed. I can practically hear her eyes blinking as she pulls the wooden implement away and tucks me in.

The familiar sound of a well-worn book cracking open catches my attention. Phoebe yawns again. "Ahh, sorry, Your Grace. I didn't sleep well last night."

_You don't have to read if you're too tired,_ I think to myself. 

She doesn't hear me.

Phoebe begins to read a book regarding different subspecies of Gorgons. "The Medusa is a variant of the Gorgon that only appears every five generations. Her appearance is noted for having... having snakes instead of hair. The hair is both a defensive weapon, and a method for consuming nutrients, given..." She yawns again and pauses for a few seconds before continuing. This is the third time in a week she's started to doze off while reading.

"...given the Medusa's inability to consume sustenance through her mouth as most other monsters do. Her snakes are a precious tool, and their bite is highly... highly venomous. It has been said that one bite from... ahh..."

A silence follows. Phoebe whispers, "S-sorry. I'm... I need to rest my eyes for a bit." The shifting of the bed as she leans her face on it makes me smile. A few minutes later, her breathing evens out as she rests on the bed beside me.

I move my right arm forward, slowly, uncertain of its position in the environment around me. When I reach her head, I carefully lower it. I can barely make out the sensation of her hair under my hand, and I stroke it carefully, trying hard not to wake her up.

Considering my options, I'm probably stuck in this bed for the rest of my life. I'll eventually have to accept my fate, but what about Phoebe? No matter the guilt she feels, caring for my pathetically broken husk will wear thin eventually. She'll leave me, once she realizes a future with a vegetable is no way to live. If I were on life support, I'd cut the power to save her the trouble.

Before I entered the Cryopod, I was a leech on society. What has changed? Nothing. I'm as useless now as I was before.

Phoebe's shallow breaths seem to fill the whole room. I can't hear the outside world at all. No children playing, servants working, warriors training, swords clashing, or any other sound.

When my life ends, I can only pray I will pass away quickly. I can't dwell on my past forever.

I just...

I wish I hadn't deserted Hoarhiim.

.................................

At some point, I must have dozed off, because when I wake up, I hear Phoebe flipping pages quietly. My glowing eyes catch her attention, and she closes the book. "Did you have a good nap, Your Grace?"

"Kuh. Kuh."

"I'm pleased to hear that." I can almost feel the smile in her voice. "Um, when I woke up, your hand was on my head. W-were you trying to wake me up?"

"Kuh."

"So... you just wished to touch me?"

Her phrasing makes me blush. I don't know why I wanted to stroke her hair... I just did it. Maybe that was the wrong move.

"Kuh. Kuh."

My heart skips several beats as the seconds crawl past. Phoebe doesn't say anything. After a full minute, she exhales. "I'm glad. You know, I've never had a purpose in life. When I was a child, I wanted to be more than just a wife or a maid, so I put all my energy into knight training. Women weren't allowed to do such things, so I had to train in total secrecy. Imagine my surprise when the king himself, Arthur, took notice of me one day and challenged me to a swordfight. He must have seen me training behind his castle, but when we fought, he knocked me down in just fifteen seconds."

I stare at the blackness around me. _Phoebe's more talkative than usual. I don't mind. I'd like to know more about her._

She pauses, and a lilt of sadness creeps into her voice. "I felt ashamed, worthless. The king was going to put me to death. I knew women weren't allowed to use weapons unless their lives were in danger, but I did so anyway. Despite this, Arthur surprised me. He turned out to be a kind, sweet gentleman. If a demon threatened his land, Arthur would burn everything to the ground if it meant retribution for his countrymen, but for the people under him, he never once treated them as inferiors. He told me that since I had lasted three seconds longer in combat than the average man, I deserved a position of prestige. And so, he knighted me as the commander of his Silver Battalion."

_Arthur sounds like an excellent Hero,_ my mind says, somewhat bitterly. _If only I could be as extraordinary as him._

"You know, Jason..." Phoebe trails off for a moment before continuing. "You and Arthur are very similar. Well, you _were_ similar, I suppose. He died long ago, but all the qualities he had as a Hero, you also possess. Your kindness reminds me of him. When I'm around you, I feel... I feel as though I'm with the king, once more."

To my surprise, I feel warmth somewhere below my neck. It takes me a moment to recognize the sensation is emanating from my hand. Phoebe must be holding it again.

More silence follows, and I feel a sensation move across the top of my fingers. Phoebe strokes my hand slowly, over and over, tiring me and causing my eyes to flutter. I've begun to fall asleep more easily as of late. I can barely keep my mind awake for a few hours at a time. I wonder what that means? Perhaps death is coming for me ahead of schedule.

Phoebe pauses. The bed shakes slightly as she sits next time me. "Oh, this ring. I recognize it. Isn't this one of the rings Bahamut wore?"

I blink my eyes slowly. _Yes. Bahamut's ring. One of three, as I recall. I never bothered putting the other two on. I suppose, in the end, such an act would be pointless._

The feeling of exhaustion weighing on me clears up in an instant. _Wait, what am I saying? Those rings belonged to the Archangels! Where are the other two? Where are Michael and Raphael's rings?!_

I pull my hand away from Phoebe and slap it against my stomach. 

_Rings. They were in my pocket. No, Phoebe undressed me. Where did she put my clothes? Didn't I lose my clothes before I left with Amelia? I made a new shirt and pants, so where did my old clothes go?!_

"Kmungh- nguuuh!" I choke hoarsely, and my hand slaps my face as I fumble around. My mouth works just enough for me to swallow liquids, though my jaw lacks the strength to chew anything solid, but perhaps if I...

I navigate my hand to my mouth. _Ring finger. That's where I put Gabriel's band._

I slide half my hand into my mouth, and Phoebe cries out in alarm. "Your Grace?! Are you choking? Is something lodged in your throat?!"

_No, dammit! I'm trying to get my ring off!_ I carefully lick my fingers until I taste the brass band, then I slowly bite down until my incisors lock onto it. With a Herculean effort, I pull my hand away, and the ring comes off. It stays clenched between my top and bottom teeth, and Phoebe notices. "You wanted that ring off?"

"Kuh. Kuh."

"I see." She reaches forward and gently pulls it out of my mouth. I release it and let her have it. Several seconds pass as she examines the ring. "There's a word written here, but it's a language I don't understand."

_Gabriel. It's Gabriel's name. Curses! How do I tell her I need to find the other two rings?!_

Seconds pass. 

My mind races with options. I don't know why I want to try those rings, but I feel as though something is calling out to me.

A curious lilt enters Phoebe's voice. "Say, didn't Bahamut have two more rings just like this?"

"KUH! KUHH!" I nearly spit mucus everywhere as I choke out the affirmation. 

Phoebe picks up on my signals. "Do you know where the other two are?"

"Kuh."

"Do you want me to find them for you?"

"Kuh! Kuh!"

A sound of brass on wood pings to my right. "I'll set this one here on your dresser, Your Grace. I'm going to leave for a while. Perhaps I can find out where the other two went."

"Kuh. Kuh."

"As you wish."

Phoebe shuffles to the door, and a moment later, it creaks shut behind her.

I'm alone, now.

_Please, Phoebe. Find Raphael and Michael._

............................................

"Your Grace!" Phoebe's voice rings out in the silence of the room, jarring me awake. The paralyzation terror hits for the third time this week, only to fade after a moment. "I've found them!"

Phoebe walks over to the bed, followed by another set of footsteps. "Huk?" I lilt my choke slightly, and Phoebe picks up on my question. She's grown adept at understanding my signals.

"It's Neil Adams, your grace. The man in charge of the mines, as you may recall? He helped me track down one of the maids who had found the rings in the wash."

_Splendid,_ I think to myself. I smile as wide as I can, but it doesn't come out well.

Mr. Adams clears his throat. "Always a pleasure to be of service to the Hero, milord. I'm sorry it took us as many hours as it did, but the palace has quite a lot of staff."

Phoebe pulls her chair up next to the bed and touches my hand. "You wanted to wear the rings, isn't that correct?"

I pull my hand and fumble around to my side, trying to find Gabriel's ring, and Phoebe pulls my hand back onto the bed. "All you had to do was ask, Your Grace."

She slides Gabriel's ring off the dresser and places it on my ring finger. Before she can put the other two on, Adam takes a step forward. "Hold, lady Berthold. Please allow me to examine the bands."

Phoebe hesitates, unsure if it's okay to let him touch the Hero's artifacts, so I choke out a _yes, that's fine._ "Kuh. Kuh."

The sound of movement follows, and Adams mutters to himself. "Hmm, yes. These were Bahamut's rings, weren't they? The writing is in Latin, an archaic language. They each say Raphael and Michael, respectively."

More movement. Phoebe holds my hand up again, and a smile enters her voice. "Here you go, Your Grace."

The coldness of the first ring stings my middle finger. I choke out a gasp as a series of images flood the blackness of my vision.

............................................

Sometime later, I appear in an open clearing, where a small campfire crackles in the darkness of the night, four logs arranged around it for seating purposes. The stars twinkle above me, and a gentle breeze sways the trees in the distance.

An old man in white robes sits atop the far log and pokes the fire with a stick. His majestic white wings spread out five feet in every direction. A grey beard five inches long stretches down from his chin, nearly touching his knee due to how far forward he sits.

The old man doesn't look up at me as he reaches over and places a log in the fire. "How art thou, Jason Hiro? I see thou hath finally come to pay this old bag of bones a visit."

I nod dumbly and walk over to sit on the log across from him.

Without asking, I already know his name.

_Raphael._

For a full minute, neither of us speaks. I stare silently at Raphael, grateful to have the use of my eyes again. However, after he says nothing, I figure he must be waiting for me to talk first. "Raphael, I need your help."

"Mmm, yes, I imagined as much," Raphael replies. He yawns and pushes a log into the fire to give it some air. The embers crackle loudly for a second as some kindling shifts around.

"I'm paralyzed. I need to heal myself."

Raphael shakes his head slowly. "Oh, I don't think that is thy biggest problem, young Hero. The body can heal in an instant, but the mind is where pain lingers."

"What do you mean? Are you going to help me?"

"Patience, boy. We've time aplenty to spare. Art thou in a rush?"

"Somewhat. Then again, I've already spent a month in bed, so... maybe not?"

The old man clears his throat and rests his hands on his lap. "Hahaha... The young always move too quickly. Life is a never-ending dash when one is healthy. Occasionally one must slow down, breathe deeply, and ponder the path ahead."

"I've spent a month lying in bed. I think I've taken things pretty slow."

"Nay. 'Tis not the body, but the mind that determines thy restless nature. Things both small and large cause thee endless turmoil. For example, I wonder how many times thou hath flayed thyself over the event that caused thy paralysis."

I follow his gaze to the fire and bow my head. "I keep thinking I should have spoken to Amelia differently. I should have listened and asked her about her past."

"Perhaps. One will always make mistakes when he is in a hurry, hoho."

Raphael reaches behind his log and pulls out a brass flute. He doesn't play the instrument, but instead wipes it down with his robes, cleaning some dust from it. "When it comes to women, most men are terrible at listening. I expect a blunder from one as inexperienced with the opposite sex as thee."

"Th-thanks," I mutter, trying not to sound sarcastic.

"My pleasure."

The winged grandfather twiddles his beard for a few moments. "The angels are the most ancient of all species, Jason. Of them, I am the eldest. I've seen many things strange and wondrous. Few happenings surprise me."

I rub my eyes. "What do I do, Raphael? If you're old, you must be wise too. Can't you give me any pointers?"

"Wisdom is a word used to divide the young from the old. Simply because one is old, that does not make him wise, just as a youth may not necessarily be a fool. Everyone calls me the Archangel of Wisdom, but 'tis just a title, as Gabriel is the Archangel of Power, and Michael is the Archangel of Courage. I have plenty of courage to spare, similar to how Gabriel has wisdom and Michael, power."

This guy loves his word games. 

I clear my throat. "Well, you're probably smarter than me, right? How do I heal myself? How do I convince Amelia I'm her friend? How do I save humanity from the demons? How-"

Raphael holds up a palm. "Those are not the questions thou must ask, young Hero. Instead, look at the guilt welling up in thy heart. 'Tis a sore that will grow to engulf thy entire body. Thou dost blame thyself for Earth's destruction and humanity's present situation. In thy eyes, thou art a failure who has yet to measure up to the greatest heroes of the past."

I try not to look too miffed. "That sounds about right. You have me pinned perfectly."

"Of course I do. I'm old!" Raphael chuckles and sticks his flute back behind the log. "However, the heroes of the past are hardly the perfect deities ye imagine. All faced trials and tribulations that tested their mettle, their character, their morality, and their convictions."

"Oh yeah? What about Joan? She looked violent to me."

Raphael squints, and I feel the faint brush of something tickling my brain. "Ye saw a vision of Joan, eh? A courageous Hero, she was. While powerful, t'was her conviction to eradicate evil, no matter the cost, that allowed her to stand out from the crowd. Where some heroes may have stayed their blade and tried to convert an enemy to the light, Joan always hardened her heart. She cared little for her humanity, and instead sought to put every waking hour to the destruction of demonkind."

My mouth gapes open. "Joan sounds like a psychopath! Are you telling me that she murdered every demon in her path without mercy?!"

"Aye. Arthur faltered at times. Solomon was a peaceful soul. King David believed that righteousness existed in the hearts of all beings. But not Jeanne d'Arc. She believed that demons were contrary to the Creator, and that her duty was to purge them from the universe. In just a few short years, she slew tens of millions all by herself."

The air between us grows silent enough that I could hear a pin drop.

"That's... that's awful. She sounds like a monster!"

"A monster, aye, perhaps. The demons, desperate to halt Joan's rampage, pulled out all the stops to have other humans accuse her of heresy. They burned her at the stake before her 20th birthday."

"So that part was true? But how did Joan end up fighting Amelia if humans had killed her thousands of years before?"

Raphael's face turns grim. "Heroes, when they reached a certain threshold of power, tended to bind their life-force to an artifact. Solomon, for example, to his Crown. Joan, to the Sword of Heaven, her most treasured artifact. Thus, her soul survived the destruction of her flesh."

The memory of what happened hits me. "You mean... when Amelia touched the sword..."

"The Black Witch's malevolent evil activated the remnants of Joan's soul and released her from the Sword of Heaven. Joan was a purifier, one who would eliminate evil at any cost. She did not merely attack thy friend for no good reason."

A minute passes. I glower into the fire as bits and pieces of events fall into place. "Amelia murdered those goblins. She sought out the sword, and accidentally released Joan from it. Almost everything makes sense now."

"Almost?" Raphael leans back and pulls a smoking pipe from the folds of his robe. He drops some crushed leaves inside and lights it, then puffs a few smoke-rings into the air. "What confusion still befuddles thy mind?"

"Amelia never once acted the way she did in Hoarhiim's memory around me. She turned against me at the end, but... I think I deserved it."

"Ye deserved for a companion to paralyze thee and render ye defenseless? My, if she's the sort of person one calls a friend, I'd hate to meet thy enemies."

The old man chuckles again, but I don't. My head hurts from all this thinking.

"I need to face Amelia again, Raphael. I have to confront her. Will you help me? Is there a way to cure my paralysis?"

"Hm? Oh, yes, a simple matter."

The Archangel smiles but says nothing else. I wait for him to continue, but he doesn't.

"And that would be...?"

"I cannot heal thee, but Michael can. After Becky placed my ring on thy finger, time froze while we spoke. Soon she'll-"

"Phoebe. Her name is Phoebe."

He shrugs at my interruption. "Becky, Phoebe, same thing. I'm a forgetful old man. In any case, once ye leave, thou must meet the remaining Archangel. Michael may even prove wiser than I."

"I find that hard to believe."

"Believe what you will. I care not." Raphael puffs on his pipe again, and his voice grows cold. "All the angels are dead, Child of Gaia, and the Titans as well. Chains bind humanity. The demons may seem to rule on high, but they are hardly the greatest threat to life as we know it. In time, thou shalt learn of an enemy beyond the Demon Emperors. Stay on the alert. Our abilities as Archangels are but a fraction of their former power. We will be of little help to thee in the future."

Before saying my goodbyes, a question remains. I rub my hands together. "Say, Raphael?"

"Yes?"

"Why didn't Joan kill Amelia? I mean, you said Joan was a murderous Hero who always slew evil... but she left Amelia alive."

The Archangel stares at me, a grim look in his eyes. "Joan hated demons. Not humans. No matter how evil the Black Witch was, Joan would never kill someone of her species. When her fellow humans burned her alive, she went willingly, believing her death was the will of the Creator. She was vicious and violent, yet loving and kind."

"That's quite the contrast."

The old man sticks some fresh plants in his pipe's bowl. "Thou aren't wrong."

I watch Raphael puff on his pipe for a minute, then I stand up and bow graciously. "Thank you, Archangel of Wisdom. You've helped me greatly."

"And thou hath given me the best conversation in a long time! Drop by more often! Don't leave an old man to suffer in loneliness!"

"Ehehe, I'll do my best, grandpa."

....

Several moments later, the world fades away, and the darkness of my unseeing eyes takes over. Phoebe fumbles with my fingers for a moment. "Did you see that, Mr. Adams? He arched his back for a split second."

"Are you certain? I saw nothing of the sort." The man's gruff voice overpowers hers, and Phoebe coughs meekly.

"Perhaps t'was my imagination. Well, I'll put on the next ring, then."

The third band settles onto my index finger, and I shiver as a wave of coldness envelops me. A chilling blizzard wraps itself around my hand and travels up my arm to my heart.

The world fades away, and a different name appears in my mind.

_Michael._

............................................

A frigid breeze blows across a grassy plain. October's sunlight shines down, preventing the land from freezing, though Mother Nature does her best to hush the greenery to sleep. 

Winter is coming. 

A nearby lake lies still, and the occasional duck flaps around, quacking in the water. Deer and Antelope graze next to a nearby forest, and the sound of a goat braying on the other side of a nearby hill somehow seems relaxing. These are not just the sounds of animals, but animals from Earth. My home.

I shiver unexpectedly and feel a small bit of frostburn on the tips of my ears. If I stay in this cold for long, I probably won't be able to wake up.

"H-hello? Muh-Michael?" My stammering voice is a squeak in the wind, barely audible even to me. A maelstrom surges, piercing every layer of my clothing and knocking me to the ground as I try to withstand winter's onslaught. Snow pours from the sky, as though the North Pole's floodgates have suddenly opened. Within seconds, two inches of snow build around and on top of me. The animals flee to the forest for safety, but it's too far away for me. I'm alone.

_I'm going to freeze to death in a mental hallucination! What the fuck?! Where's Michael?!_

As if my mental voice is a mighty horn beckoning across the plains, warmth surges from the hill next to me. A slow glance upward reveals a bright light atop the grassy hillock. A single man, wearing a crown of thorns, stares down at me.

"Art thou cold, young one?"

My teeth chatter. "Y-y-yeah."

"Warmth pours from me. Come closer. The snow will melt if ye enter my aura."

"I-I c-can't... m-move... too... c-cold..."

My body locks up. The slight warmth Michael gives off isn't enough to melt the snow around me. I might die within seconds if I can't get a move on!

"Dost thee lack courage, or perhaps conviction? Thy current predicament is a simple trial, a test of thy willpower. If thou cannot force thyself to stand, then perhaps ye deserve to die."

I blink in surprise. "What- what are you saying? I thought... aren't you Jesus Christ? Aren't you supposed to be kind and compassionate?!"

Michael holds his hand up, and a massive two-headed lion crawls up the peak beside him and rolls around in the grass playfully. "Kindness and compassion can take many forms. Some would call my trial 'tough love,' young Hero. Listen to thyself. Art thou still shivering?"

A quick breath escapes my lips. 

Michael is right. I don't feel cold anymore. In fact, I'm halfway up the hill. When did I get here? Did I crawl?

"I'm not cold, no. Why... what...?"

Michael gazes past me at the forest across the lake. The wind slowly dies down, and the sun begins melting the snow. A single deer peeks through the trees, checking to see if it's safe to come out.

"Have ye ever sacrificed a part of thyself for someone else, Hero?"

_Yes,_ I want to say, but I pause to think about it. "No."

"Hath thee ever gone out of thy way to help someone, even if it greatly inconvenienced thee?"

"...Not really."

Michael looks me right in the eye. "The defining trait of a Hero is self-sacrifice. A Hero must have the courage to wound themselves, even if their actions will only save the life of one person."

I nod dumbly, unsure of what he means. "That sounds about right, but I don't see what you're driving at."

Michael bows his head. "When the angels and gods were at their weakest, I knew it wouldn't be long before the demons launched a final assault and killed us all. Death is everlasting to an immortal, and incomprehensibly more painful than to a mortal. A mortal might live a hundred years, but an angel will live forever. Losing an eternity with those I loved was the price I was willing to pay if it meant they could go on without me."

"Is that why you're known as the Archangel of Courage?"

Michael closes his eyes. A single tear squeezes out and drips down to his robes. "I was terrified. I stood firm, so those I cared about wouldn't fret, but in truth, 'twas the hardest thing I ever did. The only thing that would have hurt more would have been killing my closest friend."

A shock like electricity arcs down my spine. "Killing your closest friend? Wait! You don't mean..."

"Amelia, thy companion, slew many members of my family. She is not the innocent child thou dost think she is. I know thy thoughts and thy past, Hero. Thy childhood was lonely and devoid of companions. Nobody loved thee. Upon meeting Amelia, thou didst harden thy heart and pretend not to care, but secretly, thy thoughts dwelt on her. Thy feelings for her might be pure, but she is corrupt. Few beings exist who have sunk to similar depths of depravity as the Black Witch."

Michael wipes his tears away and hardens his gaze. "Whether ye lack conviction or courage, one thing is for certain. Hero, thou must kill the monster posing as a woman. Joan lacked the courage to sacrifice her morality. She was unwilling to kill another human being, and as such allowed the Black Witch to survive to today. However, Amelia is still weak. The demons won't dare to strike at her, fearing her powers, but her weakness is known to thee. Thou hath the power and the obligation to strike her down, where others will not."

Cautiously, I stand up and take a step back from the Archangel. "You... you want me to _kill_ her? I-I can't just kill someone! That's awful!"

"Death is a way of life," Michael snaps. "Thou hath already spent a month with thy new companion, Phoebe. She cares deeply for thee, but if ye allow the Black Witch to roam free, Phoebe will be in grave danger, along with the rest of humanity. Phoebe is willing to fall on her sword should thou ask, but have ye the same conviction as she? Art thou willing to sacrifice thy morals to save thy friends?"

"Amelia is my friend too!" Anger roars into my voice. "Just because I've spent more time with Phoebe doesn't mean I value Amelia's friendship less! What the hell kind of Archangel are you, anyway? You talk about death more flippantly than the Archangel of Power! Even Gabriel has more respect for life than you do!"

Michael glowers at me for a moment before looking away. His eyes soften. "Perhaps you're right. In a way, it takes a different sort of courage to choose one's morality over the lives of others. Still, tell me, Hero... dost thee care about Phoebe? She stays at thy side when others do not. She devotes herself to thee fully. If ye had to choose, would ye save her life, or Amelia's?"

"That's an awful question," I counter. "I have Wordsmithing. Maybe I can do both. You don't know."

"I don't," Michael admits. "But if thou can accomplish such a feat, thou wouldst be the first. One cannot merely pacify evil. The hammer of righteousness must crush darkness wherever it appears."

Michael trails off, and my gaze wanders. A glance down at my feet reveals flowers sprouting in the grass below me. Somehow, winter has passed, and spring has arrived. How long have we been talking?

"The only problem with that statement, Michael, is that evil can be very subjective. Maybe I don't consider myself a righteous paladin ready to crush demons under my boot. Even if I did, I refuse to believe what others say about Amelia until I see her supposed evil nature for myself."

Michael keeps his voice low. "A fool learns only from his mistakes, but a wise man learns from the mistakes of others. One may choose whatever path they please, but I pray, for thy sake, that thou dost not regret thy choice."

After a moment, the Archangel walks down to me. When he draws closer, I can't help but notice that I'm a little taller than him. "I will heal thy shattered spine, Hero. Before leaving, however, know this: Thou art the last Hero. Due to the extinction of the angels and Titans, the Heroic aura will no longer pass on to another after thy death. Please, I beg of thee to carefully consider the path ahead."

"I will, Michael. Of that much, you can be confident."

The Archangel walks behind me and inhales. "My power is limited, Hero. I can only help thee this one time. Take care to create safeguards for thyself, lest ye stumble into another unfortunate situation."

I nod and bow my head as his arms touch my back. An explosive pain erupts through my body, and tears of agony blast from my eyes like Niagara Falls. "AUGHHH!"

Michael releases me, and I fall to the ground, unable to control my arms and legs as they convulse erratically.

"Be strong, Hero."

Michael's last words fade as the mental world dissolves away.

A moment later, I scream a raspy, pained growl as several hands grab hold of me. The blackness around me becomes unbearable as I struggle to look at whoever is pinning me down. I can't control my limbs though, and every finger and toe squeezes together all at once.

"He's going into shock!" A man, likely Mr. Adams, yells in alarm. "Try to hold him down! He'll hurt himself otherwise!"

"Your Grace! Jason! Please, stop!"

Phoebe screams in fright and throws herself on me, but I can't control my flailing form. She wraps herself around my arms and holds them tightly, even as I unconsciously struggle to free myself. After several agonizing seconds, the pain in my body subsides as quickly as it arrived. I flop back down and gasp violently.

"Haah... haaahh..." My throat aches, but not in the way it did only minutes earlier. Phoebe pants quietly, and I feel the warmth of her breath on my face.

"Y-your Grace? Are- are you...?"

"Fah... I'm fah..." I choke and try to get the words out, but going a month without using my throat has left it dry and raspy. I take a moment to swallow, before replying. "I'm f-fine, Phoebe. Thank... thank you. Thank you for stopping me."

I can't see anything. I can only feel Phoebe's clothed body pressing against mine. A moment of silence follows before she climbs off of me. "I-I apologize for my impropriety, Your Grace."

"I... I didn't mind. Not at all," I say, suppressing a tiny smile. Cautiously, I lift my hand and squeeze, feeling vigor return to my body. My sense of touch is back. Slowly, I sit up and swivel my head around.

My vision remains black. I'm still blind.

"**Vision.**" I speak the word, but nothing happens.

"My liege?" Adams intones questioningly. "Have you recovered?"

"I have. The Archangels healed me."

This time, a huge smile crosses my face.

_I may be blind, but thanks to Michael, I can speak and move. I am grateful, Archangels. I won't waste your gifts._