**Author note: I have decided to rewrite Parts 91 to 97. I didn't like the way they were progressing or the perspectives I was using. For more context, please refer to [this post](https://old.reddit.com/r/TheCryopodToHell/comments/99ftol/cryopod_poll_should_i_restart_from_part_91/).**

**If anyone wants, they may read the original parts 91-97. I won't be deleting or overwriting them. You guys can be the judge whether my choice to rewrite is an improvement or not.**

**Parts: [91](https://old.reddit.com/r/TheCryopodToHell/comments/92unqc/early_release_part_91/), [92](https://old.reddit.com/r/TheCryopodToHell/comments/93yuvb/cryopod_refresh_92_the_creation_mythos/), [93](https://old.reddit.com/r/TheCryopodToHell/comments/950wsv/cryopod_refresh_93_dancing_with_the_devil/), [94](https://old.reddit.com/r/TheCryopodToHell/comments/95wjq8/cryopod_refresh_94_escape_from_heaven/), [95](https://old.reddit.com/r/TheCryopodToHell/comments/96p4i1/cryopod_refresh_95_the_impsurrection/), [96](https://old.reddit.com/r/TheCryopodToHell/comments/98kgdn/cryopod_refresh_96_titans/), [97](https://old.reddit.com/r/TheCryopodToHell/comments/99d9by/cryopod_refresh_97_soul_control/).**

**It shouldn't take me long to rewrite them. I spent 22 days writing them the first time, and most of that time was spent figuring out _how to frame them_, rather than _what would happen during the parts._ I think these new versions will be significantly more interesting and that I can post them much quicker.**

...............................................

Jason eased Daisy onto his ship's bed, tucking her in so she could take a nap. She drowsily mumbled something in her sleep about guns and demons, which he did his best to ignore. After tucking her in, he glanced at Solomon. "Thirty minutes until we return to Tarus II."

The king nodded. "Mhm. Plenty of time to chat with the Archangels."

"Oh, you weren't joking?"

Solomon shook his head. "I am not known for my sense of humor."

"You say that a lot."

"Anything worth saying is worth repeating."

"Make that up yourself?"

Solomon leaned against the wall. "Stop stalling. For six years, every time I've pushed you to talk to the Archangels, you deflect and avoid me. I don't understand your resistance."

"It's not like that. I'm always busy. I don't have time to talk to long-dead remnants of the past. I already spend too much of my day blabbing at you," Jason replied.

Solomon lightly pounded his fist against his heart. "That hurts. Right here."

"I thought you weren't one for jokes."

Solomon pointed to a spot on the bed near Daisy's feet. "Shut up, sit down, and focus your mind. You've kept the Archangels waiting long enough."

Jason rolled his eyes and plunked down beside her, then raised an eyebrow. "Hold on; it sounds almost like you've been talking to them."

"Yes, I have. The crown and rings connect through your body's spiritual pathways. Occasionally, we sit together inside your Mind Realm and have a chat. You'd know this if you hadn't chosen to block out the Archangels," Solomon said.

"Well, excuuuse me, kingy. I've had too many damn voices in my head over the last few years. Hoarhiim, Blaarjiim, Ose, the Archangels, you... Christ, my brain is a spook factory," Jason said.

Solomon chuckled. "Heh, I can understand why that would annoy you. I know you're lying to yourself about your fear of the Archangels, but once you clear the air, everything will make sense."

"Huh? My fear? Why would I be afraid of them?"

Solomon shrugged. "You tell me."

_The king speaks in riddles,_ Jason thought.

Jason assumed a yoga position and folded his hands together. "Alright, whatever. Let's do this."

...

A minute passed.

Jason stared at Solomon blankly. "Hey, it's been a while since I chatted with the Archangels... how do I open up the line?"

Solomon held his palm over Jason's face. "Close your eyes. I'll guide you through the process."

"You're the boss," Jason said.

............................................................

Somewhere between an instant and an eternity passed. When Jason opened his eyes, he found himself sitting on a patch of dirt in front of a roaring bonfire.

To the right stood Michael, the Archangel of Courage, dressed in knightly splendor, with a sword at his side, heavy boots on his feet, and golden armor adorning his chest. His arms crossed, he stared at Jason with an intensity that rivaled the blazing inferno before him.

To the left stood Gabriel, a fifteen-foot-tall Goliath donning white robes and sandals, though he was far smaller compared to when Jason had initially met him. No longer was he Godzilla-sized, but he could still kill Jason with a single punch. Gabriel's arms hung loosely at his sides, relaxed, as though he had no reason to worry.

Straight across the fire stood Raphael, an old man dressed lavishly in red and gold robes with moccasin shoes, who held a gnarled staff clutched firmly with his left hand. He leaned on it heavily, as though he were bearing the weight of the world on his shoulders.

Finally, Solomon stood beside Jason. He rested his hand on Jason's shoulder, and it took Jason a minute to realize that his touch felt like flesh and blood. This place might have been an imaginary space, but when Jason was inside it, the events there felt as real as those outside.

Michael was the first to speak.

"Six years, Hero. Not once have ye spoken a word to us in all that time."

Jason scratched the back of his head sheepishly. "Oh, err, yeah. Sorry, guys. Sirs. Your majesties...?"

Raphael waved his hand flippantly. "Bah. Such titles are little more than formalities. Call us whatever thou dost please."

Jason nodded. "Okay. Well, ah... I guess I should tell you all something I've wanted to say since I first found out. Do you know an angel named Uriel?"

Gabriel tilted his head low. "She is our beloved sister, one who died brutally at the hands of a demon. What makes thee wish to bring her up?"

Jason glanced at Raphael and noticed the old man tensing up, preparing for the worst news.

"She's... alive."

The eyes of every Archangel expanded. Michael's jaw loosened. "Is Uriel safe?"

"I'm afraid not. I don't know the exact details. I learned that a demon named Barbatos imprisoned her inside of his body. I think he's using her energy to increase his power," Jason explained.

A moment passed. Michael's proud attitude weakened. He sagged to his knees and wiped his forehead. "I can't believe it. All this time, my beautiful sister has been a prisoner of the demons. How can Barbatos withstand her holy energy? 'Tis poison to a demon's body."

Raphael gazed at his younger brother, an unnerved expression on his face. "Demons already are abominations possessing unnatural powers. Perhaps the reason we lost the war is that they found a way around their weakness to holy energy."

Gabriel shook his head. "Impossible. Even during our final battle, Zeus and I obliterated millions of demons. There must be a reason they captured our sister. Jason! If the demons control my sister, then she represents another possible ally for thy resistance. If thy military can liberate her from her tormentors—"

Jason held his hand up. "I'm sorry, but I have to stop you there. I wanted you all to know of her existence, but I didn't come here to volunteer for a rescue mission. I came to seek your counsel."

Michael relaxed slightly, but in his eyes, Jason spotted a hint of irritation. Now that Jason had mentioned his sister, Michael was anxious. _Can I blame him?_ Jason thought. _If something happened to Phoebe and someone knew her whereabouts, I might tear their head off if they didn't want to help me._

_It's not his fault for becoming emotional, but I have my reasons for moving on,_ Jason thought.

"Raphael, Gabriel, Michael. I told Solomon an idea I had to speak to the leader of the demons, Ose, and propose a peace treaty. He believes it is a bad idea. I want your opinions," Jason said.

Immediately, Gabriel averted his eyes. The massive Archangel stared into the distance. "So that is why thou dost come. Well, if thou dost wish to bargain with the demons, learning their history of backstabbing and betrayal should be thy top priority."

"Yes. I was hoping you could give me the full story. I don't know anything about your people's past, nor the demons'," Jason said.

Michael stepped toward Jason. He stopped only a foot or two away, towering over Jason's seated form on the ground. "Hero, before we speak a word to thee, I wish to know why ye chose to ignore us for six years — no more excuses. I healed thy body and gave thee enough strength to combat thy enemies, yet never did ye think to offer a word of thanks. Our energy is not infinite. It took a great deal of my remaining life-force to assist thee."

Jason stared up at the white-haired angel silently for a few moments, then looked away.

"I'm sorry. I just... I found it hard to talk to you. Every time I thought about doing so, the guilt would hit me, and I would quickly seek out a distraction. I didn't do it out of malice."

Michael's voice softened. "Guilt? What is thy meaning? Explain."

Before Jason could answer, Raphael hobbled a few steps toward him and tapped his staff on the ground. "Mm, I understand. The lad blames himself for our deaths."

Michael scoffed. "Tch, what madness. He has nothing to do with our passing. That is our fault, and ours alone."

Gabriel rumbled from across the fire. "Is it? Perhaps not. The Hero has reason to doubt himself. Had he lived during the Energy Wars, perhaps humanity would have won. Perhaps we would have defeated the demons and the Volgrim. We may have survived those dark days."

Jason nodded. "The more I think about it, the more I'm convinced. It's my fault the Volgrim won. I should have been there to help my people and yours. With the power of Wordsmithing, it isn't unreasonable to believe the war was winnable. Anything is possible with a limitless power like mine. But I wasn't, and so you died."

The Archangels fell silent for a few moments. Michael walked over to Jason's left and took a knee. "Perhaps 'tis thy fault, Jason, but there's no sense dwelling on the past. We do enough of that ourselves. The only reason one should look to the past is to learn from it so that they may avoid the same mistakes in the future. Dost thee find my words agreeable?"

Jason barely managed a smile. "I guess."

Solomon squeezed Jason's right shoulder. "Come now, where's your warrior spirit? It won't do to sulk and wallow in self-doubt. Better to forge a new destiny where humans win than to tell yourself failure is inevitable."

Slowly, Jason uncurled his legs and pulled himself to his feet. Michael rose beside him, and for once, gave him a warm smile.

"I apologize for doubting thy conviction, Jason. I did not realize thy chest throbbed in grief. Now that thou hath moved on, allow us to fill thy thoughts with a vision of our past. I promise, thou shalt find it enlightening."

Jason raised an eyebrow. "What part of your history will I see?"

"All of it," Gabriel muttered. "Our successes, our failures, everything. At the least, someone must exist who knows the legacy of our people. Should we perish, our legacy must rest within thy soul."

Jason scratched the back of his head. "Uhh... I mean, my spaceship is going to land in about thirty minutes. I don't know if I have time for a play-by-play. Can't you give me the highlights?"

Michael shook his head. "Nay. 'Tis not enough to know the events. The reasons and motivations for all the key players matter just as much. Thou must know the unfathomable depths of demonic treachery, and how far they will go to wrench the knife in thy heart."

Jason swallowed and took a step toward the fire. The embers crackled and popped, despite nobody fueling it with more wood.

"Tell me, then. Tell me everything," Jason said.

........................................................

[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvhA5B3xKDc)

Michael rested his hand on Jason's shoulder and closed his eyes. The world shifted around them, and the Archangels disappeared.

"Long ago, the angels were the sole living beings in the universe. The Creator formed us from the ash of dead stars and gave us one order: Live," Michael began.

An empty void surrounded Jason. He appeared in space, and ten million stars rapidly appeared, one by one. After a moment, Jason realized they weren't stars at all, but angels. Countless winged beings floated around him idly; confusion etched into their faces.

Gabriel spoke. "We had no purpose. We had no identity. We had only a goal; to follow the Creator's orders. However, we could not act on his orders. We didn't know what we didn't know. And so... we merely existed."

Raphael appeared before Jason. "One second became a year, then a thousand years, then a million. Eventually, we tired of our boredom and sought to give meaning and purpose to our lives. We began by creating other life, though our youngest sister, Uzziel, was the only Archangel whose powers gave her the ability to do so."

"She failed many times," Michael said, a hint of bitterness in his voice. "And once Uzziel finally succeeded, the result was tragic."

"Dragons were the first entities she formed. They were nearly the last," Gabriel whispered, and all the angels but one vanished before Jason. Behind the speck of a winged demi-human floating in space, a colossal monster appeared. Its wings dwarfed the stars around it, and its head rivaled those of the planets. Compared to the dragon, the angel was smaller than a grain of sand.

Gabriel continued. "Jörmungandr. The Mother of all dragons. She began her life as an egg hatched in the darkness of the void, and eventually grew unstoppable as she devoured stars whole. Through her, we learned the meaning of both life and death."

"The Creator's sole order, once a source of turmoil and uncertainty, became a primal instinct. We could not stand idly and watch as the dragon slew us one by one," Michael said as he swept his hand across Jason's eyes. The lone angel vanished, replaced by the millions from before. "So we fought. We bled. We suffered. We formed new creations, one after the other, desperate for an edge against the tyranny of The Dragon. Still, she continued to slaughter us."

The angels from the vision began unleashing a bombardment of magical power against the dragon, but it merely grinned evilly as the Holy Energy rippled against its body. Jörmungandr inhaled, then unleashed a wave of darkness, wiping out thousands of angels at once. They screamed wordlessly as their bodies fizzled into ash, returning to the dark energy of the cosmos.

Raphael appeared before Jason, staring calmly into his eyes. "Eventually, we succeeded again. Uzziel created a new form of life, one we came to call the Titan. Monstrous beings, born of rage, with abilities similar to ours. However, the Titans had one special quality, which was their resistance to The Dragon's energy. They turned the tide of battle."

"For a while," Michael said, correcting his senior. "But Jörmungandr surprised us. The Dragon learned our secret of creating life and unleashed a new horror upon us."

For the first time since the angels had started, Jason felt the urge to speak. "She created... the demons?"

Raphael lowered his gaze. "Nay, Jason. They came later. Much later."

_Something about his words instilled a sense of dread in me,_ Jason thought. _Why are the Archangels starting with dragons? I wanted to know about the demons! The dragons must be significant somehow to their story._

Michael's voice cracked. "Jörmungandr gained a power none of us possessed. She gained the ability to form life within herself; to give birth. Where before we faced one dragon, everything changed when a second appeared, and a third... and a fourth."

"The dragons swelled their ranks to tens of thousands," Gabriel's form expanded, dwarfing the other Archangels as he tripled and sextupled in size. Soon, his size nearly matched that of The Dragon. "We adapted to their trickery. This might surprise thee, Jason, but angels cannot procreate. When an angel dies, we lose a brother or a sister forever. Many of our siblings fell before we understood this fact. And when we realized what Jörmungandr had taken from us, we grew enraged."

Michael's grin gained a sinister edge. "The dragons made one costly error, Hero. Every time a new dragon appeared, the energy of all its brethren split amongst one another. They sacrificed their fighting capabilities for raw numbers, while we did the opposite."

"The nine Archangels combined our powers and formed three supreme beings; the Seraphim, Cherubim, and Ophanim," Raphael said.

Michael, Raphael, and Gabriel all stood in a circle and pressed their palms together. A moment later, a light brighter than the Big Bang erupted between them, blinding Jason and sending waves of pain coursing through his eyes. When Jason finally recovered, a three-headed angel with six wings and arms stood before him; each palm closed together in a fist.

The supreme being, far mightier than an Archangel, spoke with three voices at once. "**I, the Seraphim, unleashed the might of all angelkind. The Dragon was unprepared. For the first time since her creation, Jörmungandr felt fear wash through her body. Finally, she understood what it meant to lose those she loved. While I fought The Dragon, the Cherubim and Ophanim slaughtered her children. The Titans pooled their might together, and we struck a blow against our first creation. The dragons scattered like ash in the breeze, and we won the war.**"

Jason stared in awe as the Seraphim lashed out with two swords, two staves, and two spears, slicing open dragons left and right. The beasts bellowed in agony as they breathed pitifully weak flames against the winged destroyer. The Seraphim opened all three of its mouths to blast Holy Energy upon Jörmungandr, though the attacks were a thousand times more powerful than before.

After the dragons fled, Raphael, Gabriel, and Michael demorphed from their Seraphim form and reappeared before Jason.

Jason swallowed audibly, still feeling a little awed by their power. "So you defeated the dragons. Why do I get the feeling that isn't the end of the story?"

Raphael bowed his head. "We suffered heavy losses. The battle was far from one-sided. Every dragon we killed returned its power to the rest. Even after slaying Jörmungandr, her children soon grew to her former power. Following our war with the dragons, the Titans revolted as well. Due to their betrayal, two of the Archangels, Muriel and Cassiel, passed away. That story is more mundane, in many ways. It was little more than a war of attrition."

Gabriel laid one hand on each of his brother's shoulders. "We eventually made peace with the Titans and sought out a home for ourselves. Sadly, Michael and I know little of those days, as part of the peace agreement included wiping our memories of the past."

Jason blinked in confusion. "Hold on, what? You erased your memories? Then how do you know everything you've told me?"

Michael gestured to Raphael. "Our brother, the eldest Archangel, agreed to hold the memories of our past. Everything we know is due to his stories."

Jason scratched his forehead. "Okay... but Raphael, why erase your brother's memories if you were going to tell them about the past anyway?"

Raphael's gaze narrowed. "I had a reason, Jason. We all did. Please, understand that the agreement was made due to everyone, including the Titans, perceiving me as the fairest and least biased of our people. 'Twas not made idly or out of malice."

Jason nodded slowly. "You're not going to tell me the reason, are you?"

"Nay. 'Tis not information any mortal should know," Raphael said, his eyes darkening. "Sometimes, I wish I did not remember our past, nor the bloody acts we performed. 'Tis a stain upon the memory of my people."

Several moments passed.

Raphael cleared his throat. "Ahem. Michael, let us return to the Hero's question from earlier. He wishes to know the origin of the demons."

Michael sighed. Now that the talk of battle had passed, he seemed to have lost interest in what came next. Jason had never pictured him as a military commander, but something about how his eyes lit up when he described spilled blood suggested otherwise.

"The first thing we did was seek out a world to colonize. Having solidified our alliance with the Titans, we decided to create lesser forms of life, rather than equals. No longer would we create beings such as dragons and titans, but those who could not harm us. We only wished to live in peace," Michael said.

Jason stared at Michael as he spoke. Despite his words, Jason felt he was lying. _He doesn't seem the sort of person to enjoy tranquility and a carefree existence. He craves conflict,_ Jason thought.

"If you don't mind my asking, why bother creating life at all? What did you stand to gain? I certainly appreciate your efforts, since I was eventually born, but I don't see the logic after all the losses you suffered," Jason asked.

Raphael nodded. "Jason, angels are not immortal. Given how much time had passed, and the toll two wars took on our bodies, we found ourselves near death. We created life, not to satisfy our idle curiosity, but to sustain our very existence."

Gabriel cleared his throat. "Imagine for a moment, young Hero, that all beings have a container inside of themselves to store their spiritual energy. Thine is like a small, metal can. It cannot hold much, but it is relatively stable. When thou dost sleep at night, thy mana refills, allowing thee to unleash thy magic at full power the next day. However, an angel's container is more like a cracked glass jar. Our energy leaks from our bodies slowly as time passes. We created subservient beings to give us mana so that we could restore ours."

Jason cocked his head. "Do you mean humans?"

"Yes," Michael said. "However, humans were not Uzziel's first creation. The demons were."

Jason's jaw dropped. "You _created_ the demons?!"

"Uzziel did," Michael replied. "Their story is one which may surprise thee."

"I'm already surprised," Jason said. "Tell me the full story. I want to hear everything."

"As thou wish," Michael said.
