Leaving Uzziel's body behind, Jason traveled across Heaven to an unknown location. As his eyes opened, he noticed his new host had a considerable height difference compared to Uzziel: he was at least a foot taller than before. A dark room swallowed the faint glow emanating from his body, while a single torch hung on the stone wall, illuminating a horrifying scene.

A five-foot-tall demon hung from the wall, suspended by two shackles clamped onto his wrists. Another demon, much shorter, lay strapped to a stone altar, all his limbs chained and spread out to each of the four corners.

Bael and Diablo stared at him, defiance in their eyes. Dozens of lacerations and burn marks covered their bodies. Only a few patches of mottled skin remain untouched, but both of the demons breathed weakly, unable to catch a proper breath.

The big one, Bael, lifted his head. "P-pathetic. Pickin' on the boss, just 'cause he's weak. You know you can't break me."

"Thou shalt reveal where the other rats are hiding, or thy torture will never end," Michael said, smiling. Judging by the voice, Jason was in Michael's body. It was the first time he had possessed the Archangel for a vision. He was surprised by the strength in Michael's arms and how confident he acted as he paced back and forth. There wasn't a hint of desperation in his voice. "I can keep this up all day and night. Thou shalt never receive a moment's rest — not until thy secrets come spewing from thy putrid lips."

Diablo trembled. He tried to lift an arm, but it barely budged. "Haah... haah... we... we'll never... never tell you anything."

Anger boiled in Michael's stomach. Jason slowly took a few steps around the altar and stopped half a foot from Diablo's head. Diablo's eyes locked onto Michael's as the Archangel bent slightly at the waist. "I sense thy weakness, and I hear thy voice shake. Art thou afraid, little bloodskin? Thy mind tells thee to keep quiet, but thy heart knows speaking will prevent thee from suffering a great deal of pain."

Bael tugged at his chain, pulling himself up the wall an inch before sagging again. "Ugly chicken. You're too stupid to know when to quit. It must piss you off that we've held out for three days, eh? We ain't weaklings. You can't push us around like when we were imps."

Michael's gaze narrowed. He tilted his head to glare at the suspended demon. "Quiet. Thy ridicule grows tiresome. Taunting me will prove fruitless. Holy Magic has little effect on thee, so I will abuse thy companion instead. It won't be much longer before he breaks."

Bael curled up his lip. "Don't say nothin', boss. Satan'll come for us. We just gotta hold out."

A throaty chuckle escaped Michael's lips. "Kuhuhu... Satan? The treacherous little rat who tricked my brother? I think not. He fled like a coward and left thee to die. The look of panic on his face as he retreated was quite amusing."

Diablo gritted his teeth. "Tch. Y-you didn't chase after him. Sounds like you were the coward to me!"

Michael's eye twitched. He stabbed a finger at Diablo, pressed it against his chest, and funneled waves of Holy Energy into his body.

"AAAIIIEE!!" Diablo howled in agony. His fingers and toes clenched as he struggled mightily to evade the touch. After ten long seconds of listening to Diablo's horrible screams, Michael retracted his finger. A black mark sat on Diablo's chest where he had been touched. The demon's body sagged as tears poured from his eyes. His chains stopped rattling, and his strength faded.

"Be wary of the insolent words thou might speak. I'm not known for my restraint," Michael warned.

"Someone's touchy," Bael muttered.

Michael glared at the demon hanging on the wall. "I am not afraid of little red mice. However, the angels cannot leave Heaven, since Earth is the domain of the Titans. The exception is for when we issue a specific inquiry with Cronus, their leader. Thy accomplices are temporarily safe, but not for long. After my brothers speak to Cronus, he will permit us to tear down the forests and bore deep into the Earth in search of our enemies. They have days, perhaps weeks left to live."

Bael smirked at him. "So you _are_ afraid, eh? Whassa matter? Will the big bad Titans lay the smackdown if you step outta line?"

Silently, Michael drew his sword from its sheath. Bael's eyes darted down and follow its movements as the Archangel took two steps toward him. A moment later, Michael pressed the tip against Bael's stomach and slowly pushed it into his body. Bael gritted his teeth and winced, but he forced himself to show as little pain as possible.

Glowering at the demon, Michael narrowed his eyes. "Were the choice mine, I would kill any Titan in my way. The thought of war worries my family, but not I. I like neither their kind nor thine. We killed tens of thousands of thy kin over the last few days. Even now, my only lament is that we've stained Heaven's soil with their blood."

After a few moments, Michael yanked his sword out of Bael's stomach. A stream of blood gushed from the fresh wound, but it sealed after a few moments. Bael exhaled audibly, releasing a breath he had been holding.

"Thou art quite durable," Michael muttered.

Bael nodded. "M-my blood clots real easy."

"Color me unimpressed," Michael said.

He wandered back to Diablo. It had been less than a minute, but already the demon was breathing normally again, having recovered from the torturous holy energy.

"You... you feathery fuck. I'm not... not saying a word. I won't sell Satan out, or anyone else," Diablo panted.

"What gives thee such fortitude, I wonder? Considering the manner in which thy people abandoned thee, what is it that makes ye go to any length to protect them? Why show loyalty toward those who abandoned thee?" Michael asked.

Diablo stared at Michael silently for a moment. "They're kin. They're _my_ kin. We have the same skin. We bleed the same blood. We all suffered under your boot. I'd sooner die than betray them."

"Ahaha. Then die, thou shalt," Michael promised. A sinister grin passed over his face. "But rest assured, I _will_ break thy spirit, little demon. Thy silence won't last forever. Soon, thou shalt—"

Michael paused mid-sentence. The sound of boots outside the chamber drew his attention. He glanced toward the entrance, where a heavy stone door stood, resolute and unyielding. It lacked a handle on the inside, so even if the demons tried to escape, they would have a difficult time. Only a slight crack at the bottom allowed a trickle of light to stream through, and judging by the shifting shadows, someone was standing outside.

"One moment," Michael said, raising a finger. He trudged toward the doorway and motioned with his hands, casting a spell to unbar the entrance. The door swung open, assaulting his eyes with Heaven's Light. Michael's vision instantly adjusted to the change in light thanks to his angelic heritage.

Three Archangels stood outside. Michael lowered his gaze to his sister. "Uzziel? Why art thou here?"

"Hm? Did I not tell thee?" Raphael asked. "We must seek an audience with the Titans today. Thou art coming, as is Uzziel."

Raphael's voice had a note of finality to it. Michael questioned him anyway. "Must I go? I am still trying to— to... ah..."

Michael paused, noticing the look of distress on Uzziel's face. She craned her neck to try and see into the dark dungeon, but he stepped out and closed the door behind him.

"Uzziel shall be our show of compassion, while the two of us will represent Heaven's might," Gabriel said, crossing his arms. "Raphael will appeal to Cronus's common sense, assuming the Titan King has any left."

Michael paused to examine the emotions on Uzziel's face. His thoughts bubbled in Jason's mind. _My sister lost a brother only a few days before, yet still she worries about the fate of the bastards who slaughtered Samael. I shouldn't trouble her more than necessary._

Michael's demeanor softened. "Very well. A little fresh air can't hurt."

Michael walked over to Uzziel and pulled her in for a quick hug. "Come, little sister. It has been many ages since we last saw Earth's state. Its beauty will surely pale compared to the lush gardens of Heaven, but thou hath always found comfort in its wild, untouched nature."

Uzziel continued staring at the door for a moment before turning to her brother. She forced a smile. Despite how disingenuous her grin was, the radiance caught Jason off-guard. She was stunningly beautiful, with an alluring figure that drew his eyes around its curves. Jason suddenly felt awkward while admiring her, given he was in her brother's body.

"Yes. Of course. I hope thou art feeling well, Michael," Uzziel said.

Michael smiled back, his own just as disingenuous as hers. "I've never been better."

Raphael sighed. "A lie if ever I've heard one."

...................................................................................

Time passed. Jason's mind returned to Uzziel's body as the four Archangels began flying across the ancient Earth, heading toward an unknown destination.

The rushing of wind against his face and the dizzying speed at which the angels flew exhilarated him. Even if Solomon's Crown only gave the illusion of bodily sensations, Jason found the simulated world around him as realistic as the one he had lived in for his entire life. Hundreds of trees speeded by beneath them. A desert followed — an ocean as well.

The four of them reached a coastline, followed it for a while, then proceeded toward a mountain in the distance. It rose hundreds of feet higher than Mount Sinai, where the angels lived.

Once they drew within a mile of the mountain, they all decelerated and dived toward an opening in the forest below, flying perfectly in parallel to one another. They pulled up at the last second and came to a graceful landing, pausing to swat a few bugs off their robes.

The clearing they landed in was filled with the sounds of various birds chirping and cawing above, as if to signal their arrival. The birds hung out in the branches, peering at the angels from the shadows. Angels were a rare sight on Earth, it seemed.

An unpleasant, musky odor rose from various leaves and plants under their feet. It mixed with the moisture from recent rainfall, giving off the scent of a wet dog. Gabriel paused to sniff the air. "Has Earth always possessed such a rank odor?"

Uzziel shook her head. "Nay. I am unfamiliar with these species of trees. Without my guiding hand, Earth has had millions of years to develop outside of my control."

Raphael gestured forward. "Come. Watch thy step. Mount Olympus is near."

Nodding, the rest of them followed their eldest brother. While the men wore boots or sandals, Uzziel went barefoot. Every step she took, Uzziel reached out to touch the trees or dig her toes into the mud, experiencing nature as viscerally as she could.

Her thoughts whispered in Jason's mind. _I wish I could visit Earth more often. 'Tis unfortunate that I've never seen the descendants of the creatures I conceived._

After a few minutes, the edge of the forest appeared. They continued toward it, but a rustling in the trees above caught Jason's attention. Uzziel glanced up in time to spot an odd-looking chimpanzee leap from one tree to another, clearing a gap above their heads. The male Archangels paid it no heed.

Uzziel waved hello and flashed a sunny smile. The chimp paused to ogle her for a moment before continuing on its merry way.

Michael paused to glance at her. "Uzziel? Did ye see something?"

Uzziel lowered her hand. "Oh, nothing much. There was a funny little creature hanging on a branch. I've never seen one like it before."

Michael turned and continued onward, showing little to no interest in the chimp. "Mmm. I see."

...

They emerged from the tree cover onto a flat, grassy plain. The field extended for a mile in every direction, but they continued toward the base of the mountain they had spotted earlier. It didn't take long before they encountered two massive stone carvings, each a hundred feet tall. Each was in the image of a naked man with his palm outstretched, as if to say, _none may enter._

The statues stood guard before a gigantic cave opening at the base of the mountain. The hole dwarfed the statues, rising several hundred feet, with more than enough room for a battleship to comfortably fit inside. Raphael paused before it. The rest of them watched silently as the old man mumbled to himself and began weaving dozens of magic signs. After a full minute passed, he wiped his forehead, cleared his throat, and opened his mouth.

"**KING CRONUS! MIGHTIEST OF THE TITANS! THE ARCHANGELS HAVE COME, SEEKING AN AUDIENCE!**"

Raphael's voice exploded like a ton of dynamite. Uzziel's entire body quivered from its kinetic energy, reminding Jason of when he had caught the demons off guard with his Wordsmithing. He could only marvel at how long it had taken Raphael to prepare a spell similar to his, whereas Jason only had to utter a few words.

_Times like these remind me of the untapped potential my Wordsmithing possesses,_ Jason thought.

Several minutes passed. Nobody said a word.

Suddenly, the birds in the forest went silent. An eerie stillness washed over the region. Clouds blotted out the sun above, and the summer breeze died off.

From deep under the Earth, the rumbling of _massive_ footsteps reached their ears, each one like a boulder slamming into concrete, shuddering and shaking the planet. It doesn't take long before a humanoid figure appeared in the darkness of the cave. The naked giant stepped forward and yawned loudly.

"Nnn! Gah. Bloody angels! How dare you disturb my slumber!"

Cronus stood over two hundred feet tall. His big toe rose nearly to Gabriel's height. Seeing him reminded Jason of the first time he had met Gabriel in a vision when the angel was a similar height. Scraggly brown hair and a fifteen-foot-long beard combined with a fat nose and potbelly, giving Cronus the appearance of a lazy hillbilly.

"King of the Titans. We respectfully come before thee today to seek an audience," Raphael said, bowing politely. It boggled Jason's mind that this ugly, obese giant was the king of anything. "My brothers and sisters, as well as myself, have suffered a great loss not three days prior."

Cronus rubbed his eyes. "Hrm. Great loss. Mmm. Right. Go on."

Michael squeezed his sword's hilt. The king's casual demeanor seemed to irritate him. Michael's thoughts etched onto his face, asking, _why must we show respect to this ugly, disgusting oaf?_

Raphael, however, ignored Cronus's disheveled condition. "Samael, the Archangel of Change, fell a few days ago to an ambush. The imps, our formerly loyal servants, rose up in rebellion and murdered him."

Michael's face twitched. "Aye! And they were far stronger than should have been possible! Quite the coincidence, wouldn't—"

"Quiet," Gabriel whispered, silencing Michael. "Allow Raphael to work his silver tongue."

Cronus blinked several times, finally clearing the sleep from his eyes. "The imps? Weren't those the ugly little red things? The rats?"

Raphael nodded. "Aye. Their leader, Satan, fled Heaven a month prior along with a few others. They later returned, but their bodies had changed. They grew far more powerful in a surprisingly short period."

Cronus sighed. "Oh, bother. This story of yours is going to take a while, isn't it?"

Deciding not to wait for Raphael's reply, the King fell backward and slammed his backside onto the ground, shaking the Earth. None of the Archangels lost their footing, though Michael grew even more annoyed by Cronus's laziness.

The Titan shifted into a cross-legged position to get comfortable. He leaned his elbow on his knee and rested his chin in his palm. "Hrm. Your servants rebelled and somehow managed to assassinate Samael. Is that what you're saying?"

"Correct. The imps gained potent magical abilities, seemingly from nowhere. Given their arrival on Earth, I hope I am not too forthcoming when I surmise that a nefarious plot may have been involved," Raphael said.

Cronus narrowed his gaze. The Titan leaned forward to loom over them. Even sitting down, the living mountain towered seventy feet tall. "Are you accusing me of skullduggery, Raphael? Of plotting to kill your people?"

"Nay, nay. I would never insult thee in such an offensive manner," Raphael replied. The old man reached into the folds of his red and gold robes to procure a small pipe. He quickly lit some tobacco in it and took a few puffs. "However, thou art not the only Titan on Earth."

Several moments passed. Cronus rumbled disapprovingly in his throat and straightened his posture. "Other Titans. Yes. Of course. So you accuse not me, but one of my brothers or sisters of empowering your servants to turn against you. While insulting, I begrudgingly admit that I rarely speak to the others. It has been many centuries since I last stood under Sol's light."

Michael balled up his hand into a fist. "Perhaps thou mayeth suspect someone? Atlas? Prometheus? Rhea?"

At the mention of the last name, Cronus's mood soured. "Watch your tongue, Michael. Disrespect my wife again, and I won't hesitate to reignite the ancient conflicts."

"Yes," Raphael said, nodding at Michael. "Please, keep quiet."

Uzziel reached over and touched Michael's arm, pulling close to him. "Cronus is our ally, Michael. Ascribing ill-intent toward his family is unbecoming of us."

Cronus's gaze flicked from Michael to Uzziel. "Ah! Uzziel! How are you, Mother? Long has it been since we last spoke."

Uzziel pulled away from Michael and took a few steps toward the naked giant. "I am fine, I suppose. However, losing Samael has wounded me deeply. Surely, thou dost understand, given how many of thy family members have fallen over the eons."

"That I do," Cronus said, nodding. He reached a massive finger toward her and gently rubbed her head. "I might be an old codger, but I know the pain of death the same as any of you. I suppose I could ask around. Perhaps I can sniff out whoever is turning thy servants evil."

Raphael rubbed his palms together. "Cronus, we would like thy permission to search for our escaped servants. These imps have wronged us, and as such, we must hunt them down before they become a greater threat."

Cronus chuckled. "Tsk, I'm afraid I can't do that, Raphael."

"What?!" Michael stepped forward. Fire burned in his eyes. "The little bastards killed Samael! They attacked us mercilessly! How dare thou refuse—"

Gabriel pivoted on his heel and slapped the back of Michael's head. "Quiet!"

Cronus rubbed his nose. His eyes flickered with a faint hint of rage, revealing the suppressed emotions stuffed into his belly. "Michael. I have held my tongue since your arrival. However, it is clear that you hold some grudge against me for whatever reason. I cannot say with absolute certainty that a Titan did not empower your servants, leading to Samael's death. Perhaps someone did. Perhaps someone did not. I do not know. What I _do_ know is that your continued insults are beginning to _boil my blood._"

The Titan bit the last few words off. He snarled viciously, showing slightly too many teeth for Uzziel's liking. "I do _not_ permit you to scour the Earth. I will do so myself. Be glad I am willing to go to such lengths for Raphael and Mother Uzziel, for had _you_ been the one to ask, I wouldn't extend the same courtesy."

The fire died down in Michael's eyes. "I-I apologize. I... I did not mean to disrespect thee."

"And yet you did," Cronus says.

The Titan climbed to his feet, returning to his two-hundred-foot standing height. "Raphael. Uzziel. Gabriel. Michael. I bid farewell to all of you. I will find out if there is a traitor breaking the old treaty. However, I do not give my approval for you to stay on Earth. Return home at once."

Raphael flicked his eyes to Michael. A look of disappointment passed over his face, but it disappeared quickly. The old man returned his attention to Cronus. "Ah, of course. We thank thee for any services ye can spare. Thy assistance will not go unrewarded, I assure thee."

The Titan turned to leave but paused. "Before I go, I must ask... if the imps have turned against you, how will you regain your energy stores? Didn't you depend on them for mana?"

Gabriel bowed his head. "Aye. We did. We've purged all of their ilk from Heaven."

Cronus glanced at Uzziel. "Mother Uzziel, do you plan to rebuild your stores?"

Uzziel nodded hesitantly. "Y-yes... somewhat. I need to create a new servant creature, but the imp attack drained our reserves. We can barely—"

"Uzziel!" Michael gawked at her. "Hast thou forgotten? Why art thou mentioning our mana supply?!"

Uzziel's eyes widened. "O-oh no..."

The Titan rumbled in his throat. "Huhu... your situation sounds dire. Afraid I'll attack if I know how weak you are? Worry not. I might crush Michael for speaking ill of my wife, but my love for war has faded over the years. I'm too old and tired to bother with bloodshed and conflict."

Cronus eyed Uzziel for a moment before heading into his cave. As he left, the Titan said, "However, I would not say the same of my sons. Poseidon is a jealous bastard. Pray he never learns of thy present predicament."

The four of them watched silently as the king returned to his mountain home. His footsteps rumbled the Earth for several minutes. Soon, only the silence of nature greeted them.

Once again, birds began to chirp in the distance. Clouds parted in the sky, and the creatures of the Earth released the breaths they had been holding. A ray of sunshine beamed down on them, warming the chilliness on our skin.

Gabriel sighed. "Michael... thy temper is troublesome."

"I am sorry," Michael said, bowing his head contritely. "I hate word-games. Polite speech, pleasantries, the quips people utter when they have something to hide. I fear that Cronus knows something. He may not have played a part in the imp's evolution directly, but I believe he knows who did."

"Nonsense," Raphael said, waving his hand flippantly. "Pish-tosh. I felt no such impression from him. Cronus was merely irritated by thy constant insults. Now I regret bringing thee."

Uzziel wrapped her arm around Michael's and smiled sweetly at him. "Oh, come now, Raphael! Do not blame Michael. He is stressed the same as all of us. We can hardly blame him for losing his cool. And besides! Cronus is going to investigate his family for us!"

"So the Mad Titan says," Gabriel replied. "Let us pray Cronus keeps his word. We must return to Heaven, and we won't be able to search for the imps. Whatever the demons do next, I worry we will suffer their actions."

Michael paused for a second before replying. "I don't. Tricks and deception will only get the rats so far. If they return, they will meet the sharp side of my blade. Then they will know true fear."

The Archangel of Courage kept his voice low. The frostiness of his words made Jason shudder. An evil glint appeared in Michael's eye, as though he were plotting his next move but hadn't yet figured out what it would be.

...

A few minutes later, they wandered back toward the forest. Jason glanced up at the trees and spotted several prehistoric chimpanzees swinging around from branch to branch. The other Archangels did as well.

"Those creatures are quite remarkable," Gabriel said. "Look at how they balance themselves while climbing the trees. I wonder why they don't fall."

"They're perfectly balanced," Raphael replied. "As all things should be. More importantly, I can't help but notice how they compare to us."

Michael scoffed. "I see no resemblance. Black hair, wingless, with ugly hands and feet. Art thou going blind, eldest brother?"

Uzziel walked away from the group and headed toward the closest tree. As she did, one of the chimps stopped swinging around and stared at her. Jason recognized him as the one from when they had first arrived.

Uzziel raised her hand and waved at him. "Come and say hello, little one."

He regarded her suspiciously for a minute or so. The chimp started to turn away, but changed his mind as his curiosity got the better of him. Eventually, he crawled down the tree and landed on the forest floor but kept his distance.

"I'm friendly!" Uzziel said.

Behind her, Gabriel chuckled. "Haha, it never fails to amuse me how much our sister loves nature."

After several minutes, Uzziel coaxed the chimp over, then reached out and patted his head. "Aww, you're a cutie!"

Uzziel's thoughts appeared in Jason's mind. _This animal is shaped similarly to the imps. Raphael is right about how it resembles us, as well. How interesting. Perhaps, if I cannot spare the energy to make new servants, I might be able to try something else._

Uzziel motioned with her hands, and a trickle of energy left her body. It traveled toward the chimp and entered his brain. The little guy's eyes bolted open, and he darted away in a panic, fleeing as fast as he can.

Uzziel watched silently as he jumped into a tree and swung away, but a smile formed on her face. _He will be the first. If my experiment works, I may solve our mana problems and prevent more needless bloodshed._

"Uzziel?" Gabriel lilted his voice questioningly. "Art thou alright? I've never seen anything flee from thee in all my days."

Uzziel spun on her heel and leaned forward cutely. "Oh, 'tis unimportant, brother. No matter at all. I got a little too touchy, and he became frightened. Let us return to Heaven now."

"Aye," Raphael said. "With our request refused, t'would be unbecoming to dawdle longer than we must."

Uzziel walked back over to the others, and all four of them lifted off into the sky.

As Jason flew away, his thoughts dwelled on the chimpanzee and why Uzziel might have used her magic on him.

_I wonder what she's planning..._ Jason thought.
