Part 115: For The Horde!
Part 115: For The Horde!

The sound of shifting rocks and dirt greets my ears as I enter the mind of someone familiar. Pitch-black darkness surrounds me.

_Whump. Whump._

I take one step forward whenever the ground rumbles in front of me. Something bumps against my right arm, but Nerissa, my current host, ignores it.

The succubus fans herself as she stumbles along in the darkness. "Phew... Artorias, it's getting hot down here. Can we go up for air?"

Artorias's reply comes after a short pause. He shoves another load of earth ahead of us. "No. We're not out of the angel's territory yet."

"How much... much further is it?" Nerissa asks. "I hate the heat."

Artorias practically growls out his reply. "Well, summon some ice and cool yourself off. We have at least a few more miles to go."

"I can't. My body is too hot for that."

"I don't know what to tell you. If we go up, the angels will spot us. We'll end up mincemeat on the carving block. You know how good their vision is."

I loll my head forward in frustration. "Yeah. I know. Agares, how are you holding up?"

The demon to my right grunts. "I'm fine. The heat doesn't bother me. It's the cold I hate."

"Hah... guess we're opposites, huh?"

"Something like that."

After a moment, Artorias resumes punching the dirt away. We continue traveling forward at an agonizingly slow pace as Nerissa mops sweat from her forehead. 

Agares nudges me. He keeps his voice low. "If you're tired, you can ride the sled. There's some room left."

"N-no. I'm fine. I just... I need some air. I wouldn't want to burden you like that."

I can barely make out Agares waving his hand dismissively. "Eh, suit yourself. How are your ribs holding up?"

"Still feels like a cave bear mauled me. Michael certainly didn't... didn't pull any punches."

Agares nods. "Sorry to hear that."

Minutes pass. We all continue walking in silence. I glance back at the ice-sled and frown. "Agares, I think it's starting to melt."

"Yup. It's getting harder 'n harder to pull every second."

"I can't make any more ice unless we surface. If it breaks down..."

Artorias continues punching the air to create our tunnel, but he tilts his head back. "If that happens, then we'll leave them behind. Once we make it to the Lair, we can send someone back to pick them up."

"What? No! We can't- ah... can't do that..." Nerissa gets a little too excited, sending a sharp stinging pain through her chest.

"Well, I cannot dig and carry our injured at the same time. You can't lift anything right now, either. Agares only has two arms. We don't have many options-"

Artorias pauses.

"Oh. Damn."

Panic creeps into Nerissa's voice. "What? Is something wrong?!"

"No. We've already arrived. I misjudged the distance to the Lair. I didn't realize it extended this far south."

With one last punch, Artorias shoves more dirt aside, and flickering torchlight floods the darkness, illuminating the three of us, along with the sled full of unconscious demons.

Blissfully cool air rushes into the tunnel. Nerissa gasps and stumbles forward, savoring the sensation of the breeze against her skin.

Seconds later, half a dozen demons appear at the opening. The battered and beaten survivors that managed to escape Heaven glance at us curiously before lightbulbs appear above their heads. 

"Oy, ain't that Agares? And Satan's lady, too?"

"Artorias! Welcome back!"

"Whose bodies are on the ice thingy?"

Questions barrage us. Artorias pushes the nosy demons aside. "Out of the way. We've got injured here. Agares and Nerissa faced off against two Archangels and nearly died. Belial, Lucifer, Bael, and Diablo are in bad shape, too. They all need healing."

Agares rubs his head. "Don't worry about me. I'm fine. Treat the others first."

We step into the underground tunnels of the Demon Lair and arrive amid mostly dead space. Where before there were dozens of demons meandering in the halls, only the five or so that greeted us are here, now.

I look left and right. "Where... where is everyone?"

A young, scraggly-looking demon flicks his eyes up and down my cut-apart body. "Nyek! Big meeting at Death's Head to see who'll be the new boss! Satan's dead, so someone else has to lead!"

The young demon looks away from me and turns his attention to Artorias. "Where've you been, bro?! I killed like, ten angels all by myself! You should've seen it! I was all, 'wham, pow, koochaw!' And the angels were like, 'no, no, don't hurt us, please!' It was sick!"

Artorias blinks. He nods at the younger demon. "Yes, I'm sure you did a good job, Barbatos."

"I did, I did! I kicked all their asses!"

A large, obsidian-skinned beside Barbatos whacks him over the head. "Silence. All you did was cry and plead for mercy. If any angels perished, they did so out of embarrassment."

Barbatos rubs his head. "Y-you don't even know, Smealum! You weren't there at all!"

"Enough," Artorias says, cutting both of them off. "Barbatos. Show everyone to Hellga's healing chambers. Help Belial first. Once she's fixed up, she can heal the others."

Artorias turns to Agares and me. "As for you two, head to Death's Head after Hellga does her thing. I'll tell everyone at the meeting to wait until you arrive."

Nerissa raises her hand hesitantly. "Uh, um... Smealum? Satan... is it true... is he dead? Is there a chance he survived the battle?"

Before the dark-skinned demon can reply, Barbatos jumps in. "No way! That idiot got offed by Raphael! He went down like a total chump! Raphael sucked 'im into this weird portal and came back a minute later, barely injured. Satan got his ass handed-"

Artorias swings his arm out and backhands his brother, knocking the annoying little grunt on his ass. "Barbatos! Keep your trap shut. I won't listen to any insults regarding our former leader."

Barbatos glares at his older brother. "Hey! What's the big idea?! You can't tell me what to do!"

"I can and I will, as your older brother." Artorias crosses his arms. "Got something to say about it?"

Barbatos starts to retort, but he keeps his tongue in check. "Tch. Whatever." He turns to scowl at Agares and me. "Come on, then! I ain't got all day!"

Sighing, I shrug at Agares as the little whiney brat turns and stomps away. "It's not like we don't know where to find Hellga..."

Artorias turns to walk in the opposite direction from Barbatos. "Apologies for my brother's words. He can be... difficult. I'll see you all in a bit."

I nod. "Thank you, Artorias. We wouldn't have made it without you."

The muscular demon commander pauses for a moment before heading away. "My condolences for your loss."

I merely nod and turn away, offering no reply.

Nerissa's gaze shifts inward.

_Satan... what will we do without you?_

---

A gorgeous demoness with long black hair and slinky, cat-like legs kneels beside Belial, dabbing ointment all over her body. "Oh, my. This seductress took quite the beating! How about you, Nerissa? Are you doing alright?"

I nod. "Yes. My ribs are killing me... but I'll survive."

"Not if those get infected, you won't. Those bones are poking through your skin!"

The demoness barely wears anything. She isn't a succubus, but she has curves in all the right places. Barbatos and Agares' eyes follow her ass as she struts from one side of Belial to the other, bending down occasionally to rub healing solution on her broken body. Her leopard-print lingerie seems wildly inappropriate for a place of healing, but demons have a very different culture compared to humanity.

Agares slurps some drool from his mouth. "Damn, Hellga. You're a sight for sore eyes. Almost makes getting my ass beat by Michael worth all the trouble."

Hellga turns and winks at him, flashing a cheery smile in the process. "Oh, Agares! You're such a sweetheart!"

The lizard-demon blushes. He turns away, unable to meet her gaze.

Barbatos, on the other hand, grins like a lovestruck idiot. "I bet there ain't anyone sexier than you, Hellga! What's a guy gotta do to get you in the Relief Chambers, eh?"

"My chastity is what makes me beautiful, boys! You can look, but if you touch, I'll have to break all your bones! And after that, I'll heal you and break them again! Hahaha!"

Hellga resumes her doctoring of Belial's wounds. After a moment, she furrows her brow. "Okay, that's about it. Now to wake her up."

Lucifer, still unconscious, lies a few feet away from Belial. Diablo and Bael, likewise, can barely take shallow breaths. Their bodies, weak from a hundred years of torture, hardly give them enough energy to breathe.

Hellga presses her index and middle finger against Belial's forehead. Frowning, she closes her eyes for a moment to transfer mana to the unconscious succubus.

"Huhk!"

Belial jerks awake with a start. "Haah... haah..."

Her breathing comes in uneven spurts for a moment before leveling out.

"Wh-what happened? Where am I- ahh... ch-chest hurts... my legs, too."

Hellga leans back and flashes a pleasant smile. "I gave you some mana. Heal yourself if you can. After that, you've other wounded to heal in the tertiary chambers."

Belial shakily raises her hand. "Okay. Just... just give me a moment."

A minute later, she motions with her hand. Her internal organs rapidly heal, along with her battered bones and skin. Soon, the succubus leans forward and sighs. "Whew. Devils. I need to sleep for a week. I've never felt so tired in my life."

"Definitely. But first, you're going to help me. Up and at 'em!" Hellga grabs Belial and yanks her to her feet. "Here, have some more mana. Heal Lucifer, and then we'll continue to the other survivors."

Belial blinks. Her eyes widen. "Ah! That's right! What happened after Michael-"

"You'll see for yourself, in due time," Agares says, holding his palm up. He sighs and scratches his head. "Satan died. That's all we know so far. Those of us that are left are going to have a meeting in a little bit. The sooner you get everyone healed, the sooner we can sort out what's happened."

A sense of gloom descends upon us. Belial walks over to me. "Are you doing okay, Nerissa? I know you and Satan were..."

Nerissa turns away. "I'm fine. We.. we were only together for... a little while."

My words ring hollow. Belial crosses her arms. "Mmm. If you say so, we'll talk later, okay?"

"Sure."

Belial leans forward and winces as she examines the cuts and bruises covering my body. "Walking around naked with these wounds is going to lead to an infection."

I shake my head. "My body hurts too much to... to wear anything. The last thing I want is clothing ag- against my skin."

Belial nods. She quickly weaves magical signs, mumbles something under her breath, and presses her palm against my shoulder.

The pain that hits me a moment later makes me pass out for a few moments. I wake up on the ground, writhing and whimpering as my ribs suck back inside my chest. My skin rapidly repairs itself, and within a minute, I can only shudder at the phantom pain coursing through me.

"Nnn... it's true what they say about your healing being worse than the injuries."

Belial tosses some bearskin clothing over to me. "Sorry. I tried not to make it hurt too badly."

After gathering her strength, Nerissa pulls herself up and gets dressed. While she slips into underwear and clothes, I find myself wondering why it is she's so comfortable standing naked and getting dressed around other demons. I'd feel weird if people saw me in the nude. She doesn't seem to care at all and has no inhibitions whatsoever. It's strange.

Again, it's probably demon culture, but I can't help thinking there might be more to it than that. Maybe I'm just a prude.

Nerissa fluffs her blue hair and sits on a cot, rubbing her hands together while Belial heals Lucifer and the others.

Eventually, Belial finishes. Lucifer rises and dusts herself off.

One quick chat later, and Lucifer nods.

"So that's what happened. I can only hope Valac survived his battle against the Archangels. His power dwarfs Satan's. If he leads demonkind, I believe we will soundly crush the angels."

Nerissa scoffs. "You think Valac has something Satan doesn't? _Please._ I appreciate Valac saving some of our people, but Satan gave his life to save Diablo and Bael. That's what makes him a true leader."

Lucifer groans. "Or a moron. We lost _how_ many grunts trying to save two captured weaklings?"

The four-breasted demoness violently gestures toward Diablo and Bael lying side-by-side in adjacent cots. "Look what we have to show for it! Thousands dead, and these two saved! Wow, Satan was _such_ a military genius!"

Agares clears his throat. "Ahem. Let me butt in. Satan wasn't just trying to save Deebs and Bael. We also went there to try and kill a few angels, and to see how we compared to them. That's why a few hundred of us stayed behind, just in case the angels annihilated our attack force. The broodmothers would allow us to birth more demons over time."

Lucifer rolls her eyes. "A test. Of course. You'd believe anything our _beloved_ leader said. Oh, well. When Valac arrives, he'll bolster our forces. I can only pray he's smarter than the gobbler of meat we had before. Tch. What idiot would think facing an Archangel one-on-one was a good idea?"

Nerissa bows her head. Her cheeks flush red as images of Michael's emotionless face appear in her memories.

"Y-yeah. Probably not the best idea someone could come up with."

Belial leaves us as she heads off to heal the other demons.

"I'll finish as quickly as possible. Just give me a few minutes."

---

Footsteps echo down the hallways as several hundred demons march behind me. Agares, Belial, and Lucifer take the lead, and I follow them. All the demons Belial healed are in good spirits, which is remarkable considering the devastating losses they've suffered.

Barbatos chitters to another young demon. "Chee! My brother thinks he's big stuff, always going on about the rules and how important they are. Can you believe that? It's like we're livin' with the bloody chickens all over again."

The other demon raises an eyebrow. "But... weren't you born _after_ leaving Heaven?"

"I lived there in spirit!"

Nerissa ignores him. Soon, the corridor begins to expand. We arrive at a massive underground room the size of a small stadium. Two thousand demons plunk on the floor in the middle and along the walls, each chattering to their neighbors about this and that.

Artorias stands at the entrance. He turns to look at us as we arrive. "Ah. There you are. Took you long enough."

Belial sighs. "Sorry. Healing two hundred demons with our remaining mana reserves took a while. It will be a while before I can heal again. I hope the angels don't discover us now, or we'll be goners."

Artorias nods. "Well, as long as you guys can talk, that will be satisfactory. I think this is everyone. We can begin the meeting."

Artorias's expression darkens. He gestures for Agares and Lucifer to follow him. The three of them head off toward the front of the room.

I sit down beside Belial and some other demons. We watch as Artorias claps his hands together.

"Everyone. I know you've heard the rumors floating around. Grigori did his best and held open the portal to the very end... but, unfortunately..."

Nerissa frowns. She turns to Barbatos. "Rumors?"

The young demon shrugs. "Dunno."

Artorias sighs. "...Valac perished. Camael and the Valkyries attacked him with their full might and scorched him with divine flames. There's no easy way to say it... so, there it is. He's dead."

Nerissa's jaw drops. The entire room erupts into frantic whispering as demons nudge each other, asking if they've heard the news or not.

"Quiet, please. Quiet." Artorias holds up his hand to silence the room. "The long and short of it is that with Satan and Valac gone, we need new leaders. I don't think anyone can argue that they were by far the strongest out of all of us... but we can't dwell on the past."

Artorias rests both of his hands on Agares and Lucifer's shoulders. "Lucifer created the Broodmothers. Her combat skills are excellent. Agares, too, is an excellent fighter. Both of them have the vision necessary to lead us-"

"NYEHEHE!"

A voice cackles around the room, interrupting Artorias's speech. Above us, a specter materializes in midair. Valac hovers and laughs wildly.

"Listen to Artorias, telling such a lie! Only a fool would think this king could die!"

Valac sweeps his arms outward, as if to call forth our gazes.

"How quickly rumors spread of my defeat, but in the end, the angels fell for my deceit."

Lucifer stares up at Valac. "What are you on about? What deceit? What happened to you?"

Valac lowers himself to the ground. He towers above all the other demons, like a living wall of bone.

The Reaper stabs a finger at Lucifer. "Silence, wench! Your performance against Michael was lame! Three against one, but you lost in shame! Against you, the Archangel's blade did maim, but it was our honor which Agares reclaimed!"

Agares quickly shakes his head. "Err, no- I didn't do all that much..."

Valac raises a finger to silence him. "Now, now Agares, there's no need to protest. From a distance, I witnessed your combat prowess. You stood your ground against the legendary Michael, then followed with a duel against his brother, Gabriel. All of that, and you fought alone, while these defeated women lay prone."

Agares bows his head. "W-well, I mean... I kinda, just..."

Lucifer scowls at Valac. "Hold on a moment. I thought we were working together. Where do you get off insulting me like that? Michael was unstoppable! It was hardly a fair fight!"

Valac chuckles. "Oh, what's that? Unstoppable, you say? Without any effort, I could keep them at bay. Admit it, Lucifer, you're weak like an ant. I thought you'd be useful, but your strength is scant."

Lucifer clenches her hands into fists. "Valac, you... bastard. After everything I've done for you, you're going to sit there and pretend you succeeded without my help?!"

The demoness's third eye begins to glow. Valac holds up his hand. "Careful, now, there's no need to get cranky. Don't do anything brash; you wouldn't like me when I'm angry."

"Screw you!!" 

Lucifer's eye shifts to red. A moment later, a shockwave shoots out and slams against Valac's body. The Grim Reaper flies backward, 
and several demons barely get out of the way in time as he hits the wall with a terrific _CRASH_! Lucifer starts to motion with her hands to summon a magic spell, but she pauses and frowns. Valac's body goes limp as he falls from the wall and slaps to the floor. 

Just like when the angels 'killed' him in Heaven, the Reaper's bones seem to evaporate, leaving his rags to flop in a pile.

"What? I killed him?" Lucifer's jaw slackens as she stares at his dead body in surprise.

A moment later, the air beside Lucifer shifts. Valac appears and swings his fist out. "SURPRISE!"

_Wham!_

He pounds the side of her head with terrific force, sending the demoness flying. Lucifer rockets to the side and tumbles into the crowd of onlookers. Her body becomes a fleshy projectile, battering dozens of demons aside. Yelps of shock go through the mob.

A moment later, the room goes dead silent as everyone gazes at Lucifer's unconscious form.

"You are weak, as I stated before! There's nothing worse than a mouthy little whore."

"Lucifer!" Agares jumps into action and runs over to her. He quickly pulls her out of the crowd and checks to see if she's breathing. After a moment, the reptile-demon scowls at Valac. "What's wrong with you?! You nearly killed her!"

Valac crosses his two lower arms. "She attacked me first, and I countered in self-defense. To blame me for her weakness would make no sense. Ah, well, women can't help being dense, but perhaps I can offer some recompense?"

The Reaper holds up his top-left arm. With a quick flourish, he summons his lantern. A moment later, he vanishes in a puff of smoke and reappears beside Agares. Before the young demon can protest, Valac shoves him aside and reaches his skeletal hand out. Valac grabs Lucifer's face, and goes silent.

Agares stares wide-eyed as Lucifer's body twitches. Despite being unconscious, she writhes for a moment, then suddenly awakens and begins thrashing like an enraged octopus.

"Mgm!! Mmm!" She grabs Valac's arm and tries to yank it off her face, but the Reaper slams her head against the ground. He pets her hair with another hand, sending shivers down my spine.

Only when the Reaper nods and finishes his magic does he release her and pull away. Lucifer gasps and slumps to the side. She claws at her neck, as if trying to tear something out of her throat.

"Ah... ahh! What- what did you do?! There's something... something inside me!"

Valac chuckles. "Hehe. Satan's magic is gone, and now I've set you free. Well? Aren't you going to thank me?"

Nerissa shifts uncomfortably. _Valac must have done to Lucifer what he did to me. He grabbed me by the face and... put something in my body. It felt like... like a **worm**._

Lucifer shudders to her feet. The demoness eyes Valac warily. "Why would I thank you? You've done nothing for me."

Valac places his lower palms against each other and fans his upper arms outward. "Ah, but you are wrong, for I have given you a gift. Take a look inside yourself; for your powers, I did lift."

The demoness stares at him for several seconds. When she doesn't immediately praise him, Valac launches a fist at her face. Startled, Lucifer jerks to the side, avoiding his fist with impressive speed. Valac continues swinging at her, using all four of his arms, but her body moves far faster than before, to the point that I have trouble following her actions.

Up, down, left, right. Lucifer moves astoundingly fast, avoiding all of Valac's punches. Valac finally stops, and she retreats several steps, gasping for breath the whole time.

"Haah, haah! What happened? I... I dodged before I even saw you move!"

Valac wraps his hands behind his back. Satisfied with the looks of astonishment from the demons filling the chamber, he spins on his heel and struts away from Lucifer.

"Listen carefully, you little feeders. There's no need to gawk and stare. Accept me as your leader, and with you, my power, I will share. While Lucifer's increase has proven quite ample, she has had but a meager sample. Countless souls are mine to grant, but more will come once Satan's post I supplant."

Artorias, having watched Valac's rampage the whole time, raises his hand. "A question, Valac. What are these 'souls' you speak of?"

Valac tilts his head back. "Oh, you don't know? I thought you were bright. Souls are the essence of every being; that which gives them might. To wretched demons like us, creatures of the night, souls are the gifts that keep on giving; our eternal light."

Artorias purses his lips. "So, you're saying souls are inside of everyone? They make us stronger?"

Valac nods. "Indeed, how sad I am that you do not know. Were Satan a better leader, upon you this knowledge he might have bestowed."

Artorias narrows his eyes. "Satan knew of that which you speak? He knew about these... these _souls_?"

"Indeed. Satan was a soul manipulator, just as I. He kept his powers a secret, and left you all to die. After all you'd been through, he showed you no respect. A pathetic excuse for a demon; what more could you expect?"

Barbatos jumps up beside me. "Holy crap! I want souls! Where can I get some souls?!"

Valac's cheerful tone hardens. "Silence, you insipid little shit. Speak only when spoken to, or your lip I'll split. Times have changed. Satan is your leader no more. I am your King now; many changes I have in store."

Slowly, Valac begins pacing back and forth. "No longer will demons regard one another as equals. Such lies will poison us and prove to be lethal. Satan was a caring demon, one who took too many risks. With him gone, our evolutions must become brisk. Sit back and listen; take my knowledge to heart. My conquests will soon be yours, but only after my wisdom, I impart."

...

Valac begins weaving a series of words together, describing his recent triumphs. He goes into exhaustive detail about the thousands of Titans he's killed, and how they fear him at every turn. His rhyming grates on my mind the longer he speaks, but as long as I'm in Nerissa's body, I can't protest.

Finally, the Grim Reaper stops. He rests a hand on Artorias's shoulder and gazes out at the crowd.

"Any questions?"

The room is so silent that I could hear a pin drop.

Nerissa raises her hand.

"I have one. If you're so strong and so far above the rest of us... if the Titans fear you and you held your own against the Archangels... then what purpose do we serve? Can't you kill all of the Titans and Angels by yourself?"

Her question hangs in the air for several long seconds, like a rotting apple moments before it falls off a branch.

Valac rubs his hands together. The movement seems unusual, given what little I know about him. He looks nervous, almost as if he isn't sure how to respond.

The moment passes. Valac rises to his full height and cackles. "Nyehehe! I don't, foolish little girl! Listen to you, pretending you're a pearl! I could chew up every demon and spit them in the dirt, but I'm offering you all a chance for your powers to exert. A war is coming, one I'd sooner not avert. We'll draw a line in the sand, and our dominance, _assert_."

Cheers ring out in the hall. Nearly all the demons in the room yell wildly and clap their hands, excited at Valac's tales of dominance and power. Several of them eye Lucifer, imagining how strong they'll be when they join Valac's side.

Nerissa doesn't clap. She crosses her arms and frowns as Valac turns away.

_He's lying. Satan told me about Valac. He's a self-serving demon, one who doesn't give the damnedest about others of his kind. Satan cared about all of us. That's why he sent my sisters and me to rescue Diablo and Bael. Valac would never do such a thing._

As the cheers ring out, Valac raises a hand.

"Quiet. I have one last thing to say. It regards our future, and how our fortunes could decay."

The applause dies down. Most of the onlookers lean forward and listen intently for Valac to deliver some bad news.

"Fate, unyielding, is the cruelest mistress. Her ways are filled with death and distress. Some of you may look ahead with a hunch or a guess, but I see perfectly our path to progress."

"I have foreseen that a threat will soon arise — a Titan, unlike any other, with rage burning in his eyes. His power, terrifying, has the potential to dwarf even mine. We must all work together to eradicate his bloodline."

Artorias frowns. "How do you know this specter of tomorrow will be a Titan? Furthermore, why not kill him now if you know who he is?"

Valac shakes his head. "The rivers of time branch out in all directions. His face hides among a thousand others to evade detection. Seeing the future is not an exact science. It resists my gaze and offers endless defiance. If his face I could see, I would kill him in an instant while cackling with glee."

Satisfied, Artorias nods. "I understand. I think everyone here has made it known who they want to rule demonkind. I don't know if you'll be better than Satan... but it's clear you have experience dealing with Titans."

Lucifer shivers. "I don't trust him, even if he did give me a little boost. Nobody hits me and gets away with it."

Nerissa jumps to her feet. We pump our fist boldly. "Yeah! I don't trust you either, Valac! You're hiding something from us!"

"Nerissa!" Belial hisses at me from below, but I ignore her.

Valac's head turns from left to right as he evaluates Lucifer and me both.

"Watch your mouths when you talk to your king. Anger me, and I'll make both of you dance on my string."

Valac seethes for a moment before turning to Agares. The reptile-demon stands a few feet to Lucifer's right and grows visibly uncomfortable when Valac's gaze sets on him.

"You there, Agares the Brave. I haven't forgotten you, nor the lives you've saved. Your battle against Michael left me impressed; A mighty warrior like you deserves only the best. Your reward is near; come close and kneel. Your body will strengthen, and your skin will steel."

"I... I haven't really, uhm..."

Agares glances at me. Guilt washes over his face, as if to say, _I don't deserve special treatment._

However, he loses his nerve. Swallowing, he kneels before Valac and flinches as the Reaper reaches toward him.

Instead of violently grabbing Agares face, Valac merely rests his hand on the demon's scalp. Agares winces after a moment as one of Valac's worms enters his mind, but he utters no audible complaint.

When Agares stands, Valac claps his hands together. "There it is, your powers have awakened. Make sure that during battle, you remain unshaken."

"Y-yeah," Agares mutters. He shuffles backward as Valac beckons to the crowd.

"Let's get a move on; I haven't got all day! Once everyone is empowered, we've Titans to slay!"

The room explodes with two thousand cheers. "Yeah!" 

All the while, Nerissa watches disapprovingly.

_Dammit. I wish Satan was here. With Valac leading us, I see only misfortune and loss in our future._