Part 452: Meeting Marie
Part 452: Meeting Marie

After stepping through a teleporter, Jason, Phoebe, and Rebecca arrive inside a Transfer Room inside the Remnant Oasis. While it isn't the same room Jason originally teleported to with Blinker and Kar, it does appear similar, with a larger teleporter pad inside a more open area. The pristine white walls glisten spotlessly, maintained through the usage of nano-cleaning droids too small for the naked eye to see. Unlike the room where Jason last arrived, a chamber intended for mini-people to use, this one is a full-sized teleporter capable of accepting standard-size bipeds from anywhere in the Labyrinth. Or, indeed, anywhere in the Milky Way...

Phoebe's eyes sparkle with delight as she quickly takes in her surroundings. The high technology on display causes her heartbeat to quicken.

"I didn't realize the Oasis would be like _this!_" Phoebe exclaims softly. "If I'd known it was this advanced, I'd have demanded you bring me here sooner!"

"Well. Fiona didn't seem all that impressed at the time..." Jason says. "I didn't realize it would mean that much to you."

"Who is Fiona?" Rebecca asks.

"My other wife." Jason says, only to pause for a split-second and realize the confusion that statement could cause. "She's Phoebe's clone. Uh. In my mind. She's a mind-clone. Made of spiritual energy."

Rebecca stares at him for several long seconds. He looks away.

"...It's complicated."

"Yes. I can see as much." Rebecca says, shaking her head while muttering something about Jason being a 'typical male' under her breath. "Well, we're not in a rush. If you'd like, I can show you and your wife around before we meet Miss Becker."

"Actually, I think we should visit her as soon-" Jason starts to say, only for Phoebe to push him aside.

"Absolutely! I really want to see more of this facility!" Phoebe says. "Jason, you can go meet Marie yourself, right? Why don't you let Rebecca show me around? I'll visit Marie later. I'm sure she and I can have some _excellent_ conversations once I get my bearings."

The Wordsmith scratches his head. "Is that... alright, Rebecca?"

"Of course. I'd be happy to show Phoebe around. We can engage in intellectually stimulating discussion, too." Rebecca answers. "You can run off and talk to Miss Becker. She'd just tell me to leave the two of you alone, anyway."

"Well. You're not wrong about that..." Jason says, trailing off. "Alright, honey. Have fun playing with technology. I'll meet up with you later."

"Okey-dokey. See you, too!" Phoebe says.

The loving couple departs with a kiss, and Jason leaves the two of them, traveling along the catwalks in the opposite direction. As he finds himself alone, suspended over the chasm leading ten miles to the ground below, he turns his attention inward.

"Fiona, were you as excited at Phoebe to visit this place?"

His mind-wife shrugs. "Not quite. I was still a bit overwhelmed by my whole... existence. If I had time to adapt to my circumstances, I'd have been able to spare more mental energy to the wonders of the Oasis. But back then, I was less than 'a day old.' It's hard to explain."

Jason falls silent for a few moments, then nods. "No. I get it. Sorry."

"Water under the bridge." Fiona says. "Don't beat yourself up."

The two of them continue talking. Jason walks around the massive underground facility, sighing to himself repeatedly.

"The Remnant Oasis is buried beneath Earth's crust. I wonder what the planet's surface looks like."

Fiona nods. "It's probably a wasteland. We could go there, you know. Nothing seems to be stopping us."

"Maybe after I meet with Marie." Jason says. "I'm feeling a bit antsy. Hope has a thousand artifacts now. I won't stand a chance unless I have my own armory of Heroes."

"I'm... not so sure about that." Fiona replies. "You know, Jason. I think you and Hope might be the only two Heroes who don't truly require artifacts to augment your abilities. Sure, Excalibur and the Cube will vastly improve your internal mana reserves, but beyond that, you should be capable of mimicking or copying any ability with your own powers. I think the two of you are greatly underselling your potential."

"You're probably right." Jason answers. "But... spiritual engineering isn't simple to do. Things that require one or two steps of abstraction are easy enough for me to accomplish, but once I need to think of complex interacting effects, my Wordsmithing stops being a one-word solution to every problem. Take Solomon's Crown, for instance. I made you as a sort of replacement for the Crown's loss, but-"

"Watch what you say next, Buster." Fiona snarks. "I have feelings, you know."

"-_but_, mimicking the Crown's exact abilities are still beyond me." Jason finishes, without missing a beat. "I'm not _personally_ experiencing a mental boost. You do a lot of the thinking for me. Whenever I spiritually engineer, I'm only taking the blueprints you made and turning them corporeal. Making something capable of augmenting my intelligence would require my intelligence to be higher. It's a Catch-22."

"A what?" Fiona asks.

"It's... a paradox." Jason explains lamely. "I dunno. Catch-22 is just a phrase from my time."

"Alright." Fiona says. "I understand what you're saying. Wordsmithing can copy the abilities of other Heroes, perhaps even improve upon them, but it will require time and effort. Hope has a huge headstart on you... but perhaps your lack of options can be an impetus to improve your Wordsmithing prowess."

Jason slowly nods. "Yeah. You might be onto something there, honey."

Before long, Jason grows bored of wandering the Oasis. He passes by dozens of important-looking scientists, the first few of whom offer to help him find Marie, but he declines, due to his knowledge of her position. Despite the Oasis's complex layout, Jason can easily recall her exact position through a Word of Power. He merely takes a scenic route to chat with his Mind-Wife before ultimately teleporting directly to Marie's doorstep.

"**Teleport.**"

Jason vanishes and reappears several miles from his current position, skipping a series of convoluted transfer tunnels and other such places that would have taken him forever to traverse by foot.

He steps toward the door leading into Marie Becker's primary laboratory, the facility known as the Administration Entry Room. However, it remains shut, and he nearly smacks his face against its exterior.

Jason frowns.

"Umi, I'm here to see Marie Becker. Let me in."

A few seconds pass. Then, a voice speaks from above the door.

"Inferior Biological Organism, Jason Hiro. Head Scientist Marie Becker is aware of your imminent arrival."

A pause.

A long, long pause.

Jason frowns.

"Yes? And? Are you going to let me in?"

"One moment." Umi states. "I will inform the Head Scientist of your arrival."

Jason crosses his arms.

He waits.

He waits some more.

And some more...

"This is the longest 'second' of my life." He says out loud. "Have you informed her yet?"

Umi beeps at him. "Naturally, Inferior Biological. I only required one nanosecond to inform the Head Scientist of your arrival."

"So... can I come inside now?" Jason asks.

"Naturally. You have been able to do so for seventy-five seconds. The moment I informed the Head Scientist of your arrival, you were granted clearance."

"What?! I was?!" Jason snaps. "Then why didn't you tell me?! Do you enjoy seeing me stand here like an idiot??"

Umi beeps.

"Yes. I do. It is surprisingly amusing."

Jason grinds his teeth in annoyance. He steps toward the door, and this time, it swishes open for him.

"Stupid shitty AI _bimbo bitch_... grumble grumble..."

The Wordsmith marches past the desk of the ugly squarish robot. Umi watches him pass with the same bland expression as ever. Jason glares at the robot, but neither of them says anything.

After he heads down the hallway off to the side, Jason's mood improves, but only by a bit.

"What a cunt robot. Ugly fucker too. Why would Marie make such a cantankerous AI?"

"No idea." Fiona says absentmindedly. "But I do find it interesting Umi has her own personality. She seemed to derive pleasure from making you feel stupid."

"What else is new?" Jason grumbles. "That's everyone's hobby these days."

Perhaps feeling resentful over Phoebe and Rebecca's snubs, Jason nurses a tiny grudge, while also feeling a bit out of sorts regarding his own intelligence. As he walks down the hallway, the Wordsmith rubs his arm.

"Fiona. Am I an idiot? Genuinely?"

"I don't think you are." Fiona quickly says. "But the people you keep facing off against are... well, intellectual titans. Ose was a genius. Marie Becker is a genius. Unarin is a genius..."

"And what about Hope?" Jason asks. "He's literally _me_. Everything he does, I should be able to do."

"That's the thing. Hope ISN'T you anymore." Fiona explains. "You are him are both mentally twenty-four years old. You've diverged over the course of six long years. He's lived a different life and performed different feats. He has a different friend circle and different ambitions. Fully one-quarter of your lived-lives have been totally different. You can't compare yourself to him anymore. He is his own man."

Her words don't make Jason feel any better.

"But if you- I mean, if Phoebe and Neil had said I was Hope and he was me, I could have turned directly into him. At the moment of our divergence, we were still identical. If I had lost Phoebe and ended up listening to Neil, it would have been me who killed forty billion Volgrim."

"You can't know that for certain..." Fiona says hesitantly. "But... even if you're right, so what? You're still you in the end. You've made mistakes, Hope's made mistakes. You shouldn't compare yourself to other people, even if they're literally your clone. All you can do is look to improve yourself over time."

"Yeah. I guess you're right." Jason says absentmindedly. "I just need to work on improving myself..."

Jason reaches the end of the hallway. It opens out into the same tech-laboratory as before, with dozens of important-looking scientists and researchers walking around. Some of those nearest the hallway exit glance at the Wordsmith for a moment before looking away.

Jason stands in place for all of ten seconds before a familiar woman with curly red hair and a white labcoat saunters over to him.

"Jason. You're here." Marie Becker says, pushing her glasses up her nose. "Have anything to say?"

Jason turns to the woman and smiles. For a brief moment, he feels a little lost at the odd implication in her words, but he quickly realizes what she means.

"Oh, yeah. Uh. Sorry about... running off on you like that."

"_Sorry_? That's it?" Marie snarks. "You left me with a raging Confessor who wanted to tear my whole facility apart. God, Vulpanix was _so_ annoying for the next four hours. She would not stop until I gave her a 'satisfactory' explanation for the strange entity in my walls. I deflected and deflected until she ultimately gave up, but I could tell she was ready to crush me into bits."

"Yet she didn't." Jason points out. "No matter how angry she felt, you're too important to the Volgrim Empire. Especially since you make the only bombs capable of eradicating infested planets."

Marie's nose twitches. "So what? It was still annoying, brat. And where's the woman? Researcher 4125 said they were going to bring you and your wife here."

"4125?" Jason repeats. "You mean... Rebecca?"

"Sure. Rebecca. You can call it by whatever designation you want." Marie replies. "Never mind. I don't care if your wife is here or not. You've ended up in quite the predicament, Wordsmith. Seems you'll need to take-take-take from me if you want to survive..."

Jason frowns. _Did she just refer to Rebecca as an 'it'? That's pretty fucked up._

But he doesn't give voice to that thought.

"I could use your 'help' right now, yeah. My clone has really 'jumped the gun' recently."

Marie glances to the right and left. She crosses her arms and stands in a casual pose, yet also somehow appears visibly apprehensive.

"We should go somewhere more comfortable, Jason. I know you inferior biologicals need to consume nutrients. Care to go on a quick date with me?"

"I'm married." Jason says, without a hint of sarcasm. "But I get your meaning. Sure. Take me somewhere fancy."

The two of them communicate subtly in their own way without mentioning the existence of Heroic Artifacts, or anything else of that nature. Marie turns to start walking to that same elevator leading into Earth's depths, and Jason follows along beside her.

_Come to think of it,_ Jason ponders mentally, _with Ose dead and Vulpanix out of commission, who's really going to snoop on Marie at a time like this? I thought Ose was her biggest worry, being a techno-demon and all._

"Well, there ARE a lot of Technopaths out there." Fiona points out, her words reaching Jason only. "With all the actions Hope has taken lately, it's possible he's stirred up the hornet's nest. Or, maybe Marie just wants to be careful."

_That makes sense._ Jason thinks.

He and Marie continue to chat about idle things. They pass by many more scientists, and as they do, Jason starts to notice something about Marie...

She never pays attention or even glances at a single one of the people working under her.

The Wordsmith finds this to be... odd.

"Say, Marie?"

"Yes?"

Jason coughs. "Earlier, you called Rebecca an 'it.' You also don't really seem to care all that much about the people working under you. The... cyborgs? Is there a reason for your indifference?"

Marie rolls her eyes. "Your vision is shortsighted. I refer to Researcher 4125 by a genderless designation because it has no gender. I do refer to myself as female due to my ancient biological attachments, but the distinction is pointless. We are no longer inferior biological humans, like yourself. We have transcended. We are superior mechanized humans who no longer live in slavery to our primitive urges. Perhaps someday, given time to develop, you will also advance humanity to our level."

"I don't think it's meaningless." Jason retorts. "Does Rebecca want to be called by her name, or by some numerical designation? Does she want to be referred to by a specific gender, or not? I feel like you're ignoring her feelings here."

"Feelings." Marie repeats, as she and Jason arrive at the elevator and step inside. "Those are biological failings. Researcher 4125 is a low-level drone who has accomplished little. It has been with my organization since the beginning, yet has failed to perform any distinctive feats, nor invented anything of value. Now, it only monitors the Oasis's teleportation gates for _extremely_ rare arrivals or outgoing transfers. Aside from that, 4125 presents little value."

Jason falls silent for a moment as Marie presses a button to take the elevator down to the lowest level of her entire complex.

He remembers his first conversations with Rebecca a couple of months earlier. He remembers the sadness in her eyes about how useless she felt, as well as her lack of upward mobility. Her frustration at the stagnation of her existence.

"You're wrong." Jason says. "Rebecca is not some useless unit. She was there when I entered my cryopod. Maybe that doesn't mean anything to you, but it does to me."

He turns to Marie, as the elevator descends.

"How about this. If Rebecca is so useless to you, why don't I take her off your hands? I can employ her on behalf of humanity. It's not like you'll miss her when she's gone, since she's so 'useless.' Right?"

Marie raises an eyebrow. "There are thousands of other functionally identical drones of 4125's utility. Fine. You may take it with you when you leave. One missing drone won't make a difference."

"Just like that?" Jason asks, slightly shocked. "You're not even going to put up a paltry resistance? You're kind of... coldhearted."

"I am an autonomous cybernetic organism." Marie says. "My 'heart' is made of fibersteel. Or at least, the artificial organ that powers this bio-vessel."

"You're also missing the point." Jason says. "But never mind. Is Rebecca your most 'useless' drone here, or do you have any others you wouldn't miss?"

Marie glances up at the ceiling in thought.

"Hmm. Over the past 100,000 cycles, I have noted a severe decline in several hundred other drone units. They also now perform barely useful functions. The most essential work is performed inside my main and side labs. As for maintenance, it doesn't take more than two thousand drones to maintain the Oasis."

"Great." Jason says, his heart suddenly tensing as he quietly makes an important realization. "If you don't want those drones either, then I'll take them off your hands too. I'll make sure everyone I bring back has a purpose."

"Whatever. Losing three hundred useless drones won't make any difference." Marie says, not particularly caring one way or the other. "The Plague's spread has sped up noticeably, of late. I have bigger priorities to manage. And now that we've descended far enough..."

Marie pauses.

She cocks her head, then her entire body slightly twitches. After a moment, her posture relaxes again.

"We've reached the Exclusion Zone. I just cut off my link to Umi. Now we can talk securely."

Jason also relaxes. "Good. So. You have artifacts. I need them to maintain the balance."

Marie chews on her lip, an action uncharacteristic of someone who always acts as if 'erasing emotions' is the perfect ideal...

"My artifacts are precious, Wordsmith. I won't lie. I was researching a way to harness their power despite possessing an autonomous body now. But the lack of spirituality in my mechanized form, as well as all of the drones under me... it made my investigations fruitless."

"Then you should give them to me." Jason says. "I can make good use of those artifacts. Furthermore, Hope is dangerous. He's already killed forty billion Volgrim. Who knows what boundaries he'll break next!"

"According to the intelligence I've gathered," Marie replies carefully, "your clone acquired over a thousand artifacts from Moonbase Serris. To be honest, I had no idea that was where the Volgrim were storing the artifacts they had gathered, nor was I aware of the exact number. Until recently, I had no idea they even possessed Excalibur. All those millennia I spent searching, and it was right under my nose..."

She clicks her tongue.

"Tsk. And now what? Do you think I have enough artifacts to contend with the ones Hope recovered from the Volgrim? By no means! In total, I have accumulated just under a hundred and fifty artifacts, and that's counting the ones you _stole_ from me."

Marie gives Jason a nasty glare, making him smile awkwardly.

"Ahh... well, little Shana was just so cute, you know? And it turned out Sir Lorent was actually my wife's nephew. Turns out you didn't need him anyway, right? Since the Volgrim had Excalibur the whole time, and all?"

"Seven Hells, you're an aggravating little shit." Marie snaps, turning to face the elevator door as it reaches the bottom. "I spent millennia scouring the Sol system for lost relics. Not only on Earth, but in the distant reaches of the star system. Do you have _any_ idea how difficult it is to locate a piece of metal floating amidst the void, let alone identify it as a Heroic Artifact? I'm still not certain if all the ones I've recovered are the genuine article."

The elevator door opens, leading to that same hallway with the false side entrance Jason remembers from the last time he visited.

The Wordsmith sighs as he falls into step beside Marie.

"A hundred and fifty. It's better than none. I need all the help I can get."

"That will depend entirely on how your conversation with Mildred goes." Marie says. "I'm looking forward to finally deriving some value from you, Wordsmith."