Part 571: Henry's Promise
Part 571: Henry's Promise

"My fault?" Jason asks, as he looks Hope in the eye. "_My_ fault? You're going to play the blame game here and now, after this colossal fuck-up? This was YOUR operation! You were supposed to be supporting the invasion force from the rear! I barely got back in time to start teleporting everyone to Yardris! Then you sat on your ass while I swooped in and finished off the Kolvaxians that were about to kill EVERYONE here!"

He pauses to take the smallest of breaths.

"Just how in the goddamn HELL do you get on a high horse and think it's okay to blame me?!"

The crowd below flicks their eyes from one Wordsmith to the other. Many suspicious, if not outright hateful gazes fixate on Hope, while just as many grateful expressions hover on Jason. Clearly, one of the two Wordsmiths has done more to save their lives than the other, and not by an insignificant margin.

Hope points a finger at Jason. "You planned for this to happen! You sabotaged me!"

Bewildered, Jason scrunches up his face. "Planned for _what_? For Artoria to get eaten by the fucking Plague? Are you an imbecile?? Maybe you think I made it look easy, but it took the cooperation of Henry and two Middle Cosmic Demon Deities to kill just eight of these newly enhanced Kolvaxians. This is quite literally the worst situation the galaxy could be in, and you think I somehow _orchestrated_ all of this to my benefit? What benefit do I get?! The privilege of knowing all of humanity is about to die?!"

In the midst of his argumentation, Jason throws a bone out to Vespera and Kristoff. Without their timely assistance, his Dronesmiths would not have been able to land the killing blows on the final six Kolvaxians.

Hope grabs at his hair. He tugs on it, looking more than a little insane as he points a shaky finger at the First Wordsmith. "I don't KNOW what your plan is! I just know you always have a way of fucking up in such a way it makes ME look bad! And what a coincidence that you made Artoria and she just so happened to be the catalyst that empowered the Plague. You MUST have done this intentionally!"

Yardrat looks at Hope with an expression of disbelief. "Do you even hear yourself right now? What in the Seven Hells is rolling around in your head? A bag of rocks?"

"Don't you see it?!" Hope snarls, directing his rage at the Bottom Cosmic who dared to speak up. "Diablo is DEAD! You think this chicanery happened by accident? No! Jason orchestrated it! Somehow, he benefits, just you wait and see! He already has safe havens made for the humans. He gets to come out on top, looking like the good guy, while punishing everyone else!"

Yardrat raises an eyebrow, but it's Emperor Crow who speaks next.

"I don't know if Jason has some plot or if you're a raving lunatic babbling nonsense. But what I DO know is both of you only teleported the humans off-world. What about us? What about the demons and Volgrim? Were you just going to leave us to DIE?!"

Kristoff's expression turns ugly. "Answer the question, Wordsmiths! Both of you! This was a betrayal, plain and simple!"

Loputo Jidelor says nothing, but he pays careful attention to the body movements and facial expressions of both Wordsmiths, recording their replies for archival and later perusal. Perhaps the First Founder will be able to glean important details that Loputo cannot.

"I ran myself ragged rescuing the humans." Jason says. "All together, Hope and I managed to save just under a hundred thousand people, one at a time. Do you know how many times I had to say the word 'Return'? Quite literally seventy thousand times. Hope probably rescued forty thousand while I rescued sixty. Not that I was counting, but I was so exhausted I wanted to die by the end. I only recovered enough to intervene with my Dronesmiths because I was able to take a power-nap for a few hours."

Hope grimaces. "The situation was similar for me. Even pulling upon Excalibur's power, I barely managed to save the humans. I hoped Yardrat would be able to save the demons, and he did, as Solomon advised. I fell unconscious afterward and only woke up right as Jason killed the last Kolvaxians."

Hearing that both Wordsmiths were somehow sleeping or unconscious for 'several hours' confuses the demons and humans, but the Volgrim aren't quite so befuddled.

"You were both residing within time-accelerated domains." Loputo Jidelor points out. "That is why you were able to rescue so many humans, so quickly. But you still gambled with our lives. That was unacceptable."

"I don't care what your excuses were." Yardrat adds. "I knew opening a portal would risk bringing the Plague to Yardris, and I was right. We're lucky everyone didn't die at the end."

"Not lucky." Jason says. "I planned for several negative contingencies in the months leading up to this operation. I never could have planned for the Plague to become so terrifying, but I did anticipate needing to fight the Executor Plaguehosts. My Dronesmiths were well-equipped for the situation at hand."

Hope sneers. "And yet you claim you didn't plan this all out! How _convenient_ that you ended up the strongest player at the end."

Jason glares at his clone. "Do you want to fight, Hope? We can fight. I'm exhausted, but so are you. Maybe, while the newly empowered Plague rips our galaxy apart, you and I can beat each other to death and let the others die in the aftermath. Is that what you want?"

"Boys, boys, calm down your raging hormones." Vespera says, intervening with her words. "You're embarrassing yourselves! Hope might be throwing random accusations around, but he has made a few points I find hard to ignore. Jason, it is not unreasonable to point out that you have benefited from the death of Diablo and the revelation to us of your power. All I can say is that I'm disappointed beyond belief by how today's events have transpired. Maybe this was a big win for the First Wordsmith, but overall I feel it was a terrible loss for ALL the Sentients present. Our Foe is stronger than ever, while we have only weakened."

Kristoff nods at his comrade from across their two portals. "Well-spoken, Vespera. Everyone, let us set aside the ugly matters. What are we going to do next, now that the Plague has become practically invincible? Expecting Middle Cosmics to shred through their mortal bodies one at a time is infeasible. I'd die of exhaustion before I killed fifty thousand, let alone a million, billion, or trillion Plaguehosts."

[I need to contact the Founders.] Demila says. [It is clear that the trust we've extended each other has become compromised. At the same time, we need each other more than ever, barring some unknown trump card the Wordsmiths are holding in reserve.]

Demila directs a withering glare Jason's way. He frowns at her.

"Don't look at me. I'm NOT holding some secret from all of you. What happened today was a tragedy. I didn't mastermind some brilliant plan to benefit humanity and fuck over the rest of you. All of this was an accident!"

[Yes, that is what you've claimed.] Demila says, not deigning to continue the line of discussion. [I've received tentative word from the Second Founder that the Plague has ceased its activities for the moment. No further worlds have been attacked, which indicates some unknown variable at play.]

Hope glowers at Jason, but he doesn't speak his concerns.

_As if we don't all know who might have put that 'unknown variable' into play. Bastard, Jason..._

His animosity isn't hidden at all, so Jason easily picks up on it. He doesn't confront his clone though, and instead moves on to other things.

"**Gate.** All humans, step through and return to Tarus II. Volgrim, I can open a gate back to Volgarius, if you'd like."

He materializes a false Warpgate that connects back to a designated position on Tarus II, allowing the human soldiers to start filing through, but the Volgrim reject his offer.

[No need.] Demila says. [We will return using Deity Yardrat's methods.]

Jason nods. _She doesn't trust me now. All because of what Hope has been insinuating. For fuck's sake..._

The humans go their own way, while the demons and Volgrim stick together, shooting side-glances at their former allies. The betrayal by the humans, whether intentional or unintentional, rubs both of them the wrong way. And while the demons might not have Diablo on their side anymore, thus drastically reducing their bargaining power, they have already demonstrated the ability to project Middle Cosmic fighting power throughout the Milky Way. They still have ways to make inroads with the Volgrim if the situation continues to worsen, and it likely will.

As for the puny humans? Aside from the Wordsmiths and Henry, they are clearly still the weakest faction. They won't last long if they don't come back to the bargaining table while offering serious concessions.

Jason thinks about these facts, and many others, as he and Hope herd the soldiers into the portal that will take all of them back to the Northern Side of Tarus II. Once everyone steps through, Jason closes the portal, then he turns to Henry.

"You made good use of that sword. You killed the Kolvaxian faster than I thought you would. I was worried you might get overwhelmed and devoured, but you didn't."

Hope stands next to Henry, glowering at Jason. But he remains silent while Jason and his 'lackey' make conversation.

"Well, this sword is incredible. I can't believe you made it for me." Henry says, tempering his excitement. The knowledge Hope is looking over his shoulder ensures he can't display too much enthusiasm, lest he upset his benefactor. Ultimately, his station in life was achieved only because he aligned himself with the Second Wordsmith, not the First. "Do you want it back now?"

"The sword is yours." Jason says. "I made it specifically for you after observing your capabilities during training, and during the initial fighting on Reaver. I can't mass-produce more. It is truly a one-of-a-kind artifact. I haven't even given it a name yet; thought I'd let you do that yourself."

Henry glances at Hope, but the Second Wordsmith remains silent. He simply continues to glare at Jason, barely keeping his anger contained.

Sensing the deep animosity between Hope and Jason, Henry sighs. In his mind, the two Wordsmiths should be working for humanity's mutual benefit, but Hope's deep distrust of his former self only worsens whenever the two come into contact. It isn't Henry's place to intervene. He instead focuses on the here and now.

He looks back at Jason. "Can you tell me about the runes? What do they all do? The yellow and green ones don't seem to do anything obvious..."

"You've already figured some of them out, I assume, but I can give you a more detailed explanation." Jason says. "I made this weapon over the span of a week, along with Blinker's assistance. In actuality, it is more than _thirty_ swords all combined into one via the power of Wordsmithing and fairy magic. The runes allow you to change the state of the blade using quantum entanglement. You see, using a sort of complicated series of logic gates, I was able to make it so you can have up to two runes active, enabling a lot of different combinations-"

Jason pauses, realizing Henry's eyes are starting to fog over. Despite becoming massively more competent as a result of joining Jepthath's Legion, he's still an illiterate young fellow from one of the Wild Worlds, lacking in 'book smarts'.

Jason changes his track of speech instantly.

"-combinations that don't matter too much. All that matters is that you can combine two different 'states' of the sword together in most cases, though a few won't work very well. I believe there's a few edge cases that might allow three runes to be active at once, so you'll just have to experiment and see."

"Okay, but what do all the, uh, colors do?" Henry asks.

"The Brown Rune is the simplest one to understand." Jason explains. "Blinker calls it the Material Rune because it affects the weapon's material composition, like its weight, durability, and sharpness. It has three states, making it weigh one ton, two tons, and four tons. We designed these weights to apply to your enhanced body based on our examinations of what you're capable of lifting."

Henry nods. "I guessed about that much."

"Next, the red rune." Jason continues. "The three states are 'off', 'blood,' and 'flame.' The Blood Form will allow the weapon to drain the vitality of your opponents into the weapon, and thus, yourself, allowing you to conserve stamina while sucking the life out of your enemies. It won't be any use against machines, but that much should be obvious. The flame-mode, as you've already found out, is great for burning apart the atomic structure of your opponent's bodies. It's almost like you're swinging around a Beelzebub-in-sword-form, or something."

"So that's what the blood-sword does..." Henry mutters, looking at the weapon in his grasp with awe. "Amazing!"

Hope scowls. He doesn't want to ruin Henry's good mood, and the sword is truly a weapon suited to him, but the fact Jason is slowly making 'his' guy look at him favorably rankles him more than ever. He turns away, mutters the word 'Return' under his breath, and vanishes.

With Hope abruptly disappearing, Henry's good mood disappears. He turns to the side, looking at the spot where Hope was just standing, and sighs.

"Hope will get over this." Jason says. "At least, I think he will. It's hard to say. He blames me for everything these days."

"You're not giving me this sword to suck up to me, are you?" Henry asks. "Not that I don't love it! This weapon is just what I needed! But..."

Jason shakes his head. He chuckles quietly. "No, Henry. This has nothing to do with me wanting to sway you to my side or whatever. I've never disliked you. If anything, you should be one of the people I like most. After all, you fucked over Neil, right? And Neil and I were 'enemies,' so to speak. I don't think that's worth praising, or anything. I'm just saying, in terms of 'where we should be,' you and I aren't opponents to one another. I'm glad to see Hope was able to help you get back on your feet. You were a victim of Ose's manipulation, and Ose was able to manipulate you because I didn't take enough precautions against someone of her capabilities, despite having Solomon's Crown at the time."

Henry frowns. He doesn't like being reminded of what he did to Neil. The moment passes, and he moves on.

"I pray I don't fall for someone's deception that easily ever again." Henry mutters.

"As do I." Jason agrees.

The First Wordsmith continues explaining to Henry what all the other colored runes do, making the young man's eyebrows raise multiple times.

"The Blue Rune is the Rune of Cold. It contains the elemental power of Water and Ice, but isn't compatible with the Fire Rune. Blood should work, though."

"The Yellow Rune contains a Lightning mode, but also a mode I've termed 'Hyperspeed'. It doesn't actually make you faster, but it should greatly enhance your _perception_ of time, temporarily drawing your brain into a concentrated Time Dilation realm 250 times faster than realspace. This will allow you to think faster, mentally train faster, perhaps even sleep faster! Maybe you can get a good night's rest every day with just a few minutes spent in realspace! But don't abuse it, it might have serious negative repercussions for your mental health."

"Finally, the Green Rune. I'm personally calling it the Rune of Health, but you can call it something else if you like. The first setting, I actually got the idea from the Kolvaxians. It will allow you to regenerate your wounds and recover from most injuries, but only so long as you are in contact with the soil of a planet. You will essentially create a miniature Formation around yourself that draws in ambient life energy to heal your body. Think of it like having Belial around whenever you get in a pickle. It should work well in conjunction with the Blood Rune for even more efficient healing!"

Henry gasps. "That is a super-useful ability. Amazing!"

"Right?" Jason asks. "And the second setting is for defense. I based it on Bael, but it does happen to bear some similarities to the new Kolvaxians too. It makes your body extremely durable so you can take heavier hits."

Jason continues. "The idea is that with this sword, you'll be able to adapt your fighting style to different Threats. You can become one of humanity's champions, like Hope and I. We need strong humans if we're going to survive the coming galaxy wars. The sword's powers draw upon your internal mana reserves, so the more powerful you become, the stronger the sword will become!"

Henry nods. "I certainly appreciate the assistance. But..."

He pauses.

"Why didn't you or Hope save Artoria? With a single word, you could have teleported her out of the danger zone. She didn't deserve to die like that."

"We couldn't." Jason explains. "The Kolvaxians have a power not dissimilar to Gressil. They can nullify many different magical abilities within a certain range of their bodies. Teleportation becomes a lot harder, for example. It's why I couldn't rescue the human troopers who were closest to the front-lines. We lost a lot of good men and women as a result."

"But they can come back to life, right?" Henry asks. "The Psion Executors were devoured by the Plague, but they're still around. Can't the Lazarus Tower bring our people back? Maybe even bring Artoria back?"

Jason falls silent. He looks away, his expression becoming morose.

"Sorry, Henry. That isn't the case. The Psions are a special case. Any humans devoured by the Plague will have their souls consumed as well. The Lazarus Tower can't revive them. As for Artoria, she wasn't a human, so she couldn't benefit from the Tower. Artoria... is gone."

"Oh."

Henry looks at his amazing new sword, but he no longer feels as enthusiastic about its powers. He thinks to himself that he'd give it away in a heartbeat if it could bring Artoria back, and the troopers who fell at the front-lines. They didn't deserve to die, and the weapon simply pales in comparison to their lives.

"You liked her." Jason says simply, startling Henry out of his thoughts. "Artoria, I mean."

"I, I mean, _liked_ her?" Henry asks, blushing slightly. "Well, she was beautiful. But we didn't know each other. It was a childish crush. And she wasn't a human anyway. Plus we barely talked. I didn't even save her... I don't deserve to feel anything when I let her die like that."

"Don't do that." Jason says, reaching out to squeeze Henry's shoulder. "Don't diminish your feelings like that. You know, I loved Amelia too, in my own childish way. Then I had to kill her because she became a monster. Now she's back, and it's rather surreal knowing she and my clone are together. Just because bad things happened, that doesn't diminish the feelings I once had for her. You shouldn't hate yourself just because you failed at a task you weren't equipped to handle. Neither physically nor emotionally. Perhaps, if I'd given you that sword a little sooner, Artoria might still be here."

Henry smiles weakly. He looks at the ground, feeling an indescribably raw emotion claw at his heart.

"You're right."

He pauses.

"_Artoria._" Henry says, looking at the sword. "I'll name it in remembrance of her. When I fight, I'll... I'll keep that image of her in my heart. That way, her memory will never fade."

He looks up at the warm blue sky, feeling misty-eyed for the first time in a long time.

"She might not have been a human, but she fought for us. I'll take revenge in her name. I'll wipe out the Kolvaxians... and if there's any way to bring Artoria back, I'll spend the rest of my life searching for it."

Jason smiles tightly, his lips drawing a thin line as he looks at the sad young man in front of him.

"You do that, Henry. Every soldier needs the will to fight. Make Artoria proud by saving the people she would have wanted to save."

He pulls his hand away from Henry's shoulder, then he pauses.

"...You know, Artoria was a Black Hole Construct. But she isn't the only one I made."

"What?" Henry asks, startled. "Artoria has a clone?"

"No. Not a clone. More like... a sister. Her name is Soleil." Jason explains. "She's taken the shape of an angel, and she lives in the eastern church, topside of the Plateau. You've seen the church, right?"

Henry nods slowly. "She's like Artoria, then?"

"Well. They're different people. Artoria was... quiet. Silent, by most accounts. Soleil talks a lot more. She's also..."

Jason pauses. He lowers his voice and leans in close to whisper in Henry's ear.

"_She's protecting the last angel, Cassiel. The last truly-living angel, not like the Archangels who are mere souls contained within rings._"

"Cassiel..." Henry whispers. "If she can be considered Artoria's sister, then I'll do what I can to protect her in Artoria's stead."

"Artoria would like that." Jason says, smiling more genuinely than before. "I can introduce you later, if you'd like. Right now, though, I have to deal with today's matters. We'll talk again soon, alright?"

Henry nods. "I hope so. Thank you for the sword, Jason."

"The best way you can thank me is by mastering its powers." Jason says. "Make 'Artoria' a weapon our enemies will fear to go against."

"I will."

With a nod, Jason takes his leave. The Dronesmith turns and walks away, leaving Henry to his thoughts.

Henry looks down at the sword in his hands and smiles.

"_Artoria._"

...

Hope Hiro watches the Dronesmith from the Hall of Heroes. He sneers at Jason's words, growing more and more disgusted as Jason worms his way into Henry's good graces.

"Bastard." Hope mutters, scrying the Dronesmith's movements. "You think I wouldn't notice? What a _coincidence_ that sword is, eh? Beelzebub's flames. Nerissa's ice. The magic of demons, and the entire 'Health Rune' seems a little _too_ 'similar' to the Kolvaxians for my liking."

Hope's eye twitches.

"You may have the others fooled, but not me. Somehow, some way, you engineered all of this. I'm going to find out how, and when I do, I'm going to make everyone see you for the liar and the manipulator that you truly are."

A voice seemingly whispers in the back of Hope's mind, driving his thoughts further in that direction.

He sneers.

"Then... I'll _kill_ you myself."