Yawning mightily, I stretch my arms out and blink my eyes open. The sound of trickling water nearby catches my attention, along with a distant banging, like a spoon on a pan. I start to lean forward, and my back pops satisfyingly, stunning me for a second. 

I think I just had the best sleep of my entire life.

My eyes rove around. I have no idea where I am, but it seems... _cozy_. The cavern I'm in is perhaps thirty feet squared, and moss covers all the cavern walls. To my right, a small freshwater stream bubbles from a wall, drips down, and runs along a natural culvert in the ground until it enters another wall. Hoarhiim's orb illuminates the room, but he doesn't appear in my mind. Perhaps he's sleeping? I stick him in my belt pouch.

My head hurts. I reach up to rub it, only to realize I'm still wearing Solomon's Crown. With a shrug, I activate my mental map. It takes me a few minutes, but I manage to piece together my current position compared to where I was when I fell asleep: about three miles away. I heal the sores on my head with a quick spell and lean back to think.

I didn't fall asleep. Amelia knocked me out. Where is she? 

I clamber to my feet, but there's nobody else here. The entrance before me is barely a hole in the wall. I'd have to crawl on my hands and knees to get through it. Did Amelia drag me here? How did she fit me inside?

A glance at my resting area shows the moss I was sleeping on is thick to the point of artificiality. It looks like someone grew it by hand, just for me.

Another minute passes. I don't know where Amelia is, but an idea pops into my head. "**Locate.**"

My vision goes foggy for a second. My eyes suddenly race to the wall before me, pass through it, and travel around several corners to stop before Amelia as she walks along a corridor. She doesn't notice me, indicating I must have somehow used astral projection? I return to my body a moment later, nearly tripping and falling backward in the process. 

_That was jarring._

With a sigh, I get down on my hands and knees and start crawling out the little hole. Amelia's on her way back, and she isn't far, so she'll probably show up within a minute or two.

The hole looks like it was cut or smashed into the wall, and recently at that. As I shimmy through the few feet of dirt, I stop to scrutinize the hole. It almost looks like the Labyrinth's stonework is slowly growing back. Regeneration? Why would the Labyrinth do that?

I emerge from the hole and instantly freeze. The sound of humming and giggling echoes in the distance, all from women. 

_What the hell?_

Their voices are cute. Friendly. Beautiful, even. A lump forms in my throat. I'm back in the labyrinthine dirt hallways I know and hate, but those voices are in the opposite direction of Amelia. Should I wait for her? Tch, she'll probably tell me to ignore them.

A high note from one of the girl's songs lilts up, tugging on my chest as I listen. _Amelia won't mind. I just want to take a quick peek. Won't take me more than ten seconds!_

_No!_ My mind screams at me. _This place is literally Hell! Don't just go check out chicks! Your life is at stake!_

_Oh, shut up, you. What can some pretty girls do? Besides, I have Wordsmithing. My fire spell can protect me if nothing else can. A little eye-fucking won't hurt anyone._

Two voices battle within me. I ignore the voice of reason and slowly tiptoe down the hallway. As I do, the girls grow more audible. They're perhaps the most incredible singers I've ever heard in my entire life. I almost want to grab them and force them to record music all day for me so I can run a billion-dollar recording company.

The sounds of water splashing around mix in with their giggles. Hoarhiim's orb usually lights up the Labyrinth, but it always tapers off the further away I look. This time, though, I can see a blue light up ahead. 

Not wanting to disturb them, I slowly tiptoe and approach the doorway on the left. I try to muffle Hoarhiim's light with my hands, but it only works somewhat. _Maybe they won't notice!_

"Teehee!" A girl giggles again, making blood rush through my body. _God, she sounds sexy._

Hoarhiim appears in my vision, yawning. "Oh, Jason. You're awake. What are you up to?"

I don't answer. I arrive at the doorway, and now the blue light pouring from it is unmistakable. Just inside, to the left, all those sexy girls are waiting for me. It's taking all my willpower not to tear off my clothes and dash inside. _I can't do that! They'll freak out and run away!_

Cautiously, I peek around the corner.

My blood freezes.

Whatever the things are in this room, they aren't sexy girls. They aren't girls, even. They're... monsters.

_And they're staring right at me._

"I told you I smelled a man!" One of the horrifying fish-like creatures licks its lips, but its voice is still that of a hauntingly beautiful woman. As its tongue snakes out, I catch a glimpse of several hundred razor-sharp teeth.

"Jason..." Hoarhiim quietly whispers. "...Those are _sirens_. Run."

My gaze locks onto the nearest one's pitch-black eyes. We stare at each other for all of two seconds.

Then every living thing in the room leaps out of the water and slithers across the ground toward me.

One of the monsters bellows, "I saw him first! He's mine!!"

Another retorts, "I haven't tasted a man in months! I call dibs!"

I don't know the exact moment my body reacts instinctively, but one second my head is peeking inside the monster den, and the next I'm thirty feet down the hallway, running for my life. The sound of wet fins slapping on the ground and giggling of sexy women makes me move like the wind.

I glance behind me and spot ten of the monsters. Each one has a head like a cross between a fish and a shark, but their middle section is humanlike, with uncovered female breasts and two arms, while the bottom is something like I'd expect on a mermaid.

"We want to kiss you, boy! Come play with us!"

"Gah! Stay away!"

I hit the end of the corridor, then turn to take a right, only to smack face-first into Amelia.

"Wah!" She falls back and smashes onto her ass. I trip and stumble past her, bang my face against the wall, and land on the ground.

"Jason! What the hell?" Amelia leaps to her feet a moment later and turns to look at me. "You were supposed to be rest-"

"Behind you!" I yell the words out and point in her direction. At that moment, the Sirens come tearing around the hallway, giggling the whole time.

However, the instant they arrive, they stop dead in their tracks as their eyes lock onto Amelia.

Seconds pass. Amelia glares at them, and they shrink back slightly.

"B-Black Witch? But... but you're supposed to be..."

Amelia clears her throat. "What's going on here? Were you chasing my slave just now?"

"Slave? Yours? No! Of-of course not!" The head Siren shrinks away slightly. "We were just giving him a scare! Didn't want him, err, wandering into the wrong areas! Y-you know how it is!"

Amelia's foot slides forward half an inch, and the Sirens jerk away again. "Wow! I'm glad we got _that_ misunderstanding cleared up! Hahaha! I mean, if you _were_ trying to do something to him, I'd have to punish you! Hahaha!"

Amelia's giggle lilts cutely in a way that even the siren's don't. The Sirens all quickly retreat; their sloppy wet bodies dragging across the ground. "Well, ah, very good then! Carry on, Black Witch! Y-you have a wonderful day!"

Without turning their backs on her, the Sirens slowly slide around the corner, only to flop away once Amelia is out of sight.

A few moments pass, and Amelia sighs. "Oh, Jason. Don't tell me you got caught up with the Sirens. Did their cute voices draw you in?"

"Um... no?" I force a lie out, but even I don't believe myself. "Okay, yeah. I don't know what came over me."

"Stupidity, that's what. Siren voices can call out to males of other species and draw them in. They devour the body and lay their eggs in the fresh corpse. Even if you thought the fish-faces were attractive, they reproduce asexually. Not much luck there for you, I'm afraid."

"Y-yeah, I guess."  

I don't know what to say. Sometimes hearing this child talk about such grown-up things can be very jarring.

A few moments pass, and I change the subject. "Where have you been?"

Amelia smiles. "I had to catch up on the latest happenings. Being stuck in a statue for thousands of years can put a girl out of the loop!"

"Yeah..." I pause to stare at her for a moment. "Say, all I did was smash that statue, and you were released. Why didn't anyone else do that? I didn't see anyone guarding the room..."

Her smile fades slightly. "That's not your business, Jason. Don't shove your nose where it doesn't belong."

Hoarhiim clears his throat. "Simply put, Lady Amelia had nobody to pull her out. Demons and monsters hate her, after all."

"Hoarhiim!" Amelia puffs her cheeks out. "Don't just say whatever you please!"

Well, the cat's out of the bag. I might as well push a little more. "Who put you in the statue? Medusa?"

Amelia curls her free hand into a fist. "A very evil woman, that's who. Someone who took pleasure in tormenting me. Do you want to know, Jason? Do you have to ask, even if it hurts me?"

I quickly shake my head. "No, sorry. I'm too curious for my own good and terrible at respecting boundaries."

"Yeah, I'll say." Amelia crosses her arms and looks away. "Let's move on. Why are _you_ here?"

"I don't know what you mean."

"The Labyrinth, Jason. Why are you in the Labyrinth? Blaarjiim tells me you claim to be from Earth. I'm also from Earth, so I find that hard to believe. Humans barely live for a hundred years, let alone a hundred thousand."

"A hundred thousand? What do you mean?"

Amelia doesn't reply for a moment. "It's hard to believe, I know, but Earth was destroyed a hundred thousand years ago. You didn't know?"

"I had no idea!" I gawk at Amelia for several seconds as a bazillion thoughts appear in my mind. "B-but the cryopod was only supposed to freeze me for a thousand years! How could the battery have lasted for a hundred thousand? That's impossible!"

"Cryopod?" Amelia glances at Blaarjiim's orb. "What's that?"

The dark god shrugs. "The mortal is full of surprises."

I spend the next several minutes explaining to Amelia everything about myself and the cryopod, and she nods along, interrupting only to tell me to elaborate on this or that.

"A cryogenic pod for freezing people, huh?" Amelia finally leans back against the wall to let my words sink in. "But if it freezes you, wouldn't you die? Most humans die if they stand in the cold too long. Your story is a little unbelievable."

"It's a... uh... _science thing_," I reply. "The scientists used chemicals for the freezing process, and a bunch of other stuff was done to wake me up when the time was right. I'm not sure I could explain the process so you'd understand."

Amelia lurches toward me. "Are you calling me... _stupid_?"

"No! No, absolutely not! Uh, it's... it's mostly me! Yeah, I'm an idiot, so I can't explain it well!"

My quick deflection sates her curiosity. "Nice save. Anyway, you say you came here in that pod-thing, so where is it?"

"What do you mean? Do you want me to show it to you?"

Amelia nods. "Yeah. I want to see it. Do you know where it is?"

"Uhh..." I pull up my mental map quickly and scan the hallways. "It's a good distance away. Um. The only thing is, I kinda don't want to find it."

"Oh? Afraid I'll find out you're a liar?" 

"Aaaactually, it's more about the, um, the _friend_ I made when I first woke up. He was scary."

Sighing, Amelia cracks her neck. "Don't worry about demons while I'm around. You'll find them to be quite polite when I'm nearby."

I glance behind her at the trail of piss-water the Sirens left when they fled.

"Yeah. No kidding."