[Recommended Listening: https://youtu.be/DNOu2xijyH0]

Her skirt flapped in the wind as she ran through a field of wheat. Before her, a juicy snack ran with all her strength, trying desperately to escape her clutches.

"Oh my gosh! Slow down, lady!" She called out cheerfully, but for some reason, the woman didn't listen!

The panicking woman screamed in terror and tripped over a rock. She fell to her side and hit the ground hard enough to lose her breath. "D-demon! Monster! Please, no! Stay away! I have a family and children! Don't hurt me!!"

"You've got a whole family too?! Oh, boy, it's my lucky day!" 

She skipped gaily over to the woman and yanked her up by the front of her dress. "If you tell me where they are, I'll make this quick!"

Her eyes bulged. "No, gods! Save me! Somebody help! HELLLP!!"

_Aw, man. She isn't going to squeal. Bummer._ 

She sighed and promptly unhinged her jaw, preparing to devour her like all the others today. "Too bad!"

With a quick flick of her wrist, she tossed the flailing body ten feet in the air and caught it head-first in her mouth, squealing in delight as she bit down and savored all the blood and entrails. Ooh! She tasted way better than the others!

The woman's lip-smacking goodness rolled around in her mouth as she savored every drop of iron-rich blood. The bone-marrow was probably the yuckiest part, but it went down without much resistance.

A glance around the farm after she finished revealed that the woman's husband and children had fled. Men were such wimps. There was once a time when she'd have to watch out for a militia, but that was long before Joan stuffed her in that stupid statue. Humans these days were utterly defenseless!

Blaarjiim smiled in her mind. "Well done, my queen. That makes two hundred and four in the last hour."

She pulled her jaw back together and cracked her neck. "Ohh, it takes too long to eat these snacks one by one! My teeth hurt!"

While she rubbed her chin, Blaarjiim looked her blue dress up and down. "You're covered in blood, my queen. Perhaps you should find a river so that you can bathe and wash your clothes."

"Oh, phooey. I'll just get dirty again. Besides, I don't have to look cute for anyone! Well, other than you, but I know you don't mind the sight of blood."

Blaarjiim chuckled. "Hehe... how right you are."

She scanned the horizon for a moment, squinting to look for movement. She'd already cleared out most of the farms in the area, but the woman said she had a family... they must be hiding somewhere nearby. "Blaarjiim, sweetie, don't keep me waiting. Give me some good news."

Her best friend spun in a circle. "You don't need to ask twice, my queen. I've already investigated the area to look for signs of life. To the west, there are a few birds, and a rodent scampering around in the house. Oh, and three warm bodies behind a hay bale to the north-west." He absentmindedly pointed toward a bale blending in with some dry, cracked yellow grass a half-mile away. "Two children and a man, it seems."

"Yay! Children are the juiciest!"

Her feet kicked up dust as she skipped from the green grass into the yellow field and whistled merrily along the way. A six-year-old girl shrieked at the top of her lungs and bolted from behind the bale, her little brother following in hot pursuit. "Janey! Janey!!" A man jumped out from behind the bale of hay, a shovel in his hand. His entire body shook in terror. "Fiend! I'll- I'll end you myself!"

She wiggled her finger at him and leaned forward, showing him her brightest smile. "Big words, mister! Your wifey-poo screamed for help, but you let her die like the shameless coward you are! What are you gonna do with that shovel, anyway? Surely you're not going to hit a cute little girl like-"

The man leaped forward, howling at the top of his lungs. "MONSTER! DIE!"

She rewarded his bravery by standing perfectly still and letting his shovel smash against her face. Naturally, his pitiful attack did nothing. "Was that IT? Oh gee golly whiz, I thought you were a big strong man! I didn't even flinch!"

The man pulled away, a look of panic on his face. "You're... you're not human!!"

With a shrug of her shoulders, she sighed. "Yeah. I get that a lot."

After an awkward silence, she jumped at the man and broke his neck in one quick motion. His clothes were nasty, so she tore them off before hurling his body into her gaping maw. 

_Yeck. He tasted terrible. Far worse than his wife did._

"Aaaooo... Blaarjiim, my tummy feels awful."

He nodded comfortingly. "I know, my queen, but you must endure the pain. You've already grown significantly from your former self. By human reckoning, you appear nearly sixteen years old. Soon, you'll return to your full power."

She glanced down and examined herself. Already her kiddish body had begun filling out into an adult figure. "How many have I eaten?"

"Around twenty thousand, by my reckoning."

"That isn't nearly enough." 

Her eyes swept into the distance. She could barely make out the forms of the little boy and girl fleeing for their lives. They wouldn't make it far.

Blaarjiim slipped a note of curiosity into his voice. "Oh? You sound worried. Does your concern have anything to do with the mortal?"

"I don't know what you're talking about."

"The Wordsmith. You left him behind with the rest of his kind. You should have dragged him along." Blaarjiim growled in annoyance. "They might heal him."

"Unlikely. Bahamut doesn't have the healing technology the humans did during the Energy Wars. Demons won't heal him. He won't be able to Wordsmith. There's no issue."

A minute passed. Blaarjiim didn't say anything. She started to walk toward the boy and the girl, pleased he'd finally shut his trap, but then he spoke again. "Your heart has grown attached to the mortal. I sense your conflicting emotions when he is near. When he summoned the wall of flame, you confided in me that his latent power was terrifying. Despite this, you revealed your weakness to him, and now he knows that you're no match against the higher demons. Even paralyzed, he could give that information to them and-"

"And what, Blaarjiim?!" She burst into anger and grabbed his orb out of her purse to glare at it. "He can't speak, and he can't move! Jason's just a lump of flesh rotting in a bed! No demon will heal a human, and humans can't treat him, either. He's as good as dead, so why do you care?!"

Blaarjiim cocked his head. "Ah. I understand, now. I see why you didn't bring him along."

His reversal made her hesitate. "You... you do?"

"Mmm." He rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "You plan to heal and challenge him to combat. You must still feel the sting of defeat even to this day, so your ultimate goal is to beat him and redeem yourself."

Blaarjiim's conjecture proved to be entirely wrong, but still, her cheeks burned red. "Th-that's not true."

"Of course, it's true. I know my queen all too well." Blaarjiim smirked haughtily. "I don't blame you for what happened, Lady Amelia. You were unprepared for Joan's power, and she caught you off-guard. Had your fight taken place under different circumstances, you'd-"

"Stop, Blaarjiim. I don't want to hear about her." Her voice wavered slightly. "Can't we talk about something else? You're depressing me. Sometimes I wonder if you like seeing me cry."

Her closest friend in the whole universe bowed his head. "That isn't true."

"Yes. I know." 

Minutes passed. She stared into the sky, feeling the warmth of the sun beat upon her chest.

Her hand rubbed Blaarjiim's orb, almost instinctively, before placing it back in her purse. She paused to tap Hoarhiim's orb as well. "Sunshine here still hasn't said a word."

"Hoarhiim continues to rest. I've never seen him in such a state," Blaarjiim mused. "We've wasted enough time. The children continue to flee. It would be unlike you to let them go."

She forced herself to smile. "Don't worry your pretty little face. I won't let those snacks escape. I need their souls to break Joan's seal."

After a moment of hesitation, she jammed her shoe into the dirt and leaped up, scanning ahead for the children in a cornfield up ahead. A few stalks of corn moved, and she licked her lips. _Snacks._

It only took a minute for her to dash after them, whistling loudly to scare them and make them run faster. "Helloooo! Are there any children hiding in the corn? Let's play Hide and Eat!"

A squeak from the little girl caught her attention. She spotted a flash of brown as she charged further into the corn. Unfortunately for her, there was no escaping her maw.

With a hop, she gently leaped a hundred feet forward, landed right in her path, and giggled as the six-year-old slammed into her legs. The dread on her face gave her the shivers. "You're a cutie! Where's your brother?"

She didn't let out a word, so she grabbed her by the neck and lifted her into the air. "Well, if you won't tell me, I'll just have to find him mys-"

"My queen!" Blaarjiim's voice filled with alarm. "I-it can't be!"

She paused mid-sentence and tried not to look too annoyed as the child squirmed and tried to unwrap her fingers from her neck. "What? What is it?"

"M-my brother's orb... it's..."

She stole a glance down at her purse — every fiber of her being froze.

_Hoarhiim's orb was gone._