Part 396: Mara's Crimes
Part 396: Mara's Crimes

Mara, the Duke of Collection, assists more than two hundred humans in a new construction project as they rapidly build up a brand new apartment complex, just as shiny and beautiful as all the others in the nearby vicinity. This particular structure, located on the northwestern side of the Fortress of Retribution's outer limits, sits nestled amidst a half-dozen other similarly designed structures, with its western side facing Tarus II's rising sun and its eastern side the waning daylight.

Built via a mixed-development style of city planning, it features pedestrian roads weaving throughout the infrastructure with little room for motorized vehicles, but plenty of room for beasts of burden and bicycles, the most efficient and low-cost form of transportation, outside of foot traffic.

As Mara leaves to take a break while her human friends finish the last ten percent of the structure with their fancy construction drones and other such things, she pauses to admire the technological marvels she has helped build, as well as the clean and efficient design of the growing city. Already, enough housing to fit sixty million people has been built, and now humanity is rapidly finishing up what it needs to house The Respected when the Lazarus Tower revives them over the coming days.

"You know... maybe I was wrong about the humans..." Mara muses to her sister, Ying-Ying, as they sit on a park bench and take in the sights.

Ying-Ying snacks on a tasty pastry, a donut she bought with a tenth of a Merit Point from a nearby store. The chocolate and sprinkles stick to her lips while she moans in delight.

"Yeah, sis! Me too! I never even knew humans could do stuff like this. Look at how quickly they work and how cool their houses seem. They're even better than your new residence on Hell Harbor!"

"Well. The buildings are superior here, sure, but the apartments and rooms are quite a bit smaller." Mara says. "Though now that we don't have any human slaves on Hell Harbor, we've had to put Demon Grunts to work for the rebuilding efforts. Unlike working on Tarus II though, they can't earn any Merit Points, so they tend to complain a lot."

"Yeah. Plus us demons are just... not nearly as good at all this building stuff." Ying-Ying says. "I've been using my portals to help transport supplies, but I only earned 50 Merit Points over the last couple of weeks. Too many Warpers can already do what I do. The competition is stiff as heck!"

She pauses.

"Oh, right. Have you earned a thousand Merit Points yet, sis? I can't wait for you to earn a chance at becoming an Emperor. It's so easy compared to the old ways. Eating souls always was a little _icky_, in retrospect."

Mara shrugs. "I only have about six hundred. Still a ways to go. Since I only just became a Duke, I'll likely need to enter the Belial Booster a few more times to advance, so the true cost will be closer to three or four thousand points..."

"I hear the Emperors are starting to get antsy." Ying-Ying says. "The humans added Kiari to their Emperors recently. That prompted the Hidden Emperors to debate over skimming five or ten percent of the merit points off the tops of their minion's wallets. They might take as much as sixty points from you!"

"Truly?" Mara asks, frowning. "You've got to be kidding me. Those greedy bastards! I worked my tail off earning my Merit Points. So did you! Who do they think they are, stealing from us?"

"They're getting desperate to power up their Hells before the others. Rather than waiting for their most talented Dukes to level to Emperor, they'd rather skim a few points off the top to boost their favorites." Ying-Ying explains. "Or so Grandma Ahriman says. She keeps in contact with all the Emperors."

"At least Warpers know to stay neutral in this cold-civil war." Mara says. "If the Hell of Calamity picks a fight with anyone, I'll be expected to join the battle. I am a Duke now, after all."

"Yeah..." Ying-Ying says, her expression deflating. "I can't wait to become a Lord. Or even a Baron."

"Hm? Why do you look so sad, then?" Mara asks.

"Well, it's just..."

Ying-Ying pauses.

"...I've always felt like I was living in your shadow, sis. We come from the same broodmother and all, but you've gotten so powerful, and I'm still stuck as a Grunt. I'm just not good with all that fighting stuff, so I couldn't collect any souls. But you, you started out as an Oracle and got noticed by Yumagi. You've always raced ahead, while I stayed behind..."

"There's no shame in being a Warper." Mara says. "Of all the Grunts you could have evolved into, you became the one that was most in demand. Everyone wants the services of a Warper. There are plenty of them, yet not enough to fully meet demand, so every Emperor would want to befriend you."

"Yeah, sure, you say that!" Ying-Ying protests. "But they also don't want Warpers to evolve any further! They always have some excuse to stop us from progressing. We can't all be like Emperor Yardrat, who made his way up the ranks to become a 'Super Warper,' basically. So the Emperors leave us in limbo. And now we finally have a way to change it, but they still want to scrape our freaking Merit Points right off the top! It's so infuriating!"

As Ying-Ying shouts out her frustrations, a pair of human women walk past. One of them is Linda Hurent, and the other is one of her friends.

"Hey Mara! Hey Ying-Ying!" Linda says. "Thanks for all the help today! You guys are doing great work!"

Her friend nods. "You're both awesome! Me and Linda are going to get some snacks. Wanna join us?"

Ying-Ying pauses her ranting to smile helplessly at the two women while holding up her half-eaten pastry. "Sorry, I'm already eating. Raincheck for tomorrow, maybe?"

"I'll hold you to it!" Linda laughs.

She and her friend continue on their way, while Ying-Ying smiles sardonically and turns back to her sister.

"...I used to hate humans, you know. The Emperors always told us they were stupid, and weak, but they're actually all really nice. They're efficient, deadly, and can do anything if they put their minds to the task. Compared to them, I feel like we demons are... lacking."

"I know what you mean." Mara says back, as her thoughts momentarily darken. "I've... done some things I'm not proud of. Things I now regret. But there's no way I can just talk about them. They hang over my head like a dark cloud..."

"You mean Stormbringer?" Ying-Ying asks. "You didn't... hurt anyone, did you? I thought you only acted in an auxiliary role?"

Mara sighs. "Well, I-"

She pauses mid-sentence, as a familiar demonic aura draws her attention. Turning to the right, she blinks in surprise when she sees Belial approaching her, along with Blinker, Phoebe Hiro, and some random man she's never seen before.

"Oh! Samantha!" Ying-Ying chirps. "Hey, nice to see you! And you too, Phoebe, Blinker. What's up?"

She continues to smile, but something about the blank expressions on the faces of the other three women gives her pause.

Belial and Blinker stop a short distance away, while Phoebe takes a few steps past them, then crosses her arms in front of her chest.

"Mara. I can't _believe_ your guts. You're under arrest for crimes against humanity."

Mara's expression pales. "W-what? What are you talking about?"

"Admit everything. Now." Phoebe snaps. "And out of respect for the good you've done over the past few weeks, I'll lighten your sentence. Otherwise, if you make me say it..."

Several seconds pass.

Mara's mouth hangs open in shock, as if she can't believe the thing she was just about to tell her sister has already come to pass.

However, it doesn't take long for her to regain her senses. She closes her mouth, then her eyes, and bows her head. She balls up her hands into loose fists and rests them in her lap.

"...You found out after all."

"That's not good enough." Phoebe icily says. "Say it. _Specifics._"

Mara slowly nods.

"During Stormbringer. Ose... sent me on a mission."

Ying-Ying turns from Phoebe and the others to look at her sister. "A mission?"

"Yeah. She wanted me to... infiltrate the city." Mara explains, while slowly opening her eyes. She dully stares at the ground while she speaks. "Specifically, she wanted me to capture the Wordsmith's daughter, and his wife, if possible."

Ying-Ying slowly nods. "You told me that part..."

"Well. I did more than that while I was there." Mara says, exhaling deeply. "I... destroyed a ship with many people on it. One of the space-vessels. I don't know how many were inside... but the number was enormous."

Phoebe's breathing catches when she hears Mara admit her wrongdoings. Her eyes redden. She looks away, unable to form a coherent response, even while Mara continues talking.

"...Then I made my way to Phoebe's position." Mara explains. "Her daughter was also there at the time, along with a squad of troopers. I fought them. I killed them all. And during that battle, the little girl revealed several shocking abilities. She was a trueblooded hero, just like the Wordsmith himself. She even summoned those Titans and that Hydra."

"You BITCH!" Belial finally explodes, unable to contain her rage. "You've really got some nerve, Mara! You said NOTHING and just accepted my power for free! You've been living it up here after killing so many of my friends! I ought to rip out your heart and stomp on your corpse right this instant!"

Belial's shouted words draw the attention of several people and demons in the park. Linda Hurent, having only walked a short distance away with her friend, turns back after hearing Belial's roar of rage.

"What's going on?"

"That was Samantha's voice. Did something happen?"

"Let's have a look! She almost never gets angry at anyone!"

Several bystanders run or wander over, curious about the commotion. When they arrive, Phoebe merely glowers at the woman who tried to kill her and her daughter. She holds up her hand, and a projection beams out of it into the air above her.

It reveals a short video recording of the last Covenant ship with 100,000 civilians on board being obliterated by some unseen enemy.

The crowd gasps in shock. Linda Hurent, having already looked up information on the destroyed ship, frowns slightly as she begins to piece together what must be happening.

_Could Mara have been involved in the loss of that ship?_

After playing the first clip, Phoebe plays another one, and this one proves even more damning. It shows a dragon-like Mara roaring at Daisy and trying to kill her while splattering the brave men and women surrounding Phoebe's helpless, comatose body. Her act of shouting out the names of Tarot Cards proves just as damning as the clear and recognizable sound of her voice.

Ying-Ying's eyes flicker with disbelief. She looks at her sister in horror.

"M-Mara! It can't be... you didn't really..."

"I did." Mara says quietly. "I'd say 'I'm sorry,' but those words would surely ring hollow, and they can't bring anyone back. I'd say I was only following orders, but Ose didn't order me to attack that ship. I did it on my own as a matter of 'convenience.' I... don't deserve to defend myself."

Phoebe's expression lightens, but only by the tiniest amount.

"At least you admitted your faults. I guess that's something worth praising. But it doesn't absolve you of anything. As the standing commander of humanity in Jason's absence, I hereby place you under arrest for the vile actions you committed against humanity, but even more importantly, _my friends._ Samantha, take her."

For a brief moment, Mara ponders running away. Belial might be able to fly, but Mara can still make a quick escape if she activates the right Tarot Cards, even while only being a Duke.

But in the end, seeing the looks of judgment from the nearby bystanders, as well as the pain on their faces, she can't bring herself to do such a thing.

She quietly stands up, her head lowered.

"...I'll go quietly."

From behind her, Mara even hears Linda Hurent whispering to her friend.

"_I thought she was a good person. But in the end... she was even more vile than the average demonic war-criminal. She's barely a step removed from Beelzebub himself! I can't believe I respected her..._"

Mara winces, but says nothing. She obediently walks up to the rage-filled Belial and sighs.

"Do what you will."

Belial sneers. "Do you think by playing humble and sweet that you'll get a lighter sentence?! I hate two-faced people like you. I might change my body to blend in with a populace, but compared to you, I am truly an _amateur_ in the art of lying."

The man standing behind Belial glares coldly at Mara.

"I'll bet you don't even remember me, demon whore. I just so happen to be one of the people you murdered. The rest of my squad can't come back, either. Mephisto devoured them! So now I have to live with what you DID for the rest of my life."

Mara glances at the man. She stares him in the eyes for a moment before nodding.

"Sorry."

Without any further fanfare, Belial walks behind Mara and marches her away, walking her off to the south, in the direction of the Stormbringer war criminal prison complex.

After she leaves, Ying-Ying remains seated on the bench, tears welling up in her eyes as she struggles not to cry. She sniffles and whimpers, staring lifelessly at the pastry held in her hand.

"Mara... Mara... she can't be... she wouldn't... _aaooo_... sniff..."

Instead of pity, the bystanders look at Ying-Ying with expressions of disgust.

"I wonder if even one of the apples falls far from the tree." Linda says, narrowing her eyes at the sobbing Ying-Ying. "Are you hiding things from us too?!"

"We've uncovered no evidence of any wrongdoing from Ying-Ying." Phoebe says. "...But that doesn't mean we won't. Ying-Ying, I had BETTER not find out you're just as wicked as that sister of yours, or your end won't be any better than hers!"

Without any further words, Phoebe and the others disperse, giving only one last look at the woman weeping over her sister.

Linda shakes her head as she looks at her friend.

"To think Mara had us all gleefully dancing to the tune of her lies. Maybe Neil is even more right about the demons than we thought..."

---

Elsewhere on Tarus II, a beautiful demoness with long white hair sits on a rock far from the Fortress of Retribution's confines. She leans forward and casually gazes out at the world before her with a distant, ethereal look on her face.

Her identity? None other than Bael, the Duke of Pain.

Still just as trapped in Ose's body as ever, the big galunk seems much more somber than usual. His eyes are unfocused, gazing not at the world before him, but a strange space located elsewhere, perhaps a place nobody in the universe has ever seen while still alive.

"Hehe... so many pretty lights..." Bael mumbles idly.

He continues staring at the 'pretty lights' for a while, but ultimately blinks his eyes and returns to reality, unsure of what he was even looking at. Just as quickly as he was entranced, he immediately forget about their existence, his five-second attention span already well-past the matters previously on his mind.

"Man. What am I s'posed to do anymore?" Bael wonders.

"I ain't got no powers. Ain't got nothing to do."

"Maybe I oughta go and play some Sticks and Bones with the fellas."

"Eh... but they look at me all _weird_ now that I've got tits. Some of the fellas even made a pass at me."

"Jeez, it's such a _drag_ having a hot ass. People thirst over me even more than they used to. It's crazy..."

Bael glances at his frail, delicate, pretty-looking hands. For a brief moment, he waxes nostalgic about the old days.

He remember the two times he fought the Archdemon.

He thinks about his battle against Hercules, when he first turned into the Balrog.

He especially remembers how other demons used to look up to him.

"...But now I ain't nothin'. Just some washed up old coot." Bael sighs. "Ain't strong anymore. Ain't tough anymore. The fellas barely even talk to me. Were they even _my_ friends? Maybe they only liked me because I was strong. They didn't like me for _me_."

Facing this existential crisis, tears well up in Bael's eyes.

"Satan's gone. Deebs is out. Shax is dead. Murmur's a slave. Artorias got offed. Even Beelzebrat's just... man. Why I gotta be the last one left? Maybe I should just..."

Bael turns his head to the side. He glances up at a tall, sheer cliff. It rises hundreds of feet into the air.

"...Problem is, I'd probably still survive. Then I'd just lay there with a bunch of broken bones. That'd suck. Maybe there's a better way to do _it_."

As Bael's thoughts turn dark, he fails to notice someone approaching him.

"Oh my GOSH! There you ARE, Bael!" Abby, the Baron of Happy Thoughts exclaims. "I've been looking EVERYWHERE for you! What the hell are you doing out here all by yourself?!"

Slightly startled, Bael quickly blinks his eyes twice to force back his tears, then turns to look at Abby while flashing her a forced smile.

"Oh, hey 'Abs.' What's up? Ain't seen you for a while."

"I've been looking for you for over a WEEK!" Abby shouts, clearly somewhat pissed, yet also visibly relieved. "I need your help, Bael!"

Bael stares at her for a moment, then shakes his head and looks away.

"...Nah. Go bug someone else. I can't help you. Or anyone else. I'm useless."

Abby blinks twice. She pauses a few feet away from Bael, then frowns.

"Is something wrong, Bael? You seem... different."

The Duke of Pain sighs.

"I... I dunno. I feel useless now, ya know? Nobody wants to hang out with dumb old Bael. I'm just some weakling goober now. It's better if I stay out of the way so I won't bother anyone."

"Don't say that!" Abby cries, walking over to sit on the boulder beside him. "Everyone loves you, Bael. You're a legend!"

"Sure. A legend." Bael repeats, paying her compliment no heed. "An old legend. Ain't nothing left of that guy anymore. Now I'm only some little pussy who cries if he stubs his toe."

"That's not true." Abby says sternly. "You're a brave warrior. Even if you don't have your old powers, you can still become amazing again! You have Ose's body. You just need to learn how to use it to its fullest potential!"

"But what if I don't wanna?" Bael asks, turning to look at her seriously. "You don't get it, Abby. All my friends are gone. They're dead now. And if they ain't dead, they might as well be. Even Deebs... if last time is anything to go by, it'll be centuries before he wakes up."

He turns away.

"I ain't got nobody left. None of my old friends."

Abby's heart sinks. Seeing Bael's truly despondent expression, she realizes the situation is much more serious then she expected.

"You can't talk like this, Bael. Happy thoughts! Happy thoughts!"

Abby activates her powers, beaming rainbows into Bael's mind, causing him to think about much lighter topics.

"What do you live for, Bael?!" Abby asks, standing up and shouting at him. "Think about what you still have! Doggies! Kitties! You still like those, right? Why not start a big animal sanctuary to play with puppies and kittens all day, huh?! That's worth living for! You can be a cool guy who takes care of animals that need help!"

Bael smiles. "Hehe. Puppies and kittens. Yeah. I do like them!"

"That's the spirit!" Abby chirps. "And I can do you one even better! I have a present for you, something you'll really like. Don't you want to be super strong again? Ose made a special armor in secret. It's designed just for her body... but you can use it too!"

"Special armor?" Bael says, his tone contemplative. "Well... hm. It doesn't look like some girly princess thing, does it?"

"No, no, it doesn't!" Abby says. "Believe it or not, it's wicked cool, with a black color scheme and two HUGE shoulder spikes. You'd look totally badass if you wore it!"

"Hmm."

Bael thinks about her offer for all of two seconds.

"...Well, alright. I wanna see this armor if you think it's that cool. It's not like I have anything better ta' do."

"Awesome. You won't regret it!" Abby says, grabbing Bael's arm and pulling him to his feet. "Now, come on, come on! Let's go! I can't wait to see you wear it!"

"Alright, already. I'm coming, girl. Sheesh!" Bael laughs.

Seeing Abby cling to him makes him feel touched inside. For the first time since his transference into Ose's body, he actually feels _wanted_. Someone wants to help him out with no ulterior motives.

_Maybe this armor thingy will bring me back into my prime..._ Bael thinks. _That'd be pretty sick!_

At the same time, Abby quietly giggles to herself.

_Oh, how exciting! Soon, I can talk to my precious Ose again! This is going to be WONDERFUL!_