Part 723: Becoming a Founder
Part 723: Becoming a Founder

_Far-Future Era. Day 21, AJR. Volgarius._

Vulpanix's ascension was a major event, and the first light of hope the Volgrim had seen in a long time. Ever since the Plague first appeared, they had slowly begun losing the war. They recently lost 95% of their Psions. A huge black scar tore across the homeworld. The demons were growing stronger, and the Dolgrimites had played a card that left the rest of the Volgrim reeling.

But now, they had a new Executor. Perhaps, due to the crisis that had swallowed the Volgrim, they might even obtain another one after Vulpanix.

That was a matter for the future. As Vulpanix reveled in her ascension, she allowed herself a moment of joy. She wasn't one for such trite emotions, but achieving the peak of Psionic power outside of a Supremator was a privilege only a precious few had enjoyed over the eons. Vulpanix had not yet reached a Chron of age (100,000 cycles), but she had become the last pillar of the Psions. Septillions would come to rely on her.

The weight of this new crown was heavy indeed...

As Vulpanix levitated in the lower atmosphere, she sensed the approach of a small shuttlecraft. When it approached, a messenger Technopath on board sent a message to her.

"The Founders congratulate you on your ascension. When you are ready, please pay the First Founder a visit."

Vulpanix slowly blinked all of her eyes. [I am ready now.]

An instant later, Vulpanix vanished. Her body stepped across space and she traveled a tenth of the way around the planet. She flickered two more times, ultimately arriving above the Founder's Fingers.

For a brief moment, her emotions dulled. She was still coming to terms with the realization of what she had done, along with her new responsibilities. She did not allow her emotions to cloud her judgment, and summarily flickered downward, arriving on the landing platform for the Founder's Thumb.

Inside, she found a familiar face. Muuxunuu stepped outside and blinked her limpid blue eyes at the newest Executor.

"Executor Vulpanix. I am pleased to witness your ascension. Founder Unarin is awaiting your arrival inside his sanctum."

[Many thanks, Administrator Muuxunuu.] Vulpanix replied.

Muuxunuu led Vulpanix inside the Founder's Thumb. Eventually, they stopped at the entrance to Unarin's Sanctum, and Vulpanix entered.

After Muuxunuu pulled the great doors shut behind Vulpanix, the newest Executor lifted her head to look up at Unarin, who was now sitting across from Dosena at a small table. Vulpanix flickered upward and arrived before the two of them with her head bowed.

[Founders.] Vulpanix said solemnly.

"Congratulations on your ascension." Unarin said, looking at her for a moment with a smile playing upon his face. He returned his gaze to the table, where a primitive board game had been laid out, and he and Dosena were silently playing together. "Take a seat, young Executor."

Vulpanix opened her eyes and nodded. She pulled out a seat and sat down. Only now did she carefully examine the First and Second Founders.

Unarin seemed no different than he always was. Supremely confident, unbothered, unworried about anything in particular.

But Dosena was different. She was visibly dispirited. Not a lick of Psionic Energy radiated from her body. She seemed weaker than the lowliest of Initiators. If her majesty and appearance was not well-known to all Volgrim, Vulpanix might have assumed Unarin had taken pity on an urchin and invited her inside.

Dosena glanced at Vulpanix and nodded. Then she reached out to the board and placed a piece on it.

Vulpanix examined the game between the Founders. She was unfamiliar with it, and in fact had never seen it before. It was shaped like a square, and had dozens of lines criss-crossing horizontally and vertically to create an interwoven grid of squares. There were small circular white and black pieces placed all across it, forming a pattern Vulpanix couldn't immediately deduce.

"This is the game of Go." Unarin casually volunteered. "I've been looking through a lot of ancient record from the human's homeworld, Earth. The humans have an interesting saying... keep your friends close, and your enemies closer. Due to recent Truths revealed, I am growing uncertain of what exactly our relationship is evolving into."

Unarin looked up at Vulpanix. "What do you think, Executor? Are the humans our friends, or are they our enemies?"

Vulpanix did not immediately answer. It didn't take a genius to determine that Unarin was testing her. Any answer flippantly given would reveal something about her, so she was in no rush to speak.

Unarin returned his gaze to the board, and the table fell silent. For five long minutes, Vulpanix mulled the answer over.

[The humans are neither.] Vulpanix eventually replied. [They are a necessary evil we must endure. But if we look back at the ancient history, I believe that humanity could have become our closest allies or our worst enemies. The result merely depended on how we treated them.]

Unarin nodded, raising his eyebrows with a faint smile. "A good answer. Not perfect, but one that reveals wisdom beyond your years. You're right, Vulpanix. The humans could have become our greatest allies, had we only treated them better. Alas, we did not. And now, here we are, the Truth behind the Plague having finally reared its ugly head."

The First Founder chuckled. He seemed to find this new Plague business mentally stimulating to the point he seemed a madman. The walls were closing in around the Volgrim Empire, yet its First Founder was seemingly unbothered.

After a moment of silence, Unarin faintly bobbed his head in Dosena's direction. "Oh, by the way, please forgive the Second Founder. She has lost the ability to speak. Her Psionics have been completely sealed. If you wish to speak with her, you will have to interface directly with her mind."

Vulpanix's eyes widened. She looked at Dosena with shock. [I-interface directly? That is a breach of decorum I cannot possibly...]

She metaphorically swallowed her words when the Second Founder directed an apathetic look her way. It seemed Dosena did not care much for such matters.

Vulpanix bowed her head slightly. [I... understand. If that is your will, Second Founder.]

She hesitated a few moments longer. Touching directly on another Psion's mind and reading their thoughts was extremely offensive, and considered a slap across the face. Demila had done so to Vulpanix, and she still remembered the shame and helplessness she had felt when it happened. Then again, looking back, it seemed Demila's disgusting personality had revealed many warning signs her brothers and sisters had overlooked.

Eventually, Vulpanix relented. She hesitantly sent the weakest possible wisp of telepathic energy toward the Second Founder's mind, only for her link to crash against a damn-near impenetrable barrier she had not anticipated. Even though Dosena no longer wielded her Psionic power, her brain was still a fortress that no weak or casual telepathic strike could penetrate.

Vulpanix was not disappointed by this revelation. Instead, she was greatly relieved. She realized this indicated that Dosena had not fallen below the rank of Initiator, but simply had lost her Psionics for a while. How long that period of time entailed was anybody's guess, but eventually, Dosena would regain her strength.

Vulpanix narrowed her eyes. She increased the strength of her telepathic link, but even that fell far short of what she needed. She grunted and intensified her psionic link more, and more, and even more.

Despite being an Executor, she was having to put 75% of her full strength into establishing a mental link between herself and the Second Founder. All of this happened over the course of a mere thirty seconds while Unarin faintly smiled, understanding what was going on, and Dosena simply stared at the Go board, seemingly not even able to sense Vulpanix's telepathic intrusions.

Sweat began to drip down Vulpanix's face. Sweat! She couldn't believe that a powerless Psion had such resilient mental defenses. She readied herself to gather up every drop of her power to attempt one final push...

But at that moment, Unarin spoke up. "Alright, alright. You've made your point. Let her in."

Vulpanix glanced at Unarin. He was looking across the table at Dosena, who simply rolled her eyes.

All at once, the barrier blocking Vulpanix's mental intrusion vanished. She managed to penetrate into Dosena's mind, but even then, she was only able to touch upon the surface layer. She could only see the thoughts her superior wanted her to see.

[Your telepathic skill is an embarrassment to all Executors.] Dosena said, her tone mild. She could not project her words outward, but she was able to speak to Vulpanix now that she allowed her junior to read her surface thoughts. [In the future, you will work on improving this skill. It is a core ability for those who wish to ascend to Supremator, in addition to Primal Psionics.]

Vulpanix blinked. [Supremator? You believe I have the capability?]

Dosena snorted and tapped a finger on the Go board seemingly at random. [All Psions do. In the past, I prevented many from reaching my level. That was a deliberate choice. But after recent events, it seems I must relax those limitations greatly. This is not a decision I am pleased about, but it is a necessary evil.]

Unarin nodded. "A necessary evil, indeed."

Vulpanix started to say something else, but then she paused to look at the First Founder. [You... heard the Second Founder's words? But how? She is not able to project her thoughts outward.]

A tiny smirk appeared at the corner of Unarin's mouth. "Oh, Dosena and I have our own way of communicating. Pay it no mind. Continue with your conversation, as before."

Vulpanix remained suspicious, but matters between the Founders were not her business unless they directly informed her otherwise. Thus, she returned her attention to the Second Founder.

[Second Founder. When I Ascended, I spoke to Supremator Lanuris inside the Psionic Well.] Vulpanix said. [She told me our meeting was your doing.]

Dosena slowly blinked her eyes. She directed a measured gaze Vulpanix's way.

[It was.]

Vulpanix didn't know how to react to Dosena's simple admission. Her entire life, she and all other Psions had believed the Psionic Well was an independent entity, something that was governed by its own rules. For it to actually be controlled directly by the Second Founder was unthinkable. Such a possibility seemed so outrageous, she couldn't bring herself to believe it.

[Why did you want me to meet her?] Vulpanix asked quietly.

[Because you are our last Champion.] Dosena answered. [I am unable to wield any of my Psionic powers. The Empire no longer has a protector. A new one must arise. That new one is you.]

A moment of silence followed. Dosena lifted her chin to look down the bridge of her nose at her younger companion.

[Vulpanix. I called you here today to assess you. I have been quietly testing you in a variety of ways, and have found your mental state to be... satisfactory. You have met my criteria for an elite-]

"Someone's feeling humble." Unarin joked, causing both women to glance at him. "You really ought to stop placing yourself on such a pedastel, Dosena. Your ego is ridiculous, even by my standards."

Dosena glared at him, then returned her attention to Vulpanix. [As I was _saying_, you have met my criteria for an elite. Despite your screw-up against the Second Wordsmith, you have proven to be an outstanding seed. In only 95,000 cycles, you have risen to the level of Executor. I believe with certain Truths revealed, you will be able to rise to the rank of Supremator in record time and become our Empire's newest protector.]

Vulpanix cocked her head. She returned to a previous thought she was going to speak before it had been interrupted. [I do not understand. Millions of cycles have passed since the Great Wars. Not once has an Executor managed to rise to the level of Supremator. Is it really true that you prevented their ascensions deliberately?]

Dosena looked at Vulpanix evenly.

[Yes. I did.]

Vulpanix almost felt as if the room had chilled by a few degrees. She shifted in her seat, uncertain how to respond.

She didn't have to. Dosena continued speaking after a moment. [I placed a limit upon the Psionic Well. Unless I wish it, no Executor can rise to the 9th Level. However, I also made it so I could release the seal at any point. If I ever needed, I could have uplifted the Executors immediately. This is something I informed every Executor of, and which they were forced to accept. All of them, without fail, accepted this Truth.]

All at once, Vulpanix felt enlightened. As a 7th Level Psion, she had not been privy to the secrets known by Executors. She had heard rumors for years, even grumblings from certain Executors, but never did they elucidate their concerns enough for her to understand.

Now that she had become one herself, she finally understood. The Executors had known about the Psionic Well's limitations, but they did not have the power to unseat Dosena. They were at her mercy. She decided who would rise and who would fall. Naturally, this had enraged some, perhaps even all of the Executors, but what could they do? Dosena had killed other Supremators in the past. She was far too strong for even the united power of all the Executors to overcome...

[Why did you hold back our people from ascending?] Vulpanix asked, her expression turning from surprise, to dismay, to anger. [If the Executors had been Supremators, they could have held back Demila and saved countless lives during Mephisto's rampage! If we had an army of Supremators, we could have pushed back the Plague, and maybe have even won this war before it began!]

Hardly had the words left her mind before Vulpanix realized the answer. [Wait... were you afraid? Afraid the other Executors would rise up and unseat you from power? Were you fearful that you would lose control over all the Psions? Is that what this was all about? Pride and ego when our civilization's fate was at stake?!]

For the first time, Vulpanix talked back to her superior. She did not hide her anger, because she could not. She would not be being true to her Seed if she withheld her criticism, and furthermore, Dosena deserved that criticism! Her selfishness caused the deaths of trillions of Volgrim!

Dosena kept her cool. She was not offended by Vulpanix's righteous anger, nor her inflammatory words.

[The Truths you know are too shallow, Vulpanix. That is why I brought you here. From your limited viewpoint, my actions may seem to have been borne of ego, but I believe that once you understand the full context of the ancient Truths, you will not feel the same way as you do now.]

[So you deny that what you did was done because of ego?] Vulpanix challenged. [I do not know what 'Truths' you think will change my mind, but I must say I am truly disappointed! What could you possibly tell me that would allow me to accept the damage your decisions have caused?! Trillions have died! TRILLIONS! And if we start from the beginning of the Plague's arrival, SEPTILLIONS!]

Still, Dosena remained calm. [What if the Truths I intended to reveal would inform you of the ancient history our people have not even recorded in data crystals?]

Vulpanix paused. A spike of shock went through her heart.

[You mean to tell me... of the Great Wars?]

Unarin smirked. "Before the Great Wars. Before the Uprising. Even before... the Primordial Climb of our ancient ancestors."

The First Founder let his words percolate in the air for a moment.

"Long ago, before our people became the enlightened civilization you know today, we were a savage and barbaric race. We had many trappings of prestige, shiny structures to live within, and were slowly expanding across the galaxy. But in reality, we had been infested by a rot that went deeper than you could possibly imagine."

He continued. "What young ones like you, and even ones as old as Demila cannot possibly understand, is that the tribulations of the past informed the policy of today. We have maintained vague records of the ancient wars. We have kept our species informed regarding the broad strokes of those dark times. But we have deliberately gone out of our way to hide the most vile, shameful, and disgusting actions taken by our ancestors."

[Not because we were afraid the general populace would learn of these Truths,] Dosena said calmly, [but because knowing these Truths would almost certainly ignite small to medium-scale conflicts, weakening us when we needed to maintain strength in the face of our enemies.]

[But now it's too late.] Vulpanix said mildly. [We've all but lost this war.]

The two Founders looked at Vulpanix and shook their heads.

"The war is unending." Unarin said solemnly. "Whether we live or die, it will continue. Whether our Eternity ends and ten more pass, it will continue. Our goal is not to win the war, because the war cannot be won. We only intend to live according to our values and make known the name of the fearsome Volgrim. We will hold on as long as possible, and then, as with countless other civilizations before ours, we will vanish into the cosmic dust of history."

A smothering sensation enveloped Vulpanix's heart. She realized, in that moment, that she did not understand the goals of the Founders, and perhaps she never would. Their thoughts were so much loftier than hers that even when she tried to distill or dumb them down, she still overlooked all the nuances of their thoughts.

[If the war is not lost, but it also cannot be won, then what is the point of our struggle?] Vulpanix asked, feeling stupid for even speaking the words out loud. [Are we not struggling in vain?]

"What you're asking is truly a fundamental question of Life itself." Unarin answered. "What is Life? In my uneducated, simple-minded opinion, Life is the struggle of a species to rise up and dominate the other species around it. This can take the form of outbreeding other species, dominating them with military might, outcompeting them in science, and so on. But if I may, I must also posit that the point of Life, for the Volgrim, is to ascend above the other mud-dwelling rabble-rousers. We must become enlightened. We must not bully them. We must show strength, even if we are weak. We must be proud, but not arrogant. We must show respect to those worthy of our respect, but never contempt to anyone but the most contemptible."

Unarin waved his hand casually. "I'm rambling again. Never mind me. Let's get back to the main point of discussion. Dosena, would you like to enlighten her first, or should I?"

Dosena touched her chin. She looked up at the ceiling thoughtfully.

[I believe you should be the one to speak first, Unarin. My tale is most relevant after yours. Your words should prove to be the most enlightening, given you were the architect behind the downfall of the Ancient Volgrim Empire.]

The First Founder smiled.

"So be it then."

He reached over and touched a datapad. After a minute or two, the door to the Sanctum opened. Muuxunuu entered holding a small box. She walked up the steps to the second floor and handed the box to Unarin, bowed her head, and left. Unarin stared at her backside as he watched her depart.

"We lost so many valuable things in the ancient times." Unarin said wistfully. "So many people."

After Muuxunuu exited the Sanctum and shut the door, it took Unarin a few moments to collect himself. He opened up the small box to reveal a triangular datacore, along with three Remote Connection Nodes. He tossed one across the table, and Dosena caught it with a snap of her wrist. She took the tiny node and affixed it to the side of her head. Unarin did the same while handing the third one to Vulpanix.

"Put this on the same way Dosena and I have done. We will be using this device to share our knowledge of the ancient past with you, Vulpanix. From this point on, you will be considered a Founder-level figure in the Volgrim Empire. The secrets we are about to share must not be disclosed to anyone outside of the privileged few, no matter what. Are we clear?"

Vulpanix nodded and pressed the node to the side of her head.

[On my honor, I will not breathe a word of anything you are about to tell me to another figure.] She promised.

Unarin shrugged. "I wouldn't have brought you here if I didn't trust you. But it is good to hear confirmation directly."

He placed the triangular data core in the center of the table, then activated it, causing a blue light to emit from the core.

"Let us begin."