Part 540: Standoff
Part 540: Standoff

Following Dosena's win against Melody, and her subsequent departure after Diablo played her, the Second Founder decisively returns to Volgarius at her maximum speed. Her first loss to anyone in any capacity in over two million years does not cause her heart to burn with excessive shame. She simply calms her agitation down and takes flight through the Void, leaving any useless emotions behind.

Lightyear after lightyear, Dosena steps across space at unimaginable speeds. She could easily use a Warpgate to traverse the Milky Way, but the Second Founder has never liked using exotic tools created by the Technopaths.

For her, it's not merely a matter of pride. Every time she exercises her spatial abilities, she becomes capable of traveling across the Void faster and faster. Perhaps someday she may even become capable of traveling anywhere within a galaxy's confines in a single step...

Of course, that hope only exists because of the assumption she might someday reach the 10th Level of Psionic power. Whether she actually will or not remains to be seen.

...

Dosena travels quickly. Within three hours, she traverses the majority of the Southern Milky Way to arrive back at Volgarius. By now, any shame over her intellectual loss at Diablo's hands has disappeared, replaced instead with a calm acceptance and burning desire to one-up him in the future. Hopefully the _near_ future, if she has any say in the matter.

The Second Founder's presence in the Volgarius system goes undetected. She has long become capable of hiding her presence from all the other Volgrim, as well as their expansive networks of sensors and detection grids. She reaches Volgarius itself in an instant, crossing the Void to step into the planet's upper atmosphere.

One step later, and she appears inside Unarin's Sanctum, where she finds the First Founder staring at one of the many paintings on his Sanctum's walls. This painting in particular happens to be an especially vivid and beautiful depiction of the Archdemon's figure as it launched an attack on King Arthur's body while he was possessed by Joan of Arc's soul during the battle at Polaris. Crafted by an especially imaginative junior Changeling at Unarin's request, the painting is both beautiful and frightening, depicting Diablo's animalistic rage in a manner that would make any weak-minded primitive shiver in fear.

Unarin stands before the painting with his hands folded behind his back. The instant Dosena arrives, he blinks his eyes twice and turns his body slightly to glance in her direction.

"Results?" Unarin asks, as if he knew her victory was never in question, only the level to which her win might stretch.

Dosena levitates downward. She rests her feet on the Sanctum's floor, remaining silent for a moment before lowering her eyes.

[You guessed correctly. The Archdemon's return was not as simple as we believed. He had several new cards to play. The balance of power has changed.]

Unarin inhales softly. He turns around to look at his fellow Founder with an expression devoid of fear, apprehension, or joy. His blank face gives no clue as to his emotions, nor do his thoughts, since Dosena cannot read the mind of one who has mastered the Mind of Void.

"The lack of a triumphant tone in your voice tells me Diablo's tricks were sufficient to force your departure. What gains has the Archdemon made that we did not anticipate?"

Dosena glances at the painting of Diablo behind Unarin for a brief moment before returning her eyes to the First Founder.

[The encounter went as follows...]

For ten minutes, Dosena gives a detailed explanation of every important event she sensed as well as an exact transcript of the words she and Diablo shared. Naturally, Unarin's elevated brain capacity nearly matches hers, and so he does not require anything to be explained a second time.

After she concludes, Unarin begins pacing back and forth slowly, lowering his head as he falls deep into thought.

"Hmm... ahh... so it is like that. Hmm..."

Every once in a while, Unarin will pause to pick up one of the many art pieces in his sanctum, examining it thoughtlessly while he continues to dwell on every clue Dosena has given him.

Finally, the First Founder stops and turns to look at Dosena once more.

"I believe I have a grasp on the situation now." Unarin says. "The Emperor of Annihilation is quite fearsome, but these machinations are not his. The First Emperor of Transience is more or less behind most of Diablo's plans. As for the uncharacteristic way Diablo has been acting, I have some thoughts as well."

[Feel free to speak them.] Dosena says.

Unarin smiles faintly. "No need. Things can remain as they are now. Continue attending to that matter with the Myriad Deity. If you can successfully break his soul and refine his dragon-bones, we will obtain a colossal supply of Living Moldanium. That will benefit our Empire greatly."

[What about Diablo?] Dosena asks, frowning faintly.

Unarin shrugs. "He said he will pay me a visit. Let him come. I believe I know what he wishes to say. It will not be... harmful to the Volgrim Empire. Not directly, in any case."

Dosena nods slowly. Already, she has realized that Unarin does not want to say anything out loud because he strongly suspects the Wordsmiths may be watching them. There's no sense giving their enemies information thoughtlessly. Let the humans work for what they want.

[I contemplate and I comprehend.] Dosena says casually. [I will return to my domain.]

Unarin says nothing else. He simply walks past her and heads out of his sanctum, allowing the Second Founder to disappear without a word.

After Dosena arrives back in her hidden domain, she finds Executor Riley diligently holding Mephisto in place. The Myriad Deity curses and groans as he tries desperately to escape, but Dosena's restrictions are far too potent for a pathetic Bottom Cosmic to have any chance at breaking free.

[Second Founder.] Riley says, immediately bowing her head and dropping to one knee.

[Where is Creator Demila?] Dosena asks.

[Creator Demila is still on assignment, hunting down Emperor Gressil.] Riley says, raising her head while taking care not to meet her superior's eyes without permission. Doing so would indicate a grave misstep of decorum.

[Recall her.] Dosena says coldly. [That useless reject still hasn't managed to uncover the hiding spot of one piddling Demon Emperor. She is truly a stain upon the great name of the Psions.]

Riley frowns. Despite Demila's lower Psion Level, she is in fact a few hundred thousand years older than Riley herself. It would not be appropriate for her to badmouth a senior born shortly after the end of the Great Wars.

[Creator Demila has indeed reached the end of her Path...] Riley says hesitantly. [But... does she not have many great accomplishments to her name?]

Dosena snorts. [She has always been an underachiever. She lacks drive. She hungers for power, yet her will is shaky, and her Seed riddled with flaws. She took too many shortcuts and exhausted her potential, thinking she could rush to the rank of Executor. Now she is stuck and will never progress further. What is Demila if not a fool besmirching our name?]

Riley neither confirms nor denies any thoughts Dosena has regarding Demila, as she would find those thoughts to be disrespectful in all possible contexts.

[I will recall her, as per your orders, Second Founder.] Riley instead says. [What assignment would you prefer I put her on next?]

[Have her report directly to me.] Dosena answers. [I will hand out her next assignment in person.]

[As you command, Second Founder. I contemplate, and I comprehend.]

Riley bows her head one last time, then stands up and rips a gap in space to depart. Unlike Dosena's ability to silently cross the Void, her spatial manipulation skills are much more rudimentary, a fact that causes her slight embarrassment.

She leaves, and Dosena returns to the array binding Mephisto's dragon-body.

[Insect.] Dosena hisses, her eyes looking at Mephisto's curled-up body with contempt. [You will break before me, vermin. Your bones will become the property of my Empire. Your soul will crumble to dust.]

Mephisto's pain-wracked eyes glare daggers at her hatefully.

"We... will... RESSSISSST!"

---

Inside the Labyrinth Core, tens of thousands of humans stand at attention, their bodies protected by top of the line T-REX armor systems. Alongside them stand allied monsters and a small percentage of demons, including Emperors Belial, Beelzebub, and Kiari.

For hours now, they have waited restlessly after pushing out all non-allied demons and monsters, placing the Labyrinth Core on lockdown. Diablo's shocking appearance inside the Core frightened humanity out of their wits. The sudden disparity between allied and enemy demons has not helped humanity feel any better about the situation. Even now, Belial's body has drastically weakened in strength, making her only as strong as she was when she was a Duke, and the same holds true for Kiari.

Among humanity's allied demons, all of them effectively lose an entire rank of strength whenever they stand inside the Labyrinth, while enemy demons gain an entire rank, up to the level of Emperor.

For some reason though, Beelzebub appears unaffected by whatever means Diablo employed to turn the Labyrinth against demons who would not fall into subservience beneath him. However, a most alarming fact humanity discovers is that more than a few demons have already crawled away from humanity's good graces and returned to Diablo, finding comfort in the Archdemon's return. Now that Diablo has taken full control of the Archdemon's body, he will surely elevate the rest of his people, just as he promised.

Plus, the traitors had to admit they never did like working underneath the Wordsmith. Why would they? They used to rule the humans, but now they must work hard to reap benefits under their former slaves instead of taking what they deem rightfully theirs.

In the center of the Labyrinth Core, Jason steps out of a gap in space. Naturally this is not Jason himself, but his Dronesmith clone made out of mechanical and biological parts.

'Jason' looks around, then walks over to Belial and Kiari. The two demonesses stand together, whispering thoughts about what they expect to happen next. Neither looks happy about the change in circumstances.

"Hey." Jason says as he walks up. "You should head back to Tarus II. With your powers suppressed, you're a lot more vulnerable to attacks from your fellow demons."

"I'm not going anywhere." Belial says, crossing her arms. "Diablo has crossed a line this time. I don't know what the hell is going on with him, but if I leave, the Core will be doomed. We won't win a protracted battle without my help."

"I don't believe we will even _with_ your help." Jason says seriously, his eyes revealing a hint of forbidden knowledge.

Unlike everyone else in the Core, Jason has already watched and rewatched the footage of Melody's battle against Dosena several times. He's also heard all of Diablo's speeches to his fellow demons and relatively grasps the full extent of the Archdemon's cunning.

"I'll be blunt." Jason says evenly. "We're fucked. I can't contend against the Second Founder, and I sure as hell can't beat the Archdemon. If he does attack the Core, then everyone here is going to die. I don't want to see that happen."

Belial frowns. "Jason. Even if we retreat to Tarus II, we'll still have no chance of defeating Diablo. He's become too powerful. Unless the Archangels can unleash the Cherubiim again..."

"They might be able to." Jason says. "But... I don't think that will be enough. I still don't have a grasp on how powerful different 'Cosmics' are, but the Archdemon absolutely feels more powerful to me than the Cherubiim did when the Archangels attacked Hell Harbor. Coupled with the power of the First Emperor, I don't think any of us stands a chance..."

As Jason talks, Neil Adams trots over, a contingent of 100 elite soldiers keeping pace behind him.

"Jason, there you are." Neil says grumpily. "Took you long enough! Do you understand the situation we're in? I'm trying to come up with a counter for the Archdemon but none of our models are showing an effective threat response."

Jason sighs. "As a matter of fact, I understand the situation better than you'd think. Let's get everyone together and have a quick meeting. I'll explain what's going on in detail."

Without delay, Jason assembles more than a hundred high-ranking members of humanity's elites, including Neil Adams, Phoebe, Beelzebub, and others. Naturally, Blinker and Brunhilda don't join them, as they are currently inside Chrona. Everyone enters a side-room inside the Core where a giant conference table awaits, with everyone taking up seats at various positions. Neil and his advisors sit at one end, while Jason, Phoebe, Belial, Kiari, and Beelzebub sit at the other.

Jason gives a twenty-minute speech, explaining Diablo's recent accomplishments, including his destruction of all three Plague-controlled worlds inside the Shredder System, his ideological defeat of Dosena, and his ability to uplift Emperors en-masse to the rank of Cosmic.

Beelzebub sneers. "Is that all it takes? Diablo can simply latch an Emperor's soul to the core of a planet or a star and they will become a Cosmic? Too bad they'll actually become his loyal dog, unable to escape their new shackles! The devil is in the details."

Belial looks at Beelzebub in disgust. "What, _you're_ not interested in such an offer?"

"Of course not." Beelzebub spits back. "What a pathetic offer. Only the most brow-beaten loser of an Emperor would accept such a pitiful hand-me-down. It's obvious to anyone with two brain cells to rub together that Diablo isn't only seeking to reclaim worlds taken by the Plague. He's also ensuring his future competitors will have their ceilings of power capped! While he grows in strength, they will never Ascend further."

Jason touches his chin.

"That's... actually a good point, Beelzebub. I hadn't thought of that angle."

Neil taps the table. "Diablo is going to run out of Emperors quickly if he turns them all into Cosmics. Thanks to the changes inside the Labyrinth, he needs only to elevate demons to the rank of Duke to project Emperor-level power throughout demonkind's domain. Still, the more Emperors he turns into Cosmics, the slower his rate of expansion across the Milky Way will become. Dukes aren't going to be much help against the Plague, otherwise he would have only used them instead of risking his Emperors when he took back Sharmur."

"There are billions of star systems and only a few dozen Emperors in existence." Phoebe chimes in. "The math doesn't add up."

"We already know he can Uplift demons to the rank of Emperor." Neil points out. "So, in theory, he may be able to keep up with a somewhat aggressive rate of expansion..."

"I doubt that." Jason counters. "Even if Glinch can produce a few Emperors a day, and I think that's definitely going too far, the scale of our galaxy is mind-bogglingly large. Billions and billions of star systems cannot be held by a few hundred or even a few thousand Middle Cosmics tethered to stars. The Volgrim Empire at least has a fully mobile army of Cosmics through their Psions, and multiple armadas of starships built by trillions of Technopaths. The demons cannot hope to match that scale."

"Then... how is Diablo going to proceed?" Belial asks.

"That is the question I would like to have answered most of all." Neil replies glumly.

Humanity's leaders continue talking and planning for a while, but unfortunately, all they manage to decide on is the idea that they truly have no recourse against the Archdemon. Forget mass-producing Middle Cosmics, even if the only enemies humanity had to face were Diablo and the First Emperor alone, they still wouldn't stand a chance!

How in the damnation are they supposed to do battle when the field is so lopsided against them?

Phoebe sinks into her chair and touches her pregnant belly. "Will Diablo force us to return to the old ways of slavery and torture? Is humanity destined to become vassals to our enemies? Playthings for them to violate as they please?"

Jason inhales deeply, then he exhales.

"Everyone. If push comes to shove, we have one last fallback option. I can place all of humanity inside the Cube. We can grow our strength there in peace, untouched by Diablo, Dosena, and all the others. We'd have to give up on the Milky Way, but I think... this could be a way to save ourselves."

Neil's eyes flicker with hatred. He gazes at the table with a faint look of despair.

"The Milky Way is our home too. If the demons were to drive us to the point of desperation, I vow that when we grew strong enough to return, we would lay waste to everything they hold dear. There would be no path of reconciliation. All who caused us harm would suffer the pain of a thousand deaths."

A few of the demons at the table frown at Neil's words. But then again, coming from him, this level of bigotry is the same as what they've grown to expect. And frankly, he already hates demonkind to its core. What new sentiment do his words convey that they haven't heard before?

"At this point," Jason says, "we have no choice but to wait for Diablo's arrival. If he wants a fight, we'll give him one. And if he doesn't, then maybe we can find some way to compromise..."

"Compromise." Neil growls, practically spitting the word out. "How delightful."

Jason shakes his head. He touches Phoebe's hand and smiles weakly, but the expression certainly feels forced, given the circumstances.

As the group continues to talk, Belial, Beelzebub, and Kiari all suddenly sit up straighter. Their eyes flicker as they look around the room, searching for something.

Kiari suddenly points up into the air above the center of the table. "Look! Up there!"

Immediately, everyone follows her gesture. They watch with widened eyes as a flicker of cosmic energy materializes in the air. Then, abruptly, Diablo's Astral Body takes shape, materializing in the air like a God Emperor looking down upon a bunch of peons.

Neil sucks in a breath. "Diablo!"

"Ah, how good of you all to assemble in one place." Diablo says, his ghostly voice tickling the ears of everyone present. "Oh, do not worry, humans and traitors alike. If I wanted you dead, I'd simply have had Yardrat open a portal to the Core. With a single blast of the Archdemon's destructive force, I could annihilate everything and everyone inside."

Jason's heart turns cold. Inside the domain of Chrona, he keeps his attention focused on Phoebe and all the others inside the Core, looking and waiting for even a hint of Diablo's desire to attack. If he senses the faintest buildup of Cosmic Energy, Jason will pull everyone out of the Core in an instant, saving them through his time-accelerated magic.

Luckily, Diablo doesn't seem too interested in exterminating his enemies. This gives Jason some slight assurances, though he never dares to lower his guard.

"What... what do you want, Diablo?" Belial asks, gritting her teeth.

Beelzebub appears unimpressed by the cosmic apparition floating in the sky. "We don't stand a chance against the lauded Archdemon, but I bet he has some use for us still or he wouldn't have come here in such a simple manner."

"An excellent guess." Diablo says, directing a faintly appreciative stare toward Beelzebub. "Mmm... you've grown well, Beelzebub. It seems you have refined many of the impurities from your soul. What a curious path you've begun to walk. You may be the finest demon I've ever seen..."

Diablo only looks at Beelzebub a moment longer before rotating around in midair to get a good look at everyone present.

"Wordsmith. Neil Adams. So good of both of you to be here for this Deity's proclamation. I have quite the offer for the two of you to mull over, and I think it will be one you both can find... _agreeable._"

"An offer?" Jason asks, feeling suspicious.

"Speak clearly." Neil adds. "None of your demonic mind-games..."

Diablo fans out his fingers and begins examining his nails.

"Well, how do I put it exactly? Hmm... I suppose I would just like to make you a simple offer."

He pauses.

"It's more of a request, really."

Diablo turns up the corner of his lips in a cross between a sneer and a smile.

"What would you humans say if I said our species should become... _good friends_? Perhaps even have a little truce, hmm?"

Neil blinks. "A truce?"

Jason's jaw starts to hang open. "...What? You told us to get out of the Core before."

"I did. And that demand still stands." Diablo explains. "But let's just say there's a bit of... _nuance_."

Jason, Neil, and Phoebe all lean forward.

"We're listening."