Part 710: Rekindled Flame
Part 710: Rekindled Flame

_January 29th, 2021. Sarabiya, Egypt._

Men and women looked around in confusion. They remembered little of their past few hundreds, or even thousands of years of life. For some of them, the memories were more tangible than for the others. They could remember some of the acts they had committed. A scant few remembered everything. But by and large, most of Bahamut's victims had essentially stepped through a doorway into the future. They didn't know where they were or how much the world had changed.

They didn't even know how much time had passed.

Jason stepped forward. His movements, and his distinctive futuristic armor immediately drew the gazes of everyone present.

"Greetings, all of you! I am Jason Hiro, the legendary Archseer! I am a Hero of humanity, and your liberator! You should all feel proud to be in my presence, hahahaha!!"

Jason puffed out his chest and assumed a braggadocios person, laughing haughtily as if he were a god looking down upon all of creation. He lifted his arms in a manner most grand, and spread out his fingers as if trying to seize the light of day.

"The evil villain, Bahamut, the Sphinx of Egypt, took each and every one of you captive with her riddle magic! She turned you into her thralls and put you in a state of mental fugue. Some of you have been her slaves for thousands of years, some for hundreds, and a small number for mere decades. But I assure you, the world you live in now is one far different from when she enslaved you. Your families are long dead, the state of the planet has changed, and even the technology level of civilization has greatly advanced."

He continued. "Behind me is the new Sphinx. Her name is Phoebe Berthold, the one who broke free of her chains to slay your shared tormentor! A pupil of the legendary Hero, King Arthur, she stole the Sphinx's power and has sworn never to use it to cause harm again. You may serve her, or you may go on your way as you please. I will not forbid any of you from taking whichever action you desire."

"However!" Jason exclaimed. "The world you know is long gone. If you step out into the current one without any knowledge of its situation, you are likely to meet your demise. I advise you to stay here, at least for a while. I will host educational classes to bring you all up to speed on the state of the world and allow you to make your decisions then!"

Jason paused for the briefest of moments. He quickly scanned the people around him. Though their numbers were vast, numbering in the thousands, the emotions they were feeling were easy to determine based on their facial expressions.

The humans looked deeply disturbed. As mortals with short lifespans, the knowledge that their friends and family were long dead had clearly left a mark on their psyche. They seemed defeated and lost. He decided right then and there that between ninety and one hundred percent of the humans would choose to stay on his side.

But the monsters, angels, and demons were a different story. Some species of monsters were not immortal, but most were. The same was true of angels and demons. They almost certainly still had friends and family still among the living. Jason determined that less than ten percent would be inclined to stay with him for any duration of time.

That was alright. He didn't value these scraps Bahamut had enslaved all that highly. There were five angels present, and four of them were Lazarites. Only one was a pureblood. Among the demons, there seemed to be about twenty, and none of them ranked above the level of a Demon Lord.

Just as Jason was about to write them off, he suddenly spotted a familiar face among the monsters.

Doctor Fathy!

She was the third most famous doctor in the future, after Belial and Leeroy, a Harpie woman whose natural medical skills towered above those of surgeons born in the 21st century. How she acquired such formidable medical skills was anyone's guess. The fact she competed with two Demon Emperors known for their healing skills said a lot.

Naturally, she did not know who Jason was. She merely stared at him silently, along with all the other people.

At the same time as Jason was speaking, the angels and demons present were side-eyeing each other. They may have just awoken from a forced slumber, but their hatred for one another ran bone deep. There was no way they would become chummy with each other just like that.

Phoebe looked at Jason's back. She was surprised that he had given her the credit for slaying Bahamut. While this was technically true, she certainly did not break free of Bahamut's control. Her new position was entirely granted by his mercy.

As such, her heart warmed toward him noticeably.

"I have studied the ancient records of Bahamut." Jason declared, waving his arm in a grandiose manner. "I know many of your names, but some of you were not in her scrolls. I would very much like to meet you all after this, and speak to you one on one. You may refuse! Don't feel that you're under any obligation to follow me. If you want, you can walk out into the desert right now!"

Jason paused, then cocked his head.

"But, in the spirit of gratitude for saving your lives, I hope you would show myself and the new Sphinx a little leeway."

Many people subtly nodded. His request was fair. They were all a little out of sorts, and getting to speak to this 'Hero' certainly wouldn't hurt.

For the humans who knew what a Hero was, Jason's identity was extremely impressive! They immediately wanted to forge a connection with him for a variety of reasons.

For the humans who did not, the fact that he was a human and one of their saviors certainly bought him a lot of goodwill, even if his manner of speaking was a little too ostentatious for their tastes.

The angels definitely knew who he was, as did the demons. Even an idiot demon would know that a Hero was a big deal. These types secretly decided to meet with him for at least the purpose of collecting information on him. Whether they liked him and stayed, or left and gave that information to their leaders would be up for debate when the time came...

And finally, the monsters. Among them were Orcs, Goblins, Harpies, Felaris, Minotaurs, Kobolds, Fairies, and plenty of other scattered types that typically hid themselves from the human world. These types had opinions that fluctuated between those shared with the humans and those shared by the angels and demons. Their allegiances were only known to them.

But Jason was confident. He believed he could raise that 10% chance of recruitment to 25% or even 50% if he spoke to them the right way.

As for the ones who intended to sell information of him back to their masters?

How could he let _that_ happen? Naturally, once they left the desert, their memories would be wiped, or their existences would be extinguished, either fate determined by what Jason felt was most appropriate depending on their identity. Only the Wordsmith would benefit from these discussions, not his enemies.

"Everyone! I look forward to speaking to all of you!" Jason declared. "For now, simply walk around and familiarize yourselves with this oasis. There are homes here, temporary shelters suitable for you to live in. I will be having an assistant of mine completely overhaul this land in the near future!"

The crowd loudly clapped and cheered, though some of the people present had more muted reactions than the rest. Those few did not know this, but Jason had instantly recorded and cataloged everyone's reactions. He had already begun compiling information to determine who was most trustworthy, and he would not stop until his Work was done.

That was not going to happen for a very, very long time.

With a flourish, Jason spun on his heel, then took Phoebe's arm with his hand and guided her away. She still seemed somewhat dazed by the rapid change in her life situation.

"Walk with me." Jason said.

She nodded and strode beside him without complaint.

Leaving the crowd behind, Jason let them deal with matters themselves. He knew there was a chance fights might immediately start breaking out, but he had taken countermeasures already. Any troublemakers would meet a swift and decisive end. Plus, by letting everyone sort themselves out, he would be able to see if any of them had leadership experience.

Jason already knew Neil was among the people present, but he didn't immediately seek the man out. Jason had only one thing on his mind at this moment, and it was something he had been aching to do for a long time...

He led Phoebe back inside Bahamut's Citadel. Now, with all the slaves freed, it was completely silent inside. Their footsteps seemed to echo for miles into the distance as they walked the corridors leading down into the heart of the pyramid.

"My lord." Phoebe said, eventually breaking the silence. "Why did you choose for me to become the Sphinx? I still do not understand."

_My lord._

_My lord._

Her formal words crashed against Jason's head, making him feel somewhat sick to his stomach. Phoebe had no idea who he was, or how much she mattered to him. She spoke to him as if he were a stranger, because to her, _he was_.

Jason swallowed heavily. He thought for a moment before replying.

"Because I need someone I can trust, and you're the best candidate here." Jason said quietly.

"What makes you think I am trustworthy, my liege?" Phoebe pressed further. "For all you know, I could be a liar and a thief."

"Unlikely." Jason replied. "My discussions with Arthur granted me great insight. You are a woman of conviction. You abandoned your kingdom to save innocent demons, even knowing it would likely carry the penalty of death. I need someone with strong convictions by my side... assuming you want to be there in the first place."

Jason's heart skipped a beat. This was the first time he was giving Phoebe a chance to abandon him and leave, and he suddenly felt a twinge of fear she might just do that!

But she didn't.

"Please do not jest, my lord." Phoebe said, shaking her head politely. "You have saved my life and granted me a power which belonged to the former Sphinx. The burden is heavy, but I feel obliged to rise to the occasion. I will not abandon you so long as you need me."

Jason turned his head slightly to look at her as they walked. They passed by a lit torch sconce on the wall, and its flames illuminated her smiling face.

Her smile... warmed his heart. He could not help but smile back.

"That's good." Jason said. "That's... good."

He looked away. Phoebe raised an eyebrow as she noticed something about him felt off.

"Is something the matter, my liege? You seem displeased."

"I'm not." Jason said. "In fact, I'm happier now than I've felt in the better part of a year. But along with that joy is... a deep sense of sadness. It's hard to explain."

"You do not have to speak of it if you do not wish to do so." Phoebe said, before pausing and adding, "though, if you ever wish to unburden your heart, I am your faithful servant. I will always be here for you."

Jason slowed his pace, then stopped in the middle of the hallway. He stared into the distance, uncertain of what to say.

"...I. I lost. I lost my wife." Jason said, his words slow and halting. "She died. It was my fault. Or, at the very least, my inaction, my failure to anticipate my enemy's movements... is what caused her death."

Phoebe bowed her head slightly. She folded her hands in front of herself and listened quietly.

"I've been lost for so long." Jason said. "I'm trying to use my power to fight a war for the fate of humanity. If it wasn't for the fact that I found my daughter alive and well, I don't think I'd be here right now."

Phoebe glanced at him for a split-second, then looked away.

"I am glad you did not walk the wrong path, my lord." Phoebe said softly. "Else, I would still be trapped within Bahamut's grasp. So would many other people. I do not know what caused your wife's death, but I believe she would be unhappy if she were to find out you blamed yourself."

Jason turned his head. He looked at the top of Phoebe's beautiful white hair. He felt a pang of longing... he wanted to reach out and hug her, to kiss her, to pull her into his embrace and reunite with her...

But he couldn't do that. He didn't _deserve_ such joy.

"You're probably right." Jason muttered. "My wife was a good person. She was the best person I've ever known. She wouldn't blame me for what happened. But it doesn't matter now. Because it did happen. And I blame myself. I can never forgive myself."

Jason cleared his throat, but some stubborn phlegm remained stuck in place, so his voice turned slightly raspy.

"I... I keep forcing myself to go on. To push forward. To continue trying to make a better world for my daughter, and for all the other people who depend on me. But truthfully, my will has weakened a lot lately. I look in the mirror and want to kill the man looking back at me. I hate him so much. I hate his weakness. I hate his indecision. More than that, I hate that I spent so little time with my wife before she died."

"What do you mean?" Phoebe asked. "You weren't living with her?"

Jason ground his teeth against each other. "No. I wasn't. She was pregnant with our son, and I was living inside a time-accelerated temporal dimension. I feared the time flow might hurt her or the baby, so I left her in Realspace, visiting occasionally. Even when she had the boy, I didn't bring her inside for fear she might end up injured from the timeflow distortions-"

Jason glanced at Phoebe, only to see that she appeared completely confused.

"F-forgive me, my lord." Phoebe said, feeling flustered under his gaze. "This... um... time flow... dimension... I do not understand these words. I apologize for my inadequacy."

She quickly bowed her head, feeling shameful before him, yet what she didn't know was that Jason felt even worse than she did.

This Phoebe had not come into contact with Solomon's Crown. She was merely an above-average medieval woman when it came to intellect. She had no concept of time travel, different dimensions, or other science fiction-like terminology.

The knowledge that his wife had been reduced to such a state made Jason's heart ache. He massaged his eyes and sighed.

"No, it's my fault. In time, I will grant you a new boon that will greatly enhance your cognitive capabilities. I believe you could become one of the smartest people on Earth, given the right resources."

Phoebe looked up at him in astonishment. Then, she burst into laughter.

"Hahaha, oh, my liege, you do have a sense of humor! I am quite slow when it comes to complex matters, but I am a good listener. It's one of my few traits I feel pride towards!"

"I'm not joking." Jason said. "Here, let's rest in Bahamut's throne room. I have a few things I'd like to inform you of."

Jason led her into the heart of the Citadel. He gestured toward Bahamut's throne, but she simply turned and looked at him, for the first time, as if he were a fool.

"...Forgive me, but I would prefer not to sit there." Phoebe said. "That throne is more appropriate for a Hero such as yourself."

"Let's just agree it's an ugly and tacky throne and it'll be one of the first things we eliminate." Jason joked, smiling genuinely in spite of his earlier pain. 

He really enjoyed being able to talk to Phoebe again, even if she wasn't exactly... _his_ Phoebe.

He sat on a couch that had previously been intended for Bahamut's harem girls, and Phoebe sat beside him, though she put half a person's distance between them. They were strangers, after all.

"Over the coming days," Jason said, "I am going to be deceiving a lot of people. You are the only person I'm about to tell the truth. Please keep what I am about to say completely confidential."

Phoebe's eyes widened. "O-of course, my liege. Consider it done. But again I must ask, why are you so sure you can trust me?"

Jason hesitated.

"...I am friends with many Heroes. I have learned of a coming war that will soon engulf the Earth. I have also learned of the identities of certain people who will be instrumental in winning the war for both sides. You are one of those people."

Phoebe balked. "Me? But I am just an ordinary woman-"

"Ordinary no more." Jason interrupted. "You now possess the power of the Sphinx. And unlike that wastrel Bahamut, who squandered her power to pursue riches and depravity, you will be able to put its power to better use. You are a warrior at heart, a woman who is extremely courageous, and formerly the only female member of the Knights of the Round Table."

He paused.

"Please do not sell yourself short. You are far from ordinary, Phoebe."

Phoebe smiled at him, then rubbed her hands together. She didn't know why, but she really liked the way he spoke to her.

"You seem like a nice young man." Phoebe said. "How long were you, um, married?"

Jason stared at her for a moment. He coughed.

"Um. We were married, err, in real terms, six years. In terms of my lived life... a bit over three hundred years."

"Th-th-three HUNDRED years?!" Phoebe exclaimed, looking at him aghast. "Wha- I, I mean, HOW??"

"Let's not worry about that right now." Jason said, as he chuckled and shook his head. "I'm going to tell you something important now, so pay attention."

He paused to gather his thoughts.

"In public, my title is the Archseer. I profess to be a prophet who sees the future, and has the power to assimilate knowledge quickly, making myself a powerful frontline combatant. But this is a deception. My true title is Wordsmith. I have the ability to create nearly anything by speaking a single Word of Power. For example, **Cup!**"

Jason held out his hand, and a small glass cup appeared in his palm. Phoebe flinched when it appeared. Her eyes became as wide as saucers.

"You can summon objects?" She asked.

"I can do a lot more than that." Jason answered. "I can conjure and shoot fireballs, unleash a hail of arrows upon my enemies, create suits of armor like the one I'm wearing... and I can even create entire realms and lands filled with machinery and magical architecture beyond your imagination. I am a fairly good fighter, but my combat skills pale in comparison to legends like Arthur. That is why I am focusing on building an army of trustworthy people and using my powers to enhance all of them, so they can solve my deficiencies. I helped you obtain the Sphinx's power, and I will upgrade your mind and other bodily abilities as well, so that you may defend yourself and humanity in the coming future war."

Phoebe nodded solemnly. She felt that the weight of her decision to accept the Sphinx's power was growing heavier by the hour, but it was a burden she was willing to bear.

"Thus," Jason continued, "I am going to have to ask you to help me play a little trick on the others outside. I already know that some of them will be trustworthy warriors for humanity, but I cannot say that is true of all of them. Are you willing to help me interview them, in your new role as the Sphinx, and weed out the undesirables while keeping your eyes peeled for diamonds in the rough?"

Phoebe thought for a moment. She didn't immediately accept, but instead tapped her finger to her lips and thought carefully about everything she had learned.

Eventually, she nodded, a grave look of certainty on her face. "Of course. I will assist you, Wordsmith. I will not speak of any matters you tell me in confidence."

"Haha." Jason chuckled lightly. "I know. I'll be counting on you to be my number one confidante and assistant, Phoebe."

She stood up, then turned and dropped to one knee, bowing before him.

"I am at your service, my liege. You honor me with your words."

Seeing his wife bowing to him, Jason's eyes shook.

He reached out, then rested his palm on top of her head.

"No... no more of this, Phoebe. From now on, please just call me... Jason. I won't feel at ease if you're so formal around me."

Phoebe quickly lifted her head. "No, I... I don't think that's appropriate, my lord. It is not right for a commoner to speak to her King, a Hero no less, with such a familiar tone."

Jason pulled his hand away and smiled.

"Please. Phoebe, I'm begging you. Just call me by my name. Alright?"

Phoebe met his gaze. She looked into his eyes, and saw a strange warmness mixed with isolation that she couldn't properly identify. Something about him seemed like he knew her better than he knew himself, but also that he was carrying a burden greater than she could fathom.

Phoebe lowered her eyes.

She sighed softly.

"Very well... Lord Jason."

"Just Jason. No 'lord' or 'sir' or 'king' or 'liege', Got it?" Jason retorted.

"I understand. My apologies... Jason." Phoebe said.

Speaking his name so plainly felt wrong on many levels, but when she met his eyes again, she saw that his smile had deepened, ever so slightly, and that feeling of wrongness didn't feel as sharp as before.

She quite liked the way it felt to call him by his name.

"I'm glad to have you by my side, Phoebe." Jason said.