[Recommended Listening](https://www.dropbox.com/s/dkxvhpndd0shd1f/Creepy%20Theater%20-%20KevinbenjaminClassic.mp3)

The smiling face of evil lurks in the shadows of my mind. "You would _kill_, hmm? It appears that this 'peat-zuh' you speak of must be incredibly valuable. Few mortals would shed blood for anything less than the object of their dreams."

I stare at the orb dumbly for a moment. This guy doesn't know what pizza is? Well, I guess that makes sense. He's inside a sphere in a labyrinth held in the hands of a statue formed in the image of a young girl. Nothing about this situation is logical.

"Pizza is food, tasty food. I'm homesick. I don't like this place, and I want to leave, jump into my warm bed, and pray I never see these walls ever again."

The face inside my head smiles even wider than before. "Ah, so you seek comfort, joy, and other trifles of life. Power will grant you all of the things you seek, and I can give it to you. With my energy, you will be unstoppable, capable of crushing all who stand before you."

"Uh. But that isn't what I want. The whole 'crushing' thing isn't my style." I take a step to the side and eye the orb a little more cautiously. "Err, don't take this the wrong way, but something about you is a little... untrustworthy. Sinister, even. Compared to this glowing orb in my hand, you sorta scream _evil_, you know? I think I'll pass on whatever you have to offer."

Instantly, his smile vanishes. "You deny my power? None would dare do such a thing."

I nod slowly at the face in my mind. "Well, I'm different from other people. I know how this goes. You'll offer me unfathomable power, and then damn my soul for all eternity. Doesn't sound pleasant. Besides, I've got this glowing orb here, and so far he's been nothing but helpful!"

"Hoarhiim? My brother is a weakling, incapable of helping you beyond acting as a light in the darkness. Accept my power, and you won't need a light, for you will be _one_ with the darkness."

Ignoring his incessant prodding, I steal a glance at the small orb shining like a star in my hand. "This thing has a name?"

"Of course, as do I." The man shrouded in darkness frowns at me. "Your manners are awful, calling my brother a 'thing.' Hoarhiim! Wake up! Stop snoozing and say hello to your big brother!"

A familiar tingling itches at the back of my neck, and slowly, a second face forms in my mind. If I had to describe Hoarhiim, I'd say his face is like that of God. Shining, with long white hair that drapes down to his shoulders, and glowing eyes that could pierce the fabric of my being if he wished. While the dark-god appears to be a monster of evil and malice incarnate, Hoarhiim is more of a brilliant entity of righteousness and purity.

Hoarhiim blinks slowly. "Hmm? What is it, Blaarjiim? Why have you woken me from my slumber?"

The man inside the orb of darkness, Blaarjiim, sighs dramatically. "How long have you been in this mortal's possession, yet stayed asleep? You will never hope to defeat me if you cannot apply yourself."

With a grumble, Hoarhiim's face turns to his brother's in my mind. "Destruction is your calling, but I tread a different path. As for this young one, I felt his touch and ignored it. He hardly needs my energy."

I raise an eyebrow at Hoarhiim. "What do you mean by 'your energy'?"

"Spiritual energy, the power that manifests itself in all creatures born in this universe. As a human, you would usually possess very little of it, but in your case..." Hoarhiim trails off, and Blaarjiim pounces at the chance to interject.

"Speaking of that very thing... human, what are you doing in the Labyrinth? Only a foolish mortal or one of incredible power would dare enter this domain, especially by himself."

I don't know how to answer that. "I guess I'm foolish, then. I didn't come here on purpose; I'll have you know. It's an accident that I'm here at all."

A smile spreads across my face. Yeah. An accident. That's all it is. Even if I pinch myself, I can't wake up from the nightmare. Nothing about this place- this labyrinth, makes the slightest sense. Just when I thought it couldn't get any more bizarre, I ended up talking to a god of darkness and one of light. Next thing I know, there'll be a magical duck with the wings of a fairy guiding me to la-la land.

After a moment of silence, I turn back to Blaarjiim. "Well, anyway, I should be going. I'm glad you got to chat with your brother, and I'd consider leaving him with you, except he makes for a GREAT flashlight. So, yeah. Take care of yourself, god of all that is evil and gross."

Hoarhiim yawns mightily. "Mmm, you're an interesting human. I can't say I've known any who would turn down a chance for power, but then, I haven't known many humans."

His brother balks. "You deny me once more? You dare leave me behind?!"

"Mhm." I turn around and start to walk away. "Hope things work out for you. Ciao."

His image in my mind starts to dull as I take a few steps away, but suddenly his attitude changes. "Ah... aha! I see, so it's like that then, is it?"

"Uh, like what?" Internally I sigh, sensing that he's about to flip-flop.

"If you do not require my power now, perhaps you may in the future. Why not take me along with you? Unless you're too frightened by my infinite power, that is."

Slowly, I turn back and stare at the orb. "What, are you lonely or something? Don't like hanging around with a statue doing nothing all day?"

Blaarjiim finally decides to be honest, for once. "Yes, it is true. My existence here is empty and meaningless. With my former owner gone, I have nothing to live for."

A chuckle escapes Hoarhiim's lips. "Owner? I thought you and the girl were partners."

"Such simple words could not describe our relationship," Blaarjiim says, his evil aura from earlier somewhat muted now. "That is beside the point. I wish to travel with you. Take me along, and when the time is right, you will beg me for my strength."

"I doubt that," I say dryly, as I glance at Hoarhiim's orb. "Say, if I touch his orb, is he going to own me for life? You seem pretty honest and upstanding, compared to your brother. You wouldn't lie, would you?"

Hoarhiim shrugs. "I could lie if I wished, but it would serve no purpose. My brother can do nothing if you choose not to accept his power. You and I share a bond now, due to the manner in which we met. Your mind begged me for the strength to survive, and thus I gave it to you."

"Oh. Neat."  After a few moments, I think to myself, _fuck it, if Hoarhiim says Blaarjiim can't hurt me, it's probably true. I don't care either way. To be honest, if that statue monster comes back, I may need the extra firepower._

Two seconds later, I stand before the statue of the little girl and pluck Blaarjiim out of her hands. "Yoink. Alright, you can come along, but you'd better behave like a good little orb of death and misery, or I'll put you back where I found you."

Blaarjiim returns to his creepy smile from before and slowly clasps his hands together. "I get the feeling we're going to have many good times together."

As I turn away from the statue, a sudden rumbling in the distance catches my ear. The sounds of cackling and laughing, from dozens- no, hundreds of voices scream together from the hall that I came from.

With a mock look of surprise, Blaarjiim holds his hand up to his mouth. "Oops, I must have forgotten. _They_ probably won't be too happy that you removed me."

As the rumbling draws nearer, I feel the ground start to tremble. "Fuck everything about my life."



For the third time since I arrived in this Labyrinth, I feel fear take hold of my heart and freeze me in place.

Hoarhiim is unfazed. "The Army of Sheol. They aren't very friendly. You should probably start moving if you value your life."

"Why run? Take my power, and I will allow you to slay the weak little-" Blaarjiim tries to goad me again, but I'm simply too seized with fear to listen.

"Not now! Gotta go, and fast! Which path do I take to get the hell outta dodge?!"

After a moment, I jerk around to look at the sizeable golden doors. Unlike the giant double doors I noticed when I was fleeing the statue monster, these are much smaller, but painted gold, or perhaps formed out of the material itself. If I want to escape... that path might be...

The enemy is closing. I've got seconds to spare. Leaping into action, I rush to the giant door, an orb in each hand, and slam my shoulder against it, shoving with all my might. "Gaaaah! Open up, you stupid piece of shit! OPEN!"

Hoarhiim decides now is the perfect time to chime in. "If you want, I can give you some energy to boost your body. It should give you the strength to shove-"

"Do it! For fuck's sake, they're right around the corner!" I scream at his orb, and before I know it, a sudden wondrous feeling fills my body. I feel like more of a mountain than a man. My fatigue and fear vanish all at once, and my muscles bulge as if I took ten years worth of steroids all at once. This time, when I shove against the door, electricity bolts off my body and slams into the ground, and the entryway screeches and scrapes against the stone tiling, opening up half a foot.

I barely finish in the nick of time. Once I slide inside, my eyes shoot open. A group of orcs, goblins, and skeletons rush around the corner, their eyes locking onto me all at the same time. 

One of the goblins points at me. "There he is! Told ya I smelled man-flesh!"

"Human! Get him! We eat good tonight!" One of the orcs stabs a fat finger at me, and I nearly scream as that same terror comes back. No matter how strong I am, I can't possibly take on an army of monsters! Using the strength the orb has given me, I shove the door shut behind me. The sound of melee weapons banging against the other side makes me stumble backward and fall on my rear. The monsters don't seem to have the collective strength to open it.

My breathing slows to normal, as the sounds of monsters beating the door increase in volume. A quick glance around the room makes my heart sink; there isn't any other way out. I just backed myself into a dead end. Stupid, stupid!

Blaarjiim seems to notice this fact as well. "Uh oh, it seems your day keeps getting worse."

"Stuff it." I glance uneasily behind myself at the door, but Hoarhiim intervenes.

"There's no need to worry. You are safe for now. Only several trolls or a powerful demon could open this door, and they're far too busy to bother. Not even a hundred orcs bringing their full strength to bear could budge it an inch."

"Seriously? How much strength did you give me?" Even as the words leave my mouth, I feel Hoarhiim's energy slip through my hand and back into his orb. "And what do you mean by demons? Where am I? Why are there goblins and orcs and other creatures from fantasy lore? This whole Labyrinth is unreal!"

In my mind's eye, Blaarjiim sneers at me. "How does one _accidentally_ stumble into the realm of the demons, yet not know the manner in which he arrived? You must be quite the oaf not to understand the land in which you now tread."

"The realm of the demons? What, like, I'm in _Hell_?"

Hoarhiim nods matter-of-factly. "That is correct. This Labyrinth is part of the great interconnected structure known as Hell."

I clasp both orbs a little harder so that my hands don't shake. "D-does that mean... I'm dead?"

Blaarjiim stares at me in silence before bursting into a fit of laughter. "Pahahaha! Dead?! Surely you jest! Hah, that's the funniest thing I've heard in ages! Hoarhiim, your pet human is completely clueless!"

Hoarhiim, to his credit, merely sighs. "He's a mortal. If he doesn't know how he arrived here, he probably hasn't the faintest understanding of Hell. I'm surprised he even knows what orcs, goblins, and demons are, given his rudimentary understanding of the universe."

I reach over and set Hoarhiim's softball-sized orb in the same hand as Blaarjiim's, though the fit is very uncomfortable and I have to rest both of them against my stomach so I can itch my cheek. "I mean, I read the Bible, and a bunch of other books when I was a kid. I'm a genre buff when it comes to mythology and other stuff like that. It never did me any good in college, and it didn't get me any attention from girls, but it was my hobby."

Blaarjiim squints to stare at me. "Caw-ledge? Buy-bul? What are you talking about? What do those have to do with books?"

Hoarhiim chuckles at his confused brother. "I suspect they are the titles of the books. I thought all books were destroyed by the demons, given their passion for illiteracy. How did you ever find books to read?"

Shrugging, I grab Hoarhiim's orb with my right hand again. "From the library. I suppose they don't have libraries here, but they did in America."

Now it's Hoarhiim's turn to look confused. "America? I have not heard of that district."

A sudden thought enters my mind. "Err, this seems like a dumb question, but I've been wondering... am I even on Earth anymore?" I thought the Labyrinth was under the surface or something, but that doesn't appear to be the case."

In unison, Blaarjiim and Hoarhiim's faces go taut. The two of them stare at me incredulously, as if they're unable to comprehend my question.

Blaarjiim is the first to break the silence. "Boy. This farce has gone on long enough. Who are you, and how do you know about Earth?"

"What do you mean? Why wouldn't I know about Earth?"

Blaarjiim stares at me with skepticism in his eyes. "As you have surmised, you now reside in Hell. Earth is not a place any mortal should know of, and very few demons do."

"Yet he does," Hoarhiim counters. "Sometimes a mortal can be full of surprises."

"I'm from Earth. I was born and raised there," I say, volunteering the information before the orbs can ask. "If we're not under Earth's surface, then where in the, err, 'hell' are we?"

Blaarjiim shifts uncomfortably in my mind, turning his back on my mental vision. "I do not think we should say. The rules forbid discussion of Earth."

Hoarhiim smoothly interjects, "Brother; those rules govern the demons. We are not demons. Jason already knows of Earth's existence, so I believe we can offer at least a bare minimum of explanation."

"Always the soft one," Blaarjiim growls. A moment later, he sighs. "Earth is dead. Destroyed."

"What?!" My voice cracks. I nearly drop their orbs. "You're kidding!"

"I am not one to jest," Blaarjiim says dryly. "'Twas wiped out, long ago. The demons live here, now."

"Forget the demons for half a second! What happened to the humans? Am I the last one alive?"

Blaarjiim squirms. Hoarhiim jumps in to answer before his brother can reply. "No. Many still live. However, they have no sovereignty. The demons control the remnants of humanity quite efficiently. Humans are little more than cattle for demons to feed upon."

Silently, I stare ahead at the golden door. The skeletons continue to bang on it, but the other monsters have given up. Maybe they're waiting for me to emerge.

"Wow. I'm not in Kansas anymore."

Blaarjiim raises an eyebrow. "Hmm?"

"Nothing. It's a saying from where I was born. Anyway, I can't worry about the humans for now. I need to think about my needs first. My first goal is to get away from the skeletons and escape."

Blaarjiim immediately reverts to his former self now that the topic of Earth has passed. "Yes, yes. If you accept my power, you would be unstoppable. Combined with my brother's energy, you could tear those monsters outside to ribbons."

"I'd rather not." Pausing, I turn to Hoarhiim. "You said before that as long as I don't ask for Blaarjiim's power, I can't use it, but he can't hurt me either, right?"

Hoarhiim nods.

"Okay, then why can I use your power? I didn't ask for it."

"But you did, young human." Hoarhiim waggles a finger and begins pacing. "Your body seized with terror, and you grabbed hold of my orb, begging me to save you from the Shade. At that moment, your intent was clear, despite not vocalizing your desire."

"Um..." Discomfort sets in my joints. "Can I give back your power, then?"

"No," Hoarhiim replies flatly. "We are bound for life until one of us dies. Given your mortal body and all its frailties, I will be back on my pedestal soon enough."

"Don't get all choked up about it or anything," I quip.

Satisfied that the monsters aren't going to tear me apart in the immediate future, I turn around to examine the room.

Compared to the ornate fountain, the golden doors, and everything else I've seen so far, including the El-Dorado room, this chamber is barren. The walls, rocky and jagged, uneven, are not the same earthen texture as the rest of the Labyrinth. There aren't any visible decorations of any sort. However, something catches my eye.

To my surprise, besides the light Hoarhiim's glowing orb gives off, there's something else illuminating the room. With the door at my back, I take a few steps forward and gape. A faint bubble surrounds a platform raised a foot in the air. The platform leads to a chair- no, a _throne_. On the throne rests a skeleton adorned in shredded cloths, wearing a crown.

Hesitantly, I walk toward it. The energy bubble hums quietly but grows more audible as I stop in front of it. Drawing closer, I realize the light it's giving off is green. I didn't notice before since Hoarhiim's light is much brighter.

"Uh, Hoarhiim? What is this?"

Silence. For several moments, Hoarhiim strokes his chin. "I don't know."

Blaarjiim raises his hand and grins. "I'll tell you... if you accept my power."

"Pass."

His mischievous smiles vanishes, "Very well then, I'll tell you anyway. This is the resting place of a great Hero. A mighty King, if you will."

"Hero? King? Is he- err, was he human?"

"Yes. A powerful one, at that. Humans with supernatural abilities are scarce. Only one is born every generation, in fact."

"_Were_ born," Hoarhiim mutters. "Heroes are dead. Extinct, like the angels."

_Angels, huh?_ I make a mental note to ask Hoarhiim about them later. 

"What's with this bubble?" I reach forward and touch the energy field. A spark of electricity jumps to my finger before I can make contact, but I don't feel any pain.

A smirk appears on Blaarjiim's shadowy face. "It's a protective force field made of holy energy. Lethal to demons. Probably fatal to humans."

"Probably?"

"Probably."

Hoarhiim chuckles. "My brother loves the taste of fear. The more you squirm, the more you excite him. Worry not, mortal. Holy energy cannot harm a human."

_Good to know_, I think to myself.

For several moments, I pan my eyes up and down the skeleton on the throne. Who was he? Why did he die here, in this godforsaken Labyrinth? If he was a Hero, what did that mean for him? 

The faded purple rags adorning his body look like they might once have been robes, something a member of royalty would wear. Blaarjiim wasn't lying about this man's status, then. A crown on his head draws my attention. I'm not fond of gold, or jewelry, or anything of the sort, but something about this circular hunk of metal makes me giddy with excitement. 

Tentatively, I press my hand against the energy field. After a moment, a sensation like static electricity makes my hair stand on end, then _pop!_ The bubble explodes with a loud snap, vanishing into the aether. All at once, several things happen. Air rushes to the throne. The skeleton seems to sigh, then the bones fizzle away, turn into dust, and fall apart. With nothing to keep them up, the robes tumble forward, and the crown falls, bangs on the throne, and clatters to the ground, rolling behind me a few feet before coming to a stop.

The two orbs stay quiet for a moment. 

Hoarhiim pierces the silence. "You broke the seal."

Blaarjiim pales. "I expected many things to happen. That was not one of them."

Tentatively, I curl up my arm to hold both orbs, then lean down and use my newly freed hand to lift the crown off the ground.

Compared to how I would describe a crown, this one is plain. It doesn't have the spikes pointing upward as most crowns would, but instead is little more than a round band of gold, perhaps two inches tall. Different colored gems adorn the center, spiraling around the whole thing. As I hold it, a voice whispers to me, but fades away before I can interpret the words.

Hoarhiim leans forward in my mind's eye to examine the golden band. Blaarjiim follows suit a moment later.

"P-put it on," Blaarjiim says, though even he's more unsettled than usual.

"Alright," I croak.

Slowly, I raise it above my head, let it hover in the air a moment, then lower it.

Ten thousand voices scream out, all at once. Fire tears across my whole body.

The instant the crown touches my head, I lose motor control and flop to the ground, dropping Hoarhiim and Blaarjiim in the process. My eyes widen as hundreds of equations appear in front of me, followed by images of devices and machines I can barely fathom. 

More information than one man could comprehend enters my mind. For a moment, the realization that I now have more knowledge in my brain than the Libraries of Congress or Alexandria combined gives me a feeling of elation unlike any in my life before. _I'm a genius! I'm omnipotent!! I can build anything!!!_

And then, as quickly as it arrived, the mental overload fades away.

I understand, now. This crown didn't belong to any ordinary king; it belonged to the wisest man of all time. 

King Solomon.

It takes several moments, but eventually, the world forms around me once again. Hoarhiim's figure appears in my mind's eye. "Boy. Boy! What's wrong? What happened?"

Blaarjiim chuckles. "Don't you feel it, brother? His mind is swimming."

I clamber to my feet and shake the dizziness off. "I'm fine; I'm fine. The crown- it gave me visions."

"Visions?" Hoarhiim inquires. "What sort?"

"It..." I start to say something, but as I reach down to pick up the orbs, a fuzzy image materializes in front of me. Blinking, I straighten up and wave my hand in front of my face.

The image looks like a hologram. A series of lines, twisting and turning around each other, form a cube that expands until it takes up my entire field of vision, yet is still mostly transparent.

After a minute, I piece together what the image's contents mean. It's a map of the Labyrinth. A single red dot, smack in the middle, pulses softly, pulling my eyes to it. After a moment of staring, words appear above the dot.

_CURRENT POSITION._

The dot must be me. I blink a few times, and the map disappears.

Huh. A map of the Labyrinth. It must be my birthday.

Leaning down, I grab Hoarhiim and Blaarjiim. "You're not going to believe what this crown can do."

Blaarjiim appears in my mind, casually leaning against something unseen. "I very much doubt that."

"The crown can project a mental map of the Labyrinth into my mind. I see not only where I am, but also everything around me for miles on end."

Silently I ponder the greater significance of my discovery. Solomon was a king in the Bible, one whom God blessed with untold wisdom and riches. If this is his crown, then it must be worth a fortune. Even more impressive is the ability it grants me, along with the mental acuity to understand concepts and branches of science I knew nothing about before.

Could such an object exist in reality? Perhaps I did die in that cryopod. Maybe this is all a dream brought on by cryogenic sickness.

Hoarhiim taps his foot impatiently. "You keep stopping and starting. Explain to me what's going on."

And so I do. A few minutes later, Hoarhiim turns to his brother. "You knew of this?"

Blaarjiim sighs. "My lady held me in her hand for thousands of years, brother. I considered the many possibilities that lay beyond the Golden Doors, and given the writing on its surface, only a few seemed plausible."

"Writing?" Turning around, I walk over to the entrance, and it doesn't escape my notice that the monsters outside have stopped pounding on the door. I raise Hoarhiim's orb up to illuminate it, and spot ancient letters I didn't see earlier. Usually, I couldn't hope to read them, but thanks to the Crown, I can.

_TOMB OF THE KNOWLEDGE-SEEKER._

"Incredible," I murmur. 

A minute passes. Carvings of humans, animals, fearsome monsters, demons, and angels cover every last inch of the towering barrier. Depictions of ancient wars, the struggles of humanity, and an apocalyptic battle I can barely fathom litter its surface.

"Hoarhiim. Does God exist?"

The being of light rubs his arms. "He did, once. The Creator was the most powerful deity in the universe. Everything in existence is a result of his efforts."

"I see."

Thinking back on my life before I entered the Cryopod, I was never a particularly bright young man. My grades were a little above average, but nothing special. I neither failed nor excelled. Trying to apply myself to my studies only ever resulted in burnout.

This crown... what would my life have been like had I possessed it sooner? I can see things in the world around me that I never noticed before. It's as if a veil has been lifted from my eyes, allowing me to examine everything in a new light.

Cricking my neck, I chuckle. "Heh, Hoarhiim, you saucy devil. Those monsters outside aren't a problem. But then, you already knew that, didn't you?"

The bright orb returns the laugh. "Haha, right you are, Jason. The crown has changed you. Do you sense my energy within you?"

I glance down at his orb. While it is stupefyingly bright, it no longer hurts my eyes as it did before. Now I can see a vague glow that envelops my body, right up to the point where Blaarjiim rests in my hand. He appears to swallow up some of his brother's energy.

My cracked lips beg for a reprieve. I lick them slowly. "I thought I was trapped in here, but that isn't the case at all, is it? Let's take the fun way out."

Blaarjiim shivers. "Oooh, exciting. I wonder what you're planning, mortal."

My smile falters.

"P-planning?"