Part 648: Fallen Empire
Part 648: Fallen Empire

_Far-Future Era. Day 2, AJR._

The shuttle traveled for a full hour, moving much slower than usual due to high atmospheric traffic. As the three Dolgrimites made their pilgrimage to the Founder's Fingers, Cinculu occasionally ordered the pilot to make small detours. He did this so he could observe the destruction caused by Mephisto with his own eyes. Holo-recordings disgusted Cinculu. He knew he could only trust the Truths of reality if they had not been distorted by the false gods of technology.

Countless stratoscrapers lay in ruins. Fire burned across tens of thousands of acres, beneath billions of tons of exosteel and spatial glass. These stratoscrapers were made with construction knowledge built up over millions of Volgrim cycles. They were extremely durable, constructed to survive Category 11 planetquakes (not that Volgarius ever had those), and even an atomic detonation wouldn't cause them to collapse, only to destroy their softer internal areas and the Sentients contained within.

Yet, within only a few minutes of rampaging, Mephisto caused this much devastation. The power of even a pitiful bottom level Cosmic could not be underestimated. No mere Demon Emperor would be able to wreak so much havoc in so short a time.

Cinculu stared out the window silently. He and his brothers witnessed the destruction with dark expressions.

"Such loss is always sad." Virile said, his aged eyes looking down upon the ruined buildings with melancholic fervor. "You must pity the metal-dwellers. They place so much faith in the falseness of their technology, that they are blinded to its inadequacies. Their soft bodies, weak to the desires of comfort and convenience, make them susceptible to the corrupting whispers of steel."

"It is not their fault." Cinculu affirmed. "Though they are heretics who have committed sacrilege against their true god, they are victims of Unarin's manipulation. He has placed himself at the top of the hierarchy, believing himself to be the savior of our people. Yet because of his actions, the Plague has brought ruin to the galaxy."

Ravagil growled sinisterly within the depths of his throat. "These slaves to metal will soon remember who their god is... or they will die gnashing their teeth while begging Dolgris for mercy."

The pilot of the shuttle, a low-ranking Technopath, wisely kept his mouth shut and eyes forward. He feared that whatever he was overhearing might lead to his death if he leaked even a single word! No matter how loyal he might be to the Founders, these Dolgrimites were mean, massive, and terrifying! They could rip him apart and eat the skin off his bones!

What he did not know was that the Dolgrimites simply did not care if he overheard. They knew that Unarin was aware of their distaste for the Council. Unarin was no fool, and he had long been aware of the Dolgrimites' hatred for those they deemed the 'metal-born'. But he never felt he had anything to worry about, so long as the Psions reigned over his Empire.

What good would Dolgrimites be when Psions could bombard and destroy planets from space? They were no threat at all. Better to let them grumble and whine in the sanctuaries of their halls rather than give them more attention than they deserved.

But that was then, and this was now.

With the Psions dead, Unarin was sure to be sweating as he realized those supposed religious nutjobs were now coming toward him with hostile intent!

Cinculu grinned as he thought of this. His earlier humiliation in the tactical exercise had already started to fade from his memory. Just because the metal-lovers managed to trick him with their heretic sorcery, that did not mean his instincts were inferior. The heretics could not be trusted!

The shuttle flew toward the Founder's Thumb and docked inside its hangar. The Dolgrimites strode down the landing ramp with Cinculu in the lead, his back upright and a haughty air about him.

At the bottom of the ramp, a familiar figure stood.

"Fifth Founder. Greetings."

"Ah, Lady Muuxunuu." Cinculu said, smiling politely at the pink-skinned Ascended before him. "No Unarin?"

"The other Founders have already assembled in the Founder's Soul." Muuxunuu explained emotionlessly. "They are waiting on you."

Cinculu smirked. "Good. Better than me having to wait on them."

Muuxunuu looked at the other two Dolgrimites behind him, but said nothing. Wordlessly, she turned around and gracefully began walking out of the hangar, leading them deeper into the Founder's Thumb.

The first thing Cinculu noticed was how different the atmosphere of Volgarius felt. Because Psions always radiated a faint level of power, their emotions and suspicions could cause non-Psions to feel uneasy; like they were being watched. This was often more true than not. Especially inside the Founder's Thumb, where Dosena's presence could always be felt.

But this time was different. That omnipresent feeling of being watched seemed to have completely disappeared. Realizing this emboldened Cinculu even more. Clearly, the rumors were true, and Dosena was in no condition to use her powers.

The Volgrim Empire was weak. It was ripe for the taking...

Muuxunuu directed the Dolgrimites to the entryway leading into the Founder's Soul. This was a special chamber used when the Founders convened, and it only had five seats inside.

Before Muuxunuu opened the door, Cinculu smiled at her from behind. "My brothers will be joining me today. I hope that isn't a problem."

"No. It is not." Muuxunuu replied. "Founder Unarin already anticipated this would be the case. He has provided additional seating."

Cinculu blinked. He didn't have a response.

He couldn't believe it. How would Unarin possibly know he planned to bring Virile and Ravagil with him into the Founder's Soul? Surely, he would have expected them to stand guard outside? Cinculu had never done such a thing since the Founders had first assembled!

He grimaced. Obviously, Unarin was playing with him. Toying with his mind. That damned bastard, he might be weak and reliant on his Psion underlings to do the dirty work, but his predictive capabilities were the real deal.

Muuxunuu pushed the door open, revealing the other Four Founders within.

At an ornate pentagonal stone table, instead of five chairs, there sat seven. Each of the table's five sides had only one seat, except for the side nearest the door, where there were three. The seats were jammed rather uncomfortably close together, making it so if the Dolgrimites chose to sat down together, they would literally be rubbing elbows, and would probably appear more silly than intimidating.

Cinculu's eyes flickered slightly as he instantly noticed this fact. Unarin was toying with him again, all to throw him off-balance!

Then Cinculu looked around the table. At the opposite side, Founders Unarin and Dosena sat, while on their right and left, Founders Treyza the Changeling and Cuanali the Technopath sat. The four of them stared silently at Cinculu as he paused in the doorway for half a step.

Cinculu's gaze flickered to Dosena. She appeared healthy and vibrant, but he couldn't feel her psionic senses sweeping over him in that creepy and invasive way she always did. In fact, she was only using her eyes! Like a common peasant! Certainly a bizarre thing for her to do, and likely only happening because of her current weakness.

"Cinculu." Unarin said, after a few moments of silence. "So nice of you to finally join us. I started to wonder if you'd show."

The Fifth Founder smiled, but his expression lacked sincerity.

"Apologies. I ended up sightseeing for a bit, looking upon the destruction wrought by that demon dragon. Today was not a good day for you."

Unarin slowly blinked. "It is not a good day for the _Empire_, dear Cinculu. Now, if you and your brothers would take your seats, we can begin discussing the steps we need to take to prepare our final stand."

Muuxunuu stepped outside and closed the door, but Cinculu shook his head at Virile and Ravagil. "You will stand behind me."

"Yes, Fifth Founder." Virile said.

He and Ravagil pulled their chairs away and lined them behind the wall, then stood beside Cinculu as he took his usual seat. They both clasped their claws in front of their waists and stood there looking as intimidating as they could. The other Founders didn't seem to notice.

"Dosena." Cinculu said, turning his attention to her. "Are you feeling well?"

Dosena simply looked at Cinculu and blinked her eyes. She didn't say a word.

"The Second Founder has temporarily lost control over all her psionic abilities." Unarin explained. "She cannot even use telepathy to communicate with us."

"Oh. That is unfortunate." Cinculu said, a hint of false concern buried in his tone. "Such a shame, Dosena. You're always such a delight to converse with."

Once again, Dosena merely stared at him, slowly blinking her eyes as if she did not suffer from a telepathic block, but instead did not deign to respond. Just by looking at her, it was obvious she found his presence grating.

Founder Treyza, ever the diplomat, lifted its hand from its chest and motioned into the air before itself. "Cinculu, this one is pleased you made time to attend. This one would have felt dismay if you were not present for the proceedings."

Unlike the other Founders, Cinculu didn't mind Treyza's presence. The Changelings might engage in twisted science and experiments, but they were not augmented like the Technopaths, nor wielders of psionics, nor the haughty and proud entities who named themselves 'Ascended' in their arrogance. Changelings were the most benign and neutral of the five Volgrim sub-species. As such, they generally got along well with everyone.

Cinculu smiled at Treyza. "How could I let you down? Of course I had to attend. This is a historical day for the Volgrim, after all."

"'Historical' is not the word I would use." Unarin retorted, his voice gruff. "Tragic, perhaps. Disastrous would be even more apt."

After a brief pause, Unarin waved his hand toward the center of the table, and a holographic map of the Milky Way materialized, zooming in to the local sectors.

"Due to Creator Demila's betrayal, the Psion Army has lost 99% of its fighting power. Nearly every Psion, especially those above the 2nd Level, have been debilitated and had their power drained, leaving them at the rank of Initiator. I need not spell out how long it will take to rebuild our army. As you can imagine, we simply will not be able to. We need time, and time is what we lack."

He paused before adding, "Thus, we must execute the Dying Light Initiative."

The other Founders remained silent. An ominous air filled the room as Treyza and Cuanali looked back and forth between Unarin and Dosena, and Founder Cinculu.

"Have we truly given up all hope?" Cuanali asked. Her body, more machine than biology, was the antithesis of Cinculu's beliefs. Of all the Founders, Cinculu detested her existence the most.

"This galaxy is already lost." Unarin declared. "The only options we have left are to reactivate the Sentinels, or to begin full-scale planetary evacuations."

Treyza's face remained expressionless. "Evacuations will preserve less than one percent of the Volgrim population. The rest will be left to fend for themselves."

"They will be left to die." Cinculu growled. "So that's it, then? That's why you called everyone here, Unarin? To declare that we've lost the war, give up, and run away with your tail tucked between your legs?"

"The Dolgrimites have the most to lose." Unarin said smoothly. "Unlike the rest of us, you have only ever populated the original homeworld. You have given up chance after chance to extend your reach. That means you are balancing on the edge of a knife. If the Plague attacks Grimvolas, your species will be wiped out. As such, I am prepared to evacuate at least half of your planet's populace, perhaps even more if we can spare the ships."

Ravagil smirked at Unarin. He turned his head slyly and growled at his brother. "Hehe. You hear that, Virile? The First Founder says we're helpless against the Plague. My claws are _trembling_ with fear."

Unarin sighed. "I know that you have faith in your... god... but this faith is misplaced. There are no Psions capable of protecting you. Across the entirety of the Volgrim Empire, there are less than a thousand Psions possessing power above the 4th Level. Most of them were Psions who died in battle and revived, moving their True Souls to their new bodies until the rehabilitation period concluded. They are in no condition to fight. Once the Kolvax-Psions arrive, your world will fall in less than a day."

Unarin spread out his hands. "If I am wrong and the Dolgrimites have some secret means of fighting back, this is your last chance to use it. I do not wish to reactivate the Sentinels, so evacuation is the only means we have left to preserve our key leaders and geniuses and rebuild anew in another galaxy."

"Hahaha!" Cinculu laughed, slamming his meaty fist onto the table. "Another galaxy! Oh, Unarin, you are a riot! You know as well as I that there exists no such galaxy free for the taking. If we cannot preserve this one with all the volpower at our disposal, then how can we possibly wrest away control of another galaxy with a fraction of our forces?"

"Admittedly, it is a long shot." Unarin replied, lowering his eyes. "We will need to bide our time until Dosena recovers. We will also need to nurture the few remaining Psions who did not have their powers drained. Confessor Vulpanix, for example, remains among the high-rankers. She is a promising seed, perhaps even on par with Executor Nufaris in terms of future potential. She was fortunate enough to have recently perished in battle and had her True Soul placed inside a new vessel. It won't be long before she regains her full strength."

"One 7th Level Psion. Well, I guess we're saved then!" Cinculu laughed, ridiculing Unarin's words. "Truly, you have fallen to the most desperate of measures!"

Unarin did not take Cinculu's bait. The Fifth Founder's attempts to rile up Unarin's emotions failed. He remained as steadfast as ever.

"Are you done?" Unarin asked. "Once again, this is your last chance, Cinculu. If you truly do have a 'god' who can protect you, now is the time to speak up."

Cinculu's mocking smile disappeared. He and Unarin stared at one another for several long, uncomfortable seconds.

_How much does he know?_ Cinculu secretly wondered. _This is the second time he's asked such a leading question. Has he known all along? Impossible. He would have taken us much more seriously if that were the case. He must be desperately hoping we're not full of dung-droppings._

Cinculu smiled once again.

_Fortunately for him, we're not. But unfortunately, salvation will not come without its own price..._

Instead of directly answering Unarin's question, Cinculu looked up at the holographic map of the galaxy above the table. He glanced around it for a moment, noting the familiar star systems.

"What planets are currently being ravaged by the Plague?"

Unarin's eyes flickered for a moment, as if uncertain about something.

"...There are 1,042 star systems currently under attack." Unarin said, after a moment's deliberation.

"That many? Hehe, the situation is certainly dire, indeed." Cinculu snickered.

"This is no laughing matter." Cuanali stated, turning her cold, robotic eyes to glower at him. "Do you find the suffering of your Volgrimkin amusing?"

"They are not my kin. They are heretics bound to the false gods of metal." Cinculu responded nastily, glaring back at Cuanali. He returned his gaze to Unarin. "Show me all the worlds currently under attack."

Unarin nodded. He motioned with his hand, and more than a thousand red dots appeared in the air above them. After a few moments, Cinculu pointed at one of them.

"I know this one. XR-Zanovra. What is its status?"

Unarin immediately called up the planet's information. It turned out to be a watery world 85% covered in ocean, with floating sky-islands suspended in midair through various technological processes. Supposing the Plague did not deliberately destroy them, they would likely remain aloft for a few hundred years before falling into the oceans due to a lack of maintenance. If the Plague _did_ destroy their internal areas, then they would obviously fall much sooner.

"A Class C planet suitable for farming aquatic biological matter necessary for nutrient supplements." Unarin stated. "It is currently 35% devoured by the Plague and will collapse by the day's end. Is there a reason you've changed the subject?"

Cinculu looked at Unarin and smiled. He crossed his arms over his chest. "Contact Matriarch Gorzana. Tell her to connect Grimvolas's Warpgate to the one on XR-Zanovra."

For a moment, the table fell silent.

Founder Cuanali squinted her eyes at Cinculu. "Fifth Founder. Have you lost your mind?"

"Are you unwell?" Founder Treyza asked, his voice taking on a tone of concern. "If you are experiencing suicidal ideations, this one may be able to offer its assistance. There is no need to destroy Grimvolas just to make a point."

"They're right." Unarin said, narrowing his eyes. A hint of disbelief could be seen in them. He had clearly not expected this. "I don't know what you're even thinking, Cinculu, but Kolvaxxed worlds must never activate their warpgates. It could expose their corruption to the world they connect to. If just one Plaguehost makes to to Grimvolas-"

"Quiet." Cinculu said, staring with cold eyes at the First Founder. "You talk too much. Do you think I am stupid? I already know the risks. Those risks do not exist to ones who truly believe in the power of Dolgris. If you wish to witness salvation, you must take a leap of faith. Now... transmit the order to my Matriarch. She already knew this would happen."

Unarin lowered his eyes. He fell into thought as he quickly assessed what was likely to happen. Clearly, Cinculu was angling for something. But what could it be? Did he actually think he could stand up to the power of the new Kolvaxors? Impossible. Even if this 'Dolgris' was something along the lines of what Unarin assumed, the swarm of Kolvaxians would eventually overpower all. The Middle Cosmic Plaguehosts alone...

Unarin stroked his chin for several seconds before finally closing his eyes.

"Cinculu. If this is an attempt to make me flinch, you have succeeded. Do not place your people in unnecessary harm just to make a point."

"Do it already. The followers of Dolgris know no fear!" Cinculu shouted. "Soon, all of your eyes will be opened. You will know that there are still Truths you have been blind to due to your reliance on heresy!"

Unarin sighed. He realized he wasn't going to win this argument, and at this point... he couldn't help but wonder if there was more than bravado behind Cinculu's words.

"Alright. One moment." Unarin said. "I hope your 'god' can produce a miracle."

He pulled out a transmission device and sent a message to his brother, Randis. Randis in turn relayed that message across the galaxy through quantum entanglement, where it fell upon the ears of the Dolgrimite's Matriarch.

Gorzana stood with fifty other Dolgrimites. When the words passed to her, she grinned, revealing her shiny white teeth.

"XR-Zanovra? A world of water. Good. This will be the perfect staging ground. Activate the warpgate!"

Several minutes passed as the Dolgrimites who had been trained to manage the Warpgate's technology quickly and efficiently keyed in thousands of coordinate calculations. After adjusting for gravitic fluctuations, spatial movement, quantum deviations, and many other interstellar phenomena, they opened the portal.

The world on the other side seemed normal, based purely on what they could see. But distant plumes of dark black smoke rose into the sky. The world seemed to be burning...

"Go!" Gorzana roared. "Move forth and show these nonbelievers the POWER of Dolgris! Enlighten these atheists with the power of our heritage!"

The fifty Dolgrimites roared furiously. They charged into the portal, while Gorzana remained behind. She gazed into the portal, not even bothering to close it in case a Kolvaxian tried to pass through.

"Hehe... try if you like. Don't be shy. _I'll only bite._" Gorzana said, her pupils dilating in hunger.

The next phase of the Kolvaxian War had begun.

**[Next Part](https://reddit.com/r/TheCryopodToHell/comments/1l41dad/the_cryopod_to_hell_649_dolgris_guides_us/)**