Dozens of demons walk around us in the entrance to Hell Harbor. Several Barons line up, ready to fight against that evil woman, the Archangel Uriel, but there's a feeling of dread in the air. Everyone is on edge.

I poke the big demon beside me. "Mister Bael, sir? Why are we waiting?"

It takes him a moment to look down at me. "Oh. Sorry, cutie, but we can't. Not till Ose 'n Belial get here."

"But Mister Beelzebub went in there all alone! We have to hurry and help him!"

Mephisto slithers over to me. His bony fingers stretch out and rest on my shoulder. "Beelzebub isss a fool for going againssst the Archangel alone. Our oddsss of defeating Uriel with all the Dukesss and Emperorsss is assstoundingly low. The leassst effective method of defeating her isss to fight her all by ourssselvesss."

Bael rolls his eyes. "Yeah, well, things would be different if the boss were here. He knocked her out with one punch last time they tussled. Without him, looks like I'll hafta do the heavy lifting. If Beelzebub runs out and gets 'imself killed, it proves he's thicker than me."

"What?! No way! Mister Beelzebub can't die! He can regenerate from anything! You crushed his head into pieces, and he still came back!"

"Yeah. Maybe that's true. But I didn't have Holy Energy. Uriel does. No tellin' what that'll do to 'im."

"Holy Energy? What's that...?"

Mephisto rubs his bony fingers together. His voice hisses like ice. "A corrosssive power usssed by the angelsss. Pray it never ssstrikesss you. It will melt the flesssh from your bonesss and cripple your nervousss system. Your pain will be endlesss until the moment you expire."

"Oh... okay."

I start pacing back and forth. Dozens of thoughts swirl in my head. _Geez! How can anyone say Mister Beelzebub died? He's fine! I bet he beat that angel all by himself! He's strong, and good-looking, and smart, and cunning, and good-looking, and wise... he can take out an Archangel by himself! Sure he can! He even beat that stupid human and made it look easy! Mister Beelzebub is amaz-_

_Whoomph._ 

A rushing of air catches my attention. I turn to the middle of the building's floor and stare at a portal that's appeared. To my surprise, there's a human standing on the other side. I immediately recognize him as the Hero who fought and defeated Beelzebub only a few months ago.

Suddenly, a massive red and white-skinned figure leaps out of the portal and rises to his full height. My eyes widen in horror. 

"I-it's Mister Barbatos! I mean, Uriel!"

Several demons nearby leap away in fear. Two winged angels spring out beside her, and the portal closes a moment later. Bael and Mephisto turn to look, only to immediately jump into a defensive position.

"Shit! She made it inside?! What scum-sucking turncoat gave her the key to Hell Harbor?!"

Mephisto yanks out a translucent dagger. "That doesssn't matter! Everyone, get ready! We mussst-"

Before Mephisto can finish speaking, one of the two angels next to Uriel leaps into the air. Its face changes into a hollow hole, and an instant later, bolts of light shoot out, lasering through the heads of several nearby demons. I stumble back in surprise and scramble to get away, as the sounds of chaos erupt around me. Several Barons fall to the ground, dead, in a matter of seconds.

"Rosalia! Get out of here!" Bael bellows. He uncoils a massive chain from around his body and flings it at the angel in the air. I rush to the exit, only for a bigger demon to smash into me and knock me to the side. He tears out the door, screaming in terror, as do several monsters and other creatures.

"Graaah!" Bael jumps at the Archangel and swings his giant flail down. Uriel dodges it, moving too fast for my eyes to follow. The spiked-ball slams into the ground, rattling the building and sending a shockwave throughout its foundations. Tiles fall from the ceiling and crash against the floor, exploding into dust on arrival.

The Archangel laughs wickedly, her voice identical to Mister Barbatos's. "Bahaha! Puny little demons! Tremble before the might of Heaven! Bow before the Creator's judgment!"

"Screw that!" Bael howls. He yanks on his flail's chain and swings it in a wide arc. It passes through Mephisto harmlessly and impacts the Archangel, but stops short upon hitting an invisible barrier. Shockwaves from the impact ripple outward, rattling my teeth and chest. I climb to my feet and toward the exit, but pause and linger outside the door to watch.

"Thou art merely delaying thy death," The Archangel says. "Move with haste and join thy comrade in death's embrace! Today is the day thy filth vanishes from the universe!"

"My comrade?" Bael pauses. He narrows his eyes. "Beelzebub? What did you do to him?!"

An evil look appears in Uriel's eyes. "_Nothing._ The buffoon blew himself up. My body remained unharmed, rendering his trump card worthless!"

"Even for Beelzebub, that's reckless. Damn him." Bael yanks his flail back and catches it in his hand. "You're many things, but a liar ain't one."

"Angels are the agents of perfection, justice, and cleansing," Uriel says, raising one of her two spears of light. "When I make a promise, I keep it. Dost thee remember my words when last I appeared, Bael?"

The Duke of Pain slowly starts to spin his flail around. "How could I forget? You went out screaming like a little bitch. _'I'll return and kill all of you! Nyeh nyeh nyeh.'_ You've got a way with words."

The weapon picks up speed in his hand, creating a vortex. The wind slowly rotates around the room at first, but rapidly transforms into a hurricane engulfing the entire building. Chunks of the roof tear off and enter the makeshift tornado, turning into battering rams as they careen around the portal facility and smash against the walls.

Uriel narrows her eyes. "Pah. Dost thee intend to blow me away? A stiff breeze will do nothing against the might of the Archangel of Retribution!"

I glance toward Mephisto, only to realize he's disappeared. A moment later, Uriel shrieks in pain and swats at her back. Mephisto hops away, clutching his transparent knife. He glowers at her. "Now!"

Bael releases his flail. It flies at the Archangel like a mudshark rushing toward its prey. Uriel barely has a moment to glance at its spiked head before it smashes into her face and pounds her through the building's wall. The shock from the impact blasts the portal facility to smithereens, sending debris flying in every direction. I go flying, unable to grab onto something to save myself.

_Crack._

I hit the ground violently, and the world turns dark.

...

_Aaaoo... My head hurts._

 A few moments pass as I get my bearings. The sounds of a terrific battle not far away make me look toward where the Harbor Annex used to stand. Only a few pieces of metal, tiling, and wood remain, along with the heavily reinforced warp-gates in a semi-circle.

Blood pours from wounds at Uriel's sides. Several undead creatures leap at the Archangel and her two faceless angels. She spins and twirls her spears around, eviscerating them three at a time like an expert in undead butchery. Mephisto hovers in the air twenty feet above, weaving sign after sign frantically.

While Bael rushes the Archangel and slams against her barriers over and over, ravenous creatures leap from the ground and tear at Uriel with huge claws. They look like a cross between hellhounds and demons, but undead. I don't know what they are. I've never seen them before!

"These abominations stand no chance against the Creator's might!" Uriel laughs. She stabs one of the monsters through its head and flings it into the air toward Mephisto. It passes through him harmlessly, but he still pauses his hand motions for a moment and shakes his head. 

"Your ssslaughter of my people endsss here, you winged hag!" Mephisto yells.

"Gahhh!!" Bael stumbles back as one of Uriel's constructs hits him in the face with its shield, then stabs him with a sword of light through his stomach. The faceless angel wrenches its weapon in the Duke's chest, drawing blood. Bael swats its head and pounds it to pieces with a single blow, but Uriel reforms it a moment later with her magic.

The Duke of Pain takes a moment to recover and clutches his wound. "Give us back Barbatos, you dirty pig!"

"I'd sooner die," The Archangel replies coldly. She claps her hands together, and a gust of wind explodes from her skin, blowing away Bael and all of Mephisto's undead creatures. Before anyone can recover, she weaves several signs, summoning two new constructs in the mayhem. One of them is shaped like a cube, while the other is an orb of light with energy spinning around it.

The cube rapidly begins to spin and swirl in random directions. My body increases in weight, and I slam to my knees. A moment later, all my strength gives out, and I fall flat on my face. The force of a building presses against my back, threatening to turn me into a puddle of blood.

I can barely see what's happening. Out of the corner of my eye, I spot the orb trembling. A hail of fireballs blasts out of it, flies up into the sky, and slams into the ground, exploding like bombs and pulverizing dirt into mulch.

Bael howls in pain. "Aaaugh!" 

I twitch my head just enough to spot him lying in a pool of blood. The fire scorches the ground but doesn't appear to burn him. 

What happened?!

After a moment, the Duke of Pain jumps to his feet. He slips in the mud and nearly falls, but manages to keep it together. How he's able to stand escapes me. I'm going to turn into mush in seconds. Everything hurts!!

He inhales, and strength returns to his body. "Alright. I've had it. Enough is enough. I ain't holding back anymore."

.......................................................

[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9GaIbECisQ)

Bael's bones begin to morph and shift. His horns increase in length and bend around to face forward like two spears of bone. His muscles triple in size, as does the rest of his body. His back splits apart, allowing scorching flames to pour from the gap.

Every second that passes increases the strain on my delicate feminine frame. My vision starts to darken. The stress on my brain... is... too much.

Suddenly, the pressure vanishes. I take a breath reflexively and wince in pain from all my fractured ribs. 

A monstrous howl makes me flinch in fright. "**GROOOOAR!!**"

I jump to my feet and hide behind a pillar. Bael stands fifteen feet tall now and towers over the tiny little Archangel. She looks like an imp compared to his monstrous size. Black wings sprout from his back, and fire engulfs his skin.

"The Balrog form? Haha... Thou art desperate, little Duke." 

Uriel jumps back and forms a barrier barely in the nick of time. Bael bangs his fist against her invisible wall with ten times the power from before. Her constructs go flying from the force of the impact, and the wall shatters into a thousand fragments. He snatches his flail and swings it so fast I can't even see it move. It smashes against the Archangel and sends her sprawling across the ground. She rolls and flips through the dirt, yet somehow leaps into a standing position and lands unharmed.

Uriel's four summoned creations try to reform, but Bael is too fast. He leaps at the cube and crushes it in his giant palm. "PUNY LITTLE ANGELS! DIE! DIE! CRUSH TO DUST!!"

Uriel's smarmy attitude vanishes. "What in Heaven's name?!" She forms another barrier, but Bael tears through it like it's made of paper. He grabs the Archangel and slams her into the ground over and over, treating her like a wet rag that needs the water beaten out of it. Uriel tries to break free of the Balrog's grasp, but his grip proves inescapable.

One of her angels opens its face and fires bolts of Holy Energy at the rampaging monster. Bael ignores the construct as if it isn't even there. He continues slamming the Archangel against the ground without stopping. "POUND! POUND! DIE! DIE!"

Mephisto watches from the air. Despite Bael's onslaught, Mephisto's expression turns grim. "Bael! You mussst control yourssself! Don't lossse yourssself to rage!"

"SHUT UP! STUPID GHOST! USELESS IDIOT! GROOOARR!!" Bael opens his mouth and blasts a wave of heat at the Duke of Mist. Mephisto flinches, and to my shock, the fire scorches his bones and burns away the rags covering his body. Mephisto falls and hits the ground with a sickening _crunch_.

_I thought nobody could hurt Mephisto! How did Bael-?!_

The Balrog continues to pound and smash the Archangel. He eventually holds her up, inhales, and unleashes a massive wave of fire upon her unmoving form.

Uriel doesn't scream. She hangs limply in the monster's grasp as the flames engulf her.

A moment later, Bael grows bored of his unmoving prey. He drops Uriel, then turns his attention to her three remaining constructs. A few seconds later, they explode into fragments as he tears them apart.

My heart trembles. _W-we did it! We won! But... why is there this sickening feeling in my stomach?_

Immediately, I realize why. Bael aims his head at a village barely visible in the distance and inhales deeply. He spits a ball of flame as big as his head toward the local settlement, decimating several structures in the area and killing Devil knows how many demons and humans. 

He's a loose cannon!

I quickly run over, terror in my heart. "Mister Bael! You have to stop! Don't attack other demons!"

Bael whirls around to roar at me. "TINY WOMAN! YOU NO SCARE ME!"

He inhales again. I jump to the side and roll, then run as fast as I can, circling the Balrog. Bael unleashes a wave of fire, spinning to face me as he tries to cook me to a crisp. I roll underneath him and dive into a crater, making myself as small as possible.

The sounds of Bael's flames cease. "WHERE GO?! YOU HIDE, ME FIND!"

After a moment, the Balrog gives up. He forgets about me entirely and turns his attention to the Archangel again. I peek over the crater and watch as he picks her up by the head. "NOT SO BIG NOW! WEAK ANGEL! PATHETIC!"

Uriel coughs. "B-Bael... it's me... Barbatos. You did it... you beat her. You won. I'm back."

Bael narrows his eyes. "BARBATOS? THAT YOU?"

"Yes... you won. You can... revert now..."

"No! Bael!" Mephisto jumps to his feet. His entire body is only a skeleton without any clothes to cover him. "It'sss a trick! Don't fall for it!"

Bael turns and glowers at the Duke of Mist. "YOU SHUT UP! ME NO LIKE YOU! LITTLE BONEY MAN!"

Uriel's armor, what little she wears, has melted to slag on her hands and feet. I can barely make out a smile underneath her melted helmet. "Bael, Mephisto is your enemy. You have to fight him..."

"FIGHT? BONEY?"

"Yes. Fight Boney. He... he thinks thy demonhood is tiny."

"WHAT?! THAT BASTARD!" Bael flings Uriel against the ground. Several of her bones snap, but she doesn't try to retaliate. Instead, she watches as Bael turns his attention toward the Duke of Mist. "I NEVER LIKED YOU! LITTLE RUNT! NOT FIT TO BE DUKE!"

Mephisto shakes his head. "Oh, for devil'sss sssake..."

The Balrog leaps away from Uriel and slams his fist into the dirt where Mephisto stands. Before he can land his punch, the aetherial Duke floats underground, leaving the Balrog to tear the soil apart while he searches for his prey.

While both Dukes battle, all I can do is hang back and stare in horror. 

I can't help.

I'm too weak.

Mister Beelzebub always said so. He called me useless. He called me ugly.

He didn't mean that, did he? Am I useless? I can't walk ten feet without tripping. I can't muster anything beyond the weakest healing magic. 

Mister Beelzebub was right. I'm incompetent. All I can do is watch while the remainder of the Council battles against an ancient Goddess for our right to survive.

What purpose do I serve anymore? Without Mister Beelzebub... I'm nothing.

Why? Why did he have to die?

No. That's not right. Uriel said he blew himself up. He must have detonated every cell in his body. He did it, hoping to kill her. It was a brave sacrifice. I know Mister Beelzebub. He would never allow this Archangel to beat him. No matter what, he'd stand up for himself and put his pride on the line.

I cautiously rise to my feet and peer over the crater's edge. Uriel weaves water around herself. Her bloody wounds and broken bones quickly mend. It doesn't take long before she finishes healing herself and cracks her neck. Bael continues to pound and tear at the ground while trying to get to Mephisto. He doesn't see her weaving hand signs again.

She's going to attack him!

I quickly jump over the edge, run up to the massive demon-angel hybrid, and leap at her back.

Something hits me. I don't know what, but it hurts. My vision turns spotty. I hit the dirt, hard.

A voice speaks. "Cannon fodder. How bold for a bloodskin as weak as thee to enter this battlefield. Allow me to grant ye a quick death!"

I open my eyes and blink back tears. Ice rips through my veins as I spot Uriel standing over me, her palm aimed at my face. A ball of light forms in her grasp. "If only thou had fled with the rest of the vermin, ye might have survived today's battle. Now, thou shalt die."

I can't move. I'm scared! Oh devils, what have I done?!

My body shakes uncontrollably. The Archangel smiles. Her blood-red eyes stare into my soul.

Suddenly, Bael appears. He grabs the Archangel and crushes her in his grip, then flings her away, out toward the sea. I follow her with my eyes until she impacts the water. A small tidal wave rushes toward the coast and splashes against the seawall.

The Balrog stares toward the ocean. "That won't be enough to end Uriel's rampage — still, thanks for the distraction. I needed the Archangel to take her eyes off Bael for a moment. You saved me the trouble." 

Bael's gravelly voice sounds far more composed than usual.

What the heck?!

"Bael? Is that you?"

He glances down at me. "No. I'm currently possessing the Duke's body. I thought it would be a good way to surprise the Archangel. Luckily, his intelligence drops to negative-three in his Balrog form, so possessing him becomes a simple matter."

"Possessing him? Who are you? Why are you controlling Mister Bael?"

Bael sighs. "I'm Ose. The new Third Emperor. Controlling my subjects is my right, don't you know? Mephisto! Come out!"

Mephisto peeps out of the ground. "Bael?"

"No. Ose. I'm manipulating the dumb one's mind. My physical form is on that mountaintop over there, about fifteen miles away." Ose swings Bael's huge arm to point off in the distance opposite the ocean.

"Oh. Wonderful. Ssso glad you could join usss. What took you ssso long?!"

"The messenger only told me to meet up at Hell Harbor five minutes ago. Luckily, I can travel quickly anywhere I please. Oh. She's back." 

A massive wall of water rushes at us. I shriek in fright, but Ose slaps Bael's hands together, summoning a shockwave to slice the miniature tsunami in half. It washes against the ground to either side of us harmlessly.

Uriel flies out of the gap and hits the ground with a _WHUMP_, sending mud flying. "Deceitful backstabber! How in character for thee to attack me from behind!"

Ose cocks Bael's head. "Oh, sorry. Did I hurt you? Perhaps I should have been more gentle. I'll take your feelings into consideration next time."

The Archangel pauses. "Hm? Who art thou? Certainly not Bael. He's hardly eloquent."

"For the third time, I'm Ose. The new Third Emperor. Soon to be First, after I smear you across the dirt."

"Ose?" Uriel glowers at Mephisto and me. "I see. Thou art controlling Bael."

"Wow. Give this angel a cookie. She pieced it together." Ose claps Bael's palms together slowly. "Bravo. Bravo."

"One Emperor won't change anything. Show thy face, coward."

"I'm not a coward. I'm brilliant. Much smarter than the rest of the rabble." Ose points at her chest. "Bael's transformation gives great power at the cost of intelligence, but by controlling his body, I transform him into an unstoppable juggernaut. It's hardly cowardice to use the best tools at hand."

Uriel motions with her hands. Two spears of light form in her grasp while her four constructs rematerialize. "Thy confidence appears impregnable. However, bloodskin Emperors always think themselves undefeatable. Belial lost to me. Thou shalt, as well."

"I don't think so," Ose says. "You were barely holding on before. No matter how strong you pretend to be, you won't beat my genius. I've planned your defeat ever since the last time I saw you fight."

"Enough talk." Uriel flicks her eyes, and metal from the Annex rushes over to her and encases her body in makeshift armor. "I hate chatting with bloodskins."

"It must kill you to live in the mind of one."

"Damn right!" Uriel swings her spear at the Balrog, and a gust of wind flies out, barely knocking him back an inch. "It's my definition of HELL!!"