Bael slapped his belly. "Come on, Grigori! What's the holdup? I ain't got all day."

Beelzebub, Rosalia, Mephisto, and Bael all waited impatiently while Diablo's personal Warper creased his brow. "Please, if you'd be so kind, give me another minute or two. Traveling to Hell Harbor isn't like traveling to other worlds. The magic restrictions are quite severe."

The Warper, a purple-skinned fellow, continued to fold his hands together into increasingly complex signs as he summoned the gate that would carry them across the cosmos to the World of the Demons. Grigori sweated profusely under his black robes, but he was careful not to complain about his misery. After all, he was a professional, and this was his job.

Mephisto glanced around the small inner chamber, a place in the third quadrant where the Warpers lived. While their residence might be small, it was out of the way enough that they enjoyed the peace and quiet. With their abilities, Warpers could easily travel from one end of Hell to the other in the blink of an eye, so distance never proved a barrier to them.

"Kss. A ssshame we have to travel sssuch a long dissstance sssimply to warp to our home. The filthy flesssbagsss have taken too much from usss already." Mephisto thought.

Beelzebub glanced down at his bare body. "Before we head to Hell Harbor, I'd very much like to get some clothes."

"Heh. You'll have clothes aplenty when you arrive," Bael said. "Ever been there before?"

"No. Master Agares rarely spoke of the place."

Rosalia's eyes occasionally flicked to Beelzebub's body, but she forced herself to look away, lest she make him uncomfortable. He paid her little mind.

"Mister Beelzebub, I thought your mentor showed you all the aspects of being a demon leader?"

"Not especially. Agares was never one to brag or lord his title over others. I heard he mostly slept in the Labyrinth, rather than traveling home."

"You heard right," Mephisto muttered. "The codger never ssstayed in his essstate. A ssshame. It'sss one of the lovelier placesss in Hell Harbor."

Beelzebub didn't reply. Instead, Grigori sighed. "It's ready. Prepare to enter. The portal only lasts for fifteen seconds."

Bael nodded. "Yup."

Grigori opened the portal, and everyone stepped through as quickly as possible. Grigori sealed it behind them and didn't bother waving goodbye.

Beelzebub and Rosalia examined their surroundings. The four demons stood atop one of several small platforms with a magic pentagram engraved into the soft, red stone beneath their feet.

The outdoor landing area bustled with demons, all ranked at Baron level or higher, aside from their slaves. Humans, demons, and monsters alike all carried out errands for their masters, traveling to and from the Labyrinth, thanks to the one primary warp-gate still open and owned by the demons. A long line extended to the gate, and several demons tapped their feet impatiently while they waited for their turn to step through.

"Ever since the humans took the Core, we haven't had many portals open to travel to Hell Harbor," Bael muttered. "Fucking fleshbags."

Beelzebub's gaze drifted past several statues carved in the likenesses of various top-ranking demons, and to the far distance, where trees and mountains gave way to a lone tower atop a plateau. It stood out among the other mountains, for the fact that black smoke rose into the red sky above.

Mephisto hissed. "Do you like my home? It catchesss the eye, doesssn't it?"

"You live there?"

"Of courssse. The Undead Monolith hasss been my home for tensss of thousssandsss of yearsss. It housesss excesss energy for me to conduct my experimentsss." Mephisto thought.

Rosalia swallowed. "It... um... sure looks inviting."

Bael pointed to the right of the tower, in the general direction of a forest. "I live out past the Shrieking Woods. You ever wanna have a good time, come on over to my place. I got lots of ladies there for your enjoyment, kid. I trained 'em well, heh heh."

"Pass." Beelzebub stifled a wave of revulsion. "I've heard of your penchant for human females. I gag at the thought of living with humans."

"Oh? Is that so?" Bael stifled a smirk and nudged Mephisto. "Hear that? He don't like humans."

"Mossst amusssing." Mephisto thought.

Beelzebub raised an eyebrow. "What? Is something about that funny? Humans disgust many demons."

"No, no, of course not. Anyway, let's get you to your new home. I can't wait to see what you think."

Beelzebub narrowed his gaze. "You're planning something."

"Nah. Wouldn't dream of it."

The four demons departed their arrival platform and headed into the thick of the crowd. Several pedestrians stared at Beelzebub's nude body, including the women. He scowled at them. "Keep your eyes to yourselves."

"Come on, boy, they're just 'mirin. Not to mention you're a new face around here. Most of us know each other."

Beelzebub bristled. "Soon, they'll learn to respect me. I'm a Duke now. Far above the common rabble."

"There's that big ego. Better get that under control, or me 'n Mephisto will have to teach you a lesson."

"You tried that once, and failed."

Bael went quiet. "Tch. Whatever you say."

They stopped at the exit when a few Orcs nodded at them. "Mishter Bael. Muhphishtoe. You go home?"

"Nah, not yet, Grok. Get us a shuttle. We're heading over to the Slithering Spire first. Need to show the newest Duke his estate."

The head Orc grunted at Beelzebub. "No problem. Me call shuh-tul. Take few minutes. Wait here."

Beelzebub rubbed his arms. "What's a shuttle? Never heard of it."

Mephisto tittered. "Keh keh keh, amusssingly enough, it'sss a flessshbag invention. It floatsss over the ground and can ssseat ssseveral demonsss inssside. It'sss usssed for transssportation from one placcce to the next." Mephisto thought.

A minute later, a giant vehicle floated up, hovering over the paved ground silently. A goblin inside thumbed toward the back. "All aboard! This one's heading to the Slitherin' Spire!"

The four demons climbed inside, with Rosalia and Beelzebub sitting directly across from Bael and Mephisto. Beelzebub leered away from Rosalia, even as she tried to wiggle a little closer to him on the seat. "Confound you, woman. Keep your mitts off me."

Rosalia batted her eyes innocently. "The seat isn't very big, Mister Beelzebub. I can't help myself."

"The seat is plenty wide, but so are you. You take up too much space!"

Bael chuckled. "Calling this cutie fat, huh? You've got bad manners, pup."

"Shut up."

Bael pulled the side-door shut, but when it slammed, something got in the way, causing it to reopen. The Duke of Pain paused to examine the door. "Err, Beelzy..."

"What?"

"Uh. I slammed the door on your fingers."

Beelzebub glanced at his hand. It was broken in several places. He healed it a moment later. "Oh, sorry."

"You didn't feel anything?"

"I did not."

"Mmm."

.......................................................

Time passed. Minutes. Hours. The shuttle drove past houses large and small, all homes belonging to one Baron or another. Most of them were quite large, standing several stories tall with dozens of rooms for servant quarters and anything else the resident required.

On the car's left, Beelzebub spotted an ocean, while on the right, the mountains pressed against the cliffside. Mephisto touched his fingers to his forehead for a moment and communicated with his undead minions. "We've arrived."

Beelzebub and Rosalia stared out through the wide windows to the right. The mountains peeled away, and a lush green meadow appeared, filled to the brim with flowers and small animals hopping about. Statues and gargoyles dotted the landscape, and a gigantic tower rose into the sky thirty stories above, twisting and turning to form a shape neither of the two younger demons had seen before. Vines fell off the tower at various places, making it blend into the mountain in such a way that one might not see it if they didn't look for it.

Beelzebub's expression turned to disgust a moment later. Dozens, no, _hundreds_ of humans walked around in a field adjoining the meadow, where they plucked fruits and vegetables from trees and plants growing nearby.

"What the hell? This is my home?"

"Mmm. Kinda. Slithering Spire is your old master's place. It's Agares' home, but he asked me to pass it down to you. Lucky break, huh?"

Beelzebub seethed for a few moments as the shuttle entered a gate with two more gargoyles atop and rolled down a long ornately laid brick driveway toward the tower a mile away.

"Humans. Why are there so many of them here? Is this some sort of sick joke?"

Mephisto glanced at Bael, then at Beelzebub. "Agaresss wasss fond of flessshbagsss. He sssaved ssseveral thousssand of them during the Energy Warsss. They work asss hisss chattel here in Ssslithering Ssspire." Mephisto thought.

"Human slaves. Fantastic. Where are the low-ranked demon slaves?"

Bael smirked. "Agares only used humans. It was a rule of his. Never whipped or hurt 'em either. Too soft, in my opinion."

The shuttle pulled up to the tower, and Beelzebub leaped out, igniting fire around his body as he departed. "I won't let filthy rats look at my unclothed form."

"Suit yourself," Bael muttered. The other three demons climbed out of the shuttle, and the Goblin leaned his seat back.

"Lemme know when you big bosses are ready to head out."

"Sure thing, Grum-Grum," Bael said.

Beelzebub gazed up at the tower for a full minute, examining the intricate winding pattern of the chiseled marble. _What a marvel of engineering. I wonder who built it?_ Beelzebub thought.

Bael clapped his hands. "Let's go inside and get you some clothes, whelp. Gettin' pretty tired of looking at your tiny meat all day long."

"I'm not," Rosalia whispered.

"Both of you, shut up."

The group of demons headed toward the front doors. While climbing the steps toward the intricately chiseled marble entrance, the doors swung open, and three humans stepped through; one dark-skinned man, and two light-skinned women.

The man raised a hand. "Duke of Pain. Duke of Mist. Welcome. I did not expect you here today. How may I be of service?"

Beelzebub sized him up. _Dark skin, bald, wearing a black tuxedo. Big scar going over his right eye. I thought Bael said Agares never punished his slaves? Maybe it's an unrelated injury. This fellow carries himself with confidence. Seems taller than he should be, considering he's only a human._ Beelzebub thought.

Bael crossed his arms. "Yo, Benjamin, it's been a while. I'm sure you've heard of Agares' return, and his second death."

"Only yesterday," the man said. "We're still preparing for a second funeral. I hear his body disintegrated into ash...?"

"Aye. It did." Bael nudged Mephisto, and the Duke of Mist made a motion with his hands. In the grass at the bottom of the steps, a zombie emerged from the ground with a ceramic container in its arms. It trudged up the steps and handed the container to Mephisto, then headed back down and went underground.

Beelzebub shivered. _That thing had no face. Horrifying._ Beelzebub thought.

Mephisto handed the urn to Bael, and Bael to Benjamin. "Here he is. It's all we could recover."

Ben took the urn and stared at it for several long moments. "I heard he died fighting the Black Witch. How did he come back to fight again?"

Beelzebub coughed. "Ahem. I can answer that question, insect. I fought and defeated my master when the Black Queen summoned him from the realm of the dead."

The man glanced at his two female companions, then back to Beelzebub. "Oh. You must be his pupil. Beelzebub, am I right?"

"You are."

The man nodded. "I am Benjamin Brown, the head slave here at the Slithering Spire. Since you are the new master of this residence, I am your humble servant."

Beelzebub gnashed his teeth. "I don't want a human servant. I want demon servants. Why in the Devil's name would Agares have humans working under him?! I thought the old lizard had more sense than that."

Rosalia nodded. "Yeah! Why should Mister Beelzebub have humans working under him? Gross. He deserves better than that!"

Benjamin didn't reply for a few moments. The man rubbed his bald head a few times before answering. "Master Agares spoke about you all the time. He mentioned your proclivity toward hating humans, and your tendency to distrust and hate us, irrational though it be. I didn't expect you to look at me with such venom in your eyes, but now I understand what he meant."

"Irrational? I'm far from irrational," Beelzebub countered. "Humans tortured and exterminated demons in the past era before the Energy Wars. Your kind deserves all the pain you've suffered."

Benjamin scratched his thin black facial hair, then looked at Bael. "He doesn't know, does he?"

"Nope."

Beelzebub raised an eyebrow. "I don't know... _what_?"

Benjamin smiled faintly, then dismissed the two women. After they left, he cleared his throat. "Master Beelzebub, this may come as a surprise to you, but I lived during the Energy Wars."

"Huh? Lies. That's impossible. Your kind barely lives to a hundred, and that's if the demons allow you."

Bael shook his head. "Ben's telling the truth. He was one of humanity's military commanders. He killed a lot of demons."

Nobody said anything for a few seconds.

Beelzebub's face whitened. "You... slew demons? And Agares allowed you to live?"

"I did, and he did. We had an agreement." Benjamin looked at a watch on his wrist for a moment. "Why not come inside? I'll tell you all about it. We've already prepared dinner for tonight, and everyone here is free to enjoy it."

Beelzebub's body stayed tense. "I couldn't care less. I'm not entering a house filled with _humans_."

Benjamin nodded. "I thought you might say that. I think you'll find Agares' last will and testament... enlightening."

Rosalia blinked, then reached into her clothes to withdraw Agares' envelope from the Slaughterseum. Beelzebub eyed it for a moment. "Rosalia. I'm still having trouble controlling my flames. Hold it out so I can read it."

The plump woman nodded, opened the envelope, and pulled out some ancient, faded papers. Beelzebub raised an eyebrow. _It looks like Agares wrote this will several hundred years ago._ Beelzebub thought.

His eyes scanned the page as Rosalia held it up.

_Beelzebub._

_If you are reading this, I have perished. I know not how, when, or why, but I assume you will inherit my estate and eventually move in with my family._

_Well, you might not think of them as family. After all, to you, they will appear as little more than slaves. Human slaves, at that, and I know how you loathe their kind. You're not one for compassion._

_My pupil, I believed in you from the moment I met you. You remember how we met, don't you? I do. I think about it all the time. You were a feisty little imp, one who thought of himself as better than the others. Your body took a beating now and then, but your pride was invulnerable. I respected that about you. I still do._

_You're a demon raised among demons. You're young, and thus know little of the galaxy and universe outside the Labyrinth. It's not your fault. We designed the Labyrinth to be an insular system. The Council wished to encourage ignorance among demons regarding their past so that we could look toward the future._

_However... I believe we went about everything in the wrong manner._

_I don't love humans. I've lost many brothers and sisters to their kind. However, I don't hate them, either. I believe humans and demons have value to each other. I tried to instill those beliefs in you as an upcoming Lord, but I fear I may have failed._

_Beelzebub. I bequeath you my estate, but I ask that you do things differently from me. Focus on what went wrong in the past. Demons and humans need not be mortal enemies. We should not have a predator and prey dynamic, but one of cooperation and trust._

_Some would say my goal is farfetched, and for an old bat like me, they would be right. However, you are not bound by the past as I am. Look to the future in a way the other demons won't. Lead humanity and the demons toward a horizon where both stand to benefit. If you do not... I fear that war will take us once again._

_Life is peaceful now, but I believe it will not stay that way forever._

_Be strong, my pupil. Stand up for what is right. Use that pride of yours to resist the honeyed words of the Council. Pressure them to accept-_

Beelzebub sighed and stopped reading. "Agares always _did_ have a flair for the dramatic."

Bael walked around behind Rosalia. "Eh? What's it say?"

Beelzebub snatched the paper from Rosalia and burned it to ash. "Nothing you need to see. Human, have you read this letter?"

Ben shook his head. "I have not, but I can hazard a guess regarding its contents."

"Excellent," Beelzebub muttered. "Incredible absurdity from a stupid old man. I regret wasting my time."

Rosalia stared at Beelzebub, having read the letter herself. "I thought the letter was... nice."

Beelzebub rolled his eyes. "I'm _shocked_ you'd think that."

Benjamin gestured inside the Spire. "Well, if that's everything, will you be joining us for dinner, Master Beelzebub?"

The Duke of Inferno glowered at the human for several moments. He sighed. "Fine. Whatever. I don't trust you in the slightest, but at the least, I'd like to put on some clothes."

Ben cocked his head. "Oh. I thought that fire around your waist was what you normally wore."

"No," Beelzebub hissed. "Get me a suit. Black. Trimmed cuffs with a bright red undershirt."

Ben clicked his tongue. "You'll be staying for dinner, then?"

"Don't test me."
