Part 631: Ose's Revelation
Part 631: Ose's Revelation

January 20th, 2021. 9PM.

A full day passed, plus several extra hours. Belial, Bael, and Murmur had to use several secret demon transfer locations to meet up with Warpers hiding among the humans. By doing so, they were able to jump around the USA until they finally arrived in northern California, nearly a thousand kilometers from where they started in Seattle, Washington.

But eventually, they did arrive. Bael grumbled to himself. He yawned and scratched his ass, but kept his complaints to a minimum as he dutifully followed Belial toward the edge of Crescent City, at the tip-top northwestern corner of the state. It wasn't a big city, with a population well under 10,000, but it was strategically located along the western US coastline, and was within spitting distance of the state border; useful for all sorts of demonic activities.

The woods east of the city opened up to reveal the roads and houses at the city's edge, but Belial didn't travel any further. Instead, she, Bael, and Murmur all came to a stop just inside the treeline, then they stood still and waited.

Eventually, the ground opened up. A Burrower Demon Grunt emerged from the topsoil, looked around, then quickly bowed.

"Emperor Belial. Emperor Murmur. Duke Bael."

"Rise." Belial said. "Take us to her."

"Of course." The Burrower replied, smoothly standing up and assuming a casual but respectful posture. "Baron Ose is always busy, but she is willing to hear you out."

Belial crinkled her nose. "I'll bet she is."

The Burrower waved his hands. The hole in the ground expanded, and he walked down into the angled hole, while the other three followed him. After walking fifty feet underground, the Burrower sealed the topsoil, taking care to disperse the grass back the way it was minutes before. Not even the most eagle-eyed of angels would notice the disturbance unless they were specifically looking for it, or perhaps if they were attuned with the element of Earth, such as Archangel Uriel once was.

Pitch-black darkness engulfed the demons. Nobody complained. Demons had extremely powerful eyesight, and were able to adjust to rapid changes in luminosity, particularly when it involved darkness. Naturally, extremely bright light could injure them, but they were never worried about walking into dimly lit caves.

The Burrower silently dug a tunnel, traveling down a pre-chosen underground path as he led his superiors to the designated meeting area. Eventually, the path downward opened up into a hallway illuminated with glowing rocks made of magical Sulphurite. This type of element was not a naturally occurring rock, but a type of demoncursed exotic mineral used to illuminate underground passages indefinitely without requiring or draining oxygen the way torches would.

The trio walked ahead, while the Burrower remained behind. Before long, Belial's eyes twitched. She sensed a previously hidden demonic aura emerge up ahead, one she never enjoyed encountering in person.

"Belial! So nice of you to pay me your respects." A female voice said up ahead.

Belial rounded the corner and came face-to-face with one of the demonesses she detested most; none other than Lucifer, the Emperor of Providence.

Lucifer's third eye looked up, down, left and right. It constantly swept the area, watching out for hostiles and penetrating the bedrock with contemptuous ease. At the same time, Lucifer's two ordinary eyes fixated on Belial, making her feel that typical sense of revulsion she always did when encountering a rival Emperor.

"Cut the crap." Belial said, before stopping to cross her arms. "Where's Ose?"

Inside this underground entry chamber, there was a sacrificial pit filled with the bodies of recently murdered and mutilated humans. Belial couldn't help but look at them, her lip twitching in disgust. Lucifer was up to some horrible things, no doubt. But she was also the ruler of the Third Hell of Blood. That made her an equal to Belial, as agreed upon by the Seven Ancient Emperors.

Belial wasn't allowed to interfere with Lucifer's matters unless they directly threatened the interests of demonkind. At the same time, neither was she allowed to scoop up any 'assets' Lucifer employed without the Emperor of Providence's permission.

That would make this next part... difficult.

"Not even a polite 'hello'? Your manners are _dreadful_ these days." Lucifer said, her tongue snaking between her razor-sharp teeth as she spoke. When she smiled, it truly made the other conversation participants feel uneasy.

Belial fell silent for a moment. She inhaled a quiet breath, though not quiet enough for Lucifer to overlook.

"A new Trueborn Hero may have arisen." Belial said. "This affects all demons, yourself included. I need Ose's help to infiltrate the Illuminati."

Lucifer's smile disappeared. She looked at Belial with a severe expression.

"That isn't possible." Lucifer stated emphatically. "Harold Whittaker was the last Trueborn. The Nazis ruined the Heroic Aura with their clumsy experiments. There will never be another Trueborn again."

"You and I both know that's not the whole truth." Belial said, narrowing her eyes. "I've heard rumors that the humans have been detecting Heroic energy signatures for the past decade or so. We weren't able to confirm them, but now we can. The Illuminati swept up a young man named Jason Hiro from a place in Oregon called Cryotek Labs, and-"

"What was that?" Lucifer asked, narrowing her eyes. "You expect me to believe the new Trueborn's name is Jason _Hiro_? Can there really be such a coincidence, or did his mother have a sense of humor when she named him?"

"I thought it was silly myself." Belial said, rolling her eyes. "For all I know, this might be an elaborate ruse by the Illuminati. They might have set a trap to take out a few high-ranking demons, like me. If so, I'd be walking blindly into it. But you and I both know I _have_ to take that gamble. A humanity with a Hero and without one are two _very_ different concepts."

Lucifer fell silent.

She looked at Belial for a few long seconds, then her third eye abruptly snapped onto Belial's face, and a pulse of energy surged into the Emperor of Passion's brain.

"Aargh!" Belial shrieked, taking a step back. "You DARE?!"

She snapped her fist at Lucifer, but the Emperor of Providence ducked the attack with fluid ease, seeing right through Belial's movements. She fired a powerful kinetic energy blast from her third eye, and it smashed into Belial, sending her flying backward until she hit the wall and rattled the underground chamber.

"Lucifer!!" Belial roared, her eyes glowing with hatred.

"Wait! I was just testing you. Peace, Belial." Lucifer shouted, holding up her palms. "I had to know!"

Belial was about to pounce at Lucifer and start ripping her apart. She had wanted to do so for a long time anyway, and this unprovoked attack would have given her the perfect excuse! Unfortunately, with Lucifer abruptly backing down and apologizing, Belial was left flat-footed and unsure of how to respond.

"Had to know about WHAT?!" Belial shouted back. "You've got five seconds before I bring this entire chamber down on both of us!"

"I wasn't sure if you were 'you'." Lucifer explained. "For all I knew, this was an elaborate human ruse to get me to lower my guard. I had to make sure you were really _Belial_ and not some advanced clone or robotic mimic. My daughter has warned me such creatures may be invented by humanity soon."

What a great excuse! How wonderful indeed!

Belial gnashed her teeth. In truth, Lucifer's attacks hadn't hurt all that much. If she had intended to fight to the death or to cause severe injuries, Lucifer could have poured far more demonic energy into her initial sneaky strike and Belial would have suffered much more.

"Well... are you _satisfied_?" Belial hissed, standing up straight and looking at Lucifer with eyes that could bore holes in concrete.

Behind Belial, Murmur looked on in concern, but Bael seemed as if he were about to fall asleep. Why would he care about two broads catfighting? He had more important things to think about, like his next meal.

"I am." Lucifer said, folding her hands behind her back. She smiled smugly at Belial. "Well, alright. Even if this Hero stuff is all a bunch of nonsense, it's better to be safe than sorry. I'll take you to Ose. It's up to her if she wants to join you, though."

Without further ado, Lucifer spun on her heels. She trotted past the bodies of the mutilated human corpses, while Belial and the rest forced themselves not to look. Actually, Bael didn't care one way or the other. He'd seen so many ripped-up bodies, it was like looking at pieces of paper laying on the ground. Meaningless to him.

This underground region turned out to be far larger than it first appeared. As Belial and the others walked behind Lucifer, they passed tens, dozens, and hundreds of other low and mid-ranking demons. Hidden under Crescent City, a huge underground crystal mine lurked, with blue and red crystals embedded in the walls, providing light to the areas around them, as well as providing a way of storing demonic energy externally, like batteries. The purpose of all that demonic energy was made clear as they eventually arrived inside a huge underground dome filled with what Belial thought were human-made computers, yet ones that distinctly possessed a demonic aura to their aesthetics. Even a tech-illiterate like her could tell no humans had been involved in the making of these giant servers and CPU-banks.

At the center of the area, a white-haired beauty stood, her eyes glazed over as strings of electrical energy surged out in a hundred different directions, tapping into the computers to achieve some end Belial had no way of understanding.

"Ose. Ose, darling!" Lucifer called out, before stopping fifty meters from the end of the supercomputer cluster. "I have brought guests to see you!"

Belial wiped her forehead. The room was hot. _Really_ hot. Demons could deal with high and low temperatures just fine, and even 150F Fahrenheit would only make her sweat a bit, but she had to admit it was truly sweltering in here. The computer cluster ran hot, and while there appeared to be powerful ventilation shafts secreted inside the walls, venting the excess heat outside, they couldn't be too numerous or too expansive, lest the vents draw negative attention from outside observers. Thus, the room was not nearly at a temperature Belial would consider comfortable.

Surprisingly, Ose did not appear negatively impacted by the high heat. Bael was immune to temperature of essentially all sorts, but Ose was a bit different. Her affinity to electricity was also an affinity to energy, and heat was merely an alternate expression of that affinity. As such, high and low temperatures didn't bother her in the slightest, barring the most extreme examples.

Hearing her mother call out, Ose momentarily shifted her mental focus away from the computer cluster. She directed a short glance at Belial and the others then turned back to what she was doing.

"What is it?" Ose asked. "What do they want?"

Belial frowned. Ose was only a Baron, yet she always acted high and mighty; likely the result of her mother constantly telling her how amazing she was. She had an ego nearly as big as Lucifer's, and she never bothered to respect other people's authority.

"I need your help." Belial said, taking a step forward, but stopping at the same position as Lucifer. If Lucifer didn't want to step too close to the computer cluster, there was probably a good reason why, and Belial wasn't about to make a fool of herself by crossing that boundary. "I have reason to believe there might be a human Trueborn somewhere on Earth. I need your help investigating the situation."

Ose remained silent. She continued vacantly gazing into some unknown internal computer matrices, seemingly ignoring Belial's words.

"Hello?" Belial asked, her annoyance growing by the second.

"So you finally figured it out." Ose said, her tone bland. "Took you long enough."

Belial blinked. Lucifer blinked, too.

"You knew?" Belial asked.

"You knew??" Lucifer repeated, slightly aghast. "Ose! Why did you not say anything?"

"I've been monitoring the situation for the better part of a decade." Ose replied. "What do you think this computer network is? It's a spynet I built to wiretap every advanced computer system on the planet. In fact, I figured out a long time ago that there wasn't just one Trueborn, but two."

Belial's heart turned cold.

"What... what did you say?"

"Two Trueborn." Ose replied, still not bothering to look at the two of them. "Though they are both frighteningly good at evading my detection. I couldn't uncover their identities, despite my best efforts."

She paused.

"One of them seems to reside either in Russia, Germany, or France. They are a teleportation-type Hero with other potentially unknown abilities. They seem to be an Esper with abilities not dissimilar to mine, though their technological prowess is far beneath mine. This is made up for by their other abilities, many of which I can only hazard guesses regarding."

She continued. "The other one is primarily located here in the United States. I have tried for years to observe him in the field, but he has a supernatural method of evading my detection net. I do know his identity, though."

Lucifer and Belial looked at each other in shock. While they were both just starting to uncover the slightest whiff of a Hero, Ose had known for over a decade but said nothing! Lucifer was the most bothered by this revelation, because... why would her precious little girl not tell her??

"The one you're talking about. Is his name Jason Hiro?" Belial asked, her tone somewhat muted.

"No." Ose replied. "The second Hero I detected... I don't know his real name. But I know his pseudonym. His identity is... Cat Mask. He is an internationally recognized assassin with the ability to accurately snipe at any target with perfect precision. Beyond that, I believe he has more subtle abilities, ones I cannot pinpoint."

Ose finally turned to look at Belial.

"Jason Hiro is the _third_ Trueborn. I only learned about him for the first time less than a week ago. I am fully aware that he was taken by the Illuminati, and I've been waiting to make my move on their compound."

"Th-th-_third_ Trueborn?!" Belial exclaimed, her skin turning a pale pink. "There's three of them? That's not possible! Not possible at ALL!"

"I thought so too, years ago." Ose said, before pausing for a few moments to look off to the side. "We know Trueborn Heroes only rise once in a generation. What if there was only one Trueborn, and the other two were merely powerful Lowborn? But no, that isn't the case. I've personally verified that all three of them have Heroic Energy Signatures as powerful as each other. What I don't know is who they are, what their exact abilities are, and how much of a threat they pose."

Ose pursed her lips.

"The secret societies have been quietly gathering up Lowborn across the world. I've never seen so many appear all at once. Something changed. I don't know what, how, or why, but I do know it represents an existential threat to demonkind. We've never seen this many Lowborn emerge at once, and certainly not multiple Trueborn. It seems the Nazis were not as unsuccessful as we thought."

Lucifer stared at her daughter. She still felt miffed at not being informed of this incredibly important matter, but she also felt extremely proud. It was obvious Ose had done her due diligence! She was not known as demonkind's secret genius for no reason.

"Sweetie." Lucifer said. "I know you are holding something back. You have a theory about the Trueborn... correct?"

Ose faintly smiled. She closed her eyes and shook her head.

"You always do see through me, mother. That's right. I have a bit of a strange theory, indeed."

Ose opened her eyes.

"I believe that all three of these Heroes are related, likely by blood. I believe they may all be siblings. Specifically... I believe they are all the descendants of Harold Whittaker."

A veil seemingly parted before Belial and Lucifer's eyes. The two of them fell into introspection as they mulled this possibility over.

"Supposedly, Harold died from the injuries he sustained during the war." Belial said. "I heard he didn't live past the 1950's."

"A decade is a great deal of time." Lucifer added. "You know humans. They breed like rabbits. Maybe he and his wife bore a few kids in secret. Maybe he had an affair with another woman, or multiple of them."

Ose tilted her chin up. "The original Heroic Aura belonged to the first Trueborn, the Illuminator, Jepthath. Originally, the aura would have passed down to his descendants, until Archangel Raphael altered how it worked. I believe it's possible the Nazis found a way to reverse this change, returning it to the state of a bloodline ability. This is extremely bad news for us, as it means we will have more Heroes to face as enemies... but the situation may not be entirely bleak."

Belial perked her ears up. "What do you mean?"

Ose detached herself from her computer nexus. Her body sagged a little as she dropped to the floor, then began walking toward her mother and their three guests.

"If the Heroic Aura is as it was, then killing a Trueborn has negligible impact on humanity's long-term prospects. A new one will simply be born elsewhere, grow up, and become a threat within one to two decades."

She stopped an arm's length from the other demons.

"But what if that isn't the case anymore? If the Heroic Aura is no longer a transient entity that jumps from person to person... then that means we have a chance to snuff it out... _once and for all._"

Ose grinned evilly. A cruel and malicious light flickered in her eyes.

"Don't you get it? If we kill all the Trueborn on Earth right now, before they can breed and have more children, we can prevent the rise of all future Heroes. We already thought we did once, but the humans tricked us. Yet their long-term deception hasn't quite paid off! These three Trueborn are vulnerable. We have a shot at killing them right now, before they can start expanding their numbers. If we move quickly, we can finally bring an end to this millennia-long stalemate!"

She paused, Her evil smile disappeared.

"However, calling it a 'stalemate' is also inaccurate. The humans are rapidly evolving their technology. I can keep up with all those changes on my own, but the rest of you cannot. It may not be long before they start inventing weapons and armor that can take down Dukes and Emperors. What then? Even without a Hero, they will crush us!"

Belial nodded. Her expression turned grave.

"We have a narrow window of opportunity." Belial muttered. "We have to strike before the Heroes multiply to even more ludicrous numbers, and before humanity's technology reaches a level that seriously threatens us."

"Precisely." Ose said. "But for now, we need intel. That's why I'll be going with you. You want to infiltrate the Illuminati compound and uncover the Trueborn's identity? So do I."

"I shall go, too." Lucifer said, straightening her posture. "Let us forget our differences for a while. This is bigger than both of us."

Belial looked uneasy, but she had to admit Lucifer was a powerhouse. With her at their side, the infiltration was bound to be a success.

The only problem was, Lucifer loved killing humans. Belial had no idea if 'sneaking' was even an option for the overbearing Emperor.

"Alright..." Belial said slowly. "But this is my mission, handed down by Satan directly. I'm in charge."

Lucifer spread her mouth in a horrifying shark-like approximation of a smile.

"Sure. **You** take the lead." Lucifer said.

Just as the group was about to leave, Ose threw out one last thing.

"I'm going to bring a couple other demons, mother."

Lucifer's smile became a bit warmer and less sadistic as she turned to face her daughter. "Of course, sweetheart. Who have you chosen?"

"Abby, for her ability to influence the minds of humans from a great distance." Ose said. "And also... my brother."

Lucifer's smile evaporated. "Abby is a fine choice, but even that worthless idiot, Gressil? All he does is sit around playing with butterflies all day! There must be a better choice!"

Ose appeared slightly uncomfortable. "Mother..."

"Oh, all right! Bah, if you want to bring him, then do as you please!" Lucifer snarled. "But he'd better not compromise the mission!"

"I'll make sure he doesn't." Ose promised.

Belial scratched her head.

Gressil... Gressil...

Had she heard that demon's name before?

Everyone knew Ose. She was a rare talent among Barons, gifted with technological capabilities that made her utterly unique.

As for Ose's 'brother', Belial didn't remember ever speaking to him. He likely wasn't anyone important. Lucifer's words seemed to correlate with her guess.

Before long, a cute and bubbly demoness joined the group. She rushed over and latched onto Ose's arm while squealing excitedly. "Ooooh, Ose! You called for me specifically?! That's great! I'm so happy!!"

Ose grimaced. "Your abilities will come in handy for this infiltration mission... but that's all. Release my arm. We're not close."

"Of COURSE we're close! We're like besties!" Abby, the Baron of Happy Thoughts declared.

While Abby pestered and latched onto Ose, Belial directed her attention to the other latecomer. He was a thin, gangly, utterly unimpressive looking demon. His face was moody, his hair scraggly. He looked off into the distance, seemingly absorbed in his own thoughts. If ever there was a ranking list of anti-social rejects among demonkind, he would be in the number one position. Belial couldn't believe such a pathetic looking demon existed!

"Gressil!" Lucifer snapped, hissing at him in her usual overbearing manner. "This is Emperor Belial! Introduce yourself!"

Gressil looked at Belial. Despite her attractive appearance, he didn't seem even the slightest bit interested.

"...Hello." Gressil said, after several long seconds.

Then he looked away again.

Despite her immediate revulsion, Belial also felt a different way toward him. That one single word conveyed a level of unimaginable depression. She realized with a start that this 'Gressil' likely lived a sad life, being bossed and bullied by one of the meanest possible 'mothers' who could have ever adopted him.

Naturally, Lucifer was not truly Gressil and Ose's parent. More likely, she had adopted them at some point in the past, as did many older demons. Rumor had it Agares was looking for a protege, though the few he'd found had turned out to be rather inadequate. It was a bit of a surprise that Lucifer hadn't just cut Gressil loose if she hated him so much.

"It's nice to meet you, Gressil." Belial said, smiling as cheerfully as she could manage. But the young demon didn't seem to notice her efforts. He simply continued gazing off into the distance, as if nothing happening now mattered to him.

After adding in these final two members, Belial returned her attention to the task at hand.

"Alright. The sooner we move out, the better." Belial said. "Let's uncover the conspiracy behind all these Trueborn."