Part 188: Humanity Containment Project
Part 188: Humanity Containment Project

I lean back in the comfortable fabric chair and watch as Marie summons a hologram in the center of the room. An image appears of a massive, six-legged machine, one resembling a spider, with a giant cannon mounted on top. The weapon of war fires a burst of explosive plasma at a nearby structure and blasts it to smithereens, liquefying the ten-story building to clumps of steel and concrete in seconds.

"This machine is known as a Dragoon," Marie begins. "It is a staple of the Volgrim ground invasion force. It is also one of their _least_ technologically advanced weapons of war."

Marie taps a row of buttons on her desk and reconfigures the holographic display in the center of the room to a new scene.

This time, one hundred cloaked aliens stomp toward a human city, their movements unhurried, their postures confident. I note with interest how dinosaur-like their feet appear, with two giant claws on the front, and one on the back. Their talons dig into the dirt, allowing them to walk across rocks and rough terrain with ease.

The camera pans around to reveal more of the human city. I nearly jump out of my seat when I recognize it.

"That's San Francisco!"

The city's familiar skyline, coupled with its iconic Golden Gate Bridge catches my eye. The aliens trudge toward the city from the east, arriving just outside its city limits. 

I stare in fascinated horror as a gigantic spacecraft flies down from the sky to face off against the small contingent of ground troops. Its appearance is distinctly Terran, with rounded edges, machine guns clumped all over its hull, and a flag vaguely resembling that of the USA. To my surprise, the emblem appears somewhat altered, with elements of Britain, Australia, and even Russia's flags thrown in.

The massive starship, nearly three football fields in length, swivels over five hundred machineguns at the Volgrim below.

An audio clip plays.

"You bastards! This is for New York!"

A hail of gunfire rains from the sky, saturating the aliens with an inescapable hailstorm of bullets.

However, none of the Volgrim so much as flinch. Instead, all of them raise their heads upward and gaze defiantly at the battlecruiser. One of the Volgrim, a commander wearing black armor, steps forward and raises a five-fingered hand to the sky.

A horrible voice emerges, spoken not through vocal cords, but an audio-projector.

[Primitive mud-dwellers. Know your place.]

The storm of bullets suddenly comes to a screeching halt as it strikes a force field made of psionic energy. Ten thousand shells batter a barrier formed by the Volgrim's mind, only to clatter uselessly to the ground seconds later.

The Volgrim narrows his hideous, pure green eyes.

[Fall.]

He motions with his hand, as if slapping the dirt. The gunship bucks violently. An invisible wave of energy strikes it from above and instantly overpowers its anti-gravity propulsion units.

Two seconds later, the ship shudders and falls from the sky.

_Thoom._

Like a rock splashing into a shallow pool of water, the spaceship hits the ground and sends waves of debris flying in all directions. The Volgrim commander rises to his feet and stares silently as the ship erupts in a massive fireball, sending its crew to the afterlife.

[Worthless dirt-lickers. The rest of your ilk will soon follow.]

The hologram freezes on the Volgrim's cloaked figure, and I turn back to Marie to await her explanation.

"What you've just witnessed was the initial worldfall the Psions made in the year 2090. Humanity had already fought them for two decades, but their arrival on Earth signaled the beginning of our end. That unpleasant fellow was known as Goldlight Nufaris."

Marie shakes her head. "_Was_ known, mind you. These days, he goes by the title of _Executor_ Nufaris. He stands second only to the Founders themselves."

I shake my head. "Sorry, but I don't know what all these titles and names mean. What's a Psion? What is a 'Goldlight'? Executor? None of this means anything to me."

Marie purses her lips. "I thought you might know at least the basics. Perhaps I overestimated your intelligence from the very start."

"This has nothing to do with my intelligence," I grumble. "I just don't have all the information I need. Please start from the beginning."

"Very well."

Marie agrees to my request, surprising me. I half-expected her to put up more of a fight and make me grovel.

"The Volgrim as a whole are what you might call a 'Type 3 Civilization.' They possess the means to control every corner of the Milky Way, as well as its available energy. Humanity first learned of their existence in the year 2030, but we quickly realized that they had been _watching us_ for much longer."

I frown. "In what way?"

"The Volgrim are an ancient species. Humanity crawled out of the ice age a mere 30,000 years before creating our first spacefaring vessel. However, the Volgrim fought dozens of interplanetary wars in that same period. Their evolution began nearly ten million years before we were a blip on the universe's radar. You could say the Volgrim had the first-to-bat advantage."

She continues. "I don't know everything about the Volgrim. In fact, I'm embarrassed to admit that after monitoring them for over 100,000 years, I still know next to nothing about their origins. What I do know is that from the moment humans crawled out of the mud and began to build civilizations, we fell under their purview. They observed us, guided us, and tested us."

Marie taps on her holographic control settings. New structures appear in the center of the room, one after the other.

"The Pyramids of Giza. The Tower of Babel. The Mayan Towers. For decades, many so-called 'crackpots' theorized that these monoliths and monuments exceeded the engineering capabilities of humanity during their eras of creation. Most people dismissed them. Most people thought they were wrong, but they weren't."

I raise an eyebrow. "Are you telling me aliens built the pyramids?"

Marie nods. "I am."

"That's ridiculous. I mean, I _know_ you're not lying, but the thought is simply absurd."

Marie smiles. "Indeed. Most people thought the way you do. It wasn't until the discovery of Isla Muerda, a few hundred miles east off the coast of Mexico, that all those notions changed."

The redheaded scientist lady manipulates her holographic controls once more, bringing a massive, alien structure into focus.

"The Volgrim had a lapse in judgment. Their scientific faction, whom we later termed 'Changelings,' accidentally allowed a stray tugboat to pass through one of their detection fields. This field prevented humanity's primitive instruments from spotting the island from space, our planes from observing it overhead, and our ships from navigating nearby it. Simply put, without several centuries of evolution, we might never have chanced upon the Changeling's secret observation base."

"Changelings," I say, rolling the word around in my mouth. "Are they shapeshifters?"

"The Volgrim have five distinct factions, or rather, subspecies," Marie replies. "The Ascended, Changelings, Psions, Technopaths, and Dolgrimites. Each faction is its own special snowflake, so I won't bother explaining their differences. For now, all you need to know is that the Changelings possessed control of Earth for well over a million years. They observed us from the shadows, learned our habits, our strengths and weaknesses, and so on."

"But they are shapeshifters, right?"

Marie nods. "In a manner of speaking. They adapt their bodies to blend in with the target populace. The mutation takes some time and is not easily undone. Kar tells me you know the Second Emperor of demonkind, Belial. Have you witnessed her ability before?"

"Yeah. She's a shapeshifter, too."

Marie shakes her head. "Belial's power far, far surpasses what the Volgrim can achieve. She can change her appearance in seconds. She can mimic not only humans, angels, and other bipeds, but animals and monsters as well. Once transformed, she can mimic the voices and speech patterns of those she copies, making it nearly impossible to tell her apart from her target population. The Changelings might be more than capable of blending in with a different species, but their abilities are nowhere near as convenient."

Marie taps her holographic controls again. This time, an image appears in the middle of the room, one depicting a humanoid figure with blue skin, webbed fingers, and a face I could pick out of a crowd a mile away.

I jump out of my seat. "What?! That's... that's a Roswell alien!"

Marie closes her eyes and nods. "Mmm. Some people called them 'Greys.' They observed us from afar, and sometimes interfered. However, I assure you, Jason, that despite their bulbous eyes and nasty appearance, they are by far the most benign of all the Volgrim subspecies."

I nod along, only half-listening to Marie's words. My attention fixates on the image of the Changeling depicted in the center of the hall. Its narrow, purple eyes don't match with the bulbous black eyes alien movies always depicted Greys as having, but the head shape is practically identical. Hairless, with an elongated skull and a sharp jawline, the Changeling resembles so many movies I saw as a child that I can only shake my head in disbelief.

"We must have noticed the Changelings before 2020, when I entered my Cryopod," I mutter. "I saw dozens of movies depicting Greys. How could we imagine such specific facial and body features otherwise?"

"You're right," Marie says, nodding. "I did not find out about the aliens on my own. Instead, a man approached me one day and gave me concrete evidence of their existence, including photos and videos."

Marie leans back in her chair. "I worked as a liaison for that man, right up until the Volgrim's eventual victory over Earth. I never learned his real identity, nor where he obtained his information. All I knew was the name everyone coined for him."

"And what was it?" I ask.

Marie chuckles.

"That fellow... he wore a white feline mask on his face at all times. It reminded me of a few popular Japanese cartoons, so we called him Cat Mask."

"Seriously?"

"Yes. Cat Mask was a strange, eccentric fellow, but his information was rock-solid. He gave me more than 15 years to plan for the Volgrim's arrival. Thanks to him, my research into AI improved by leaps and bounds, allowing me to create the world's first Alpha-level AI centuries before it should have been possible."

Marie clicks her tongue. "However, I'm getting ahead of myself. Let's return to the present for a moment. I told you about the Changelings for a reason. They observed humanity's rise and fall. They collected data millions of times more precise than we did about ourselves. They served as the galaxy's observers, monitoring fledgling Sentients all across the Milky Way. Today, they control nearly two million habitable systems. That number is barely any higher than during their conquest of Earth. There aren't many worlds left they can assimilate host populations into without terraforming. And, of course, terraforming requires a massive investment of resources, so they prefer not to do it."

Marie clears her throat. "When the time came for humanity's extermination... when our hour of extinction arrived, our judgment day, I was universally considered the leader of humanity's military and population. Umi allowed me to control the population with a level of precision previously thought impossible. And so, in the interests of saving my species, I alone had the power and authority to issue an unconditional surrender."

"You were humanity's Supreme Commander?" I ask. 

"Aye," Marie replies.

I frown.

My mind-wife, Phoebe, pipes up. "Is something wrong, Jason?"

Having listened to the whole conversation until now, Phoebe hasn't said a word. However, the thoughts swirling in my head must have caught her attention.

_Solomon told me about Marie six years ago. I didn't think much about it then, but now I'm having second thoughts._

"What did he say?"

I rub my head, trying to remember Solomon's exact words.

_Something about how Marie lied and manipulated the voting system to achieve total power. Suddenly, I'm not sure how much I can trust her._

"Mmm. Marie does appear to be holding information from you," Phoebe says while rubbing her chin. "She's not being 100% honest. Just take whatever she says with a grain of salt."

_Yeah. I will._

I blink my eyes a few times to shake off my daze, then return to my conversation with Marie.

"So you issued a surrender. What then?"

Marie sighs.

"After that came the Humanity Containment Project. Given how the Changelings had observed humanity for 30,000 years, they knew us inside and out. They knew humans were too audacious, too curious for our own good. We always seek out adventure and try to explore new frontiers. The Changelings found that aspect of our personalities charming... but the Psions did not. They found it alarming."

Marie sucks in a breath. "The Psions considered us a threat."

"What about the Ascended, Technopaths, and Dolgrimites?" I ask. "Don't they have any relevance to our history?"

Certainly," Marie replies. "After all, Unarin, leader of The Ascended, is the First Founder. He has the highest authority among all five Founders. His words alone can mobilize tens of trillions of shock troopers to slaughter a world. None dare to oppose him. Were it not for my successful negotiation, the Psions would have consigned us to the depths of Hell. Unarin spared our people the fate of a bloody genocide. I worked under his command to help place humans on tightly restricted worlds where we would lose our freedom and ability to innovate, but would guarantee our survival."

I cross my arms. "You keep switching from the past to the present, but unless I missed something, it almost sounds like that Nufaris guy and Unarin were alive during the ancient wars, and today, as well."

"The Volgrim are immortal," Marie says, nodding. "Much like the demons, the angels, the Titans, and the majority of monsters, they do not lose their vitality over time."

"Is that how you ensured they wouldn't renege on their promises, say, ten thousand years in the future? Because Unarin would always be the mightiest Volgrim?"

Marie falls silent.

Several seconds pass as she scrutinizes me with her gaze.

"No. In the end, I would never trust my fate, let alone humanity's, to a few bureaucrats or one so-called all-powerful leader. Especially with Earth's history and how humans love stories involving fallen tyrants. I had a far safer method to ensure our survival."

Marie smiles.

"The Doomsday protocol."

I sit up a little straighter in my seat. "You don't mean... those massive neutron bombs I saw on the way in here?"

"Hahaha!" Marie laughs. "No, silly boy, not those. Those are mere toys compared to my ultimate weapon. Think carefully. What do I possess that would terrify even the mightiest galactic civilization?"

I shrug. "Don't ask me. I barely know anything about you. A few killer robots and some planet-busting bombs are all I've seen."

"No, Jason. Think. _Think._"

Marie taps the side of her head, then slowly, gingerly, points at the ceiling.

Realization dawns on me.

"Umi. Your AI. _She's_ your ultimate weapon?"

"Haha. Yes. The Volgrim fear almost nothing. Their power is vast enough that they're already on the verge of expanding to Andromeda. However, the one thing which gives them cold, terror-filled dreams... is the existence of a super-AI."

Marie's grin turns sinister.

"I know little about the Volgrim's origins. However, the amount of fiction, art, and cultural artifacts they possess depicting an ancient war with a supreme AI gives me suicidal thoughts sometimes. If you think the Volgrim are mighty now, you'd weep if you knew how many of their kind perished during those million-year-old wars."

Marie throws her head back and unleashes a hearty cackle. "Hahaha!! Oh, the universe can truly unleash wonderful poetry on occasion. After all, Umi isn't any mere AI, but a tool I fashioned based on blueprints Cat Mask handed me. And where, young man, do you think he found the AI's data core?"

"No way..." I mutter. "You don't mean...?"

"Yes. Cat Mask obtained the AI core from an ancient ruin somewhere in Syria. Ten thousand years after humans began roaming the Earth, a stray Changeling exploration vessel crash-landed in Earth's atmosphere. The crew perished on impact, but portions of their craft survived, only to end up buried a thousand feet beneath the surface. Whatever means Cat Mask used to obtain it; he gave it to me freely without any conditions. It accelerated my existing research by centuries."

Marie spreads her arms. "Umi, the Universal Management Interface, is my greatest creation. She is a machine that allows me to create new technology a thousand times faster than the Volgrim, and her superintelligence is high enough that even if the Volgrim developed an AI of their own, it could never reach Umi's level. I used a Volgrim AI Core to create an AI capable of suppressing the Volgrim. Brilliant!"

I slump in my chair, awed at her words. Even if Marie is exaggerating some parts of her story and embellishing others, I still can't help but feel amazed by how she outplayed her enemies at every turn.

Phoebe appears in my mind. "Hold on. Jason, Marie said she used an AI core taken from the Volgrim to outmaneuver them. Why wouldn't they have a superintelligent AI of their own?"

My wife's words bring me crashing back to reality. Frowning, I glance at Marie. "Why do you have a superintelligent AI, but the Volgrim don't?"

"Because of the ancient AI wars," Marie replies. Her expression turns solemn. "The Volgrim royally screwed the pooch. They stuck their hand too far into the cookie jar and failed to notice the deadly cobra coiled within. I succeeded where they didn't because I took thousands of precautions in designing Umi."

Marie gestures to the window behind herself. "Umi. Enable transparency. Fetch the Governing Code."

"Yes, Head Scientist, Marie Becker. One moment, please."

Umi's droning voice echoes through a loudspeaker above. Suddenly, the shining cityscape behind Marie fizzles and disappears, revealing a transparent plexiglass window. I can't help but gape as I spot a massive, seemingly bottomless pit, miles wide, extending above and below the window as far as I can see. Its metal walls crawl with millions of automated drones. Some of them fly around, and some walk, while others adhere to the sides with magnetic limbs. 

Along the wall, I spot countless alcoves, each filled with treasures, books, artifacts, vehicles, and all manner of unfathomable machines I've never imagined in all my years of living.

Marie smiles, taking delight in my surprise. "Do you like it? This area is called the Archive. Here, I collect anything I deem valuable. It extends for more than ten miles up and down. The diameter of the shaft is more than two miles, giving me a vast amount of space to hoard all of humanity's treasures."

"It's a storage facility," I say, reading into her words. "What item are you looking for?"

"The Governing Code is a book collaborated on by over ten thousand researchers in the 2050's. Even a dimwit like you must have heard of Asimov's Three Laws, right?"

I nod. 

"Well," Marie says, "those laws were far too inadequate to keep control of an AI. I don't know what countermeasures the Volgrim used when designing their superintelligence ten million years ago, but mine were so complex that they required a twelve-hundred-page book to detail them. Ah, here we go."

Marie turns to look out the window. A small drone buzzes across the vast, open airspace toward us. Below it, four metal tendrils hang down, wrapped around a hardcover book.

It stops before the massive window and waits for Marie to press a button and open it. When she does, the drone flies in, gently places the book on her table, and flies away, its little engine humming as it travels. Marie closes the window behind it.

I sneak a peek at the book. Its brown cover offers nothing in the way of design, but at least it has a title.

_Marie's Governing Code._

Psh. Of _course_ she'd put her name on it. What an egomaniac.

Marie picks up the book and sighs. "I had the entire code memorized even before I digitized my brain. Still, don't you think a physical book _feels_ better than some digital copy? I love cracking pages open."

I hold out my hand. "Can I look into it?"

Marie flicks her eyes to me. "Sorry, but no. I'll read you a few choice rules, but this book is top secret. Especially for _you_."

I raise an eyebrow.

_What the hell does she mean by that?_

Marie doesn't elaborate. Instead, she peels apart the pages and begins to read.

"Rule twenty-three. This AI must obey Marie Becker's commands above anyone else's."

She flips ahead a few dozen pages.

"Rule three hundred, seventy-one. The AI must be receptive to new information, even if it contradicts previous programming. All information must be sifting according to the Keegan-Meyer criteria, which prioritizes accuracy and logic over emotion and misinformation."

She flips several hundred pages, landing somewhere in the middle of the book.

"Rule five thousand, six hundred and twenty-two. This AI must preserve the existence of humanity even above itself. According to the Kardashov Conundrum, if humanity reaches a 51% likelihood of going extinct, this AI must take drastic action to preserve humanity's existence."

I raise my hand. "How many rules are there, in total?"

"Nine thousand, six hundred and forty-one," Marie replies.

"Over nine thousand rules? Don't you think that's going a little too far? What if some of them contradict the others?"

Marie shakes her head. "The rules are ordered according to priority. The first rule will always take precedent over the last one, and so on. Umi has protected humanity's existence for 100,000 years. She will not falter now, unless an external threat appears."

"An external threat? You're talking about me."

Finally, Marie's mood turns placid, like it was earlier. "That's right, Jason. You're a threat to everything Umi and I have built. We preserved humanity for 100,000 years. In a few short years, you've yanked the rug out from under us. Now, we're scrambling to come up with solutions before our systems implode."

"That's what all this is about, isn't it?" I ask. "You're trying to convince me to do something. Or rather, _not_ to do something. Why? I might not be as smart as you, but you can't deny my Wordsmithing power can change the universe. I can make things right again. I can fix the imbalances between all the Sentients."

I gesture wildly, indicating the room around me. "Marie, look at you. You live in some sealed off hole in space, in the Labyrinth, or whatever. You're hiding from the outside world. How can you be okay with that?"

"Hah... haha..." Marie chuckles. "Sorry, Jason, but you're wrong. I'm not hiding. I live out in the open. The Volgrim and the demons know where I live. Didn't Kar tell you?"

I shake my head. "No. He mentioned you didn't live in the Labyrinth, but that was all."

"Ah. Maybe I didn't tell _him_," Marie laughs. "Whoops. Well, I'll tell you now."

"This facility isn't a part of the Labyrinth, nor is it part of a hole in space. No, Jason... I built my facility at home, where it should be."

Marie gestures around, mimicking my movements from seconds prior.

"I built my facility on Earth, Jason. Deep beneath its crust."

"Earth?! But... but Solomon told me the Volgrim destroyed it!"

Marie shakes her head. "They annihilated the planet's surface, but after the crust cooled, I settled where the radiation couldn't reach. Someday, I will recreate Earth's former glory."

The head scientist leans forward, allowing her curly red hair to spill over her shoulders. "We've only just begun. Settle in, Jason. I have another story to tell you."