Part 353: Jason's Speech
Part 353: Jason's Speech

Jason and Phoebe take control of the million or so humans they accidentally teleported to the Tarus II Human Relocation Zone from the rest of Tarus II and the Core. The 'HRZ' acts as a population buffer, allowing them to figure out who all the humans they transferred to their capitol world are, what their allegiances might be, and how exactly they can classify these refugees for their own safety.

With Fiona having already messed up, Jason decides to salvage the Tarus native situation by first sending away the children, then assigning the adults in large groups to take control of all the large quadrants. With their distinctive T-REX's made visible, they manage to quickly pacify the humans teleported to Tarus II across all the galaxy.

It only takes thirty minutes to calm the crowds. Once Jason gets a firm grasp on the situation, he checks the numbers.

"Damn. So there are now about forty-seven million humans on Tarus II. That number is both huge and small at the same time."

Fiona nods. "We only had a million human survivors of Stormbringer. The newcomers we've brought to Tarus II outnumber the existing rebels forty-six to one. But at the same time, forty-seven million humans is still nothing compared to the demon population."

"In my era," Jason says, "Forty-seven million people was maybe the size of two or three large metropolitan cities. We're still a long way from humanity's former glory."

"It's a lot better than we've ever had before." Phoebe comments, as the two of them stand atop one of the towers overlooking the entire HRZ. "Now we just have to make sure these people are on the same page as us."

"Alright! It's your turn, Jason!" Fiona says, giving her husband a thumbs-up. "Go get 'em."

Jason nods. He utters a few words of power, causing angelic wings to sprout from his back. Then, he leaps off the tower and flies to a position right in the middle of the compound, more than three hundred feet above the ground.

The Wordsmith conjures a giant astral body of himself, one with a heavy and rich spiritual presence to draw as much attention to himself as possible, while also allowing those with bad vision to look up and make out his facial features.

"Hello, everyone." Jason says, his words magically translating into any languages the rescued humans might speak that differ from his own. "My name is Jason Hiro. I am the Wordsmith, and this generation's Hero."

His speech draws the attention of the crowd, causing hundreds and thousands and millions of people to look up into the sky and gasp audibly. Never have they seen such a spectacle before!

"What is a 'Hero,' you may ask?" Jason posits. "To put it simply, I am a human who was chosen by divine powers to restore the balance of our galaxy, to bring dignity to our people, and to ensure we no longer suffer under the heels of demonic oppressors. My unique powers allow me to stand up to even the scariest Demon Emperor and put them in their place. Even so, I am not omnipotent. I am not able to defeat all of demonkind by myself, nor should I. I am merely the one person capable of allowing all of _you_ to seize back that which should be yours."

Jason continues speaking. He spends several minutes explaining his plans and his goals, telling all of the people below him, both the Tarus natives, and the 46 million newcomers, what their role will be moving forward.

"I have brought you all here from bondage and slavery. No longer will any demons or monsters tell you what to do, hurt you, or mistreat you. If you choose to assist me, I will ensure you obtain the strength necessary to rid yourself of your shackles and become a warrior, a scientist, or even just a commoner living a decent life."

"In my ideal future, humans and demons will either learn to coexist, or we will live separately, no longer fighting among each other. Only in the worst case scenario will one of our species eradicate the other. I do not wish to spread genocide throughout the galaxy."

Every human watches and listens as Jason speaks. Even the slave children, saved through his magic, gaze at the mysterious and powerful figure in the sky with watery eyes, unsure what exactly is going on, but finding comfort in his strong words.

However, many of the newcomers don't look at Jason with appreciation or respect, but annoyance and agitation.

One of those people breaks the silence around him by shouting at the sky. "Liar! I was living just fine until you came along! I don't wanna be a part of your stinking war! The demons treated me just fine!"

Despite the man standing far away from Jason, amidst the vast crowd of people, and his voice not particularly standing out, Jason still turns to look in his general direction.

"Who spoke just now?" Jason asks.

Despite the man's anger, he falls silent, suddenly realizing that raising his voice may have painted a target on his back.

Jason realizes the man's awkward predicament. "There is no need to fear me. I will not hurt my fellow humans. I merely wish to know why you object to my words, and if I can clarify your doubts."

Mildly mollified by Jason's proclamation, the man raises his hand. "I-I said that! It was me!"

Jason nods. He hovers downward a little, bringing himself closer to the man, but making sure not to make brash or intimidating movements while his spiritual body still towers a hundred feet tall.

"What is your name, sir?" Jason asks.

"It's... it's Isaiah." The man says, his balding head and middle-aged appearance giving him the most ordinary of looks. "I don't... I don't want to fight in your war!"

Jason nods. "I understand. Let me ask, where did you live prior to arriving here, on this distant world?"

Isaiah presses his teeth together, feeling a little nervous about the questioning. "Th-the world of Sharmur, my lord."

"Sharmur." Jason repeats. He waits for a moment before nodding. "I see. That world belongs to the Hell of Isolation?"

Isaiah nods, but otherwise says nothing.

Jason glances around at the many thousands of other people in Isaiah's vicinity.

"Are all of you from Sharmur too? Raise your hands if you are."

In unison, more than two million people raise their hands, making Jason nod along once again.

"Thank you for speaking from your heart, Isaiah. That was courageous of you."

Jason levitates back into the sky, to the center of the HRZ.

"To Isaiah and the other people from the Hell of Isolation. If you truly wish to return to Sharmur, I will not stop you. According to my understanding, the Hells of Lust and Isolation treat the humans living among them decently. It makes sense you would not want to join my war, especially when you did quite well for yourselves as you were."

The Wordsmith shakes his head.

"But. You were not free. You are not free. You are still human chattel, in the end. Whether the Emperors of Isolation whipped or beat you, or if they did not, that does not determine your freedom. Look not at your bodies, but your minds. You are not allowed to advance in any meaningful way on Sharmur. You are not allowed to exercise your innate Terran creativity. You are not allowed to innovate technologies which would benefit you. You have to live stagnant, boring lives."

"Debauchery and sexuality are what drives the humans living among Lust and Isolation." Jason continues. "Those are not inherently bad pursuits. However, while you live decent lives of moderation, other humans wallow in agony. Demons beat and whip your fellow man. They tie humans to tables and cut off limbs, or main them, burn them, poison them... they cause horrific injuries to other humans, all while you live lives they can only dream of pursuing."

"It's sad." Jason murmurs. "Humans once ruled an entire world of our own. Demons feared us. They knew better than to do anything that would incur our wrath. Certainly, we fought, but we were relative equals who did not commit genocide against one or the other on a regular basis. We never enslaved the demons on a mass scale. We didn't commit mass war crimes just to amuse ourselves. And if we did, then I'll condemn anyone who joined in on those acts!"

"The point is," Jason concludes, "you are all a part of this war, whether you want to be or not. If you insist on returning to your worlds, I'll send you back. But know this: Your inaction will cost the lives of countless fellow men, women, and children. I would know. I lost my daughter because I tried to sit on the sidelines. If you make the same mistakes as me, how many of your children will perish?"

Jason shoots a pointed glance not only at Isaiah, but the woman beside him, and their two little boys. The family of four huddles together, listening with rapt attention to the Wordsmith's speech. Isaiah lowers his head in shame, feeling somewhat 'small' after hearing the Wordsmith's proclamation.

The Wordsmith turns a little in midair to look at a different section of the refugees, continuing to hover through the magical energy of his angelic wings.

"My people will go through and take a voting tally among all of you. If you don't want to participate in this war, then so be it. I will return you to wherever you came from. If you do, however, you will receive accommodations, a decent house to live in, food, and a life without abuse. You will learn of the magic humanity commands, and the methods we will eventually use to crush the demons and make them fear us as they once did."

"Humans are not weak. You have all grown up and lived lives believing the opposite, but look around you! Look at my fearsome warriors with their powerful suits of armor! Any one of them can match a Demon Lord. United, a hundred can match a Baron! Even a thousand can match a Duke! And while no number can currently match an Emperor... hehehe. That will not be the case forever."

Jason crooks a smile.

"The demons fear you. They fear me. They fear all of us. And they should! Humans are not weaklings. We are the most fearsome species in the whole galaxy! That is why they use our souls as food and our bodies as labor! They seek to humiliate us and break our spirits. But so long as we unite, we can force them to bow their heads and fear us once more!"

"Not for the sake of genocide." Jason explains. "But for a better future where humans and demons can stand together. One where we respect each other as equals, and perhaps even collaborate to improve each other's lots in life."

The Wordsmith raises his eyes to the shining sky above.

"Besides. If we do not someday learn to work together... the great Threat will come for all of us. It will kill us all, and no amount of regrets will save us."

A long pause follows as Jason allows the people beneath him to ruminate on his words.

He sweeps his eyes across the masses, causing them to lower their heads and close their eyes.

The countless rescued slaves eagerly look forward to any scraps he might give them. Compared to slaving under the demons, any improvement from their lot in life is desirable.

Some of the better treated slaves, or those who didn't suffer as badly, still look forward to joining the Wordsmith's cause.

And even among the humans from the Hell of Isolation and Lust, those who lived decent lives and who have better developed brains, they still follow along with Jason's logic, making them realize they could be doing so much better under him than under their former demon comrades.

Isaiah raises his head once more.

"My lord! I wish... I wish to join your cause! But first, I have a question."

Jason nods. "Go on."

"You state that we must face the demons in battle. I believe under your leadership, we may ultimately prevail. However! I have no animosity toward my friends from the Hell of Isolation. Will you force me to strike at them? If so, I cannot join you."

"That is an excellent question." Jason says, with a smile. "My understanding of the Hell of Isolation is that it doesn't involve itself in the matters of other demons. Therefore, if they remain neutral and do not join in on the attacks against humans, I promise not to hurt them. I seek the unification of humans and demons. But also, I intend to _purge_ the evil leaders corrupting demon society, as well. It will be up to you to decide whether you think your friends from the Hell of Isolation will stand against us."

"But." Jason adds. "If they do join in to attack us, I will not show them mercy. I can only hope they will take the path of peace and remember their friendship with people like you."

Isaiah nods slowly. His courage in speaking up causes others nearby to look at him with appreciation as he takes the risks onto himself.

"I see. Then in that case, I will pledge myself to your cause!"

Isaiah raises his fist in support of the Wordsmith!

Not long after, another man from the Hell of Isolation raises his fist.

"As will I!"

"And me, too!"

"So shall I!"

Men and women alike join in the chorus, their voices gradually increasing in numbers. As Jason watches, the vast majority of people he rescued raise their fists in support of joining his resistance. He smiles faintly, listening to the roar of humanity rising up to join his cause.

Only a small fraction don't end up joining in. Jason makes a note of these people, but does not blame them for their decision.

"Thank you, everyone. It takes courage to fight against the status quo. For too long, the demons have trampled on your lives, and your dignity. Some of you have chosen not to join me, and that is acceptable. I will send you back to your homes in a short time, and you may return to your lives. But, I would still ask you one last time to consider my offer. I will grant all those who return special magical artifacts. If you should choose to accept the call of your people, you will only need to activate your medallions to alert my people to your change of heart. We will welcome all humans with open arms!"

Jason concludes his speech shortly thereafter, flying away and diminishing his presence before landing atop the tower where his wives stand.

"That Isaiah fellow is interesting." Jason mutters. "Let's keep an eye on him. I bet he'd make for good officer material."

Phoebe nods. "Great speech, honey."

"I almost couldn't tell you improvised the whole thing." Fiona snarks. "Are you just a natural at speech-crafting?"

The Wordsmith shrugs. "I only spoke from the heart. More importantly, let's figure out how we can deal with all these people."

"I have a suggestion." Phoebe says. "Currently, a little under nine percent of the refugees seem to wish to return home. Let's detain them for a while for processing, while allowing them to roam in the main cities. Perhaps after seeing the marvels of our lifestyle, they'll change their minds and want to stay."

"Good idea." Jason says, smiling at his wife. He leans in to give her a kiss before noticing Fiona's look of annoyance. "You want a kiss too, honey?"

"Pft. Obviously." Fiona pouts. "Hurry up and make me a body. I'm tired of missing out!"

"Soon, I promise." Jason says, smiling lovingly at her.

He turns away to look back at the crowds below.

"Alright. Our people are more than capable of rounding up these newcomers. I'll leave it in the capable hands of our subordinates. Let's hurry up and get some soldiers back to reinforce the Core. Then... we can check the souls inside the Lazarus Tower."

Jason's voice raises an octave at the mention of the souls he stole from Mephisto.

"...She HAS to be there! I won't accept it otherwise!"

Phoebe nods solemnly. "We'll find Daisy, Jason. All souls have to pass through the River Styx before reaching the Great Beyond. There are only two reasons she wouldn't be there..."

A flicker of hatred passes across Jason's face.

"Either Beelzebub's attack annihilated her soul... or Mephisto already put her inside an undead body. If the latter, we won't be able to recover her with the Lazarus Tower. I'll have to scour all of the Seven Hells to find our little girl."

"She's alive." Fiona mutters. "I know she is. Our daughter is too strong to simply..."

Fiona trails off, leaving the implication to hang.

After a few minutes, Jason, Phoebe, and Fiona take their leave. They travel back to the Lazarus tower to search its two million souls not only for their daughter, but for the souls of other people they pray they will find.

At the same time, back inside the HRZ compounds, tens of thousands of experienced soldiers round up all the human refugees to conduct examinations and surveys of the people they've rescued.

Among them are two high ranking personnel: Corporal Hurent and Lieutenant Samuel.

The female Corporal sits at a table, with Samuel beside her. Five chairs sit across from them, allowing up to a family of five to take seats for their interviews.

"Names?" Hurent asks, directing her attention to a man, a woman, and their five year old daughter.

"My name is Richard." The man says. "This is my wife, Kathy, and our child, Stacy."

Hurent continues jotting down their information over the next several minutes, taking their words at face value. A more thorough investigation of all the people will come later, after every single refugee has had their identities uploaded into Centurion's databases.

Once she finishes with that family and they walk away, she turns to Samuel.

"Thoughts?"

"They seem clean." Samuel says. "The father was a little nervous, but I picked up a lot of excitement, too."

"Jason's speech was quite uplifting." Hurent says, with a smile. "It really warmed my heart."

"Yeah. It was a good line of bullshit." Samuel mutters. "Christ, do I hate speeches. They put me right to sleep."

Hurent gestures to a nearby trooper. "Next."

She and Samuel watch as a dark-skinned man, appearing to be about fifty years old, and his daughter, perhaps twenty, take a seat before them.

Samuel's eyes flicker as the examines the man's finely tailored suit, his muscular body, and his calm, collected eyes. Even the daughter appears lovely and well-taken care of. Her bright pink hair stands out from the people around her, making Samuel postulate several interesting possibilities.

"Names?" Hurent asks.

The father smiles, exposing his teeth.

"Benjamin Brown. And this is my daughter, Lily."

Hurent doesn't give the name much thought, and neither does Samuel, but he does keep a close watch on Benjamin's face as he talks.

"Place of origin?" Hurent asks.

Benjamin stares at her for a moment before slightly nodding.

"Hell Harbor."

Hurent, previously jotting down his information on a tablet in her hand, raises her head to meet his gaze.

"Oh? Hell Harbor?"

"That's right." Benjamin Brown says. "I have been... looking forward to meeting Jason Hiro."

"You know the Wordsmith?" Samuel asks.

"Where I come from, everyone knows Jason Hiro's illustrious name." Benjamin cooly says. "I'll cut straight to the point. Since I'm here, I want you to set up a meeting with the Wordsmith. Tell him... I know Ose's grand plan."

"You... know Ose?" Hurent asks.

"What sort of relationship do you have with our most hated enemy?" Samuel asks, narrowing his eyes to slits.

"Like most humans, I have been a prisoner of the demons for almost my entire life." Benjamin slowly explains. "But this is a unique opportunity. I can finally help my people break free of their shackles. It would be wonderful if we can unite to stop the demonic menace, once and for all."

"Well said!" Hurent exclaims, immediately warming up to Benjamin. "That's the line of thought that'll make you one of my comrades!"

Samuel smiles too, though his expression is noticeably less warm than Hurent's.

"I see. So it's like that. Then, by all means. I'll make sure the Wordsmith speaks to you as soon as possible, Sir Benjamin Brown. I do hope you're not lying, or the consequences would be... severe."

"No, no." Benjamin says, raising his palm. "I would never lie about such an important matter. Believe me, I want humanity to return to its rightful place in the galaxy just as much as you."

He laughs.

"Haha. Why, at one point, when I was much younger, I even fought against the demons! It would be nice if I could still do that, but I'm getting quite old. My body just isn't what it used to be."

"You fought against the demons?" Hurent repeats. "But... but how? When?"

"I'm much older than I look." Benjamin says. "Much, _much_ older."

He continues talking with the two officers for more than fifteen minutes. Eventually, Samuel waves over a subordinate.

"Take these two to the VIP area."

"Yes, sir!"

Benjamin and Lily stand up. As they turn to follow the trooper, Benjamin smiles at the two officers.

"Miss Hurent. Lovely speaking to you. And you as well, Mister Samuel."

"Have a great day!" Lily exclaims, waving cheerfully at them.

The father and daughter walk away, led by the soldier.

After they leave, Hurent leans back in her seat and sighs.

"Wow. I can't believe it. That Benjamin fellow is a cyborg, well over 100,000 years old. He actually fought against demonkind during the Energy Wars!"

Samuel purses his lips. "Yes. Impressive."

"Hm? Is something the matter?" Hurent asks, turning to scrutinize Samuel's face. "You seem upset."

"Not upset." Samuel says, slowly crossing his arms. "But concerned. That Benjamin... he's not as simple as he seems."

"Oh?" Hurent asks. "In what way?"

"Don't you think it's odd?" Samuel asks. "If we take Benjamin's words at face value, he killed Demon Emperors when he was younger. Yet, despite all of that, once demons pacified humanity, they not only let him live, but put him on their homeworld and let him live a luxurious life."

"He has a fighter's spirit." Hurent says. "Benjamin still hates the demons for what they did to humanity."

Samuel turns to look at her. His expression becomes indescribable.

"...I wonder about that."