Part 658: President Steven Johannesburg
Part 658: President Steven Johannesburg

_January 27th, 2021. 9 AM. Washington DC, USA. White House._

President Steven Johannesburg sat heavily in his luxurious black leather office chair behind the Resolute Desk, where many small stacks of papers sat arranged before him. He had only assumed office for a week, and already, his 'day one' campaign promises were knocking at the door. Unlike his two predecessors, he had sworn not to rule by Executive Order, so he had to do things the old fashioned way; by cold-calling Senators, House Representatives, and other high level lawmakers to try and push his agenda through.

It had only been seven days since January 20th, but he was already feeling that the next four years, possibly the next eight, would be the longest years of his life.

His wife, Jolene Johannesburg, stepped into the office. Her brown hair was in a prim and proper bun, and she wore a pressed blue suit with a cute hat. Her eyes sparkled in that way they always did when she looked at him.

"You're heading out?" Steven asked, sending her a tired smile.

"I have that meeting with Senator Woodram, remember? It's already nine, dear." Jolene said, walking over and giving him a kiss on the cheek. "I sent the boys over to the country club to mingle with their friends. They'll be back home around eight PM tonight."

"Oh, good, good." Steven said, kissing her back. "I'll see you later then, honey."

Jolene started to pull away, but then she hesitated and frowned.

"Steven, I know it's hectic, but you should take a break. You look awful."

"I have some golf planned with Governor Kratsky later." Steven replied.

"No, not golf. Golf is 'social work.' It's shmoozing. I mean you should take an eight-hour nap." Jolene said disapprovingly. "You could hide a cat inside those bags under your eyes."

Steven rubbed his eyes. "I'll nap when I'm dead, sweetheart."

"That's what your father always said, and look where that got him." Jolene grumbled. "See you later."

She stole out of the office, and Steven heaved a sigh. He sat down at his desk and tiredly looked over his itinerary.

"Sleep. Yeah. Wouldn't that be nice..." He mumbled to himself. "Christ, and I have a photoshoot with the local basketball team at noon. Is that really the best use of my time? Maybe I should ask Kelly to scrap it. No, that would make me look too dismissive. The press would eat me alive."

He licked his fingers, then flipped through several folders on his desk. One of the folders was labeled 'Marine Preservation Act 2022' and another was labeled 'Security Detail Review January 2021'. There were many of these papers scattered around, and all of them demanded some level of his attention.

After fifteen minutes, the phone on his desk rang. He flicked the speakerphone button.

"Yes, Kelly?"

A woman's voice spoke over the phone. "Mister President, your Secretary of Defense wants to meet with you. He has a visitor with him. He said something about a national security threat."

_What's that fat bastard up to now?_ Steven silently wondered, thinking of his Secretary of Defense, Chris Brisker. He was a relatively ugly and morbidly obese man, not particularly qualified for the job, but in order to win a couple key voter demographics, Steven had to bring Chris into his cabinet. He cringed at the thought.

"Yeah, alright, send them in, Kelly." Steven said, quickly rubbing his eyes to wake himself up.

After a few seconds, the door opened. Chris walked in and spread out his arms. "Hey, Steven! Good to see ya!"

"Yeah. Good to see you too." Steven replied, much more evenly.

His eyes strayed to Chris's left, where a thirty-something man with white hair was standing, holding a conspicuously large black briefcase. Oddly, he wore sunglasses despite being indoors.

"And this... suspicious looking fellow is...?" Steven asked, prodding his somewhat slow and dim-witted subordinate for info.

Chris nodded, causing his jowls to flap. "Oh, this guy here, he says his code name is Agent Silver. Works for the FBI."

"Not the FBI." Agent Silver said. "I work for a highly classified subdivision of the US Military. Mister Brisker, thank you for seeing me in. You may leave now."

Chris blinked. He frowned, not liking Silver's remark. "Hey, watch the tone, pal. You don't order me around."

"I outrank you." Silver said, barely even looking at him before walking over to the president's desk. He sat down without being offered, then paused for half a breath.

Steven looked at the man with the sunglasses. He felt there was something... strange about him.

"Chris, you can go. Thank you for bringing Silver in here." Steven said, smiling perfunctorily at the man.

"Well, alright then. I know when three's a crowd!" Chris said, in that whiney tone he always used when he wasn't getting what he wanted. Despite his ulterior motives, he still left the room and closed the door.

A few moments passed. Steven Johannesburg eyed the man calmly sitting across from his with several reservations.

"What branch of the military are you in?" Steven asked.

"No need to ask questions, Mister President." Agent Silver said, finally pulling down his glasses. When Steven saw the man's eyes, he was surprised. Even his irises were silver, like his hair. "I'm here to onboard you, now that your hectic first week has concluded."

"Onboard me." Steven repeated. "To what?"

Silver looked Steven in the eyes. He smiled, but there was no warmth in the expression.

"Now that you have assumed office over the most powerful military on Planet Earth, your true responsibilities have begun. I have many Truths to reveal to you, Truths which the average person and 99.9% of all high-level politicians are not privy to. As President, it is your job to keep these secrets under wraps. If any of them breathe out into the public consciousness, there is a very real chance of panic and chaos in the streets. President JFK made that mistake, and he paid the ultimate price for his actions."

Steven narrowed his eyes. "Are you threatening me?"

"Not me, personally." Agent Silver replied. "I am only a representative of a much greater force. As we speak, there is a secret war being waged across Earth. It is a silent war, one the media has been deliberately made blind to, covered up by innumerable powerful and ancient organizations. It is unfortunate that you and every other President had to assume office without knowing the full gravity of the situation you are undertaking, but past experiments have shown this is the only way to be sure."

"Be sure there are no leaks?" Steven asked, feeling a little unsettled.

"You're fast on the uptake. That will make this easier." Silver replied.

He paused.

"The American public, and the rest of humanity, are living under the assumption that you, the US President, are the leader of the free world. You are not. Put simply, you are the public face of an organization with roots far deeper what you can imagine."

Silver touched his chest. "My name is Agent Silver. That is not a code-name. It is my _actual_ name. I was born and raised by the Illuminati, and trained to be one of its most formidable Agents. I am not the only one of my rank, and there are others like me."

"The Illuminati..." President Johannesburg said skeptically.

"That's right. I know you might find it crazy, but my job is to inform you of the Truths to which you are ignorant. I am here to answer all your questions, once I have completed my basic summary."

And so, Agent Silver began to speak. He opened up the briefcase he brought with him, and started pulling out folders, case files, pictures, and all sorts of thumbdrives containing audio and video recordings of things Steven became increasingly alarmed by.

"This is a picture of him." Silver said, holding out a photo for Steven to look at. "Satan the Devil. He operates out of New York City, using a shell corporation named Legion. You've probably heard of it. They run commercials on FOX News."

"You're fucking kidding me." Steven softly exclaimed. "Satan? The Devil?? Are you out of your mind? This is the most ludicrous horseshit I've ever heard in my life!"

Silver nodded. "Every single President says that."

"No, no, don't you just sit there and nod your head like some wise sage!" Steven shouted. "This is actual insanity! A worldwide effort to cover up the existence of demons, angels, monsters, and all kinds of other shit? A perpetual war dating back tens of thousands of years, right back to the start of human history? All that, and nobody knows about it?! It's fundamentally impossible for nobody to know about this!"

"Mmm. You're misunderstanding something." Silver said, pursing his lips. "People _do_ know. You knew before I told you. Haven't you seen a movie with demons and angels in it? Read a book? Read the _Bible_? It's all out there. We keep the conspiracy in plain view. Through centuries of careful propagandizing, brainwashing, and manipulation of the masses, we've convinced people that demons, angels, and other 'mythical' figures are just that; figures of myth and legend. Demons sometimes walk in plain view nowadays and people think they're _cosplayers_. The conspiracy has been so successful that when people see something out of the ordinary, we don't even have to mind-wipe them. They just assume their brain screwed up for a moment, they shrug, and they forget what they saw."

He continued. "Sure, some people don't fall for the brainwashing. But we call them 'Truthers' and make them out to be crazies. Then when they start rabidly proclaiming that they _really_ saw a demon walking around, their own friends and family ostracize them. It's all very complex, and yet beautifully simple in how the system functions."

Steven stared blankly at his desk. His face had become ashen and lost its color. His tired eyes looked utterly haggard. Every word Silver said struck him like a bullet. He looked like he would tip over if someone touched his shoulders too hard.

"Why... tell me all this?" Steven asked. "Are you telling me that all _this_ is now my responsibility?"

Silver stayed quiet for a time. He allowed the silence to percolate, and for Steven's head to become clearer.

"No." Silver finally said. "This war is not your responsibility. Not exactly. If the people above you, the true rulers of humanity, say that the United States needs to engage in a military conflict, you must publicly comply with the order. You have no choice."

He continued. "What you are is the public face of humanity. A puppet, or perhaps a figurehead, if you prefer that term instead. Your job is to make the 'endless wars in the Middle East' more palatable for the voters. If necessary, you will take the fall when things go south, as they always inevitably do. This is not a war of extinction at present, but a war for supremacy. Humanity is slowly making great gains and winning over our demonic enemies. We need to maintain morale while keeping the public in the dark about what is truly going on."

Steven grabbed at his hair. "Silver, I am a _Democrat_. I ran on ending the wars! I came into this office with good intentions, but now you're telling me that I'll have to lie to the people with a straight face? I have to make up excuses for why the war can't be stopped?"

"The war is unending." Silver replied smoothly. "Syria one day, Iraq another, maybe even Canada tomorrow. We're lucky the largest concentration of demons hide in the barren wastelands of the Middle East, but they blend in to human populations too. They secretly take hostages without the people around them even knowing. If we don't fight back, their numbers will climb, and the balance of power may tilt out of our favor."

Steven blinked. "Then- wait, does that mean all the atrocities of the past were the fault of the demons? Nazi Germany? Mao? Stalin?"

"Not all, no." Silver said quietly. "Humans are sometimes even more horrible to each other than we are to the demons, or vice-versa."

"But the angels are our allies, right?" Steven asked.

Silver slowly shook his head. "They 'ally' with us. But they are not our friends. The angels are, in many ways, even more frightening than the demons. Every day, tens, even hundreds of thousands of humans die. Their bodies perish, but their souls are 'saved' and taken to Heaven, where they are processed and revived in new bodies. Those humans become half-angels, entities known as Lazarites. They are made into soldiers that fight for the angels, and their numbers increase all the time."

"The angels are just as opportunistic as the demons." Silver explained. "The progenitor of the Illuminati, the very first human Hero, his name was Jepthath the Illuminator. He was deceived by the angels, and the power that should have passed down his bloodline instead became a spiritual entity that attached itself to random humans across history. Because of Raphael's deception, humanity was weakened, but we still persevered. We endured, we adapted, and we overcame our adversities."

Silver smiled, and in that smile, Steven Johannesburg saw something that chilled him to his core. It was a fervent look of devotion; the eyes of a religious zealot!

He wasn't some calm and collected sage. He was a madman who believed only in human supremacy! He concealed his true thoughts behind a calm façade, but in that moment, Steven fully saw through it.

Even so, there was nothing he could do to change the situation.

Steven considered calling people to escort Silver out of his office, to banish this new false 'truth' from his eyes, but the evidence was overwhelming. Silver wasn't some quack making things up who managed to sneak into the White House and play a prank on the unsuspecting President. He was a genuine representative of a human supremacy movement fighting to maintain total control of the Earth for millennia.

The President lowered his head and closed his eyes. He sank into thought, uncertain of what he should do.

Everything he believed about becoming the most powerful man in America had fallen apart in an afternoon. His life's work had become a complete joke. His 'agenda' meant nothing. Even if he managed to push forward his vision for America's future, he would only do so at the behest of humanity's true rulers... if they were _kind enough_ to 'let him' do it.

"Let's... get back to the main topic." Steven said tiredly, lifting his head. "You've told me... all of this. So, what now?"

"Well, every day, our Metaphysical Response Units (MRUs) deal with countless demonic incidents, unbeknownst to you or the general public." Silver explained. "But practically the day you took office, something happened that none of our agents were expecting."

Silver tilted his head down slightly and gave Steven a knowing look out of the corner of his eye.

"A Hero was finally found, after decades of silence. Not just one, but two. Cat Mask and the Archseer. Humanity's greatest champion has returned, but there are two of them, now. A father and son. This changes the game completely. The demons were falling behind for the last several decades due to complacency. Humanity's armies are strong, but without a Hero to unite us, the demons stopped seeing us as a real threat. They thought they could play the long game and subsume our bases of power over time, but now they know the rules have changed."

Steven nodded. He wasn't an idiot. Now that he had carefully swallowed this complete reframing of the world and its working principles, he was slowly returning to his center of gravity. He was able to start mentally mapping out the way the demons would react based on his knowledge of how human leaders might.

"Demons are intelligent, right?" Steven asked. "They aren't mindless monsters? They have thoughts, feelings, desires like us?"

"That's right, Mister President." Silver answered. "They may have a hunger for human souls to empower themselves, but fundamentally the majority love food, sex, and wealth like you and me. That's why despite humanity not having a Hero, we were able to make big inroads in subduing them more peacefully in the past. We have many more cultural pieces that appeal to the demons, allowing us to pull some of them over to our side. Our efforts with the Hell of Isolation have borne especially sweet fruit."

"We can ally with the demons?" Steven asked. "That's an option?"

Silver grimaced. "The Illuminati... does not condone these actions. We detest them. There are other ancient organizations who foolishly believe that appeasing or befriending the other Sentients is a solid long-term plan, but my people fundamentally state these actions are pure folly."

Steven's eyes flashed. He suddenly realized the situation was not as Silver had presented it! Silver had made it seem as though the Illuminati ruled the world, but in actual fact, there were other ancient organizations.

That meant there were many different viewpoints. Competitors. Possible ways to make inroads with various powerful factions.

He finally saw a way out of the situation he thought he'd become trapped in! It wasn't that he had instantly been converted to a puppet, forced to serve the Illuminati, but that the Illuminati had reached him first to try and influence him to their side.

A sneer formed on Steven's lips. He realized he had almost been played.

"So... who are the _other_ ancient organizations?" Steven asked, giving Silver a long, meaningful stare.

Silver's heart skipped a beat. He suddenly realized he had screwed up, and the cat was out of the bag.

Even so, his momentary jolt of surprise vanished as quickly as it came. His facial expression never changed.

"I know what you're thinking, Mister President. You think that you can push your agenda through if you get the support of the other ancient organizations. You think you can pit us against each other. But to us, you're only a man who will be in office for half a decade, or less than a decade at most. You're not the first President to harbor such thoughts."

Silver continued. "The other organizations are too many and numerous to list in their entirety. The Illuminati is, without a doubt, the most powerful one. But the Knights Templar, Majestic 12, Freemasons, and the Bilderberg Group are among a few of the most powerful ones. You're probably familiar with Bilderburg, because they are the newest organization created after World War II who scout out ambitious and promising talents like yourself to assume roles in government. Their military power is minimal, but their social influence is high."

Silver cocked his head.

"Let's get one thing out of the way. The Illuminati aren't only the strongest because of our mission statement and military backbone. We also have the full support and current leadership of both Heroes walking the Earth. We take orders from Cat Mask and the Archseer. None of the other organizations have the Heroic Mandate that we do. They will never be able to suppress us, so don't go thinking you can weaponize them to suppress our voice."

Steven's eyes darkened. "Yeah? And what's stopping me from taking all this public? Telling the people the Truths you've been suppressing?"

Silver gave him a look like he was an idiot. "If you want to try, go ahead. Nobody would believe you. They'll call any evidence you show CGI or AI or some other thing. Anyone who believes you will become a conspiracy theorist. If you somehow succeed, we'll send the Men in Black to wipe a few memories. Countless special interests rely on the status quo being maintained."

"Fine." Steven said, his tone sullen.

He leaned his head back and stared up at the ceiling.

"Just tell me what I'm doing then, since I have no autonomy."

Silver's voice softened. "Mister President, just because this office isn't what you expected, that doesn't mean you have no power. You are still responsible for countless small domestic and foreign matters the Illuminati and other organizations are uninterested in. The President might not be able to weaponize much of America's finest, but you are still instrumental in human-human relations. You maintain America's role as the world leader, and you preserve our global hegemony. So long as you don't do anything stupid, like randomly slapping tariffs on all our allies, or starting an unsanctioned war in the Middle East, or using the office to enrich yourself and your allies while the public looks on in horror, or making a modern-day Gestapo to hunt down US citizens you don't like, that will never change."

Steven raised an eyebrow. "That seems highly specific."

"Just covering my bases." Silver replied.

The Agent waved his hand flippantly. "You are still a powerful man whose name will go down in history. By contrast, nobody will ever know of the work I do in the background. Enjoy the benefits of office, work to make a difference through those supposed small and inconsequential things, and you can make a tangibly positive impact on millions of lives."

That helped Steven feel a bit better. He quietly realized Silver was an exceptionally talented manipulator. From the very beginning, he had held the entire conversation in the palm of his hand.

"So... humanity's two newest Heroes. When will I meet them?" Steven asked.

"Sooner rather than later." Silver answered. "I can't give an exact date. They're sure to come visit you after they deal with other matters. Just remember, Mister President. These are legitimate superhumans we're talking about. They are insanely powerful. They can shatter buildings with their fists, fly, teleport, dodge or even tank bullets with their bodies... so if you piss them off, there's nothing we can do to protect you. Be on your best behavior. They are the true rulers of humanity, and their word is God's word."

Steven shuddered. "I'll... keep that in mind."

Agent Silver stood up, and Steven subconsciously stood up as well, feeling a sense of inferiority when he looked at the man before him. The President shook Silver's hand, and Silver left the office afterward.

Steven sat back in his chair. He spun around and stared out the giant windows behind himself, feeling gloomier than he had in ages.

"Demons. Angels. Monsters. Even living legends... Heroes. What in the fuck is this world I live in?"

After a few long, long minutes, he turned around, leaned forward, and hesitantly tapped a button on his phone.

"Kelly. Cancel my itinerary for today. Something's come up. Yes, everything."

He hung up the phone, then sank back into his chair.

He needed time to think, and to come to terms with his new reality.

"This changes everything." Steven muttered to himself.