Part 518: Captured Psions
Part 518: Captured Psions

Everything was going decently enough for Aspirator Raavul. She was teaching her class as she usually did, showing them how to slowly build their foundation as they worked steadily toward reaching the Second Invocation. But then, the Great Void Beasts attacked. Weaker than usual, they shouldn't have posed a threat.

She carefully monitored the situation, watching the battle outside from inside her classroom while assuaging her students' fears. It seemed a one-sided victory, and that the High Psions would easily deal with these stray Void Beasts.

But then her eyesight vanished. She woke up with a pitch-black fog covering her vision. Even her psionic senses became muted and ineffective.

Now, after three hours, she is becoming fearful and frustrated.

[Is anyone out there? Hello?]

Raavul tries to move, but her body remains immobilized, as if held in place by powerful clamps that prevent her from even so much as fidgeting. Despite being a ten thousand year old Psion who has seen many oddities and experienced plenty of scares, nothing in her past prepared her for this sudden and abrupt change in her life's situation.

She tries to reach out with her telepathy, but a thick mental wall blocks her senses, making her words fizzle into the darkness before her.

[Help! Proctor Landis! Anyone! Where am I?!]

...

Jason Hiro walks up and down the line of Psions placed inside Psio-Stasis Pods, inventions his mind-wife made for the sole purpose of capturing and immobilizing Psions so they won't be able to fight back or escape.

"Some of the weakest Psions, the youngest ones especially, are showing high levels of stress in their cerebral activity." Fiona says, as she walks up behind him. "I think we've given them a good enough scare."

This facility, built ten levels beneath Chrona's soil, serves as a holding facility for the captured Psions. Its dark grey walls keep the room from stressing Jason's eyes, even with plenty of lights illuminating the interior. But the walls also have a secret purpose in preventing psionic transmissions and other meta-activity from leaking out.

The First Wordsmith massages his chin. "You're sure the Psio-Suppressors will work?"

"I'm as sure as I can be without a real-world test." Fiona replies. "Let's put them on."

Jason and Fiona walk over to the pods. The Psions rest inside without a cover on the front, allowing the Wordsmith and his mind-wife to clamp collars made of Wordsmithium around each Psion's neck. These collars contain highly complex technological and magical internals designed to completely suppress nearly all psionic capabilities from their victims.

After ensuring each of the 101 Psions have been properly fitted and collared, Jason and Fiona take a step back, then sigh deeply.

"Alright." Jason says. "Let's start with the 3rd-Level Psion. If she can't use her abilities, none of the rest will be able to, either."

Fiona instantly transmits a command to Centurion through her neural connection to Chrona's network. The AI begins the wake-up procedure, allowing Aspirator Raavul to open her eyes.

Immediately, the Psion sits up, becoming alert much faster than Jason expected. She looks around the room and quickly assesses the situation, her eyes flicking across all of her comatose students. She then gazes at the two humans, assessing their identities with a hint of uncertainty.

[You! Who are you?] Raavul asks, her telepathic voice much weaker and feebler than she expected it to be.

"You don't recognize me?" Jason asks.

Raavul hesitates. She tries to inspect the entity in front of her, only managing to deduce that he is a male human, and the one beside him is a female human.

[...Should I?] Raavul asks.

"My name is Jason Hiro. I am the Wordsmith." Jason explains. "This is my wife, Fiona Hiro."

[The Wordsmith!] Raavul exclaims. [I had not seen a holo-image of your face, but I have heard your name. What are your intentions toward my students and I? Why have you captured us? Why am I unable to tap into my Psionic Seed?]

"Let's slow down on the questions." Jason says, holding up a hand. "First off, I'll explain the situation to you succinctly. I conjured fake Void Beasts to attack your fleet. I wanted to snap up some low-level Psions for experimentation purposes, and your Enclave was the ideal choice. Nice and weak, the Volgrim Empire probably won't miss you. I even made it look like the Void Beasts killed you, so they'll be unlikely to guess I was the culprit."

Raavul's stomach sinks upon hearing the Wordsmith's explanation. A deep sense of unease begins to make her feel skittish and vulnerable.

[You... are you planning to torture us...? Let my Enclave go. Wipe their memories if you must. I will do anything you ask. Just don't hurt my disciples!]

"Ah. I think I worded that poorly..." Jason says, realizing his mistake. "Let me correct myself. I don't want to keep you here by force. In fact, I'd prefer if you were all willing to stay here of your own accord. I'm not going to subject you to torturous experiments or anything crazy like that. I just... have a hunch."

Raavul glances at Fiona, searching for answers in her eyes. Then she looks back at Jason.

[A hunch. What is the meaning of this word? I contemplate, but I do not comprehend.]

"I meant to say I have a theory." Jason says, correcting himself once again. "I believe that I might be able... to unify the power of magic and psionics. It should be possible for humanity and the Volgrim to work together more closely. But frankly, I don't trust the Volgrim Empire as you are now, so I want to run these experiments in complete secrecy."

Raavul frowns. [You wish to enhance the psionics of myself and my students? Why? We are not talented in our Paths. I am only a low-level Aspirator. My students have barely begun their journey.]

"That's the thing." Jason explains. "I could have tried capturing a higher-ranked set of Psions, but that might damage your Empire's war effort. Likewise, maybe I could enhance your learning speed, or find ways to augment your potential so you can become much stronger over time. It would be best to start with Psions who have not yet forged a Path, along with a teacher capable of guiding them."

Raavul swallows heavily. She reaches up to scratch her neck, only for her fingers to poke against the collar suppressing her powers. Until now, she hadn't had the mental energy to even notice it, but upon realizing what it must be, her eyes turn dark.

[Then what is the meaning of this device?!] She asks accusatorily. [It restricts my psionic power! Why have you rendered me helpless?]

"Well, it should be obvious, right?" Jason asks back. "We didn't want you freaking out and attacking us before we could explain the situation."

Raavul doesn't appear convinced. [Then remove it now. I will not attack you.]

"I haven't received your answer yet." Jason retorts. "Are you willing to work with me? To help me merge magic with Psionics?"

Raavul starts to reply, but Fiona butts in. "Please keep in mind the state of your Empire, Miss Raavul. You are losing the war. We don't know how long your people have before everything you hold dear collapses and the Plague falls upon you, wiping out your population. And in the interests of self-preservation, once the Volgrim fall, humanity and the demons will fall too. It's in both our best interests to work together."

The Psion frowns. [How do you know my name? I never told you.]

"We investigated your identity, and that of all your students." Jason answers. "It's not that big a leap of logic."

For several seconds, Raavul doesn't reply. She gazes at both humans with a look of intense distrust, but also a tinge of misgiving. Fiona's words metaphorically burrow into her ears, making her doubt her future actions.

Should she work with these two strangers who have boldly kidnapped her?

Could this secretly be a plot to use her knowledge to destabilize the Volgrim Empire?

Might the Wordsmith have more nefarious intentions he hasn't mentioned?

Raavul shuffles her feet nervously. [What... what if I say I do not want to work with you? What will be my fate?]

Jason shrugs. "Then I'll mind-wipe you and send you back to the Volgrim Empire. You'll never know you were here."

[What? You lie. How could it be that easy after you went to such lengths to capture my Enclave?]

Raavul practically bores holes in Jason's head with her stare, but the Wordsmith doesn't seem bothered.

"Once again, you're laboring under a misconception, Miss Raavul. It wasn't much trouble for me to take your Enclave. I didn't do all that much research when I picked yours out. It was just a random stroke of Fate I chose yours. I could have picked any one of the Enclaves on the other ships. From my point of view, one group of 1st Level Psions is pretty much the same as any other. I'm just hoping to find Psions receptive to my goals. If you're going to fight against me the whole time, I'll send you back and look for an Enclave more receptive to my ambitions. I harbor no ill-will toward your Empire."

This time, Jason's words seem to have an effect. Raavul's glare softens a little. She looks at Fiona for confirmation. The Wordsmith's Wife merely nods along, affirming what Jason said.

[You are not trying to deceive me?] Raavul asks.

"I'm not. Do you have an answer now?" Jason asks.

Raavul's face shifts. She crinkles her nose and looks to the side, falling deep into thought.

[...I must withhold my answer for now. Do you intend to ask each of my students the same question?]

"Y-yeah." Jason answers. "Why?"

[I would like you to ask them first. If you cannot convince them, then I must politely decline. If they choose to stay with you, then so too shall I.]

Jason and Fiona shrug in unison.

"Sure. We can do that."

After making the preparations, Jason and Fiona pause to decide on whether or not they should talk to each student one at a time, or all at once. In the interests of expediency, they decide to speak to them as a collective group.

One by one, each young Psion awakens. They all climb out of their pods, much groggier and more confused than their teacher was; likely a testament to their youth and inexperience. Once they have all spotted their teacher and come to grips with the situation, they fall into a loose line in front of their pods to obediently listen to the Wordsmith's request.

One of the students, however, begins to shake with excitement. Hardly has Jason started telling them about how they can choose to opt-out before that student quickly raises his hand.

[Wordsmith! Wordsmith! I accept! I wish to join your cause!]

Jason coughs, not expecting the sudden and somewhat rude interruption. He turns to look at the red-and-blue Psion, a male whose colors melt together in a camouflage-like pattern, and smiles awkwardly.

"Uh. And you are?"

[Initiator Ferral!] The male shouts with a surprising amount of enthusiasm. [I am the progeny of Proctor Landis, a 5th-Level Psion whose name you no-doubt know!]

"Err, actually, I don't know the guy." Jason says. "But it's good you're interested. I'm a little confused though... what makes you so eager to join my cause?"

Ferral's face, despite lacking a mouth, seems to beam out a huge smile. [I have been so bored for so long, Wordsmith! You cannot fathom what a rotten and hollow mess the Volgrim Empire is! They expected me to train endlessly, without rest, all to achieve greater power! Then I would be sent out to fight in a war I had no part in starting! None of these things interest me. I would much rather go out and see the wonders of the cosmos! Gaze upon the different species in the Milky Way! Feast my psionic senses upon the glittering lights of the quasar cluster-]

[Ferral.] Raavul says grumpily. [Control yourself. You are embarrassing me.]

Ferral halts immediately, feeling chided by his teacher. His smile slips a little, but he maintains his enthusiasm.

[M-my apologies, Aspirator. Wordsmith, I stand by my convictions. I would like to join your cause. Even if everyone else here rejects your offer, I will not. I wish to see a better future for all of Volgrimkind.]

With Ferral's declaration out in the open, the other students start to take the Wordsmith's suggestion more seriously.

[Jason Hiro. My name is Initiator Dunal.] A blue-skinned male Psion says, his tone ponderous and slow. [I also wish to join your cause, but not for the same reasons as my fellow disciple. Rather, I do not believe I will be able to Uplift myself in time to make a difference in the ongoing war. It is likely the Plague will defeat my people before I have any chance of reaching the Third Invocation. For that reason, I desire to subject myself to your experiments, so long as it will give me the strength to fight for my Empire.]

Another Psion, a male with black skin dotted with flecks of white, steps forward. [My name is Initiator Tarim. I am of the same mind, Wordsmith. I wish to see my talents realized. My Path is unorthodox. I do not believe I will achieve much in the time left for my Empire. Allying with you might grant me the capabilities to realize my ambitions.]

Next comes a brown-skinned Psion. [My designation is Initiator Likron. I hope to rise to greater heights by following you, Wordsmith...]

Then comes half a dozen female Psions. Some more males, then females again.

One by one, each student stands up and agrees to go along with the Wordsmith's plans, surprising not only Jason and Fiona, but Aspirator Raavul as well.

Before long, every single disciple has spoken in favor of following Jason's goals. This allows their teacher to metaphorically breathe easier as she turns to face Jason.

[My students have made their choice, and so have I.] Aspirator Raavul states calmly. [I will join you and assist your goals of empowering my sub-species to the apex. Perhaps, through our efforts, we can forge a future wherein Volgrim and Human alike will not act as enemies, but as colleagues, comrades, and even friends. I only pray you will not betray our trust with acts of deception.]

"I will not." Jason vows solemnly. "**Release.**"

With a single Word of Power, Jason deactivates the collars on each of the Psions, allowing all of the 1st-Level disciples and their 3rd-Level teacher to breathe more easily as the suppressive forces holding them back fall to nothingness.

A tense moment follows as Jason waits to see if this was all just a ploy to make him lower his guard.

Luckily, none of the Psions lash out. They simply pull the collars off and rub their necks, relieved to walk freely.

"Well." Jason says. "I guess that's that, then. Who wants to have a look at your new home for the next however-many-years?"

[Me!] Ferral exclaims, always the first to oblige.

Jason chuckles good-naturedly at the young Psion. "How old are you anyway, kid?"

Ferral blushes slightly, causing the blue parts of his skin to redden. [Ah. I acted immaturely again. Forgive me, Wordsmith. I am but a mere two hundred and forty orbital cycles of age. I am truly young and foolish.]

Jason's eyes nearly pop out of his head. "What the f- you're _two hundred and forty_ years old?! What about the rest of you?!"

Initiator Dunal raises his hand. [Three hundred and seven orbital cycles.]

[Three hundred and seventy-four orbital cycles.] Initiator Tarim states.

[Four hundred and nine orbital cycles.] Initiator Likron adds.

One by one, each Psion answers with an age noticeably higher than Ferral, with Aspirator Raavul coming last.

[Twelve thousand, six hundred and forty-six orbital cycles.] Raavul states, looking at the Wordsmith with a knowing gaze. [Let me guess. Your age is... not as advanced as ours.]

Jason's expression darkens. He privately thinks to himself that he only hoped to wheel and deal with some young and inexperienced children, but he somehow forgot about how ridiculously old even a low-level Psion like Raavul should be.

"Uh. Yeah." Jason coughs. "Something like that."

[Do not fret too much. Our species is long-lived, but our perception of time is much faster than that of a mud-dweller.] Raavul says, finally feeling a bit better about her situation. [Your species' concept of 'generations' does not apply to mine, but I suppose you could consider me a 'young adult.' My disciples are still merely children in the eyes of our longer-lived seniors.]

"So what does that make your Founders?" Jason pokes. "Grandparents?"

Raavul blinks twice. [Wise.]

"Oookay, fair enough." Jason concludes. "Why don't you all come with me then, and I'll show you around?"

[I look forward to examining this strange realm.] Raavul says, as she tries to expand her senses beyond the confines of the Psio-Suppression Chamber, yet fails to detect anything beyond its boundaries. [My curiosity is... boundless.]