Part 253: Lazarus Tower
Part 253: Lazarus Tower

After resting my mind and body for half an hour, I finally manage to calm down from my near-death experience and settle my tumultuous emotions. I sit atop a hovering platform inside Camael's Cube, one which Phoebe built to control the great artifact. It magically links to the Cube's control systems, allowing me to pilot the Cube around the cosmos. A few miles away, the multi-pointed metal stars hover in the sky, staring at me with their central red irises.

Inside my Mind Realm, Phoebe sits on the edge of a pretty bubbling fountain, one that continuously recycles water through the statue of a cherub boy mounted on its top. The little angel pours a small but steady stream of water from a granite teacup, allowing the liquid to splash into the pool beneath him. Raphael and Gabriel stand a short distance away, while Michael remains inside his ring. As for Shana, Sir Lorent, and the Phoenix, they hang out elsewhere, leaving the 'important people' to discuss important matters.

After taking the time to explain what happened during my short jaunt on Tarus II, my mind-wife and the Archangels fall silent.

"So much happened in so little time," Phoebe says. "But with Tarus II under attack, we can't delay any longer. You need to return as soon as possible. My main body, our daughter, Samantha, and everyone else are all in grave danger."

I nod. "Yeah, but Camael's Cube will give me the firepower necessary to defuse the situation. With it currently flying through space thousands of lightyears from Tarus II, my mana will end up severely limited if I return home without it. I can't rip through the demon army like I did with the Volgrim."

Raphael clears his throat. "Ahem. Jason, if I may... art thou planning to kill any demons? Or, even with them currently murdering their way across thy world, shalt thou continue with thy soft-handed tactics?"

"I don't know Ose very well," I say, "but from what I've gathered, she's a highly intelligent strategist. She probably attacked knowing Hope and I weren't there, but given the preparation she's put into this assault, it isn't something she cooked up over a few hours. She's been planning it for six years. That means she's probably developed contingencies for my return. I can't assume my appearance there will immediately win humanity this battle."

"I agree," Phoebe says. "Ose already nearly took over your mind once. Back then, Solomon saved your behind. It's entirely possible she's come up with a new device or spell to take you out once you appear. You'll have to exercise extreme caution, especially now that she's personally fought you."

I frown. "Speaking of which. _Raphael._ You have some explaining to do."

The Archangel of Wisdom sighs. "With regards to Valac's Lantern, I presume?"

"That's right. The last time I saw it was during Solomon's visions. Catherine slew Valac by immolating herself, leaving only the lantern behind. What happened? Why didn't you destroy the damned thing?! It was an artifact left behind by one of the most evil soul manipulators among demonkind!"

Raphael winces. He and Gabriel share a meaningful look. After a moment, the old man rubs his forehead.

"'Twas my sister, Camael's, decision. After Catherine slew the Reaper, and after our people's resounding defeat in Heaven, a great many events occurred. Jepthath arrived in Heaven to extort us. He demanded artifacts from us, and we came to an agreement regarding an equivalent trade."

"What _sort_ of agreement?" I ask.

The Archangel of Wisdom spends a few minutes explaining to me the events regarding Jepthath's rise, as well as his appearance in Heaven. Shockingly, he even reveals his deception toward the first human Hero, a betrayal of sorts which ultimately created the Heroic Aura.

"You used the Dominion Rod to subtly alter Hercules' leftover power?! That's beyond twisted, Raphael!" I exclaim. "What the hell, man? Jepthath might have been a little heavy handed, but you were completely in the wrong! You created not only dragons, Titans, and demons, but humans as well, and all of them eventually turned against you! Every time you tell me about your past, I just get more and more disappointed with you! If you hadn't pulled a fast one on Jepthath, then his son, Aaron, would have retained Hercules' power. The boy could have eventually stamped out the demon menace, but because of your shortsightedness, we ended up with the current era's situation! Truly a genius tactical maneuver!"

Raphael lowers his head. "I know. I have... erred... too many times to count. Shame is all I feel."

"Well, that's just great. Maybe your shame can pop out sometime and help us win this war, eh?!"

I grumble to myself for a moment before returning to the conversation at hand.

"Never mind all that. What happened to Valac's Lantern? What did you do with it? I assume the angels were the ones who eventually recovered it, right?"

"We did," Raphael says. "At the time, we had lost the War in Heaven and only ten thousand of my brothers and sisters remained. 'Twas not more than a week before Jepthath showed up in Heaven with his demands. After he left, I remembered Catherine's sacrifice and proceeded toward her last known location, along with Camael and Michael. We only intended to confirm the Reaper's death and recover Catherine's body, but when we arrived, we discovered there was nothing left of our beloved sister but ashes. Catherine detonated her fiery powers to annihilate Valac, and in doing so, immolated every last bit of her existence."

The Archangel continues. "However, when we arrived, we found Valac's Lantern sitting upon a small pedestal in the center of the room. Michael and I became immediately shocked, fearing our enemy had survived. However, after some probing, we learned that the Reaper's aura had dissipated into the nether. I spoke to Camael about destroying his artifact, but as someone who lived and breathed for the sake of creating magical devices... my sister had a different idea."

"She wanted to use the Lantern to rebuild Heaven," Michael says. The Archangel of Courage suddenly materializes between the other two Archangels and Phoebe, jumping into the conversation rudely and without warning. "Verily, I spake to my sister with heated breath, warning her that we should immediately destroy the Reaper's soul-manipulation tool. However, she said that its power to absorb souls might be beneficial to us. Perhaps, by using it, we might have a way to rebuild Heaven's armies. Otherwise, in time, the humans, demons, or Titans would surely extinguish us."

"That sure sounds like a great idea, using the Grim Reaper's artifact to further your own goals," I say, trying not to sound too sarcastic. "How did that work out for you?"

"Well..." Raphael says, before pausing for a moment. "...We did not use the Lantern at all for many thousands of years. Camael determined how it functioned, but the plan she came up with had a cost we could not bear to pay."

"Our plan was to create more angels by using the souls of fallen humans," Gabriel says, speaking up for the first time since my return. "However, the problem was, we were unable to transform the souls of humans into pureblooded angels. Camael realized she required a 'transference medium' to connect humankind to angelkind. In this way, we could convert human souls into half-blooded angels. They would not possess most of our formidable might, but we could still bolster our ranks."

Phoebe's expression becomes crestfallen. She stares at Gabriel with her mouth agape. "You... you were going to use soul manipulation to save your hides?! Of all the hypocritical... no, never mind. What does it matter, anyway? You angels were all soul manipulators from the beginning anyway! I suppose all your posturing about the evils of soul manipulation were nothing more than a means to ease your guilty consciences."

Raphael, Michael, and Gabriel all fall silent.

Slowly, the eldest Archangel nods.

"Thy words cause my heart to ache with grief. Nevertheless, thou art correct. I am a soul manipulator, as are all of the other Archangels. Even if I erased their memories, it does not take away from the fact they once stole the souls of their brothers and sisters to bolster their own power. Still, my caution towards soul manipulation is far from invalid. What I have said regarding its dangers are neither incorrect nor the mere ravings of a stark mad hypocrite. Those who manipulate souls inevitably suffer terrible fates. All of the angels perished, along with those demons and Titans who followed in our footsteps. Satan died, as well as Valac, Hercules, and countless others. Those who do not immediately fall into damnation will often doom the ones they love. Such is the great karmic cycle of the Creator's will."

"Yeah, yeah, save the self-pity for someone who cares," I hiss. "Did you end up using the Lantern or not?"

"We did," Raphael answers. "But as I said... unleashing its power came at a great cost. Michael's life, to be exact."

Michael snorts. "'Twas a price I was willing to pay. In hindsight, my sacrifice was one which only delayed my people's demise. Even so, I would repeat that choice if offered it again."

"Camael created a vast spell array," Raphael explains, "one which encircled the entire Earth. This array required thousands of years of preparation. In order to bind humanity's fate to that of my people, we needed a method to craft angelic bodies for fallen souls, to place those souls inside of the bodies, and to gift them the power of Heaven. Valac's Lantern and Camael's array only satisfied two of those condition. Michael's sacrifice fulfilled the final requirement."

"Michael gave up his life, and so, his sacrifice enabled the final piece of the Lazarus project. We bound together humanity's destiny with our own, and in doing so, created a new class of angelic warriors, ones we named the Lazarites."

It takes me a moment to comprehend Raphael's deeper meaning.

"Hold on. Lazarites? Does this have anything to do with the Lazarus Tower? The one you and Solomon mentioned previously?"

"That very same tower, aye," Raphael says, nodding. "We built a grand obelisk in the center of Heaven. At the top of this structure, there was a beacon of pure mana, one which we ignited with the fires of Michael's body. Beneath the tower, deep within Heaven's Soil, we placed Valac's Lantern. When a human perished, their soul would not dissipate and travel to the Great Beyond. Instead, the soul would drift toward Heaven's dimension, adjacent to Earth. Upon entering, their soul would fall into Valac's Lantern, then get drawn upward, through the Lazarus Tower. After traveling through hundreds of magical arrays, that soul would be reborn inside an angelic body, a half-blood nearly identical to the rest of the angels. Then, they would become far mightier than they ever were in life. In this way, the Lazarites formed the core fighting force of angelkind's army. The stronger humanity became, the more my people grew."

"Other than the soul manipulation and using a cursed demonic artifact, that wasn't actually a bad idea," I say, trying not to roll my eyes. "But given how Mephisto has Valac's Lantern now... I'm going to go out on a limb here and assume the demons recovered it from your 'Lazarus Tower.'"

"They did," Gabriel says, his expression neutral. "Thou may thanketh Mephisto for that feat. My first encounter with the Duke of Mist came earlier in his life, when he was known among the demons as the Baron of the Aether. Mephisto stole into Heaven through a manner most conniving. He traveled underground, using his ghostly, ethereal form to slip beneath the Lazarus Tower. Before we could react, he stole away Valac's Lantern, destroying the Lazarite resurrection process as well. Later, he and Satan worked together to create what you now call the 'Labyrinth.'"

Phoebe sucks in a breath. "Gah! Wait, does that not mean... the River Styx, is it somehow connected to Valac's Lantern?!"

"Aye," Gabriel answers. "Thy guess is correct. The reason human souls fall into the River Styx is because the river itself comes from Valac's Lantern. The demon who controls that wretched river is none other than Mephisto, the Necromancer who succeeded Valac in spirit. While the demons do not refine human souls into new forms, as my people did, they also do not have any use for such an effect. Demons merely stockpile the souls of deceased humans and feed upon those souls to empower themselves."

I slowly rub my face while contemplating these new revelations. "Why didn't any of you mention this sooner? Destroying Valac's Lantern should be my highest priority!"

Raphael shakes his head. "While doing so might help you in some small way, it will not make much of a difference in annihilating demonkind. Even if the River Styx were to disappear tomorrow, the demons would still have countless other ways to rip the souls out of humans. Valac's Lantern is merely the most convenient method Mephisto uses to stockpile and divvy out souls to the lower-ranked demons."

"Even if destroying Valac's Lantern won't cripple the demons, I should still do it on principle," I say. "Right now, anyone who dies will end up as food for some damned demon! That's not something I can allow. The only thing worse than my wife or friends dying would be if their souls ended up inside a demon, tortured for the rest of eternity! At least the Great Beyond is a place where they won't suffer!"

"Presumably," Phoebe says, her voice soft as a feather. "But don't say such things. Right now, I'm terribly worried about Daisy. I have this... this bad feeling in my heart. I don't want to sit here and blabber all day with her safety in the air."

The realization that my mind-wife is the same as ever, still caring about our daughter, warms my heart. At the same time, her words worry me. I spoke to Daisy not even an hour ago, but a lot could change in that hour. I don't know how the situation has progressed on Tarus II.

"You're right," I say, standing up. I glance at the control panel for Camael's Cube, a simple magic device Phoebe crafted via my Wordsmithing. It takes the shape of a magical orb hovering above a bowl-shaped container, one which I can place my hands on and manipulate with my thoughts. "We can't just sit around yapping all day. We need a plan. What is my quickest and most efficient way to defeat the demons? Preferably without spilling blood."

"Once the Cube arrives, you'll have enough mana to backhand the demons to oblivion," Phoebe says. "But that will take several more days. I'm not entirely sure how fast the Cube is moving, nor how far we are from Tarus II, but I _think_ we'll have a week before it reaches the system's outskirts. Until then, if you return to Tarus II, you'll have to rely on your normal reserves."

"That will have to work!" I say, sighing to myself. "I still have a couple dozen mana beads stockpiled. Each one will refill my mana to full. I am the Wordsmith, the Hero, the savior of humanity. I must return, no matter what! Everyone is depending on me."

"Alright. So, to take care of the demons... you could try immobilizing their entire army," Phoebe suggests. "Maybe you could return them to the Labyrinth and seal off Tarus II from the Warpers. Hero City's Environmental Shield will only prevent spatial teleportation inside the city, not the rest of the world."

"I can't blanket the entire planet with an anti-spatial field," I say. "Not for long, anyway. Only an hour at most. It would require the power of all my mana beads, too."

Michael crosses his arms. He leans against a statue of some human philosopher and chuckles. "Perhaps thou shoulds't set aside thy morality and look at the bigger picture, Wordsmith. Thy desire to avoid bloodshed may seem kind on the surface, but for every demon thou dost not slayeth, they will go on to butcher at least another three humans. By refusing to kill demons, thou art instead murdering thy own people! Instead of trying to save every life, thou must mature and realize that sometimes, bloodshed is inevitable. Think of Samson. He became a fallen Hero, someone hellbent on revenge toward an innocent person; thy beloved wife! Shoulds't thou have allowed that man to murder thy mate, or dost thou understand that thy actions were just?"

Michael digs into my heart, his every word making me deeply uncomfortable. I don't immediately reply, because deep down, I feel as if he might be right.

I killed Samson. He wasn't a demon, but a human like me. My actions were made in defense of my mind-wife, but I was also protecting myself. Should I offer my neck to those who wish to lop off my head? No! Of course not.

Therefore, it stands to reason that I can't keep going on forever not killing demons. Already, countless humans and demons have fallen since our enemies attacked Tarus II. Whether I kill demons or someone else does, blood will flow.

By failing to take action action, am I not establishing myself as a coward?!

...

After debating internally, I slowly nod.

"...Yeah. I think you're right, Michael."

The Archangel of Courage blinks in surprise. "Hm? Thou... dost believeth my words?"

"I do. For too long, I've stood on the sidelines and tried to be a Mister Nice Guy. I've tried mediating, compromising, and reconciling. No matter what I've done, the demons never gave, and always took. I'm sick and tired of playing nice with them."

Slowly, I raise my eyes upward, toward the golden void within Camael's Cube. The skies above me appear as clear as a placid lake, yet even so, I can't see the distant walls, countless hundreds and thousands of miles away.

"I don't even know why I've always tried to avoid bloodshed. Maybe it's because of how I grew up. I lived in a world seemingly devoid of real conflict. Wars were always distant affairs fought against countries with names I could barely pronounce. My life was never at risk. The only threat to my existence came from sheer boredom. However, all of that changed when I entered the cryopod. Ever since I awoke inside the Labyrinth, I have suffered immeasurable pain. I've had my body shattered, my spirit crushed, and my heart broken. I've lost many friends to the demons. I've even suffered a few betrayals. Despite those twists of fate, I always tried to 'turn the other cheek,' as if I were still living in my birth era."

"Perhaps I was naive. Perhaps I was misguided."

"Looking back, I could have avoided a lot of trouble by acting a bit more ruthlessly. There's no way for me to change the past, so I can only reform my views for the future."

I sigh.

"From now on... if I must kill, then I will do so. I've already slain Samson. My hands are stained with blood. There's no point trying to play the role of a saint, not anymore."

Michael, Raphael, and Gabriel all nod in unison.

"Well said," Raphael mutters.

"Aye," Gabriel says. "I am not one who loves war. However, I will never stay my blade if it means protecting my family. Violence may seem to be a barbaric, evil way of resolving enmity, but in the end, sometimes violence is thy only choice."

"It's kill or be killed," Michael adds. "Either thy people will destroy the demons, or the demons shall annihilate thy resistance and enslave thy comrades forever. Do not hold back any longer, Hero. Play the role destiny has made for thee."

Phoebe nods. "You already know my position, Jason. I was once like you. I used to think violence was, in itself, an act of evil. However, after living 100,000 years as Bahamut's puppet, my opinions shifted. Now, I believe differently. I would rather die a fighter striving for freedom than live forever as someone else's toy. I just hope you don't have to suffer for 100,000 years like I did to learn that same lesson."

My wife's words tinge my mind with guilt. There are so many times when we've spoken that I never thought about her past, or what it meant to live as a mindless, monstrous being for one hundred millennia. It's only at times like this, when she specifically mentions that painful history, that I think about how much she's suffered.

"I won't let you down, Phoebe."

She smiles. "Good. Then get ready. We'll check the star coordinates, ensure the Cube is headed in the right direction, and ready ourselves to return to Tarus II. The sooner, the better."

"Let's get back to Daisy," I reply. "We've got some demon butt to kick."