Rosalia slowly cracked open the mahogany doors to his luxurious inner chamber. After poking her head around the corner, she whispered, "M-Mister Beelzebub? Are you in here?"

Everything hurt. He clutched the wound at his side, pressing the cloth covered in a styptic agent against it. Black energy still leaked from the open sore through the fabric and his fingers. "I am."

The door creaked slightly as she cautiously entered the room. Her curly brown hair, a different color from the black that most demons possessed, made her already piggish face that much more unattractive. She was a short demoness, shaped like three balls of dirt smashed together. Still, as a Lord, he was lucky to have an appointed servant. It was a symbol of his rising status in the eyes of the Dukes and Emperor. Only a few Lords stood above him, and soon he might join the ranks of the Barons and Dukes.

But... after today, he had to confess that he didn't feel ready yet. He needed more soul energy.

Rosalia gasped. "M-mister Beelzebub! What happened?!"

She quickly shuffled over to him, wiggling her tubby jowls as she gasped for air. Devils. There were many attractive servants available for the Barons and Dukes, but the Council had to assign the ugliest ogre possible to him. Fate was a cruel mistress.

"I'm fine, Rosalia. However, my suit jacket is stained with blood. I expect you to have it cleaned and scrubbed within the hour, and a new one in my claws by tomorrow morning."

She nodded quickly but barely took her eyes off his side. "You must have been in quite a battle! How did it-"

"That's none of your business, insignificant wench." He bit the words off, but as usual, she didn't even flinch at his scathing words. Pathetic. She had taken so much abuse during her life that insults didn't faze her anymore. No self-respect. "What happened was a matter for the Dukes and Emperors, not for an unevolved servant."

Her hand brushed against his jacket, still stained crimson from his injury. "Goodness! The Council assigned you a Duke-level task? I'm thrilled! You deserve it, Mister Beelzebub!"

His nostrils flared slightly, in spite of himself. "Hmm, yes, well, that much is true. I held my own against the she-whore. I'm sure the Dukes were impressed by my courage and resilience in the face of such a foe."

Rosalia slid onto the bed beside him and pulled his hand away from the wound, pressing hers against the cloth. "Oh, it sounds wonderful! I'm certain you were the envy of all the other Lords! Won't you tell me what happened? I won't tell anyone, no matter how secret the information is! Not unless you give me the okay! If you do, I'll make sure everyone knows about your dastardly feats!"

Damn. This flabby fiend knew how to soothe his irritation. He smirked slightly. "Of course, it was a trifle. Hardly anything worth bragging about. Any other Lord might have balked in the face of danger, but when I was ordered to stand courageously against the Black Witch, I did my duty and fought back. She may have killed Emperor Satan, but I gave her a taste of the power of fire."

Rosalia murmured something under her breath, made a hand sign, and touched the flesh above the festering boil. Immediately, some of his pain drained away. She was an amateur healer, hardly anything to write home about, but at this point, he would take anything to soothe the icy chill. The Blood Pits would cost too much for a single night of recuperation, let alone what was needed to expedite the healing of this injury.

"I imagine so, Mister Beelzebub, and when you-"

"It's _Lord_ Beelzebub, Rosalia. How many times must I correct you?"

She continued, ignoring his interruption. "...When you stood up against the Bark Witch, I'm sure she trembled in the face of your flames. How did the fight go?"

He sighed, not bothering to correct her inability to remember names. _This female cared little for social niceties. That was why she would never rise above the position of an ugly servant._

"Well, if you must know, I'll regale you with the tale."

"Are your muscles tired, Mister Beelzebub? I can massage them if you like."

"What? No. Keep the physical contact to a minimum, you lecherous troll."

She smiled far too sweetly. "As you wish!"

---

_Many hours earlier._

A Warper demon opened up a portal, and the four of them quickly stepped through. A moment later, the Warper stepped through as well, closing the hole in space behind himself. It would take several hours for his energy to recharge so he could open another one.

The walls of the Labyrinth had always felt comforting to him. Perhaps it was because he had grown up in the comfort of the seemingly infinite maze, but whenever he stepped onto an Outer World, one with greens, reds, blues, and the rest of the rainbow, he always felt a little nervous. The wind too- it got to him. He didn't like the constant sensation of something invisible caressing his body at unexpected moments.

He knew from the few times he had reluctantly left the Labyrinth that they were on a 'Planet,' which was a gigantic round sphere with vegetation, water, clouds, and a bunch of other whimsical niceties. Agares, Barbatos, and Mephisto hadn't the slightest concern about being outside the Labyrinth, given they used to live on the homeworld, Earth, at one point. Agares wouldn't tell him much about it, but what he had said indicated it was about as pleasant as this dried up husk.

His eyes swiveled down to the grass. A slight bit of confusion passed over his face. "Is it the off-season? The grass appears distinctly dry and brown."

Agares shakily knelt and rustled the dead vegetation with his hand. "Mmm. Odd. I recall that this planet's seasons are a little irregular, but not to this level. It's quite warm out, too."

Mephisto sniffed the air. "I sssmell death. Warper, how far are we from the flesshbag settlement?"

The Warper pointed to a tree-line less than a mile away. "The largest village lies over there, Duke of Mist. There are several others scattered within a ten-mile radius, but the population of this planet is only about a million."

"Tch," he muttered. "I thought we didn't allow these vermin to grow their societies to such levels."

Agares chuckled softly. "Heh. The Overlords ensure that the most intelligent humans are picked off. We needn't worry about them developing new technology."

He looked at his mentor questioningly. "Overlords?"

The Eldest Demon paled as if he had said something he shouldn't. Barbatos's metal armor ground as he turned to glower at Agares. "Watch your mouth, Duke of Reptiles."

Agares shivered under the cold glare from the Duke of Steel. He quickly dabbed at his forehead with his sleeve. "Oh, oh, right. Silly me. Drop the subject, boy."

He would rather not risk his neck. He had heard Agares mention the Overlords once or twice before, but he never went beyond that. Just who the devil were they? Demons of higher authority than the Emperors?

He didn't get a chance to ask, not that he would try in front of Barbatos. Mephisto hissed; a sharp sound like molten metal dropped into water. "Kss... I ssshall travel ahead to the village and interrogate the flesshbags... Let'sss meet up there."

True to his title, Mephisto made a few hand signs, and a moment later, his cloaked form evaporated into the air as he transformed into his Mist-Body Form. He sailed away against the wind, reminding him of Vampires and how they could explode into a horde of bats to move from place to place. Well, Vampires didn't exist anymore, but Agares had mentioned them in passing once or twice.

Agares moaned. "Ohh, I'd rather go a little slower anyway. When you're my age, simply walking around can be exhausting. And this dry, cracked grass makes for uneven footing too!"

He forced himself not to roll his eyes. The Duke of Reptiles always made a big fuss about his supposed age, but Emperor Diablo was practically the same age. He wondered why the other Dukes and Emperors put up with his charades?

---

It took thirty painful minutes for them to slowly stroll across the plains. He was beginning to call Agares the _Duke of Turtles_ in his mind. He never liked to hurry anywhere, and it drove him crazy.

The Warper stayed behind since he might die if he came with them. If the Black Witch was on this planet, as rumors suggested, then losing their only means of returning to the Labyrinth could prove a fatal mistake. Naturally, Diablo would send a search party to recover them, but that could take a month, depending on how lazy the son of a gargoyle he was.

They entered the tree-line, and after shoving some dead, brown plants out of their way, each of which cracked and fell apart at the stems, they arrived in the human village.

Thatched hut structures with mud walls elevated half a foot off the ground protected the buildings from rainfall and minor flooding. He knew little of the weather on this planet, but what he did know was that rain was an unpleasant feeling. Droplets of water ripped from large bodies of water and dumped onto the mainland by uncontrollable outside forces made him uncomfortable. Water belonged under the ground, not in the air.

Mephisto's mist-form rippled in the wind. He materialized in midair, landing on the ground in a crouch. He noted with interest that he was breathing heavily. His Mist-Body Form must consume a lot of energy.

"Ksss... not a sssingle flesshbag anywhere in sssight. I found blood here and there, but no bodiesss... sssomething took the corpsesss and left."

Agares inhaled sharply. "That settles it. The Black Witch must be here somewhere. How many humans lived in this village?"

"Ten thousssand at the mossst." Mephisto's teeth chattered. "Sssome may have fled. We ssshould check the nearby areasss."

"No need," Barbatos said. His metallic voice caused everyone, including him, to flinch. "There. Black Witch." He pointed to the east, through the tree-line.

Mephisto followed the Duke of Steel's finger. "No flesshbags live that way. Are you sssure?"

Barbatos leaned forward just the slightest bit and glared at Mephisto, making the Duke of Mist cower in fear. "**Yes.**"

Agares yawned, pretending not to care about Barbatos's power-play, nor the venom in his voice. "Very well, then. Let's get this over with."

The four of them made their way in the direction Barbatos indicated, and he nudged Agares as they walked. "Mentor, you don't appear alarmed at all. Weren't you saying earlier that the Black Witch is the deadliest enemy we may ever face? How can you be so calm in the face of danger?"

Agares didn't answer for a long minute. When he did, he started with a long, drawn-out sigh. "Haaah... young one... I have never been as frightened in my entire life as I am right now. Even were Belial, Diablo, and Bael beside the four of us, I expect we would still lose a fight against the Black Witch. However, I've long since accepted that death might come for me someday. Sometimes, you have to prepare yourself for the inevitable."

Mephisto, walking in the lead, glanced back at the old bat. "We mussst ssstand ssstrong againssst thisss menace. Do not falter. Be like Barbatosss, who never ssshowsss fear."

He nodded. "Mephisto is right. If we don't keep our cool, we may embolden the little rat. Morale will be key at this point. I'm glad Barbatos is here as a reminder of demonic power."

From behind him, the Duke of Steel's helmet ground against his armor as he looked up into the midday sun.

"No. I am afraid too."

His reply made him realize they might not leave in one piece.

A rustling noise made everyone pause several minutes later. He hadn't spotted a single bug, let alone an animal on the planet since they had arrived.

"La la la..." Singing, like that of a matured woman, whispered from the trees up ahead.

The four of them froze in place as her singing drew closer. He couldn't speak for the Dukes, but his body wouldn't move. Obviously, he wasn't scared of a little girl, or a woman, or whatever the devil she was. But if he wasn't, then why wouldn't his body move?!

The foliage parted before them, and a tall, slender woman strode forward, her blue sundress pressing against her body in many lustful ways. The effect wasn't intentional, given her dress looked too small for her. It appeared to be child-sized, and had ripped at the sides, exposing a large amount of her skin.

Somehow, the Black Witch had rapidly aged since he had last seen her. He had heard of magic that could alter a demon's appearance, but her situation was different. She squirmed slightly, rubbing her breasts as she stepped out of the tree-line.

"My, my. Four big, strong men, here to manhandle a poor, defenseless woman like me? Wipe the drool off your face, boys."

Her voice was alluring, sexual in nature, somewhat like a succubus. The tiny dress clinging to her body looked like it could pop off and leave her exposed at any moment. His eyes meandered lower of their own accord, and it was at this moment that he noticed the patches of differently colored blood all over her dress, arms, and legs. Human filth covered her body.

Agares coughed into his fist. "Black Witch, it seems you did come to this world, after all. Where are the humans that lived here?"

The woman yawned and rubbed her eye with a hand still crusted in blood. "Black Witch? Oh, _Agares_, I thought we were on a first-name basis, you deceitful grandpa. Can't you call me, Amelia? Or, since I've surpassed my old power, how about... Black Queen? I think it's a better name for my position."

The old man twisted his cane slightly as he tightened his grip on it. "You've... transcended? How?"

"Hah!" Amelia lilted her voice menacingly and pulled a black orb from her pouch. He remembered seeing it in her hand before, but he didn't know what it was. "If you had attacked me when we first met, you might have been able to defeat me all on your own! Unfortunately for you, I've already consumed most of the morsels on this planet. You're too late to stop me."

Mephisto took a step to the side, eyeing her warily. "Imposssible... there are a million flesshbags here... to consssume that many would be..."

He trailed off, and the female yawned again, this time rubbing her jaw. "Oh, it was exhausting, I assure you. I'm ready for a thousand-year catnap while I digest all those souls... but I guess you thought you'd take me out before it was too late, hm?"

Agares' voice cracked noticeably. "N-no! Certainly not, Black W-, err, Black Queen! We merely came to discuss your future in the Labyrinth, and a possible collaboration between yourself and my people."

"Cooperation?" The human took two steps toward them, causing Mephisto to shrink back slightly. "Like a treaty? You want me to leave you alone, so you don't have to fight me. Is that it?"

The Duke of Reptiles grimaced. "When you put it that way..."

"I knew I wasn't far from the mark. Well, the only problem is that a treaty doesn't benefit me. Perhaps if you agree to hand over half the human worlds under your control, I'll consider accepting."

"H-half?!" Mephisto sputtered. "You want half of the flesshbag worldsss?! Ridiculousss! The River Ssstyx will run dry in a week if-"

"Silence, Duke of Mist." Agares held his hand up to silence his junior. "I am the ranking Duke here. It is my task to consider her request."

He balked visibly. "You can't be seriously considering..."

Agares ground his teeth together. "C-come, now, Black Queen. Surely you can be more reasonable? The humans you've consumed haven't entered the river at all! We'd have noticed a million new souls by now. If we give you half of the human worlds..."

"Ah, hah hah hah..." She laughed creepily. "You thought I was serious? I assumed you'd understand my jokes by now, old man."

Agares sighed. "Seven Devils... if those aren't your terms for peace, then what are? Please... I am old. My heart can't take-"

"I want all of the human worlds." 

Amelia's eyes darkened as she took a step forward. 

"Every single one. You thought I'd let you off with only half? I haven't forgotten that you left me to rot in that statue."

Ice crept through his veins. Agares opened his mouth to speak, but it took a few attempts before he could reply. "B-buh.. but... we tried! Joan's magic prevented the statue from breaking! It... it couldn't..."

While he faltered, a horrible shriek filled the air, and a dark form appeared in his thoughts. Judging by how the other three recoiled away from Amelia at the same time, they must have seen it too. A black shadow, hateful, filled with dark power and assuming the form of a shrouded human, materialized in his mind's eye. 

"**Liars. Every last one of you. I stayed in my Queen's grasp while she wept in silence for a hundred thousand years! Not one demon came within ten feet of her stone prison. You left her imprisoned, and you hoped she would stay that way.**"

Metal crunched together as Barbatos clenched his fist. "Blaarjiim. Dark God."

"Servant of evil," Agares muttered. "I forgot about that damned orb."

Amelia's tongue snaked out of her mouth as she wet her ruby-red lips. "Mmm, you forgot many things. How about it, then? Give me all of the human worlds, and I'll spare you. Life or death, it's an easy choice."

"Blackheart, the witch liesss," Mephisto hissed. "If we let her consssume all of humanity, nothing will ssstop her."

"That's adorable," the woman snarked. "If you wanted to stop me, you should have brought along the Emperors. The four of you haven't a chance."

He had known his mentor for a few thousand years. He had seen many emotions on his face. He could tell what he was thinking much of the time. His eyes blinked hard and fast, and cold sweat dripped down his brow. _I can't give up the human worlds,_ his face read. _We'll die if we fight her now! But then, that'll happen if we fight her later, too!_

Shakily, Agares dropped his cane to the ground. "If this is what I must do... then... I will die protecting my children."

In a flash, Barbatos motioned with his hands, and a gigantic sword, perhaps ten feet tall, materialized in midair and landed in his grasp. The center of its hilt featured a monstrous, lizard-like eye that jerked around wildly, while the curved blade was sharp enough to cut through iron. The black and red sword oozed power and locked his eyes to it, as if it was going to rip the soul from his body if he looked away. It appeared to be a fusion of two ancient weapons, coalescing into a one-ton blade of incredible striking power.

Mephisto summoned an aetherial knife and crouched low to the ground. "It'sss a fight to the death, then!"

"Pupil, take your leave. Send word to Diablo. We need everyone here. Everyone!" Agares made a motion with his hands, and his body began shifting. Scales formed along his arms, and his face turned green. The teeth in his mouth transformed into sharp, white, crocodilian flesh-renders. His robe tore apart in the back. He lowered into a four-legged crouch and a scaled tail sprouted from the base of his spine.

"No. I'll stay here and fight, teacher. I'll-"

A voice whispered in his ear. "Listen to papa, little shit."

_The Black Queen! She was right next to- GUHK!_

A horrific pain exploded in his left side as she plunged her hand into his ribs, then lightly battered him with her other hand.

The world went black.

---

His head swam. A moment passed. Perhaps an hour. He could barely think. What happened?

The sound of a woman cackling maniacally jerked him back to his senses. He stiffened and tried to sit up, but his neck was killing him. 

A minute later, he pulled himself together, realizing the Black Queen must have punched him damn near a hundred feet away. Blood and dark energy poured from a wound at his side. He quickly summoned the power of fire and blasted his gut, searing the laceration shut.

After pulling himself together, he gaped for a moment. The three Dukes didn't look at him once. They couldn't.

The three of them jerked their heads erratically as they tried to follow the woman's movements. She zipped around like an imp after drinking too much Ganja Juice, attacking all three of them at impossible speeds. Without using a weapon, she swung her hand at Mephisto and passed through him harmlessly, but the air from her attack blew him back and knocked him off his footing. By the time he recovered, she had already moved on to his teacher, Agares. 

His reptilian form had always been a closely guarded secret. He had only shown it to him a few times during their mock battles. Even so, he had never seen him exert as much strength as he was right now.

Agares parried some of Amelia's attacks but tried to absorb others by tanking them with his scales. He wasn't nearly fast enough to follow her movements, and she delivered a punch with explosive force to his face, sending him tumbling into a tree to his right.

While the first two Dukes tried to recover, Barbatos lunged forward and grabbed her hair with his hand, then slammed her into the ground. He was stunned by how fast the steel giant could move. An instant later, he raised his gigantic sword and chopped down with it.

In one spectacular move, it was over. Barbatos cleaved the Black Queen in half.

_Ah, no! He didn't!_

The sword ripped from Barbatos's grasp and careened fifty feet away, slamming into the ground with enough force to make the planet shake. Whatever deflected it moved too quickly for his eyes to follow.

"Not good enough!" the Black Queen cackled. She batted Barbatos's palm away, leaped into a handstand, and kicked him in the chest. Fortunately, even with her immense strength, it barely nudged him. He didn't react as the shockwave from her kick shook the trees in the forest.

A moment later, something unsettling happened. Barbatos's sword screeched like a rabid animal, and four thin, stick-like legs sprouted from the handle. It pulled itself from the ground, and skittered toward the Duke of Steel, then leaped into his outstretched palm, retracting its legs in the process.

_The blade was alive?! What demonic inventor created something so vile?_

"Dangerous. Death. No holding back. Brother. I am sorry." 

Barbatos petted the sword for a moment before raising it into the air. From the heavens above, a bolt of lightning shot down and struck the tip, careening down the weapon until it electrified his armor. Barbatos howled in rage, and he lunged at the human as sparks of electricity exploded from his chest.

The look of confusion on Amelia's face as she jumped back was comical. Barbatos swung his sword ten times faster than he did before, and she barely ducked in time. For a split second, he saw her head cleave in two, but it was only a hallucination caused by his poor battle experience. The blade sent an arc of wind out that leveled the forest up ahead, chopping fifty trees down. 

Before the damn things could even begin to fall, Barbatos used his free hand to form a fist, and a wave of wind surged from his body, sending the Black Queen tumbling away. She righted herself in midair, then dashed to her side, only to yelp in surprise as Mephisto materialized and swung his knife. He missed, but cut some of her long, black hair off, sending it fluttering to the ground.

The tables turned quickly. Agares leaped back into the fray, roaring angrily and spitting a blob of venom at the woman. She ducked it, only for Mephisto to knee her in the teeth.

They could do this. They could beat the Black Queen.

He readied himself to lob some fire into the fray, but perhaps sensing his movements, Barbatos held a palm up in his direction. "Leave. This fight is far from over."

The Duke of Steel dashed forward and swiped the open palm he pointed at him into the female's stomach, slapping her with the strength of a hundred minotaurs. Air erupted from her mouth as she flew through three trees and crashed into the foliage a short distance away.

He didn't see what the problem was. The human had been bluffing! She had a few surprises at first, but even a million souls weren't enough to compare to the power of the mightiest Dukes in the Labyrinth!

"Kah... kah... h-hitting a defenseless woman..." Amelia spat blood on the ground and glared daggers at Barbatos. "You're not like the others. What the hell are you? There's more than demon blood running through your veins."

Agares didn't smile as the three dukes slowly surrounded her. "Barbatos broke a rule and consumed the essence of an Archangel. What should have killed him turned him into our mightiest warrior. You'd do well to give up now."

"As if!" She lunged at Agares, but before she could reach him, Barbatos grabbed one of her legs, tossed her into the air, and swung the flat side of his sword down and against her body. 

_WHUMP_. 

With a single motion, Barbatos pounded the pathetic little female into the ground. The sound of every bone of her body breaking at once was the most satisfying thing he had ever heard in his life.

"You did it..."

The words escaped his lips without thinking. This time, the Dukes didn't correct him.

Agares growled. "She lied about her power. Of course. Cut her into pieces, Mephisto. Hurry. She might still be able to heal-"

"Kah... Hah..." A choked laugh escaped the woman's throat. "Haha..."

Mephisto reared his knives in the air. "Thisss will teach you to laugh!"

Before he could stab down, the Black Queen's body vanished. Mephisto stumbled and jammed his knives into the dirt. "What?!"

Several moments passed.

A male voice spoke up from behind a tree. "Hello, chums."

He didn't know who it was, but immediately Agares and Mephisto's eyes widened in terror. Their former cockiness vanished.

"Abhorrent wretch! Putrid worm! Whore of the damned!" Agares screamed profanities angrily as he stared into the darkness at someone unseen. "Y-you... you dare blaspheme the dead?!"

The male voice continued speaking. "Blasphemy is something them chickens thought up, Agares. Why not say hello to an old friend?"

Barbatos took three steps back. "Master... how..."

Mephisto vanished, and a moment later appeared at his side. "We told you to leave! Go! Ssseal this world! Leave usss behind! GET OUT!"

The terror on his face was unlike anything he had seen. He nodded dumbly and quickly tripped over himself as he stumbled away. While fleeing, he caught a glimpse of red skin behind a bush. A demon unfamiliar to him emerged from the forest to face the Dukes.

"I'm sorry it had to come to this, old chums. Mind control. Reanimation. You know how it is."

The last thing he heard as he fled was the defeat in Agares' voice. "Yes, master. We know. Do not blame yourself."

---

A voice stirred him from his thoughts. "Mister Beelzebub? Hello?" "Are you okay?"

He blinked. "What? Where am I?"

"At home, Mister Beelzebub. You trailed off a few minutes ago. Won't you finish telling me what happened?"

He glanced up at the fat, loathsome face of his servant. Her eyes betrayed the emptiness in her brain; an inability to comprehend the evils and dangers of the world around them. He couldn't help but hate everything she represented, not just in those beneath him, but in himself during the battle. 

_He had thought he could make a difference in a clash between Titans? Disgusting. He was inferior to the Dukes._

_And they... they were inferior to the Black Queen._

"Where did I stop talking?"

Rosalia tapped her lips and bobbed her head for a minute. "You said your teacher, Master Agares, was morphing into a hellhound. What happened next?"

"A hellhound? I said that?"

He spent a few moments debating the merits of killing this idiot woman and begging for a new servant. Then again, with his luck, the next would be twice as stupid and three times as ugly.

"Never mind. I blasted the Black Queen with my flames, and then I left after I weakened her. She didn't stand a chance against my might. The end. Happy?"

Rosalia nodded giddily. "Oh yes, Mister Beelzebub! I knew you were incredible! You always have the best stories! I hope someday you get to rule as First Emperor!"

He smiled in spite of himself. "First Emperor? Well, that's- I mean, anything's possible, but it's a bit of a pipe dream."

_Hah... First Emperor... what a funny joke. He had barely managed to keep it together and tell Diablo what was happening. Compared to the vicious animals he had seen fighting the Black Queen, he had a long way to go._

_Training. He would need to train and devote himself to the unholy flames if he expected to overcome his weaknesses. He just... he hoped the Dukes made it out alive._

_Agares... mentor. He wished to surpass him one day. Survive. Don't let that wicked whore beat him._