Bael flopped on the floor of the destroyed Hell Harbor Annex. Having recently demorphed from his Balrog form, the Duke of Pain was sapped dry of all his energy. He groaned. "Aaaooo... I'm dead inside. You guys go on without me. I can't move a muscle."

Ose glanced from him to the remaining demons — Barbatos, whose body was now controlled by his brother, Artorias, as well as Mephisto and himself. 

Not ten minutes ago, Ose had fought for his life against Uriel and eked out a win. Now the body she possessed stood across from him, as much of an ally as if it were Barbatos himself.

It amused Ose how quickly the tides of battle could shift.

Artorias touched his chest. "My apologies, Emperor Ose. I was unable to stand against the Archangel. I could only watch as she continued her bloodthirsty rampage."

"Don't blame yourself. Until your brother wakes up, I expect you to take care of his body." Ose brushed his long hair back and walked over to a nearby data terminal. Despite the fact Uriel destroyed its screen, he could still access its data. He touched his hand to the monitor and sent a pulse of electricity into it, powering it up. A moment later, his mind interfaced with the machine.

Ose located the one he was looking for: a Baron named Orias. His current location showed up as a bright-red dot somewhere within the Labyrinth.

With his free hand, Ose wove a magic sign and transmitted his mind into the machine, leaving his body to stand behind like a robot on autopilot. He traveled through the magic pathways across the barrier sealing Hell Harbor from Hell itself and through a thousand miles of the Labyrinth until he reached his target.

His astral form popped into existence at the Baron of the Stars' right side. "Orias. It's Ose."

Orias sat on the ground with a series of gems spread out before himself. Each one was huge, nearly the size of Ose's fist. Rubies, Diamonds, and Aquamarines mixed to create a beautiful array of colors from every part of the rainbow. The Baron of the Stars polished them quietly, using his fingernails to carve them down to the perfect size for his magic.

When Ose spoke, Orias tilted his head slightly to glance up at him. The giant, multicolored gem embedded in his forehead shined even in the dim lighting, giving him a calm, regal appearance.

"Ose. You don't appear alarmed. Can I assume you've defeated the Archangel, or will you need my help?"

Ose shook his head. "No, you're fine. I only came to swap information. We defeated Uriel, as you expected."

The white-haired Baron smiled at him. His eyes reflected the tranquility of an ancient demon, one even older than Ose himself. Having awakened alongside Satan and the other Emperors during the Ancient Era, his knowledge of demonkind's history touched back to their first moments of cognizance.

He was not worried about Uriel, nor was he ever.

"Good, I'm glad to hear that," Orias said, returning his attention to the aquamarine gem in his grasp. He continued gliding his nail across its surface, scraping it down to a perfectly symmetrical shape. "I thought I might have to dig into my hoard for once. Too bad. It's been ages since I saw any action."

A hint of guilt passed through Ose's mind. "Sorry. In terms of seniority, rather than me, you should have been the next in line to become an Emperor."

"No, no, we need someone with bright, intelligent eyes like yours to guide us," Orias said, never taking his eyes off the gem in his hand. As he manipulated the beautiful blue jewel, Ose caught a glimpse of the various gemstones embedded in his wrist and arm when his sleeve retracted for a moment. Unlike the other demons, Orias lacked any innate magical energy. However, by pulling power from minerals dug from planets, he gained incredible abilities far outstripping those of similarly-ranked demons. Ose could only wonder how powerful he might become if he were to reach the level of Emperor.

"Sigh... I'm too old to be anyone's leader. I'm glad you've decided to take over in Diablo's stead. He'd want that."

Orias paused.

"That reminds me. Now that I know you were successful, I can call off the reinforcements from the Hidden Alcoves. I'm sure they were feeling incredibly tense, wondering if you would succeed or not."

Orias reached to his left, where a small heap of tiny, randomly assorted gems rested. He plucked a black onyx gem from the pile, crushed it in his palm, and closed his eyes. A faint burst of energy leaped out of his body, dispersed a few feet above his head, and traveled in several dozen directions simultaneously.

Ose watched as Orias completed his magic ritual. Once he finished, Ose cleared his throat. "I did have a small task to ask of you if you can find the time. I'd like to know how many demons Uriel slew during her latest appearance. If you'd be so kind as to gather the numbers for me..."

"Naturally," Orias said, smiling. He returned his attention to the aquamarine gem in his hand. "You need only ask, Emperor Ose."

"That's what I like about you," Ose said, turning away from the Baron of Stars. "Your straightforwardness."

With a motion of his hands, his astral body vanished. A moment later, he reappeared in his original form, inhaling reflexively. "Orias is going to count the casualties for us. I'm returning to the Labyrinth to search for survivors. Mephisto... if you're looking for corpses, you should come with me."

The Duke of Mist rubbed his bony fingers together. "Yesss, I mussst replenisssh my ghoulsss."

"Fantastic. That's the go-getter spirit I'm looking for." Ose rolled his eyes. "Bael, you stay here. You won't be any help."

"Damn straight," Bael grunted back. "I need to nap for a few months. Going Balrog twice in a row is tiring."

"You poor thing," Ose said, before beckoning to Artorias. "You're going to help me clean up Uriel's mess. Come along."

"I wanna go, too!" A chubby demon girl jumped out from behind a rock. "I have to find Mister Beelzebub!"

"Who are you? Never mind, I remember. You know Beelzebub is dead, right?"

"No, he can't be! Mister Beelzebub can regenerate from anything!" The girl ran over and grabbed Bael's shoulder. He groaned in pain, but she ignored him. "Remember? You crushed his head a bunch of times, but he kept coming back!"

Bael weakly swiped at her hand. "Urgh... no touchy... my body hurts. Anyway, sure, that kid can live through anything, but I doubt he'll return this time."

"Nnn!!" The girl kicked Bael's foot, which made the big lunk howl in pain. "I'll show you! Mister Beelzebub is the bestest demon ever!"

Ose sighed. _I'm surrounded by idiots._ Ose thought.

..

A few minutes later, Artorias wove several complex magic signs, and they stepped through his portal into a realm of pure darkness.

"Where is this place?"

Ose asked the question to nobody in particular. A massive void in all directions, and a floor charred black by a terrific explosion was all he could see in the darkness all around them. He shot a bolt of electricity into the distance, and it fizzled out before it could hit a wall.

Artorias replied. "We're in the Labyrinth."

"Surely you jest. The Labyrinth has no wide-open spaces like this anywhere. The Slaughterseum is the closest, and this empty expanse dwarfs it."

The chubby young demoness stumbled over a loose rock and banged her knee. "Oww."

Ose was no fan of the darkness. Using his inner electricity, he transformed his skin into an electric current, brightening the area around them. Despite his luminescence, they still couldn't see anything but the floor. No walls or ceiling appeared even if Ose squinted.

Mephisto craned his neck to look in all directions. "Ssso much for corpsssesss. All that isss left isss asssh and dussst."

The Duke of Mist slid over and nudged a block of coal with his foot. "Forget sssurvivorsss. We'll be lucky to find a few ssscattered bonesss."

"Now now, let's not lose our optimism," Ose said dryly, though he knew Mephisto was right. "Start poking around. Everyone go in different directions and-"

Suddenly, in the distance, a terrific _BANG_ startled Ose. A momentary flash of light made him jerk his head to the right. "What the hell was that?"

The sound of footsteps pattering away caught his attention. He could barely make out the plump demoness, Rosalia, running into the darkness.

"Where are you going?" Ose asked.

She didn't answer, which annoyed him. She'd probably get herself killed if that was an enemy. Maybe he should let her die. Survival of the fittest was his life philosophy, after all.

Artorias raised a hand. "Do not worry. I will protect her."

"You will?"

Instead of answering him, the Duke wove a magic sigil with his hands, turning his body into a light-form, not unlike Ose's electricity. He walked after Rosalia while illuminating the darkness. "Rosalia. Stop. Don't run off on your own."

Hearing Uriel speaking through Barbatos's body was unnerving. Her voice dripped with poison. But Artorias was more talkative than his brother and yet much more solemn than the Archangel. Ose didn't know if he'd grow used to it anytime soon.

Mephisto looked at Ose. "I'll go thisss way." He trudged in the opposite direction. Ose wondered to himself if he'd hit a wall before Artorias and Rosalia did.

As for himself, Ose transformed into pure lightning and jumped into the sky. It barely took him a split second to reach the ceiling and adhere to it, but when he did, he instantly calculated the maximum reach of the explosion. Beelzebub's detonation had created a four-mile in diameter crater, obliterating everything within its radius.

Ose zipped over to a wall at the far end and then to the opposite side to confirm. His calculations proved correct.

The distant sound of a male screaming at the top of his lungs turned Ose's blood from electric to ice. He transmitted to the source and arrived right as a small explosion detonated, knocking him back and stunning him.

When Ose wiped the spots from his eyes, he saw a disgusting creature rolling on the ground. Several arms and legs extended from its body in all directions, and its head was misshapen and disgusting. After a moment, Ose came to the shocking realization that it was none other than Beelzebub himself. He only recognized him by his voice as he screamed in pain. "Aaahhhh!!!! Aaauuughhhh!!"

Every few seconds, Beelzebub grew a new limb and detonated one of the others, blowing the body part to pieces and sending blood and innards all over the place. The stench of rotting and burned innards churned Ose's stomach.

"B-Beelzebub! What's wrong with you?"

He didn't answer, and instead only continued to scream and wail. "Gahahaaaughhhh!!"

Rosalia came into view, along with Artorias. Artorias recoiled in disgust at Beelzebub's pitiful condition, but Rosalia moved in fearlessly. "Mister Beelzebub! I knew you'd be-"

"Stay back!" Ose warned her. "He keeps spontaneously exploding! I think he's lost control of his powers."

As he said that, one of Beelzebub's legs exploded even more intensely than the other limbs before it. Rosalia yelped, but Artorias formed a wall of light to protect her from the blast.

Beelzebub continued to flail about helplessly. Rosalia pressed against Artorias's wall. "Mister Beelzebub! Get ahold of yourself! You're not supposed to scream and cry! It isn't like you!"

"The Duke isn't himself," Ose said, taking a step back. "Don't get too close. He's in hysterics. What happened?"

Artorias walked up behind Rosalia and stared uneasily at Beelzebub. "Spawn of the Devil. Give me a moment. I'll do my best to help ease this child's pain."

Before Ose could ask _how_ Artorias planned to pull that off, the Duke took three steps toward Beelzebub and shrugged off another explosion. He grabbed one of the Duke's bloody arms and winced. Immediately, Beelzebub went limp and breathed softly for a few moments as he wheezed for breath.

Rosalia leaned down beside Artorias. "What's wrong with him? Is Mister Beelzebub going to be alright?"

Artorias wiped sweat from his chest. His breathing appeared noticeably more labored. "A-aye. He... should be fine. I'm absorbing his pain into myself. He... he can't control his body right now since his mind is suffering. I don't mind a little extra pain if it helps him."

Rosalia nodded and leaned in to look at Beelzebub. For the first time, Ose noticed an odd emotion in her eyes. Something very _un-demonlike_. Love.

Ose could be wrong, of course, but Rosalia looked at Beelzebub with more adoration than any mere servant should. It was revolting. He turned away and gazed into the darkness. 

_Love is a human characteristic. Demons shouldn't experience it. All it does is weaken the giver and strengthen the recipient. Demons care only about themselves. It's what makes them strong, and humans weak. Supporting another demon instead of one's self is antithetical to their identity._ Ose thought.

Disgusting. Ah, well, at least Rosalia's sentiments were directed toward a fellow demon, and not a filthy human. _That_ would be where Ose drew the line.

A smile stretched across Ose's face. 

_I should bar humans and demons from romanticizing one another. Then, when Belial inevitably breaks my rule, I'll sentence her to death. Now that would be a delicious twist of fate._ Ose thought.

"Ose. Emperor Ose!" Artorias yelled, interrupting his thoughts. 

Ose turned back to the group of three. "What?"

"I stabilized Beelzebub's condition. However, we need to get him to the Healing Chambers. His body and mind have lost their resonance. It will take him several days to fully recover."

"Fine, fine. Do what you must. I'll continue searching for other survivors. Let me know if his condition worsens."

Artorias stared at Ose. "I doubt it could get worse than this."

Nodding, Ose pivoted on his heel and strode into the darkness.

Several minutes passed. Ose found a piece of flesh and a few scattered bones, but the chance of finding survivors other than Beelzebub diminished every step he took. Eventually, he reached the edge of the crater. Several tunnels that used to connect to the weapon factory lined the wall. Ose didn't immediately recognize which ones went where.

A buzzing sensation in the back of Ose's head drew his attention. He closed his eyes and connected to the microchip he'd implanted in his brain dozens of millennia ago. It was a unique device that allowed him to use various computer terminals scattered around the Labyrinth remotely, even when in the Reality Dimension.

Several images appeared in his head. One of them made his heart catch. The face of a human appeared. Ose didn't recognize him.

Whoever he was, he was trying to access files regarding the Overlords. How would he know about those? Ah, it seemed he had already unlocked them. He was viewing them right then!

Confound it all. Ose hated humans who dug into things they shouldn't.

The man covered his mouth in shock and recoiled from the screen. When he did, a second human came into view. A black-haired youth. It appeared that both of them had seen files regarding the Overlords. Seven Devils. Ose bet it was Belial who tipped them off. He knew she was up to no good.

Ose opened his eyes and quickly wove several hand signs. His mind astrally projected outward and left his body. 

After a minute or so, Ose flew through walls and raced across the Labyrinth at an astonishing speed. Soon, the Core appeared as a hotspot of computers and electricity, drawing his gaze. When he arrived, he immediately spotted the intruder speaking to his friend. Ose entered his mind without a moment's notice.

Jason Hiro's entire life's history appeared before Ose. Jason Hiro. Human. Male. 18 Years old.

He was the bloody Wordsmith!

"Ah. I see. So you're the one who opened the files. I should have known."

The Hero stumbled around and clutched his head. His thoughts replied to Ose's mental intrusion. _What the hell? Who are you?!_

"I'm Ose, the new Emperor of the demons. You're Jason Hiro, leader of humanity. I've heard about you in passing once or twice."

_Yeah? It's nice to be famous. Get out of my head!_

"I can't do that. You accessed files regarding the Overlords. For a demon, that's a death sentence. Your punishment will be far worse."

Jason tried to open his mouth to speak, but Ose stopped him from doing so. "Don't get cute with me. I know about your ability. Wordsmithing. You can make anything happen by uttering a single word."

Jason nodded, but his motor control quickly fell into Ose's grip. His movements became noticeably dulled. 

_Shit. I didn't know a demon like you existed. Leave me alone!_

"That option isn't on the table, child. You're going to do as I say. I'll start by having you kill anyone who saw those files; then, we can erase the data. After that, I'll lobotomize you. You won't be a threat to the demons ever again."

Ose chuckled inwardly. _A threat._ Adorable. One human, no matter how mighty, could never meaningfully resist the power of demonkind. However, allowing him to agitate the Overlords would be unwise.

Jason struggled for several moments. It annoyed Ose what a fight he was putting up as he tried to move his arms and legs. _I'm not doing shit, you crazy bitch! Get out of... of my head!_

Heroes had access to Holy Energy, but that shouldn't prevent Ose from controlling him. After all, he'd manipulated angels before. No, instead, something unseen fortified his mind far beyond its natural limits. An artificial barrier of some sort. Perhaps he'd bolstered his mental defenses with Wordsmithing.

Cunning. Ose would give Jason that much, but his feeble efforts would prove useless against Ose's genius.

Ose wove a few signs with his physical body, and a moment later, the magic traveled to his astral form. A bolt of electricity arced from a nearby computer terminal and shocked Jason's heart. The man gasped and fell on his back, unable to think clearly for a moment.

Perfect. Jason's defenses were down. Ose would start by overwriting his personality, then move on to his ego and motor controls. After that, it would be a simple matter of-

Hm? Something wasn't right. Ose still couldn't access his subconscious. Not even a Hero should be able to resist him. It was almost as if there were two minds here.

No... no it couldn't be. There was a second consciousness inside Jason's body! It was waking up. Ose must have disturbed it when he...

"Who's there? Where am I?"

The voice spoke. It was masculine. Ose didn't recognize it, but yet, somehow, he sounded familiar.

Ose tried to pull out of Jason's brain, but a barrier formed, sealing him in. What the hell? That shouldn't be possible! He was in his astral form!

A phantasm of a human male appeared in the darkness of Jason's mind. Elaborate robes of purple, gold, and red flowed off his body and spilled across the ground. A crown with dozens of jewels sat atop his head, and he carried a scepter in his right hand. His aged face, still in its prime, along with his black and grey hair, spoke to his age and experience.

He was a king. A human king. He looked familiar. Had Ose seen him before? 

The man looked Ose up and down. "Why, hello there, good-looking! How are you on this glorious day?"

A sense of unease sprouted in Ose's stomach. "Who are you?"

"Come now, ye beauteous one! Tis' shameful to ask a question before answering the one who asked first!"

"Ugh. I'm feeling _dandy_. Now tell me who you are."

The man twirled his scepter and did a little tap-dance. "What, you don't recognize me? I'm King Solomon, the most incredible, brilliant, and accomplished human who has ever lived!"

"Given what I know of humans, that isn't saying much."

Solomon slapped his knee. "Aha! You have a delightful sense of humor!"

"I wasn't joking."

The king stopped his dancing. His face turned stern. "I died. I remember it well. The fact I have returned must mean you revived me. My question is, for what nefarious plot?"

"I did no such thing. You just happened to be in this Hero's mind, and you woke up. Release me at once, foolish human, or I will detonate my astral form and fry his mind to ash."

Solomon cocked his head. He stared at Ose curiously. "Nothing you say makes any sense. What Hero are you referring to?"

Ose waved his arms around at the void surrounding them. "Jason! You're part of his mind, are you not?"

"Hm. Perhaps I am. He must be the wearer of my Crown. One moment, please." He nodded slightly at Ose. A barrier of light appeared around him, sealing him in place. Ose's heart pounded like a sledgehammer as the ancient king vanished into the void.

A minute passed. Two minutes. Three. Ose banged against the barrier, but it sapped his strength when he touched it. He couldn't break free.

King Solomon. His name was familiar. Was he another Hero? Why would two Heroes be in the mind of one? How?!

He reappeared suddenly, his face as hard as steel. "I spoke to Jason. I understand, now. You don't belong here, 'Ose.' Trying to take over this young one's mind was quite the cowardly move, but luckily I've dealt with your type before. Begone."

The barrier vanished. A weight Ose hadn't noticed vanished from his chest. 

But something else appeared.

An emotion Ose hadn't felt in ages.

Anger. Rage.

How _dare_ this human make a mockery of him?

Him. Ose. The most brilliant demon who had ever lived. A prodigy far above his peers. 

Ose had crafted the Labyrinth into a finely tuned machine. He had written the treaties that gave them freedom. He had subjected the humans to carefully crafted routines that increased their soul output and kept them under his control. 

And now... this so-called _king_ thought he could tell him to leave?!

Nobody... nobody tells Ose what to do. He made his own choices.

"Listen here, little human. It will be a frigid day in Hell before-"

Solomon held his hand up, interrupting him. "I see that look in your eyes, but I told you to leave. When I issue a command, you obey. Leave. _Now._"

A whirlwind of pressure suddenly rushed against Ose's mind. Ten trillion numbers and equations hit him, disorienting him with their relentless onslaught. Images of a hundred thousand animals, bugs, technology he couldn't fathom, images of the universe...

Every moment, the pressure increased dramatically. Ose staggered back and pulled away.

His astral form returned to his body a minute later. He stumbled forward and fell on his face, sweat drenching every inch of his body.

"Haah... haah..."

Ose could barely breathe! What the hell? Who... who WAS that human?!

He was powerful. Brilliant. Ose had never felt so small... so insignificant in his entire life.

...

_No. That isn't true. I have. Once. When I was a child._

_Once, I felt helpless in the presence of a human male._

_However, that was a long time ago. I don't want to remember the past._ Ose thought.

Slowly, Ose flipped himself around to lie on his back and slowed his breathing. His entire body ached. It was as if he hadn't slept in a thousand years.

Whoever Solomon was... he was no ordinary human. He was more than a Hero. He was a genuine threat. He'd be the end of demonkind if Ose didn't stop him.

.........................................................

Jason squeezed his skull hard and rolled around on the ground. The pain in his head intensified as he battled with the woman in his mind. _Gahh! It hurts! My head hurts!!_ Jason thought.

...

Suddenly, the pain vanished. Jason breathed evenly and opened his eyes to see Henry's panicked expression a few inches away. "Mister Hiro! Are you okay? What's going on?"

Jason blinked twice to make sure he wasn't hallucinating. "Someone entered my mind: a demoness named Ose. She tried to take control of my body, but something happened. I don't hear her voice anymore."

Henry nodded. "Right, right. Is she gone, then? Did you force her out?"

"I think she is. Maybe." Jason sat up and rubbed his eyes. "Sweet, salty Christ. My head feels like someone dropped an anvil on it."

"Henry holds his hand out. "I'll help you to your feet, Mister Hiro."

Jason shook his head. "No... there's still something in my head. I feel it. It's like two gnats are buzzing in each ear."

A moment passed.

"Hello? Are you Jason?"

A man's voice spoke to Jason from his left. He turned and looked, but there was nobody there.

_Uhh... what?_ Jason thought.

"Can you hear me? Wakey-wakey."

The voice spoke again, this time to Jason's right. He turned to look in confusion, but there was nobody there.

"I hear you. Who's speaking? Someone invisible?"

The voice replied. "Nope. I'm in your head. But worry not, young Hero! You have not developed schizophrenia! Focus your mind, and behold my wondrous visage!"

Jason was getting so tired of people invading his mind. However, unlike the demon lady from before, this man didn't hurt his head at all. Heck, his voice felt somewhat pleasant, like the warmth of a cozy fire.

Jason closed his eyes. After focusing for a moment, the speaker appeared in his mind. To his surprise, he wore Solomon's Crown, along with a bunch of kingly garments.

"Hey! Who are you? Why are you wearing my crown?"

The man stared at Jason for a few moments before cracking a grin. "Ahaha, a wonderful jest! _Your_ crown, hm? I was not aware that your name was Solomon!"

"It isn't. Wait, hold on a second..."

Jason stared at him for a few moments. 

"Are... are _you_ Solomon?"

"Nailed it! Yahtzee! Goodness, how long have I slumbered? It seems nobody recognizes me these days. I used to be the talk of the world for thousands of years!"

"You did? No, more importantly, why can I see you? Or rather, how?"

Solomon shrugged. "I'm not yet certain. Shouldn't take me long to figure out, though. Nothing ever does! That's the beauty of being the smartest person in existence!" 

A few moments passed. Solomon creased his brow. "Hmm. I see. After I sealed the artifacts of power in the Labyrinth, I placed a powerful barrier of Holy Magic around my crown and expired. Then, after some time passed, you came along and found it. Is that about right?"

Jason nodded dumbly. "Uh. Sure. You _died_?"

"Indeed. It was quite the prolonged and unpleasant death, I might add. I couldn't take a chance that heroic artifacts might fall into the wrong hands, especially mine."

"I'm sorry for your loss."

Solomon waved his hand flippantly. "As Archimedes used to say, nothing lost, nothing gained, am I right? Anyway, let's get back to the topic at hand. I've got this unbelievably beautiful demon woman trapped in your mind. On the one hand, I despise demons, but on the other, I do love me a voluptuous lady. I don't know whether to kill or release her."

"You can kill her?"

"Oh, yes, without a doubt. The worst thing a psychic can do is enter a mind protected by my Crown. In fact, during my conquest of the seventh legion of Hell, there was an entire regiment of psychics I dismantled from the inside out! The poor fools didn't know what hit them."

Jason opened his eyes and saw Henry staring at him silently. The kid noticed him stirring. "What's going on, Mister Hiro?"

"I developed a second personality," Jason replied. "No big deal. I've had several of those already. Solomon, get Ose out of my head. No killing, please."

A hazy apparition of Solomon appeared before Jason, as though he was standing next to Henry. However, the youth didn't see him.

"No killing, huh? Well, aren't _you_ the principled one. If it were my mind, I'd obliterate any intruder ruthlessly. At the least, I'd turn them into a vegetable."

"By all means, make it hurt. Teach Ose a lesson about entering minds she shouldn't. No killing, though."

"Sure, sure. You're the boss." 

Solomon flashed Jason an _okay_ hand-sign and vanished.

He reappeared not fifteen seconds later and spun his scepter around, then did a little dance. "Tadahhh! 'Tis done! She'll be smarting for a while!"

"That didn't take you long."

"Of course not! Don't you know who I am? I'm the Knowledge-Seeker! The mightiest, most brilliant, cunning, dashing Hero who ever lived!"

Jason flicked his eyes to Henry. He continued to stare at him in confusion, likely wondering why in the hell Jason was talking to himself and looking to his side.

"Mister Hiro...?"

"Henry, nothing that's happening right now will make the slightest sense to you. Contact Hope for me. I need to chat with him."

The youth fidgeted with his fingers. "Oh. I already did that. When you went into convulsions, I sent an emergency message to Neil."

"Perfect. What rank are you?"

"Rank? Do you mean military rank, Mister Hiro?"

"Mhm."

"...Private."

"Nice. You're a lieutenant now. I like you."

Henry's eyes widened. "What? A-are you sure, Mister Hiro?! I'm too young for such an honor!"

"Yeah, well, I'm too young to save the universe. Everyone starts somewhere. Go to the gates and wait for Hope and Neil. Let them know where I am when they get here."

The youth nodded excitedly. "Yes! Yes, of course, Mister Hiro! Thank you very much!" He quickly marched away to wait for Neil and Hope, leaving Solomon and Jason alone.

King Solomon slowly scanned the room. "Hideous. Absolutely hideous."

"I beg your pardon?"

He beckoned toward the wall of servers. "Warp-gates, computers, men in military uniforms, but no decorations, gah! This appears to be a military center, yet I see no symbols of patriotism, no gold or jewels to draw the eye. How can you lead such a ragtag group of warriors? Where's your sense of heroic pride?!"

"I don't follow. Do you know where you are?"

Solomon rolled his eyes. "Of course. We're in the center of Hell, in the Labyrinth Core. You appear to have taken over the Devil's base from the inside-out. Not bad for a young upstart."

"Uh, thanks, I guess. We've only been here for a few months. We spent most of that time building technology to combat the demons. They could invade at any moment. I haven't had time to focus on the, err, _aesthetics_ of the place."

Solomon groaned. "Ugh. Well, lucky for you, I'm awake now. You're probably not aware, but I'm the greatest mind in the universe. I devised tens of thousands of military strategies. With me assisting you, we'll be unstoppable."

"You mentioned your brilliance a few times," Jason muttered. "Before that, though... I need to ask you a question. Ose appeared in my mind because I discovered a video file I shouldn't have seen. It pertains to the existence of these... these creatures. They look human, but they aren't."

"Alright. Go on." Solomon stared at Jason expectantly.

"They're called Volgrim. Have you heard of them?"

A moment passed. Cracks appeared in the King's smiling facade.

"Volgrim. I hoped never to hear that name again."

"You know who they are?"

"I do."

"Are you going to tell me?"

A long silence followed. Solomon looked away. His expression turned somber.

"They're aliens, Jason. They come from halfway across the galaxy. And... they're... _unstoppable._"

Jason observed the King quietly.

"Unstoppable?"

"You haven't a clue."

Jason's eyes drifted to the monitor. It now sat on a black screen since they had turned it off. The reminder of what he'd seen a few minutes ago floated in the blackness; that of two thousand demon heads exploding simultaneously.

"Tell me. I need to know what I'm dealing with."

"The truth hurts, Jason. Are you sure you want me to tell you?"

"I am."

Solomon traced a circle on his palm. "So be it."
