[Recommended Listening: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxe-6s1Of0s]

A month had passed since Amelia crippled him.

Once again, as part of his daily routine, Phoebe carefully leaned him forward to rest his chin on a handcrafted wooden device. The custom-carved implement allowed her to set him up in bed so she could wash his back and body. She looped his arms through the front to help support his weight, and he felt her breath in his ear as she leaned close and pressed the cold sponge against his skin.

Her soft humming, gentle as always, soothed him. He was beginning to recover his sense of touch throughout his body, but only a little. His right arm and hand were just about all that he could move of his own volition, but he couldn't perform any delicate tasks. They were both so numb that moving them around was mostly guesswork.

"I'll read you another story later, okay? Would you like that?" 

Phoebe kept her voice low, and he coughed twice to answer. "Kuh. Kuh."

_Phoebe liked to read to him for several hours a day. A week or so after his paralysis, Kar found a cache of books in Bahamut's library. Most of them were dry, tedious descriptions of monster and demon physiology and none of them struck him as creative literature, but Phoebe's soft, gentle voice made listening to them bearable._

A man named Neil Adams popped in to say hello occasionally. He didn't know him, but based on his conversations with Phoebe, he'd gathered that he was one of Bahamut's ex-slaves. He and Phoebe shared some vague memories of their time living under the Sphinx, but neither of them liked to discuss Bahamut unless necessary.

Of course, Kar also visited from time to time, but aside from him and Neil, nobody else had so much as sent a get-well-soon card. Phoebe never explicitly stated the obvious, but he got a sense that many people were disappointed in him. _The almighty Hero who solved Bahamut's riddle has become an invalid; one who can only lie in bed and choke._

_How can I blame them? I'm useless. I might as well be dead, for all the use I am._

Despite his dark thoughts on the matter, Phoebe didn't mind even in the slightest. The diaper he wore now was at first a source of incredible embarrassment, and he cried several times knowing she would probably mock him, but this gentle soul never once said anything disparaging about his situation.

Her sweetness was more than a simple lack of mockery. He'd come to realize that Phoebe somehow felt fulfilled when she cared for him, as though she wanted to be needed by someone, and he was an outlet for her emotions.

"La la la..." Phoebe cleaned his back from top to bottom, and after she finished, she patted him down with a towel. "There we go... there we go... nice and clean. Doesn't that feel good?"

She crawled behind him and rubbed his back, pressing her hands softly against his tender muscles. _He was already beginning to feel the effects of atrophy, given his body never stretched or exercised. It probably won't be long before he can't move around even if Kar does find a healer._

_Like that's going to happen._

Suddenly, Phoebe surprised him. She wrapped her arms around him and leaned forward, pressing herself against his back. "Your Grace... Sir Jason... I spoke to Kar today. He can't... he can't find anyone who will help you. I don't know what to say." She leaned forward and rested her chin on his shoulder. He felt her heart beating against his. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry."

_Don't blame yourself, Phoebe. It's not your fault. I'm glad you're here with me._

Every time Kar showed up, Phoebe's voice filled with hope, only for her mood to crash when he revealed the bad news. _No demons were willing to heal him. He was a Hero, after all, and while Kar assured Phoebe they didn't know that fact, it was unlikely a demon would care in the slightest about healing a human._

_If not a demon, who could heal him? Did humans exist with technology that could repair his shattered spine? If someone could fix his throat, he might be able to do the rest with his Wordsmithing._

Phoebe's hands pressed against his chest. _His gut ached from grief. He wished he could embrace her back. She said she should have been there to protect him from Amelia, but what could she have done? Amelia's strength was superhuman, exceeding the logical. It was better that he was paralyzed instead of Phoebe._

_She was a gentle person, a kind soul. Too good for him. What had he done to deserve someone like her in his life?_

Phoebe pulled away. _Don't go,_ he pleaded in his mind, but she couldn't hear him. Her voice caught. "Okay. Time to clean your front, Jason."

.................................

An hour later, Phoebe yawned audibly and leaned him back in bed. He could practically hear her eyes blinking as she pulled the wooden implement away and tucked him in.

The familiar sound of a well-worn book cracking open caught his attention. Phoebe yawned again. "Ahh, sorry, Your Grace. I didn't sleep well last night."

_You don't have to read if you're too tired._

She didn't hear him.

Phoebe began to read a book regarding different subspecies of Gorgons. "The Medusa is a variant of the Gorgon that only appears every five generations. Her appearance is noted for having... having snakes instead of hair. The hair is both a defensive weapon, and a method for consuming nutrients, given..." She yawned again and paused for a few seconds before continuing. _This was the third time in a week she'd started to doze off while reading._

"...given the Medusa's inability to consume sustenance through her mouth as most other monsters do. Her snakes are a precious tool, and their bite is highly... highly venomous. It has been said that one bite from... ahh..."

A silence followed. Phoebe whispered, "S-sorry. I'm... I need to rest my eyes for a bit." The shifting of the bed as she leaned her face on it made him smile. A few minutes later, her breathing evened out as she rested on the bed beside him.

He moved his right arm forward, slowly, uncertain of its position in the environment around him. When he reached her head, he carefully lowered it. He could barely make out the sensation of her hair under his hand, and he stroked it carefully, trying hard not to wake her up.

_Considering my options, I'm probably stuck in this bed for the rest of my life. I'll eventually have to accept my fate, but what about Phoebe? No matter the guilt she feels, caring for my pathetically broken husk will wear thin eventually. She'll leave me, once she realizes a future with a vegetable is no way to live. If I were on life support, I'd cut the power to save her the trouble._

_Before I entered the Cryopod, I was a leech on society. What has changed? Nothing. I'm as useless now as I was before._

_Phoebe's shallow breaths seemed to fill the whole room. I can't hear the outside world at all. No children playing, servants working, warriors training, swords clashing, or any other sound._

_When my life ends, I can only pray I will pass away quickly. I can't dwell on my past forever._

_I just... I wish I hadn't deserted Hoarhiim._

.................................

At some point, he must have dozed off, because when he woke up, he heard Phoebe flipping pages quietly. His glowing eyes caught her attention, and she closed the book. "Did you have a good nap, Your Grace?"

"Kuh. Kuh."

"I'm pleased to hear that." He could almost feel the smile in her voice. "Um, when I woke up, your hand was on my head. W-were you trying to wake me up?"

"Kuh."

"So... you just wished to touch me?"

_Her phrasing made him blush. He didn't know why he wanted to stroke her hair... he just did it. Maybe that was the wrong move._

"Kuh. Kuh."

His heart skipped several beats as the seconds crawled past. Phoebe didn't say anything. After a full minute, she exhaled. "I'm glad. You know, I've never had a purpose in life. When I was a child, I wanted to be more than just a wife or a maid, so I put all my energy into knight training. Women weren't allowed to do such things, so I had to train in total secrecy. Imagine my surprise when the king himself, Arthur, took notice of me one day and challenged me to a swordfight. He must have seen me training behind his castle, but when we fought, he knocked me down in just fifteen seconds."

He stared at the blackness around him. _Phoebe was more talkative than usual. He didn't mind. He'd like to know more about her._

She paused, and a lilt of sadness crept into her voice. "I felt ashamed, worthless. The king was going to put me to death. I knew women weren't allowed to use weapons unless their lives were in danger, but I did so anyway. Despite this, Arthur surprised me. He turned out to be a kind, sweet gentleman. If a demon threatened his land, Arthur would burn everything to the ground if it meant retribution for his countrymen, but for the people under him, he never once treated them as inferiors. He told me that since I had lasted three seconds longer in combat than the average man, I deserved a position of prestige. And so, he knighted me as the commander of his Silver Battalion."

_Arthur sounded like an excellent Hero. If only he could be as extraordinary as him._

"You know, Jason..." Phoebe trailed off for a moment before continuing. "You and Arthur are very similar. Well, you _were_ similar, I suppose. He died long ago, but all the qualities he had as a Hero, you also possess. Your kindness reminds me of him. When I'm around you, I feel... I feel as though I'm with the king, once more."

To his surprise, he felt warmth somewhere below his neck. It took him a moment to recognize the sensation was emanating from his hand. _Phoebe must be holding it again._

More silence followed, and he felt a sensation move across the top of his fingers. Phoebe stroked his hand slowly, over and over, tiring him and causing his eyes to flutter. _He'd begun to fall asleep more easily as of late. He could barely keep his mind awake for a few hours at a time. He wondered what that meant? Perhaps death was coming for him ahead of schedule._

Phoebe paused. The bed shook slightly as she sat down next time him. "Oh, this ring. I recognize it. Isn't this one of the rings Bahamut wore?"

He blinked his eyes slowly. _Yes. Bahamut's ring. One of three, as he recalled. He never bothered putting the other two on. He supposed, in the end, such an act would be pointless._

The feeling of exhaustion weighing on him cleared up in an instant. _Wait, what was he saying? Those rings belonged to the Archangels! Where were the other two? Where were Michael and Raphael's rings?!_

He pulled his hand away from Phoebe and slapped it against his stomach. 

_Rings. They were in his pocket. No, Phoebe undressed him. Where did she put his clothes? Didn't he lose his clothes before he left with Amelia? He made a new shirt and pants, so where did his old clothes go?!_

"Kmungh- nguuuh!" He choked hoarsely, and his hand slapped his face as he fumbled around. His mouth worked just enough for him to swallow liquids, though his jaw lacked the strength to chew anything solid, but perhaps if he...

He navigated his hand to his mouth. _Ring finger. That's where he put Gabriel's band._

He slid half his hand into his mouth, and Phoebe cried out in alarm. "Your Grace?! Are you choking? Is something lodged in your throat?!"

_No, dammit! I'm trying to get my ring off!_ He carefully licked his fingers until he tasted the brass band, then he slowly bit down until his incisors locked onto it. With a Herculean effort, he pulled his hand away, and the ring came off. It stayed clenched between his top and bottom teeth, and Phoebe noticed. "You wanted that ring off?"

"Kuh. Kuh."

"I see." She reached forward and gently pulled it out of his mouth. He released it and let her have it. Several seconds passed as she examined the ring. "There's a word written here, but it's a language I don't understand."

_Gabriel. It's Gabriel's name. Curses! How do I tell her I need to find the other two rings?!_

Seconds passed. 

_His mind raced with options. He didn't know why he wanted to try those rings, but he felt as though something was calling out to him._

A curious lilt entered Phoebe's voice. "Say, didn't Bahamut have two more rings just like this?"

"KUH! KUHH!" He nearly spit mucus everywhere as he choked out the affirmation. 

Phoebe picked up on his signals. "Do you know where the other two are?"

"Kuh."

"Do you want me to find them for you?"

"Kuh! Kuh!"

A sound of brass on wood pinged to his right. "I'll set this one here on your dresser, Your Grace. I'm going to leave for a while. Perhaps I can find out where the other two went."

"Kuh. Kuh."

"As you wish."

Phoebe shuffled to the door, and a moment later, it creaked shut behind her.

_He was alone, now._

_Please, Phoebe. Find Raphael and Michael._

............................................

"Your Grace!" Phoebe's voice rang out in the silence of the room, jarring him awake. The paralyzation terror hit for the third time this week, only to fade after a moment. "I've found them!"

Phoebe walked over to the bed, followed by another set of footsteps. "Huk?" He lilt his choke slightly, and Phoebe picked up on his question. _She'd grown adept at understanding his signals._

"It's Neil Adams, your grace. The man in charge of the mines, as you may recall? He helped me track down one of the maids who had found the rings in the wash."

_Splendid,_ he thought. He smiled as wide as he could, but it didn't come out well.

Mr. Adams cleared his throat. "Always a pleasure to be of service to the Hero, milord. I'm sorry it took us as many hours as it did, but the palace has quite a lot of staff."

Phoebe pulled her chair up next to the bed and touched his hand. "You wanted to wear the rings, isn't that correct?"

He pulled his hand and fumbled around to his side, trying to find Gabriel's ring, and Phoebe pulled his hand back onto the bed. "All you had to do was ask, Your Grace."

She slid Gabriel's ring off the dresser and placed it on his ring finger. Before she could put the other two on, Adam took a step forward. "Hold, lady Berthold. Please allow me to examine the bands."

Phoebe hesitated, unsure if it was okay to let him touch the Hero's artifacts, so he choked out a _yes, that's fine._ "Kuh. Kuh."

The sound of movement followed, and Adams muttered to himself. "Hmm, yes. These were Bahamut's rings, weren't they? The writing is in Latin, an archaic language. They each say Raphael and Michael, respectively."

More movement. Phoebe held his hand up again, and a smile entered her voice. "Here you go, Your Grace."

The coldness of the first ring stung his middle finger. He choked out a gasp as a series of images flooded the blackness of his vision.

............................................

Sometime later, he appeared in an open clearing, where a small campfire crackled in the darkness of the night, four logs arranged around it for seating purposes. The stars twinkled above him, and a gentle breeze swayed the trees in the distance.

An old man in white robes sat atop the far log and poked the fire with a stick. His majestic white wings spread out five feet in every direction. A grey beard five inches long stretched down from his chin, nearly touching his knee due to how far forward he sat.

The old man didn't look up at him as he reached over and placed a log in the fire. "How art thou, Jason Hiro? I see thou hath finally come to pay this old bag of bones a visit."

He nodded dumbly and walked over to sit on the log across from him.

Without asking, he already knew his name.

_Raphael._

For a full minute, neither of them spoke. He stared silently at Raphael, grateful to have the use of his eyes again. However, after he said nothing, he figured he must be waiting for him to talk first. "Raphael, I need your help."

"Mmm, yes, I imagined as much," Raphael replied. He yawned and pushed a log into the fire to give it some air. The embers crackled loudly for a second as some kindling shifted around.

"I'm paralyzed. I need to heal myself."

Raphael shook his head slowly. "Oh, I don't think that is thy biggest problem, young Hero. The body can heal in an instant, but the mind is where pain lingers."

"What do you mean? Are you going to help me?"

"Patience, boy. We've time aplenty to spare. Art thou in a rush?"

"Somewhat. Then again, I've already spent a month in bed, so... maybe not?"

The old man cleared his throat and rested his hands on his lap. "Hahaha... The young always move too quickly. Life is a never-ending dash when one is healthy. Occasionally one must slow down, breathe deeply, and ponder the path ahead."

"I've spent a month lying in bed. I think I've taken things pretty slow."

"Nay. 'Tis not the body, but the mind that determines thy restless nature. Things both small and large cause thee endless turmoil. For example, I wonder how many times thou hath flayed thyself over the event that caused thy paralysis."

He followed his gaze to the fire and bowed his head. "I keep thinking I should have spoken to Amelia differently. I should have listened and asked her about her past."

"Perhaps. One will always make mistakes when he is in a hurry, hoho."

Raphael reached behind his log and pulled out a brass flute. He didn't play the instrument, but instead wiped it down with his robes, cleaning some dust from it. "When it comes to women, most men are terrible at listening. I expect a blunder from one as inexperienced with the opposite sex as thee."

"Th-thanks," he muttered, trying not to sound sarcastic.

"My pleasure."

The winged grandfather twiddles his beard for a few moments. "The angels are the most ancient of all species, Jason. Of them, I am the eldest. I've seen many things strange and wondrous. Few happenings surprise me."

He rubbed his eyes. "What do I do, Raphael? If you're old, you must be wise too. Can't you give me any pointers?"

"Wisdom is a word used to divide the young from the old. Simply because one is old, that does not make him wise, just as a youth may not necessarily be a fool. Everyone calls me the Archangel of Wisdom, but 'tis just a title, as Gabriel is the Archangel of Power, and Michael is the Archangel of Courage. I have plenty of courage to spare, similar to how Gabriel has wisdom and Michael, power."

_This guy loved his word games._

He cleared his throat. "Well, you're probably smarter than me, right? How do I heal myself? How do I convince Amelia I'm her friend? How do I save humanity from the demons? How-"

Raphael held up a palm. "Those are not the questions thou must ask, young Hero. Instead, look at the guilt welling up in thy heart. 'Tis a sore that will grow to engulf thy entire body. Thou dost blame thyself for Earth's destruction and humanity's present situation. In thy eyes, thou art a failure who has yet to measure up to the greatest heroes of the past."

He tried not to look too miffed. "That sounds about right. You have me pinned perfectly."

"Of course I do. I'm old!" Raphael chuckled and stuck his flute back behind the log. "However, the heroes of the past are hardly the perfect deities ye imagine. All faced trials and tribulations that tested their mettle, their character, their morality, and their convictions."

"Oh yeah? What about Joan? She looked violent to me."

Raphael squinted, and he felt the faint brush of something tickling his brain. "Ye saw a vision of Joan, eh? A courageous Hero, she was. While powerful, t'was her conviction to eradicate evil, no matter the cost, that allowed her to stand out from the crowd. Where some heroes may have stayed their blade and tried to convert an enemy to the light, Joan always hardened her heart. She cared little for her humanity, and instead sought to put every waking hour to the destruction of demonkind."

His mouth gaped open. "Joan sounds like a psychopath! Are you telling me that she murdered every demon in her path without mercy?!"

"Aye. Arthur faltered at times. Solomon was a peaceful soul. King David believed that righteousness existed in the hearts of all beings. But not Jeanne d'Arc. She believed that demons were contrary to the Creator, and that her duty was to purge them from the universe. In just a few short years, she slew tens of millions all by herself."

The air between them grew silent enough that he could hear a pin drop.

"That's... that's awful. She sounds like a monster!"

"A monster, aye, perhaps. The demons, desperate to halt Joan's rampage, pulled out all the stops to have other humans accuse her of heresy. They burned her at the stake before her 20th birthday."

"So that part was true? But how did Joan end up fighting Amelia if humans had killed her thousands of years before?"

Raphael's face turned grim. "Heroes, when they reached a certain threshold of power, tended to bind their life-force to an artifact. Solomon, for example, to his Crown. Joan, to the Sword of Heaven, her most treasured artifact. Thus, her soul survived the destruction of her flesh."

_The memory of what happened hit him. "You mean... when Amelia touched the sword..."_

"The Black Witch's malevolent evil activated the remnants of Joan's soul and released her from the Sword of Heaven. Joan was a purifier, one who would eliminate evil at any cost. She did not merely attack thy friend for no good reason."

A minute passed. He glowered into the fire as bits and pieces of events fell into place. "Amelia murdered those goblins. She sought out the sword, and accidentally released Joan from it. Almost everything makes sense now."

"Almost?" Raphael leaned back and pulled a smoking pipe from the folds of his robe. He dropped some crushed leaves inside and lit it, then puffed a few smoke-rings into the air. "What confusion still befuddles thy mind?"

"Amelia never once acted the way she did in Hoarhiim's memory around me. She turned against me at the end, but... I think I deserved it."

"Ye deserved for a companion to paralyze thee and render ye defenseless? My, if she's the sort of person one calls a friend, I'd hate to meet thy enemies."

The old man chuckled again, but he didn't. His head hurt from all this thinking.

"I need to face Amelia again, Raphael. I have to confront her. Will you help me? Is there a way to cure my paralysis?"

"Hm? Oh, yes, a simple matter."

The Archangel smiled but said nothing else. He waited for him to continue, but he didn't.

"And that would be...?"

"I cannot heal thee, but Michael can. After Phoebe placed my ring on thy finger, time froze while we spoke. Soon she'll-"

"Phoebe. Her name is Phoebe."

He shrugged at his interruption. "Becky, Phoebe, same thing. I'm a forgetful old man. In any case, once ye leave, thou must meet the remaining Archangel. Michael may even prove wiser than I."

"I find that hard to believe."

"Believe what you will. I care not." Raphael puffed on his pipe again, and his voice grew cold. "All the angels are dead, Child of Gaia, and the Titans as well. Chains bind humanity. The demons may seem to rule on high, but they are hardly the greatest threat to life as we know it. In time, thou shalt learn of an enemy beyond the Demon Emperors. Stay on the alert. Our abilities as Archangels are but a fraction of their former power. We will be of little help to thee in the future."

Before saying his goodbyes, a question remained. He rubbed his hands together. "Say, Raphael?"

"Yes?"

"Why didn't Joan kill Amelia? I mean, you said Joan was a murderous Hero who always slew evil... but she left Amelia alive."

The Archangel stared at him, a grim look in his eyes. "Joan hated demons. Not humans. No matter how evil the Black Witch was, Joan would never kill someone of her species. When her fellow humans burned her alive, she went willingly, believing her death was the will of the Creator. She was vicious and violent, yet loving and kind."

"That's quite the contrast."

The old man stuck some fresh plants in his pipe's bowl. "Thou aren't wrong."

He stood up and bowed graciously. "Thank you, Archangel of Wisdom. You've helped me greatly."

"And thou hath given me the best conversation in a long time! Drop by more often! Don't leave an old man to suffer in loneliness!"

"Ehehe, I'll do my best, grandpa."

....

Several moments later, the world faded away, and the darkness of his unseeing eyes took over. Phoebe fumbled with his fingers for a moment. "Did you see that, Mr. Adams? He arched his back for a split second."

"Are you certain? I saw nothing of the sort." The man's gruff voice overpowered hers, and Phoebe coughed meekly.

"Perhaps t'was my imagination. Well, I'll put on the next ring, then."

The third band settled onto his index finger, and he shivered as a wave of coldness enveloped him. A chilling blizzard wrapped itself around his hand and traveled up his arm to his heart.

The world faded away, and a different name appeared in his mind.

_Michael._

............................................

A frigid breeze blew across a grassy plain. October's sunlight shone down, preventing the land from freezing, though Mother Nature did her best to hush the greenery to sleep. 

_Winter was coming._

A nearby lake lay still, and the occasional duck flapped around, quacking in the water. Deer and Antelope grazed next to a nearby forest, and the sound of a goat braying on the other side of a nearby hill somehow seemed relaxing. These were not just the sounds of animals, but animals from Earth. His home.

He shivered unexpectedly and felt a small bit of frostburn on the tips of his ears. _If he stayed in this cold for long, he probably wouldn't be able to wake up._

"H-hello? Muh-Michael?" His stammering voice was a squeak in the wind, barely audible even to him. A maelstrom surged, piercing every layer of his clothing and knocking him to the ground as he tried to withstand winter's onslaught. Snow poured from the sky, as though the North Pole's floodgates had suddenly opened. Within seconds, two inches of snow built around and on top of him. The animals fled to the forest for safety, but it was too far away for him. He was alone.

_I'm going to freeze to death in a mental hallucination! What the fuck?! Where's Michael?!_

As if his mental voice was a mighty horn beckoning across the plains, warmth surged from the hill next to him. A slow glance upward revealed a bright light atop the grassy hillock. A single man, wearing a crown of thorns, stared down at him.

"Art thou cold, young one?"

His teeth chattered. "Y-y-yeah."

"Warmth pours from me. Come closer. The snow will melt if ye enter my aura."

"I-I c-can't... m-move... too... c-cold..."

_His body locked up. The slight warmth Michael gave off wasn't enough to melt the snow around him. He might die within seconds if he couldn't get a move on!_

"Dost thee lack courage, or perhaps conviction? Thy current predicament is a simple trial, a test of thy willpower. If thou cannot force thyself to stand, then perhaps ye deserve to die."

He blinked in surprise. "What- what are you saying? I thought... aren't you Jesus Christ? Aren't you supposed to be kind and compassionate?!"

Michael held his hand up, and a massive two-headed lion crawled up the peak beside him and rolled around in the grass playfully. "Kindness and compassion can take many forms. Some would call my trial 'tough love,' young Hero. Listen to thyself. Art thou still shivering?"

A quick breath escaped his lips. 

_Michael was right. He didn't feel cold anymore. In fact, he was halfway up the hill. When had he gotten here? Had he crawled?_

"I'm not cold, no. Why... what...?"

Michael gazed past him at the forest across the lake. The wind slowly died down, and the sun began melting the snow. A single deer peeked through the trees, checking to see if it was safe to come out.

"Have ye ever sacrificed a part of thyself for someone else, Hero?"

_Yes,_ he wanted to say, but he paused to think about it. "No."

"Hath thee ever gone out of thy way to help someone, even if it greatly inconvenienced thee?"

"...Not really."

Michael looked him right in the eye. "The defining trait of a Hero is self-sacrifice. A Hero must have the courage to wound themselves, even if their actions will only save the life of one person."

He nodded dumbly, unsure of what he meant. "That sounds about right, but I don't see what you're driving at."

Michael bowed his head. "When the angels and gods were at their weakest, I knew it wouldn't be long before the demons launched a final assault and killed us all. Death is everlasting to an immortal, and incomprehensibly more painful than to a mortal. A mortal might live a hundred years, but an angel will live forever. Losing an eternity with those I loved was the price I was willing to pay if it meant they could go on without me."

"Is that why you're known as the Archangel of Courage?"

Michael closed his eyes. A single tear squeezed out and dripped down to his robes. "I was terrified. I stood firm, so those I cared about wouldn't fret, but in truth, 'twas the hardest thing I ever did. The only thing that would have hurt more would have been killing my closest friend."

A shock like electricity arced down his spine. "Killing your closest friend? Wait! You don't mean..."

"Amelia, thy companion, slew many members of my family. She is not the innocent child thou dost think she is. I know thy thoughts and thy past, Hero. Thy childhood was lonely and devoid of companions. Nobody loved thee. Upon meeting Amelia, thou didst harden thy heart and pretend not to care, but secretly, thy thoughts dwelt on her. Thy feelings for her might be pure, but she is corrupt. Few beings exist who have sunk to similar depths of depravity as the Black Witch."

Michael wiped his tears away and hardened his gaze. "Whether ye lack conviction or courage, one thing is for certain. Hero, thou must kill the monster posing as a woman. Joan lacked the courage to sacrifice her morality. She was unwilling to kill another human being, and as such allowed the Black Witch to survive to today. However, Amelia is still weak. The demons won't dare to strike at her, fearing her powers, but her weakness is known to thee. Thou hath the power and the obligation to strike her down, where others will not."

Cautiously, he stood up and took a step back from the Archangel. "You... you want me to _kill_ her? I-I can't just kill someone! That's awful!"

"Death is a way of life," Michael snapped. "Thou hath already spent a month with thy new companion, Phoebe. She cares deeply for thee, but if ye allow the Black Witch to roam free, Phoebe will be in grave danger, along with the rest of humanity. Phoebe is willing to fall on her sword should thou ask, but have ye the same conviction as she? Art thou willing to sacrifice thy morals to save thy friends?"

"Amelia is my friend too!" Anger roared into his voice. "Just because I've spent more time with Phoebe doesn't mean I value Amelia's friendship less! What the hell kind of Archangel are you, anyway? You talk about death more flippantly than the Archangel of Power! Even Gabriel has more respect for life than you do!"

Michael glowered at him for a moment before looking away. His eyes softened. "Perhaps you're right. In a way, it takes a different sort of courage to choose one's morality over the lives of others. Still, tell me, Hero... dost thee care about Phoebe? She stays at thy side when others do not. She devotes herself to thee fully. If ye had to choose, would ye save her life, or Amelia's?"

"That's an awful question," he countered. "I have Wordsmithing. Maybe I can do both. You don't know."

"I don't," Michael admitted. "But if thou can accomplish such a feat, thou wouldst be the first. One cannot merely pacify evil. The hammer of righteousness must crush darkness wherever it appears."

Michael trailed off, and his gaze wandered. A glance down at his feet revealed flowers sprouting in the grass below him. Somehow, winter had passed, and spring had arrived. _How long had they been talking?_

"The only problem with that statement, Michael, is that evil can be very subjective. Maybe I don't consider myself a righteous paladin ready to crush demons under my boot. Even if I did, I refuse to believe what others say about Amelia until I see her supposed evil nature for myself."

Michael kept his voice low. "A fool learns only from his mistakes, but a wise man learns from the mistakes of others. One may choose whatever path they please, but I pray, for thy sake, that thou dost not regret thy choice."

After a moment, the Archangel walked down to him. When he drew closer, he couldn't help but notice that he was a little taller than him. "I will heal thy shattered spine, Hero. Before leaving, however, know this: Thou art the last Hero. Due to the extinction of the angels and Titans, the Heroic aura will no longer pass on to another after thy death. Please, I beg of thee to carefully consider the path ahead."

"I will, Michael. Of that much, you can be confident."

The Archangel walked behind him and inhaled. "My power is limited, Hero. I can only help thee this one time. Take care to create safeguards for thyself, lest ye stumble into another unfortunate situation."

He nodded and bowed his head as his arms touched his back. An explosive pain erupted through his body, and tears of agony blasted from his eyes like Niagara Falls. "AUGHHH!"

Michael released him, and he fell to the ground, unable to control his arms and legs as they convulsed erratically.

"Be strong, Hero."

Michael's last words faded as the mental world dissolved away.

A moment later, he screamed a raspy, pained growl as several hands grabbed hold of him. The blackness around him became unbearable as he struggled to look at whoever was pinning him down. He couldn't control his limbs though, and every finger and toe squeezed together all at once.

"He's going into shock!" A man, likely Mr. Adams, yelled in alarm. "Try to hold him down! He'll hurt himself otherwise!"

"Your Grace! Jason! Please, stop!"

Phoebe screamed in fright and threw herself on him, but he couldn't control his flailing form. She wrapped herself around his arms and held them tightly, even as he unconsciously struggled to free himself. After several agonizing seconds, the pain in his body subsided as quickly as it arrived. He flopped back down and gasped violently.

"Haah... haaahh..." His throat ached, but not in the way it did only minutes earlier. Phoebe panted quietly, and he felt the warmth of her breath on his face.

"Y-your Grace? Are- are you...?"

"Fah... I'm fah..." He choked and tried to get the words out, but going a month without using his throat had left it dry and raspy. He took a moment to swallow, before replying. "I'm f-fine, Phoebe. Thank... thank you. Thank you for stopping me."

He couldn't see anything. He could only feel Phoebe's clothed body pressing against his. A moment of silence followed before she climbed off of him. "I-I apologize for my impropriety, Your Grace."

"I... I didn't mind. Not at all," he said, suppressing a tiny smile. Cautiously, he lifted his hand and squeezed, feeling vigor return to his body. His sense of touch was back. Slowly, he sat up and swiveled his head around.

His vision remained black. He was still blind.

"**Vision.**" He spoke the word, but nothing happened.

"My liege?" Adams intoned questioningly. "Have you recovered?"

"I have. The Archangels healed me."

This time, a huge smile crossed his face.

_He might be blind, but thanks to Michael, he could speak and move. He was grateful, Archangels. He wouldn't waste their gifts._