Part 660: Hideki's Evolution
Part 660: Hideki's Evolution

_January 27th, 2021. Argent City, Aevum._

Jason and his father, as well as Sir Marcus, flew through the air on the magical rowboat Jason had created with his Wordsmithing. As they flew, Jason began to explain his broad plans.

"I can't be the face of humanity." Jason said. "So it has to be you, dad. You've lived longer than any Volgrim, even Unarin, and you've lived longer than all but the most ancient of beings, such as Archangel Raphael. You likely have a lot of wisdom, and probably a good amount of fighting experience. Am I correct in my assumptions?"

Hideki sat inside the rowboat as it flew over one of the twelve elemental spires. He massaged his chin while gazing at the incredible world his son had created, a world that was still in heavy development.

"I wouldn't call myself a master of combat, but there's probably several millions of years of training in there. Over time, older skills tend to become rusty. I'm more proficient with firearms than I am hand-to-hand combat these days, but even that has some... quirks."

"It's more than me, and that's all that matters." Jason said, dismissing his father's concerns. "My mind has lived for about 300 years. I did quite a bit of training in Chrona, but mostly I focused my efforts on learning how to wield a bo staff. With other weapons, I only have a superficial level of fighting capability. When I say that you would stomp me into the dirt in a show of weaponry skill, I'm not being humble. It's simply the truth."

Jason continued. "Right now, you are mostly just an ordinary human. During our fight against the Demon Emperors, I gave both of us a powerful defensive boost, but Ose still wiped the floor with us and she was only a Baron. Now that she's an Emperor, I need to go even further and make you unstoppable. With your ability to slow your perception of time, you might be the only one capable of beating her... short of me coming up with a way to assassinate her in secret. That isn't outside the realm of possibility, so I'll keep working on it."

Jason spoke a Word of Power, then held up his hand to conjure a holographic image of his father's body, but with a wireframe model over top of it.

"Aside from the MindCore given shape by Archangel Camael, taken from a melted-down Solomon's Crown, your body has no innate natural abilities. You can't summon lightning, throw fireballs, manipulate water, or do anything else like that. Your brainpower is excellent, and your ability to reduce the speed of time and rewind it during crises are your sole powers. This means your limits are not as high as any chosen Demon Emperor, but you also don't have any major weaknesses you need to worry about. If I can holistically improve your bodily potential, you could become a real terror to the demons, and eventually, the Volgrim."

Jason waved his hand, causing the holographic image to split into three forms.

"There are three main body development paths you can take, dad. It's not possible for me to max out your 'stats' across the board, but I can definitely work some magic on you to make you formidable. Look at this center hologram. This represents the 'you' of now."

Jason nodded his head. A series of stats appeared above the middle Hideki Hologram's head.

---

[BASELINE HUMAN]

HEALTH: 100

MANA: 100

STRENGTH: 10

DEXTERITY: 10

ENDURANCE: 10

CONSTITUTION: 10

INTELLIGENCE: 10

WISDOM: 10

CHARISMA: 10

---

"These are currently the baseline for any average human." Jason explained. "Think of them like IQ scores. A single point up or down is huge, with 10 being the baseline for an average Sentient, 20 being the cap for mortal beings, including entities like Demon Emperors, while 0 means no potential or ability whatsoever. Here's what your stats look like now."

The numbers shifted.

---

[HIDEKI HIRO]

HEALTH: 100

MANA: 0

STRENGTH: 12

DEXTERITY: 13

ENDURANCE: 13

CONSTITUTION: 12

INTELLIGENCE: 18

WISDOM: 19

CHARISMA: 20

---

Hideki nodded along, mostly getting the gist of what Jason was saying. "So right now, due to my age and experience, as well as the MindCore made from Solomon's Crown, I'm an intelligence specialist?"

"That's right." Jason said. "But unlike magical entities such as demons and angels, you don't actually have any magical powers. Your time slowdown and stopping powers, as well as rewinding; those don't actually tire you out, right?"

Hideki shook his head. "I can use my powers as much as I want. I can slow down time and think in hyperspeed for days or months if I want. It's terribly boring though, so I don't usually do that."

"This is why your 'mana' is represented as zero." Jason explained. As for your other stats, they're all either average or above average, especially compared to baseline humans. You work out a lot and keep yourself in tip-top shape, but compared to your enemies, it's not much to speak of."

"That sounds about right." Hideki affirmed. "So what next?"

With a blink of his eyes, Jason adjusted the three holograms to change all of their stats at once. Each one reflected a potential 'new' version of Hideki, and all of them were far superior to the Hideki of now.

---

[HIDEKI HIRO - PSYKER]

HEALTH: 100

MANA: 500

STRENGTH: 11

DEXTERITY: 12

ENDURANCE: 16

CONSTITUTION: 16

INTELLIGENCE: 20

WISDOM: 20

CHARISMA: 20

---

"This one represents your latent potential tuned to the extreme." Jason explained. "I can create special and unique artifacts _just_ for you, dad. With your ability to slow time, you'll be able to unleash their effects on enemies whenever they least expect them. I will fine tune your body so you become an archmage the demons fear."

After explaining the leftmost hologram's changes, Jason then gestured to the newly upgraded one in the middle.

---

[HIDEKI HIRO - CHAMPION]

HEALTH: 250

MANA: 150

STRENGTH: 17

DEXTERITY: 15

ENDURANCE: 17

CONSTITUTION: 17

INTELLIGENCE: 18

WISDOM: 18

CHARISMA: 18

---

"This one represents your future potential by merely increasing all of your stats to a pretty high, but not godly high, level." Jason explained. "You'll be able to stomp most powerful foes into meat paste, but you will become a powerful generalist instead of a specialist. In terms of life preservation, this development track means a very high defense and offense potential, especially if you push your body to its limits. But if you go up against Bael, he'll be tougher than you, while Ose will be faster, and Belial will hitr harder. You have to use your strengths to beat their weaknesses."

Hideki appeared intrigued. "How will you accomplish the strengthening? Just by using your power to make my body stronger?"

"Actually, I'm not going to use Wordsmithing directly on you." Jason countered. "Too many drawbacks and limitations. Instead, I'll be implanting various technological and magical devices into your body, bones, and muscles. These will increase your 'stats' in various ways, but also give you new and powerful abilities."

Jason gestured toward the third hologram with his head. "But before you make a decision, check out this development track."

---

[HIDEKI HIRO - HUMANITY'S BULWARK]

HEALTH: 500

MANA: 0

STRENGTH: 19

DEXTERITY: 18

ENDURANCE: 20

CONSTITUTION: 20

INTELLIGENCE: 17

WISDOM: 18

CHARISMA: 18

---

"This one is the real deal." Jason explained. "You will continue exactly as you are, with no magical abilities, but you will be insanely powerful. If you tussle with Bael, you'll win every time. Ose won't even be able to scratch you. In terms of sheer power, this one might lack tricks, but you will become overwhelmingly unbeatable. I also like this one because, as you are my father, it makes you very hard to kill."

Jason's eyes flickered for a moment. "I've lost too many of the people I love. I'll admit, I'm biased, but... I don't want to put your life at risk, dad. I think you should consider the Bulwark option."

Hideki did not immediately answer. The rowboat hovered in the air for a long time, and the bird on his shoulder was the one to break the silence.

"I do not believe the Bulwark option is the correct choice." Sir Marcus said, in his typically polite and refined style. "Hideki does not fear death, because his power already prevents him from dying. In any moment when a fatal attack would envelop him, time freezes to a stop. This ensures he has always been able to save his life by rewinding to a safe point in the past. Thus, the high defenses are made redundant."

Jason frowned. "Maybe so, but being able to eat one of Bael's punches without breaking a sweat is still a big deal."

"In the future, there will be other humans who can perform such feats." Marcus said, while closing his eyes and lowering his beak. "Thus, I think this is the worst option. It does not utilize Hideki's unique strengths, but instead makes him more generic. There are plenty of brutes and strongmen. He is not one of them."

Hideki nodded. "Yeah, and going along with that, the Champion 'build' also doesn't appeal to me. It mainly feels like the Bulwark, but worse. If my choices are only these three, then Psyker is absolutely the option I choose."

Jason raised his eyebrows in surprise. "I don't disagree that it's a good choice, but.. are you sure?"

"Son, generalists are great, don't get me wrong." Hideki explained. "But I suspect you're going to have _plenty_ of strong men and women fighting for you soon enough, especially given your plans for Aevum. The Psyker option seems compelling because it adds to my toolkit and gives me a lot of options during battle. What kind of powers were you planning for me to wield?"

Jason chewed his lower lip. "Well, I was thinking first of some basic elemental abilities, like allowing you to fire lightning out of your hands, or fireballs, or other stuff. But also, if I can find a way to leverage your innate control of time, I might be able to let you 'freeze' people in a stasis bubble, or maybe rewind them at the molecular level, giving you the ability to heal certain injuries and illnesses."

"You see?!" Hideki snapped. "That sounds badass! Way more compelling than just becoming some burly guy who can punch hard and run fast! The more powers I have in my arsenal, the more options I can deploy in any given situation. Let's go with the Psyker option, kid."

Jason hesitated for a moment longer, but sensing his father's excitement, he shrugged and went with it.

"Alright, if you say so. There's a lot of different ways I can outfit you, dad." Jason said. "To start, we could allow you to cast spells with a long prep time that hit hard, or we could focus on giving you weaker instant-attack abilities. We could also give you one-time-use powers that hit between the former two in terms of damage output, but need to recharge over a long period of time before you use them again. Think like powerful abilities with a cooldown in a video game."

"Why are you describing everything with video game jargon anyway?" Hideki asked.

"Because it's simpler this way." Jason explained. "Using 'stats' makes it easier for me to explain the pros and cons of each choice. Look, imagine something like this..."

Jason summoned a few different illustrative videos of a wireframe-man casting spells.

On the left one, he chanted a spell for ten long seconds before firing a massive blast of lightning that tore apart the near side of a mountain.

On the middle one, he instantly case a notably weaker version of the spell, but he could only cast it once before switching to a giant fireball.

On the right one, he cast an even weaker bolt of lightning, but he shot multiple of them out one after another, rapid fire, while his MP meter depleted with each shot.

"Of these choices?" Hideki asked. "It's the middle one. For sure. I can use my rewinding ability to take out enemies at critical moments when their guards are down. I need a strong, instant, single-shot attack to one-tap them. A long chanting time eliminates the element of surprise, and a bunch of weak attacks are only suitable for battles of attrition. I've always won my fights by taking out my enemies in a single salvo, so this is my ideal setup."

Jason pondered his father's words. "So you want to become a magic focused Hero with an arsenal of one-time-use powers that hit like firetrucks. I can respect that. In fact, I might have a way to optimize purely for this style of fighting. I'll build an internal Mana Engine inside your body and have it supply the power needed for each spell. The spells themselves will consist of marble sized Mana Beads filled with enough energy to unleash the spell one time. After that, they will pull over a long period of time from your Mana Engine to recharge themselves. Even if you exhaust every Mana Bead at once, I can just swap them out if you travel back to Aevum, or you can wait a few days or a month and all of them will recharge."

"I have a suggestion!" Sir Marcus chirped. "Allow Hideki to recharge the spells in the order he deems most fitting. If he expends all of them, he should be able to focus energy into the most important ones, all so that if he ends up in another battle, he can still have some backup options left over!"

"I'll see if I can integrate that feature." Jason vowed. "We'll hash out the details later. For now, we can get back to business with Aevum."

With Hideki's future body enhancements decided, Jason changed topics resolutely.

The rowboat swooped down toward the center of Aevum, causing the Nexus Tower to loom above the trio.

"The Nexus channels the energy of stars from Realspace into Aevum." Sir Marcus said. "That much I understand. But I noticed earlier you said there were twelve Elemental Towers, and that you had linked to twelve stars. Does this mean that stars contain their own elemental affinities?"

"No, no, nothing like that." Jason said to the parakeet. "I made the towers first, then I powered them by drawing in the energy of twelve solar masses. However, I have a long way to go before I fully saturate each of the pylons. I would say that right now, at most, the Elemental Towers are operating at around 2% efficiency. I'll need to slowly draw in the power of hundreds, maybe even thousands more stars before these twelve starting towers reach 100% saturation."

"That certainly seems like a lot of energy waste..." Marcus said hesitantly.

"I'm still working on the schematics." Jason explained. "My MindCore is great at designing things, but it can't work miracles. I still have to do the research and development; I can just do it way faster than even a dedicated team of genius humans. Over time, I'll upgrade the towers and improve their efficiency."

Jason's magical rowboat floated to the base of the Nexus. There, he gestured toward an opening at the bottom that was so pitch-black it swallowed all the light around it.

"Dad, you can only freeze time when your life is in peril, but that changes now. This is The Stillness. It's one of the most important components of Aevum."

"I... assume it has to do with freezing time." Hideki said, looking his son square in the eye as if he's just said the funniest thing possible. "But it also looks pretty dark and super evil. Don't tell me we're actually going _in_ there?"

"We are. And don't worry, it's a little scary, but definitely not evil." Jason explained, as he led his father and Sir Marcus toward the ominous-looking pitch black entryway into the unknown. "The Stillness allows you to remain in suspended temporal animation for as long as you can handle it. From the perspective of the outside world, you would step inside and immediately step back out, but for you, hours or maybe even days would have passed."

"Are you planning to spend a lot of time in there?" Hideki asked. "If you can just instantly design thousands of new weapons, that would really improve the human war effort."

"Like I said." Jason repeated carefully. "It all depends on how long you can 'handle' being inside."

He stepped through the door while taking care to remain in physical contact with his father. A split-second later, the sounds of Aevum vanished, and an eerie, absolute silence swallowed the trio.

Inside the Stillness, there was a small bedroom. It had a bed, a table, and two chairs. There was nothing else inside, and the room was only illuminated by a pair of glowing purple stones that gave everything a sickly hue.

"Ultraviolet stones." Jason explained. "The Stillness is based off the principles of a black hole. Ordinary light is hard to discern, and only ultraviolet light serves to give enough illumination for us to see."

Jason's voice sounded hollow. It was as if the walls were swallowing his words, creating an empty vacuum of sound inside the room. Hideki and Marcus almost felt as if they were deep under the ocean, where all sounds were muffled by an invisible pressure pressing on their brains.

Hideki opened his mouth several times and tried to yawn and pop his ears, but the uncomfortable sensation never quite seemed to go away.

"Is this place... safe?" Hideki eventually asked, his voice sounding weirdly distant to him when he spoke.

"Unfortunately, I couldn't make a completely stable temporal sanctum." Jason said regretfully. "I've spent a few days here... with breaks in between. Usually, I can only manage to stay here for around twelve or so hours before I feel like my head is going to explode. I always left before things got too heavy, but... it definitely feels a little dangerous."

"I assume you would need to stay away from The Stillness for a period of time before you can re-enter." Marcus chimed in, his voice much hollower-sounding than before. "The pressure in here is almost certainly caused by heavy gravitational energy leaking past whatever barrier you used to contain it. I imagine compressing time to a standstill is... not something simple to accomplish."

"Not simple at all." Jason said with a nod.

He sat on the bed, and his father sat on one of the chairs. They remained quiet for a few minutes, while Hideki tried to adjust to The Stillness.

But eventually, he shook his head.

"This place ain't for me, son. I don't need lots of time to think about things. Solomon's Crown already speeds up my cognitive function, and I can always slow down time even further if I really need to take a beat. Even if rewinding has become a major pain in the ass, I can do that too. This place is just not for me."

"I thought it might not be." Jason said, slightly disappointed. "But hey! As long as you take some aspirin, you can sleep for twelve hours here and then walk out, a second having passed in reality. That's one of the big reasons I made The Stillness; to give myself a way to instantly recover my mental energy in an emergency. That way, a situation like what happened when I fought Hope wouldn't occur again."

Jason shook his head, giving up on the idea of introducing other people to The Stillness. It really only benefited him, at least for now.

He and the other two stepped back out into Aevum, and the feeling of an anvil disappearing from the back of their brains made them feel a lot better. It was not pleasant inside there, but it might be a necessary pain worth suffering in certain situations, so Jason wasn't about to destroy it.

"So you're going to be staying in Aevum for the foreseeable future, then?" Hideki asked, turning to face his son.

"Yes." Jason answered slowly. "But... I might need to head out once or twice. Even though I need to dedicate time and energy to saving and uplifting humanity, there are still some matters that I absolutely have to take care of."

"Like what?" Hideki asked.

Jason smiled at his father. "One of those matters involves a very large, very powerful Cube. An ancient artifact nobody in this galaxy knows about."

He looked away, and his smile faded.

"The other important matter... well, it's a personal problem. I'll deal with it next, after I've spent a couple more realspace-days inside Aevum. Once I've finished the major building steps, I'll bring you back and introduce you to your newly upgraded body, as well as the Proving Grounds outside Argent. That's where a lot of the _truly_ interesting stuff is going to happen."

"Keep me appraised." Hideki said, slapping his son's shoulder with a warm smile on his face. "I have full faith in you, son. I don't know what the hell you went through in the future, but it really shaped you into a formidable man. Those demons and Volgrim have no idea what's coming."

Jason smirked.

"No. _They don't._"