[Recommended Listening](https://www.dropbox.com/s/dkxvhpndd0shd1f/Creepy%20Theater%20-%20KevinbenjaminClassic.mp3)

The smiling face of evil lurked in the shadows of Jason's mind. "You would _kill_, hmm? It appears that this 'peat-zuh' you speak of must be incredibly valuable. Few mortals would shed blood for anything less than the object of their dreams."

Jason stared at the orb dumbly for a moment. This guy didn't know what pizza was? Well, he guessed that made sense. He was inside a sphere in a labyrinth held in the hands of a statue formed in the image of a young girl. Nothing about this situation was logical.

"Pizza is food, tasty food. I'm homesick. I don't like this place, and I want to leave, jump into my warm bed, and pray I never see these walls ever again." Jason said.

The face inside his head smiled even wider than before. "Ah, so you seek comfort, joy, and other trifles of life. Power will grant you all of the things you seek, and I can give it to you. With my energy, you will be unstoppable, capable of crushing all who stand before you."

"Uh. But that isn't what I want. The whole 'crushing' thing isn't my style." Jason took a step to the side and eyed the orb a little more cautiously. "Err, don't take this the wrong way, but something about you is a little... untrustworthy. Sinister, even. Compared to this glowing orb in my hand, you sorta scream _evil_, you know? I think I'll pass on whatever you have to offer."

Instantly, his smile vanished. "You deny my power? None would dare do such a thing."

Jason nodded slowly at the face in his mind. "Well, I'm different from other people. I know how this goes. You'll offer me unfathomable power, and then damn my soul for all eternity. Doesn't sound pleasant. Besides, I've got this glowing orb here, and so far he's been nothing but helpful!"

"Hoarhiim? My brother is a weakling, incapable of helping you beyond acting as a light in the darkness. Accept my power, and you won't need a light, for you will be _one_ with the darkness."

Ignoring his incessant prodding, Jason stole a glance at the small orb shining like a star in his hand. "This thing has a name?" he asked.

"Of course, as do I." The man shrouded in darkness frowned at him. "Your manners are awful, calling my brother a 'thing.' Hoarhiim! Wake up! Stop snoozing and say hello to your big brother!"

A familiar tingling itched at the back of Jason's neck, and slowly, a second face formed in his mind. If Jason had to describe Hoarhiim, he'd say his face was like that of God. Shining, with long white hair that draped down to his shoulders, and glowing eyes that could pierce the fabric of his being if he wished. While the dark-god appeared to be a monster of evil and malice incarnate, Hoarhiim was more of a brilliant entity of righteousness and purity.

Hoarhiim blinked slowly. "Hmm? What is it, Blaarjiim? Why have you woken me from my slumber?"

The man inside the orb of darkness, Blaarjiim, sighed dramatically. "How long have you been in this mortal's possession, yet stayed asleep? You will never hope to defeat me if you cannot apply yourself."

With a grumble, Hoarhiim's face turned to his brother's in Jason's mind. "Destruction is your calling, but I tread a different path. As for this young one, I felt his touch and ignored it. He hardly needs my energy."

Jason raised an eyebrow at Hoarhiim. "What do you mean by 'your energy'?"

"Spiritual energy, the power that manifests itself in all creatures born in this universe. As a human, you would usually possess very little of it, but in your case..." Hoarhiim trailed off, and Blaarjiim pounced at the chance to interject.

"Speaking of that very thing... human, what are you doing in the Labyrinth? Only a foolish mortal or one of incredible power would dare enter this domain, especially by himself."

Jason didn't know how to answer that. "I guess I'm foolish, then. I didn't come here on purpose; I'll have you know. It's an accident that I'm here at all."

A smile spread across Jason's face. Yeah. An accident. That was all it was. Even if he pinched himself, he couldn't wake up from the nightmare. Nothing about this place—this labyrinth—made the slightest sense. Just when he thought it couldn't get any more bizarre, he ended up talking to a god of darkness and one of light. _Next thing I know, there'll be a magical duck with the wings of a fairy guiding me to la-la land,_ he thought.

After a moment of silence, he turned back to Blaarjiim. "Well, anyway, I should be going. I'm glad you got to chat with your brother, and I'd consider leaving him with you, except he makes for a GREAT flashlight. So, yeah. Take care of yourself, god of all that is evil and gross."

Hoarhiim yawned mightily. "Mmm, you're an interesting human. I can't say I've known any who would turn down a chance for power, but then, I haven't known many humans."

His brother balked. "You deny me once more? You dare leave me behind?!"

"Mhm." Jason turned around and started to walk away. "Hope things work out for you. Ciao."

His image in Jason's mind started to dull as he took a few steps away, but suddenly his attitude changed. "Ah... aha! I see, so it's like that then, is it?"

_Uh, like what?_ Jason thought internally, sensing that Blaarjiim was about to flip-flop. "Like what?" he asked aloud.

"If you do not require my power now, perhaps you may in the future. Why not take me along with you? Unless you're too frightened by my infinite power, that is."

Slowly, Jason turned back and stared at the orb. "What, are you lonely or something? Don't like hanging around with a statue doing nothing all day?"

Blaarjiim finally decided to be honest, for once. "Yes, it is true. My existence here is empty and meaningless. With my former owner gone, I have nothing to live for."

A chuckle escaped Hoarhiim's lips. "Owner? I thought you and the girl were partners."

"Such simple words could not describe our relationship," Blaarjiim said, his evil aura from earlier somewhat muted now. "That is beside the point. I wish to travel with you. Take me along, and when the time is right, you will beg me for my strength."

"I doubt that," Jason said dryly, as he glanced at Hoarhiim's orb. "Say, if I touch his orb, is he going to own me for life? You seem pretty honest and upstanding, compared to your brother. You wouldn't lie, would you?"

Hoarhiim shrugged. "I could lie if I wished, but it would serve no purpose. My brother can do nothing if you choose not to accept his power. You and I share a bond now, due to the manner in which we met. Your mind begged me for the strength to survive, and thus I gave it to you."

"Oh. Neat." After a few moments, Jason thought, _Fuck it, if Hoarhiim says Blaarjiim can't hurt me, it's probably true. I don't care either way. To be honest, if that statue monster comes back, I may need the extra firepower._

Two seconds later, Jason stood before the statue of the little girl and plucked Blaarjiim out of her hands. "Yoink. Alright, you can come along, but you'd better behave like a good little orb of death and misery, or I'll put you back where I found you."

Blaarjiim returned to his creepy smile from before and slowly clasped his hands together. "I get the feeling we're going to have many good times together."

As Jason turned away from the statue, a sudden rumbling in the distance caught his ear. The sounds of cackling and laughing, from dozens—no, hundreds of voices screamed together from the hall that he came from.

With a mock look of surprise, Blaarjiim held his hand up to his mouth. "Oops, I must have forgotten. _They_ probably won't be too happy that you removed me."

As the rumbling drew nearer, Jason felt the ground start to tremble. _Fuck everything about my life,_ he thought desperately.

For the third time since he arrived in this Labyrinth, Jason felt fear take hold of his heart and freeze him in place.

Hoarhiim was unfazed. "The Army of Sheol. They aren't very friendly. You should probably start moving if you value your life."

"Why run? Take my power, and I will allow you to slay the weak little—" Blaarjiim tried to goad him again, but Jason was simply too seized with fear to listen.

"Not now! Gotta go, and fast! Which path do I take to get the hell outta dodge?!"

After a moment, Jason jerked around to look at the sizeable golden doors. Unlike the giant double doors he noticed when he was fleeing the statue monster, these were much smaller, but painted gold, or perhaps formed out of the material itself. _If I want to escape... that path might be..._ he thought frantically.

The enemy was closing. He had seconds to spare. Leaping into action, Jason rushed to the giant door, an orb in each hand, and slammed his shoulder against it, shoving with all his might. "Gaaaah! Open up, you stupid piece of shit! OPEN!"

Hoarhiim decided now was the perfect time to chime in. "If you want, I can give you some energy to boost your body. It should give you the strength to shove—"

"Do it! For fuck's sake, they're right around the corner!" Jason screamed at his orb, and before he knew it, a sudden wondrous feeling filled his body. He felt like more of a mountain than a man. His fatigue and fear vanished all at once, and his muscles bulged as if he took ten years worth of steroids all at once. This time, when he shoved against the door, electricity bolts shot off his body and slammed into the ground, and the entryway screeched and scraped against the stone tiling, opening up half a foot.

He barely finished in the nick of time. Once he slid inside, his eyes shot open. A group of orcs, goblins, and skeletons rushed around the corner, their eyes locking onto him all at the same time.

One of the goblins pointed at him. "There he is! Told ya I smelled man-flesh!"

"Human! Get him! We eat good tonight!" One of the orcs stabbed a fat finger at him, and Jason nearly screamed as that same terror came back. No matter how strong he was, he couldn't possibly take on an army of monsters! Using the strength the orb had given him, he shoved the door shut behind him. The sound of melee weapons banging against the other side made him stumble backward and fall on his rear. The monsters didn't seem to have the collective strength to open it.

His breathing slowed to normal, as the sounds of monsters beating the door increased in volume. A quick glance around the room made his heart sink; there wasn't any other way out. He had just backed himself into a dead end. _Stupid, stupid!_ he thought in frustration.

Blaarjiim seemed to notice this fact as well. "Uh oh, it seems your day keeps getting worse."

"Stuff it." Jason glanced uneasily behind himself at the door, but Hoarhiim intervened.

"There's no need to worry. You are safe for now. Only several trolls or a powerful demon could open this door, and they're far too busy to bother. Not even a hundred orcs bringing their full strength to bear could budge it an inch."

"Seriously? How much strength did you give me?" Even as the words left his mouth, Jason felt Hoarhiim's energy slip through his hand and back into his orb. "And what do you mean by demons? Where am I? Why are there goblins and orcs and other creatures from fantasy lore? This whole Labyrinth is unreal!"

In Jason's mind's eye, Blaarjiim sneered at him. "How does one _accidentally_ stumble into the realm of the demons, yet not know the manner in which he arrived? You must be quite the oaf not to understand the land in which you now tread."

"The realm of the demons? What, like, I'm in _Hell_?"

Hoarhiim nodded matter-of-factly. "That is correct. This Labyrinth is part of the great interconnected structure known as Hell."

Jason clasped both orbs a little harder so that his hands didn't shake. "D-does that mean... I'm dead?"

Blaarjiim stared at him in silence before bursting into a fit of laughter. "Pahahaha! Dead?! Surely you jest! Hah, that's the funniest thing I've heard in ages! Hoarhiim, your pet human is completely clueless!"

Hoarhiim, to his credit, merely sighed. "He's a mortal. If he doesn't know how he arrived here, he probably hasn't the faintest understanding of Hell. I'm surprised he even knows what orcs, goblins, and demons are, given his rudimentary understanding of the universe."

Jason reached over and set Hoarhiim's softball-sized orb in the same hand as Blaarjiim's, though the fit was very uncomfortable and he had to rest both of them against his stomach so he could itch his cheek. "I mean, I read the Bible, and a bunch of other books when I was a kid. I'm a genre buff when it comes to mythology and other stuff like that. It never did me any good in college, and it didn't get me any attention from girls, but it was my hobby."

Blaarjiim squinted to stare at him. "Caw-ledge? Buy-bul? What are you talking about? What do those have to do with books?"

Hoarhiim chuckled at his confused brother. "I suspect they are the titles of the books. I thought all books were destroyed by the demons, given their passion for illiteracy. How did you ever find books to read?"

Shrugging, Jason grabbed Hoarhiim's orb with his right hand again. "From the library. I suppose they don't have libraries here, but they did in America."

Now it was Hoarhiim's turn to look confused. "America? I have not heard of that district."

A sudden thought entered Jason's mind. "Err, this seems like a dumb question, but I've been wondering... am I even on Earth anymore?" _I thought the Labyrinth was under the surface or something, but that doesn't appear to be the case,_ he thought.

In unison, Blaarjiim and Hoarhiim's faces went taut. The two of them stared at him incredulously, as if they were unable to comprehend his question.

Blaarjiim was the first to break the silence. "Boy. This farce has gone on long enough. Who are you, and how do you know about Earth?"

"What do you mean? Why wouldn't I know about Earth?"

Blaarjiim stared at him with skepticism in his eyes. "As you have surmised, you now reside in Hell. Earth is not a place any mortal should know of, and very few demons do."

"Yet he does," Hoarhiim countered. "Sometimes a mortal can be full of surprises."

"I'm from Earth. I was born and raised there," Jason said, volunteering the information before the orbs could ask. "If we're not under Earth's surface, then where in the, err, 'hell' are we?"

Blaarjiim shifted uncomfortably in Jason's mind, turning his back on the mental vision. "I do not think we should say. The rules forbid discussion of Earth."

Hoarhiim smoothly interjected, "Brother; those rules govern the demons. We are not demons. Jason already knows of Earth's existence, so I believe we can offer at least a bare minimum of explanation."

"Always the soft one," Blaarjiim growled. A moment later, he sighed. "Earth is dead. Destroyed."

"What?!" Jason's voice cracked. He nearly dropped their orbs. "You're kidding!"

"I am not one to jest," Blaarjiim said dryly. "'Twas wiped out, long ago. The demons live here, now."

"Forget the demons for half a second! What happened to the humans? Am I the last one alive?"

Blaarjiim squirmed. Hoarhiim jumped in to answer before his brother could reply. "No. Many still live. However, they have no sovereignty. The demons control the remnants of humanity quite efficiently. Humans are little more than cattle for demons to feed upon."

Silently, Jason stared ahead at the golden door. The skeletons continued to bang on it, but the other monsters had given up. Maybe they were waiting for him to emerge.

"Wow. I'm not in Kansas anymore." Jason muttered.

Blaarjiim raised an eyebrow. "Hmm?"

"Nothing. It's a saying from where I was born. Anyway, I can't worry about the humans for now. I need to think about my needs first. My first goal is to get away from the skeletons and escape."

Blaarjiim immediately reverted to his former self now that the topic of Earth had passed. "Yes, yes. If you accept my power, you would be unstoppable. Combined with my brother's energy, you could tear those monsters outside to ribbons."

"I'd rather not." Jason paused and turned to Hoarhiim. "You said before that as long as I don't ask for Blaarjiim's power, I can't use it, but he can't hurt me either, right?"

Hoarhiim nodded.

"Okay, then why can I use your power? I didn't ask for it."

"But you did, young human." Hoarhiim wagged a finger and began pacing. "Your body seized with terror, and you grabbed hold of my orb, begging me to save you from the Shade. At that moment, your intent was clear, despite not vocalizing your desire."

"Um..." Discomfort set in Jason's joints. "Can I give back your power, then?"

"No," Hoarhiim replied flatly. "We are bound for life until one of us dies. Given your mortal body and all its frailties, I will be back on my pedestal soon enough."

"Don't get all choked up about it or anything," Jason quipped.

Satisfied that the monsters weren't going to tear him apart in the immediate future, he turned around to examine the room.

Compared to the ornate fountain, the golden doors, and everything else he'd seen so far, including the El-Dorado room, this chamber was barren. The walls, rocky and jagged, uneven, weren't the same earthen texture as the rest of the Labyrinth. There weren't any visible decorations of any sort. However, something caught his eye.

To his surprise, besides the light Hoarhiim's glowing orb gave off, there was something else illuminating the room. With the door at his back, Jason took a few steps forward and gaped. A faint bubble surrounded a platform raised a foot in the air. The platform led to a chair—no, a _throne_. On the throne rested a skeleton adorned in shredded cloths, wearing a crown.

Hesitantly, Jason walked toward it. The energy bubble hummed quietly but grew more audible as he stopped in front of it. Drawing closer, he realized the light it was giving off was green. He hadn't noticed before since Hoarhiim's light was much brighter.

"Uh, Hoarhiim? What is this?"

Silence. For several moments, Hoarhiim stroked his chin. "I don't know."

Blaarjiim raised his hand and grinned. "I'll tell you... if you accept my power."

"Pass."

His mischievous smile vanished. "Very well then, I'll tell you anyway. This is the resting place of a great Hero. A mighty King, if you will."

"Hero? King? Is he—err, was he human?"

"Yes. A powerful one, at that. Humans with supernatural abilities are scarce. Only one is born every generation, in fact."

"_Were_ born," Hoarhiim muttered. "Heroes are dead. Extinct, like the angels."

_Angels, huh?_ Jason made a mental note to ask Hoarhiim about them later.

"What's with this bubble?" Jason reached forward and touched the energy field. A spark of electricity jumped to his finger before he could make contact, but he didn't feel any pain.

A smirk appeared on Blaarjiim's shadowy face. "It's a protective force field made of holy energy. Lethal to demons. Probably fatal to humans."

"Probably?"

"Probably."

Hoarhiim chuckled. "My brother loves the taste of fear. The more you squirm, the more you excite him. Worry not, mortal. Holy energy cannot harm a human."

_Good to know,_ Jason thought to himself.

For several moments, he panned his eyes up and down the skeleton on the throne. _Who was he? Why did he die here, in this godforsaken Labyrinth? If he was a Hero, what did that mean for him?_

The faded purple rags adorning his body looked like they might once have been robes, something a member of royalty would wear. Blaarjiim wasn't lying about this man's status, then. A crown on his head drew Jason's attention. He wasn't fond of gold, or jewelry, or anything of the sort, but something about this circular hunk of metal made him giddy with excitement.

Tentatively, Jason pressed his hand against the energy field. After a moment, a sensation like static electricity made his hair stand on end, then _pop!_ The bubble exploded with a loud snap, vanishing into the aether. All at once, several things happened. Air rushed to the throne. The skeleton seemed to sigh, then the bones fizzled away, turned into dust, and fell apart. With nothing to keep them up, the robes tumbled forward, and the crown fell, banged on the throne, and clattered to the ground, rolling behind him a few feet before coming to a stop.

The two orbs stayed quiet for a moment.

Hoarhiim pierced the silence. "You broke the seal."

Blaarjiim paled. "I expected many things to happen. That was not one of them."

Tentatively, Jason curled up his arm to hold both orbs, then leaned down and used his newly freed hand to lift the crown off the ground.

Compared to how he would have described a crown, this one was plain. It didn't have the spikes pointing upward as most crowns would, but instead was little more than a round band of gold, perhaps two inches tall. Different colored gems adorned the center, spiraling around the whole thing. As Jason held it, a voice whispered to him, but faded away before he could interpret the words.

Hoarhiim leaned forward in Jason's mind's eye to examine the golden band. Blaarjiim followed suit a moment later.

"P-put it on," Blaarjiim said, though even he seemed more unsettled than usual.

"Alright," Jason croaked.

Slowly, he raised it above his head, let it hover in the air a moment, then lowered it.

Ten thousand voices screamed out, all at once. Fire tore across his whole body.

The instant the crown touched his head, Jason lost motor control and flopped to the ground, dropping Hoarhiim and Blaarjiim in the process. His eyes widened as hundreds of equations appeared in front of him, followed by images of devices and machines he could barely fathom.

More information than one man could comprehend entered his mind. For a moment, the realization that Jason now had more knowledge in his brain than the Libraries of Congress or Alexandria combined gave him a feeling of elation unlike any in his life before. _I'm a genius! I'm omnipotent!! I can build anything!!!_ he thought ecstatically.

And then, as quickly as it arrived, the mental overload faded away.

Jason understood, now. This crown hadn't belonged to any ordinary king; it had belonged to the wisest man of all time.

King Solomon.

It took several moments, but eventually, the world formed around him once again. Hoarhiim's figure appeared in Jason's mind's eye. "Boy. Boy! What's wrong? What happened?"

Blaarjiim chuckled. "Don't you feel it, brother? His mind is swimming."

Jason clambered to his feet and shook the dizziness off. "I'm fine; I'm fine. The crown—it gave me visions."

"Visions?" Hoarhiim inquired. "What sort?"

"It..." Jason started to say something, but as he reached down to pick up the orbs, a fuzzy image materialized in front of him. Blinking, he straightened up and waved his hand in front of his face.

The image looked like a hologram. A series of lines, twisting and turning around each other, formed a cube that expanded until it took up his entire field of vision, yet was still mostly transparent.

After a minute, Jason pieced together what the image's contents meant. It was a map of the Labyrinth. A single red dot, smack in the middle, pulsed softly, pulling his eyes to it. After a moment of staring, words appeared above the dot.

_CURRENT POSITION._

The dot must have been him. Jason blinked a few times, and the map disappeared.

_Huh. A map of the Labyrinth. It must be my birthday,_ he thought.

Leaning down, Jason grabbed Hoarhiim and Blaarjiim. "You're not going to believe what this crown can do."

Blaarjiim appeared in Jason's mind, casually leaning against something unseen. "I very much doubt that."

"The crown can project a mental map of the Labyrinth into my mind. I see not only where I am, but also everything around me for miles on end."

Silently Jason pondered the greater significance of his discovery. Solomon was a king in the Bible, one whom God had blessed with untold wisdom and riches. If this was his crown, then it must have been worth a fortune. Even more impressive was the ability it granted him, along with the mental acuity to understand concepts and branches of science he had known nothing about before.

_Could such an object exist in reality? Perhaps I did die in that cryopod. Maybe this is all a dream brought on by cryogenic sickness,_ Jason wondered.

Hoarhiim tapped his foot impatiently. "You keep stopping and starting. Explain to me what's going on."

And so Jason did. A few minutes later, Hoarhiim turned to his brother. "You knew of this?"

Blaarjiim sighed. "My lady held me in her hand for thousands of years, brother. I considered the many possibilities that lay beyond the Golden Doors, and given the writing on its surface, only a few seemed plausible."

"Writing?" Jason turned around and walked over to the entrance, and it didn't escape his notice that the monsters outside had stopped pounding on the door. He raised Hoarhiim's orb up to illuminate it, and spotted ancient letters he hadn't seen earlier. Usually, he couldn't hope to read them, but thanks to the Crown, he could.

_TOMB OF THE KNOWLEDGE-SEEKER._

"Incredible," Jason murmured.

A minute passed. Carvings of humans, animals, fearsome monsters, demons, and angels covered every last inch of the towering barrier. Depictions of ancient wars, the struggles of humanity, and an apocalyptic battle Jason could barely fathom littered its surface.

"Hoarhiim. Does God exist?"

The being of light rubbed his arms. "He did, once. The Creator was the most powerful deity in the universe. Everything in existence is a result of his efforts."

"I see."

Jason thought back on his life before he entered the Cryopod. He had never been a particularly bright young man. His grades were a little above average, but nothing special. He neither failed nor excelled. Trying to apply himself to his studies only ever resulted in burnout.

This crown... what would his life have been like had he possessed it sooner? He could see things in the world around him that he had never noticed before. It was as if a veil had been lifted from his eyes, allowing him to examine everything in a new light.

Cricking his neck, Jason chuckled. "Heh, Hoarhiim, you saucy devil. Those monsters outside aren't a problem. But then, you already knew that, didn't you?"

The bright orb returned the laugh. "Haha, right you are, Jason. The crown has changed you. Do you sense my energy within you?"

Jason glanced down at his orb. While it was stupefyingly bright, it no longer hurt his eyes as it had before. Now he could see a vague glow that enveloped his body, right up to the point where Blaarjiim rested in his hand. He seemed to swallow up some of his brother's energy.

Jason's cracked lips begged for a reprieve. He licked them slowly. "I thought I was trapped in here, but that isn't the case at all, is it? Let's take the fun way out."

Blaarjiim shivered. "Oooh, exciting. I wonder what you're planning, mortal."

Jason's smile faltered.

"P-planning?" he asked nervously.