"Seven Devils!" The words blurted from Beelzebub's mouth as a blade of light popped out of the human's metal cylinder. _I've never seen a weapon like that before!_ Beelzebub thought.

The weapon hummed like a horde of angry bees. Beelzebub's adversary raised it upward, and it faintly illuminated his face. However, Beelzebub still could not make out his appearance.

"Give up, Beelzy. I'd rather not maim you if I don't have to." Jason lowered into a defensive stance, and the blade illuminated his clothing dramatically. It did not escape Beelzebub that its pure white color matched his glowing eyes.

_There must be a connection._ Beelzebub thought.

Quickly, Beelzebub glanced back at Rosalia. "Summon the Dukes! I'll fight this worm in the meantime!"

She nodded fearfully as her eyes locked onto his light-sword. After a moment, she turned and rushed away, leaving them alone.

"What, are you afraid?" The human smirked, a mocking tone in his voice. "Need backup before we've even fought?"

"Not at all," Beelzebub murmured, as he gathered fire in his palms. "I want the Dukes here to confirm my victory. Beating you will net me a hefty reward in human souls, perhaps enough to become a Baron."

"You talk a lot for someone who's supposedly confident. Are you stalling for time?"

The fire in Beelzebub's hands rapidly heated up to the optimal temperature as he took a step back. "A battle is more than a series of practiced maneuvers, insect. Often, careful preparation will mean a fight is over before it's even begun!" 

Instead of hurling a fireball, Beelzebub aimed both palms forward and twisted at the same time to summon a cone of flame that instantly expanded around the entire hallway. The inferno screamed ahead, shrieking like a wild banshee as it raced at the human. 

_He can't evade. Not even his hidey-hole will be any use this time!_ Beelzebub thought.

Suddenly, as if the gods had decided to mock him, his attack froze its momentum! The flame halted, almost as if it had hit an invisible barrier, then backfired and reversed its direction back at him. The superheated flames devoured his clothing and tore apart the skeletons behind him. The reanimated beings did not stand a chance against his magical flames.

Luckily, fire did nothing to Beelzebub. Other than his dignity, he suffered no injuries.

Cutting off the fuel, Beelzebub clasped his hands shut. The wall of flame stopped behind him at some point as his clothes transformed into ash. _Rosalia would kill to see my naked body._ Beelzebub mused.

"You reversed my flames. Only magic could accomplish such a feat," Beelzebub growled. "Humans can't use magic. What are you?"

Embers crackled and popped on the ceiling, walls, and ground. The insect wiped his nose. "I ask myself that every day. Nephilim, perhaps? The son of an angel and a human?"

"Nephilim?!" Beelzebub could not stop his jaw from slackening. "Impossible! All the angels should be dead! How stupid do you think I am?!"

Jason raised his light-sword until it touched the ceiling. Sparks appeared for a moment, and he pulled away, a pinprick burned above him. "You're not the first Lord I've fought. I've already beaten several others. Are you a one-trick pony? Even your size isn't that impressive."

"My size?" Beelzebub raised an eyebrow. "I'm taller than the average demon."

"I wasn't talking about your height," Jason remarked with a smile.

"How crude of you."

Beelzebub could not enter the rat's melee range. His light-sword looked extremely dangerous. However, a cord draped underneath it and around behind his back to that giant lump. If the sword used energy, then did that mean it had a power source?

Even if it did, what about the attack he had used on the orcs? He may have had other weapons. Possibly magic, too. But if that was the case, then when had he performed the hand signs?!

_Devils! This human is an aberration, just like the Black Queen! Since when did humans grow to be so-_

...

_Oh._

_I understand, now._ Beelzebub thought.

"I knew I'd seen you before, Jason. You were beside the Black Queen, Amelia, weren't you? She claimed the human at her side was a mighty warrior. Agares thought she was bluffing, but it seems she wasn't. What is your relationship with that wench?"

He bowed his head slightly. "My relationship? Amelia... tried to kill me. Or to wound me. After all, I am a Hero. I'm her worst enemy."

"A Hero?" Another shock raced through Beelzebub's body. "L-liar! Joan was the final Hero! It's been tens of thousands of years since her death. You claimed to be Nephilim, and now a Hero. I thought Heroes never lied."

"Believe what you will," Jason said, before sighing. "I know you sent your girlfriend to call for backup, so I'd like to get this over with." He disengaged his weapon and closed his eyes. Then, he spoke a single word. "Seizure."

"Excuse me? What do you mean by 'Seiz-'" 

Before Beelzebub could finish his sentence, horrible agony erupted in his mind. His skull seemingly shattered and twisted, lancing into every part of his brain.

"Aaaauuughhh!" 

A vile scream escaped Beelzebub's lips, but he could not control himself. Fire erupted from his mouth and hands. At some point, he ended up on the ground, but he did not remember falling. Spots danced all over his vision.

"-should only last an hour or so. Sorry for the trouble," The human said. Beelzebub could not understand his words. 

_Oh, Devils, the pain! THE PAIN!_ Beelzebub thought.

...

A moment later, Beelzebub blinked — sweat bubbled from every pore in his body. His chest heaved and fell, and his mouth filled with the taste of sand. He needed water! Thirsty!!!

"Mister Beelzebub! He's awake!"

Rosalia's irritating voice cut through the fog obscuring his vision.

"About time," Bael's voice replied. He sounded distant, yet close. Beelzebub raised his head to look for him, only to realize his feet were inches from his face. The stench of his rotting toe fungus made Beelzebub gag. "Face-down and ass-up! Bahaha! What a way to land! Whatever that human did to him, he left the Lord of Fire in the funniest position I've ever-"

"Quiet, Bael," Diablo said, lightly slapping the other's chest. "We don't even know what happened. He's been screaming in pain ever since we arrived. The humans may have developed a new weapon."

Bael grew quiet. "Hmm. A human, huh. Hey! Girly! You sure the intruder you saw was a human? Seems mighty unlikely."

While the Second Emperor and First Duke conversed, Beelzebub pulled away from Bael and staggered backward to sit on his butt. His head swoon from the brutal attack the human had unleashed on his mind. He could barely focus his thoughts.

Beelzebub opened his mouth to speak, but his voice rasped painfully. "He- hummun, Jay-sun... Heee-ruhhh..."

"Eh? Wassat?" Bael leaned in closer and cupped a hand to his ear. "Can't talk straight?"

"His throat sounds dry. Here, give him some water," Diablo said, as he reached into his robes and pulled out a small flask of liquid.

The cool water poured into Beelzebub's mouth. He coughed a little but immediately felt life return to him. A moment later, he haggardly pulled himself into a sitting position. Rosalia handed him his suit top she had taken earlier, and he used it to cover his lower regions.

"Sh-shameful. I shall never live this down," Beelzebub whispered under his breath.

"What happened?" Diablo asked. "We came as soon as Rosalia told us about the light-sword."

Beelzebub stared at Diablo for a few moments as he tried to make sense of the preceding events, but several thoughts bubbled up all at once. _If I tell Diablo and Bael what befell me; they'll laugh. After getting my posterior handed to me by the Black Queen, I already look unworthy for the position of Baron, let alone Duke. I can't let it appear as if some random human easily beat me. Besides, he spoke one word, and I collapsed! Pathetic!_ Beelzebub thought.

"It was horrible," Beelzebub began. "First, the man pulled out his sword of light. It was a weapon unlike any I'd seen before, seemingly able to slice through everything in its path. I dodged it for as long as I could and struck back with my flames. He kept pulling back and evading my attacks like a coward. As I put him on the defense, I tricked him into revealing his name."

Bael nodded, his cockiness from earlier gone. "Whoa. I don't even remember weapons like that during the Energy Wars."

"I've seen a few in my lifetime," Diablo mused. "Continue. Who was he?"

"His name is Jason. He's a Hero!" Beelzebub blurted the words out quickly, capturing their imaginations with his intricate wordplay. "Agares and I both met him when we first encountered the Black Queen! He was the little runt who stood beside her. She claimed he was a mighty warrior, but Agares didn't believe her, given her past lies."

Diablo's eyes widened. "Ah, yes, Agares told me about the encounter with Amelia. He mentioned she was keeping a human at her side, but Agares thought the boy was just for food."

"Precisely!" Beelzebub jumped to his feet, causing the shirt covering his demonhood to fall to the ground. Rosalia nearly fainted at the sight of his oversized meat-log. "He's a Hero! She trained him for the Devil only knows what purpose!"

Diablo glanced at Bael, then back at Beelzebub. "So how did he defeat you?"

Beelzebub paused, quickly thinking up a brilliant explanation that would win them over with a tale of his bravery. "Jason unleashed a variety of awesome powers on me. We fought for over thirty minutes before he used a psionic attack. My vision blurred, and he knocked me out when my defenses were down. He must have run away in the chaos."

"Wow! I'm glad he didn't kill you, Mister Beelzebub!" Rosalia wiped her forehead, relieved. "You must have scared him good!"

Bael narrowed his eyes. "Yeah, I betcha did. Say, why _did_ that human spare you, anyway? He sounds like one tough cookie."

_Damn. Bael acts like an idiot, but he can be unusually perceptive when it comes to matters of war._ Beelzebub thought.

Beelzebub paused for a moment, before answering, "He kept mentioning my backup. He must have wanted to leave before you showed up. I don't believe I was out long."

Diablo scratched his chin. "We only got here about five minutes ago. Any idea which way he went?"

Beelzebub quickly glanced up and down the hallways, remembering his positioning. "Well, Jason wanted to pass Rosalia and me. Ah! He said that Amelia was still alive! He said he wished to fight her!"

"The Black Queen is alive?" Diablo chewed his upper lip. "This tale grows stranger by the minute. I thought you said he worked for her?"

"Aye. Amelia must have attacked Jason. The two of them had a falling out. I believe he holds a grudge."

"Tch." Bael crossed his arms over his bare chest. "He can't have gone far. Beelzebub, you go 'n find an Oracle. Tell them to contact Diablo 'n me. With the Oracles' help, we'll gather the other Dukes and kill this Hero once and for all. We'll hunt the runt down and find out what he knows about the Black Queen."

Beelzebub's eyes blinked reflexively. "You want me to find an oracle? No, I should assist you."

Diablo chuckled. "Haha. You've exerted yourself enough for today, young one. If this human is involved with the Black Queen, then he's too dangerous for you to handle. Besides, you barely survived by the skin of your teeth."

Rosalia nodded energetically. "They're right, Mister Beelzebub! I don't want you to get hurt again! You should go to the healing chambers and-"

"I'm fine, woman!" Beelzebub's teeth gnashed at her constant annoyance. "You should find the Oracles! I can help the Dukes!"

Bael snickered. "Hehe, you couldn't handle one human, Hero or not. I don't need you draggin' us down, pup. Now hop to it, like a good little imp. This Hero stuff is Duke and Emperor business."

"What he said," Diablo added. "Come on, then, Bael. Let's track him down. If we're lucky, maybe the Lord of Fire scratched him. A blood trail would make our jobs a lot easier."

Bael scoffed. "Tch. I can smell a fleshbag anywhere in the Labyrinth. Just follow the stench of weakness."

Without waiting for Beelzebub's reply, both demon leaders turned and walked down the path, leaving Rosalia and him together, alone. The last thing Beelzebub heard was Bael's voice, as he said, "Guh! To think, we might've missed him by just a few minutes! He probably slipped right past us!"

...

Anger swelled in Beelzebub's chest.

_Despicable insect. Now humans have shamed me twice! First came the Black Queen, and now the so-called Hero. Thanks to this 'Jason,' the Dukes look down on me even more than they did before!_ Beelzebub thought.

_Curses. How did the human beat me? All he did was say a word! 'Seizure.' Somehow he attacked my mind and rendered me defenseless, yet he didn't kill me. He didn't kill the orcs, either. Perhaps he's soft? He might be someone who believes in peace or some other Skarn droppings. Maybe this is a weakness I can exploit!_ Beelzebub thought.

A minute passed as Beelzebub breathed slowly and thought about several things. Rosalia cleared her throat, interrupting his thoughts. "Um... M-Mister Beelzebub, sir? Shouldn't we do as Diablo ordered?"

"Yes, yes. I know." 

_The human must be from the Core. There's been too much suspicious activity there. I should continue my original plan to restore my standing. In fact, I need it now more than ever. While I attack the Core, the Dukes will defeat the Hero. It will be a two-pronged attack that will crush the monster insurrection and demonstrate my worthiness for all to see._ Beelzebub thought.

"Rosalia, I have plans of my own. You must find an Oracle and pass Diablo's orders along. I will attack the Core just as I originally planned."

She shook her head. "No! Beelzebub, you'll get in big trouble! Besides, your contingent was wiped out by that human! You can't go to the Core alone!"

"I'll figure something out. Do as I say!" Beelzebub's teeth ground together as he strongly considered backhanding the worthless woman. _Just what I need, an underling questioning my orders. Heh, come to think of it, that's what I'm doing to Diablo and Bael. Oh well, it can't be helped. I'm far smarter than either of them._ Beelzebub thought.

Turning away, Beelzebub headed the opposite direction that the Duke and Emperor went. "Begone with you, Rosalia!"

She sniffled. "I'm... I'm worried! Fine! I'll do it, but don't expect me to be there for you when you get in trouble!"

She stomped away, her boots echoing off the walls as she left.

Beelzebub smirked. _Like I care what a fat, ugly she-orc thinks._ Beelzebub thought.

Glancing down at his stripped body and filthy suit top, Beelzebub sighed.

_First, I need new clothes. I refuse to enter a battle in the nude._ Beelzebub thought.