Part 712: Grief
Part 712: Grief

_January 29th, 2021. Argent, Aevum._

Daisy was training with a bo staff by herself, thwacking it against a lifelike combat training dummy. The dummy moved surprisingly agilely, animated by her father's magic. It was neither dumb nor intelligent, merely fighting with the single-minded purpose of learning its opponent's movements and attempting to counteract them.

It was a faceless, heavily padded dummy, which was great because when it struck Daisy's body, she didn't end up severely injured or hospitalized. It also meant she could beat it as hard as she wanted with her staff, though that was proving difficult. It learned how to anticipate her moves faster than she learned from it.

Daisy was not great at wielding weapons in melee combat. Her movements were uncoordinated, and she frequently lost her grip on the staff, sending it tumbling to the ground when she tried to spin it up and attack the dummy. As a result, she often got pillowed in the face by the dummy's soft fists, sending her sprawling to the ground.

Daisy rubbed her butt and winced. Even though the Dummy was not intended to seriously hurt her, she had fallen on her ass several times, and her muscles were no longer in peak shape. She held up a palm.

"Let's take a break."

The dummy obediently lowered its fists and slumped forward slightly, returning to its energy-saving state. Daisy cracked her back and stretched, feeling the blood flow through her limbs.

She attempted to heal herself, but her magic failed. She frowned. Her father had supposedly used his Wordsmithing to give her full control of her magic, but it kept flickering on and off like a poorly screwed-in lightbulb. She wasn't sure why this particular power was so unreliable, but it was especially frustrating because she had planned to return home and heal the body of her adopted sister, Anya.

Anya had been in a wheelchair since she was old enough to crawl. She sometimes had enough strength to get up and walk around, but those instances were rare, and made her sadder than if she couldn't walk at all. She suffered from a compromised immune system, so she couldn't leave the house. Doing so might kill her.

Thus, Anya lived her entire life cooped up indoors, feeling like a bird trapped in a cage. She was always sullen and somber, a fact that made Daisy quietly weep on several occasions.

"I'll have to ask dad to heal Anya." Daisy muttered to herself. "It should be doable for him. If not, maybe he can befriend Aunt Samantha in this timeline?"

Daisy scratched her chin. She chewed her lip thoughtfully as she considered the likelihood. She had yet to interact with Emperor Belial, but she doubted her auntie was a complete villain at this point in history. She must still have a soft spot for children...

As Daisy stood there, catching her breath and recovering from her training routine, she felt a presence appear behind her. She turned around and broke into a smile.

"Daddy! How are you doing?"

Jason smiled back at her, but his expression was a little off. "I'm fine, sweetheart. I came here to check on you."

Daisy nodded. After the incidents with Heaven's Daughter and Nadia, her father had clearly been dealing with a profound sense of guilt. He didn't need to tell his daughter about it for her to realize. She knew her father wasn't in the best headspace, but she also didn't know how to broach the subject. She still felt like he and her had a long way to go before they became truly 'close'.

"I just finished sparring with the dummy you made for me." Daisy said, casually gesturing behind herself with her thumb. "How about you, dad? Are you doing... okay?"

Jason continued to smile, but his eyes lowered a little. Daisy easily noticed the sadness he was trying to hide. He wasn't doing a good job at it.

"Dad?" Daisy asked quietly.

Jason lightly bit his lower lip. He took a step toward her, then held out his arms.

"Come here, honey." Jason said.

Daisy nodded. She stepped toward him, and then... they embraced.

Daisy hugged her father. There didn't seem to be any reason behind why he wanted to hug her, but she could tell... this hug meant a lot to him. It was the first time they had hugged like this since he awakened his memories...

Daisy closed her eyes. She buried her face in her father's neck. Even though he physically was the age of a brother, he still had the bearing of a parent. She felt calm and safe in his arms.

"I love you, sweetheart..." Jason said quietly. "I don't say that enough."

Daisy opened her eyes. Held in her father's arms, she couldn't see his face, but now she realized his mental state was worse than she had imagined. He wasn't acting like himself at all.

"Dad... what's going on?" Daisy asked, carefully pulling away from him a little, just enough that she could look into his eyes. She checked and found this was her real father, and not a Dronesmith.

Jason didn't meet his daughter's gaze. He looked at the floor.

"It's... it's about your mom." Jason said quietly.

Daisy's heart fell into her shoes. She looked at her father with a sinking feeling.

"M-mom? What happened to her? Dad, what happened?! Don't tell me Bahamut killed..."

Jason blinked. He lifted his head and looked at his daughter in surprise.

"What? No. No, of course not. I'm sorry, honey. I'm not using my words well. I just... I'm a little out of sorts right now. Your mom..."

He hesitated.

"...I went to Bahamut's city. I found her. I forced her to release all of her slaves. Then I had your mother kill Bahamut and inherit the power of the Sphinx."

Daisy stared at her father in shock. "You went without me? But why?! I thought when the time was right, you and me were going to save mom together!"

Jason took a step back. He let go of Daisy, allowing his arms to fall to his side.

"Honey... nobody... nobody wants to save your mother as much as I do. But. But. The woman I saved... she's your mother's younger self. She doesn't know you. Or me. She doesn't remember the future. She has no idea you're her daughter, or I'm her husband. As far as she's concerned, we're complete strangers."

Daisy stared at him intently. "So what? Are you saying you left me out because I would just overwhelm her?! Dad, that's my mom you're talking about! Your wife!"

"She's not my wife, and she's not your mother." Jason said sternly. "Not right now she isn't. I didn't bring you along because I believed you wouldn't be able to stop yourself from talking about the future."

"I can control myself just fine!" Daisy shouted. "This is unfair! Dad, why are you acting like this?? Just use your Wordsmithing! Make her remember the future! Then she'll be my mom again!!"

Jason fell silent. He closed his eyes and lowered his head.

"...Do you think that option didn't occur to me, Daisy? It was the very first thing I thought of doing when I realized Phoebe was still alive in this timeline."

Jason turned away from his daughter. He wandered over to the side of the room and sat down on a bench, leaning heavily forward in a posture of defeat.

Daisy hesitated. She eventually walked over and sat beside him.

"Then, why didn't you do it?" Daisy asked, bewildered. "Dad, why not give mom back her memories?"

It took a long ten seconds before Jason was able to muster up an answer.

"Daisy. I'm a failure." Jason said softly. "Everything I touch turns to ashes. Countless people died because of me. Because of my incompetence. I'm afraid that if I recklessly try to retrieve my wife, I'll only cause even more harm to her."

"How can restoring her memories cause harm?" Daisy pressed. "You're not making sense."

"I've thought about it a lot." Jason said under his breath. "I've realized that there's a lot of ways trying to turn this younger version of Phoebe into the one we lost could backfire. Just pause for a moment, Daisy. Cool your emotions. Think rationally."

Daisy fell silent. She took a deep breath and tried to calm her heart, like her father requested.

"...Okay." Daisy said. "Tell me what could go wrong, dad."

Jason forced out a weak smile. He rested his palm on his daughter's knee and gave it a reassuring squeeze.

"Imagine for a moment that I used my magic to give your mother her memories from the future." Jason said. "Did you know Hope did the same thing? He put Amelia's memories inside the mind of another woman."

"Amelia?" Daisy asked, scrunching up her face. "Do I know her?"

Jason thought for a moment.

"It's been a long time. I don't remember. If you ever did speak with her, it couldn't have been more than once or twice." Jason said. "But that doesn't matter. Amelia was a woman I loved before your mom. After I made your uncle Hope by cloning myself, Hope was distraught because he had lost the life I was then living. Without Phoebe around, he became desperate and tried to create a copy of our first love, Amelia, by putting her memories inside another woman."

"Did it work?" Amelia asked.

"No." Jason answered. "Because the woman was not Amelia, her mind rejected the memories. Keep in mind, this woman, Annette, was in love with Hope and asked him to change her appearance and mind to become Amelia. She loved him enough to voluntarily give up her identity and become Amelia. But it didn't matter. Annette's psyche still rejected those memories, and she became a tortured soul, torn between two personas."

"Okay, I can see that." Daisy admitted. "But mom is mom! Her memories from the future are still HER memories! You can just implant them without worrying she'll become someone else. It's not like you're putting Aunt Samantha's memories in mom's body!"

Jason shook his head. "I thought about that too. Daisy, imagine for a moment that I made you watch a video that showed you images and sounds and smells from someone I claimed was your future self. Even if you believed those were your memories from the future, would you be that person? Would you _become_ your future self?"

Daisy scratched her head. "Well... I don't think so...?"

"It almost certainly wouldn't work out." Jason said. "I can't just replace her memories with those of future Phoebe. I can't alter the essence of who she is now. At best, I can insert the memories of who she was into her mind. But doing that would only feel to her like she was seeing the memories of another person. Attempting to forcefully overwrite her current memories with the ones from our original timeline would ultimately result in an Amelia-Annette situation. Your mother would start suffering from psychosis, questioning who she really was."

Jason turned his head to look at his daughter.

"Do you want your mother to suffer like that, Daisy?"

Tears welled up in Daisy's eyes. She pressed her fingers against her eyes and hiccuped. "No... no, daddy... I just... I want my mom back... I want her back."

Jason nodded hollowly. He reached his arm out and wrapped it around her back, then pulled her close.

"I know you do, baby. So do I. I would give my life to bring Phoebe back."

Jason swallowed. His throat was dry. Raw. Tears welled up in his eyes. His body shook as he felt all the suppressed emotions starting to boil up.

"God... god, I want Phoebe back." Jason whispered, squeezing his eyes shut. "I want her back so badly. She's right there. _Right there_, honey. I could reach out and kiss her. But it wouldn't be right. And most importantly... I don't deserve your mother. That's what hurts the most."

Daisy sniffled. She puled away from her father and looked at him with puffy red eyes. "Dad... what are you saying? You don't deserve her? Where are you even getting that from?!"

"Your mom died because of me." Jason said, rubbing his bleary eyes. "Who am I to selfishly try and bring her back just to make myself feel better? Who am I to make a new Phoebe to replace the old one I discarded through my inaction? What right do I have to live happily after killing your mother through my incompetence?"

Daisy gritted her teeth. She felt a deep anger boiling up inside of her.

"What the hell, dad?! Is that the real reason you don't even want to try?! Because you think you're undeserving?! FINE! Maybe that's true! Maybe it IS! But what about me, dad? What about ME?! Why do I have to go without a mother just because you feel guilty?? I had to grow up without parents! I was tortured by scientists, prodded like a lab rat, treated like a toy, and all the while I just wanted my mom and dad to save me!! And now you're holding me back from her just because you feel GUILTY?!"

Daisy grabbed at her hair. She tugged and pulled on it, wanting to rip it out due to her grief and anger. She couldn't stop crying. She wept uncontrollably, and her crying only made Jason cry harder.

Every word struck him like a hammer. He felt as if he were being ripped in half. Torn between his self-hatred and desire to do good by his little girl.

But how could he satisfy her? Even if he wanted to restore Phoebe to her future self, it was impossible. He wouldn't subject her to the same trauma Annette had suffered.

"I'm sorry." Jason mumbled, sniffling while his shoulders heaved uncontrollably. "Baby, I'm sorry... I just... I don't want to make you cry... but it's all I know how to do. I'm a complete failure, and it's killing me inside."

"God fucking dammit, dad! You're not a failure! You're not!" Daisy screamed, her anger slowly overtaking her anguish. "Why do you keep saying that?! Dad, you time traveled! This is the past, not the future! You can change things, live a better life, save people! You can get mom back and make sure she never dies again! You don't have to shackle yourself to a future that NO LONGER EXISTS!!"

Jason became quiet. His eyes remained tightly closed, his fingers pressed against his eyelids.

A long minute passed.

"You say... the future doesn't exist?" Jason asked softly.

"Then why do I still remember it?" Jason whispered. "How can everything that happened mean nothing?"

His shoulders heaved as he stifled a sob.

"How can I live with all the people who died because of me?"

"How can I go on knowing that your mother ultimately died?"

"What does it matter if I resurrect her here? I will always know I failed her."

"Even if I perfectly restore her, how can I face her, knowing I left Timothy behind? How can I look her in the eyes and tell her I abandoned our son? Your _brother_?"

Jason pressed his face into his hands. He wept, heaving long hard sobs as the pain of his failures crashed down upon him.

"Oh god! God!! I don't know how to go on! I DON'T KNOW!! Everything hurts! Every day, it hurts! I look in the mirror and I want to kill him! I want to rip him a-fucking-part! I hate that piece of shit! I hate him, I hate me, I hate everyone!!"

Daisy stared at her father in silent disbelief. By now, she had realized that her pain was far, far lesser than his. It wasn't inconsequential, but never had she realized until this very moment just how broken Jason had become. His guilt, his grief... she could not fathom just how much pain he had been silently enduring... for her sake.

"Dad... dad, I'm sorry." Daisy mumbled, leaning in closer. "Dad, don't cry... I'm here for you, okay? I'm sorry. I didn't mean to say all those things. Come on, dad, come here... I'm here for you, daddy..."

Daisy carefully wrapped her arms around her father. She set aside her own feelings, realizing that now, he needed her just as much as she needed him.

Jason cried. He sobbed and wept. He wailed uncontrollably, fully breaking down in front of someone for the first time in his entire life.

When he had lost his foster mother and father, Jason had trudged through life in a daze.

When he had realized Amelia was dead, Jason felt only desolation in his heart.

When he thought Daisy had perished, Jason hadn't been able to muster any tears.

When his wife fell, he became barren, unable to feel anything but an abyss.

Only now, after countless years had passed, did he finally release all his emotions into his daughter's embrace.

Daisy felt strange. Her father was supposed to comfort her, but instead, she was comforting him. But this strangeness quickly left her heart. She closed her eyes and rested her cheek atop his head.

Rocking back and forth, ever so gently, Daisy stayed with her father for a full hour. She was mostly quiet, sometimes crying along with him, sometimes only taking in the emotions and thinking about the absurdity of the situation with a joyless smile.

The father and daughter had both suffered terrible traumas. Daisy eventually realized that hers was no greater or lesser than his. He had lost a wife and a son, while she had lost a mother and a brother. Jason might feel personally responsible, but that did not lessen the trauma Daisy had suffered during her childhood. And indeed, her pain was a part of her father's pain, as he blamed himself for what she had endured.

But, eventually, both of their emotions ran their courses. They ran out of tears to cry.

Jason pulled away from his daughter. His expression was wretched, but... releasing all those emotions was a relief. It was as if a dam had burst, allowing everything he hadn't allowed himself to say to now flow freely.

Jason wiped his eyes. He looked at the ground.

For the first time in a long time... he felt better.

Not good. Not _great_. Just 'better.'

Jason summoned some tissues. He handed them to Daisy, then he blew his nose while she blew hers.

After a moment, Jason looked at his little girl. For no reason at all, he faintly smiled, then let out a small laugh.

"Haha..."

"You're laughing?" Daisy asked, slightly astonished.

"It's just... I'm so sorry, honey." Jason said, wiping his tear-stained eyes. "I'm supposed to be the big reliable man, but here I am, blubbering like a baby."

"It's alright, daddy. Everyone needs to cry sometimes. I'm glad you let it all out." Daisy said soothingly. "There's no shame in crying just because you're a man."

Jason caressed his daughter's face. He touched her tenderly, wishing with all his heart he could have done so a thousand more times since she was a child.

"I love you so much, baby girl." Jason said. "I know... I know it hurts. You want to see your mother. You want to make up for all that lost time. But we can't do that, okay? I need you to try and let go. Try and treat her as a normal person, getting to know her step by step. In time, I will introduce the idea to her that we knew each other in the future. I just don't want to overwhelm her right now. Okay? Okay?"

Daisy winced. She nodded slowly, but lowered her eyes.

"Alright, daddy." Daisy mumbled. "I'll try to be strong."

"Good. Good girl." Jason said, leaning forward and kissing her forehead. "I'm going to bring Phoebe here sooner rather than later. I'll let you know beforehand. When she arrives, I'll introduce you as my daughter... so just play that part as best you can."

Daisy felt as if a stake had been driven into her stomach. She squirmed uncomfortably. "Yes, daddy."

Jason cleared his throat. He stood up, then used a Word of Power to refresh himself and Daisy both.

"I... have to get back to work." Jason said. "Sorry I dumped all that on you. But I'm glad you were here for me. We have to be there for each other, because we're all we have left."

"Yeah..." Daisy whispered.

But she didn't believe him.

She still had a mother. One day, Daisy would definitely, definitely hug and kiss her mom and cry in her arms again.

There had to be a way to restore Phoebe to the way she once was. Daisy just didn't know what method she would use yet.

Jason muttered a Word of Power. He vanished from the room, leaving his little girl behind.

Daisy sat on the bench for a while longer. Eventually, she got up, grabbed her bo staff and started sparring with the training dummy again. Only now, this time, she was hitting it much harder than before.

She had a lot of aggression she needed to unleash.