Part 144: Return of a Legend
Part 144: Return of a Legend

Diablo, Lucifer, and Berith all sit on their knees, heads bowed, at the foot of Satan's throne. Diablo sighs as a look of defeat passes over his face. Berith's eyes twitch while she fights the emotions raging inside of her. Meanwhile, Lucifer balls her hands into fists and trembles. Her teeth chatter quietly as she tries desperately to suppress her rage and humiliation.

"That's a nice look for you," Satan says, seated in his throne. Once again, Belial sits on the right side of his lap, both of her legs crossing over his left. She wraps an arm around Satan's back, and he reciprocates with an arm around hers.

"Pretty pathetic," Bael intones. He stands behind the three defeated Emperors, arms crossed. "I thought about joining in on the fun, but you guys didn't deserve my help. I didn't know you were little bugs in demon bodies."

Lucifer whips her head back and snarls at Bael. "Quiet, you! Satan has grown too powerful for any of us to defeat! There's no shame in losing to... to..."

She bites off her words, but it's too little, too late.

"There's always shame in losing," Satan says, his smirk widening. "If you were smart, you'd have realized you couldn't win from the beginning. Even wolves know when to pick fights and when to run away. I always thought you were smarter than a dumb animal, but maybe I was wrong."

Hundreds of demons line the walls of the room. The grunts and Lords and Barons and all the other ones whisper among themselves conspiratorially, wondering what will happen next.

"I bet Satan'll snap their necks."

"Nah, he'll probably break their arms 'n legs and feed 'em to the Hellhounds."

"Idiot. If he was gonna do that, why bother healin' 'em?"

"To draw out the pain more. Duh."

"Ohhh, _right_. Good point."

Satan's gaze flicks around the room. He pauses to observe various cliques and groups among those present, then resumes staring at the three before him.

"Dumb, dumb, dumb. Sheesh. Right now, I bet Bael's smarter than the lot of you combined. You'd have to be pretty daft to sense my mana and think you had a shot at winning."

Berith raises her head to glare at Satan. "You said that, already."

"It's worth repeating," Satan mutters. "You've really mucked up my plans with this. How are we supposed to kill all the angels if the top Emperors don't know how to pick their fights?"

A hush falls across the room.

Several imps blink in stunned silence as their mouths fall agape.

Lucifer's expression turns to one of confusion. "Kill the angels? What are you on about this time?"

"I didn't stutter," Satan says. "I told you when I came back that I had a plan. See? That's what I hate about women. You never listen."

Hardly have the words left Satan's mouth before Belial shoots him a particularly nasty look. Satan pauses for a moment.

"N-not you, toots. The other ones."

"_Rude,_" Belial hisses at him. She climbs off his lap and struts to the nearest exit, then pauses to cross her arms in annoyance.

"I'm going swimming."

Satan stares at Belial's ass as she struts around the corner and disappears from view. After a moment, he groans to himself. "Ugh. _Nice foot in mouth moment, me. Thanks, me._"

"You done talking to yourself?" Bael asks. "Don't just say 'we're going to kill all the angels' and then leave it at that, boss. Now you've got me all excited 'n shit."

Satan stares at Bael for several moments before replying.

"That's right. We're going to launch an assault on Heaven and kill all of the angels. Every last one of 'em."

Gasps erupt in the crowd. Several imps take a step back as shock passes over their faces. Even the three Emperors stare wide-eyed at Satan.

Lucifer jumps to her feet. "What the hell are you talking about, Satan?! Are you crazy?!"

"A suicide mission. _Brilliant._" Berith adds sarcastically. She remains seated, skepticism everywhere in her body language. "And to think, you thought my idea for luring out the angels in small groups was terrible. You lack imagination, Satan."

Bael chuckles. "Heh. I think it's a good idea. An all-out war sounds like fun."

"You _would_ think that," Diablo says, glancing back at the Duke of Pain. "But then again, you're damn near invincible. The rest of us have heads we try to keep on our shoulders."

Bael proves to be in the minority. The majority of lower-ranked demons murmur among themselves, doubt spreading around the crowd, out the exits, and to the demons waiting outside as well.

Satan keeps his body language calm and collected. "I understand you think it's a bad idea. Of course, I'm smarter than you, so I know otherwise. If I had to guess, I'd say the odds are..."

The Devil pauses for a moment.

"...there's a 99% chance that we'll lose the battle decisively."

Lucifer's eyes bulge as rage takes over. 

"Are you _joking_?! What is wrong with you, Satan? If you're that unconfident, then why even propose such a ludicrous idea? Don't tell me this is another one of your damned tests!"

Satan shakes his head. "It's no test, Lucy dearest. I believe we will lose the battle,, but win the war. Long term strategies are what we need. You understand, don't you?"

Lucifer stands, frozen in place. She stares at Satan silently for several moments as her third eye jerks around erratically. She appears to be trying to figure out what he means.

"Long term... win the war... I don't understand. Speak plainly! I hate riddles!"

Diablo closes his eyes. The Emperor of Annihilation reaches up and slowly strokes his chin as he thinks about Satan's words.

"Hmm... I fail to see how attacking the angels and losing would benefit us. Satan, can't you elaborate? We'd be more inclined to listen if you stopped with the wordplay."

Bael rolls his eyes and grumbles under his breath. "Ain't that hard to understand, ya bunch of dummies. Just kill all the chickens, and we win. Easy."

Satan purses his lips. "Actually, Bael, it _is_ more complicated than that. The reason I say there's a 99% chance of losing this battle is that we almost certainly won't defeat the angels. We will lose far more demons in the long run and will come out with only a sliver of those who entered. The rest will die."

Lucifer shivers as she meets Satan's gaze. "A suicide mission. You expect our people to march to their deaths. What in the name of Hell is that going to accomplish? Are you so eager to humiliate me that you would throw away everything I've built over the last two thousand years?"

"No," Satan replies, closing his eyes. "It's the best method we can use to win. You have to understand, Lucifer, about the nature of angelkind. Angels have only declined in population since the Creator formed them from the dust of the cosmos, millions of eons ago. They cannot reproduce. They can only fade away slowly, over time. Every angel killed is one fewer for us to battle in the future."

Lucifer and Diablo slowly relax. They nod along to Satan's words. Berith is the first to reply. "I see. So, what you are saying is that my battle plan was superior, after all."

Satan cocks his head. "How so?"

"If we bleed the angels off bit by bit, we will eventually kill all of them. My plan has fewer inherent risks compared to yours."

"Yes, but sacrificing low-ranked demons is... _pathetic._"

Satan bites off the last word before continuing.

"Your method is not one toward which demons should aspire. We tackle our opponents head-on. We fight honorably. We strive to perfect our power and to crush the barriers placed above us. We may skulk about in caves today, but if we were to rule over Earth in a future where we only ascended via skullduggery and deceit... that future is not one I would relish."

Satan sighs, long and hard. "Haah... there is another reason we must attack Heaven directly, my friends. The angels are not our only foes. While they cannot increase their numbers, the Titans _can_. Were we to draw out the extinction of angelkind over several centuries, the Titans would surely begin breeding in haste. They would quickly set aside their petty differences and unite with the single-minded intent of eliminating our existence. As you all know, Titans lack many of the weaknesses the typical angel has. They grow to become enormous, and every generation of Titans eventually breeds a prodigy, such as Zeus or Hercules. The last thing we need is for more of them to stand against us."

Diablo raises his eyes to meet Satan's. "So, in the end, this battle is more about wiping out the Titans than eliminating the angels. Am I correct?"

Satan smiles. "That, you are, Diablo. You're a smart demon. I need more Emperors like you."

Satan pauses. After a moment, he reaches inside his leopard-skin shirt and plucks something out of an inner pocket.

"I told you three that I'd determine the rankings for Emperor based on how you fought against Belial. Well, I've made up my mind."

Slowly, deliberately, Satan reveals three tiny black marbles grasped in his palm. Each one is as dark as the night. If Satan were to drop them in a shadow, he might lose them forever.

Lucifer takes a step forward. Her third eye focuses on the marbles as she scans them. "What the Devil...? I see... mana... flowing out those pebbles."

"Mana?" Berith asks, echoing Lucifer. "I don't understand."

"We're going to attack Heaven in a few days. The sooner, the better," Satan says. "I need all three of you to be at the peak of your strength. No holding back. These are _soul-stones_, and each one has enough enriched soul energy to raise your mana levels to their peak."

Berith's jaw drops. Lucifer's does too. Diablo merely stares at the soul-stones in silence.

"Unbelievable..." Lucifer mutters. "In order to obtain these items... you must have..."

Berith jumps to her feet. She eagerly eyes the soul-stones, seemingly wishing to snatch all three from Satan's palm. "What are you waiting for? Give them to us!"

Satan closes his palm around the stones. "I warn you... absorbing one of these stones will hurt more than anything you've ever experienced. It will feel as if you are bathing in the mouth of a volcano, all while someone sprays acid across every inch of your skin. Still sure you want one?"

Lucifer and Berith's pupils dilate. They nod greedily. Diablo doesn't seem as interested, but he does lean forward on his knees to stare at them intently.

"I have one condition," Satan says. He lowers his voice, and his gaze darkens. "I will only give these out to those who swear their loyalty to me. Accepting these means you acknowledge my superiority over you. It means you will follow my orders unquestioningly until the end of time. Do you understand?"

The female Emperors pause for a moment to digest his words. 

Lucifer replies first. "I knew there would be a catch. When it comes to underhanded tactics, only Berith is your equal, Satan."

"Yes," Berith says, nodding to Lucifer's words. "Still, I know when I am beaten. I cannot hope to defeat you, Satan. Given a choice, I would rather achieve the fullest extent of my power than not. Someday, should you die, I might end up replacing you as First Emperor. It wouldn't do for me to appear weak, as I do now."

"Mmm," Satan grunts. "If I didn't know better, I might think you were threatening me."

"No, no," Berith says, holding her hands up in a mock display of distress. "I would never dream of it. Even when we battled earlier, I knew you were too powerful to defeat. I only wished to teach you a lesson. Now, I understand even that much was impossible for me."

Satan smiles. "I'm glad you finally understand your position. Well, in that case, I'll announce the rankings. Berith, you will be my Third Emperor. Lucifer, my fourth. Diablo, my fifth."

A look of horror passes over Lucifer's face. "What? Why?! I bound Belial in a mental prison! If it weren't for me, we'd never have come close to killing her! I passed your test with flying colors!"

Satan sighs. "Maybe so, but results are what matter. Berith was the one who would have landed the killing blow. You only managed to bind Belial thanks to the efforts of the other two. Besides, Berith seems far more powerful than you. She can appear in any shadow, ambush enemies, hold them in place, launch deadly spears from all directions... what can you do? Shoot some hot air from your head? Color me unimpressed."

Lucifer swings her arm back to gesture at Diablo. "What of my mate, then? If you think I'm so weak, then why position me above him?!"

"Because it'd hurt your pride, otherwise," Satan says, smirking. "Diablo doesn't care about crap like numbers and ranks. He's fine with being the lowest Emperor. Ain't that right, pal?"

Satan's eyes flick to Diablo, as do Lucifer's and Berith's. The Emperor of Annihilation yawns. "Yeah. I don't particularly care one way or the other."

"Great!" Satan says, rising from his chair. Extending his palm outward, a flicker of movement in the air is the only evidence of his Vectors' existence. They lunge down, snatch the three soul-stones, and extend out to hover the marbles in midair. Diablo and Berith stare in surprise as the black pebbles seemingly levitate toward them, but Lucifer appears less impressed. Thanks to her third eye, she can easily make out the shape of Satan's Vectors.

Satan plops the soul-stones in each of the other Emperor's hands. Berith eyes hers suspiciously. "What do I do with this? Now that I have it in my grasp, I find myself wondering if it isn't another one of your traps."

Satan shrugs. "Just pop it in your mouth and swallow. Easy." He doesn't bother defending himself against her last statement.

Berith raises an eyebrow. With a shrug, she reaches up and throws the soul-stone to the back of her throat. To my surprise, Lucifer mirrors Berith's movements and swallows hers simultaneously. Both women seem eager to increase their power.

Lucifer smacks her lips. "Yech. Disgusting. Diablo, aren't you going to take yours, too?"

She turns to look at Diablo, who continues to sit on his legs. He eyeballs Lucifer and Berith silently for a moment. "I'm waiting to see if Satan's tricking us. How do you feel?"

Lucifer cocks her head. "Hmm. Well, there's something... bubbling up in my stomach. It's as if... it feels like..."

The Emperor of Providence suddenly doubles over. She falls to her knees, and her eyes bulge out of her face. "Ahhh! Nnn, aahhh!!"

Half a second later, Berith loses her footing and face-plants the floor with a heavy _WHUMP_. She hits the ground like a sack of potatoes and curls into the fetal position.

Both of them start screaming. Their skin begins to boil and hiss. Gaseous fumes erupt from their bodies as the two female Emperors shriek, cry, and moan.

"Ahhh! Geeeuuuk!!"

Diablo stares in horror as his mate's skin pops and crackles like pine needles in a fire. Satan winces. Several lower-ranked demons take a few steps back, their eyes wide as saucers.

A full minute passes, then a second and a third.

Soon, Berith and Lucifer complete their transformation. Bloody patches of skin finish healing and regenerating as the transformation process concludes. The room becomes so silent that one could hear a pin drop.

Berith pulls herself to her feet. Sweat drips from every corner of her body. "Shit. Shit..."

Despite the exhaustion wracking her body, she smiles gleefully. "You told us the transformation would hurt, Satan, but I don't think you went far enough. I'll never forget that pain... not for the rest of my life."

Lucifer pushes herself into a sitting position. Her arm trembles for a minute from the strain of lifting her body, but it only takes a few moments for her stamina to return.

"Yes. That hurt more than I imagined, but... I've felt worse. That's only the second time I've undergone such a transformation. I think the first was worse, but it's been a while."

"Couple thousand years," Satan replies with a nod. "Alright. Deebs? You gonna pop yours, or what?"

Both women turn to look at Diablo. The blood drains from his face as he lowers his eyes to the pebble in his hand.

"Err, well, how to put this..."

"Bloody Hell!" Lucifer says, throwing her hands in the air. "I should have made you take yours first, coward!"

"Hey, baby. Don't be like that," Diablo says. A drop of sweat drips down his face. "I don't like pain. You know that! And that whole transformation thing was... uh... not something I'm interested in experiencing."

Diablo glances around the room sheepishly as several other demons shake their heads in disbelief. Despite the agony the two Emperors endured, their mana has already started flowing similarly to Satan's. Jealousy runs rampant among the lower-rankers as they think thoughts like, _If only I could get my hands on a soul-stone,_ and _I can't believe Deebs is turning down a free powerup!_

Satan stifles a laugh. "Heh... I knew things would turn out this way, Deebs. That's just the kind of guy you are. You don't have to swallow it, but don't waste it, either. Give it to someone else... someone who needs the boost."

Berith's eyes widen. "Give it to me!"

"What?" Lucifer gasps. "No way! Why would you need another boost?! Stop trying to play for power again, you selfish little..."

Berith swivels to face her. "Fool! Have you grown soft after experiencing a little pain? Can't you feel the power swirling in our bodies?! Satan gave us the keys to his defeat!"

Lucifer blinks. A look of realization spreads across her face, followed by a smile. "Ohh, that's a good point."

Both of the women turn to look at Satan. Their mana collides with his, forming into a vortex of demonic energy on the floor.

Lucifer rises to a standing position. She and Berith grin wickedly as they eyeball Satan. Their gazes are like those of hyenas eying a fresh corpse.

Satan appears unphased. "Smart. Waiting until I gave you a boost before turning on me. Of course, I knew you would do that. If you choose to fight me here, please realize that I won't hold back this time. I'll kill both of you."

The Devil's absolute confidence gives both women pause. A flicker of doubt passes between them as they glance at one another, but their confidence comes roaring back a moment later.

"You'll kill us, eh?" Berith asks. "I've been meaning to ask, Satan... are you _really_ immortal? There must be a limit to how many times you can regenerate."

No emotion passes over Satan's face. "I'm immortal _enough_. Enough to crush you flat before you make a dent, I mean. Don't do this, ladies. Don't prove me right. I'd like to think you understand the difference between us, even after getting a little boost."

"Little? Hah!" Lucifer guffaws. "I'm ten times more powerful than before. I don't like how you look down on me, Sat-"

"LUCIFER!"

A male demon howls at the top of his lungs from the rear of the room. Satan, Lucifer, Berith, Diablo, Bael, and all the others present turn to gaze at the one who spoke.

From the shadows, a demon with robes covering every inch of his body hobbles out, leaning heavily on a gnarled staff. His red eyes glow beneath his hood, but in the flickering torchlight, it proves hard to make out the details of his face.

"Oy," One of the grunts whispers. "No way, izzat...?"

"Yeah, looks like 'im," Another imp mutters. "I thought he died."

"He's a legend," A nearby grunt whispers. 

The newcomer shambles into the room, each step slow and methodical as he picks his way forward. After a moment, he raises his hand and pulls back his hood.

"Agares?" Lucifer's eyes widen. "It can't be..."

Agares, now a shell of his former self, stares listlessly at the Emperor of Providence. Anger smolders in his eyes. His skin, wrinkled and saggy, rests loosely on his bones. His hair, now a dirty grey color, is nowhere near its former black luster he had the last time I saw him. Even his horns are smaller. He appears to be at the level of a Lord, which surprises me. I didn't know Demons could _lose_ their power and fall backward in the demon ranks.

"Well, well, well," Agares whispers. "If it isn't my favorite demoness, the Queen of the Damned, herself. You're acting high and mighty these days, Lucifer. Shall I take a bow before your awesome power?"

Lucifer's expression darkens. She fidgets uncomfortably. "Th-that isn't necessary..."

"Why not?" Agares continues. "You've done so many _good_ things for everyone here. If not you, then before whom should I bend the knee?"

Satan narrows his eyes. He glances from Lucifer to Agares and back again as he tries to understand the dark history they share.

"Agares, uh, it's been a while," Satan says. "I got back a couple of years ago. Didn't know you were still alive. I thought you died at some point after I left."

Agares eyes soften as he turns his head toward Satan. "No, I still walk amongst the living. Healthy? No. Virile? Not in the slightest. Even walking is a chore for me, of late."

Bael smiles widely. He saunters over to Agares and rests a hand on the old-demon's back, though I get the impression Agares only looks old due to what Lucifer _did_ to him. "I thought you said you were gonna keep your distance? You sly dog!"

Agares forces a smile, but it seems disingenuous. After a moment, it fades away. "I planned to keep quiet, but seeing Lucifer's _greed_ threaten our people yet again, I cannot rest on my laurels."

Satan's ears perk up. "Hmm? Greed? Elaborate."

Diablo turns to face Satan. His eyes rest on Lucifer for a moment, but he quickly averts his gaze. "Satan, do you remember the rescue operation to save Bael and me from Michael?"

"Yup."

"Well, after what Michael did to me, I was in bad condition. I couldn't walk. I was paralyzed. Lucy, uh... she had the bright idea to... to..."

Diablo pauses. His words become heavy with guilt as Agares' gaze fixates on his back. "Well, she tried to copy Agares' reptilian powers and transfer them to me, only... she..."

"She sucked me dry!" Agares yells. His eyes bolt open, and he jabs a finger accusatorially at Lucifer. "That woman took everything I had, everything our progenitor gave me!! She left me a husk of my former self, only to later proclaim herself the leader of demonkind. Filthy, wretched...!!"

Agares' tongue flicks from his mouth several times in the span of a few seconds, something I quickly realize must be a representation of his emotions... and his reptilian self.

Satan leans back in his throne. "I see. And now she wants to do it again. Greedy, indeed."

Murmurs go up among the demons present. Artorias and Barbatos watch from the sidelines. The Lord of Iron shakes his head in disgust. "Nyeh! Always knew she was a piece of work. See, bro? That's why you shoulda stuck with Valac. He only made us stronger! No sucking going on with him, no sir!"

Artorias crosses his arms. "Lucifer did many good things for demonkind. One or two bad acts don't invalidate the good."

Barbatos rolls his eyes. "Nyeh! Of course, you'd defend _her_."

Lucifer's guilty expression fades. Anger replaces it as she raises her head to glare daggers at Agares. "Maybe what I did was unethical, but I saved Diablo's life! He might have stayed trapped in that bed forever without your regenerative powers! Not to mention that your transformation enabled Bael to become the Balrog!"

Once again, looks of surprise spread through the crowd. Artorias's jaw slackens. "What? Lucifer took Bael's Balrog Form from Agares? Even I didn't know that."

"Makes sense," Barbatos mutters under his breath. "The whole transforming thing, anyway. Nyeh! I wonder what I'd turn into if I could get some of that power, eh?"

Artorias smacks his little brother over the back of the head. "Quiet! I'm trying to listen."

Bael rests his hands on his hips. "Big friggin _whoop_, Lucifer. So what if I can transform into a monster? I'm as much of a danger to everyone here as I am to the angels! If I get my way, I'll never transform again."

"You saved countless lives!" Lucifer retorts. "Because of you, Hercules-"

"I **killed** a bunch of my friends!" Bael howls. His usual calm, snarky facade shatters. The Duke of Pain takes a menacing step toward Lucifer. His eyes bolt open, and he snarls like a wild animal at her. "Don't talk down to me, you _fuckin' bitch_. I nearly killed little Barbatos, Artorias, you, and a bunch of others! I lost control! What good is a badass transformation if I end up killin' my allies?!"

Lucifer balks, and gets taken aback by his words. "Well, I... I don't... know..."

Bael takes a step backward and returns to Agares' side. After a few moments, he forces himself to simmer down. "Tch. Don't play like you're the savior of demonkind. Agares didn't deserve what you did to 'im. There were other possibilities for Deebs, but you didn't take things slow. You were in such a rush to save your sweetie that you nearly killed one of our best warriors."

Bael pauses.

"No offense, Deebs. I don't blame you or anything."

Diablo nods. "None taken."

Lucifer's former bravado vanishes. She bows her head and sighs, unable to come up with a counterpoint to Bael and Agares' words.

With the Emperor of Providence down, Berith loses her nerve, too. She crosses her arms and sneers at Satan. "Fine. You win this round."

"I always win," Satan says with a smile. It seems half-hearted.

Diablo rolls the soul-stone around in his hand. After a few moments, he groans. "Ugh. You know what? It's someone else's time to shine."

Diablo jumps to his feet. He spins on his heel and flicks the soul-stone to Bael. The Duke of Pain reflexively snatches the black pebble out of the air, but it takes him a moment to realize he caught it. "Huh? What's this about?"

"I don't want it," Diablo mutters. "You take the stone, Bael. If you swallow it, you'll become an Emperor. Satan's right. We need all the firepower we can get for the coming war."

Bael balks. "Huh?! I didn't ask for this! Don't go spouting off on your own! Take it back!"

Bael flings the stone back at Diablo, who snatches it out of the air. "You misunderstand. I don't _deserve_ this stone. I've received too many handouts, already. You take it. You're our strongest warrior. If you become an Emperor..."

Diablo trails off. He flings the pebble at Bael, who scowls as he catches it again. "Knock it off!"

Barbatos jumps forward and waves his hands. "Ooh, ooh, if neither of you wants it, gimme gimme! I'll take a free power-up!!"

Bael and Diablo simultaneously glare at Barbatos. "Shut up, runt!"

Barbatos's ears flatten. He slinks back to his brother's side. "Sheesh! Alright, alright... just saying..."

Bael returns his gaze to Diablo. "I don't need a power-up, Deebs. I'm plenty strong. I'll become an Emperor by killin' angels and kickin' ass. That's what I do. If you're too scared to pop this little shitball down your throat, then someone else ought to get it."

Two seconds later, Bael turns to Agares. He grabs the withered old man's hand and slaps the soul-stone in his palm. "There! You take it, Agares! You need it more'n any of us. Besides, we owe ya."

Diablo smiles. "Ohh, great idea!"

Satan nods. "I like the sound of that."

Agares stares at the pebble in his grasp. "You... you want me... to..."

"No worries," Bael says, gently patting his friend's back. "You deserve it, buddy."

The old demon stares at the soul-stone for several seconds. "Hmm. Well, I can't say the idea doesn't sound appealing. Very well! I'll do it."

With a shrug, Agares swallows his soul-stone.

Several seconds pass, and nothing seems to happen. Finally, dark energy begins swirling around the old man's feet. The demons nearby lean forward and gasp as his horns rapidly extend two, possibly three inches upward. Agares clutches his chest and swoons for a moment, but reorients himself a moment later. Unlike the two women, his skin doesn't crackle and boil, nor does he suffer agonizing, wracking pain throughout his body.

Satan rubs his chin. He watches as the last trickles of dragon energy finish boosting Agares' demonic power. _Hmm. Since Agares was a Duke before, his body already adapted to a higher power level. The dragon's energy won't affect him like it did the girls and me. Lucky._

The Devil shifts his gaze to Diablo. "It's probably for the best you didn't take that pill, chum. You don't have a lot of wiggle room to reach the peak of your power. Agares will be a far more valuable addition to the battlefield."

Agares flexes his arms. A somber look passes over his face as he finally comprehends the power he's regained. "It has been millennia since I walked without using my staff. I... I almost forgot what it felt like to move without strain."

The old man blinks, and for a moment I can almost spot tears building in his eyes. They quickly vanish as he wipes them away.

"Hear me now, my brothers and sisters. Satan is our rightful leader. He has many faults, and he has blundered many times, but never will any of you hear me state that his heart was in the wrong place. Compared to him, Lucifer and Berith are plagues upon our people. Their desire for power at any cost will only lead us to ruin. The last thing I want is for more of my brethren to suffer due to greed and incompetence. Better to die fighting than to live as withered husks."

Bael nods along to Agares' words. "I've got somethin' to add. Satan's smart. Like, really smart. I hate chicken-shits, and every one of you knows that. I won't respect anyone who suggests limp-wristed battle tactics against the angels. If anyone's got a problem with Satan, they've gotta go through _me_. No back-talkin' or I'll stomp ya like the maggots you are. Understand?!"

Hardly has Bael finished before all of the demons nearby begin nodding in unison. They smile nervously, unwilling to say anything in protest.

Barbatos shrugs. "Pft. Whatever. Satan, _shmatan._"

Satan watches and waits as the room quiets down.

"Thank you, Bael. Now that we've finished the pleasantries, I'd like to lay out my plans for the extermination of angelkind. That is, unless Lucifer and Berith have any complaints...?"

The Devil pauses to shoot a meaningful look at the female Emperors. They both lower their gazes, unable to offer a counter.

"No... go on," Berith mutters. "Like I said... you win this round."

Lucifer clenches her fists, but in the end, she too can only nod along and agree with Berith.

Satan might be the brains of demonkind, but Bael is the muscle, and Agares the heart. With their backing, Satan's claim to the throne gains legitimacy. The other Emperors haven't a chance.

"Alright," Satan says, as he leans forward. "Here's my plan."

---

Hercules, the lone Titan with the ability to manipulate souls, sits on a tree stump. His glowing eyes give him the appearance of staring blankly at the ground, but a few seconds of observation reveal that he is merely deep in thought. He rests his chin on his hands, and his elbows on his legs. He reminds me of a famous Roman statue; The Thinker.

Heaven's light, omnipresent as always, shines upon him from every direction. So bright is it that the enchanted steel bars above and around Hercules cast no shadows across the ground. There can be no darkness when light without a source shines from every angle. His cell, with all its rich tapestries and comfortably adorned bed, appears just as isolated as he does.

Hercules blinks. He raises his head, and his eyes cease their glowing.

"Father."

Only now do I turn to follow Hercules' gaze. Towering above the fifty-foot-wide cell, planted against the side of a mountain, King Zeus stares at his son quietly.

"Hercules. I've come to deliver some wine. It's from your mother."

Zeus opens up his fist to reveal three small animal-skin flasks, each one bulging from the delicious juices sloshing about inside.

Hercules shakes his head and resumes staring at the ground. "I do not want any... indulgences. Is that the only reason you've come?"

Zeus blinks. His eyes close and open slowly, deliberately. With a long sigh, he leans over and places the flasks on the door to Hercules' cage.

"I do not enjoy seeing my beloved son in such a state," Zeus says. "If you had obeyed the ancient traditions-"

"Don't speak to me regarding tradition," Hercules murmurs, interrupting his father. "I held demonkind's lifeblood in my hands. Had you assisted me during the battle, rather than cowering and hiding, we would have slaughtered them like rats. No, instead, you chose to look upon me with disdain. Because my father betrayed me, we lost our chance to eradicate the one who killed Megara."

Zeus narrows his eyes. "_We? Our?_ That blood-debt was _yours_, Hercules. You went too far. You tapped into the unholy power of soul manipulation to bring death upon Satan. In the end, you failed, as did all before you who also-"

"I failed because of you!" Hercules yells. He raises his head to snarl at his father. "You betrayed me! Satan still draws breath because you care more for those rotten traditions than your own son!"

Zeus doesn't flinch. "There is much you don't know, my child. Traditions are borne to avert danger and catastrophe. You are not the first soul manipulator among the Titans, and I can only hope you will be the last."

Hercules' expression darkens. "I ask again, _father_. Why have you come? Are you here to taunt me? To tell me I must apologize? To give up this power which nearly defeated all of demonkind?!"

For once, Zeus's stoic expression slips. For a moment, the Titan King's facade of power crumbles as his son glares at him with bloodthirsty intent.

"No... I... I only wished to see your face. The thought that my son languishes in the angel's custody does not put me at ease."

"My condolences for your loss," Hercules says, biting off his words. "You put me here, and now you pity me. Aren't you _versatile_."

Zeus looks away for a moment. When he returns his gaze to Hercules, he rebuilds the walls around his heart. "We've completed the move. All of the Titans have migrated to Heaven. We don't live far from here... so I can visit more often."

"I know," Hercules mutters. "My thrall has spoken of your flight from Earth. After the lashing that monster gave me, you ran with your tail tucked between your legs. We've lost everything. We can't even claim dominion over Earth anymore."

Zeus shakes his head. "It's not like that, son. Before, Valac terrorized us endlessly, day and night. We lost thousands and thousands to his scythe. I wished to move everyone together for our protection sooner, but once you confirmed his defeat, I seized the chance. Heaven is safe from demonkind. We will repopulate and return to take over our place on Earth, once again."

Hercules doesn't reply.

He stares at his father for several seconds. Disappointment, anger, guilt, and a range of other emotions pass over his face.

When Hercules next opens his mouth, his voice cracks.

"We could have had it all, father. Everything. Why did you forsake me? Why did you leave me to battle the demons alone? Together, our power could have rent them in two. Now I sit here, an enemy of my people, all because you care more about our forefathers than your own son. Why? Why?!"

Zeus doesn't hesitate. "There are things in life more important than blood and love. I love you, Hercules, from the bottom of my heart... but the power you unleashed was one that might have threatened everyone you cherish. I must protect them from the darkness inside of you."

Zeus turns around. With his back to his son, he sighs. "Your mother misses you. She will come to see you next week. Please, for my sake, and for hers... don't lash out at her. You're her last remaining child. If you make your mother cry... I won't forgive you."

Hercules and Zeus both fall silent. After a moment, the young Titan nods. "I would never hurt my mother. I'm not a monster."

Zeus nods. 

"I know."

The King of the Titans walks away. His footsteps send tremors through the ground even after he rounds the mountain and disappears from view.

Once more, Hercules' eyes begin to glow.

He nods as if speaking to someone unseen.

"Keep an eye on them. If you're right... this will be my second chance. _Our_ second chance. You're the last survivor, Jepthath. You're the key to everything."