Part 343: Deception, Disgrace, Lying Face
Part 343: Deception, Disgrace, Lying Face

_Hell Harbor, at the Hidden Emperor meeting area._

Ose straightens her posture and stands upright. She smiles at the other Emperors and Dukes present, of which there are now more than fifty.

"So we are in agreement? I don't want to have to change these plans a fifteenth time. The hour grows late, and I need to start amassing forces before we invade."

Jahn, the Duke of Cuddles, frowns at Ose. "I still don't think a second invasion is a good idea. Even if all the Emperors attack, that Cherubiim alone handily dealt with us. And you say the Wordsmith doesn't actually possess Excalibur, but what if he has a weapon of similar strength?"

"_Enough_ complaints from the Hell of Lust." Ose snaps. "Jason Hiro has no super-weapon. Like I told you before, he used his Wordsmithing to trick us. That is what he does. He may have mentally changed to become a bit more vicious, but he is not some unstoppable threat we need to fear. We won't give him enough time to rebuild, especially with his limited mana reserves. We'll dogpile onto him and destroy him before he can fight back. If we capture him, we'll solve the problem in the most efficient way. And if we kill him, we'll at least eliminate his threat."

"I still don't approve of this attack." Silvia, the Duke of Whips says. As another resident of the Hell of Lust, she voices her opposition to the invasion plan. "I'm not convinced the Wordsmith is 'faking' his power. And even if he is, I'm not convinced we could defeat a combination of him and the Cherubiim. You don't know for _certain_ that the Cherubiim won't be able to regenerate and return sooner rather than later, especially with the Wordsmith's magic assisting it. It may be unlikely, a final-ditch move to defeat us quickly in the aftermath of Stormbringer, but I feel that the Cherubiim's appearance was merely a warning shot across our bow. We're taking too great a risk attacking the Wordsmith!"

The other Hidden Emperors shake their heads at Jahn and Silvia's opposition.

"Your Hell of Lust is truly pathetic." Maltus, the Second Ancient of the Orcs, says. "We must admire a Hell which possesses two times more Dukes than all the other Hells combined, but without any Emperors to guide you, you have fallen into degeneracy and fleshbag-loving. You are far too kind toward these undeserving inferiors."

"You cannot sit this battle out." Ose adds. "You were useless against the Archangels and the Cherubiim, that much is true. But no amount of quantity would have helped defeat an ancient monster like the Cherubiim. Attacking humanity is different. The Wordsmith is only one Hero. Even if his clone assists him, the two will not be our opponents. Dukes can make a huge difference when crushing human resistances. Losing out on more than seventy Dukes will put a large dent in our invasion force's strength."

Jahn and Silvia shoot a glance at each other.

"Well..." Silvia mutters, chewing her lip. "I... I suppose if we must..."

"Yes. You must." Ose says, narrowing her eyes. "Unlike the Hell of Isolation, your Hell has no Emperors to hand down orders. So, consider this _my_ order. You will gather your troops and prepare to invade. I want billions, if not trillions of demons to descend on Tarus II. We must annihilate the humans and capture or kill their Wordsmiths. Only in this way can we finally save our species from annihilation."

"But what of the Volgrim?" Silvia protests. "And the Plague they're fighting? Don't you think-"

"No more complaints. I'm tired of listening." Ose says, snapping her fingers. "The meeting is adjourned. Everyone, pass down my orders to your Hells. Time is of the essence."

Given Ose's force of personality, and her much more intimidating presence while now owning Bael's body, she comes off sounding much more authoritative. Bael's formerly goofy expressions give way to a deadly seriousness that makes anyone think twice before contradicting him.

The two Dukes from the Hell of Lust shoot each other helpless looks before turning and walking away.

"It can't be helped." Jahn says, resting a hand on Silvia's shoulder. "Our Hell is too weak to resist. If Ose gets pissed at us, she can wipe us out without a fight. We should just go along with her orders."

Silvia purses her lips, but says nothing. A fierce light of determination enters her eyes as she and Jahn walk away from the table, heading toward the back of the hall, where Warpers from their Hell have begun the procedures to open tears in Hell Harbor's space back to their homeworld.

Ose, meanwhile, turns to Mephisto.

"Alright. Finally. I've no more time to dilly-dally. Mephisto, start amassing your undead. We'll need to sneak as many troops onto Tarus II as possible prior to our big attack. I'll be relying on your newly empowered stealth abilities for this mission."

The Emperor of Legions rises up to his full height, now nearly as tall as Ose herself.

"Kekeke. We will be sssure to sssupport you in thisss esssential endeavor, Ossse. Why bother worrying about old woundsss? We can sssimply wasssh that water under a bridge, yesss?"

Mephisto rubs his boney hands together, grinding their ossein in a manner most unpleasant.

"Of courssse, if thisss plan of yoursss failsss... then it would be a ssshame if the Wordsssmith were to ssslay you where you ssstand. He already killed Bael onccce, after all."

Ose rolls her eyes. "Bael's Balrog Form has a critical weakness. It gives up durability in exchange for power. The Wordsmith killed Bael because Bael allowed himself to be controlled by his emotions. I will not fall for such a trap. Now, if you don't mind, I'll be excusing myself."

Ose turns to Benjamin Brown and nods. The two of them depart, leaving Mephisto behind.

"Kekeke!" Mephisto chuckles, before turning to his newly empowered minions. "Gorn. You are a pawn mossst desssirable. And Lupusss, you will require sssome time to adjussst to your new body. Will you be able to wield Fenrir'sss powersss, or not? Only time will tell."

Lupus stretches her arms and legs.

"It's been a long time since I was in such a.. _weak_ body. Fenrir's figure is far too tall and slender for my liking. I'll need to build up her muscles to make myself fight better. As for using soul-attacks... I'm not good at that sort of thing. I just like punching stuff until it breaks."

Gorn, still in his fiery bird-body, merely gives Mephisto a cold look.

"Now that I am under your control, I suppose I have lost my autonomy. What would you like me to do, oh, great and wise _master_?"

Mephisto grins, momentarily reveling in having two Emperors forced to submit to him, with one of them being the former leader of a Hidden Hell.

"Kss. You will sssave me time and effort. The two of you will return to your former domainsss and rally your troopsss. Lupusss, you will asssissst Krissstoff in gathering Dukesss, Baronsss, and Lordsss. Gorn, you will do the sssame. Asss for me, I will rally my necromancersss. We mussst ssset up forcesss all over Tarusss II before the invasssion beginsss."

Gorn nods. "You give the orders, now. I follow."

His simple acceptance of Mephisto's authority gives the Emperor of Legions great pleasure. Mephisto slithers away, fading into the underground while chuckling softly to himself.

After he leaves, Gorn, Lupus, and Zamiel remain behind.

Gorn smiles slightly, drawing Lupus's attention.

"Is something funny?" She asks. "Stop smiling. I've never seen you do that. It creeps me out."

Gorn's smile spreads a little further. "Oh, am I? It's hard to tell. I must just be in a good mood. Hmm. I will see you later, Lupus. For now, I'll deliver news back to my Hell."

He departs, leaving Lupus and Zamiel to stare at his back as he walks away.

"The heck was that about?" Zamiel asks. "Gorn seems to be a little too chipper for a guy who just died and got reanimated as someone else's slave. I can't imagine he'd be anything but pissed at a time like this."

Lupus shakes her head. "That Gorn has always been strange. Don't underestimate him. Even as a slave, I bet he's plotting ways to free himself."

She and Zamiel go their own ways, leaving the other Emperors behind.

Not far away, Kristoff and several Dukes from his Hell talk quietly, keeping their voices low.

"Frankly, I'm not a fan of going along with Ose's plan." Kristoff says. "But she makes good points. If we don't eliminate the Wordsmith while we still can, he'll soon overpower us. Let's just do as she says and get this over with."

"I'm coming with you." Lupus says, as she walks over. "Just don't get any ideas, Kristoff. I might be in Fenrir's body, but I'm not your wife."

Kristoff shoots a disgusted look at Fenrir, then shakes his head. "It's not your fault, Lupus. I won't blame you. I just hate that... my wife..."

"It's a real tragedy what happened." Lupus mutters. "But at least there's still a body. Not like my husband."

Kristoff's expression softens. "I'm sorry about Wolfram. He died honorably."

"Demons don't give a shit about honor." Lupus responds. "Let's get back to our Hell."

After they leave, Yardrat and Fae linger behind, quietly talking to one another.

"We didn't come out bad at all." Yardrat says, smiling slyly at Fae. "You almost ended up in Yama's clutches, but luckily you escaped. Not one Emperor from our Hell died. It seems the biggest losers in all of this were the Hells of Blood and Calamity. The Hell of Blood lost three Emperors in various ways, and Gorn's Hell will soon fall to pieces. I bet Mephisto will keep Gorn alive as a puppet to control the fifth Hell. And with Yumagi dead, Crow and the Orcs will be the only genuine leaders capable of standing up to the necromancer."

"I'll bet Auger is pretty pleased." Fae says. "But what about Ose's plan? Will he go along with it?"

Yardrat's smile turns vicious. "Oh, yes. For now. Auger thinks this invasion could be our ticket to supremacy over all Seven Hells, especially if things were to... go south. It would be a shame if Ose ended up hoisted by her own petard."

"Never liked that bitch," Fae says, "but she's so much more annoying now that she's gotten a taste of 'true power.' Oh, if only someone would come in and give her a good slap into the dirt, it would make my day. I'm even starting to miss Beelzebub."

"Let's head back home." Yardrat says, waving his hand to summon a portal. "Emperor Auger wishes to discuss strategy with us."

After they leave, only the members of the Fifth Hell remain behind. As the hell which previously boasted the most Emperors, one might still grant them that definition, despite losing Yumagi and having Gorn fall under the control of Mephisto.

Emperor Crow, Emperor Serena, and both of the Ancient Orcs greet Gorn with dismay in their eyes. Seeing their former leader, a mighty demon who seemed poised to take a stab at Auger's power-base, fall under the control of the First Hell, dims their hopes substantially.

"Gorn." Crow says, her feathers bristling at his undead eyes. "I'm sorry for what has happened. If I had been there, perhaps Michael might not have landed that killing blow."

Surprisingly, Gorn doesn't appear too aggrieved about his circumstances. As if taking his second lease on life in stride, he merely reaches up and pats Crow's shoulder.

"Don't you worry, Lady Crow. We've plenty of interesting events on our horizon. Only a fool would count out the Hell of Calamity. Don't forget, our founder was none other than Diablo, the Archdemon himself. It was because of his leadership that the other Hells only dared whisper behind our backs. I will not fail his legacy. When he re-awakens... hehe."

Gorn's light chuckle raises some eyebrows, especially among the two Orcs.

"Is something funny?" Huul asks, nursing a minor shoulder injury that hasn't yet fully healed. "If it weren't for the dead look in your eyes, this Ancient might think you hadn't even died. Your mood seems far too 'chipper' for my liking."

"What can I say?" Gorn asks. "Sometimes, returning from beyond the grave can open a man's eyes. Let us return to our world. We have much to discuss."

"Lover," Serena says, walking over to Gorn's side. "I am simply glad to count you among the living. Considering how badly the Hell of Blood has suffered, your fate could have proven much worse."

"Indeed, it could have." Gorn replies.

He and his group, including half a dozen Dukes, head over to a nearby Warper to return to their realm.

Not long after, they travel across space in an instant, arriving on their home world of Diabolus.

As the homeworld of the Fifth Hell of Calamity, Diabolus is a torturous rock made up chiefly of molten lava, toxic fumes, and little life-sustaining forces. On this world, only the strongest demons survive the intense gravity, more than double that of the ancient Earth, and the thin oxygen, which only replenishes thanks to several magical devices littered around the planet, built by famous Orc artisans.

Upon arriving, Gorn breathes in the toxic fumes and smiles.

"Mmm. Smells like home. I always hate leaving, but it does make returning all that much sweeter."

The huge increase in gravity doesn't affect anyone in Gorn's group. Having lived amidst such heavy gravity for so long, they barely even notice the strain. To them, it feels almost like a weighted blanket, giving them a feeling of comfort.

While most other Hells live on habitable worlds or in places that some might call 'pleasant,' the members of the Fifth Hell actually prefer the choked air and high temperatures of their hellish world. To them, living on a paradise-class planet would mean turning soft. Their ambitions lay far beyond those of the other Hells.

Gorn and his group arrive at the edge of a large city made from demonstone. No matter what storms ravage Diabolus, the fortified buildings inside weather all the planet's fury without suffering so much as a scratch. Huge walls stand erected around the central structures, a series of castles built for the many Emperors and Dukes and Barons that comprise Calamity's forces. On the outskirts of the city, but still within its walled border, the more humble but still somewhat extravagant abodes of many high-ranking Demon Lords also stand, mostly standing as symbols of their authority.

Many members of the Hell of Calamity live outside the capitol city of Diabolus, but all the highest ranked ones have a vacation home inside the capitol, useful for meetings or lounging around when they've nothing better to do.

Huul and Maltus take their leave, not bothering to care about what happens with Gorn or the others. They head off to the south, toward a distant portal leading to the other side of Diabolus, in the Orc Capitol of the world.

Gorn leads the rest of his group inside, wading through crowds of low-ranking Demon Grunts who all attend to various duties. Unlike the world of Sharmur, with its rich trade and industrial roots, Diabolus mainly deals in violence. Every day, across the planet, thousands of battles take place in fighting pits, arenas, and heavily fortified stadiums capable of withstanding the shocks unleashed by Barons and Dukes. As a mainstay of entertainment among the residents of Diabolus, few demons would dare to consider themselves pacifists, and not one would mention their thoughts publicly. Gorn's world is one built on violence and barbarism, and all his elites take pride in being the deadliest among their peers.

Gorn walks down his capitol's streets, ignoring the awe-filled gazes of his lessers. His striking appearance, that of a large, fiery bird, draws countless eyeballs. It's not often he wears a different 'face', and when he does, it always attracts envy from the peons.

"I wish I could be as powerful as Gorn!"

"Did you hear? Apparently Gorn died, and now he's become a pawn of Mephisto!"

"Mephisto? That guy's just a Duke. There's no way."

"I heard Mephisto got promoted to Emperor!"

"Seriously? You can't believe all the crap the First Hell says. Those guys are a bunch of weaklings!"

Emperor Serena glides along behind Gorn, her white dress and fairy-like appearance drawing just as many eyeballs as Gorn himself. She stares at her mate silently, evaluating his condition.

Deep in her soul, she comes to a realization.

_Gorn doesn't appear worried in the slightest._

Even after losing his freedom and becoming a pawn to another Emperor, Gorn appears totally unmoved, as if he never lost anything at all. Perhaps Serena might normally chalk this feeling up to him taking things in stride, but his placidity goes well beyond any previous moments she's observed him fail or lose in battle. In all those cases, he became enraged beyond belief and nearly destroyed entire planets.

But his sheer calmness now makes her wonder if dying wasn't one of his master plans.

Serena silently shakes her head.

_How could that be? Gorn isn't the type to deliberately let himself die._

But then again...

_It does seem odd he wouldn't be able to dodge Michael's attack. Gorn has always been one of the most capable melee combatants among all the Hells. How could he fall in battle, even if to an Archangel, when that Archangel only possessed a mere construct-body?_

The group of Emperors and Dukes keeps walking until they arrive inside the main castle, away from prying eyes.

One of Gorn's Dukes takes a step forward.

"Gorn. Would you like for me to call the elites here? So you can make an announcement?"

Gorn walks up to a throne sitting in the middle of the hall. He eases into it, settles down, and smiles.

"Let's hold off for now, Duke of Moonlight. While we still have a small audience, I'd like to... try something."

The dozen or so assembled demons raise their eyebrows. Crow, in particular, appears more than a little annoyed.

"Try something? What do you mean? Don't tell me Mephisto told you to attack us once we made it home?"

"No." Gorn says, his smile widening further. "I'm not so sure I could beat you in a battle, let alone all of you at the same time. Actually, I just felt that now was the perfect time to test a... hypothesis of mine."

Without any fanfare, Gorn motions with his right hand. He summons a tiny portal beside himself, and a mask appears, one that resembles his original self. He grabs onto his face and begins to tug, pulling off the mask known as Vermillion. As he pulls, dazzling light envelops his body, shrouding his figure in blinding radiance. Once he pulls off Vermillion, he then follows up by putting on the other mask, returning himself to his 'normal' form, that of a tall and muscular Demon Emperor.

Gorn cracks his neck as his transformation finalizes.

"Ahh. How about that? I was right. It worked."

Invisible question marks pop up over the heads of his fellow Emperors and Dukes.

"Huh? What worked?" Crow asked. "What are you on about?"

Gorn doesn't immediately answer. Instead, he holds up his Vermillion mask and gazes at it with a look of sadness.

"...Pity. I always liked this face."

A moment later, Gorn squeezes his hand shut, compressing the mask with all its strength, until it explodes and sprays magical dust all around the room, making the other Emperors flinch.

"Gorn!" Serena exclaims. "You... you destroyed your Vermillion face! Why would you do that?"

Gorn chuckles softly.

"Hehehe. That Mephisto. He's not as smart as he thinks. You should know me well enough, love. Why do you _think_ I destroyed Vermillion? It has become worthless to me."

"Worthless?" Serena repeats. "I don't follow."

Crow stares at Gorn for thirty seconds, silently evaluating his actions. All at once, a spark appears in her eyes.

"Haha... hahaha! HAHAHAHA! There's no way... are you jesting, Gorn? Did you actually...?"

"Yes. I did." Gorn replies, exposing a toothy smile. "Mephisto didn't revive and enslave _me._ He enslaved Vermillion, one of my many disposable faces. Once I took Vermillion off, he lost all control over me. My Gorn face has a completely different soul imprint from Vermillion. I have regained my sovereignty!"

Gorn rises from his throne and spreads out his arms.

"Hahaha! The First Hell is truly full of fools! Mephisto never imagined there would be such a loophole to his powers, but I did, ages ago. His loss of control over Bael and Ose only confirmed my suspicions!"

Serena breathes a sigh of relief. She walks over and presses herself against Gorn, smiling up at him with her hollow eyes. "I am glad. I thought you had been lost to us. To me..."

Gorn tenderly caresses her chin. "Worry not, love. I am just as free as I have always been. Mephisto won't know that I've broken free of his shackles... not unless I tell him so."

A spark of evil appears in Gorn's eyes.

"Say. Wouldn't it be a shame if we didn't inform the First Hell of my newfound freedom? You never know when an 'accident' might befall Mephisto. His undead minions can be _so_ clumsy."

Crow grins back at Gorn, a vicious and cruel light sparking in her eyes.

"I was worried I'd have to take care of this Hell in your absence. Now I can focus on restoring my ritual reserves. It's good to have you back, future First Emperor."

"It's good to _be_ back." Gorn says with a laugh. "Now, if you'll all excuse me, I need to forge a duplicate of Vermillion. We can't have Mephisto growing wise to my deception, can we?"

"Indeed, we cannot," Serena says, kissing her mate gently. "I'll see you in our chambers later."

As the other demons depart and Gorn stays behind, the Emperor of Many Faces laughs uproariously.

"Oh, ho ho ho! The future is looking brighter every day!"