Part 661: Blacksite 41
Part 661: Blacksite 41

_January 27th, 2021. Twenty kilometers northeast of London._

In a seemingly empty and barren field, a quad-copter hovered in the air. It was an advanced model with blades contained inside circular chambers to lower the volume and make it somewhat stealthy, but its striking appearance did make it stand out more to those who saw it. Luckily, its pilot had taken an especially long and roundabout path to delivers its passengers across the many barren fields lining the landscape of Great Britain, far from the main roads where cars might casually spot its flight path.

The helicopter slowly lowered toward the field below, and at an indeterminate point, it passed through a barrier of energy that revealed the field was not as lifeless as it seemed. A single small concrete structure, barely the size of a park bathroom, stood in the center of the dead, yellowed grass, and a pair of men stood out in front of it, looking up at the descending copter.

After a minute or two, the flying machine finally landed. Another minute passed before a hatch opened up, revealing stairs that lowered to the ground. A well dressed man flanked by two bodyguards wearing tactical gear and sunglasses stepped off the quad-copter and made their way across the field.

The man in the business suit was relatively ordinary looking. He wasn't particularly handsome, but he had a notable air of charisma hidden behind his eyes. He had pale blonde hair, and it was quite thin, likely because he combed it over a bald spot that stubbornly grew bigger and bigger every year. He had sworn many times that if it became any worse, he would definitely shave his head, but the _voters_ wouldn't like seeing such a drastic change in his image. Or at least, that's the reason he gave himself to continually deny the slow and unstoppable advancement of age.

"Prime Minister Sheldon." One of the two men near the concrete structure said, as the politician walked toward them. "It's a pleasure to finally introduce you to our little operation."

This first man who spoke wore a plaid shirt and beige dress jeans. His large and clunky glasses, coupled with his slightly slouched posture, gave him the air of a middle manager. Sheldon assessed his figure immediately and assessed he was not the Person of Interest he had come to meet. That must instead be the man beside him.

Sheldon held out his hand and warmly shook the man's hand. He knew how to smile and play the part of a caring official. He'd done it a million times.

"And you are?" Sheldon asked.

"Sorry, I should have led with that, sir." The man said, chuckling awkwardly. "I'm Oliver Ward, Senior of Personnel Management at Blacksite 41. This young man beside me is our leading scientist, Edward Greer."

The moment Noah Sheldon's eyes fell on Edward's face, he sensed an aura even more formidable than his own. The charming young man, perhaps twenty-eight years of age, was nearing the prime of his life. He had a full head of blonde hair, a smile that would stun supermodels, and he wore a well-fitting dress shirt and tie. Everything about the man screamed 'future superstar.' If he ran for political office, he would become someone truly great.

"Edward! So you're the man whose name has been reaching my ears of late!" Sheldon exclaimed, his eyes visibly brightening. He clapped his hand into Edward's palm and grinned enviously at the handsome fellow blinding him with his superior aura. "I can't believe a guy as good-looking as you has put so many of the U.K.'s greatest nerds to shame! Can't you let some of your lessers have a taste of the spotlight?"

"Oh, I can't take all the credit," Edward said with a shameful wink. "It is a 'team effort' after all. Many brilliant men and women have contributed, including my fiance. Come on inside. We have everything prepared."

The group of three men and two bodyguards walked over to the building, which only had one door. It opened to reveal a service elevator leading deep into the planet's depths.

After they shut the door, the elevator spun up and began lowering them down at a surprisingly brisk pace. Sheldon almost immediately opted to ignore Oliver, the middle manager, to focus on Edward, whose star was far too bright to allow lesser men to compete.

"So, tell me about what's going on down here." Sheldon said. "I glanced through a few reports, but the bureaucratic wording... it can be a bit dry!"

"Dry indeed. I'll do my best not to bore you!" Edward chirped. "Here at Blacksite 41, we are focused on researching a certain 'exotic recovered object' that was imported from the United States. This object stumped countless leading scientists in the USA, until a team of people, led by me, managed to pass a qualifying test designed to prove we were capable of unlocking its secrets."

Edward continued. "As such, this site is partially funded by the USA, but to maintain relations, we have made sure that half of the funding comes from our government here as well."

"Good, good. Can't be having the Yanks eat up all the good stuff." Sheldon replied. "And this recovered... object. What is it, exactly? I didn't find a single mention of it in the files I was given, only vague descriptions. That's why I came here; to assess whether funding this Blacksite is truly in our country's interests."

Edward's smile vanished. In its place, a much more solemn and serious expression followed.

"Prime Minister. Under no circumstances can our great nation afford to defund this site. The 'object' in question is of such an advanced origin that it poses a threat to the entire planet. If another country were to take control of the object, it would be a catastrophic loss for us."

Sheldon blinked. He looked at Edward's face with surprise... and a hint of wariness.

"You believe it is that important?"

"I would rather die than allow it to leave our custody." Edward replied, his solemness even more stark than before. "I believe... it is _alien_ in origin."

The elevator stopped, revealing a short hallway leading into an underground warehouse with shock troopers wearing heavy armor of an advanced type Sheldon had never seen before. He blinked twice when he saw the first two men flanking both sides of the entry corridor, coldly assessing him as a potential threat. It didn't matter if he was the Prime Minister; he still registered as a potential hostile in their eyes, and they gripped their rifles tighter when he and the others approached.

Once Sheldon passed by and nothing happened, he felt an odd sense of relief. "Those men felt... intense."

"Security is extremely tight down here. You can't see it, but you're being scanned by numerous systems to assess whether or not you are... human." Edward said, flashing a quick gaze at the side of Sheldon's head. "At Blacksite 41, no security precaution is too extreme. A single leak could bring all manner of hostiles upon us."

Before Edward could say anything else, the glasses-wearing man, Oliver, suddenly intervened.

"Ah, Prime Minister, have you been debriefed on the existence of... Red Sentients?"

Bewildered, Sheldon looked at the man with confusion written all over his face. "I'm sorry. Red Sentients? Is that code for something?"

Oliver paused his walking, then glanced at Edward. "Doctor, make sure you keep this meeting focused only on official matters, as he is not in the know."

Edward looked at the Prime Minister with a hint of pity. It seemed that even the leader of the country was on a need-to-know basis when it came to the existence of demonkind and other supernatural entities. That was a shame.

"Of course." Edward said. "Apologies, Prime Minister, but regarding this matter... I can't risk a court martial. Not even for your sake. If knowledge of the Red Sentients ever arrives on your desk, it will represent an unfortunate day for our country."

Sheldon raised an eyebrow. "Is this some top-secret matter?"

"I'm not at liberty to say." Edward replied apologetically.

"Alright. I'll speak to my aides later, see if I can find out from them..." Sheldon said, his tone uncertain.

As they continued, they passed by many isolated rooms with frosted glass windows that mostly hid the interior from the view of outside observers. Some of them, however, had men and women standing outside while wearing large goggles, watching whatever was happening inside. A few of the rooms even emitted bright lights, as if some sort of weapon testing was going on inside.

"We're almost at the heart of the facility." Edward said, his voice rising an octave in excitement. "It isn't every day I get to introduce someone important to Blacksite 41's magnum opus!"

Finally, they arrived in a large open area where a giant circular room made of reinforced concrete, titanium, and several other layers kept something inside contained. Sheldon couldn't even begin to hazard a guess at what was inside.

Oliver glanced at the two bodyguards. "And you two?"

One of the men lifted his chin slightly. "Secret Wardens 0076 and 8115."

"So you've been debriefed." Oliver said. "It's a good thing Secret Warden 0002 sent a pair who know their stuff. You leak anything you see, you're dead. Your chip will overheat, and your brain will melt."

"We're well aware, sir." The bodyguard said.

Sheldon shot a strange look at them. As a politician, he had many bodyguards, and as the Prime Minister, he had so many that he couldn't remember them all. He just assumed these two were heavily armed tactical officers, but from their words, it seemed their origins were anything but normal.

"Secret Wardens?" Sheldon inquired.

"You might be the Prime Minister, but... I'm afraid this is above your pay grade." Oliver said. "Apologies. The Secret Wardens are on the same level as 'Red Sentients.' If you don't need to know, you won't be debriefed."

Sheldon frowned slightly. He didn't like being left in the dark. No man would, but especially not one who had campaigned for years and worked as hard as he had to climb to the highest office in the land. He had originally thought coming here in person was beneath him, but now?

Now he realized that there were actually hidden parts of society he had never seen before, and wasn't even qualified to know about! Maybe his loud criticisms on TV about the so-called 'deep state' didn't ring as hollow as his opponents claimed.

Even so, he shook off his curiosity. He was dying to know just what the hell was inside this circular chamber, and what it meant for the country... even the world.

Edward walked up, typed in a simple 12-digit code, then scanned his retina and his palm.

After a long minute of seemingly nothing happening, the door unlocked, and a green light flashed on the biometric scanner. It had carefully scanned his entire body for abnormalities and aberrant behavior, yet found nothing amiss.

He pulled the door open, and gestured inside.

"After you, Prime Minister."

When Sheldon entered the chamber, he was surprised to see a blue light shining in the center of the room, but its source was obscured by many, many shelving units filled with technological objects whose purposes he could not begin to discern. These shelves were surprisingly simple-looking, and purely functional in design. The objects on them, however, were anything but.

In the chamber, there were eleven other men and women, all of whom stood up and turned around when they saw the Prime Minister and his bodyguards enter.

"Welcome to the heart of Blacksite 41." Edward said. "The place where humanity's future is being developed."

Sheldon still wasn't entirely sure what was going on in this location, but it was clear by the security measures and other advanced technologies lying around haphazardly in this room that its purpose was extraordinary... perhaps even otherworldly.

"What exactly... do you do here?" Sheldon asked, hesitantly.

Edward gestured forward, then led Sheldon around the shelving units, where they finally arrived at a wall of screens circling around a glass tube. Inside that vacuum chamber, a pitch-black orb, barely the size of a fist, levitated in midair and spun with a frightening speed, perhaps hundreds of times per second, maybe even thousands. It spun so fast that from a distance its surface appeared completely smooth, with no imperfections to speak of, and the glowing blue light Sheldon saw earlier seemed to emanate from it.

"This is the object known as ET-001." Edward said, gesturing to the levitating orb. "The Americans would not tell us where they picked it up. What we do know is that they obtained it in the late 1940's, not long after the conclusion of the Second World War. Based on contextual clues, we believe it originated from... an alien spacecraft that crash-landed on Earth."

Sheldon's expression changed drastically. He looked at Edward with shock and disbelief.

"An alien spacecraft? You're certain?"

"The technology in this orb is unlike anything we've ever seen." Edward explained. "The researchers you see here are the 5th Generation of ET-001's technologists. The first generation of people who studied it, who won the right for it to be transferred to the UK, they were among the first people to spread High Technology across the world. Televisions, the vacuum-tube, computer transistors... much of it originates from reverse-engineered technology taken from ET-001."

Edward puffed out his chest. "But in recent years, it was this team right here, my team, that started to _really_ crack ET-001's code. We have finally managed to link up with it directly, and while its data files have proven to be of little value, its internal circuits are- oh!"

The scientist suddenly turned and gestured past Sheldon, to a red-headed woman standing behind him with her arms crossed and a slight frown on her face.

"I've gotten ahead of myself. Where are my manners? Prime Minister, this is my fiance, and one of the most important researchers in the history of Blacksite 41. She made many key discoveries, alongside the rest of our great team, and helped unlock the true potential of ET-001."

Edward walked over, and the woman's slight frown disappeared. She smiled when she was finally acknowledged, and her arm wrapped around Edward's waist as she directed her brilliant smile first at him, then at the Prime Minister."

"My future wife," Edward concluded, "Marie Becker."

"What a lovely lady!" Sheldon said, smiling back at Marie. "Edward is lucky to have a flower like you on his arm!"

"Oh, I haven't done all that much." Marie said politely, turning the corners of her lips up just a little more. "It was a team effort. A team effort! Everyone here deserves credit for cracking the code to making Great Britain into the future ruler of the world!"

A chorus of applause exploded in the chamber. The other scientists thanked Marie with their applause, making her and Edward beam brilliant smiles outward in all directions.

"Marie, do you want to continue the explanation?" Edward asked.

"No, no, you keep talking. You know I hate yammering on. You're much better at explaining information in a way... _laymen_... can understand." Marie said, while kissing his cheek.

Edward gave her back a light squeeze of reassurance, then pulled away.

"As I was saying, we have harnessed the power of ET-001 to create the world's very first artificial intelligence. I'm sure you've seen the news raving lately about generative AI and its effects on society... but most people have no idea that we have already successfully started work on the first _real_ prototype right here, in this underground lab."

Edward clapped his hands.

"Umi. Say hello to our guests."

At once, a monitor facing the men flickered to life, and an indistinct automaton's face came to life, its physical features vaguely in the same of a woman.

"Greetings to Prime Minister Noah Sheldon." Umi intoned emotionlessly. "I have assessed your individual deterministic markers and found you barely satisfactory in terms of accomplishment."

Sheldon blinked. "_What?_"

He looked at Edward and Marie, only to see looks of astonishment and dismay on their faces.

"I... I'm terribly sorry, Prime Minister." Edward said in embarrassment. "Umi is still in a... beta phase. We're working out the kinks in her personality. She doesn't have much of a bedside manner."

"I am only capable of uttering factual statements." Umi interjected, immediately butting back into the conversation. "In terms of physical appearance, I have designated the Prime Minister to possess an objective attractiveness rating of 3.7145 out of 10. Due to recent scandals in the news involving fornication outside of marriage, I have downgraded his political lifetime to the level of-"

"AHEM!" Edward exclaimed, nearly jumping out of his skin. For the first time today, he showed an emotion other than pride. He was clearly in disbelief of what she was saying. "Umi! Keep your _subjective opinions_ of others to yourself!"

"There is nothing subjective about my statements." Umi beeped. "Based on an analysis of one hundred and forty two million, seven hundred and fifteen thousand, six hundred and twelve inferior biologicals, the Prime Minister-"

"Quiet!" Edward shouted. "I am... ordering you not to say another word until prompted!"

Umi beeped again. "Order confirmed."

Edward's heart raced. His back turned cold with sweat as he looked over and saw the ugly expression on the Prime Minister's face.

"Ah, the machine still needs several years of fine-tuning before it is ready for governmental usage." Edward hastily explained. "When you see the future potential of Umi's predictive weather modeling capabilities, the advancements she can bring in terms of R&D..."

Sheldon's frown only deepened. He smelled something foul in the air. The promises given to him did not match what he had just observed. Not only was the machine obtuse, but it also came off as overly hostile to him.

"This... Umi." Sheldon said, his tone measured. "The entire machine is constructed around a piece of _alien_ technology?"

"That- that's right, sir." Edward said. "Highly advanced. Once we master its principles, humanity's future trajectory-"

"So what you mean to say," Sheldon interrupted, "is that this data core, or computer core, or whatever it is... it might be hostile?"

"No, no, no no no." Edward said hurriedly. "Sir, I know this was a bad first impression, but all these devices around you? These were made with the assistance of Umi. Her processing matrices are a million, maybe even a billion times more capable than what we have on Earth. Think of the advancements we'll be able to make with her cerebral circuits once we iron out the kinks!"

"Your words do not reassure me." Sheldon said, his tone grim. "Eighty years of research, and this is the best you've come up with? It didn't take one sentence before your fancy alien AI started assessing my appearance for no discernible reason. How much longer before Umi becomes useful _without_ side effects? Can you answer me that honestly?"

Edward started to answer, but he hesitated.

"Err, perhaps... perhaps another... five or so... years?"

"Five years? You expect me to believe that in only five years, this AI will become reliable enough that it won't endanger our national interests?" Sheldon pressed.

Finally, Marie Becker seemed as if she couldn't keep quiet any longer. "Prime Minister, I'm sorry Umi insulted your appearance, but there's no need to be so touchy-feely about it. Her ability to assess massive amounts of data is unparalleled. The scientific advancements we're already making are far beyond what we made just a few years ago. Due to the law of exponential returns-"

"I don't care that I was insulted." Sheldon interrupted, cutting her off with a wave of his palm. By now, any passion or interest from earlier had already evaporated. "I'm a politician, and the Prime Minister, to boot. I'm already mocked a million times a day by a million different people. If I didn't have thick skin, I'd have suffered a mental breakdown ages ago. What _bothers_ me is that this machine costs our great nation forty _billion_ pounds a year! Do you think we are the Yanks? That is a massive chunk of our budget we have to obfuscate every year and it's only growing worse as special interest groups continue to poke and prod for information on where our monetary streams are flowing."

He continued. "I'm not going to make any hasty judgments. I'm not going to shut this site down. But let me tell you, first impressions matter and I am _far_ from impressed. I'm going to go home and sleep on what I've seen here, then wake up and consult with several experts to see if the funds allocated for this site could be better spent elsewhere. If my mood improves, you might see a limited reduction in your yearly budget, but if it sours, this could very well result in a tremendous decrease in investment funds. I suggest you look into outside investment to keep afloat, because right now Umi's days are numbered."

His words rang in the air, startling every researcher and scientist in the room. Several people, including Oliver, looked at him in abject shock.

"Are you kidding me?!" Marie snapped. "Just because you don't understand the technological principles, you're going to potentially shut us down?! What about your forebearers who deliberately kept us afloat, all with the future promise of a singularity that would make the nation unstoppable?! If you don't invest in us, the US might wrestle back full control, and that would be a disaster for everyone! Those warmongers would surely-"

"I've heard enough." Sheldon said, raising his palm. "I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but maybe you should have put a tighter leash on your little captive alien AI. It would take a miracle at this point to convince me that continued excessive funding of Umi is worth the effort. Everyone, I'll be taking my leave now."

Sheldon gave a courteous nod and a forced smile, the turned on his heels and left the chamber. As he and his bodyguards departed, followed by a shaking and fearful Oliver, the remaining researchers stared at his departing back in horror.

"W...what the hell just happened?!" Marie exclaimed, shouting at her fiance. "This wasn't in the cards!"

Edward paled. He looked even more lost than her. "I don't... know."

Nobody had expected the Prime Minister's meeting to go so wrong, so quickly. Umi's uncontrolled words had ruined the script and show they had carefully prepared, ruining weeks of work on Edward's part to make a good impression.

Now, their entire future was up in the air... and humanity's survival was at stake.

...

Elsewhere, across the world, in a secret location in Idaho, Hideki Hiro sat inside his log cabin and glanced at his watch.

"Hmm. Today is the day the Prime Minister visits Umi. Should I intervene like usual? Or should I leave them to their own devices?"

He scratched his head, then shrugged.

"Whatever Jason's working on is probably going to change the timeline drastically anyway. I'll just leave Marie alone for now. She can handle the situation."

He took a sip of his coffee, then tossed the matter to the back of his mind...