Part 613: Back to the Future
Part 613: Back to the Future

Inside the Labyrinth Core, Demon Deities Melody, Yardrat, Auger, and Kristoff continue to remain standing in place, their feet adhered to the ceiling. With the low spirits of the humans having been uplifted by the return of Jason Hiro, the three Deities currently positioning themselves as humanity's enemies also find themselves in an awkward spot. It would be one thing if the Wordsmith was dead. They could continue to bully the humans and taunt Melody repeatedly. But with him still alive, all their plans have to change, and nobody is more cognizant of this fact than Auger himself.

The former Emperor strokes his goatee thoughtfully, his aged face making him appear as old and decrepit as Agares once did. Even so, age is merely a mirage for the demons. Since they are all immortal, any signs of 'aging' are likely a result of overextending their life-force by overusing their powers. Naturally, they can still die from this, but few demon elites have ever been so stupid as to die in this way.

"So." Melody says, smiling at the other Deities. "What were you saying earlier? I seem to have forgotten. Perhaps you can refresh my memory?"

Kristoff sighs. "Sharmur is yours. Do as you see fit with it. We will not interfere. Consider your pet humans _fortunate_ that their protector returned, alive and well."

"How did he survive, anyway?" Yardrat asks, looking at Melody suspiciously. "Did he die and then revive? If so, how? The Lazarus Tower fell before anything else. The Psions would not be so stupid as to leave it standing."

Melody shrugs. "The Wordsmith is smarter than you think. He probably faked his death, just to see what would happen."

"No." Auger counters. "I very much doubt that. Why would he allow Tarus II to be blown up? If he's as smart as you say, he would surely have protected it from the Psions. I believe he _did_ die, then he revived. It might explain how Beelzebub became a Demon Deity. Perhaps Beelzebub Ascended through some pre-planned mechanism between the two of them."

"Beelzebub does have the ability to revive from death endlessly." Yardrat points out. "The little bastard is an unkillable cockroach. He is likely the strongest Cosmic in the Milky Way at this point. Even if Founder Dosena had not met such a terrible fate, I doubt she would be able to outlast a truly immortal Cosmic in a battle of endurance."

Melody's smile turns to a slight frown. Even she has no idea how Jason came back to life, but based on the other Deities' words, they seem to be thinking Beelzebub's power had something to do with it.

Their guesses certainly don't seem implausible. Once he ascended to a Cosmic, all bets were off the table. Beelzebub could already regenerate from death within seconds as a mere Emperor. Surely, as a Cosmic, it wouldn't be outside the realm of possibility for him to resurrect other fallen entities, including the Wordsmith.

If so, then the loss of the Lazarus Tower won't affect humanity nearly as adversely as the demons expected. Beelzebub might even be reviving humans en-masse as they speak!

The other Deities wear troubled expressions. This at least gives Melody a hint of delight. The fact they're visibly alarmed by Beelzebub's power means they won't dare act too far out of line. They have to consider what sort of swift and violent retaliation he might bring about if they piss him off.

"You know," Melody says playfully, "while you lot bitch on and on about the humans, it occurs to me... the Volgrim don't have a Middle Cosmic protecting them anymore. Isn't that interesting?"

Auger sneers. "Who knows what measures those ancient monsters have at their disposal? Even if they lack a Middle Cosmic, they might be able to uplift a High Psion to the position quicker than we expect. Their 'weakness' could easily be a charade. For Founder Dosena to so foolishly trigger an Akashic backlash despite knowing the price she'd have to pay, it makes one's mind wander. We'll worry about the Volgrim later. We still have the Plague to deal with."

"Indeed, that we do." Melody says, putting this discussion to rest. She glances down at the humans, noting the distinct split between people traveling to Pixiv and people traveling to Sharmur. "We're all friends here, right? So I can speak to you honestly?"

Auger smirks, but says nothing to refute her words. He simply nods.

"What happened at Maiura was a wake-up call." Melody says solemnly. "Forget your feelings toward the humans for a moment. Do you understand just how fucked we are? Humans, demons, and Volgrim alike. The Plague is not a mindless organism hellbent on feeding. It is an intelligent super-entity capable of thoughtful planning and deception. It waited to reveal its mass-psionic capability until the moment humanity was least able to counter it. It nearly swallowed another Executor. The Kolvaxors it now possesses are Low Cosmics that fight like Bottom Cosmics but have bodies as durable as Middle Cosmics. If those Kolvaxors come for Sharmur, Yardris, Hell Harbor, or any of demonkind's other worlds, none of you will be able to resist. Being a Middle Cosmic means nothing in the face of such massed power."

Her words cause the other Deities to cease their smirking and gloating.

Indeed, every word she speaks is 100% correct. Their petty disputes mean nothing in the face of this galaxy consuming super-organism.

"Speak plainly." Kristoff says. "What are you proposing? A ceasefire? A treaty?"

"Why not? We only have to deal with Jason Hiro now. Not Hope, and not Neil Adams." Melody points out. "Jason wants all the Sentients to unite against the Plague. He has already demonstrated his willingness to bolster demonkind's members."

"That was _before_ the Volgrim betrayed him." Yardrat points out. "We have no idea what sort of headspace he's in now. You saw how panicked he was earlier? He was practically frantic with fear, looking for his wife. We can't assume the old status quo will remain."

"You should at least entertain the idea." Melody says. "In fact- hmm?"

She pauses, then looks off into the distance, her cosmic vision piercing the Labyrinth walls. At the same time, the other Deities also look in that direction as well.

"Wait, is that...?" Kristoff starts to ask.

"It is." Auger answers, his expression darkening.

Inside the Labyrinth Core, the humans continued moving through the two portals to Pixiv and Sharmur in a relatively calm and orderly manner. Naturally, even with the Wordsmith having returned, many people were broken-hearted and despondent. A massive number of humans perished on Maiura and Tarus II, leaving only 180,000 alive in Realspace. Among those, roughly 120,000 chose to go to Sharmur, while 60,000 migrated to Pixiv. This alone showed how Jason's survival affected the survivors, giving a bit of spirit to those who would rather thrive under his future rule.

Among the people choosing to migrate to Sharmur is a surprising pair of faces; Cassiel and Soleil. The two angels naturally disguise themselves as ordinary humans, but they opt to go to the demon-controlled world of Sharmur rather than the friendlier world of Pixiv.

"I must protest..." Soleil hisses under her breath to Cassiel. "You will be in greater danger there if the demons uncover your identity. I do not believe 'Melody' will allow you to live if she knows who you are. She is not a true ally of humanity."

"Perhaps not." Cassiel says stoically. "But I am a human at heart. Transformed into a lesser angel, yes, but still one who aligns with her people. There are going to be more humans on Sharmur than on Pixiv. I can draw upon a higher volume of faith energy and convert it into a weapon to protect them."

Beside Cassiel and Soleil, another woman slinks along, her face and body covered by a shawl.

Lily Brown, the daughter of Benjamin Brown.

"Cassiel was really brave, staying as long as she did to save people." Lily whispers. "I agree with her judgment. Humanity needs more people to stand out in these dangerous times. I believe in her."

"She is not strong enough to protect herself." Soleil argues. "We are dancing on a knife's edge. We can't risk the last living angel's life just to save some ordinary humans!"

"These 'ordinary humans' are my kin." Cassiel argues back. "I don't look at myself as an angel, anyway. I am still a human at heart. My life is no more valuable than theirs."

"But..." Soleil starts to protest.

"No more buts, Soleil. I need you to trust me and protect me from the greatest dangers. Are you still willing to do that?" Cassiel asks, looking her construct companion in the eyes.

Soleil lowers her head, looking a little glum. "Of course. We'll do it your way, then- ah!"

Soleil's eyes suddenly narrow. She grabs Cassiel and pushes the angel behind herself protectively, then looks to the great doors of the Labyrinth Core with fear and hatred in her eyes.

"It's... him!"

Cassiel's heart turns cold. She quickly peeks out from behind Soleil, her bravado from earlier disappearing in an instant.

"No... it can't be..."

The three women watch in horror as a figure slowly strolls toward the Labyrinth Core, causing the soldiers positioned outside to shriek in fright.

"G-Gressil! It's Emperor Gressil!"

"All soldiers to battle stations- wait, what's he dragging behind him? Two bodies...?"

"Oh my god! NO! Say it isn't so!!"

The soldiers lose their composure. These battle-hardened warriors scream in horror as Gressil walks right past them, unbothered by the weapons they've trained on him, and the terror on their faces.

"Haha. Hello, humans." Gressil says, his rumbling voice reeking of smugness. "It's been a while. Come, take a look. I brought presents."

The moment Gressil steps into the Core, he pauses for half a breath, then casually chucks two bodies from his right and left hands out into the central area, causing a few humans nearby to jump back in fright. When the bodies land, their eyes shrink to pinpricks.

"J-Jason Hiro? Phoebe?!"

"Dead?! Oh, divines! They're dead!!"

"Aaaaaiiieee!!"

Jason Hiro's cold corpse stares forward unblinkingly, as does his wife's. The two former leaders of humanity lay immobile on the ground, their very existence sucking all the remaining hope from anyone who looks upon them.

On the ceiling, the Demon Deities stare at the corpses in disbelief.

"Unbelievable! How could he..." Melody exclaims, her heart turning to ice.

"Why didn't he do this sooner?" Yardrat snarks. "Well, if those two are the real deal, then it looks like a lot of problems just got solved!"

"What an... interesting development." Auger adds, a cold smile playing upon his face.

Gressil swivels his head from side to side, soaking in the fear and terror of the humans around him.

"Haha. Anyone having doubts? I've been planning this for a while, you know. I waited until the Hero was busy fighting his clone. Then I killed his wife. When he came to get her, I used the emotional shock to strike him when he was most vulnerable. All that power, and the Wordsmith still fell to me. Haha."

Gressil grins evilly, looking up at the Deities with a smile that gives even them pause.

"That's right. I killed the last living Wordsmith. Now humanity has no Hope, and it doesn't have Jason either! Haha."

Many people drop to their knees. They lose their will to live, staring hollowly at the body of the Wordsmith in despair.

At this moment, Linda and Chadwick push through the crowd, having been alerted by the commotion. Despite the tragic sight before them, Linda remains stoic. She looks at Jason and Phoebe for a moment, then turns to look at Gressil.

"You don't really expect us to believe these bodies are real?"

Her words cause an ember of hope to flicker in the hearts of those present. Many people turn to look at her, then they look at Jason and Phoebe's corpses.

That's right. These remains could be fake!

But Gressil merely laughs. "Haha. You can examine them yourselves. They're the real deal. I've already accomplished my goals. Haha. Hahahaha... like I'd resort to such a petty trick. I'm sure these cadavers have some value to the Demon Deities, but they won't make a move on them. Not without my permission. Isn't that right?"

The moment the words leave Gressil's mouth, Auger flickers from the ceiling and reappears beside the Emperor of Chaos, his arms crossed. He grimaces slightly, marveling at how Gressil's chaos energy somehow manages to affect even his Middle Cosmic power. Likely, this is because his Astral Avatar only possesses strength at the Demon Emperor level.

"We will not interfere. It would be disrespectful to desecrate the bodies of humanity's honored dead. But Gressil, tsk. How rude of you to kill the Hero without the permission of your superiors. You have truly soured relations between our species!"

Gressil sneers. "Oh, I _do_ beg your pardon, great Deity. Haha. I'll be expecting a punishment most severe. Make sure you think carefully on what it will be. It must be _proportional_ to my crime, after all."

"Indeed. We'll discuss this matter later." Auger retorts, taking no action to punish Gressil beyond some hollow words. He vanishes from the spot and reappears on the ceiling, leaving the Emperor of Chaos alone once more.

Gressil smiles. He looks at Linda, then his gaze flicks toward a seemingly random part of the crowd.

In that moment, Cassiel's heart metaphorically freezes solid. She starts to shiver as she meets Gressil's gaze, finding herself unable to look away.

But a moment later, he averts his eyes, returning his attention to Linda.

"Terribly sorry about leaving this mess on your floor. Well, at least I found a good drop-off spot for my trash. Haha. Make sure you bury the bodies somewhere these naughty grave-robbers won't find. I'll be on my way now."

"Demon." Linda hisses. "Do you think we'll let you leave here alive?!"

She raises her fist, and all at once, a thousand guns train on Gressil's position. However, nobody shoots, as she hasn't given that order.

Gressil pauses. He cocks his head and frowns.

"Oh? You want to attack me, after I so generously returned these trinkets? I gave you the opportunity to bury the Wordsmith instead of leaving him in a hallway for Hellhounds to feast, and this is how you repay me?"

Linda's eye twitches.

Every fiber of her humanity screams to gun Gressil down, but unfortunately, logic warns her not to.

Gressil is not helpless. He is a Demon Emperor, and a powerful one at that. Even with humanity's enhanced weapons, they might not be able to take him down.

Additionally, she is all too aware that the Deities are watching. Melody alone is no match against three powerhouses at her level, and Beelzebub isn't here to help either.

Most importantly, Auger's words confirmed that he and the other Deities were extremely pleased by Gressil's actions. By eliminating the Wordsmith, Gressil completely neutered humanity's threat. They will almost certainly lose the ability to stand up to the demons as time drags on.

Attacking Gressil could spark a flame that would swallow all the humans still present in the Core. Countless precious civilians would die, lowering humanity's numbers even further!

Linda's eyes flicker with rage. Losing Neil, then Hope, then Jason, and even Phoebe, as well as hundreds of thousands of other humans has her experiencing levels of rage she never could have fathomed a week before. But now, those emotions threaten to jeopardize everything humanity has left!

Just as Linda is about to give up and tell her soldiers to lower their weapons, a voice rings out from the crowd.

"You! You fucking BASTARD!!"

A demoness pounces from behind the wall of humans, her eyes feral with rage. She snaps a long, stretchy arm at Gressil's neck, aiming to decapitate him as her fingers turn to knives.

Gressil instantly teleports to the side, dodging the attack. He looks at Belial, his smile vanishing as he senses her volcanic hatred erupting into the heavens.

Of all the Emperors in the Labyrinth, she is, without a doubt, the one who poses the greatest threat to him.

After all... she nearly killed him the last time they fought!

Belial's knives stab into the ground. She yanks herself forward, then alters course by relying on her strength to continue striking at Gressil's new position. He quickly teleports away, and she hits the floor running, immediately locking onto his second position. With so many humans taking up space, Gressil can't maneuver freely even in such a wide-open area as the Labyrinth Core.

"Ahhh!!"

Belial roars. Her arms swiftly start to morph and stretch, snapping at Gressil faster than any human's eyes can react.

Gressil teleports once, twice, three times. He flickers around rapidly, narrowly evading death as Belial's highly attuned demonic vision easily tracks him by the void left wherever his body teleports. Instead of sensing his demonic energy, she senses the point where all the mana in the room is at its lowest, and uses that to quickly lock-on to his spatial coordinates.

She pursues him relentlessly, forcing him to escape back into the Labyrinth.

"Come back here, you dead dog!" Belial screams. "Is that all you can do, RUN?! You took her from me! YOU TOOK HER!!"

Some of the human troopers look on, wanting to at least shoot at Gressil to try and assist Belial, but without Linda's express approval, they don't dare.

Linda watches as Belial and Gressil disappear further into the Labyrinth, eventually disappearing from sight. The Labyrinth quakes and rumbles each time Belial's fists smash its walls, making the humans and monsters still in the Core shudder at the thought of the fates they'd meet if she came after them.

Eventually, Linda lowers her fist, causing the troopers to lower their guns, and she gestures toward Jason and Phoebe's bodies.

"Recover those two." Linda says, her tone empty. "We'll verify their identities and determine what to do next based on whether those bodies are really... _them_."

The humans fall silent, watching as four troopers each hoist up Jason's body, then four more retrieve Phoebe. The moment of silence extends outward as people lower their heads, respectfully acknowledging the passing of their Hero and his wife.

Jason was humanity's muscle. Phoebe was its heart.

With the two of them gone, many people can't help but fall into despondency.

How can they possibly continue, knowing that they no longer have a Hero on their side?

Linda, seeing the pain on everyone's faces, comes to a swift decision.

She takes a step forward and raises her voice.

"Brothers. Sisters! I know this is hard for all of you to accept. It pains me to say this... but both Wordsmiths are likely dead. Phoebe Hiro joins them. And Neil Adams, my husband, and our great Commander... he is also dead!"

She remains silent for a moment, swallowing heavily before continuing to speak.

"But do not give in to despair! Have you forgotten?! We still have Heroes! Hope raised a fine family! His sons and daughter will carry on their father's work! No doubt, they will need time to grieve, and it is a fact that their powers are not as versatile as those of the Wordsmiths. But a Hero is a goddamn Hero! Many Heroes have existed, and all of them have left an impact on our species!"

Linda closes her eyes and pounds her fist against her chest, beating it in grief.

"Even if all our Heroes die, it does not matter. Do you hear me?! IT DOES NOT MATTER!! Because we are humans! We improvise! We adapt! We overcome! Even when the odds are stacked against us, we resist those who think themselves our superiors!"

Acting on pure instinct, Linda raises a finger to point at the Deities on the ceiling above.

"Do you hear me, you villains?! You may think you've won the war, but we STILL have Champions! And if you kill them, we'll just raise more! We will never give up! Because we are humans! And humanity ALWAYS rises to fight its greatest threats! Unless you exterminate us entirely, you will never go to sleep thinking it will be smooth sailing for your evil, disgusting, demonic machinations!"

Linda's words lift the spirits of the humans listening. Countless soldiers record her speech from a myriad of angles and broadcast those words to the soldiers in the back, who in turn broadcast it to the platoons that migrated to Pixiv and Sharmur. They, likewise, broadcast her words to the rest of the people on humanity's new makeshift homeworlds.

"So go ahead!" Linda says, her face contorting into a jeering expression. "Laugh at us! Mock us! Revel in our pain! But someday soon, you will eat shit when we spray it in your faces! Humanity will not be bullied by any of your ilk! We will have the last laugh, no matter how long it takes or how many lives we lose in the process! And someday... someday we will conquer this entire galaxy! When that day comes, you'll wish you had stood beside us from the beginning!"

Her words evoke a chorus of cheers. The humans inside the Core raise their fists to the sky, then extend their middle fingers toward the Deities above them.

"Screw you, demon bastards!"

"Humanity will reign supreme!"

"We're not afraid of a bunch of bullies!"

"Humans never give up!!"

As the humans chat various slogans, Melody's heart sinks.

_Linda, you idiot! If the Deities choose to attack, they'll massacre you all! I can't protect you by myself!_

But to her surprise, Auger and the others remain mute. They simply cross their arms and look down on the humans, unbothered by their protest.

"Hmm. I pray that made them feel a little better." Yardrat says. "But what a shame. I've looked at the remaining Heroes and found them lacking. A bunch of brats consisting of a musclehead, a fancy magical-girl, and a boy barely out of diapers. They're no threat to us."

"We only need to worry about _two_ people." Kristoff says, directing a smug smile at Melody. Naturally, the other entity he is thinking of can be none other than Beelzebub.

"It was a fine speech." Auger says, surprising the others by praising Linda. "Who knows? It may even have some positive, if otherwise minor effects. Now, Melody, if you'd be so kind, I tire of these insects taking up valuable space in _my_ Core. Tell them to scurry off to their safe-worlds."

Melody grimaces. Luckily, the other Deities didn't lash out, or the humans would truly be in for a world of hurt.

"Yeah. Sure. I'll do that." Melody says, disappearing from the ceiling and reappearing in the crowd below.

Auger strokes his goatee thoughtfully after she departs.

_I do wonder if Hope's children will ever pose us a threat, though. Perhaps we should try finding their location, just in case a... preliminary strike... would best suit demonkind's interests._

...

Meanwhile, Belial chases Gressil at top speed. She tears down the Labyrinth halls, sticking to him like a fly on a turd. Even when Gressil teleports hundreds of feet away and reappears inside a tunnel disconnected from the one Belial is in, she merely smashes through the Labyrinth's ultra-hard walls like a brute, reaching Gressil's new position within seconds.

"How troublesome!" Gressil growls.

Belial pounces at him, but this time, when he teleports, he changes his strategy and reappears within arm's length of Belial, taking her by surprise.

**THUMP!!!**

Gressil smashes his fist against Belial's face, pounding her into the side of the Labyrinth walls. While he might not be as strong as her, he is absolutely a powerhouse among the Emperors, and he manages to put her lights out for a second or two.

Instead of continuing his successful attack in the hopes of killing her, Gressil takes the chance to put some serious distance between himself and Belial. He teleports away and withdraws his Chaos Aura within himself, making his presence much smaller. Then he turns invisible, hiding within his illusions while sending out fake versions of himself to travel down multiple hallways. By the time Belial recovers from her momentary stun, she has already failed to lock-on to Gressil's new position.

"No! NO! You coward!!" Belial yells. "Come back here! Face me like a man!!"

But Gressil does not oblige. He fades away, and before long, Belial loses track of him entirely.

A minute later, her rage deflates, turning to despair. She heals her wounded face, then slumps against the wall of the pitch-black hallway, her heart turning to stone.

"Phoebe... Phoebe... I... I'm so sorry... I failed you. I should have been there for you."

It wasn't long ago that Fiona recalled Belial to Chrona. There, she learned that Phoebe had died during teleportation, likely perishing due to the sudden increase in time dilation speed. But hearing Gressil speak, Belial thought at the time he must have somehow been the one to kill her instead!

It's only now, after her rage has cooled, that Belial realizes the truth of the matter.

"No... it wasn't Gressil." Belial whispers, her eyes flickering with insight. "Phoebe _did_ die during teleportation. That scheming... he didn't kill Phoebe. He lied to everyone in the Core... but to what end? If he didn't kill Phoebe, then does that mean he didn't kill Jason, either? But... Jason is dead! Does it even matter if Gressil killed him or not?"

Belial grabs at her hair in frustration. Unable to think clearly, all she can feel is grief swallowing her soul from all directions.

Phoebe was everything to her.

She loved Phoebe. She loved her as much as she loved Satan, all those years ago.

She would have killed for Phoebe. She would have died for her.

But now Phoebe is gone.

"I... I don't have anything left to live for." Belial mutters.

She lays there, in the hallway, her back slumped against the wall.

Minutes pass. Belial stares ahead, her expression vacant, tears slowly trickling down her face.

But eventually, Belial regains her composure. She staggers to her feet and wipes her tear-filled eyes.

"Phoebe loved humanity. If... if she's gone... then I'll love humanity too."

"And... there's still Timothy. I can't let him grow up motherless. I'll take care of him. I'll do what I can to raise him right. That's what Phoebe would have wanted."

Belial looks up at the ceiling.

"That's the least I can do to honor her memory...!"