Part 123: Vengeance of the Damned
Part 123: Vengeance of the Damned

A disorienting rush of motion greets me when I arrive inside my next host. After lying sedentary in Diablo's body for the previous vision, appearing inside the mind of someone right in the heat of a battle sends waves of nausea through my stomach. I bounce, twirl, and spin on a spear grasped in my right hand, while using a second spear in my left to lash out and impale a demon through his mouth. The demon's eyes bolt open in terror, but he isn't fast enough to dodge.

"Hahahaha! Bloodskin bastard, take that!" My host, Uriel, cackles with glee. She lifts her crimson spear to stare at the demon skewered on its end, only to then violently slam it into the ground, tearing the demon's head in half and killing him instantly.

All around us, a small battle of perhaps thirty demons and half a dozen angels erupts into chaos. Scythers and grunts take up their positions, quaking in fear the whole time. To my right, Catherine and Sophia work together to eviscerate five Scythers, while on my left, Gabriel, Hyacinth, and Penelope take turns hitting the rest of the enemies.

Gabriel aims his hand at one of the demons. An instant later, a laser of holy magic fires from his palm and sends the demon's brains splattering out all over the grass. The grunt flies backward and lands in a pool of blood. His limbs twitch, then go still.

The Archangel of Power doesn't smile or scowl. His face betrays no emotion as he systematically turns and kills another demon immediately. He never hesitates. He moves with precision, not wasting a single bit of energy.

Uriel pounces over to her brother and skewers a demon sneaking up behind him in the grass. She stabs through his spine, impales him to the ground, and decapitates him with the bladed end of her golden spear.

"Cheer up, Gabriel!" Uriel says with a smile. "Have some fun! I love letting out aggression on these bloodskins!"

Gabriel doesn't echo her grin. "I do not. Let us finish this battle quickly."

"Oh, come on. Lighten up, will you?"

The Archangel of Power shakes his head. "I am incapable of enjoying such barbarism."

Uriel's smile vanishes. "Fine. Be like that!"

Pivoting on her heel, Uriel dashes over to two Scythers. They swing their bladed arms to disembowel her, but she leaps into the air and flaps her wings, rushing at them before they can react. She tears the one on the right in half with both spears while scorching the second to ash with a fire-kick.

Sophia screams. I turn around just in time to see a scyther yank his bladed arm out of her kidney. The pink-haired angel staggers away and clutches her wound. Uriel's eyes widen in horror as the demon prepares to cut her down. "No!!"

A flash of light rushes forward and slams into the demon's chest, tossing him like a sack of potatoes onto his back. Hyacinth raises a massive longbow of light, summons arrows one after the other, and riddles Sophia's attacker with holes. Each one travels at nearly the speed of sound, impacting her enemies with enough force to launch them off their feet and send them flying.

The ground rumbles behind me. Instinctively, Uriel whirls to face the incoming threat and summons a wall of light. Right on cue, the dirt bursts open, and Artorias pounces out. He slams against Uriel's light-wall while dozens of other demons flood out of the tunnel behind him.

"Angel scum!"

Uriel growls in her throat. "Burrowing bastard."

With a twist of her wrist, Uriel sends her light wall toppling forward to pulverize Artorias. He dives underground just in time to avoid the counter-attack, narrowly avoiding a gruesome death. Her light wall flattens the grass and dirt, crushing the legs of one unfortunate demon who couldn't evade in time.

Uriel cackles. "Hahaha! An ambush?! Do not make me laugh! I felt the vibrations of thy approach from a mile away!" She lifts her right foot at the exact instant Artorias's hand bursts from underground. The demon tries to grab her, but fails. A second later, he dives beneath the Earth again.

The Archangel of Protection narrows her eyes toward his burrow points. _The bloodskins are trying to surround us from the sides and below, eh? They won't live to regret that mistake._

Uriel plants the butts of both her spears in the terrain and quickly forms magical signs. As demons pounce out of Artorias's tunnel, the Archangel finishes her conjuration and slaps her palm against the dirt.

_Let's shake things up a bit!_

Three seconds later, a massive earthquake rumbles the continental plates. The demons trip and fall, losing their footing as they try to stay upright. Uriel takes the opportunity to grab her spears and charge at the nearest enemies.

Within a minute, all of the horned fiends end up corpses laying in the mud. The planet ceases its shaking, but the remaining demons scurry away. They run for the hills, barely escaping with their lives. Uriel glances around, looking for the burrowing demon, but her search proves fruitless. Artorias escapes with his life.

Uriel turns and flies toward Sophia. The pink-haired Saint leans against a boulder and grits her teeth as Hyacinth quickly directs healing magic into her kidney. "Ahh! It hurts!"

The remaining Saints and Gabriel fly over and land in a protective circle around us.

"Sophia. Art thou gravely injured? What happened?" Gabriel asks.

"A scyther nearly cut our sister in half," I reply. "Luckily, Hyacinth was able to save her. I had my hands full."

We all watch silently, pausing only to look around for potential ambushes. None appear. Hyacinth furrows her brow as she finishes healing Sophia. "Alright, sister. I've finished. We must have Uzziel give that wound a second look. My healing magic is nowhere near as potent as hers."

Sophia gingerly touches the skin where a black spot is all that remains of her impalement. "It's fine; barely even hurts. Is everyone else okay? Uriel?"

Uriel rolls her eyes. "The fiends didn't land a scratch on me. More importantly, thou must watch thy back, Gabriel. One of the little bastards nearly struck thee from thy blind spot. Thou art lucky I caught him in time."

Gabriel stares at me for a moment, then shrugs. "Everything worked out in the end, did it not? Hyacinth would provide healing if the demons managed to hurt me, despite how unlikely such a feat might be."

Uriel frowns. _There goes Gabriel again, with his talk of luck and fortune. If I don't watch his back, the big oaf is liable to get himself killed._

With a shake of her head, Uriel turns to Penelope. "I encountered that demon. The one who tunnels underground. Dids't thou get a good look at him?"

Towering over everyone but Gabriel, the giantess angel shakes her head. "I did not. Sorry. Hyacinth and I were preoccupied with one of the fire-type demons."

Catherine raises her hand and draws words in the air. _I felt a presence. Someone watching us. Distance. Chilling sensation._

She gestures toward Mount Sinai's peak, visible nearly ten miles away. A forest stands between the summit and us, indicating that to return, we have to fly above it.

_Hiding in forest. Didn't see the watcher._

Uriel scowls. "One of the demon scouts, I'd wager. Damn. We know their burrows are somewhere in those woods. I ought to scorch the whole thing to the ground."

"Uzziel would not like that," Gabriel replies. "Besides. The trees aren't hurting anyone."

"It's not about the damned-"  Uriel catches herself before berating her brother. She sighs. "Haah. Never mind. Since the red rats have fled underground, we can't pursue them now. Let us return to Uzziel and Raphael. We need to have Sophia's injury double-checked, anyway."

Sophia looks like she wants to protest, but Uriel waggles a finger. "No if's, and's, or but's."

The two Archangels and the Saints flap their wings and soar into the sky. Catherine and Penelope flank Sophia on both sides, staying beside her just in case her injury turns critical, and she loses her ability to fly. As for me, my eyes flick to the hundred or so demon bodies below us. Instead of flying south toward Sinai, we head to the east of it, away from the cloud of Cherubs circling overhead.

_These past several months have proven troublesome,_ Uriel thinks to herself. _It seems every few days our scouts spot packs of bloodskins roaming the Earth. And now... their Blight has become so pronounced that it's impossible to ignore._

Uriel flicks her eyes to the north, where a horrible sight makes my stomach churn. A second forest nearly five miles away, once a beautiful patch of green I saw when the angels flew toward Mount Olympus, has transformed into a dead chunk of land colored black and brown. It's only now that I begin to notice how _silent_ the world sounds. No birds fly around in the skies or chirp in the trees. Below us, not a single animal wanders the plains. Uriel's eyes wander across the landscape, searching for the faintest speck of life, but no matter where she looks, none presents itself.

_The Blight has transformed this land into a valley of death. It won't be long before the forest nearest Sinai begins to crackle and fizzle away as well. Without the creatures and insects to maintain the greenery, only a scorched Earth will remain. Why, I wonder, must the rat bastards choke and kill everything they touch? Is it their nature, or is this some new tactic?_

Uriel shakes her head.

_Their reasons don't matter to me. They murdered thousands of my brothers and sisters, including Samael. I will pay them back ten times over._

Turning her gaze away from the smothered, dead forest to the north, Uriel continues leading the Saints alongside her brother.

Gabriel stares ahead, unblinking, at our destination; A small hill range about twenty miles away, where Uzziel and Raphael await our return. I recognize it as the place where Uzziel observed her pet humans during a previous vision.

Uriel purses her lips. "Brother. Art thou alright? I do not appreciate thy lack of vigilance during that fight. If I hadn't been there to protect thee..."

Gabriel shrugs. "I know not what is causing thee such consternation. After all, the bladed arms of those demons would not have pierced my Divine Aura. Even if they had, Hyacinth would have healed me. In the end, thy spears saved me. Everything worked out as it should."

Frowning, Uriel turns her head to stare at Gabriel in annoyance. "I care not how much faith thou dost place in thy 'divine aura,' Gabriel. 'Tis no excuse to lower thy guard amidst a heated battle. I may not always be capable of protecting thee. Thou art lucky the Undying didn't overwhelm thee during the battle against Valac. From what I heard-"

Gabriel raises his palm to silence me. "I understand. Thy concern is touching, Uriel. However, a few small fries wouldn't be able to kill me even if they put their very essence into an attack. As always, thy fixation on death and murder disturbs me. Along with Michael, thou hath little interest in seeking peace with our enemies. Both of thee could stand to take a step back and ask who is to blame for this war."

Uriel balks. "Who is to blame? Brother! Look no further than the little red rats who murdered Samael! How coulds't thee insinuate we were responsible for their barbarism when so much evidence exists to the contrary?"

Gabriel frowns. "My words did not come out as I intended. All I wish to convey is that the demons are not the only ones at fault for this ongoing war. Perhaps, had we treated them more fairly, they might not have revolted in the first place. Even now, rather than pursuing the demons with the aim to eliminate them, we could stay in Heaven, and they would never be able to hurt us again." 

The Archangel of Power sighs, and he closes his eyes for a moment. "We've lost brothers and sisters needlessly, all because of some worthless quest for vengeance."

The ground rushes below us as the angels fly forward at nearly a hundred miles an hour. Uriel shakes her head, unable to fathom Gabriel's words as we hurtle toward our destination. "I always have trouble understanding thy logic, Gabriel. Our quest for vengeance is far from worthless. It is a goal worth pursuing. It sounds to me like thou woulds't prefer we had ignored Samael's death."

Gabriel falls silent. He continues staring forward, unblinking, as thoughts swirl in his mind.

"Nay... that is not what I mean. I wish only to prevent more needless suffering. Samael was a precious brother. I loved him deeply, as I love thee. However, I also loved Brother Listrus, Sister Vera, and all the others who have fallen. None of them would have perished, had we simply sealed Heaven after the first attack."

Gabriel's lip trembles. "From my point of view, my entire family has gone mad. Even if we slaughter all the demons and wipe them off the face of the Earth, we won't be able to bring Samael, Listrus, Vera, or anyone else back. Instead, more of my dear family members will die. In the end, we might succeed in fulfilling some petty revenge, but our losses would prove far more costly than our gains."

Uriel opens her mouth to reply.

After a moment, she closes it.

Turning away, several emotions run through our mind. Uriel blinks several times as she tries to parse Gabriel's words.

_My brother believes it would be better to allow Samael's death to go unpunished, so long as no more of our family members die._

_At first glance, his argument appears reasonable. However, it also irks me. It is both rational and irrational, simultaneously. How could we allow Samael's murderer to walk free?! Perish the thought. If we do not uphold the name of the angels, it will invite future destruction and disrespect upon us._

_Bah. Even if I'm right, I cannot correct Gabriel. My brother is set in his ways, and has been, for millions of years. Better to agree and let him think what he likes._

Uriel scrunches up her face and turns back to Gabriel. "If thou despiseth the idea of killing so much, why travel with us to eliminate today's demonic scouts?"

Gabriel shrugs, a movement I've grown used to seeing him perform. "Raphael told me to help. I don't wish to see anyone in my family die, so I came along. Woulds't thou prefereth I hadn't?"

Uriel sighs. She looks away. "Haah... no. Thy coming has eased my heart. No matter how we might disagree on the merits of this war, I know thou shalt always have my back."

"Naturally," Gabriel murmurs.

...

We arrive at the human encampment, some twenty miles from the base of Mount Sinai. I'm immediately struck by how many hundreds of Neolithic-era humans are roaming the plateau. Their numbers appear far more substantial than the last time I saw them. 

Several cherubs hang out at the top of the hill, while one stands guard at the entrance of the cave. The humans ignore their winged protectors and instead opt to munch on berries growing from vines at the edge of a cliff, or they poke at the fires dotting the bottom of the hill.

The six angels, including Uriel, land smoothly at the base of the hill. The crest rises only a hundred feet above us, but the entrance to its cave system appears halfway up the hill, along with a flat, rocky plateau.

Uzziel and Raphael stand a few feet away, both listening to a report from a cherub messenger. Uriel glances around the human village.

_Hrm. It seems Uzziel's new children have exploded in number within only the last year. Has she, perhaps, underestimated their reproduction speed? If only angels could grow our numbers as these mortals do._

"Gabriel! Uriel!" Uzziel spins to face us. Her look of horror sends a chill down my spine. "Oh, thank Heavens thou hath returned! Come quickly."

Uriel's heart sinks. _Bad news? Tch. I don't like the look on my little sister's face._

The six of us trot over to her and Raphael's side. The old man's face appears ashen, as if just he's seen a ghost. "Leopold just informed us... there was a battle in Heaven. Two thousand of our brothers and sisters have fallen."

Uriel's eyes widen. "No... that's impossible... we stationed guards everywhere! Inside and out! How could the demons get in?!"

Raphael shakes his head. "Not the demons, Uriel. The Undying."

Gabriel's eyes narrow. "Raphael. What is thy meaning? What's this about the Undying?"

Raphael gestures to the cherub messenger. Only now do I notice the expression of pain on his face as the loss of his family members hits him in waves. "'Twas so sudden we hadn't a moment to react. Brother Jonus went berserk. Before we knew what was happening, he cut down Krugman and Gail. By the time we managed to gather our wits, he had impaled three others at the end of his blade."

Leopold wipes his eyes. "We managed to subdue Jonus, but then two more of the Undying joined in, and five more after them. Every single one of the Undying began to attack the living, all at once. I... I watched as Brother Jonus begged for death. He couldn't control his body. Camael arrived and crushed the heads of all of the Undying involved. Now, she is trying to corral the remainders in one area. As all of thee know, the Undying art scattered across all of Heaven in pockets here and there. Everyone is on high alert, terrified they might attack again."

"Tch," Raphael mutters. "'Twas as I feared. Even in death, the Reaper confounds us. First, he killed our family members. Then, he brought them back from the dead. After his passing, we believed they had retaken control of their souls. However, they hadn't! The bastard confounds us again with this recent development!"

Raphael stomps his foot. "Damn! Damn, damn, damn! I knew it! I should have pressed my case when I had the chance! This is all my fault! Now, more members of our family have passed as a result of my negligence!"

Uriel shakes her head skeptically. "I do not understand. Why now? Why did the Undying wait for over a year before attacking?"

"How should I know?!" Raphael yells. "Perhaps their minds degraded! Perhaps the Reaper's spell wore off or gained more power as time passed! What does it matter?! Thousands more of my brothers and sisters have died, and it's all my fault!"

Raphael turns away, rage seething in his eyes. He forces himself to take a deep breath, and exhales it through his teeth. "By the Creator's name, I won't allow the Reaper's treachery to tear us apart. We must return to Heaven and kill the rest of the Undying ourselves."

Raphael's words cause every angel within earshot to gasp. Uzziel covers her mouth in shock. "B-brother! Thou cannot be serious! Please, reconsider-"

"I won't!" Raphael says, whipping his head to the left to face Uzziel. "I warned all of thee that allowing the Undying to walk among us was a mistake! I didn't understand how badly things would turn out, but I only wish I had been wrong! I only wish..."

The old man trails off. He turns away and shakes his head.

"Gods. How could I have been so blind? The answer was right there in front of us, the whole time."

Gabriel frowns. "I don't understand, Raphael."

"The Undying, Gabriel. 'Tis no wonder they've reverted. Valac isn't dead. He's alive!"

Catherine appears at my side. A look of worry appears on her face. She quickly traces letters into the air. _Impossible. Scorched his body to ash. Nothing left behind._

Raphael shakes his head. "Nay, little sister. Remember the tale thou dids't weave regarding his abilities? Several times, thou dids't land a killing blow, only for the Reaper to reappear in midair, unharmed. He must have faked his death so his minions could plant themselves among our ranks. His ploy worked! Now thousands of other angels have died, and until we eliminate his reanimated agents, we will continue-"

Raphael stops mid-sentence. A look of alarm washes across his face.

"What... what is this... this chill?"

It takes Uriel a moment, but she notices, too. A sensation, like icy fingers, caresses her arms and sends a chill down her spine. 

Gabriel shudders, along with everyone else present.

Sophia's eyes dart around. "H-hey, what was that? I saw something, just for an instan-"

Before Sophia can finish her sentence, Catherine whirls to face her. The Saint of Swords dives at her sister and slams her to the ground just in time to avoid an attack aimed at her chest. Valac appears in midair and swings his scythe, narrowly missing the pink-haired Saint by a few inches. He levitates backward, and every angel quickly leaps away, putting distance between themselves and the ten-foot-tall Valac. Catherine yanks Sophia to her feet and retreats several steps.

"Kukuku... so you've solved the riddle, Raphael, my friend. Sadly for you, my investment paid back dividends. Two thousand angels dead, and more will soon expire; the only way to win is to cast your brothers into the fire."

"Valac!" Raphael yells. "Bastard! I knew it! Everyone, attack him at once!"

The Reaper levitates several feet away and raises his scythe threateningly. His massive form towers over everyone present, making us feel small and insignificant. "Ah ah ah, I'd be careful if I were you. There's no such thing as armor my scythe can't tear through. One little nick, that's all it will take. If it touches your skin, your soul, I will break."

Catherine holds up her hand. _Stay back. Valac, killable? We don't know. Do not rush in. He might kill us._

Uriel grinds her teeth together. "So thou art the bastard who turned thousands of my brothers and sisters into walking freaks. I haven't stopped thinking of thee, Valac. How _dare_ thou showeth thy face again."

She raises both spears and prepares to attack, but Valac appears unphased. "Four times, five times, six times, or more. Whether you crush or burn me, it doesn't matter anymore. You look at me as though I draw breath, but I have ascended past the limits of life and death. I'm the Grim Reaper, Valac, so you'd better fly away; Even if you kill me here, I'll rise to fight another day."

Valac's face, shrouded under his hood, betrays no emotion. However, his words and attitude reek of smugness. Uriel's rage dials up to eleven. "This talking bag of bones dares mock Heaven's mightiest Archangel?! Thou art lucky I wasn't there during thy first appearance. How about I teach thee the meaning of TRUE power?!"

Gabriel grabs my shoulder. "Uriel. Don't. He'll-"

The Archangel of Power doesn't get to finish his sentence. Uriel wrenches out of his grasp and stomps toward the demon. Holding two spears proves no barrier to Uriel. By the time she's taken her first step, her hands have already finished a complicated series of magical signs. 

_Whoomph. Whoomph. Whoomph. Whoomph._

Four beings created from light pop into existence. Two winged angels, a floating orb, and an oscillating cube.

Uriel's eyes blaze with rage.

"For killing my family members, I sentence thee to DEATH!!"

Beneath Valac's hood, I catch a glimmer of a smile.

"Try your hardest, Uriel, and don't disappoint me. I'd hate for you to embarrass yourself before royalty."