Part 175: The Quest for Peace
Part 175: The Quest for Peace

"Ose?" Samantha asks, frowning. "Why do you want to learn about her?"

"She's the current leader of demonkind," I reply. "I need to know more about her before I make a decision."

Samantha sits on Daisy's bed, one covered with a bright pink comforter littered with pictures of dogs, cats, and other cute animals. Behind her, Daisy sits quietly and reads a book, wholly absorbed in its contents.

The succubus rests her elbow on her knee and her chin on her hand. She stares at me for a moment before replying. "A decision about what?"

"I'm debating going to Ose and striking a deal with her. I want to cease all hostility between humans and demons. I don't know anything about her, but maybe if we sit down and talk, she'll be more receptive to changes than Diablo."

While I lightly lean back against the wall and cross my arms, Phoebe stands next to me and loops her arm through mine. She rests her head against my shoulder and nods. "Peace between demons and humans is for the best, Sam. If we're lucky, Jason might be able to find a way to work something out with Ose."

Samantha sighs. "Haah... I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but whatever plan is rolling around in your head, forget it. It's doomed to fail."

The succubus flops backward and places both hands behind her head. Her tail flicks around lazily while her legs hang off the bed. "If anything, Diablo was your best bet. He was a reasonable guy, unlike Ose. She's nothing but a cold-hearted monster, devoid of all emotion."

I frown. "Tell me more."

"Ose is ancient, compared to most demons," Belial replies. "She isn't as old as me, but she lived during the Energy Wars. She is unique among my people, in that she is exceptionally talented with technology."

I nod slowly. "Right... what about it?"

"Demons suffer from technophobia," Phoebe says, replying before Samantha can say anything. "None of them have the slightest clue how human gizmos and gadgets work. Show them the simplest device, and they'll get a migraine from confusion."

Samantha blinks. "Mhm. I don't even understand most of the things you've made for this city, Jason, and I lived among humans more than most other demons. That's why Ose is special."

The Second Emperor of Demonkind continues to stare fixedly at the ceiling. "Ever since the humans tortured her brother to death, Ose has been obsessed with learning all she can about your weaknesses and vulnerabilities. The reason humans ended up trapped for 100,000 years was due to her familiarity with all manner of human quirks. She studied psychology at numerous human universities and used that information to devise systems that would keep humans in check physically and mentally."

Belial shakes her head. "Don't even bother trying to convince Ose to sign a peace treaty. You haven't a prayer of success. Her hatred of humans permeates her very being, from her head to her toes. If you appear before her, she might attack you on the spot for daring to speak. She cuts out the tongues of human slaves if they whisper even a single word of complaint."

Phoebe's expression turns grim. My wife shivers at Belial's words. "So sinister. If Ose is leading demonkind, then why haven't they attacked us for the last six years? It doesn't sound like she would be content to let us grow and flourish."

"No. She wouldn't."

Belial shakes her head.

"When Uriel appeared, she unleashed all of her power and crippled the might of demonkind. She killed several Barons and caused us severe losses. Bael, Mephisto, and Ose might be powerful, but they wouldn't dare charge in and attack humanity recklessly, especially with Jason here. Heroes are threats no demon would dare to provoke, especially after fighting an Archangel and Demon Duke fusion."

I narrow my eyes. "It's been six years since Uriel's appearance. Hasn't demonkind recovered from their losses?"

"I don't know," Belial says, shrugging. She rolls onto her side and props her head up with her palm. "But if I had to make a guess... I would assume Ose is preparing a massive offensive. You've not only liberated countless human colonies from the demons but also cut off my people's supply of souls. If things continue progressing, Ose will lose influence among the demon council. She's probably preparing for an invasion as we speak."

"An invasion?!" Phoebe gasps. "Why didn't you say anything? If Ose is going to attack us, we can't sit around and wait for our deaths!"

Belial raises an eyebrow. "Until today, I thought you guys knew. Isn't that why Jason has been building up humanity? To defend against the demons?"

My face flushes red. "Err, not exactly. I built many automated defenses to protect Tarus II, but I never knew anything about Ose's personality and disposition as a leader. My only goal was to defend the planet in case of unforeseen events. If the entirety of Hell comes pounding on our doors, I don't know how long we'll last..."

Phoebe pulls away from me. "We should be fine. I mean, those weapons you built atop Mount Gurren should obliterate any attacking army with ease, right?"

Despite her confident tone, Phoebe's phrasing betrays her doubt. She meets my gaze with a hint of worry, making me nod along with her words.

"Yeah. We _should_ be fine. Nevertheless, it can't hurt to prepare a little more."

I turn my gaze to Belial. "You say Ose can't be reasoned with, but do you know that for sure? I have to try diplomacy before initiating a war. I can't just take your word on her stubbornness."

Belial wraps a few strands of hair around her finger. "Feel free to try, but don't say I didn't warn you. Ose is vicious. Now that she has the power of an Emperor, you ought to tread very lightly around her. Besides! Ose lives in Hell Harbor. How are you going to request an audience with her when an anti-Teleportation Matrice protects the whole planet?"

Phoebe smirks. "Oh, come on, Sam. This is Jason we're talking about. He's a Wordsmith. He doesn't need to _request an audience,_ like some beggar kneeling before a king. He can simply... pop in and say hello!"

My heart jolts. "What?! That's just asking for an ass-kicking! Do you want ten thousand demons to jump me all at the same time?"

Belial rolls her eyes. "I'm sure you'll be fine, what with your 'invincible armor' and 'nano-books.'"

"Come on, ladies, let's not screw around with my life," I say, shooting a suspicious glance at both girls. "I'm far from invincible, and I'd like to make it to age thirty."

Phoebe wanders away from me and plops down beside Daisy. She glances at our daughter's book for a few moments, but Daisy doesn't acknowledge her mother's presence at all.

"I don't know what you should do," Phoebe says to me, "but I doubt Sammy is understating the impossibilities. Ose doesn't seem like a reasonable person. If you pay her a visit, you might set her off."

"If I _don't_, she's likely to launch an invasion anyway," I retort. "I have Wordsmithing. Maybe I can influence her thoughts somehow. You know... make her sign a peace treaty."

Belial's expression darkens. She sits up and looks at me with a solemn gesture. "Don't even think about it. Ose's mental resilience is incredible. Hope tried to influence the mind of a Demon Lord a few years ago. I had to clean up the bodies that barbarous rat left in his wake when he finally roused himself from his stupor. If you try to alter Ose's thoughts, you might get a few minutes of subservience out of her before she regains her consciousness and tears you to pieces."

"I only need a few minutes," I reply. "If I can get Ose to sign a Soul Contract, she won't be able to launch an invasion. It'll be impossible for her to go against the terms of the treaty."

Belial blinks in surprise. "A... a Soul Contract? But... how do you know about those? Only-"

"Satan used them," I say, finishing her sentence for her. "Yeah. Solomon showed me a bunch of demon and angel history. I know about Satan's powers."

Belial bites her lip. She lowers her eyes and leans forward to stare at the floor contemplatively for a moment.

"I don't know... I never liked Satan's power. It was too manipulative for my tastes. You shouldn't dabble with matters involving souls if you can avoid it."

"What choice do I have? If Ose won't accept a treaty willingly, then that means war is inevitable! I'd rather manipulate one demoness than have millions and billions of lives perish because I couldn't bend my morals even a smidge."

"I'm not worried about your morality," Belial says, a warning tone in her voice. "Soul manipulation is dangerous. It consumed Satan and countless others. It's an easy path to power and obtaining what you want, but in the end, it always comes back to bite you."

"So I've heard."

I nod along to Belial's words. Having had a former Hero and three Archangels speak of the dangers of Soul Manipulation, hearing a Demon Emperor speak similar words certainly unnerves me. After all, it seems that no matter who brings up Soul Manipulation, they always have nothing but bad things to say about it.

Interrupting my thoughts, Daisy looks up from her book. 

"I don't want to die."

"Huh?"

I glance at Daisy and stare, slack-jawed.

"No, no, sweetheart! You're not going to die. Don't even think like that. Daddy is more than capable of stopping the big, bad demons."

Samantha jerks her head up. "Hey! We're not all bad, you know."

I shrug. "An exception doesn't prove the rule."

Her annoyance dissipates. "Mmm. True."

...

The three of us talk for a while, but no matter how we debate, we don't come to a definite conclusion.

"Alright," I say, rubbing the bridge of my nose. "I won't use a Soul Contract. I've never done one before, anyway. I might screw it up. I'll just... try and convince Ose to look at things from a different point of view."

"After everything I've said, you still intend to have a friendly chat with that white-haired witch?" Belial asks, awe in her voice. "Jason! She'll rip you to pieces! I'm not kidding; Ose is vicious, even moreso than all the other demons I know! At the least, if you're going to visit her, you ought to take some backup. If you go in there alone and she somehow takes control of a Wordsmith..."

Belial shudders.

"...I don't want to imagine the results. Ose would kill to have power like yours at her disposal."

I open my mouth to respond, but before I can say anything, Daisy suddenly raises her arm and points at the door.

"Daddy. Someone's coming."

Frowning, I turn to look at the doorway. Seconds later, a pair of stomping feet come running down the hallway outside, the footsteps barely audible even when I turn my full attention away from the other three in the room.

_Bang bang bang!_

Someone pounds on the door, startling Phoebe. She turns to look at the door, wide-eyed. "Wow, Daisy. You have good hearing."

Daisy nods. "Mhm."

I shrug. "Kids, am I right?"

A man outside our room yells loudly. "Sir! Commander Hiro, sir! Are you in there? It's an emergency!"

Phoebe raises an eyebrow. "That voice... Henry? I thought he was stationed in the Core?"

I nod. "Let me see what he wants."

A moment later, I walk toward the door and grab hold of the handle. Upon opening it, I spot a 24-year-old guy, almost the same age as me. His buzzed black hair and military uniform might normally give him an imposing look, but at this moment, he's so busy gasping for breath that he looks like he's about to pass out.

"What's wrong, Henry?" I ask, quickly examining him. Immediately, I spot several specks of blood dotting his uniform. They appear not to belong to him, but someone else.

Henry swallows a breath and quickly spits out words rapid-fire. "There's a Behemoth-class native fauna rampaging near the outskirts of the city!  I've got two platoons fighting to contain it, with three more on the way, but the goddamn thing is too powerful! It killed three troopers with a swing of its tail; not even the T-REX's saved them!"

Immediately, my gaze hardens. "What species is it? What size? Have you activated the defensive battlements? What about the advanced troopers? Has Neil offered battle strategies yet?"

My barrage of questions doesn't phase Henry. He quickly nods and follows up with a series of answers. After a moment, Belial jumps up from behind me and runs to my side, her eyes the size of dinner plates. "What?! You've got to be kidding me! It can't be a Hydra!"

Henry grits his teeth. "Kar confirmed it. He's witnessed one in the flesh a few thousand years ago. We're lucky that it hasn't fully matured! It's only fifty feet tall!"

"Only fifty-?!" Belial growls. "Spawn of a broodmother! Jason, we can't dawdle here! I've fought Hydras three times, and each instance was worse than the last! If the troopers start cutting off its heads...!"

Henry's expression darkens. "You're too late. Before Kar arrived on the scene, a few Thundercats severed two of its heads. Now it has four! We quickly learned not to do that anymore, but with four heads..."

My heart pounds like a drum. "Say no more. Phoebe, Samantha, stay here with Daisy. I'll go out there and help put the beast down."

"The hell you will!" Samantha yells. "I've by far the most experienced on this whole planet when it comes to fighting Hydras. I'm coming with you."

"Don't even think of leaving me behind," Phoebe replies. "I'm not letting you two have all the fun."

Belial glances at Phoebe for a half-second before nodding. "Grab your rifle. I'll take care of the melee combat. You need to stay in the back."

Phoebe chews her lip. "Alright. Daisy, sweetheart, you stay here. Mommy and daddy need to fight the big bad monster. Okay?"

Immediately, Daisy starts to pout. "I wanna go, too! I wanna see the Hydrant!"

"Daisy Brianne Hiro!"

Phoebe's words instantly carry a sense of power my Wordsmithing could never hope to achieve. The blood drains from Daisy's face as Phoebe shoots a death-glare at her.

"Uh... um... never mind! I'll read my book."

Daisy quickly ducks her face down, and her cheeks turn red-hot as she tries to avoid Phoebe's gaze. My wife only maintains her death-glare for a moment longer before leaning over to kiss Daisy's head.

"Mwah! You stay here and wait for us to return. Do you hear me, young lady?"

"Y-yes... mommy..."

Satisfied, Phoebe turns to nod at me.

"Let's go."