Part 420: The Stormbringer Tribunal (Part 5)
Part 420: The Stormbringer Tribunal (Part 5)

"What? Beelzebub?! He's ALIVE?!"

"How did he revive? WHEN did he revive? Has he been in prison since the end of Stormbringer?"

"Why does he look like a human? Why isn't his skin red?!"

The crowd of onlookers freaks out. Not just the audience directly behind Beelzebub, consisting of demons, traitorous humans, and assorted monsters, but also the vast throngs of ordinary citizens outside the arena's confines, and even the majority of those among the Jury of Thirty!

Henry's eyes become as wide as saucers. His jaw drops as he recalls the seemingly lighthearted conversations and various hints he's received from 'Old Man Robert' over these past few weeks. Never did he imagine the seemingly kind old man was actually one of the most, if not THE most hated demons among Tarus II's populace.

"Robert is... Beelzebub?! No wonder! It all makes sense now..."

Mara, the Duke of Collection, stares numbly at Beelzebub and smiles wryly.

"If my end is tragic and Caddis's was violent, then Beelzebub's will surely be the most deserved of everyone here. He won't receive a drop of mercy."

Outside the arena, ten million observers of all the different species shake their fists and scream obscenities at the ordinary-looking old man, recalling all the friends, family, and children they lost to his detonation, many of whom will never be revived.

"Fucking bastard! Lemme get a swing at him! Just one punch!"

"I'll put a bullet between his eyes!"

"He murdered my boys! I want to rip out his entrails and feed them to a Hellhound!"

Amidst the screaming, raging mob, one demoness remains remarkably quiet. Rosalia sighs in her heart as the demon she 'loves' stands on stage with a calm expression, feeling dejected that she was unable to protect him.

"If only I had more strength... Mister Beelzebub could have stayed by my side."

Inside the Jury of Thirty's platform, most of the Jury members wear differing degrees of shock and outright disbelief.

Emperor Yardrat howls with glee and stomps his foot. He laughs maniacally. "Hahahaha! Oh, that clever Wordsmith! He's been hiding the fire-bastard all this time! I'd never have guessed!"

Emperor Fae shrieks with glee. "Little bomber-boy is gonna go boom for the last time!"

"What a pity." Emperor Kristoff says, shaking his head. "Beelzebub was a powerful and influential Duke. His death will be a great loss for our people."

Only Emperor Serena appears wholly unsurprised. She listens to the proceedings, all without a single shift of her expression, as if perhaps having known all along. Though, how she may have learned of Beelzebub's survival is anyone's guess...

Belial, unlike her fellow Emperors, already knew about Beelzebub's capture, being the person responsible for apprehending him and investigating Rosalia. A wicked expression rests on her face as she fantasizes about several gruesome ends awaiting the man.

Blinker ends up blindsided by the development. With nobody having told her about Beelzebub, she stands up and gazes at him in shock. "Phoebe! You had Beelzebub all this time? Then, does that mean...?"

"Not Mephisto." Phoebe says with a shake of her head. "He's still at large."

"Oh. That's too bad..."

On the other side of the jury panel, Neil Adams and Magnus Chadwick only gaze impassively at the monster who slaughtered millions. With both of them having been debriefed on Beelzebub's recovery, they have already prepared themselves mentally for his appearance.

"Quite the level of excitement." Chadwick murmurs. "It seems the finale of this Tribunal is going to be... interesting."

Neil barely reacts. "Beelzebub doesn't interest me. He's an irredeemable bastard, like all the rest. I won't have to worry about Jason failing to punish him... but I do wonder how we can best advance The Cause..."

"Heh. As if you haven't already thought up ten possibilities." Chadwick chuckles.

Not only are humanity's top leaders and Emperor Serena unsurprised, but Creator Demila also watches the proceedings with little interest.

_To these mud-dwellers, the demon known as Beelzebub is a frighteningly powerful entity capable of causing mass death. But to the Volgrim Empire, the weakest member of our Psion Reserves could crush him with ease._

She already knew about Beelzebub's survival thanks to the thoughts in Phoebe's mind, as well as the others. However, she also doesn't particularly care. In Demila's eyes, Beelzebub is a truly small and insignificant figure. Let alone a Demon Duke, she wouldn't bat an eye if the mightiest Emperor threatened her.

Creator Demila gazes off into the distance, not particularly giving a damn about Beelzebub's fate.

_If only it had been me instead of Confessor Vulpanix fighting the Archangel. I have not faced a serious challenge since my ascension to the 7th Level, all those cycles ago..._

She flicks her psionic attention to Uriel for a moment before pulling back once again.

_Perhaps I may yet get my chance._

Uriel gazes wordlessly at Beelzebub on the platform below. She and her brothers silently communicate through telepathy, sharing their observations at the speed of thought.

_Brother._ Uriel says to Raphael. _Dids't thou knoweth of Beelzebub's survival?_

_I did not._ Raphael replies. _But... I had my suspicions. A wielder of Nirvana cannot die so easily. T'was once the key to the Creator's power, after all._

Uriel's eyes flicker. She glances at Jason and frowns.

_Nirvana..._

On the stage below, after more than a full minute of the crowd screaming and all-but-rioting, humanity's defense forces manage to quell the mob and quiet them down, reducing their violent hatred to the silent boiling of a cooking pot. Despite their hatred for Beelzebub, Stormbringer's survivors tamp down their rage to instead pray he receives the most vicious, brutal, deserved punishment of all time. Forget killing him, the humans who fought in Stormbringer want to see him tortured and mutilated, left to suffer for decades and centuries, if at all possible. No other option enters their thoughts.

Beelzebub remains calm and composed. He stares up at the Jury of Thirty, noting with mild disinterest the various expressions of shock on their faces, as well as the lack of it for certain key figures.

The Duke of Inferno clears his throat.

"That's right. It really _is_ me. I have lost my powers and my demonic body. I am now no stronger than any other ordinary human. Weaker, even, as my body has dried up and lost its vitality."

"Beelzebub." Yamir says, eying the Duke with a glare that could freeze lava in an instant. "You are perhaps the most hated demon in the entire galaxy, as of this moment. Nothing you say can save you from a terrible end. I _do_ wonder, though... can you offer any sort of a defense for your actions? Any sort of explanation, or even an excuse? The people you have victimized have suffered terribly as a result of your actions. Your detonation killed millions of soldiers and civilians alike. It also seems to have cost you every last bit of pride you once held as a demon. So why, I must ask... did you do it?"

The minotaur falls silent. He squeezes the shaft of Lorent's butcher axe, as if itching for a reason to swing it at Beelzebub. Of course, as a principled minotaur, he would never let his base instincts get the better of him.

At the same time, Beelzebub barely even looks at the half-bull questioning him. He instead looks up at the Jury of Thirty, as before, with a casual indifference to the world and its feelings.

"I have no defense." Beelzebub murmurs. "What I did during Stormbringer and the actions I took... they were my choice."

Yamir snorts. "I'm surprised to hear you admit it so easily. Where is your laughter and bravado now, Duke of Inferno? Why do you appear so small and pitiful?"

Beelzebub turns his body slightly to face the minotaur.

I understand why you hate me. I understand why everyone does. Your anger is justified."

He pauses.

"I've spent the last month of my life at the lowest point of all my existence. Previously, I was a proud and renowned Demon Duke on the rise to someday become an Emperor. Now, I am an ordinary human, weaker than the average by all accounts. I've lost everything that I once looked at in such high regard."

Yamir remains silent. So, too, does the crowd. Everyone listens intently as the worst criminal on Tarus II addresses the audience.

"I spent two weeks tied to a bed after my revival, with my arms raised above my head, ruined by a lack of blood flow. Then I was thrown into a prison and left to rot until this very moment, where I will now summarily be executed. But... that isn't what really has shattered my pride, my previous self-confidence that none of you could hope to dampen. No, it is a different sort of pain that now ails me..."

The former Duke of Inferno smacks his lips. He casts a long, slow gaze across the Jury of Thirty, followed by the audience of criminals behind himself.

"You know... I've always been something of an idealist. Sure, I've killed wantonly. I've burned and pillaged without regard for the lives of others, and I've certainly let my temper get the better of me. But... I always viewed myself as something of a _heroic_ figure. I wanted to upend the stale and trite ways of my demonic superiors. I wanted to bring about a new era of revolution and justice for all my fellow oppressed Grunts and Lords."

He shakes his head.

"In the end, I fell for the whispered words of a bedeviled witch. Emperor Ose promised me that she would lead demonkind to greatness. If only I followed her direction, we would finally rebalance the scales of fate and bring about the deserved positive karma held from our people, all this time."

"You thought of yourself as a heroic figure?" Yamir asks, slightly bemused. "And yet you committed a genocide. You are merely a bloodthirsty villain."

"I am indeed a villain." Beelzebub murmurs. "But that was never what I wanted. My goal was to uplift demonkind to greatness."

Beelzebub turns his attention to a surprising figure on the Panel of Thirty, none other than Jason Hiro himself.

"Jason. You came to Ose before Stormbringer and made a proposal. At the time, I thought you were a stupid fool. You wanted to create a device that could uplift demons without requiring human souls. Ose told me not to believe you. But now I see that... _she_ was the liar."

Jason tilts up his chin to peer down the bridge of his nose at the demon who killed his daughter.

"If you think flattery will get you sympathy, you've thought wrong, Beelzebub. Only death awaits you."

"You are angry. Vengeful." Beelzebub murmurs. "And deservedly so. I killed your daughter. In a moment of humiliation, I unleashed an attack which slaughtered millions of people."

Beelzebub purses his lips.

"I'm... sorry for that, Jason. An apology won't bring anyone back. It won't undo the damage I've caused. But it needs to be said. You have won, and I have lost."

"And not in a physical manner." Beelzebub adds. "Ideologically, we both have similar goals. I wanted to uplift my species, and you wanted to uplift yours. The difference is, you possessed the means and the will, while I did not. I allowed myself to be blinded by ignorance. I allowed Ose to deceive me. And in the end, you have brought about the era of revolution which I so desperately desired."

Beelzebub closes his eyes.

"I... _regret_. If only I had listened to you at that time. If only I had taken your extended hand. It's not that I regret the suffering which I have endured as a result of my actions, but that I have brought pain and suffering to you, the person who heralded the goal I wanted to achieve myself."

Beelzebub opens his eyes. He shakes his head, a look of deep sadness in his eyes.

"I am sorry for... killing your daughter. I am sorry for killing all those innocent people. I brought pain to the one man capable of realizing my vision, as well as his friends and family. I owe you a great debt, but I have inadvertently spat in your mouth. Whatever punishment you deem necessary, I will accept it without complaint."

Neil Adams frowns. Beelzebub's words are so wildly different from what he expected that, for a brief moment, he can't even believe his ears. Chadwick also appears visibly surprised, with both of them completely caught off-guard by the subtle psychological changes Beelzebub has undergone since his resurrection.

Jason, too, stares at Beelzebub in disbelief. In all the time he's known Beelzebub, not once has he imagined that the sick and sadistic sinner who caused Stormbringer's most sorrowful moment would ever do anything but laugh in his face and revel in his pride, even during his final hours.

Jason blinks several times. He swallows heavily, unsure of what to say.

"You... are apologizing? Are you even _Beelzebub_?"

The Duke of Inferno nods slowly. "I am."

"That can't be right." Jason murmurs. "The Beelzebub I know revels in other people's misery. Is this some ploy of yours? Some plot to escape my wrath?! You will not evade your punishment through some fake and deceitful change of heart!"

"My words are authentic." Beelzebub says quietly. "But I understand why you don't believe me. I have been... a bastard. An irredeemable one. It's only because I lost everything that I gained the clarity of mind to re-evaluate my past actions."

"Six years ago," Beelzebub says, "I was there with my master, Agares, as the first demons to encounter you in the Labyrinth. At that time, you stood alongside the Black Witch, who would later become the Black Queen. My master put all of his attention on her, but I thought there was something odd about you."

"Later," Beelzebub continues, "I fought your people inside the Core. I reaped many lives, lives which I don't think you were even bothering with charging me for today. I even fought your now-wife, and she dealt me a grievous blow. I ascended to the rank of Baron through death and slaughter."

"After that, I killed my master during that climactic battle on Polaris. I ascended to the rank of Duke soon after, and began to finally think about how I could enact my ultimate plans for demonkind. Once I had finally obtained an amount of power which put me in the top echelons, I began to think about how I might uplift my people and do away with the old order."

Beelzebub wryly shakes his head. "But I was still a thoughtless imbecile. Even six years later, when you approached Ose, you gave me the opportunity to realize my ambitions, but I turned you down. Of all the regrets I hold, none are quite as painful as that one. Now, months later, I can truly look back on my life and understand the error of my ways. I sinned, and no amount of penance can ever redeem me."

While Jason struggles to find the right words, Phoebe does not. She stands up from her seat to take a position on Jason's left.

"It's good that you have accepted your failures, Beelzebub. You've admitted to your crimes, and now you must pay the price. No amount of reverse psychology will save you! You killed our daughter, and you killed our friends and family! The worst punishment in the galaxy still wouldn't be enough of a punishment for the likes of you!"

Blinker also rises to her feet. "If you had pushed back against Ose, perhaps Stormbringer might never have happened! Kar might still be alive today. So I also want you to die, Beelze-bastard!"

Uriel doesn't even move from her seat. "The bloodskin may have offered his weak and feeble apology, but it will sway no hearts. I also condemn him to death."

Yardrat shrugs, not caring one way or the other about the Duke from another Hell. "Your life or death is no skin off my nose. Goodbye, Beelzebub. Thank you for at least making your final appearance a little entertaining."

"Your fate matters not to me." Emperor Serena adds. "Perhaps your death will serve to heal the divide between humanity and our people. If you truly wish to advance demonkind's greater interests, you can rest in peace with this knowledge."

Kristoff and Fae both give identical judgments. The other members of the Jury of Thirty condemn Beelzebub to death, with none of them, not even Belial, showing him leniency.

"If the traitors aboard the Atlas Cannon deserved death," Belial says, "then your punishment must certainly be a million times worse. Goodbye, Beelzebub. If you truly wish to repent, then find my niece in the Great Beyond and apologize to her for what you've done."

Beelzebub gazes at Belial with a distant expression. He nods along to her words.

"I will do that, Belial. And... I am sorry to you as well."

The succubus sneers. "Save your apologies for someone who cares."

The final two votes, surprisingly, come down to Neil and Chadwick. Having remained silent all this time, Neil has not once said a word in regards to the verdict. Finally, he stands up, while Chadwick remains seated.

Neil directs a contemptuous look toward Jason.

"I'm disappointed in you, Wordsmith."

"What?" Jason asks. "And why would that be?"

Neil shakes his head, acting as if he were an ancient sage of a long-lost clan of ascetics. He gazes off into the distant horizon, an expression of melancholy playing upon his face.

"Here you are trying to act as if you want humanity and the demons to unite, but when this poor fellow offers you a heartfelt apology, you shut him down without mercy. Such _sincerity_ you've shown to the demons. Beelzebub has clearly suffered and learned a lesson, but you will not even consider lightening his sentence. All because you refuse to forgive him his trespasses."

"Watch your fucking mouth!" Jason snaps, taking a step toward Neil. "Don't you dare try to act as if I'm the villain here! Your attempts to drive a wedge between humanity and the demons have not gone unnoticed! Beelzebub is a murderer, and no number of heartfelt apologies will redeem him! He's a monster! He deserves to die!"

Neil quickly bows his head. "Yes, of course. My apologies, Wordsmith. You have made your judgment. For a small figure like myself to stand in your way, I would not _dare_ to be so presumptuous."

The Demon Emperors behind Neil roll their eyes, easily seeing through his wordplay. However, a few of them also can't help but feel, deep down inside of themselves, that Neil might have a point.

True, Beelzebub murdered millions. But so too have the Emperors sitting on the podium. What if the Wordsmith were to 'justifiably' come for them next? With his people gaining more sympathetic allied Emperors, it might only be a matter of time before he seeks to 'replace' them.

Yardrat's eyes flicker thoughtfully. _Neil Adams' ploys are quite transparent, but I cannot help feeling as if he isn't... correct. Even if only in a small way..._

Unlike Neil's previous wedge-driving attempts, he does not seek to divide the humans from the demons, but the demons from the humans. He makes his enemies question their place in Jason's future society, as well as the 'leniency' he will surely fail to show them when their days of judgment arrive.

Phoebe also notices this difference in direction. She links her arm around Jason's and pulls him back a step.

"Neil. Enough wordplay. Just issue your judgment already so we can end this."

However, humanity's military commander does not immediately pursue her request. Instead, he slyly smiles at Phoebe and shakes his head.

"Your husband is an impulsive man, Miss Hiro, but I expected better from humanity's genius. Certainly, Beelzebub is a vile murderer, but are you not one of our most compassionate leaders? Do you not feel the pain of loss in his voice, the deep regret emanating from his very being? He committed a terrible crime, but should we not consider sparing the life of this regretful sinner? Surely, ten thousand years of humiliating slavery in a mine will be a _far_ worse punishment than a quick and easy execution..."

Phoebe scowls at him. "Since when were you the type to show mercy to even one demon, let alone the likes of Beelzebub?! This Tribunal is meant to seek justice for the victims of Stormbringer, not provide a platform for your political aspirations! And if you want mercy so badly, why follow up by saying Beelzebub should suffer for ten thousand years? Should we spare him, or should we torture him? Make up your mind!"

The corner of Neil's eye twitches. _Indeed, the Wordsmith's wife is quite a bit sharper than her husband. Phoebe is not an opponent who I can expect to ignore the holes in my arguments..._

He chuckles lightly. "Haha. Fair enough. We shall execute him, then. I suppose you think me a man who merely hates demonkind, but that could not be further from the truth! I merely believe that humans and demons should not live together, but should exist in our own separate spaces. Why deliberately breed tensions when we can exist apart in harmony? As for Beelzebub's crimes, I previously wished for him to suffer a most violent and gruesome death, but the Wordsmith's uncaring attitude toward Beelzebub's genuine apology... it simply tickled me the wrong way."

He nonchalantly waves his hand.

"No matter. We can kill him, if that is what you wish. I only fear that the supposed _forgiving_ and _merciful_ nature of the Wordsmith is not as boundless as he first claimed..."

Jason frowns. With Neil's final words, the Wordsmith finds himself in a bit of a bind. Should he continue with executing Beelzebub, he might look like an uncaring, vengeance-driven madman, which could end up pissing off the demons. But, at the same time, sparing Beelzebub would almost certainly drive the humans who look up to him into fits of rage.

_Neil!_ Jason roars in his head, while his expression continues to flicker with uncertainty. _You... you goddamned piece of garbage! Why are you acting like you don't want Beelzebub to die?! You hate him just as much as me! But you'll even let him walk freely if it means you can undermine my authority in any possible way! God, I hate lying shitheads like you!_

Phoebe's expression also changes. She, too, feels somewhat uncertain of how to proceed, given the difficult position Neil has put her in.

_I couldn't care less if Beelzebub dies. He deserves execution! And the Emperors are sure to see right through Neil's ruse... but he's putting Jason in a tough spot! But then again, why wouldn't Neil go this far? Beelzebub doesn't have his powers anymore! He's not a threat to humanity, so whether he's executed or not doesn't even matter, as far as Neil is concerned!_

Beelzebub stands on the platform below, staring up at the squabbling humans with a look of absolute boredom.

"Oh... so it's like that. Humans are truly something. Even when they have me right in front of them, they only fight among themselves."

He rolls his eyes.

"Jason. Don't let Neil put doubt in your heart. I wasn't trying to trick you into forgiving me or into showing me pity. I still have a smidgen of pride left in my bones. Come down here and take my life. Just end my misery."

He pauses.

"Or send me to the mines if it makes you _feel_ better. I don't care. I have lost, and you have won. Don't fall for the machinations of a small man thinking small thoughts."

Jason hears Beelzebub's words. His frown deepens, and he shakes his head to rid himself of those extraneous concerns.

"Shut up, Beelzebub. Don't you tell me what to do!"

"I would not dare." Beelzebub says, ever so blandly. "But for _devil's sake_. My weak little human-legs can't keep me standing for much longer. Make a decision already so these good people can cheer over my corpse and go home."

The Duke of Inferno's absolute nonchalance over his impending death drains some of the rage out of the souls of those watching the proceedings. In the arena's exterior, many humans gaze at his face with gloomy expressions.

"This demon bastard... he doesn't even care if he lives or dies."

"I wanted to hear him beg for mercy! Can't believe he's taking all the fun out of this."

"Maybe Neil is right." Another person says. "Death is too quick an end for him. Jason should send him to the mines. Then we can visit him sometime and give him a good beating..."

As a full minute drags on, Jason wrestles with what to do or not do. Finally, he comes to a decision.

_Neil's manipulating me. But... if I need to choose between pleasing my allies or my enemies, I'll always pick the former. Beelzebub deserves death._

He firms up his resolve, then shoots Neil a death-glare.

"I've made my decision. Beelzebub will die... and I will be the one to execute him."

Phoebe's eyes widen. "You will? Jason... you don't need to go that far."

"I do." Jason says, directing his words to not just Phoebe, but the entire audience as well. "Beelzebub's apology absolves him of nothing. It even feels like a slap in the face to those he killed. He's not even regretful of killing them, only that he was 'wrong' in how he pursued his goal."

The Wordsmith puffs out his chest.

"I'm glad you apologized, Beelzebub. I'm glad you've realized the error of your ways. But no apology will undo the damage you've done. For the sake of everyone's future... you have to die today. We have to put your past actions behind us so we can look to the future."

Beelzebub listens to Jason's words. He nods. "I understand. Do what you must."

Jason focuses his mind. He utters a Word of Power.

"**Teleport.**"

The Wordsmith vanishes from the jury platform, then reappears a short distance from Beelzebub. He looks the murderer who killed his daughter in the eyes.

"You will be the first to die today, Beelzebub." Jason says. "Your punishment will set an example-"

Just as Jason is about to issue his final speech, a cry of excitement rings out in his Mind Realm.

"Ah! A friend!!!"

Jason chokes on his words, confused by the speaker. "Huh??"

At that moment, the Wordsmith's body begins to glow with a blood-red light. The spectators watch in surprise as a fiery domain bursts into existence around him, engulfing the entire confession platform along with Beelzebub and Yamir both!

"Aargh!" Yamir exclaims, as the scorching heat washes across his fur. "Jason-aaargh!"

He quickly leaps backward and hurtles off the platform, flopping into the grass to roll around and pat himself down. At the same time, the Wordsmith stands just a few feet apart from Beelzebub, his eyes widening in horror.

"Shit! Phoenix, what are you doing?!"

The cry of an ancient bird resonates within Jason's body!

"Friend! I smell a friend! He's my friend! Eeee!!"

A bright red orb fires out of Jason's chest and rockets toward Beelzebub's heart. The Duke of Inferno doesn't even get an instant to react before that light explodes against his ribcage, sending him hurtling backward off the stage!

"Ahh!"

Beelzebub cries out more in surprise than pain as the Phoenix's aura floods his internal structure!

"No!" Jason shouts, his eyes widening in horror. "Dammit, dammit! He's not a friend, he's an enemy, Phoenix! STOP!"

But Jason's words don't slow down the primordial entity in the slightest. Beelzebub's aura soars into the heavens!

His skin shifts from a pale creamy color to a faint pink, then blood-red!

His ears begin to stretch outward, turning pointy... and two massive horns erupt from the sides of his skull!

The Duke of Inferno rebirths due to the power of Nirvana, reawakening his demonic power, even as his strength shoots into the stratosphere!

His withered arms fully regenerate, allowing him to snap the chains binding him as if they were made of tofu. He stands up, his power startling everyone present.

Yardrat jumps to his feet. He gasps at the sight before him.

"Beelzebub... he's regained his power!"

Kristoff's pupils shrink to pinpricks.

"No, it's more than that! He's attained the rank of Emperor!"

The audience watches in horror and excitement, depending on their affiliation, as they realize the truth that has appeared before their eyes.

_The Emperor of Hellfire has arisen._