Part 109: The Infinite Tsukuyomi
Part 109: The Infinite Tsukuyomi

Uzziel walks toward Mount Sinai, with Satan and Grigori on her right. The gangly looking grunt looks around nervously. "H-hey, boss... are you sure we ain't makin' a mistake?"

"Quiet, numbnuts. 'Course we ain't. Mother would never lie. She'll protect us 'n hold up her end of the deal, no matter what."

Uzziel swallows reflexively. _I have to believe Satan. He must have come to his senses. He's going to help Uriel, and sign a peace agreement. Once we bind him to a magical contract, he won't be able to turn against us. The war will end. We'll all live harmoniously once more._

Slight flickers of doubt occasionally appear in Uzziel's mind, but she pushes them aside to try and believe in the good inside Satan.

As we walk, movement in the sky draws my attention. I look up in time to see five cherubs swoop down, swords at the ready. They slam into the dirt feet-first and surround the demons. "Lady Uzziel! What is the meaning of this? Why art thou walking side-by-side with demons?!"

I raise my hand. "Lower thy weapons. I have promised the leader of the demons safe passage into Heaven. We are going to negotiate terms of peace."

"Peace? Bah!" The cherub's eyes narrow inside his silver helmet. "We cannot trust the words of-"

"Chester!" Uzziel raises her voice, interrupting him. "I am an Archangel. My authority overrides thine."

Chester flicks his eyes to me. He pauses for a moment to consider his words, then takes a step back. The other cherubs follow his lead.

"Of course. I meant thee no disrespect, sister. However, we will keep our weapons aimed at them. I pray thou shalt forgive me, but I cannot allow these cretins to try any tricks."

I glance at Satan, half-expecting him to protest. Instead, he raises his palms. "No, no, I understand. If you guys need to keep an eye on little old me, after all the angels I've killed, I won't blame ya."

Uzziel's thoughts bubble to the surface. _If Satan was going to try anything; he would demand the cherubim lower their weapons. Surely this proves he isn't lying. Right?_

The Cherubs allow us to pass. They fall into position in the rear, aiming their swords at Satan and Grigori's backs. In the skies above, several others notice the commotion. They fly lower and tail us from a distance. A sense of anxiety falls over the group. Neither Satan nor I say anything as we draw closer to the sheer cliff leading to Heaven.

Both Titanesses guarding the entrance lower their gazes to us. The one on the right speaks. "Archangel. You bring demons here. Why?"

"Peace negotiations," Uzziel replies, a hint of weariness in her voice. She already seems tired of answering the same question. "Where is Raphael?"

The giant stares at Satan for a moment, the reaches her hand up and lightly taps the mountain. The Earth trembles from the impact, sending a small shockwave deep inside the cave system.

A minute later, Raphael and two cherubs appear at the entrance. "Yes? What is the matter? Oh! Uzziel." Raphael smiles, only for the expression to vanish when he spots Satan. A bone-chilling expression appears on the elderly angel's face. "Why has _he_ come?"

"Peace talks," Uzziel replies curtly. "I've agreed to give Satan safe passage into Heaven. He promised to heal Uriel in exchange for the freedom of his fellow prisoners. Additionally, he wishes to sign a peace agreement. There have been too many deaths of late."

"Tch." Raphael spryly leaps from the mountainside and lands on the ground far more smoothly than his aged appearance hints is possible. "Satan is lying, Uzziel. He speaks honeyed words to manipulate thee. We should strike him down before he kills us."

"Brother!" Uzziel's jaw drops. "I gave my word! I won't allow thee to attack an enemy who has waved a white flag! It's unthinkable!"

Raphael hesitates. He grips his staff tightly and glares at Satan. "Have thou any retort to offer, demon?"

"I came here to make peace!" Satan shouts. "Why're you threatening me?! I haven't hurt anyone since I arrived! I brought along a healer, but still, you doubt me?!"

Raphael's gaze drifts to Grigori. "A healer? Unlikely. The angels have the best healing magic in all the galaxy. What can this bag of bones do that Uzziel or Camael can't?"

Grigori shrinks under Raphael's gaze. "I... I c-can..."

"Brother." Uzziel's voice tightens. "Art thou throwing away a chance at peace for petty revenge? I've always imagined thee slow to anger. Use thy wisdom."

"I am," Raphael replies. "Look at the tells, little sister. The way they shift their feet. The false meekness on their faces. These two are lying. We cannot trust them."

Satan holds up his palms. "Alright, gramps, I get your hatred toward us. Let's bring the mojo down, eh? It's only Grigori and me here. If you really don't trust us, stick a whole army at our backs. Bloody hell, you're starting to piss me off. We can leave Uriel to die if that's what you want."

Raphael stiffens. "Impossible. Uriel's condition is stable. We'll heal her ourselves if that's what it takes."

"No, you won't," Satan replies. "Don't you understand? Uriel's head's in a spiral. Lucy's attack screwed up her mind. She's slowly gonna lose her sanity until she's a vegetable. Grigori can heal her, but hey... if you don't want our help..." 

Satan casually takes a step back and shrugs nonchalantly. "...We can leave. I'm suuure you guys'll heal her in time."

Uzziel's heart skips a beat. She shifts her gaze from Satan to Raphael. A note of pleading enters her voice. "Please, brother. Cease thy hostility. We need Satan's help. _Uriel_ needs his help."

Raphael balls his left hand into a fist. He scowls at Satan. "Tch. I know thou art lying, vermin. I see the deception hidden within thy eyes. I have met many a snake in my lifetime. Whether Uzziel believes thy words or not, my gaze remains affixed on thee. Enter Heaven... but make one wrong move, and thy corpse will be long cold before night comes."

Satan purses his lips. "Such loving words, gramps. You really know how to welcome a fella."

After several tense seconds of staring at each other, our little group continues up a narrow path recently carved into the side of the mountain. We travel single-file, with me at the front, the demons sandwiched between myself and Raphael, and all the cherubs in the rear.

My nerves tense up, knowing the demons can stab me in the back if they want, but they don't. If Satan intends to rip my spine out, he's waiting for the right moment.

We arrive at the clifftop and enter the mountain. By now, several cherubs have traveled ahead, sending word of our arrival to others. Hundreds of angels line the halls, their weapons drawn as they wait for us to pass. Most of their expressions are neutral, but a few of them shoot nasty glares at the demons. If their stares bother Satan, he doesn't let it show.

After thirty minutes of slowly descending into the bowels of Sinai, we arrive at Heaven's Gate. A dozen Cherubs, even more heavily armored than the ones we've seen up to this point, line the walls. The circular chamber with the blue portal hums thanks to its kinetic energy. Its opaque frame gives no hint of what lies on the other side.

I step through without any particular ceremony and arrive in Heaven. The fields of lush grass, beautiful flowers, and distant trees appear before me. The moment I step through, two cherubs, one on each side of the gate, tense up. After they recognize me, they relax, only to grab their swords when Satan and Grigori step through.

"Demons?!"

"They're guests. Please lower thy weapons," I say for the umpteenth time. After Raphael and the rest of our entourage steps through, the cherubs nod, satisfied we have the demons outnumbered fifteen-to-one.

"So, uh, where's Michael?" Satan asks. "I hope he isn't gonna fly in and lop my damn head off."

"As much as thou deserveth such discourtesy, no, he will not," Raphael replies. The old man pulls a pipe from his robes and lights it with a snap of his fingers. He appears to have a small bit of control over fire magic, but it's too limited to be useful in battle. "Come. We'll guide thee to Uriel's side."

Satan hesitates. "Hold on. I wanna know where my boys are. I want proof they're alive."

"Thou shalt prove thyself by healing Uriel first," Raphael says. His voice has a hard edge to it. "Uzziel might have offered thy comrades on a silver platter, but I expect _results._ If thou dost fail to heal Uriel, a swift end awaits thee."

Uzziel clears her throat. "Brother. Stop antagonizing-"

"Speak not of what I should do," Raphael replies, cutting me off. "My terms are simple. 'Tis the demons who have lied time and again, not us. If they heal Uriel, then naturally, we will maintain our end of the bargain."

Satan grumbles to himself. "Fine. Cripes. Be like that. I came here with only one other guy, and you can't offer me even the slightest courtesy? I'm defenseless!"

"Defenseless?" Raphael echoes Satan. He pulls the pipe from his mouth and taps it against his forehead. "Another lie, I see. Something tells me thy power has increased substantially since we last met. Doubtless, thou cannot defeat two Archangels without assistance, but still, thou have yet to speak a word of truth. Please, cut the idle prattle."

Satan opens his mouth to retort, but rethinks it. "Suit yourself, gramps."

I tap Satan's shoulder and point to the left. "Michael is keeping thy friends over there, in a bunker a few miles away. I will take thee to see them after-"

"Uzziel!" Raphael snaps at me. "Speak not of such confidential information without my permission! I sense a vile plan bubbling under this demon's surface. Let him prove himself before giving him any leeway!"

Satan ignores Raphael. He smiles at me. "Well, thank you, Mother. I'm glad _someone_ here has a hint of civility."

I nod. "Aye. Thou art, ah, welcome."

Raphael curses under his breath and turns away. "By the Creator... just tell the little bastard anything ye want. Tell him where we keep the weapons, our weaknesses... bah."

He plods toward Uriel's house, and we follow along. Satan's eyes rove around as he assesses the state of Heaven. Cherubs fly overhead. A sense of awareness like never before fills the region, as though the angels are acutely aware of our presence.

"Sure are a lot of guards."

"Obviously," Raphael mutters. "If I didn't know any better, I might suspect thee of trying to gauge our defenses."

"Nah. I wouldn't do something like _that_," Satan replies. A hint of sarcasm creeps into his voice. "We're only two demons. We can't stand up to the full might of angelkind."

"So thou hath said many times," Raphael mutters. Anger boils inside of him. It seems he could blow his stack at any moment and strike the demons down. 

Uzziel, too, glances at Satan now and then. The Devil seems eerily calm. If he intends to spring a trap, none of us have a clue what it will entail.

Maybe he won't. Saving Diablo and Bael appears to be his primary goal, and it makes sense. All he has to do is heal Uriel, and they go free. Frankly, I don't see why he'd want to lie. I suppose he might do it to be a dick.

The Temple of Elderium appears in the distance. We travel for half an hour, and soon arrive near the outskirts of the capital city of Heaven. Stone buildings, hand-carved by untold numbers of workers, line a single street. 

Satan smirks. "Imps made your houses. I don't recall ever hearing a thank-you."

"Thy people completed their assigned tasks. That is all," Raphael says. "It seems that at some point, they forgot their place."

Satan's smirk vanishes. He doesn't reply, but a flash of anger passes over his face. 

Raphael seems to be trying his hardest to piss off the demon leader. I'm not sure that's a good idea.

Satan pauses. "I'll have you know-" Suddenly, his throat catches. Satan doubles over and clutches his stomach. "Kah! Hack! Buh-haaack!!"

Everyone flinches, including me. I kneel forward. "Satan? Art thou alright? What's the matter?!"

"Kah!! Gnn!!" Satan falls to his knees and clutches his throat as he chokes on some unknown substance.

I glare at Raphael. "What did ye do to him?!"

"Nothing!" Raphael retorts. "I didn't touch the little bastard! I haven't a clue why he's gagging!"

"Get me some water! I have to-"

A _whoomph_ of air rushes against my back. I quickly spin around to see Grigori holding his hands up in a magic seal. A portal materializes, black as the night itself. 

Uzziel's eyes widen. "What?! That's- gah!" Something hits my head, knocking me to the side and jarring my senses.

A moment later, I blink my eyes to see Satan standing up straight. He's no longer coughing, but instead bashing the Cherub guards away with his invisible Vectors. Raphael lies on the ground, having also been knocked aside. 

The eldest Archangel jumps to his feet and winces. "Spawn of maggots! I knew thou were hatching a scheme! What is this black magic?!"

The portal widens further. The instant it finishes opening, demons flood through its opening, pouring inside of Heaven as if a dam had burst. Big ones, small ones, and others I can barely even comprehend pounce from the portal and leap at the Cherubs, overwhelming them with pure numbers. Demons tear angels limb-from-limb, ignoring the terrified screams of panic as blood explodes all around us.

Immediately, I summon the fury of nature. Vines leap from the grass and grab at the closest enemies like a hundred enraged squids. They rapidly bind and secure one after the other, but no matter how many I summon, more demons continue to rush through the portal.

The sound of a horn blares. I spare a glance at Raphael as he yells into his cupped hands. The power of his magic amplifies the sound, echoing all around us.

Satan pounces at the old man. "Damn you, gramps! I didn't say you could call for backup!"

Right as Satan's fist connects with Raphael's head, the Archangel vanishes. His body evaporates into mist, making the Devil slam into the ground and chew dirt.

Raphael materializes behind me. "To thy feet, little sister! Assist me! We must push the demons back into-"

The old man stops mid-sentence. He dodges to the side as a circular disc of ice _whiffs_ toward him. It misses narrowly and continues into the distance. Raphael lands in a reverse-crabwalk and bounces back to his feet. His agility continues to astound me.

"Sataaan! I came to save youuu~!" A woman calls out. I turn to spot the skimpily dressed succubus, Nerissa, as she tosses several bolts of ice at me. Rolling to the side, I summon vines to protect myself, then send others to subdue her. Nerissa creates razor-sharp ice swords in each hand and slices my plants before they can close the gap.

"Right on time, toots!" Satan jumps over and blocks Nerissa with his body, putting a barrier between her and me. "Hah! It seems that Warper's plan worked out perfectly. Who knew grunts could be so smart, eh?"

"We must hold out until Gabriel and the other Archangels arrive," Raphael says to me. "He should be here any minute."

"What about Michael?!"

Raphael narrows his gaze. "I warned him several minutes ago the demons might attack. He's guarding the hostages."

Demons continue pouring through the portal. Hundreds. Thousands. A flood of flesh spews forth as if from the depths of Hell, spreading out to surround us. Given Uzziel's penchant for disappearing, we can easily escape, but she doesn't attempt to flee.

Uzziel clambers to her feet. "Satan! I trusted thee!"

"That was your first mistake, you dumb bitch," The Devil says with a look of glee. "Now you're outnumbered a thousand to one! Get 'em, boys!"

Raphael's eyes narrow. "Nay. Tis _thou_ who art outnumbered."

With a motion of his hands, Raphael summons a portal of his own. An entrance to Elderium appears. Angels inside gasp when they spot the demons. Many begin jumping through, quickly realizing the demons have entered Heaven.

"Shit!" Satan and Nerissa retreat several steps as our reinforcements come out swinging. Steel blades slice the air as several cherubs lunge at Satan, only to miss. 

Raphael's eyes glow. "Let not thy feelings of betrayal cloud thy judgment, sister. Set them aside, and help me remind these demons who are their masters!"

Uzziel swallows. "Y-yes!"

As the words leave my mouth, a sickening sensation washes over me. I turn to the left and notice Lucifer standing at the outskirts of the enemy forces. Her third eye glows cherry-red. The air distorts between us, and something resembling an invisible fist smashes against my face.

"Uzz-!"

Raphael's voice cuts off a split second later before he finishes calling my name.

The world goes black.

...

An eyeball appears as big as the Moon. It rushes toward me, engulfing the horizon. The pupil dilates, and bloody veins stretch across its sclera.

_UNWORTHY. PATHETIC. WEAK._

A woman's voice, as loud as thunder, booms in my mind.

_SAMAEL DIED BECAUSE OF YOU. ALL YOUR BROTHERS AND SISTERS WISH YOU HAD PERISHED INSTEAD OF HIM!_

Uzziel grabs her forehead. She opens her mouth to scream, but no words come out.

_THEY HATE YOU FOR CREATING THE DEMONS. THEY HATE YOU FOR EMPOWERING US, AND MAKING US INVINCIBLE!_

A hundred swords materialize above me. I try to dodge, only to fail. The blades rain down upon me, stabbing every inch of my body and skewering me into the dirt.

The agony is unthinkable.

"Ahnnn!" Uzziel whimpers pitifully.

The swords vanish. My arms and legs move of their own volition and bind behind me, as a rope wraps around my neck. Suddenly, I fall off a gallows and hang from a noose, dangling helplessly above an infinite abyss. The robe bites into my skin, compressing my neck and breaking my bones so I can't make a sound.

_TEN BILLION YEARS OF PUNISHMENT AWAIT! LIKE YOUR SISTER URIEL, YOU TOO SHALL TASTE THE NEVERENDING TORTURE OF MY DEMONIC TRANCE! UNBREAKABLE, INESCAPABLE! STRUGGLE AND CRY, WEEP AND WAIL, BUT YOU SHALL NEVER WALK AMONG THE LIVING AGAIN!_

A sword lunges at my throat, severing my head. I fall from the noose and lose sensation in the rest of my body as the ground rushes at my face.

_Wham!_

A dull sensation of pain hits me. My nose shatters against the dirt.

Suddenly, feeling returns to my body again. My head reattaches, only for a hundred wolves to pounce at me and begin tearing my flesh apart.

_HAHAHA! MY TRANCE DOOMS YOU TO NEVERENDING SUFFERING! FOR EVERY DEMON LIFE LOST, A THOUSAND YEARS OF AGONY AWAIT!_

Tears pour from Uzziel's face as the dogs rip apart her clothes and tear the skin from her bones.

_This... this must be... the attack Lucifer hit Uriel and Hercules with! But... Hercules escaped it somehow... so... that means..._

Uzziel's thoughts cut off as a wolf rips out her throat. I flinch reflexively when the agony hits me as well. Solomon's visions are far too realistic for my liking.

_No! It's only illusion magic... can't... can't give up hope..._

The wolves vanish. Uzziel's body heals, and for a moment, I think the hellish torment might end.

It doesn't.

The ground vanishes. A wall of spikes appears below the Archangel, and she screams in terror as she falls against the metal barbs. Untold numbers of them plunge through her backside, exploding forth like alien organisms.

_SUFFER! ENDLESSLY SUFFER!_

Lucifer's voice taunts me as her eyeball gazes from the sky.

Uzziel whimpers and spasms uncontrollably. 

_Must escape... must... can't think... hurts too... much..._

There is no escape.

Uzziel is trapped under the same spell as her sister.

Forever.