This time, when the vision concluded and Jason returned to the bonfire, he was the first to speak.

"Samael ended up inside of Satan, after all?" Jason asked.

The three Archangels sat silently for several seconds, each of them gazing into the fire dismally. A range of emotions passed over their faces, from sorrow to regret.

Raphael cleared his throat. "Aye. We never knew. 'Tis yet another revelation to us. Solomon's visions continue to surprise."

Michael rested his face in his hands. "Our brother Samael and sister Uriel, both trapped inside the minds of evil monsters. If only I had known. I would have stopped at nothing to release them from their torment."

"Do not blame thyself," Gabriel replied. Of the three Archangels, he sat the straightest. Compared to his brothers, he was the one who had mostly come to terms with his past. "How many times did we kill Satan, only for him to return? He was an unstoppable force of evil. His power grew exponentially over time. 'Tis a miracle he ever fell."

Jason turned to Solomon. "Speaking of which, how did Satan die?"

The ancient king leaned against Jason and rubbed his chin. "Hmm. Satan perished after the destruction of Earth, I presume. I locked myself inside the halls of the Labyrinth around that time. The information I possess comes from when I copied memories during my life, or the heads of people who wore my crown after my death. Unfortunately, my knowledge is not infinite, but contained to those I've interacted with."

Jason frowned. "That doesn't seem right. Whenever I use the crown, I gain the ability to visualize abstract concepts, materialize advanced technology, and any number of other incredible feats. I thought the crown possessed infinite knowledge?"

"Nope. I'm afraid not," Solomon replied. "During the 20th and 21st centuries, many intellectuals were granted the gift of wearing my crown by whosoever was Pope at the time. Several famous inventors and other brilliant minds did so for varying periods to augment their understanding of the universe, but in doing so, they lent their genius to my libraries. Naturally, I grew more and more capable of understanding abstract and complex theories regarding the cosmos."

Solomon winked at Jason. "Give and take, you see?"

Jason nodded. "Mmm. Well, I know that Amelia was involved with Satan's death. She somehow captured his soul and took possession of him."

"Hah!" Michael guffawed suddenly, making Jason flinch. "How ironic! The Devil spent his entire life stealing souls from anyone he could wrap his greedy paws around, only to end up trapped under someone else's thumb! I could hardly write a more fitting end for him if I tried."

Solomon glanced at Jason. His eyes glowed white for a moment, then reverted to normal. "Amelia. I've seen her in your memories and examined her battle against you in detail, but my Crown possesses surprisingly little knowledge of her life before meeting you. For a human to gain enough power to defeat the First Emperor, yet not exist in my database before six years ago..."

Michael stopped chuckling. "Oh? Was this 'Amelia' a Hero? Perhaps she emerged after the Energy Wars and battled Satan, then defeated him in a great show of heroic might."

Jason immediately shook his head. "Not a chance. Amelia despised heroes. She battled Joan of Arc and lost. Hell, she attacked me when she found out I was a hero. Also... regarding her powers..."

Pausing, Jason remembered the images of her attacking humans, devouring souls, and the terror on the faces of demons as she tore them apart.

Solomon held up his hand. "I see your thoughts, Jason. Let us not relive those memories."

Jason bowed his head. "Sorry."

Michael glanced at Solomon suspiciously. "What memories?"

"The Black Queen was no ally of humankind, angelkind, nor demonkind. I considered her an enemy of all life. Killing Satan was less about helping anyone here than it was about eliminating a foe against whom she bore a deep grudge. I would hardly praise her for her actions any more than I would Satan's," Solomon said.

Jason grew silent as memories of Amelia bubbled up in his mind. She had been his friend. He had known little about her, other than that she led a troubled life. He shouldn't have blamed himself for her death, but in the end, he did wonder if he couldn't have redeemed her somehow.

_No... her salvation wasn't up to me. Amelia was the arbiter of her destiny, and she chose the path of evil. Even if Blaarjiim influenced her, and even if she had a million excuses, it was her choice in the end, just as the Hero's path was mine._

Saving lives isn't easy. It's often more treacherous than ending them. It takes a lifetime to create something, but an instant to destroy it.

_That's why I have to be vigilant. I can't take the easy road, no matter how tempting it might be,_ Jason coached himself.

Solomon looked at Jason. "Jason? Something on your mind?"

"Kinda. I was thinking about Amelia. Now I'm wondering about my life and what led me to where I am now," Jason said.

Raphael lifted his gaze from the fire. "Oh? Judging by the sparkle in thy eyes, the future must be thy foremost concern."

"No, the past. I still don't understand why the Heroic Aura chose me. I'm not special; I'm nobody. Solomon was heir to a throne. Alexander the Great was, too. What makes me different?" Jason asked.

Raphael frowned. He gazed at Jason for a moment before placing his pipe in his mouth.

"The Heroic Aura. Aye, 'twas not other than my sister, Camael, who created it. The exact way it worked was not something we envisioned, merely that it had to perform a few key functions to meet our needs," Raphael said.

"We placed our power inside a human, one whose body was already puppeteered by a Titan's. By altering him in slight but significant ways, we managed to create a being with the unified power of angelkind, titankind, and humankind. We knew not the exact manner in which his abilities would function, only that upon his death, they would transfer to another human, somewhere in the universe."

Solomon nodded. "That was what I assumed. The Heroic Aura has always acted in a semi-sentient manner. It seeks those it believes worthy of its power, then changes its abilities based on their personality and potential."

Raphael scratched his beard. "Aye. Not even the Archangel of Divination foresaw its ability to change its form. Life has a way of surprising even the most world-weary traveler."

As the Archangel of Wisdom and Solomon debated the finer points of the Heroic Aura, Jason's memories returned once again to his youth.

He remembered his life back then, when he was a young boy living in the foster care system, both of his parents deceased, jumping from house to house — no living relatives. No stability. It was a miracle he had come out as good as he did.

_What did my biological mother look like? My father?_ Jason wondered. No matter how much digging he had done, he had never found out anything about them.

Jason raised his hand. "Hey, Solomon. How many Heroes were orphans? I read a lot of fiction growing up about kids without parents called to save the world and other mushy stuff like that. Maybe there's a connection? Something about fiction mirroring reality?"

Solomon paused to consult his crown. "Not many. A few were, but most heroes were born of nobility and had large, extended families, myself included. Are you asking because of your life's course?"

"Yeah. I never knew my parents. I'm just wondering what made me worth pursuing. The Heroic Aura must have chosen me for a reason," Jason said.

Raphael chuckled. "Heh. Young men usually desire a purpose for their lives. Hast thou considered the possibility that perhaps thou were of little importance? Perhaps the Aura sought out an ordinary person. After all, in the ancient eras, there were only a few nobles living amongst the common rabble. By the time thy birth occurred, the world had thousands of politicians and businessmen with influence and power on par with kings."

Solomon lifted his head to gaze into the starry night sky. "Perhaps. Perhaps not. Jason brings up a good point. At the time of his birth, there were billions of humans on Earth. I wonder, too, why the Heroic Aura would choose him."

Michael waved his hand flippantly. "Bah! It matters not. The boy became a hero, and that's all there is to it. Solomon, please continue the visions. I grow weary of this idle prattle."

Solomon sighed. "Michael, I hope someday you learn the value of patience. Such hastiness is unbecoming of an angel."

"The king is right," Gabriel added. "One need not be in a rush to travel nowhere. Slow down. Smell the roses."

Michael went silent for a moment before saying, "If only I _could_."

Solomon whistled quietly. "Pseww... okay. Well, Jason, I think we'd better return to the distant past. Michael needs a nap."

The Archangel of Courage glared at Solomon. "Quiet, lout."

Solomon rolled his eyes, then turned to Jason. "Prepare yourself, Jason."

..............................................................................

Once again, Jason reappeared inside Uzziel's body. Somehow, it had become almost comforting seeing things from her point of view. The demons often stank like skunks, but Heaven smelled lovely, and being inside an angel's body, especially someone as sweet and gentle as Uzziel, was a much more pleasant experience than that of the demons.

He walked down a dirt street inside Heaven's biggest city. _The only one? Are there multiple?_ Jason wondered. _Come to think of it, I don't know how big Heaven is. It could be the size of a planet or a small country. I'll ask Solomon later._

Uzziel hummed to herself pleasantly, though there was a tinge of melancholy in her tone. She paused before a large water fountain and lowered her gaze to a splotch of blood along its base. A tiny red hand lay severed next to the stone cropping. Uzziel's stomach clenched, and she quickly motioned to form magic signs. A wave of mana left her body, and the ground opened up to swallow the hand. After that, a few vines sprouted and covered up the blood.

She continued onward, forcing herself to continue humming stoically. The pain in Uzziel's heart wrenched Jason's as well.

Compared to the last time Uzziel had stood among her fellow angels, the overall attitude of the place was completely different. Most murmured to each other quietly, while others simply hung their heads. Looks of defeat passed across the faces of everyone present. It appeared a few days had passed. Jason saw no imps wandering around, so he had to conclude that the angels had killed them.

Uzziel continued walking through the crowds, smiling and nodding at those she passed. She put a little bit of sing-song into her voice as she stopped before a half-dozen men and women. "Cheer up, brothers and sisters! We needn't weep for those fallen! They shall live in our memories forever!"

The gaggle of angels turned to look at her. Uzziel's infectious smile forced them to return the gesture. "Y-yes. Of course. It, ah, won't do for us to mope around all day."

Continuing onward, Jason marveled at how Uzziel forced herself to smile. She put her best effort into making others laugh, even as her chest constricted every time her memories returned to dwell on Samael's face. His death had wounded Uzziel deeply, but she still beamed happiness everywhere and tried to boost everyone else's spirits.

Jason admired her self-sacrificing spirit.

...

Time passed. Ten minutes. Twenty.

Uzziel arrived at the edge of the city. A fifty-foot-tall stone building towered over her. The domed structure reminded Jason of an igloo, with a doorway barely ten feet high. Gabriel might have had difficulty entering it, but the other angels wouldn't. The oval-shaped opening extended out of the building a few feet. As Uzziel walked toward it, a wave of incredible heat washed over her. It had to be a hundred and fifty degrees inside. Jason started to sweat, but Uzziel didn't seem to notice.

The Archangel entered the building. Immediately, the temperature increased even higher. Two hundred degrees. Three hundred degrees. Uzziel wiped her forehead as sweat began to drip. Jason couldn't understand how she was standing, let alone walking. He had cooked food in ovens cooler than this place. Angels were hardy beyond belief.

As Uzziel entered, the sound of steel clanging against steel rang out in the din. _WHAM. WHAM. WHAM._

Camael, the Archangel of Divination, raised a massive hammer above her head and slammed it down against a sword. A wave of heat radiated outward as the tool met the red-hot blade. Behind Camael, Uriel and Raphael stood. Unlike Uzziel, Uriel appeared perfectly at home in the heat from the forge. Raphael seemed somewhat fatigued, but he stood without complaint as Camael smithed the weapon wordlessly.

"Brother. Sisters." Uzziel nodded at them and came to a stop. Her gaze swept the room. Dozens of swords, axes, shields, pieces of armor, and hundreds of other trinkets hung from the ceiling. Others stayed affixed to the walls via spikes and similar implements.

Camael halted her hammer for a moment to glance at Uzziel. "Uzziel! What brings thee to my humble smithy?"

"'Tis not often thou dost bestow a new artifact upon someone," Uzziel replied. "I am interested in seeing Uriel's new weapon."

Camael stared at her for a moment before smiling. "Is that so?"

She returned to hammering the sword. Uzziel took a step closer but kept a distance of about ten feet from the forge. "Did I miss the ceremony?"

Uriel shook her head. "Nay. Camael needed to finish working on that blade before continuing."

"Is that Uriel's artifact?" Uzziel asked.

Camael shook her head. "Nay. This sword is one I've forged and reforged hundreds of times. I intend for it to someday be my mightiest weapon. Unfortunately, my mana supply is not what it used to be."

Uriel stood on her tiptoes to peer over Camael's shoulder at the weapon. "Not to insult thy craft, sister, but it doesn't seem different from any of the others in here."

Camael smirked. "Have faith, Uriel. Someday, whosoever wields this weapon will become an unstoppable agent of the Creator. After that fiend killed our brother... I realized I needed to complete it. These imps... the _demons_... they represent a threat to our people. We underestimated them once, and as a result, we lost more than we bargained for."

Uzziel's eldest sister tightened her grip on the red-hot sword.

"I... I had another vision. Last night," Camael said.

Raphael, silent until now, perked up. "Oh? Thy hesitant tone worries me."

"It should," Camael whispered. "My clairvoyance is rarely lucid. The future is messy, chaotic, a mass of twisting lines and allegiances. Often, I wake up more exhausted than when I lay my head down to rest."

Hesitantly, Uzziel spoke up. "Thy vision must have been clearer than usual."

Camael sighed. She lifted up the sword and plunged it into a vat of water beside her, extinguishing its heat. After waiting a moment for the blackened blade to cool, she set the weapon on her anvil along with her hammer, then turned to face the three of them.

"What I saw sickened me. The demons will become our greatest threat. Their powers will continue to increase, far beyond anything we can imagine. All of us may perish under their unstoppable onslaught," Camael said.

Uriel's eyes narrowed. "Impossible. They caught us off-guard, but the bastards were hardly a match for our power. How could they hope to overrun the might of Heaven? We subdued the dragons and the Titans. A few tiny demon bastards are hardly—"

"Uriel." Raphael reached his hand over to rest it on her shoulder. "Allow Camael to finish. Her visions have never failed us. Besides, they always have a caveat."

Camael nodded. "Thou dost speak truth, brother. Never is the future set in stone. My visions often offer us a divergent path. However, this time, the stakes couldn't be higher. On the one hand, we will face total extinction, but on the other, we will find a utopia free of pain or sorrow. We must hunt the demons down and slay them all if we hope to avert the inevitable."

After a moment, Camael lowered her eyes. "But... the vision I received last night... the reason it haunts me still... I saw something else. I felt it. _My death_."

The color drained from Raphael's face, Uriel's, and Uzziel's too. Their brother opened and closed his mouth before stammering out, "A-art thou certain?"

Camael hesitated. "I... I saw a horrible creature. Red skin, like the imps, but with a horrific gleam in his eye. He reached toward me. I tried to fight back, but couldn't. My body became heavy. Darkness overtook me. When the void parted, hundreds of screaming voices echoed inside my mind. Their pain mixed with mine. I awoke with a start, sweat drenching my skin. For a moment, I forgot 'twas only a dream. It felt so real that I... I unquestioningly believed my demise had occurred."

"How terrible," Uzziel whispered. Quickly, she walked over and reached up to hug Camael, wrapping her arms around her armor. Camael reciprocated, forcing a smile.

"'Twas only... only a vision," she said. "I shall recover."

"'Tis still awful! My heart rends in two for thee!" Uzziel cried.

Camael gently patted Uzziel's head, caressing it lovingly. "I thank thee, Uzziel. Even if my end should someday arrive, I will always count myself grateful for—"

"No more of that!" Uriel snapped. "I'll hear no talk of thy supposed demise. Not this soon after Samael's death, not _ever._ Cast aside thy anxieties and focus on the present."

A minute passed. Camael pushed Uzziel away and nodded. "Right. Very well. I would like nothing more than to forget. A-ah, Uriel, thy reason for coming here..."

Camael switched topics, moving to end the discussion. She turned to the wall of artifacts, then gestured toward several different implements. "Thy fighting ability against the demons was less impressive than I liked seeing. I have decided to triple thy combat prowess by creating a pair of weapons for thee."

Uriel followed Camael's hand to a pair of spears hanging from the wall. "Not a sword and shield?"

"Nay. Thy Light Walls provide exemplary defense — what thou dost lack is a mighty offense to land killing blows. A sword and shield are for fighters like Michael, who rely on speed and mobility to close the gaps between each enemy, while also providing defensive capabilities where they lack. Thou requireth no such thing," Camael explained.

Camael reached up and plucked the spears off the walls, then tossed them to Uriel. "Gungnir. Gae Bolg. Two of the mightiest spears I have ever forged. Each is light as a feather, but nigh unbreakable no matter how much force one applies."

Uriel caught both spears, one in each hand. She fumbled them slightly and frowned. "Shouldn't I wield only one spear at a time? Using two seems rather... clunky."

Camael smiled. "As I said, thy defense is unparalleled. Typically, someone who uses one spear will focus on parrying and attacking with smooth, sweeping motions. However, wielding two of them allows for incredible reach and attack potential, allowing thee to spear multiple enemies at once."

Uriel's eyes brightened. "Ah! I can slay twice as many demons as before, eh? Thy intent is admirable, my beloved sister. I thank thee for this wonderful gift!"

Raphael kept his enthusiasm muted, possibly due to the heat in the room. "A most generous gift indeed, Camael. I wonder if thy generosity will ever extend to thy older brother, hm?"

"Haha! Thou hath little need of such implements, Raphael. Thy mystic arts are more than a match for any physical weaponry." Camael winked at Raphael. "But of course, thou already knoweth this."

"I do, I do," Raphael replied. "Still, the prestige of holding one of my sister's artifacts would lighten my heart."

Camael paused to rub her chin. "Hmm. Well, Samael's death has given me ideas. Protecting our lives is essential. I'll give thy request some thought."

"Do not stress thyself," Uriel said with a grin. "Once I master these spears, I'll become unstoppable. I feel thy mana flowing inside each of them. The demons won't stand a chance, nor will the Titans."

Uzziel's eldest sister's smile vanished. "Let us not speak ill of our allies, no matter how tentative the peace might be. Ah, that reminds me, 'tis about time."

Camael swept her hair back and headed toward the door. The three of them followed behind her and stepped into the wonderfully cool air outside, which felt chillier than an arctic breeze compared to the heat from the forge.

Raphael wheezed, thankful to be out of the heat. "Huff. I should join Michael and Gabriel. Soon, we will head off to address the Titans. I am uncertain how Cronus will react to our request."

"If he denies us the right to scour Earth for the red bastards, then he will become our enemy," Uriel said. "I won't rest until I put Satan's head on a pike. I'll butcher the demon women and torture the men."

"Thy bloodlust is admirable," Camael replied. "But I fear it will stifle negotiations. We will leave this matter to our brothers and Uzziel."

Uzziel raised an eyebrow. "Thou dost intend for me to go?"

Raphael smiled. "Of course! Thy beauty may help ease Cronus's irritation. He doesn't like being awoken, so perhaps if he observes thy beautiful smile, he may negotiate in good spirits."

Uriel planted the butts of both spears in the ground and leaned forward on them. "Hmph. Why can't I come? I'm reasonable!"

"Thou art a hothead, and worse than Michael," Raphael replied. "Worry not. Uzziel makes for an excellent ambassador. She will prove instrumental in changing Cronus's mind. I feel it in my bones."

Uriel relented. "Very well. I have better things to do than chatter with big, overgrown goliaths. I'll practice with my new spears. That sounds like fun."

Camael smacked Uriel's back, making her sister flinch. "Hah! Why don't I join thee! A bit of sparring will do wonders for our mental wellness!"

"It's settled, then," Raphael said. "Let us go now, Uzziel. We shouldn't keep Michael and Gabriel waiting."

Uzziel waved goodbye to her sisters. "Farewell, Uriel. Camael. I'll return soon!"

They waved back, and Uzziel began walking the path beside Raphael.

After a minute, Camael's forge fell behind them into the distance. Uzziel turned to Raphael and felt her stomach knot together.

"S-say, Raphael... about... about Michael... has he been... with the prisoners..." she asked.

Raphael didn't meet her gaze. "Do not ask questions to which thou knoweth the answers, Uzziel. Michael continues to press the captives for the location of their brethren. Sooner or later, they will tell him what he wants to know."

The old man swallowed audibly. "I hope, for their sake, they don't delay. There has been enough pain in Heaven as of late."

Uzziel bowed her head contritely.

"Aye. I hate the cycle of violence," she whispered.
