Part 222: Preparing For War
Part 222: Preparing For War

_Tarus II, midday._

A crowd of soldiers, 20,000 people deep, stands in a large open area within the warpgate encampment. As humanity's capital world, and the place where one of the Wordsmiths lives, it holds a special spot in every human's heart. While most humans don't originate from Tarus II, and many in fact came from worlds liberated by Hope Hiro and Neil Adams, they all still enjoy the capital world's mild climate.

A large display, nearly fifty feet wide and thirty tall, shows a live video feed of a meeting taking place on an elevated platform not far from Tarus II's warpgate. There, humanity and monsterkind's leaders gather at a table and wait for Neil's signal to begin their discussion.

Phoebe Hiro, Neil Adams, Kar the Sphinx, Belial, and many other top figures take their seats at the Governance Table and wait for the other guests to arrive. Neil sits at the head of the table, with Kar and Blinker on his right-hand side and a human male with a vicious demeanor on his left. Phoebe sits across from him at the opposite end of the table, with Belial and Doctor Fathy on her right-hand side and Hans Wagner on her left. Makoto Ueda sits in the middle, sandwiched between a few other humans and monsters, including a minotaur and a pair of jittery-looking goblins.

Nearly everyone arrives within the first five minutes, but it takes a while longer for the final guest to show up.

Lieutenant Henry, a soldier who has shown great promise among the younger recruits, strides toward the table with beads of sweat visible on his face. "Apologies for my late arrival, Commander Neil. I only received word about this meeting twenty minutes ago."

Neil smiles. "At ease, Lieutenant. You received the notification at the same time as everyone else. Were you at your villa?"

"I was."

"Then do not trouble yourself. You have quite a distance to travel. I am sure you stomped your vehicle's accelerator all the way here."

Henry blushes. "That I did, Commander. Thank you for your understanding."

Without another word, the young man takes a seat close to Neil's side of the table, between Kar and a dark-skinned woman wearing tribal garb. Kar nods at Henry politely. "Young Bull. It is fortunate that you did not miss this meeting."

The dark-skinned woman seated beside Henry stares at him like a hawk. "I suppose _someone_ has to show up last, yet still I must ask why it is always _you._"

Henry turns to look at the woman on his right. Unlike the other delegates present, she does not wear a military-issued uniform. Instead, she wears a bra and loincloth formed from animalskins, with fur for padding and support. Painted lines criss-cross her face, drawn on as a symbol of her royal heritage among her tribe. Her silvery hair hangs in a ponytail behind her head, with several black lines running through it, seemingly at random.

"I'm sorry, Miss Brunhilda," Henry says sheepishly. "I ran here as fast as I could."

"So you claim. I shall retract my fangs," Brunhilda says, while licking her front teeth. "But only this time. The ancient gods have cursed us with bad luck yet again. We haven't time to squabble over petty matters."

"Well spoken," Neil says without a smile. "Yesterday, Kar returned from his voyage to Hell Harbor alongside Jason Hiro. The news he brought back was not as pleasant as we might have liked. I've spent the last thirteen hours drawing up a response to the information he brought us."

Neil's words, along with the others at the table, beam to the soldiers in the encampment's courtyard. They listen with bated breath, wondering for what reason Neil summoned all of humanity and monsterkind's elites.

"I won't sugarcoat anything," Neil begins. "For reasons outside our control, we've learned that Ose, the current leader of demonkind, has declined Jason's offer for peace. According to King Kar, negotiations broke down and Ose sent the Wordsmith scurrying."

Kar grunts. "Heh. _King._ I like the way that word tastes."

"Shush!" Blinker hisses in the lizard's ear. Kar's fairy wife hangs out on his shoulder, listening intently to Neil's speech.

Henry leans forward. "What happened to Mister Hiro? Why isn't he here, along with Hope?"

Neil purses his lips. "An excellent question, and the primary reason I've called today's meeting. For the past two weeks, I've found myself unable to contact Hope. He left the Core to pursue some unknown goal in the Labyrinth, but he didn't follow proper procedure to tell anyone where he went. With Hope's recovery signal offline, I've been unable to locate him, and thus, I can't even send a Retrieval and Rescue team."

Murmurs quickly spread among those at the table. Several Core personnel turn pale at the thought that their all-but-invincible Wordsmith might have perished in a demon ambush.

Brunhilda clicks her tongue. "Tsk. What sort of headstrong fool heads into the depths of the Labyrinth by himself? Does this 'Hope' bear a death-wish? He sounds like a fool to me."

Her words cause sparks of anger to ignite in the eyes of several people present. Neil, however, doesn't even blink. "My apologies, Matriarch Brunhilda. Since you have only recently joined our resistance forces, it seems you are not aware of who, exactly, Jason and Hope are. Allow me to explain."

Brunhilda sits in silence and listens as Neil quickly debriefs her on the powers of the Wordsmiths. However, despite directing his words at the tribeswoman, he also ensures his words transmit through the viewscreen to all the troops listening in the outpost's courtyard. Many of them are new to humanity's resistance forces and thus have yet to learn of the heroes' existences.

After a few minutes, Brunhilda nods. "Ah. I see. I wondered why you kept calling him a 'Wordsmith.' My apologies for my disrespect, Commander Neil. I see now why this 'Hope' would stride into the Labyrinth without fear."

Neil sighs. "Aye. However, even with their incredible magic, neither of the Wordsmiths are invincible. Shortly before he left, a demoness named Vepar ambushed Hope. She nearly captured him, and if it weren't for King Kar's presence, we might have lost him then and there. For him to charge back into the Labyrinth after promising me he wouldn't..."

The Commander clicks his tongue. "...disappointing, to say the least."

Phoebe clears her throat. "Neil. About three hours ago, my Sigil darkened, and I lost my ability to contact Jason. I've tried to message him several dozen times, but he hasn't responded."

Kar's expression darkens. "Hurgh. Turtle told me he wished to spend a few hours investigating Hell Harbor. Beyond that, I do not know what his plans were."

The Commander leans against the table, a look of weariness on his face. "Damn. Both Wordsmiths have fallen off our radar. Going forward, I want everyone in this meeting to assume they have either died or landed in the demon's clutches. If fortune favors us, then perhaps they haven't. However, we must operate on the assumption that our two Heroes will never return, or, even worse, that the demons might use wicked magic to turn the Wordsmiths against us."

Ugly expressions appear on the faces of those present. Phoebe lowers her gaze and steels her face, unwilling to cry.

Belial raises her hand. "Since you brought it up, I thought I should mention that Ose possesses some ability to control the minds of others. Given how Jason entered a meeting with Ose, it is possible she compromised him from the very start."

With a slump in her shoulders, Belial continues. "I only know about Ose's powers from when she was a Baron, and I've not interacted with her since her ascension to Emperor. Most likely, her abilities have long since improved."

Belial concludes by lowering her gaze to the table. "Ose is far from the only demon capable of mind control. Some of the Hidden Emperors are equally adept in the mental arts."

Neil nods. "Kar has mentioned the Hidden Emperors in passing to me before. However, based on the way he described them, it seemed as if they would never willingly follow Diablo's orders, let alone Ose's. Kar, do you think that situation has changed? Are the Hidden Emperors likely to reveal themselves?"

Kar shrugs. "Hurgh. I am sorry, Ox-arms, but I do not know. The Hidden Emperors have not shown their faces in tens of thousands of years. The enmity between them and the primary Hell is unlikely to ever fade."

Neil frowns. "Unlikely? I don't like that word. It implies uncertainty. Succubus, have you any detailed information regarding the Hidden Emperors?"

The Commander glances at Belial, who narrows her eyes in return. "My _name_ is Samantha. Use it. And yes, I do. Naturally, I know all of them to varying degrees."

Neil ignores Belial's annoyed reaction. "Good. I want a report on my desk by tomorrow. Give me their names, descriptions of their appearances, and as many details about their powers as you can manage. Without Hope and Jason, our chances of surviving a demonic assault will drop precipitously for every additional Duke and Emperor that shows up."

Belial licks her lips. "Kar is right. Knowing Ose, she will never be capable of commanding a single Hidden Emperor, let alone uniting them. As much as most of them hate women, they _all_ despise the leaders of the Primary Hell. They would sooner cut off their own hands than assist Ose."

"That may be well and true," Neil counters, "but I'm readying our troops for war. I need a contingency plan for every possible scenario. As a famous man once said, '_know yourself and know your enemy, and you will never lose a single battle._' If there is even a one percent chance of some horrific monster appearing during the battle, I want a containment or destruction method available immediately."

Belial leans back in her chair. She flicks her eyes into the distance to avoid Neil's gaze. "I'll write down whatever I can remember."

Neil doesn't thank her. Instead, he returns his attention to the others seated at the table. "Now that we understand the worst-case scenarios, I'd like to present everyone with an overview of our logistics and battle capabilities. Please turn your attention to this screen on my right."

After rising to his feet, Neil strides over to a large viewscreen nearly ten feet wide and four feet tall. He pulls a laser pointer remote from his pocket and presses a button, activating the screen to reveal several maps of Tarus II, Maiura, and a few other planets.

"Right now, looking at our battle capabilities, we have about three million people within the human populace. Additionally, there are more than a million monsters of varying species and even a few thousand demons on our side. However, sixty percent of humanity will be unable to assist us, should war break out. We have many elderly individuals and countless children among our ranks. They will be a prime target for the demons to attack. As such, we will need to ensure their survival if we hope to reign victorious in the event of a war."

Neil smirks. "Luckily, thanks to the Wordsmiths and _Her Majesty_, the Second Emperor, we've almost no sick or injured. Moving our people to a centralized location should be our first priority."

The Commander's sarcasm causes Belial to scowl, but she bites her tongue and keeps quiet. Every time Neil refuses to call Belial by her name, she becomes a little angrier. However, for some reason, she never hauls off and strikes the man.

Henry smiles inwardly. _The Commander might be a fool who has fallen for Hope's slick words, but his heart is in the right place. He treats the traitorous succubus with the disrespect her kind deserves. Even if Miss Oshina wishes for me to execute Neil as a traitor, I cannot help but respect his convictions. If at all possible, I would rather turn the Commander away from the demonic magic of the Wordsmiths and toward the righteous path of us, the unempowered masses._

The delegates at the table keep silent as Neil aims his laser at a map of Tarus II. "Right now, we stand amidst the warpgate facility on our capital world. Thirty-seven miles to our west, across these lightly forested woodlands, sits one of Tarus II's three vast oceans. Ten miles to the east, Hero City stands atop a two-hundred-foot-tall mountain plateau. It is our great fortune that Bahamut built her city atop such an easily defensible position. The plateau stands nearly fifteen miles wide, with several pyramids to the south, the general hospital at the westernmost edge of the city, and the populace resting within the center."

Neil's words target the foreigners sitting amongst the soldiers, as well as a few of the newest delegates. Brunhilda, the warrior tribeswoman from a recently liberated world, raises her hand. "Given the hospital's position, I worry that it will present a prime target for the demons to attack. It rests on the plateau's edge, nearest the warp-gate. If the demons break through the warpgate, they won't have to travel far to reach our sick and injured."

"You are correct," Neil says, a faint smile on his face. "However, the hospital's position is also close enough for Miss Hiro's emergency teleporters to warp injured soldiers directly from the battlefield to clinical and emergency wards."

"Emergency teleporters?" Brunhilda asks, cocking her head slightly. "I do not understand this term."

Henry turns to her, his neighbor. "Teleporters are special devices that can move people instantly across vast distances. However, I didn't know Miss Hiro had developed such advanced devices for our usage, already."

Phoebe shakes her head. "If it weren't for Kar's warning, I wouldn't dare use them. I've spent the past year and a half trying to develop an emergency rescue system for anyone wearing a T-REX battlesuit. Unfortunately, I couldn't integrate the systems properly into Centurion's mainframe. I only managed to create addon devices that attach to T-REX's and add the functionality, but there are still bugs I haven't worked out."

Several officers glance at each other with looks of relief. _Miss Hiro is once again doing everything she can to protect our lives,_ their gazes say.

Neil purses his lips. "Unfortunately, Miss Hiro has only created enough emergency teleportation systems to attach to half of our available exosuits. Anyone with the device will have a strong likelihood of surviving a fatal attack, should the demons reach our planet. Anyone without one, will likely fall."

The commander falls silent for a moment. He sweeps his gaze around the table, meeting the eyes of everyone present.

"I considered equipping our best soldiers with the rescue beacon addon. I even considered equipping our freshest recruits, since they would likely need its services more. In the end, I settled on having Miss Hiro install the devices inside T-REX's at random. Nobody will know who can be rescued; not even me. Act as if you have only one life. Do not enter into foolish engagements or life-threatening situations recklessly. Assume that if you fall, your exosuit will not have a rescue device."

After pausing for emphasis, Neil concludes. "After all. Even if your T-REX does possess a rescue addon, it might fail to activate."

The looks of ease on the faces of those present fade away. Their expressions turn grim as they realize that even if they luck out and obtain a rescue-device-enabled exosuit, it might not activate in their moment of distress.

The 'important' members present might not survive even if humanity wins the war.

Neil returns his gaze to the monitors. "Miss Hiro's environmental shield, which covers the entirety of Hero City, serves many important purposes. Its most critical function lies in blocking demon Warpers from teleporting into the heart of our city. However, they can still easily make landfall outside its barrier to summon an attack force at our flanks. The southern and eastern sides of Hero City are most at risk in that scenario."

Despite her grievances with Neil, Belial still raises her hand to speak. "Warpers do not possess omnipotent teleportation abilities. In order to establish a rift between locations, they must have visited the entry and exit point recently — within the last few months, at a minimum. Some Warpers are more proficient than others and can teleport to places from, say, a year before, but their numbers are few."

Brunhilda raises her hand. "I do not follow, Emperor Samantha. Why tell us this?"

Belial blinks. "Unless a Warper has secretly roamed our borders within the last few months, they will not be able to open a warpgate to our world. However, if the demons break through our warpgate and make landfall on Tarus II, the Warpers will be able to teleport around our defenses and arrive at our flanks. We must prevent my people from breaking past the Core at all costs."

Henry's face twitches. He forces down the anger in his heart as he stares at the succubus with simmering hatred. _'Your people' indeed, bloodskin filth._

Neil, too, shares nearly identical thoughts to Henry. However, he maintains a neutral expression and merely nods. "Yes. We must avoid losing the Core at all costs. Even if the Warpers don't somehow evade our defenses, we have an equally pressing matter that will endanger our efforts. _Burrowers._"

He presses a button on his remote, changing the viewscreen to show multiple demon grunts with huge claws, along with a bunch of goblins.

"Miss Hiro's Environmental Shield may protect our capital from the elements and Warpers, but it will do nothing against Burrowers and goblins. While the Goblins will scale our cliffs with ease, the Burrowers will create tunnels under our city to funnel enemy troops into our weakest areas. Should anyone decide to hole up inside Bahamut's pyramids, they will become tombs for those trapped within. Common military tactics of using earthen shelters are little more than suicidal folly when dealing with Burrowers."

"That brings me to my next point," Neil says. He returns to the previous screen with maps and geological data via a click of his remote. "We need to prepare for the worst eventuality. If the demons overrun us, we will need to retreat to Kelkin; this planet's moon. Such a measure will only delay our inevitable extinction. Kelkin is a hostile world with barely enough sustenance for the two thousand scientists working to empower our military, let alone the rest of us. Luckily, Jason Hiro did come up with a little surprise last year."

Neil aims his laser pointer at the northern edge of Hero City's plateau, where a wide, open field stands. Its barren, rocky surface appears flat and empty.

"Some of you may recall a certain event from six months ago, when Kar and Henry oversaw the setup of multiple chainlink fences to cordon off this section of Hero City from the rest. We never stated the public reason for why nobody could enter that area, but today, I will reveal the reason for our secrecy."

Neil changes the slide once again, revealing an image of a humongous, 1000-foot-long starship with a 300-foot-diameter body. Its circular design looks somewhat like a gigantic blimp, with a smaller blimp attached at its rear; the engine room.

"This ship is called the Covenant. It has enough room inside to house 5,000 humans and monsters comfortably for an indefinite amount of time. However, when packed to capacity, it can fit nearly 20,000 people. It possesses a highly advanced rationer system capable of synthesizing food from sunlight, meaning that so long as the ship orbits a star, it will be capable of feeding its crew of 5,000. However, when packed with 20,000 people, the Covenant can only last 5 years at most due to technical limitations."

Once again, Neil pauses for emphasis.

"...We have ten Covenant ships. At most, we can only rescue 200,000 citizens in the event of a total demonic overrun. I need not say what will happen to those who don't make it aboard."

A muscular, dark-skinned man sitting opposite from Brunhilda, raises his hand. Having said nothing since the meeting started, his action draws the gazes of everyone present. "Commander Neil. How shall you determine who may come aboard the Covenants?"

"Elder Skarde," Neil says, bowing his head politely. "If Tarus II requires a planetary evacuation, we can safely assume the demons will have overrun our troops and our civilian populace, too. It will be every person for themselves at that point. I don't imagine a full 200,000 people will make it offworld alive if our defenses fail."

The massive, muscled man, Elder Skarde, sits with his arms crossed. He stares at Neil with a deep, melancholic look of acceptance. At nearly fifty years old, he has reached the peak of his life and has witnessed many horrors among the demonic raids conducted against his world. 

"I see. We should pray we never need to use these starships, then."

Henry raises his hand. "Commander, a question. You say there are ten Covenant ships ready and waiting, but why have I never seen them before? I helped construct those fences, yet there were no ships there even as recently as last month."

Neil nods. "Miss Hiro covered the ships with a 'cloaking net' to hide their existence. Our goal was to prevent any demon spies from learning of our potential escape plan ahead of time."

Henry lowers his eyes to the table. _Miss Oshina told me to warn her about stuff like this. When I get out of the meeting, I'll have to tell her about everything I've learned here today! Even as a lieutenant, there's so much I don't know about humanity's capabilities._

Brunhilda raises her hand. "Commander Neil. You've spoken at length about Tarus II. That is well and good, but what of the other alliance worlds? My world does not have the protections yours does. If the demons invade, I am afraid my people will fall before the gods can protect us."

"I am glad you asked," Neil says. Once again, he taps a remote button to return to the map screen. This time, he aims his laser at a map of Maiura. "The situation on Maiura is almost the exact opposite of here on Tarus II. Tarus II's warpgate rests upon an open field with few natural defenses. Hero City stands erected atop a mountain plateau, with the majority of its population capable of hunkering there for defense. However, on Maiura, the Warpgate sits nestled within the bowl-like chasm of a mountain, offering excellent natural fortifications. Meanwhile, Maiura's populace is more spread-out, with small villages and cities here or there. Countless people live within small dwellings in its vast, lush forests."

"If the demons attack Tarus II, we will have plenty of methods to defend its populace," Neil continues. "But if they attack Maiura, Genos, or your world, Feloria, then I cannot say for certain that the results will be anything but catastrophic."

Brunhilda's expression contorts into a mixture of shock and outrage. She jumps out of her chair and shouts at the Commander. "What! Neil, your people came to my world and offered asylum from our slavemasters! You told us you would protect us, and yet now you claim that we will have to die without your help?! What absurdity! If we had known this would happen-"

Neil raises a finger. "What would you have done? Would you have turned us down? I did not anticipate a war without the Wordsmiths supporting us. If even one of them were here, and especially if that one was Hope, I can say with a high degree of confidence that we would drive the demons back again and again. Without them, we will have to rely on ourselves. We will have to show our enemies that we will not falter when they come knocking at our door."

"Maybe so," Brunhilda scowls. "But the Wordsmiths _aren't_ here, and now my people are likely to perish, all because I bought into your promises of salvation."

"I promised nothing," Neil says, his expression turning cold. "Do you think our ambitions are a joke? Do you think this coming war is a game? Had we not liberated Feloria, what sort of fate do you think you would be facing now? Would the demons merely bypass you to go for our jugular? No! They would begin systematically weeding out those with the most rebellious thoughts among your people. They would force you into labor camps to mine demonstone, all while ignoring the old treaties. Fighting alongside the rest of humanity, you have a slim chance of survival. Without us, you would only end up suffering a slow, necrotic death."

"Commander Neil speaks the truth," Elder Skarde rumbles. He rests his elbows on the table and folds his hands together to form a resting spot for his chin. "My world would rather die a quick, merciful death than suffer under the whips and whims of the torturous bloodskins."

Skarde's slur causes Belial to shift uncomfortably in her seat. A younger Demon Lord on the other side of Doctor Fathy, likewise, reveals his unease at Elder Skarde's casual slur. However, neither of them voice their opinions. They keep quiet due to the guilt caused by their fellow demons' actions.

However, Phoebe doesn't. "Elder Skarde. Please. Whatever anger you feel toward those who have harmed you, please keep such crude language out of this discussion."

Elder Skarde turns to look at Phoebe. His hardened expression reveals no emotion, but a hint of contempt boils within his eyes. 

"Hmph. As you wish."

The table falls silent for several seconds. Neil clears his throat to begin offering his final thoughts.

"Ahem. In conclusion, we have a difficult fight ahead of us. Our enemies number in the trillions, while we possess only a fraction of their might. In a traditional war, we might not stand a chance. However, we can still survive, and possibly even win, provided we keep our wits about us."

Neil returns to his chair. He points a finger toward the sky while speaking. "An ancient story goes a little something like this: Once upon a time, a small army of three hundred humans needed to defend against a military force more than a thousand times their size. Rather than attempt to face their foes head-on, the brave and intelligent warriors created a chokepoint that forced their enemies to come at them in a steady trickle. In this way, three hundred men held off a million battle-hardened warriors for two days, allowing their populace to escape. Likewise, we must mirror these ancient warriors to create a miracle of our own."

"The demons are innumerable. They are relentless. They will not stop, no matter what. Only by drowning the Labyrinth with their blood will we be able to establish our foothold in this galaxy and prove that we have the right to exist! We have the right to pursue happiness! We have the right to break our chains and regain our freedom! I will not allow the demons to punish us for the sins of our ancestors. I will fight until I draw my last breath, as long as it takes, to ensure I never bow my head to those filthy, murderous, _bloodskin_ bastards."

Neil shoots a meaningful look toward Belial.

"Succubus. You claim to be an ally of humanity. We will see if you are all talk, or if you have the will to back up your words."

Belial crosses her arms. She meets Neil's gaze with a look of disgust. "Have you forgotten, Neil? There are no Wordsmiths here. If I wanted humanity enslaved or dead, you wouldn't be able to stop me. If you have something to say... either say it, or shut your mouth. I've proven myself a thousand times over, yet your closed-minded bigotry never fades. In my eyes, you're no different from those I left behind when I came here."

Neil snorts. "Strong words, but your little jabs mean nothing to me."

Without waiting for Belial's reply, Neil turns his gaze toward the others present. The discomfort on their faces at his spat with their beloved healer doesn't faze him in the slightest. "Does anyone have any questions before I wrap this meeting up?"

Brunhilda raises her hand. "Yes. What can I do to ensure my people's survival?"

Neil gestures toward Brunhilda's skimpy clothing. "Miss Hiro will supply your planet with enough exosuits that if the demons do attack, you'll be able to use their enhancements to put up a fight or flee. The demons aren't omnipotent. If your warriors master their T-REX's, they will be capable of fighting with Demon Barons on equal footing. Henry is the perfect example. He slew several wyverns on his own, and his T-REX is the most basic model."

"Chrrup! The most basic model?" Doctor Fathy, the Harpie, asks. "Are there new exosuits available?"

"That's right. Miss Hiro designed several powerful new variants, including one for medical personnel. I don't want you performing field surgery without protection, after all. The nanites will bond to any human or monster's body with ease, so don't worry about losing the functionality in your wings and claws."

Henry perks his ears up. "Commander, how many of these new variants do you have available for us?"

"Not many. Two thousand at most," Neil replies. "The Thundercats and Spectres we have now only perform at twenty percent of their maximum efficiency. Miss Hiro informed me that the Mark II's would perform at close to sixty percent of their maximum output."

Neil turns to smile at Phoebe, but she gives him a cold glare in response. After the way he spoke to Belial, the Wordsmith's wife maintains a frosty demeanor. "Sixty-five percent, _Neil._"

The Commander ignores Phoebe's biting tone. "Well done, as usual, Miss Hiro. We all depend on you for our survival."

Several other leaders around the table raise their hands. They ask Neil various questions, but the contents usually relate more to their specific planets than the war situation as a whole.

Kar turns to look at Henry. "Hurgh. Young Bull. Can you teach me how to use a T-REX?"

Henry smiles at his big, crocodile friend. "Of course, Mister Kar. You've always been there for me. But why do you want one? I thought your scales were stronger than the exosuits?"

"It was my idea!" Blinker yells. She flies off Kar's shoulder to hover between him and Henry. "If the stupid, stinky demons are gonna attack, then I want Kar to get all geared up! An extra layer of protection can't hurt!"

Kar snorts. "I only do what my Butterfly wishes."

Henry sighs. "I wish we had the T-REX's years ago, back when Beelzebub first attacked the Core. Maybe they would have saved Piper's life."

"Piper..." Blinker mutters. "Ah. Your fox friend. I'm sorry you lost him. We've lost a lot of friends to the demons. Kar lost his whole family."

The gigantic reptile flinches at Blinker's words. "Hurgh. I have yet to repay the Battle Brothers for their sins. With any luck, I will meet them in battle."

"I'll be there for you," Henry says, while patting Kar's back. "Anyone who's your enemy is mine, too. We're all in this together."

"That is right," Kar says. "Just like how we must pay back Hotface for killing Piper."

"You said it," Henry grunts.

Across the table, Elder Skarde rises to his feet. "I will recall my people to Tarus II within the hour. If the demons make it inside the Core, my planet will be defenseless to their onslaught. However, on this capital world, we can survive longer and offer extra hands for when the fighting worsens."

Neil smiles. "You speak the words of a wise man. Tarus II will accept all the help we can get."

"I will recall my people as well," Brunhilda says. She nods at Elder Skarde as she speaks. "You have the right idea, brother."

With the meeting concluded, Henry rises to his feet along with the others present. He and Kar head off into the Core, but as they leave, Henry glances back over his shoulder to see Neil sitting at the table, staring at Belial's back. The succubus and Phoebe take their leave, but Neil's gaze doesn't leave until she walks out of his eyesight.

_I wonder why the Commander hates Belial, in particular, so much?_ Henry wonders inwardly.

With a shrug, he returns his focus to Kar.

_Not that I care. After all, every bloodskin must die._