Part 438: The Far-Seer
Part 438: The Far-Seer

Three hours pass.

Vulpanix slowly regains her energy, ultimately becoming capable of moving her body more and more. By the time Creator Demila returns, Vulpanix can just barely walk around in a shaky and trembling manner, though she collapses after only a few minutes of movement.

After exhausting her strength, Vulpanix flops into a hovering pod and blearily gazes at her superior. [Apologies... I am still... quite exhausted.]

[You can recover while we travel to Volgarius.] Demila says. [Senior Goldis, is she safe to leave?]

The aged Celestial Designer smiles kindly at Demila. "Indeed she is. You two can go. May the Founders guide your paths."

[And may the Founders guide yours.] Demila replies with a respectful nod.

She and Vulpanix both leave. They step out into the main facility, where the lesser Psions revive and are placed into healing tanks much like hers. However, unlike Vulpanix, a powerful 7th Level Psion, these lesser ones only get relatively generic treatment. They reside within rows, unconscious, lacking the special medicine she received to bolster her recovery speed. Due to the unique properties of the hyper-revival stimulants, they cannot be easily mass-produced, and are thus stockpiled and saved for emergencies or for assisting elite Psions in their recovery times.

Having been inside this facility before, on many occasions, neither Vulpanix nor Demila are particularly interested in exploring its confines. The two women quickly make their way down the various winding corridors, past the psio-revival rooms where blasts of planet-grade energy burst out to reform recently deceased Psion bodies, and toward an awaiting Warpgate secreted away.

Identical to the gates inside the Labyrinth, the world's lone gate hums with energy. Over three dozen 6th Level Psions stand guard, watching with expressions of awe as the two 7th Level elites stride and hover toward them. Bursts of psionic activity travel between the guards as they secretly converse about how rare it is to see a Confessor and Creator passing through at the same time.

Luckily for Vulpanix's sanity, none of them seem to know about her failure at Serris.

Creator Demila stops before the gate and turns to look at the nearby controller, a blood-red-skinned Psion warrior. They communicate briefly, and he nods. His fingers reflexively race across the control panel at hyperspeed, calculating the Warpgate's new travel vector in mere seconds, vastly eclipsing the speeds of humanity and their monster allies. Compared to the original creators of the Warpgates, humanity cannot even come close to matching their technical know-how.

Well, everyone except for Solomon. Though he is more of an aberrant...

Moments later, Demila and Vulpanix travel through the Warpgate and arrive on Volgarius inside a secret underground receival facility, less than a hundred miles from the Founder's Fingers. Given its status as the homeworld of the Volgrim, Volgarius houses four Warpgates placed in equally distant locations, spread out for easy access and travel across the galaxy. At the same time, they are heavily defended and ready to be collapsed in the event of a Plague incursion.

The two of them undergo a quick inspection to verify their identities. Then, after they depart the facility, they arrive at a departure platform, where they pause to wait for a shuttle.

At least, until Vulpanix rolls her eyes. [Just levitate us to the Founders. I don't want to wait for a piece of technology to fly me around like a metalhead.]

[Oh?] Demila asks with a hint of bemusement. [It's awfully rude to levitate another Psion.]

[Without their permission.] Vulpanix clarifies. [And you have mine. Oh, wipe that smug look off your face. You enjoy watching me squirm.]

[Are you implying I enjoy seeing some snotty young upstart who raced to the same rank as me in a fraction of the time become humbled by her own hubris?] Demila asks. [By no means. I would never think such thoughts.]

[If you'd like, we can have a friendly spar when I regain my full strength.] Vulpanix challenges. [Or perhaps when I'm at eighty percent. I wouldn't want to beat up an old fossil too badly.]

[You think just because you're talented that you are my match?] Demila retorts. [The Terrans have a saying: In a galaxy where females die young, fear the old woman.]

[I very much doubt that's how their euphemism goes.] Vulpanix snarks. [Now get on with it. I don't want to die of embarrassment before we even reach the Founders.]

[Of course.]

With a flick of her hand, Demila lifts herself and Vulpanix up, then shrouds both of themselves in a field of temporal dampening, making it impossible for common Psions and others to observe them.

The two Psions lift up and race off into the horizon. Vulpanix snorts at her superior.

[Shielding my pitiful state from the sight of others. I thank you for considering my position.]

[Even if I wanted to parade your weak form around to humiliate you, I couldn't.] Demila says in a more serious tone. [It is important during these dark times that we maintain morale, along with an appearance of strength. You are a well-known Confessor. People will learn that you lost a battle and perished. But hearing is not the same as seeing. If they were to see you in your current state, it would do far more than bruise your ego.]

Vulpanix quiets down.

[Mmm. We are besieged from all sides. Not only the Plague, but the Second Wordsmith as well. Even the First Wordsmith is hardly our ally. He is self-serving in his own way.]

[Do not blame them for following their unenlightened, petty instincts.] Demila says. [The humans are still young. Before the era of the Great Wars descended, the Age of Ignorance had already extended for 500,000 long cycles. Unarin brought us out of that period into the Era of Enlightenment, but the humans have not had time to properly develop. It is only natural they would be greedy and simple-minded, as our people once were.]

[Do you believe that the humans will be able to elevate their consciousness, given time?] Vulpanix asks.

[Oh, of that, I have no doubt.] Demila answers, glancing at her junior. [They are young. They are stupid. They are greedy. They are selfish. But so are the Volgrim, we have simply learned to focus on the greater good. Jason Hiro might not be as...]

She pauses for several long seconds.

[..._intellectually stimulated_... as our First Founder. But he has a good heart. He seeks to uplift his people and unify humanity and the demons, despite all the pain the demons have inflicted. This is a broad-minded viewpoint that will take him far.]

[I disagree.] Vulpanix challenges. [Founder Unarin and Jason Hiro are both broad-minded, yes. They are both compassionate toward those who have offended them, yes. But their difference in intellectual capacity is not something one can gloss over. When I look at the First Founder, I sense a being of indomitable will who will fight for what he knows to be right. Compared to the wishy-washy Wordsmith, a man who is already being manipulated by his lessers... surely another human will eclipse him, given time.]

[Neil Adams.] Demila replies. [Have you heard his name?]

[I've had neither the time nor the inclination to look into the backgrounds of random humans.] Vulpanix answers. [Why? Is this Neil Adams someone of note?]

[He is much closer to Founder Unarin's 'aura' than Jason Hiro, in my view.] Demila says. [Oh, certainly he is more petty. He hates the demons with a passion. He acts ambivalent, but lusts for power. Comparing him to the glory of our First Founder is like comparing a Meltarr to a Swamp-Fisher. But he has the... potential. If he can merely reshape some of his mudlike views on reality and ascend higher, he will become a formidable existence.]

She pauses.

[I hear that even the First Founder has recently taken a keen interest in Neil's activities. One of my top priorities whenever I am on Tarus II is to keep a close eye on humanity's military commander.]

[Hmm. In that case, I will look into his information when I have time.] Vulpanix concludes.

The two Psions rocket across the horizon, needing less than five minutes to reach their ultimate destination at the Founder's Thumb.

Though the smallest of the Founder's Five Fingers, the Thumb is nonetheless the most important, given it is where Unarin himself lives and works. Demila flies Vulpanix to a landing platform, then sets her down. The two of them proceed forward more slowly, until they arrive before a familiar pink-skinned Ascended.

"Greetings, Lady Demila. Lady Vulpanix." Muuxunuu, Unarin's closest assistant, says.

The female Ascended walks toward the other two women and nods respectfully, then turns her full attention on Vulpanix.

"Founder Unarin has already been briefed on the information you told Demila. However, he still wishes to speak to you in person. Please follow me. And you as well, Demila. Founder Unarin will likely have orders to give regarding your activity on Tarus II."

[I imagined he might.] Demila replies.

The three women walk deeper into the Founder's Thumb. Something about Muuxunuu's presence causes the other two women to fall utterly silent. So majestic and mysterious is her appearance, as well as her role in the Empire, that they almost feel as if she is an inviolable goddess, someone whose time they must never waste, or in whose presence they must not waste useless words.

When they arrive at the entrance to Unarin's inner sanctum, Muuxunuu turns to Vulpanix and Demila. She blinks her large blue, limpid, watery eyes.

"You may enter."

[Of course.] Both Psions reply. [Thank you for personally escorting us, Lady Muuxunuu.]

"I contemplate, and I comprehend." Muuxunuu concludes.

She turns and walks away. Demila opens the large doors to the First Founder's inner sanctum, and she takes the lead, walking in slowly but confidently.

[First Founder.] Demila says, with more than a hint of respect and reverence in her tone. [I have come, and I have brought the Confessor.]

From behind a table standing ten feet tall, stacked with models of a huge city on one of the many Volgrim-controlled worlds, Unarin steps out and gives both women an evaluating glance.

"Demila. Thank you for coming. I will be addressing Vulpanix for now, but do stick around. I will have some thoughts I'd like to exchange with you."

[Of course.] Demila says, while bowing her head. She turns and flickers away, leaving to give Vulpanix a bit of privacy with the First Founder. It does not escape Demila's senses that flickers of godlike psionic activity monitor her every move - the sign of Founder Dosena's presence.

With the two of them alone, Founder Unarin smiles casually at Vulpanix, seemingly not even noticing her hoverchair-bound weakness.

"Confessor. It has been a while since we last spoke, hasn't it?"

[You are a busy Volgrim, to say the least.] Vulpanix answers. [Compared to the hundreds of other 7th-level Psions, I am but a drop in the proverbial bucket.]

"Now now, don't sell yourself short." Unarin says, in a soft and soothing voice. He turns away and wanders over to a nearby table stacked with all manner of rare and precious pieces of artwork. "To go from the rank of Initiator to Confessor in just 95,000 cycles is a praiseworthy accomplishment. Furthermore, you did so without resorting to the path of specialization. You are a true-blooded Psion warrior who will surely accomplish many great things. Of all your comrades at the same rank, I don't think it's incorrect to state you will be the next to earn the title of Executor."

Vulpanix shifts slightly, feeling a little uncomfortable about his praise.

[I... I have some meager achievements.] Vulpanix mutters. [But... regarding Serris...]

"Ah, yes. The loss of Serris. The capture of a Celestial Designer. All of this happened under your watch." Unarin says bluntly, turning to look at her with an expression no more severe than any other so far. "I imagine you've been beating yourself up over that since you revived."

Vulpanix hangs her head in shame. [I... I have committed a terrible sin. I deserve a severe punishment for allowing harm to come to a Celestial Designer.]

"Mmm. You did the best you could, given the options available." Unarin says, waving his hand. "There will be no punishment."

She snaps her head up. [No punishment? But... but... I do not understand...]

"Who was it that ordered you be placed on Serris?" Unarin asks, turning his entire body to face her while leaning his butt against the table's side.

[...You did, First Founder.] Vulpanix answers, still somewhat confused.

"I did. And yet now you doubt my judgment." Unarin says with a long, laborious sigh. He exaggerates the motion, as if to punctuate his next words. "Do you think that _anything_ which has transpired... was beyond my ability to predict?"

[You... predicted that Hope Hiro would obliterate Serris?] Vulpanix asks, now falling into a state of morbid fascination. [But surely it was my failure which led to such a catastrophic result.]

Unarin doesn't immediately answer her. Instead, he presses his palms together and looks away, as if falling into thought.

"...do you know about the two types of strategy war-games, Vulpanix?"

The sudden pivot in topics forces her to sluggishly try and follow along with the First Founder's thought processes.

[There are... many types of war-games, First Founder. To which genre are you referring?]

"Oh, the genre doesn't matter. It is more about the 'style' of which they are constructed, as well as the types of people who gravitate toward them. Let me give an example."

Unarin waves his hands, and like magic, a projection of a complex war-sim materializes in midair, one with images of hundreds of battleships engaging in battle against an equally powerful armada.

[I have engaged other Psions in this war-game.] Vulpanix says. [It is the game of Multi-Armada Warfare.]

"That's right." Unarin says. "In this game, both players start with a roughly equal level of strength. They are forced to fight against one another fair and square, trying to outmaneuver the other through trickery, deception, and mindgames. But what about this other game?"

He waves his hand again, and this time, a much simpler looking 'game' appears, one that even Vulpanix needs a moment to recognize.

[Is that... a human game? I vaguely recognize it.]

"It is the game of 'Chess.'" Unarin states. "Oh, it is simplistic, by our standards. But make no mistake, it is just as complex as Multi-Armada Warfare, and contains a thousand different intricacies of its own. These sixteen pieces here face off against the opponent's sixteen pieces. Both sides are _exactly_ equal. But what is the key difference between these games?"

Vulpanix falls silent for several minutes. She easily picks out a thousand differences between both games, but none of them seem to be hitting a core point in Unarin's message.

[I... I am not entirely certain. Please enlighten me, First Founder. This Confessor is still shamefully ignorant and lacking in broadness of mind.]

"Well. I am being a little obtuse." Unarin says with a chuckle. "You see, the game of Chess is entirely deterministic. Both players have perfect information at their fingertips, outside of the thoughts in their opponent's heads. You can make predictions about your opponent, but at the same time, you can also see exactly where every piece falls. Meanwhile, in the game of Multi-Armada Warfare, there are tens of thousands of variables you are likely to miss. As much as the game is about skill and strategy, it is equally about luck and guesswork. What if your destroyer manages to score a lucky shot on one of your opponent's capital-class vessels? With a single shot, you could completely swing the way the game plays. Through no fault of his own, your opponent would lose."

Vulpanix falls silent, allowing the First Founder to continue.

"It is unfair in a way." Unarin says, waving his hand to disperse the holograms. "But so too is life. I very much enjoy playing the game of chess. It has many thrilling moments, especially against a highly skilled player. But to me, the greatest joy comes when I play a game like Multi-Armada Warfare and manage to prepare for all of the worst-case scenarios. It is mentally engaging to imagine ten thousand scenarios wherein I lose, yet prepare counters for all of them. Then, should catastrophe strike, I can remain immovable before my opponent."

He pauses to look at Vulpanix meaningfully.

"When I crushed the Old Leaders during the Age of Ignorance, I used this sort of strategy to the fullest effect. Many times, they believed they could assassinate me, or catch me off-guard, but I always came prepared. And simply by standing tall, I made them fall into despair. By remaining unshakable, I _obliterated_ their psyches. Eventually, they resigned our little 'game,' leaving me the ultimate victor. And so too shall these Wordsmiths ultimately lose to me."

[If I am understanding your words correctly...] Vulpanix says slowly, [you... did not intend for the Second Wordsmith to take Excalibur, but you have prepared for the event that he did.]

"Compared to defeating those old monsters during the Age of Ignorance, toying around and reading the thoughts of a few precocious mud-dwellers is truly nothing at all." Unarin says flippantly. "I wanted Hope to accept your offer. I placed you there because I needed someone who would be resolutely firm before the Wordsmith. Someone who would not back down, and who would show him that the Volgrim did not fear him."

[But... I did fear him.] Vulpanix says quietly. [I screamed pitifully at the sight of Solomon's Crown. I self-destructed. I ruined the prestige of your Empire.]

"Small details." Unarin says, brushing away her self-criticism. "Let me present you with a few scenarios. Tell me what the Volgrim Empire stands to gain in each one."

He pauses briefly, then continues to speak.

"Scenario one: The Wordsmith easily buckles to our demands. He accepts Excalibur, follows all of your demands, and begins spiritually engineering for us."

[Well, that's easy enough.] Vulpanix replies. [We gain... everything. All we lose is Excalibur.]

"Of course." Unarin replies. "Scenario two: The Wordsmith agrees to our demands. However, he also refuses to help us unless we give him all of the artifacts in the Vault. Have we suffered a loss?"

[We... did lose all of the artifacts.] Vulpanix says. [But his spiritual engineering would still benefit us greatly. It would be an equal trade.]

"Mmm. Scenario three: The Wordsmith lashes out and attacks you. However, you manage to defeat him through Excalibur and Cleansed Mud. We now have a Wordsmithing slave. What then?"

[That would be the best-case scenario.] Vulpanix answers. [We would lose nothing, but gain everything.]

"Indeed. And what of this? Scenario four..."

Unarin continues speaking. He fires off dozens of hypotheticals, each of them becoming progressively more and more dire for the Volgrim.

"Scenario forty-two..."

"Scenario fifty-six..."

"Scenario seventy-four..."

Vulpanix struggles mightily. But by the time he reaches the end, she has lost her ability to elucidate an answer regarding any benefits the Volgrim Empire might receive.

"Scenario seventy-five. The final one." Unarin says. "Hope Hiro kills you. He captures countless high-level Volgrim. He steals their knowledge through Solomon's Crown. He obliterates Serris, ruining eons of our hard work. Countless of our best and brightest, dead. Our top Technopaths, captured, enslaved, and mind-raped. Have we a single benefit to gain?"

Vulpanix's expression turns awful.

[...None that... I can see... First Founder.]

Unarin doesn't insult her, nor does he deride Vulpanix's mental abilities. Instead, he merely walks over and softly pats her shoulder.

"You are 100,000 years old, yet still young. You are powerful, yet little more than a pawn. You play chess, because you have not yet learned to appreciate the true bounty a game like Multi-Armada Warfare can offer. Ninety-nine point nine-nine-nine percent of all beings are like you. It is a shame, but that is the way reality works."

Unarin retracts his hand. He walks over to the table from before and casually picks up an art piece to play around with it.

"What sort of person is Hope Hiro?"

[Greedy to a fault.] Vulpanix immediately snaps. [Rude. Abrasive. Determined. Foolish.]

"Foolish." Unarin repeats. "Now that's an interesting term. What makes you think he is a fool?"

[We gave him a generous offer.] Vulpanix says. [But he rejected it for greed! He could have made friends with the Volgrim, but he chose to make us his enemy!]

"Mmm. Greedy, indeed." Unarin ponders. "Rude, certainly. Abrasive, I cannot speak from personal experience. But foolish? I think that's a step too far."

Unarin begins pacing around Vulpanix's hoverchair in circles while he speaks.

"A smart man wrings every last drop of value out of his products, his powers, his competitors, and his enemies. A mighty man does so without batting an eye. A king will even take glee in those antics. Hope has made countless gains, but he has suffered no losses. In my eyes, he is quite wise."

[How is making an enemy of you 'wise'?] Vulpanix asks.

"Do you really think the Volgrim are capable of punishing Hope Hiro?" Unarin asks. "Our battle lines are stretched. Our personnel are exhausted. Fatigue hangs at the edge of our every move. We're losing this war, Confessor. Now that Hope has obtained the divine blade, who can truly stop him? You? Me? Dosena? If he does not wish to be found, we will not find him. If he wishes to protect humanity, he can yank them off Tarus II through Excalibur's power. Any threats we make will only give him time to react. And if we actually do kill the humans on Tarus II, he will swiftly wipe us all out."

Unarin chuckles. Despite the dire words he just spoke, he appears quite comfortable with the situation.

"But if you think that the events at Serris gave the Volgrim no benefit, you are not thinking broadly enough. I have come to respect the Second Wordsmith. Despite descending from his original self, he has learned to listen to those smarter than him. His actions likely were made at the behest and urging on the Knowledge-Seeker, the Mind-Thief, Solomon. And a fool who pursues power blindly cannot be compared to a far-seeing lout who knows when to listen to the people smarter than him. Why, when I first rose up, I did not have all of the answers. It was my advisors and friends who gave me words to ponder that ultimately made me the Volgrim I am today."

"Perhaps Hope Hiro will become like me..." Unarin concludes. "A man who will do anything, give up anything, for the sake of his species."

The room falls quiet. Vulpanix stares at the First Founder in disbelief.

[You would actually praise the Second Wordsmith to this degree?]

"Reality is cruel and unfair sometimes." Unarin says. "It is... _chaotic_. Learning to navigate that _chaos_ in order to seek out its strength is what separates conquerors and kings. Hope Hiro will become someone great. It is too early for his rise, now, but someday he may even surpass the First Wordsmith. It would take a monumental shift in fortune for the First Wordsmith to catch up now..."

[Even so, I prefer the First Wordsmith's actions.] Vulpanix says. [At least he respects the Volgrim enough to negotiate and play nice.]

"Does he respect us?" Unarin asks. "I would not be so sure of that. He is simply seeking benefits, as are we."

Unarin pauses.

"Now that we've addressed your role in the Serris Situation," Unarin says, "let us discuss the fallout and how we will deal with it moving forward. You still yet have many important parts to play. Don't think you can skip out with an easy vacation."

[First Founder, I would never!] Vulpanix immediately protests. [My duty is to the Volgrim Empire! I will always-]

"That was a _joke_, Confessor." Unarin says with a chuckle. He leans toward her and smiles. "You may laugh at it, unfunny though it be."

Vulpanix swallows her words. She looks away sheepishly.

[...oh.]