Part 637: Ose's Bugs
Part 637: Ose's Bugs

January 24th, 2021. 9AM, New York City.

Three days had passed since the battle at the Illuminati Haven. Belial dispersed her team, sending everyone off their separate ways. However, while Lucifer returned to one of her Hell's secret bases in Northern California, Ose remained with Belial. The two of them donned human disguises and took a strangely normal trip back to the eastern side of the states by flying aboard a human airplane. A Boeing 747, ideal for inter-continental flights, took them all the way to their destination in a quarter of a day, but they had to spend a portion of time before that simply waiting for the departure time to arrive.

On the way into the terminal, Ose scoffed. "I don't know why you insist on using human transportation. Warpers will get us there much faster."

"I like observing humans." Belial said. "And also, I enjoy plane rides. They give me lots of time to think."

"There's nothing enjoyable about them." Ose complained. "Stuck in a cabin, humans around us everywhere. I only deal with humans when I have to."

"It wouldn't do for the humans to uncover Satan's whereabouts. We're fortunate he remains elusive to this day." Belial patiently explained. "Using Warpers always emits a faint but traceable energy signal. I've long suspected the humans have a way of following our movements when we use Warpers, so I'd rather only use them in emergencies. That's why I took a plane ride to the western side of the states in the first place."

"Fine. Whatever." Ose grunted. "Must be nice, being able to bend your body in any direction. Even a uncomfortable airplane ride is no problem for the likes of you."

Belial raised an eyebrow. "You... you know I bought first-class tickets, right?"

"Oh." Ose said.

After a moment she scowled.

"Shut up!"

...

Hours later, the plane arrived at LaGuardia Airport on the east side of NYC, and the two women departed without any luggage, casually grabbing a taxi to ride back to the Legion Headquarters.

When they stepped inside the cab, the male cab driver's eyes nearly popped out of his head. He had never seen a pair of such stunningly beautiful women in all his years! They weren't just attractive, but beautiful in an almost ethereal way.

He turned around and opened his mouth to greet them, but then Ose snapped her eyes to meet his, and the look she gave him nearly drained the soul from his body.

"Legion Building. Drive fast. Don't talk, or I'll _fucking kill you_. I am _not_ in the mood. Don't test me."

The man swallowed the words he was going to say. Her fiery temper excited him, but he also felt she absolutely would and could kill him without a second's thought, something he genuinely couldn't understand why he'd ever believe.

"Y-yes, ma'am." The cab driver mumbled, before sheepishly shifting the cab's gears and taking off.

Belial and Ose remained completely silent. They both crossed their arms and looked out the rear passenger windows nearest them, not opting to speak to one another in the presence of a human. The cab remained completely silent, save for the driver's watery swallowing sounds. He had never felt more awkward in his entire life.

_Just who the hell are these babes?_ The man wondered. _What I wouldn't give for one night with them..._

The cab finally came to a stop after forty-five minutes of driving in medium traffic. In truth, if Ose had used her powers, she could have transmitted her body to Legion HQ within three seconds, but that could have drawn attention, and the ever-cautious Belial _insisted_ on taking the slower, more proper channels.

_Oh well,_ Ose thought. _It's not like our lives are getting any shorter. Immortals have all the time in the world._

She was all too happy to step out of the cab, especially since the driver's body odor had assaulted her sensitive nostrils the entire way. Maybe later when Belial wasn't looking, Ose would hunt him in the dead of night and murder him just so he'd never be able to think those awful lurid thoughts she _knew_ he was thinking the entire drive. Human males were all such damned pigs!

After the cab drove away, Belial finally turned and spoke to her lesser peer.

"Be bold. Satan likes strong types. Male and female alike. He doesn't like wimpy or demure girls. Get on his good side, and he'll give you most of what you want."

Ose sneered. "He'll give me _everything_ I demand, don't you worry about that."

Belial nodded in a _not bad_ sort of way, puffing out her lower lip slightly. "Well alright then. Let's meet the Devil."

Ose had spoken to Satan a few times over the years, but as the First Emperor, it was never really in her prerogative to meet with him one-on-one. She had only ever exchanged a few words when traveling to see him alongside her mother. Lucifer was a powerful Demoness, and a longtime ally of his, if not an actual 'friend'. Ose, by contrast, was just some pretty white-haired demoness he only faintly recalled due to her mother. He knew she was the one demoness who was adept with human technology, but that simply didn't impress him since he thoroughly believed humans were a lesser species propped up by their Heroes and a few key technologies. They were otherwise weak, pathetic, and unimpressive.

Ose's eyes flashed with insight. She had conversed with Belial during the flight, carefully probing important bits of information regarding the First Emperor, and by now her plan had reached an 85% confidence threshold. There was room to make a terrible error, but she believed she could meet her goals, and maybe even surpass them, if she played her cards right.

Both women entered the lobby. A man at the entry desk perked up when he saw Belial.

"Miss Lily, so good to see you back. Shall I call ahead to let Mister Hercule know you've arrived?"

Belial smiled prettily at the man. "He already knows."

Indeed, Satan had sensed her unique demonic mana when her plane flew over the city, after she deliberately leaked a small portion of it out. This leak was so brief that it couldn't be used to ascertain her whereabouts, only her existence to those sensitive to such sensations.

Belial and Ose took the elevator. They arrived on the top floor, where the secondary secretary blinked in surprise before quickly standing up from Belial's desk.

"Lily! You're back. It's good to see you! I've made sure to keep Mister Hercule's arrangements in order during your work trip."

Belial smiled at her cute little coworker. Her succubus instincts flared up for a moment as she smelled some familiar pheromones on the women's high heels. It seemed Satan had a little fun while she was away.

"You can hold the fort down a while longer." Belial said without much interest. "I've brought a guest to meet the CEO."

She didn't bother introducing Ose to the two random human women. They didn't really matter, and Ose wouldn't have been interested. Plus, it was neither of the two lesser secretary's business anyway. They only existed to take care of Satan's needs when Belial left, _whatever_ those needs might be.

Poor dears. They had no idea they were merely fragile mortal toys, meant to be discarded once Satan tired of them. Belial almost felt some pity for them, but that feeling disappeared when she remembered the thousands of other human women Satan had gone through over the millennia. He might have his own animal needs, but he almost didn't value human women for anything but their bodies.

There were rare exceptions, of course, namely when it came to female Heroes or other noteworthy figures, but those were few and far between.

Belial pushed open the door to the office. She found 'Mark Hercule' sitting on a chair, playing a fiddle softly, seemingly lost in thought. When the door opened, he blinked a few times to clear his mental haze, then smiled at Belial as the door closed. "Lily! Glad to see you back. And this is...?"

Satan didn't recognize the woman standing beside his 'head secretary', and he wasn't certain if she was human or demon. But after a moment, he noticed the red ring on her finger, which Ose made no attempt to disguise.

Ose remained silent for a moment. "Hmm."

She turned her head from left to right, causing Satan to slightly frown. The fact she hadn't introduced herself was... odd. He couldn't remember the last time this had happened...

Suddenly, Ose's body flickered. She abruptly disappeared from the spot and zipped over to one of Satan's displays, where his trophy collection from his Martial Arts World Championships stood.

Before Satan could react, she smashed her fist into the glass, grabbed one of the trophies, and threw it onto the ground, breaking it into a hundred pieces!

"Wh-what the fuck?!" Satan roared, his eyes igniting with rage. "You!! What the HELL do you think-"

"Quiet." Ose said, directing a glare toward him. Her body flickered again, and in an instant, she was bent over, reaching into the debris to grab a tiny object even Satan could barely see with his superior demonic vision.

Ose flickered over to him, holding the object between her fingers.

"First Emperor Satan. Your office is bugged. And not just a little bugged. A _lot_ bugged."

Satan's fury shifted slightly. He was still clearly pissed about his broken trophy and was just about ready to throw his fiddle at this pompous bitch who dared wreak havoc in his office, but he held himself back.

"Bugged? The _fuck_ you mean, 'bugged'?" Satan snapped. "Ain't no bug I've ever seen!"

"I don't mean a literal bug, you imbecile." Ose said, not even flinching in the face of his rage. "I'm talking about human reconnaissance technology. They are watching you, listening to you, peeping in on every private moment that happens in this office."

Suddenly, Ose's eyes flashed with white light. She abruptly spread out her arms and sent surges of electricity all over the place, arcing towards shelves, power outlets on the walls, even obliterating several of the lights in the room. Luckily, the early morning sun kept the office well-lit, not that it would have mattered. Demons had incredible vision, even during the blackest of nights.

The sounds of shattering glass, exploding furniture, and other violent noises immediately drew the attention of the two secretaries outside, but luckily before they could activate the silent alarm, Belial knocked on the door thrice to indicate nothing was amiss. They could only begrudgingly wait to find out what all the ruckus was about... later.

Satan's rage turned to confusion. His mouth gaped open, as if he could not believe the audacity of this bitch. By now he knew she was a demon, that much was obvious, but he could not fathom what bimbo would be so stupid as to wreck his office and light a fire under his ass. Did she not realize her life was in jeopardy?!

Ose's eyes stopped glowing. She looked around the destroyed office with a hint of satisfaction. "Alright. I destroyed all of them. We're safe... for now."

"Safe?!" Satan yelled. "Oh I wouldn't be so sure of your safety, you fucking bitch! What's the meaning of all this? Lilia?!"

He turned his head to look at his wife, but Belial was just as baffled. What the hell was Ose doing? What was she THINKING?! Wasn't she here to lower her head, speak words that would achieve certain goals, and obtain what she wanted? She had just made a horrid impression on the leader of demonkind! If she didn't have a good explanation, she might lose her life today! Lucifer certainly wouldn't make it in time to save her.

"Don't look at _her_ you dolt." Ose retorted with a snarl. "I'm the one talking. Devils. What an imbecile. First Emperor my ass. You're outdated. You're feeding the humans all the information they could ever want. I may have even just saved your life, and you don't even know what I did."

At this point, Satan's rage had shifted from confusion to respect. He had to admit, it had been a long time since someone had the balls, or lack thereof, to speak to him in such a manner. And based on the aura this woman leaked, she wasn't even a Duke! She was only a Baron... but who was she?

He decided to ask. Instead of getting even madder, he became strangely calm. He assessed the woman with cold, ruthless eyes.

"Your name?"

"Ose, the Baron of Infiltration." She immediately replied. "Lucifer's adopted daughter."

Satan blinked. Yes, now that he thought about it...

"Lucy's little girl, huh? You think mommy's gonna protect you if I beat you to a bloody pulp? Or do you have some other assurance?"

Satan stood up, but his horns didn't even reach the top of her shoulders. Ose was much taller than him.

She didn't balk in the slightest at his threat. "So this is how you repay my gift? And after all the stories I'd heard of your wisdom and generosity. It seems those were nothing more than lies told to deceive the Grunts."

"Gift?" Satan asked, glancing around his destroyed office. "Little girl, I don't know what you're talkin' about, but killing a bunch of bugs don't impress me."

Ose resisted the urge to facepalm. It seemed he still didn't understand anything.

Slowly, deliberately, she held up the tiny black device in her fingers.

"Listen carefully, First Emperor. This is a 'bug'. Not a literal bug. A metaphorical one. It's human-based technology. This bug, specifically, is used to record audio within a wide band frequency. It can pick up any noise in this office within a certain distance, then transmit that noise to a location unknown."

She paused for half a breath.

"It's a human _spying_ device. Like what Seers use to scry the future. Do you understand now?"

Satan scoffed, but he looked at the tiny flat disc in her grasp with a more careful gaze. "Nuh-uh. No way. You think I'm stupid? That tiny little thing? _That_ can spy on me?"

"It can. And it did, until thirty seconds ago." Ose said, without batting an eye. "Let me guess. You think the humans don't know who you are. You think you're secure here, hidden away. You probably even think you've embedded yourself well into the human world. But you're wrong. They know who you are, and they've been _laughing_ at you. You're like an old man who doesn't have any idea what tomfoolery his grandchildren are up to, even as they cart him off to a retirement home."

The more Ose spoke, the more doubtful Satan became. He started to remember more and more about this girl. He heard stories that she was 'good with human tech stuff' from a few other demons, but that didn't offer him any concrete value until this very moment. Now, Satan suddenly realized he was woefully underprepared for whatever the humans might be cooking up. He thought back to a lot of private conversations he'd had, conversations about secret missions he'd planned that later went awry. He had always thought it was suspicious that the humans got wind of those plans so easily... but _now_?

"Those... those bastards." Satan muttered, his tone much softer than before. "They've really been spying on me? You mean it?"

Ose's body flickered. She zipped around the office at a dizzying pace, leaving Satan's vision spinning. He was secretly shocked by her speed. Only a Baron, but already this incredible? She was a real talent! An absolute gem!

She appeared before the Devil a few moments later, opening her hands to let more than fifty tiny black plastic objects fall through her fingers and clatter to the ground.

"Take a look for yourself." Ose said.

Satan's Vectors snapped downward. They passed through the floor, scooped up the plastic doodads, and became corporeal as they brought them up to his eye-level. Satan carefully picked one up and looked at it, but to him, it just looked like a tiny marble.

"...You're _sure_?" Satan asked doubtfully.

Ose nodded. Her expression turned grave. She picked out one item at random, then carefully opened it up with her fingernails. Just like that, its tiny internal circuits became visible.

"This is a camera. It can record video, albeit at a low quality, and transmit it to a remote location. If I had to wager a guess, I'd bet someone close to you planted it when you weren't in the office."

She paused, then cocked her head.

"Do you have any maid services? Cleaners?"

Satan shrugged. "Sure, a few of 'em."

"They're the most likely suspects. Anytime you've ever left someone alone in the office, they could have planted a bug too. You should assume this entire building is bugged to keep an eye on you wherever you go."

Satan finally sobered up. He raised his head to meet the woman's eyes, a woman who exposed something he'd never have guessed due to his ignorance regarding human technology.

"Ose, huh? Lucy's little girl?"

Ose touched her red ring, revealing her true form. She bowed her head slightly to show respect, but not deference. "That's right, First Emperor. And I've come today to speak to you about a very important matter."

Satan nodded. He no longer looked at her as if she were a weakling Baron, but a potential powerhouse! The conspiracy she had just unraveled made her equally as important in his eyes as some of the lesser Emperors he didn't think too highly of, and perhaps even Emperors better than them.

"You have my full and undivided attention." Satan said, crossing his arms.

---

Some time later, Ose finished explaining the events that occurred at the Illuminati Haven. Belial had sat down in a chair and discarded her human disguise, only nodding and occasionally chiming in to validate Ose's words, but otherwise keeping silent. She found herself continually impressed by Ose's clear-headed manner of speech, as well as her ability to describe situations with great eloquence.

"Two Trueborn Heroes." Satan said, after hearing Ose's full explanation. "One of them has super fast reaction speeds, planetary-teleportation capabilities, pinpoint-perfect aim, and a gun that shoots bullets capable of ripping right through Lilia's flesh. The other is a bit bratty, but his Dream Eating power means he'll become a fearsome foe in the future. That about it?"

"They also are being empowered, possibly by an Ancestor Hero." Ose added. "Jason's body was far too durable. I was unable to cause severe damage to him with my current strength. I lost my chance to assassinate him on the spot."

"That's a shame." Satan said, as he looked away and stroked his goatee. "That's a _damn_ shame."

He turned and walked away, heading to the window while wading around destroyed pieces of furniture strewn about his office. By now, he had completely lost interest in his destroyed trophies and other knick-knacks. Today's news was far too important for him to ignore.

"See, here's the thing, toots." Satan began. "I ain't afraid of humans killing me. It ain't possible. It simply ain't. You don't know me well, but trust me. If Arthur couldn't do it, _nobody_ could. Not even a pair of powerful Trueborn like Cat Mask and the Archseer."

Ose remained silent, and Satan continued to speak.

"These humans ain't a threat to _me_, specifically, but they are a threat to other demons. And that's where the problems begin. I can't ignore this. Can't keep quiet."

Satan looked at her with deep meaning.

"You don't gotta say it. I know what you want. You want to become an Emperor."

Ose's body twitched. She was surprised to hear him state it so simply, but considering the shocks she had given him, this was nothing by comparison. She simply nodded.

"You will give me the power of an Emperor." Ose said, not bothering to phrase it as a question. "Demonkind's future depends on it. The Archseer listed me and my brother as high-value targets. I don't know why Gressil is so important to kill, but I can certainly understand why I am. My knowledge of humanity's technology means I can be a balance-tipping point in the upcoming war. You would be a fool to ignore this."

Satan looked at Ose. He chuckled softly under his breath.

Seriously, how long had it been since someone dared to speak to him in such a manner, let alone a weak little Baron girl? In his eyes, she was barely out of diapers. Not even close to a millennia old, yet she spoke to this 10,000 year old monster as if she were his equal, or even his superior!

But Satan didn't hold it against her. She had the ability to do so. As the First Emperor of Demonkind, the only trait he valued in subordinates was competence. She had demonstrated her capabilities by rooting out the human 'bugs' and showed him why so many missions had failed in recent years. He would have remained completely oblivious to this threat for devils knew how long, perhaps until it led to the death of his entire species!

_She has her mother's ego._ Satan thought to himself. _But unlike Lucy, Ose is actually smart._

He smiled.

_I like her._

"Alright, toots. I'll play it straight with you." Satan said, turning to fully face her. "Usually I like to play games, test people before I make them a Duke, and especially before I make 'em an Emperor. But not this time."

His smile disappeared.

"The stakes are too high. I'll personally escort you to Hellga. She keeps the soul pills. We might _barely_ have enough to boost you. Unfortunately, aquiring enough human souls to uplift an Emperor ain't easy these days. But who knows... maybe it'll become a lot easier in due time."

Satan frowned. He suddenly remembered he'd spoken about his secret plans regarding the _Labyrinth_ project in this very room on more than one occasion. The humans were likely to know about it.

"Damn. Motherfucking humans." Satan hissed, before lightly pounding the side of his fist on his mahogany desk. He looked at Ose with a flash of insight. "Say, any shot you'd be able to find out who planted these buggers?"

Ose shrugged helplessly. "I am only a Baron. My powers are not at that level yet. Perhaps, once I am an Emperor, I will obtain such a capability."

Satan's smile returned in full force. _Ah, finally, a lie. Almost could've fooled me with that line before. Hehe, but it's okay. I don't mind a subordinate with ambition, especially if she's got brains._

He gestured at Ose's ring. "C'mon, let's get a move on. Lilia, you stay here and make sure nobody enters. I don't want any of those damn buggers gettin' back in here again."

Belial waved her hand. "Sure. I'm pretty tired from the flight anyway. I'll take a nap until you return."

"Hehe, love ya, toots." Satan said, as Ose reverted to her human form and the two of them walked out of the office together.

The timeline of the Energy Wars had already begun to change in a drastic way...