Part 652: Beelzebub's Bluff
Part 652: Beelzebub's Bluff

_Far-Future Era. Day 3, AJR. The world of Sharmur._

Beelzebub and Kiari traveled into Sharmur's capital city, which was also the only city where any Sentients had assembled. In the past, before the Kolvaxians attacked, hundreds of millions of demons and a few million humans had lived spread across the planet, but now only a comparatively tiny number lived here.

Following the rebirth of the planet, the capital city had been renamed to Melodia, after their planet's highest protector. Located nearest the Great Temple where the planet's sole Warpgate was located, Melodia had only existed for two days, but already it had become a hubbub of activity.

Humans and demons swarmed over the city. Melodia had only fallen for a short period of time after the Kolvaxians took over, yet it and every other city had become overgrown with new trees, vines, and other foliage swallowing the buildings whole. Many parts of Sharmur that were once barren and lifeless deserts had already started turning into lush gardens, and locations that had a decent amount of greenery turned into veritable jungles. As for the areas which were already dense, those became far thicker and taller than any others.

It was clear to anyone with half a brain that the Kolvaxian takeover had stimulated the life energy of the planet, causing its foliage to explode in density. 

Beelzebub and Kiari took their time. They weren't in a big rush. They wandered through the streets, looking at various humans and demons working alongside monsters to clear out buildings along the main dirt road.

"We've already looked in so many places." Kiari said anxiously. "What... what if Saul isn't inside the Hall of Heroes? What if he...?"

Beelzebub pursed his lips. "There's a very real likelihood... well... you should prepare yourself. It's awful to imagine, but different lives are valued differently by the higher-ups."

Kiari's stomach knotted together. She massaged her nascent womb, still not entirely sure how to feel about the fact that, as a demon, she had become pregnant. She had never anticipated this happening, and it was only a happy coincidence. But now, her husband might be gone. She wasn't ready for the heartache.

"Humans are... so fragile." Beelzebub mused. "Their lives are fleeting. They live for a while, and then they die. Not like demons, angels, or many monsters. They accomplish incredible things... then they're gone."

"But humans can become immortal now." Kiari said. "With the Bodily Rejuvenation Depot, humans can return to their youth infinitely."

"Could." Beelzebub gently corrected. "They _could_. But Jason Hiro is gone. He only made one of those. It was on Tarus II."

"So they can't anymore." Kiari said quietly. "Then... our human friends... they're all going to die again?"

"Eventually." Beelzebub said with a nod. "But you never know. Maybe there's still a way those Rejuvenation Depots can return. Or maybe we can make humans like Benjamin Brown flourish. He's immortal because of the robot... stuff... in his body. I don't know. Maybe the humans can reinvent that technology..."

Beelzebub had no idea how anything inside Benjamin Brown's body worked, but the fact that he was made ageless during an era far before the Wordsmith meant it might be possible for the humans to replicate his feat. Unfortunately, solving age weasn't nearly as important to the humans now as surviving past the end of the year.

Their technology was still primitive. Their armies immature. Their numbers pitiful.

Humanity had lost nearly all their champions. Both Wordsmiths were dead. The future seemed pitch-black. Many people assumed they were going to perish before their children made it to adulthood. This state of affairs left them in a tragic mindset.

The two Emperors strode through the city and headed toward Debra's house, somewhere on the east side. The city itself was constructed alongside two rivers that met in an 'X' shape. The rivers flowed into and through one another, splitting Melodia into four distinct quadrants. Bridges crossed the rivers at several points, but in the past the city had naturally settled into split demographics, with humans taking up much of the eastern one. It seemed Melody looked to replicate some of that, though right now the humans outnumbered their demon peers two to one, so they had opted to live in the south and east sides.

As the two walked, a voice suddenly called out to them, as they neared one of the bridges crossing into the east side of Melodia.

"Beelzebub!"

The demon in question turned and glanced at the one who had shouted. He smiled.

"Oh, Orias. Hm? You're still a Baron?"

Orias, Baron of the Stars, strode over and clapped Beelzebub on the back. His status as Emperor didn't seem to affect the warmth in Orias's smile at all.

"_Only_ a Baron? That's what you meant, right? Well, some of us aren't living up on Cloud Nine. Don't forget your roots, kid."

In the past, Beelzebub and Orias had spoken on several occasions. They were not best friends or anything, but Orias and Beelzebub's former Master, Agares, could be said to be rather close. They had certainly known each other since the Ancient Era.

Beelzebub scratched his chin and looked away. "Sorry, that wasn't what I meant to imply. Rather, I thought with your connections, you'd had swallowed a couple of those miracle pills and become an Emperor by now."

Orias's smile dimmed. "Those tainted dregs made by that madman, Glinch? I still have standards."

He looked at Kiari. "Oh! And if it isn't the cute little Emperor of Pestilence herself. Helping with the construction efforts?"

Kiari softly shook her head. "I'm... trying to find my husband. Saul. We were together on Tarus II when it... but then I was teleported off-world, and he didn't come with me. I'm at my wit's end..."

Orias's expression turned grave. "That... I'm sorry to hear that, Kiari. So, he's-?"

Kiari's body stiffened. "No, definitely not. We haven't confirmed anything yet. We suspect Solomon might have rescued Saul and taken him to Hope's special area, the Hall of Heroes. He was Saul's uncle, after all."

Orias tried to smile reassuringly, but the effort felt forced. "I see. I'm sure you'll find him there, then."

Beelzebub looked between the two of them, then cleared his throat so he could change the subject. "Orias, heard any interesting gossip from the demon leaders?"

"Nothing as of yet." Orias said, equally glad not to dwell on such a heavy topic. "Last I heard, they were secretly debating whether or not to support humanity."

Beelzebub scoffed. "Support them? Those bastards shoved humanity out of the Core as quickly as they could! What support?!"

"Apparently their tune has changed." Orias said. He looked around, then quickly dragged Beelzebub and Kiari off to the side, further away from the bridge. He lowered his voice. "Have you heard about what happened to the Volgrim?"

Beelzebub's eyes narrowed to slits. "Oh? Something _happened_ to them? I would be very interested in good news right about now."

Orias nodded. He quickly summarized the 'current ongoing' situation with a traitor among the Psions. It had already become public knowledge that countless Psions had abruptly perished across the galaxy. This news startled Kiari and shook Beelzebub to his core.

"Just like that?" Beelzebub asked. "The Psions are dead?"

"There are still some scattered survivors." Orias replied. "I spoke to a few different Seers. Some of the Psions were apparently immune to Demila's rampaging. Don't ask me why; I have no idea. But the vast, vast majority have fallen. Even Executor Nufaris."

"Nufaris too?!" Beelzebub exclaimed. His eyes turned feral. "That bastard! I nearly killed him myself, but he managed to evade me with the Second Founder in tow! Now you're telling me he's dead?!"

Orias looked Beelzebub up and down. "So it's true, then. I heard you experienced an Uplifting. But... I don't sense any Cosmic Energy from you. Are you... still a Demon Deity?"

Beelzebub blinked. He crossed his arms and slightly turned away. "I am only a Demon Emperor, once again."

"Ah... I see. I'm sorry to hear that." Orias said. "Well, to answer your question, he's dead for sure. Apparently some incident happened. Mephisto reappeared and wreaked havoc on Volgarius. He killed trillions of Volgrim, then Nufaris sacrificed himself to kill Mephisto. I don't know the details, only what the Seers told me."

"Mephisto... that evil villain." Kiari muttered. "But... isn't this terrible news? The Volgrim were the bulwark against the Plague. Without them, aren't we all in dire straits?"

"You hit the nail on the head." Orias said with a slow nod. "That's why the Demon Deities are thinking of collaborating with the humans."

Kiari's expression darkened. "I think I get it. They don't have Diablo anymore, so they're hoping the humans find a way to counter the Plague. Those shameless leeches! First they bully us, then they beg us for our favor?!"

"The Demon Deities haven't been that bad to the humans." Beelzebub interjected. "They jumped in to help fight off the Kolvaxors during the Battle on Maiura."

"Well, great!" Kiari said sarcastically. "One good deed undoes a hundred bad ones! You know just as well as I do that the Demon Deities have been plotting to wipe the humans out. But now that the Psions are gone, look how quickly they change their tune!"

Beelzebub scratched his chin. Kiari had a point, and he couldn't refute it.

The three of them talked a little while longer. Eventually, Orias bowed his head.

"It has been good catching up with you two, but I have matters to which I must attend."

"You've got stuff going on?" Beelzebub joked. "I thought all you did was dig for gems."

"I have plenty of those for now." Orias replied. "Recently, I have been... contemplating a great many matters. The disappearance of the Wordsmiths, the instability of the universe. Things are becoming _chaotic_, and the threads of karma which bind us grow ever more tenuous. But I feel that soon... in not too distant a future... humanity is bound to experience a shocking upswing in fortune."

"I do hope that makes you feel better." Beelzebub said, sticking his hands in his suit-pants' pockets. "But... it sounds like mumbo-jumbo to me."

"Hehehe... karma and chaos are intertwined." Orias said mysteriously. "Today's atrocities can become tomorrow's guiding lights. As we speak, powerful forces are rallying to move their pieces around the board. You would do well to focus on reacquiring that power which you've lost."

"I'll worry about it when it's important." Beelzebub replied with a shrug. "I've already tasted the power of a Middle Cosmic. When the time is right, I'm sure I'll experience it again."

Orias smiled. "On that subject, we both agree."

The demons bade each other farewell, and Orias strode off.

After he left, Kiari gave Beelzebub a curious look. "So you're really _really_ not a Demon Deity anymore?"

Beelzebub smirked. "For now. But don't worry about it. Humanity can still count on me."

...

Ten minutes later, they arrived before a humble house built in the center of East Melodia. Lots of people bustled about, and the other residences were crowded together, built densely with three floors each. After looking at the nameplate on the door, Beelzebub spotted two blank rooms that hadn't been inhabited yet, and one with Debra's name on it.

He knocked loudly on the door, but modulated his energy so that it wouldn't come off as aggressive.

Eventually, the door opened, and a blonde woman wearing thick black glasses opened it up to look at him in surprise.

"I... Beelzebub? Kiari?"

"Hi, Debra!" Kiari said with a cheerful wave. "Um, sorry to bother you out of the blue..."

"No, no it's fine." Debra said. "Can I help you with anything?"

She opened the door a little wider and exited onto the front steps. Beelzebub immediately noticed that Debra's eyes looked tired, as if she hadn't experienced good sleep in several days. Considering the man she served, Neil, had been killed by the Kolvaxians, and Hope had fallen right afterward, he imagined she must be experiencing depression and fatigue.

"We, um, we wanted to check on you..." Kiari said hesitantly. "And also ask you for a favor. But if you can't, it's- it's fine..."

"Not many people talk to me these days." Debra said, forcing a weak smile. "I sometimes offer to help Linda with various things, but she often rejects me. She says I should take some time off."

Debra's shoulders sagged. "And then there's the matter of my sister disappearing."

"Your sister?" Beelzebub asked.

"You wouldn't know her. Her name was Annette... and due to some circumstances, she ended up with Hope Hiro. Various things happened. After his death, she apparently vanished from the Hall of Heroes. Nobody knows where she's gone."

"I'm sorry to hear that..." Kiari said quietly. "Though, speaking of the Hall of Heroes, that's what I wanted to talk to you about."

She quickly explained her wishes, and Debra listened silently.

"I'm not exactly 'in' with the current leadership anymore." Debra said. "But I can speak to Henry. If I don't mention you two, I'm sure he'd check in at the Hall of Heroes to see if Saul is there."

"C-could you please?" Kiari asked, her voice jumping an octave. "I would greatly appreciate it."

Debra's eyes softened. "You lost your husband. So did Linda. A lot of spouses have died. This is the least I can do."

After confirming that she would ask Henry the very next day, Debra offered for the two demons to come inside, but they shook their heads.

"We really can't put you out like that." Beelzebub said. "I also have some stuff to deal with."

"Me as well." Kiari said. "I feel guilty that I haven't been using my bugs to help rebuild."

"Well, alright then. How should I contact you once I have news?" Debra asked Kiari.

Kiari gestured in all directions. "If you see one of my big bugs doing something, just go near it and call out my name. I'll know."

"Alright. We'll do it like that then." Debra said. "See you two later..."

She closed the door, then Beelzebub and Kiari walked away.

"I have someone I need to see." Beelzebub said after a few moments of quiet. "Let me know how things go later, Kiari."

Kiari nodded. She looked at Beelzebub with sparkling eyes. "Thank... thank you for being there for me, Beelzebub. You're a good person."

"Hardly." Beelzebub retorted gruffly, but his voice softened a little when he met Kiari's gaze. After a moment, he coughed and looked away. "Take care."

Flames ignited under Beelzebub's feet. He rocketed up into the air and left Kiari behind, taking to Sharmur's skies.

...

At the moment Beelzebub became a burning light in the sky, he drew a lot of attention. A pair of ethereal figures immediately noticed him. They turned and stopped, looking up into the sky with surprise.

"Isn't that Beelzebub?" Demon Deity Yardrat asked, his Astral Form having arrived on Sharmur only half an hour before.

"It certainly looks to be him." Demon Deity Kristoff replied. "But... he doesn't have the aura of a Middle Cosmic."

"How is that possible?" Yardrat asked. "One does not simply stop living life as a Demon Deity."

Kristoff frowned. He looked at the ground and rubbed his chin.

"This matter cannot be simple. If Beelzebub is not actually a Demon Deity anymore, than much of our wariness toward humanity is unwarranted. We can still boss them around a bit. Melody alone is not enough to incite our worries."

"Whoa, whoa. Don't be too hasty." Yardrat interjected, raising both his palms. "Beelzebub might only be hiding his aura."

"Is such a thing possible?" Kristoff asked.

Both men paused. They massaged their foreheads, then hemmed and hawed.

"I've never heard of a Demon Deity hiding their aura, but it should be possible..." Yardrat finally said, though his tone was anything but certain. "Why would they not want to broadcast their power?"

Kristoff shrugged. "Beelzebub is rather arrogant. Him hiding his power seems unlikely. It's simply not his style. He probably has reverted back to only being an ordinary Emperor."

"Are you willing to gamble our future on that?!" Yardrat snapped. "If there's even a ten percent chance..."

"Mmm. We should talk to Auger first." Kristoff replied. "We were supposed to come here and inform the human leader, Commander Hurent, of our new plans. But those plans were based on Beelzebub being a threat. If he's not, we definitely, definitely can't rush into any decisions."

After another minute or two of thinking, both Yardrat and Kristoff's forms made a decision. They flew into the air and raced toward Beelzebub at speeds his flaming body could not compare. Naturally, Beelzebub sensed their approach, slowed down in midair, and turned to face the pair of powerful ghostly apparitions.

"Yardrat. Kristoff." Beelzebub said, levitating in the air through flames from his feet. He crossed his arms and assumed his typical domineering stance, not even bothering to use their proper demon titles as a junior peer should. "Need something?"

The two Demon Deities stopped a short distance away. They quickly assessed him from this close distance, but their scans showed that he didn't have a lick of Cosmic Energy inside him.

"Beelzebub... you're an ordinary Demon Emperor now?" Kristoff asked. "I thought you were a Middle Cosmic?"

Beelzebub sneered. "Middle Cosmic? Oh, that. Yes, I temporarily empowered myself to such a level. But it's gone now. I'm back to being an Emperor."

Kristoff was about to sigh in relief, when Beelzebub confidently leered toward him.

"But you're wrong about one thing, Kristoff. You're not dealing with an _ordinary_ Demon Emperor."

"What? What does that mean?" Kristoff asked.

Beelzebub didn't explain. He simply retracted his gaze and sneered at the two of them as if they were idiots.

"I nearly had the Second Founder in my grasp." Beelzebub instead said. "Next time, I'll kill her... and anyone else who threatens humanity. You can take that to your graves."

Before the two esteemed Demon Deities could retort, Beelzebub ignited flames hotter than before and raced off across the horizon, leaving them gawking.

"So... he... confirmed it?" Kristoff asked, unsure. "He's not a Cosmic anymore?"

"Imbecile!" Yardrat snapped.

Kristoff turned to look at Yardrat, seeing beads of sweat on his Astral face.

"That was a warning to us!" Yardrat hissed. "I knew it. He's feigning his weakness after all! Why is he pretending to not be a Cosmic anymore? And that bit about not being an 'ordinary' Demon Emperor? It was clearly a naked threat. He must have discovered a method to rise from Mortal to Cosmic and back down at will. That's the best explanation!"

"He seemed like he was only a mortal to me." Kristoff said doubtfully. "I think you're reading between the lines too much."

"Didn't you see the way he treated us so arrogantly?" Yardrat explained. "He didn't put us in his eyes at all! If he really only possessed the power of a mortal, then why would he act so domineeringly in front of genuine Cosmics? It's because he doesn't fear us even a little bit. And that would only be because he hasn't lost his power. He was practically goading us to attack him so we'd get egg on our faces."

"To throw us off our game." Kristoff said, acknowledging Yardrat's words with a nod. "It still seems a little far-fetched, but I see the logic. If we think humanity is weak, we might blunder in and reveal our own weaknesses, allowing him to strike us and deal a grievous blow. It's a good thing you saw through his ploy."

"Let's proceed as we originally planned." Yardrat said, feeling slightly relieved.

The two of them descended from the clouds, heading toward humanity's makeshift new headquarters inside the heart of South Melodia.

Beelzebub was clearly still a threat, but for some unknown reason wanted to play like a harmless kitten hiding in the grass.

They would not let themselves be fooled by his feigned weakness!

And so, unknowingly, these powerful Demon Deities played themselves, with Beelzebub having no idea about the depths of their misunderstanding...