Rosalia and Beelzebub stomped down the corridors of the Labyrinth, their footsteps echoing far into the distance. The flame in Beelzebub's hand burned hotter than usual, a result of his rising anger. Judging by the water dripping from the ceiling, he must have been close to one of the aquatic areas. He despised water more than anything, given how it stood opposite to fire, but for once, it had little to do with his agitation.

"I'm sure the Dukes didn't mean anything by it, Mister Beelzebub," Rosalia said, as she trotted along beside him. Perhaps in an attempt to anger him, she deliberately splashed in every puddle she saw. Beelzebub was on the verge of furiously charring her body to a crisp. "The Emperors and Dukes probably-"

"Don't you dare make excuses for them," Beelzebub hissed. The sound of skeleton feet clinking behind them and orcs stomping along made him acutely aware of his environment. He could not lash out in anger, lest they think less of him. "Agares is dead. I didn't get to kill him and take his place, and even with Barbatos out of commission, they _dare_ say I don't have the qualifications to become a Baron. Outrageous!"

Rosalia fumbled around, poking her fingers together. "You said you contributed greatly to the fight with the Black Queen. Maybe they forgot?"

Beelzebub's gut clenched. _I was useless in the fight. I know I was outmatched, but all the Dukes would have to do is give me a few hundred human souls, and I could have handled the wench. She wasn't anything special._ Beelzebub thought. _Cheh. The so-called Overlords blew up the planet after sealing the Black Queen there. She's dead, or so they say. Does the Council know that for a fact, or are they guessing? I bet she's still alive. All I have is a hunch to go on, but I can't see her losing so spectacularly, not after revealing her secret weapon._ Beelzebub thought.

"The Dukes and Emperors haven't forgotten. They simply don't think I'm worthy. I'll show them."

Adjusting his suit with his free hand, Beelzebub expanded the fireball in his palm a little more, then lobbed it down the corridor to light the path up. The flame hit a patch of water and evaporated it, fizzling out a moment later. He quickly lit another one and grumbled silently.

Beelzebub knew what was going on in the Core. The monsters had found a group of humans with advanced weaponry, and they were taking over the warp-gates. Monsters thought they could stand up to demons, but they were worthless. If he took back the Core, he would prove his worthiness to become a Baron. The Council would have to acknowledge his power.

Fire was a symbol of demonic purity. Human myths once imagined Hell as a place of fire and brimstone. By controlling the element most closely associated with their kind, he put himself on a pedestal above his peers. 

_I deserve my position. I'm not like the rest of the rabble._ Beelzebub thought.

Rosalia and Beelzebub continued to pace down the halls of the Labyrinth, the sound of orcs grumbling to each other at their backs, when she turned to look at him. "Do you miss your teacher? Agares, I mean."

The flame in Beelzebub's palm intensified. "Of course not. Agares was a stupid old lizard who never stopped speaking in riddles and platitudes. However, I cannot forgive the Black Queen for slaying him. That was _my_ job. I'd sooner-"

Beelzebub paused mid-sentence and held his hand out as movement in the distance caught his eye. "Hold. I saw something."

His ability to sense heat and warmth was unparalleled. A figure moved up ahead and ducked behind a corner, but he doubted it was a demon or a monster. They would have had no reason to hide.

"I don't see anything, Mister Beelzebub." Rosalia started to take a step forward, but Beelzebub quickly pulled her back.

"Idiot. I did. Your eyes haven't half the acuteness mine do. Stay here."

Quietly, Beelzebub sneaked forward, igniting the fire in his palm with more gusto before flinging it at the distant wall. "Show yourself!"

The flame exploded, and for a brief instant, Beelzebub caught sight of a robed figure illuminated by the fireball, but it pulled away and hid as the light disappeared.

A chill went down Beelzebub's spine as a head peeked around the corner, one with two pure white glowing eyes.

"You weren't supposed to see me."

The voice was masculine. Young, perhaps an evolved demon? No. Demons did not hide from others of their kind. He was much too tall to be an imp playing tricks.

_Is he a spy?! Perhaps one of those monsters from the Core is trying to sneak around. But what type? Those glowing eyes are unlike any I've seen before. Hydra eyes can sometimes glow, as can the basilisks, but his humanoid face reveals he isn't one of them._ Beelzebub thought.

"Step out of the darkness. If you don't, I'll turn you into ash."

The male slowly rose to a standing position. He was even taller than Beelzebub had first thought, perhaps seven feet in total. He walked around the corner, and Beelzebub quickly illuminated the area with another flame in his hand. Robes covered his entire body, and all Beelzebub could see of him were the glowing eyes under his cowl. A massive bulge on his back made Beelzebub wonder if he was suffering from a body deformity.

_Wait! Those eyes, they remind me of Barbatos! That's right! The Duke of Steel has glowing red eyes, unique even among demons. Is this person one of his servants?_ Beelzebub thought. _Unlikely. Barbatos is a quiet individual. I heard that he never speaks to anyone, and he barely interacts with his section of the Labyrinth. He has a few of the Lords in the area handle most of the business there._ Beelzebub thought.

The stranger took a step toward Beelzebub. "I need to pass. Move, and I won't hurt you."

_What?! He dares threaten me? The bastard. Of all the days for someone to slight me... I won't let him off the hook now._ Beelzebub thought.

"You're a fool. A simple apology would have saved you, but I'm in a terrible mood. Orcs, gut him."

The orcs, half-asleep behind Beelzebub, snorted audibly and woke up, realizing he was referring to them. Beelzebub stepped to the side and allowed ten of them to rush past him, fan-out, and block the intruder from squeezing through.

"Man-filth! Smells like hooman to me!" One of the orcs bellowed.

The stranger's eyes were not like any human Beelzebub had ever seen. Still, Orcs had an uncanny sense of smell. If they said he was human, then...

"Please, I don't want to hurt you if I don't have to."

The stranger pleaded for his miserable life again. However, something about his voice caught Beelzebub's attention. He had heard it before. He could not recall where from, but it was recent. It had a distinct whine to it, as though it belonged to a spoiled brat.

"Attack!" The monsters charged at him with their swords and axes raised high.

What happened next made Beelzebub's heart stop. Without moving, the stranger closed his glowing eyes, and all of the orcs lifted a foot into the air, then violently smashed on the ground. Not once, but three times. _WHAM! WHAM! WHAM!_

Orcs were far more durable than the average monster, but not even they could withstand the Labyrinth-rattling force of the stranger's telekinesis. The orcs slumped to the ground in defeat, and Beelzebub gawked as the glowing-eyed 'human' opened his eyes.

"I told you to stay back. I've only knocked these fellows unconscious. Let me pass, and nobody else has to get hurt."

"The Hell I will!" Beelzebub's left-hand raised and formed another ball of fire in its palm. "You brazen little shit. I don't know who you are, but I'll find out when I peel the scorched flesh off your bones!"

The man sighed. "Ugh. I knew sneaking around wouldn't be easy. I'll try to be gentle."

_C'mon, Beelzebub, don't waste another word on this maggot._ Beelzebub thought.

Quickly, Beelzebub slapped the fireballs in his palms together and spun them around rapidly, building up a scorching ball of flame. Its heat hammered his body, warming his blood as it reached a thousand degrees. Before the stranger could evaluate its properties, Beelzebub hurled the infernal orb at him, and it sailed forty feet down the hall until it exploded and swallowed the fool alive!

The flame smashed into the unconscious orcs and incinerated their bodies, killing them all instantly. It briefly lit up the room, and Beelzebub caught a glimpse of the human's cloak down that side hallway once more. 

_The bastard! He hid from my attack! Coward!_ Beelzebub thought.

After the flames subsided, the man stepped back out. "What the hell?! Those Orcs were your servants! You killed them! How could you do that?"

"A demon cares little for the lives of worms," Beelzebub replied. "Who are you? Why do your eyes glow?"

"It's a long story," The man replied. "It involves a lot of alcohol and a party trick gone wrong. I knew I shouldn't have swallowed that disco ball."

"Aren't you the clown," Beelzebub muttered. "I'm intrigued by your sudden appearance. After I kill you, I'll continue to the Labyrinth Core to slay the monsters who have defied the Dukes. It'd be a shame if any of them were your friends."

"You can try, Beelzebub."

Beelzebub raised an eyebrow. "Oh? How do you know my name?"

"I know all sorts of things," the bastard replied, noncommittally.

"Tell me yours, rat. I don't extend the privilege to any random insect I face, but you intrigue me."

"Oh, how polite of you," The human muttered. "I'm Jason, but you can call me Jason. First name Jason, last name Jason."

"Are you mocking me?"

The human blinked. "I'd never dream of it. Now, let me pass. I'm in a bit of a rush."

The fire in Beelzebub's palms increased in intensity. "Sounds like you have a _hot_ date."

Jason narrowed his eyes. "I have no interest in fighting you. My target is Amelia."

Beelzebub's body froze. _Amelia? What? Why would he be after the Black Queen? Who the devil is this human?_ Beelzebub thought.

"You're after the Black Queen, hmm? I have bad news for you, vermin. She's dead. The Overlords destroyed her planet."

"She isn't," Jason replied calmly. "Amelia survived, and now she's on a different world, devouring all its life. I've spent many weeks preparing to fight her, but for every minute I waste, she grows ever more powerful. I'll have to face her sooner rather than later if I hope to win."

Beelzebub's heart pounded like a war drum in his chest. _The Black Queen is alive after all? I... I wasn't wrong! The Council doesn't know, yet!_ Beelzebub thought.

Beelzebub calmed himself down. "Impossible. How can you be so confident? Every report states that she was trapped on that dead rock when the Overlords destroyed it. How can you know what our greatest Oracles don't?"

Jason crossed his arms. "I have my ways. Now, are you going to let me pass, or will I have to make you kill more of those grunts behind you?"

"You'll regret mocking me, insect," Beelzebub whispered.

Slowly, deliberately, Beelzebub reached up and unclasped his jacket, one button at a time. Then, he peeled it off and held it in the air. "Rosalia, take this and fold it. _Neatly._"

She nodded and rushed forward, gently taking it from his grasp.

Beelzebub's long-sleeved black undershirt, of course, looked impeccable. Not like the rags many demons wore, including the Duke of Pain. He smiled slightly at the human. "I'll keep the pants. You don't deserve the sight of what's underneath."

Jason smirked. "Wow, you've got quite a sense of humor, _Beelzy_. I hope you don't expect to beat me with jokes."

Beelzebub's jaw clenched. "_What_ did you call me?"

"Beelzy. It's short for Beelzebub."

A spurt of flame popped out of Beelzebub's mouth as he exhaled. "Maggot. I'm going to beat you to a pulp. I won't stop until you're a puddle of blood."

"Darn. And here I thought you'd go easy on me since I'm new to all this."

The man held his palm out. Suddenly, a cylindrical, metal object leapt from his belt into his hand.

Beelzebub frowned.

_What the Devil is that?_ Beelzebub thought.