[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fr93X8856Vg)

_The prattling and babbling of the women in my life often seems neverending,_ Beelzebub thought. _If it isn't the she-ogre following me around and fawning after me with a vile look in her eyes, it's the she-devil who stands a little too close to me for my liking as we travel the Labyrinth's halls._

Ose, the newest Emperor, and a royal pain in Beelzebub's neck, matched his pace as he headed down one of the near-infinite corridors littered throughout the Labyrinth. Like him, her elevated position was a recent gain, given how Bael had promoted them at the same time. However, while Beelzebub had defeated Agares in a terrific upset of the ages, Ose had done little to earn her title. He could not help but feel jealousy burning in his chest.

The white-haired demoness glanced at him for a moment before looking away. Then she did it again.

Revulsion boiled up in Beelzebub's stomach, and he shot a glare at her. "Stop staring. You're giving me the same look Rosalia does. It's disgusting."

Immediately, she averted her gaze and stared at the floor. "S-sorry. My apologies."

They continued walking in silence. The Basilisk dens appeared in their sights, and a distinct sensation of annoyance washed over Beelzebub.

Ose was a stunningly gorgeous woman, even compared to the beauty of Belial, one of the most fawned-after succubi. He might have ranked Ose as the most physically attractive specimen the demons had to offer. A high compliment, given how he went out of his way to avoid women every day. No matter how pretty they seemed, he despised their vapid thoughts, their constant need to maintain appearances, and all the other traits their gender shared.

Despite her ravishing good looks, he felt nothing toward this _snake_ leading his people. She was not his type. Perhaps it was her hair or the way she carried herself. Bah, who was he kidding? _It's her personality. She walks around like a queen and looks down on others beneath her—an admirable trait in a male, but repulsive in the opposite sex,_ Beelzebub thought. _Women belong at the feet of men, licking their boots, among other things._

_My ideal mate is a woman who flatters me at every opportunity, perhaps someone who treats me as though I were the highest authority to walk the twelve planes of the physical universe,_ Beelzebub thought. _Sadly, few women have such a personality._

Ose, naturally, acted worse than many other beautiful demonesses. She saw him as little more than a tool—a disposable item to be used and tossed aside. _I'm nobody's fool. If she wants me to play a role, so be it. When the time comes, my allegiance will never be to any woman, for I am—_ Beelzebub thought, but the thought was interrupted.

"Beelzebub? Are you alright? You haven't said anything for several minutes."

Ose's voice interrupted his thoughts. He stopped himself from sighing. "Yes, I'm fine. Silence is the breeding ground for brilliance. Surely, one as accomplished as you knows that much."

A nod. "Of course. I was merely making conversation."

Silence followed. Ose's high heels clicked against the ground as the dirt surfaces of the Labyrinth gave way to a texture more akin to stone. Glowing rocks appeared in the ceiling above, lighting the way.

They were entering the Basilisk caves.

Ose spoke again. "I've heard that you, erm, spend a lot of time with Artorias. Has Barbatos shown any signs of resurfacing?"

_At least she's making small talk about things other than makeup and emotions,_ Beelzebub thought.

"Barbatos is as silent as Diablo. Uriel hasn't spoken to Artorias, either. He's in sole control of his body. Even Uriel's holy energy seems to have receded over the last few years."

"That's wonderful. I've been busy developing the structure for Operation Stormbringer. Artorias will be an essential part of my ultimate plan to defeat humanity. Would you mind telling me a bit about his current state? I haven't had time to speak with him at length."

The Basilisk cave's glowing gems continued to brighten as they walked. Soon, Beelzebub could see into the distance as easily as if it were daylight outside. The ceiling crystals, reliant on the ambient magical power of the nearest monsters and demons, glowed most brightly when nearby denizens clustered together in tightly-knit groups.

The hallway expanded outward, and soon they entered a series of large interconnected rooms, each with puddles of water splashed across the floor. A glance to the left and the right revealed massive creatures swimming under the glowing blue lakes, each aquatic monster big enough to swallow ten demons of Beelzebub's stature whole. However, the long, snake-like creatures, while aggressive and territorial, knew better than to attack a Duke or Emperor. A hapless orc or grunt on the other hand...

_Well, some demons are too stupid to stay away from dangerous areas. It's better they die quickly,_ Beelzebub thought.

He tilted his head in Ose's direction. "Operation Stormbringer. Will you finish the plans for it soon?"

"Within the month. Mephisto is still locating bodies to revive, but our first attack waves should easily overwhelm the human's defenses."

He paused his walking to stare at the noble creatures swimming in one of the nearby lakes. The crystal-clear water allowed him to gaze at their blackened bodies in all their majesty. One of the Basilisks spun around underwater and stopped to evaluate him. After a moment, it turned away, seemingly thinking to itself, _perhaps these two are not a meal worth dying over._

"Easily? You sound confident. Need I remind you of the Wordsmith? He obliterated a star with a single word. Whatever defenses he conjures will be beyond the scope of your science and experiments."

"Possibly. However, I've been keeping an eye on him for a while. Do you know what my magical repertoire includes?"

"No."

"I can project my body astrally. Using this technique, I have surveyed the humans for the past six years."

"That might be useful, I suppose. What did you discover?"

Ose stared at the side of Beelzebub's head for a moment. He felt her eyes burning a hole in his ear, so he tore his gaze away from the Basilisks.

"Beelzebub, can I trust you?"

Her question caught him off-guard. "What? No. I'm the least trustworthy demon you'll ever meet. I'll stab you in the back the first chance I get."

"Perfect. We're quite alike, in that regard."

_A question forms in my mind: I wonder whether Ose or Rosalia is the more aggravating woman?_ Beelzebub thought.

"I just told you I wasn't trustworthy. Whatever you want to tell me, you should know I'll use it against you at the first possible—" His throat suddenly caught, and he stifled a cough—fire flared from his nostrils. "Kah!! Kah, kah!"

It took him a moment to regain his breath. "—the first possible opportunity."

Ose cocked her head. "Are you alright?"

"Couldn't be better."

"Ever since you ignited yourself, I've heard you had issues with your abilities. Are they going to present a recurring problem, or—"

"I said I'm _fine_." He snapped at her, putting a tinge of venom in his voice. "Don't question my capabilities. Didn't I wipe out an entire squad of those pesky armored humans a few months ago?"

Ose lowered her eyes. "I only want to be certain your condition is stable. If you say it is, I won't pester you."

"Damn right, you won't." He continued walking forward, and it took Ose a second to start walking after him. He decided to change the subject. "Tell me more about Vepar's attack. You wanted to capture the Wordsmith. Why did the ambush fail?"

"Vepar claimed it was because the Sphinx showed up. The troublesome lizard-lion-eagle monster put up quite a fight and forced her to retreat."

He snorted fire. "Hmpf. Kar, right? I fought him when I first became a Baron. I would have defeated him if Belial hadn't jumped in from out of nowhere. How could he best a seasoned Baron like Vepar?"

Ose raised an eyebrow. "I don't remember hearing about Belial's intervention."

"Must have slipped my mind."

"Mmm. Well, Vepar didn't face him alone, but also a squad of armored troops. I only managed to create one Nanite Destabilizer, and its charges were limited. She drained it on the Wordsmith to bypass his air filters."

The exit to the Basilisk den drew near as they continued walking forward. 

He rubbed his chin. "For such an essential operation, why send a Baron? You should have gone yourself."

Ose's voice lowered. "In hindsight, you are correct. However, Vepar has never failed me before. Doing so now taught me an important lesson."

"And that would be?"

"I need demons I can trust. At the least, I need ones who _perform_."

A smirk crossed Beelzebub's face. "I already told you I wasn't trustworthy."

The Third Emperor closed her eyes and flipped her hair gracefully. "Of course, and I appreciate your honesty. What I need to know is whether you'll fulfill the latter requirement."

"I always win. That's why I'm the first demon to become Duke since the conclusion of the Energy Wars."

"Didn't you lose to the Sphinx and the Wordsmith?"

"Tactical retreats."

"Of course. Haha!" Ose chuckled. Beelzebub forced a smile as well, though her gentle ribbing touched on something of a sore spot for him.

"A few mild defeats from when I first ascended. I'm not the demon I once was. I've crushed the humans several times now. They know to avoid Dukes because of my efforts."

Ose nodded cordially and touched her heart. "Oh, of course. Don't mind my teasing. Here's my offer, Beelzebub... I want you to take the front position during Operation Stormbringer."

They slowed to a stop just inside the narrowing corridors of the Labyrinth as the Basilisk Den faded behind them. Beelzebub turned to face the Emperor, and the glint in her eye did not escape his notice.

"What about Bael? He's the highest-ranked Duke."

A smile spread across Ose's face. She leaned toward him and pressed her finger against his suit. A harmless tingle of electricity passed through to his heart, making his right arm twitch. _Usually, I protest when someone touches me, but I bite my tongue this time,_ Beelzebub thought. "Bael lacks... _finesse_. He can take the rear. I believe Stormbringer should be your moment to shine."

"And Mephisto?"

"Auxiliary forces. I need a shock troop to level the frontline defenses of the humans. Who better than the regenerating immortal Duke of Inferno? Whatever attacks the humans hit you with, you'll shrug them off. I'll give you a qualified contingent of our best troops as well."

Slowly, Beelzebub narrowed his eyes. "While prestigious, this mission sounds dangerous as well. I could die."

Ose pulled her finger off his suit and slowly stuck it in her mouth, licking it suggestively. The innuendo did not evade him. "Aww. Are you _afraid?_"

"Don't mock me. I only want to know what you'll compensate me with."

She blinked bashfully. "I can be creative with your reward."

"What kind of demon do you take me for?"

Ose's playful expression melted away. "Oh. Well, if you don't swing my way, I'm sure Bael might know an incubi or two who—"

"You're mocking me again."

Ose's smile reappeared, brighter than before. "Haha! It's rare for a man to make me laugh. I'll tell you what, Beelzebub. If you reduce humanity's defenses to ashes, and bring me the Wordsmith, alive, I'll give you anything you desire."

Ose slowly rubbed her thigh and blushed. Beelzebub ignored the gesture.

"Make me an Emperor."

Her smile weakened. "Well, that might not be possible. There are protocols we have to follow, after all, such as the Rule of Three. However..."

Ose's eyes faded away for a moment. She gazed not at him, but _through_ him, as if a thought had suddenly occurred to her.

"...However, if there were only two Emperors still alive, then ascending you to the final plane might be possible."

Beelzebub smiled. "Ah, you must mean... Belial."

"That's right. She's in your way, as well as mine. Kill Belial or bring her to me battered and broken, along with the Wordsmith. Do that for me... and anything will be possible."

He raised his chin. "That's an awful lot of responsibility, even if the reward is great. Why do you need the Hero?"

Ose's expression soured. "I created the colonies across the galaxy. Jason undermined a hundred thousand years of psychological conditioning and humiliated me when he liberated all of our feeding worlds. Worse, he did it in only a few short months. I can't simply let him die a quiet death."

The Third Emperor's voice deepened. She clenched a fist at her side. "I'm going to turn Jason into my slave. He will Wordsmith for me and watch as I use his power to enslave all of humanity once more... and after I finish, I will torture him for another hundred thousand years. I may eventually allow him to die, but only once I grow bored of making him dance."

It took Beelzebub a moment to respond. His perception of Ose changed sharply, within a fraction of a second. 

_I didn't realize she had such a sadistic side,_ he thought.

"This isn't business. It's personal. Correct?"

"Possibly." Ose's voice caught. "I... I experienced the worst of humanity's cruelty during my formative years. I have no compassion for a single one of them."

Beelzebub nodded at her, and a feeling of awe overcame him. For the first time, Ose had shown him, perhaps unintentionally, a side of her others rarely saw.

_Maybe she isn't the simple airheaded female I first imagined,_ Beelzebub thought.

"Ahem. Belial, Jason, and the rest of humanity. I will crush them. For you. For me."

Ose breathed out a whisper. "For us."

"Yes."

They gazed into each other's eyes, a more thorough understanding of each other passing through the air between them.

After a few moments, Ose broke eye contact. "Ah. Sorry. I shouldn't open myself up like that. It's not becoming of an Emperor."

"Correct, but I appreciate your honesty."

Beelzebub turned and continued walking down the hall. This time, Ose immediately fell into step beside him. He smiled at how they walked in unison. His right and left leg moved at the same pace and speed as hers.

"You said before that we were more alike than you previously thought. Perhaps there is truth in that statement."

Ose blushed. "Who can know?"

Several minutes passed as they walked in silence. Ose raised her head when a junction appeared, splitting in three directions.

"Ah. I need to visit Faith's End. I'll be going my separate way, now."

Beelzebub raised an eyebrow. "The prisons? Why?"

"The final piece of Operation Stormbringer. I promised you elite shock troops, and I won't disappoint. My brother has been... _experimenting_ on a new type of minion."

His lip curled up. "Ah. Gressil. I always forget about your relation to him."

If Beelzebub's disgust bothered Ose, she did not show it. "I wish I could forget, too. However, you know the saying. Blood runs thicker than water."

His nose twitched. _Do you mind if I... if I ask you a personal question? About Gressil,_ Beelzebub thought. It took him a second to formulate the question in his head. The sensation of bile in his gut threatened to erupt from his mouth at the thought of speaking the words.

"Is... is it true what they say? About... the souls in his body? The human souls. And the demon ones, too...?"

Several moments passed. Ose stared at him stonily. "That depends on what specific rumors you've heard." She shivered. "Well. Whatever tales you've heard, they were probably accurate. Gressil's abilities are... they're... _unnatural_. Grotesque."

"And what about your mother?"

This time, Ose's entire face contorted. She looked away to hide her expression. "I'm leaving. Good day, Beelzebub."

The Third Emperor clutched her stomach. She hesitated for only a moment before disappearing. She vanished from existence so quickly that Beelzebub did not even see her body move. Her fabled _lightspeed dash_. He might have heard of it, but seeing it in person was another thing entirely.

_My tongue snakes out to wet my lips—memories of Gressil's mutilated body dance in my mind,_ Beelzebub thought. Bael had given him the unfortunate duty of speaking to that demon—no, that _monster_—last year.

_I still remember the terror that flowed through my veins, as well as the powerlessness in my body when he grabbed me. Had he snapped my neck, I doubt I would have regenerated,_ Beelzebub thought.

A shudder ran down his spine. He quickly spun on his heel and headed toward yesterday's attack point.

_Push the memories away, Beelzebub. Don't think about... that... that thing,_ he thought. _The devils know Ose is more courageous than me to head into his lair alone._
