Part 199: Jepthath's Burden
Part 199: Jepthath's Burden

Jepthath's voice rumbles inside of Hope's mind.

_Four hundred years passed. Thanks to the Titan's soul manipulation, those who submitted to him and pledged their loyalty gained the gift of immortality. As the first batch of humans he ever recruited, my village's hunters were the closest to him and became his elite generals._

_Hercules amassed an army in secret. His father, the Titan King Zeus, would have punished him severely and killed the entirety of Hercules' Legion if he knew of our existence. No Titan King would tolerate a soul-manipulator in their midst. Therefore, we had to keep our numbers low and live in seclusion._

The vision shifts to reveal a massive underground city dug out by the efforts of Hercules' Legion. With a ceiling height of twenty feet and thousands of structures built from stone, wood, and dirt, the underground city possesses something of a dwarven appearance, rather than the haphazard and meandering demonic hallways of the Labyrinth. Every human warrior walks around dressed in light leather armor, but the quality is far higher than what Jepthath's village managed to produce.

_Hercules's power enabled his Legion to share not only their vision, but their thoughts and memories. We kept no secrets from each other, and we treated those around us like blood brothers. Thanks to our shared vision, it was impossible for demons to sneak up on us, or for infiltrators to enter our city. Were any member of the Legion to perish, the others would know instantly._

_For a time, we enjoyed a sense of peace and security. However, our benefactor continued to fight the demons on the surface world, killing clumps and clusters of them whenever they popped up. We began to wonder when our time to shine would appear._

_Finally, that day arrived._

The city of humans bustles with activity. Craftsman sharpen and cut wooden spears by the dozens, while more than half of the community flays the skins of numerous dead animals, dices their bodies apart, and cooks mountains of food for the others. At the edges of the underground city, dozens of hunters patrol, alone, sweeping their glowing eyes in every direction to search for possible enemies. With their shared vision, the moment someone tries to launch an attack, the entire community will rise to the fight at the same time.

Jepthath, leader of a 1,000-man brigade, sits with a small group of comrades. A fire crackles between them as they rest on four logs arranged in a square. They silently chew and swallow meat soup, staring at one another while exchanging thoughts telepathically.

[We should prepare for battle,] One of the warriors thinks. [Hercules' fight against the demons is turning south quickly.]

Jepthath finishes his soup. He sets his bowl on the cave floor and nods. [This conflict isn't like the others. Our leader is facing off against Satan the Devil, the First Emperor of demonkind. We thought he had perished, but it seems that even his subjects were unaware of his survival.]

The first warrior nods. [So what you're saying is...]

[Aye. We will not let our leader fight this battle alone. Satan killed Megara. He must die for his sins. And as for me... the demons took my wife and children. I won't rest until I have laid every last bloodskin to rest within the Earth's bosom. Their blood will water the flowers of the future. Their bodies will create a virtuous cycle of life, molding a planet for us to live upon.]

Jepthath rises to his feet. His thoughts transmit to all the other denizens of the underground cave.

[Come! We must not allow Hercules to fight Satan alone! This battle is ours as well! What have we to live for, if not to kill the monsters who ravaged our homes and butchered our families?!]

All across the camp, thousands of warriors stop what they're doing and rise to their feet. Their vision unites, allowing them to hear Jepthath's words as clearly as if he were standing right before them.

Despite their unified thoughts and vision, their minds remain unique. Each warrior reflects for a moment on their dead husbands, wives, and children. Each of them walks a similar path in life, a path of bloodshed and revenge, not unlike Jepthath's. However, the individual differences make them stronger and allow them to empathize more deeply with one another. Jepthath's words light a fire in their hearts as they realize that hundreds of years of waiting have finally come to fruition.

[I won't stand idly while my leader fights the Devil!] One warrior cries.

[Neither will I! I fight for Hercules! I fight for Jepthath!]

[I won't draw my last breath until I squeeze the life from Satan's throat!]

Multiple members of the Legion pump their fists in the air. As one, they rise to their feet and march toward the weapons cache, where thousands of sharpened spears await them.

[March on the demons! Kill them all! Char their corpses to ash!!]

A flood of humans pours out of the mountain's entrance. Jepthath's battalion leads the charge, bellowing like bears as they travel.

Jepthath transmits his thoughts to Hercules. [Master! We are coming to help! Do not tell us to abandon you!]

Hercules, their leader, swings his fist at Satan and crushes the Devil's head into pulp.

He smiles.

[I wouldn't have it any other way. The Devil is a troublesome opponent. To me, my warriors! Today, we will shake the Earth and send the demons scurrying back into their burrows!]

The human warriors quickly charge out of their mountain, through the forests, and past various plains and flatlands. Aided by the power of Hercules' Titan strength, their physical prowess, agility, and stamina are more than three times higher than ordinary humans.

Hercules temporarily retreats from the battle. As he does, his thoughts turn inward.

_My Titan ancestry is incompatible with human warriors. Were I a pureblooded human, I would be able to share my power amongst them equally. They would become unstoppable, a fighting force capable of leveling continents. Still, even as they are now, my Legion is more than a match for the demons!_

Jepthath and the other ten thousand humans charge several miles in the blink of an eye. They sweep across the plains like a hurricane, traveling nearly a hundred miles an hour as their bare feet pound against the Earth's soil.

Eventually, they arrive before their benefactor and savior, the son of Zeus, Hercules. His Legion bows before him, then raises their spears to the sky. "We fight for Hercules! We fight to rid the Earth of the bloodskins!"

"Haha..." Hercules chuckles. "That, you do. I am proud of all of you. Ten thousand men stand before me today. No longer are you boys, but warriors! You've trained to hone your bodies. Now, do not hold back any longer! Come with me! Send Satan's soul to the Great Beyond, where it shall remain, forever!"

"Yes!"

"Yes!"

Hercules' army whoops and cheers. The soldiers pound their chests and follow their leader as he turns around and charges back to the battlefield, where his father awaits.

However...

Little do the humans know, but an awful fate awaits all of them.

---

**[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwJj2EpC8vg)**

Jepthath's spear finds its mark. He impales a Scyther through its mouth, ripping the top of its head off with a sickening _skrik_! 

The young hunter pants like a beaten wolf. Beside him, two members of his original tribe fight like hell against the demonic hordes. Their spears spin, whack and stab with reckless abandon. However, the fatigue wracking their bodies draws them ever closer to a sudden collapse. Should their strength fail, the demons will pounce on them and rip them limb from limb.

[Give no quarter!] Jepthath shouts through his telepathic link. [We cannot allow Hercules to fall!]

Hundreds of demons and humans stab, slash, burn, and maim one another in a no-holds-barred battle to the death. Barbatos, now an enraged ball of claws and hatred, tears at the Balrog's back with reckless abandon, scorching his claws and howling in pain as he tries to take down the massive behemoth.

Jepthath works together with the oldest hunter from his village. Together, the two of them take on a Demon Lord, a slinky female possessing the power of water. She uses her liquid manipulation to turn the blood-soaked battlefield into a deathtrap. Pressurized bursts of liquid fire at Jepthath, forcing him to duck and dodge as the unified eyesight of the Legion weakens more and more every minute. With fewer than a thousand humans left alive, cracks appear in their formerly near-omniscient field of vision.

The eldest hunter hurls his spear at the Demon Lord, but she dodges at the last second, allowing the spear to sail past her and impale a different demon's back. The poor bastard perishes without seeing his death coming.

"Damned filthy fleshbags!" The Demon Lord yells. "Suffer!"

She summons a razor-thin water-whip and starts whipping it from left to right in huge, sweeping motions. Jepthath and the other hunter duck the first sweep and jump the next when she aims for their legs. Both sides end in a standstill, unable to hit the other, while quickly exerting what's left of their stamina.

"Stop dodging!" The Demon Lord barks. "I'll kill you yet!"

Suddenly, the Demon Lord flings her hands behind herself. A blast of water fires from her back, propelling her forward with startling speed. She catches Jepthath's fellow hunter off-guard as she rushes at him with a water-spear raised.

"Hokkad!" Jepthath yells. He tries to rush to his friend's aid, but doesn't move quickly enough. The Demon Lord hurls her spear down and impales Hokkad through his chest, ripping out the man's flesh and bone. Hokkad slumps to the ground, dead, while Jepthath's heart explodes with fury.

"Demon whore!"

With her attention still fixated on the dead Legion member, the Demon Lord doesn't have enough time to turn and face Jepthath. He takes advantage of her momentary distraction to jump her from behind and impale the demoness right through her heart.

_Skrik!_

"Augh!"

The demoness tries to turn and fight, but Jepthath follows up with a vicious series of punches and kicks. He sweeps her legs and smashes his fist into the demoness's mouth, knocking the daylights out of her and finishing with a brutal blow to the throat. The demoness goes still as the life leaves her body.

Jepthath gasps for breath. He pants and wheezes as agony wracks his chest. Sadly, he can't spare a moment to grieve for his fallen comrade. With his link to Hokkad's mind severed, Jepthath has no doubts over his friend's demise.

"D-demon filth..." Jepthath growls.

Tears well up in his eyes as he filters his vision from the chaos engulfing the remaining members of the Legion. Hercules howls in pain as Belial wraps herself around him and plunges her knife-fingers into his chest. With their leader suffering such gruesome wounds and their numbers rapidly dwindling, the seemingly perfect teamwork of the Legion falls into disarray. Their unified vision falters, and their expertly aimed blows consistently miss the mark, allowing handfuls of demons to survive what should have been fatal blows.

[Jepthath!] One human cries. [Help me! The demons-]

His voice cuts off abruptly as a Brute pulverizes his skull and flattens his corpse into the mud.

[Leader! We have to retreat! We can't hold off-]

Another voice falls silent as its owner meets a grisly end.

The voices of the few hundred remaining humans fall off, one by one. Friends, comrades, and brothers Jepthath has grown close to over the last few hundred years meet their maker at the fists and claws of the demons. Jepthath yanks his spear from the dirt and re-enters the fray, only to move a beat too slow and watch as another warrior perishes to a fireball flung by a Burner.

[Come, brothers! Retreat!] Jepthath orders. [To the south! We can't hold on any longer!]

The other humans try to obey their leader's orders. With Hercules ensnared by the succubus, Jepthath becomes their pillar of support. However, not even he can summon a miracle. With the ever-increasing number of demons swarming from the depths of the Earth, the humans fail to find a path of escape. Some break off from the demonic horde and rush toward the woods, but their fleet-footed enemies pounce on them like wolves onto sheep.

[Go! Go!] Jepthath bellows. He rushes toward the woods, slaying three grunts along the way while pulling his injured comrades up one by one. Together, he and a dozen humans manage a narrow escape while fighting off their pursuers.

As they flee, Jepthath and his friends sense a growing gap in their vision. The demons mercilessly slaughter the remaining humans ten at a time. Even the ones who stood at the edge of the crater to provide wide-ranged vision perish under the sneak attacks of Burrowers.

Sweat pours down Jepthath's back. He races through the trees along with the ten remaining members of the Legion. Three of them bleed profusely from grievous wounds suffered during the battle, but they offer no complaint. Their speed slows to a crawl as the life ebbs from their bodies. Eventually, the injured fall to the pursuing demons, picked off by a pair of Scythers and three Hellhound-riding orcs.

Jepthath and the remaining Legioneers screech to a halt as the forest comes to an end at the foot of a cliff. With their escape route abruptly cut off, all the humans can do is turn to face the hundred or so pursuing demons.

The situation turns bleak. Jepthath grits his teeth, as do the other Legionnaires.

[I'm sorry, everyone,] Jepthath says, his voice resolute. [I failed all of you. I should never have ordered us to attack. We weren't ready. _I_ wasn't ready.]

[Do not blame yourself,] The nearest warrior replies, his telepathic voice choked with emotion. [No man lives forever. If we must die, then we will bring as many bloodskins down with us as possible.]

[Aye.]

The humans charge their opponents, startling the demon pursuers. The Legionnaires put on a terrific show of brutality as they rip their adversaries limb from limb. Even outnumbered four to one, the humans manage to take out dozens of demon grunts.

However, the moment a Demon Lord appears, the human's ranks fall to pieces. This time, a male lord wearing a black bear's pelt leaps out of the forest and catches two of the Legion's remaining members by surprise. He grabs them by the backs of their heads and smashes their faces against the ground, pulverizing their heads into mush. In the blink of an eye, he drops onto his hands and feet and charges like a tiger at the other humans and rips through their ranks like a pack of Hellhounds.

One by one, all of the Legion's members fall to the Demon Lord's onslaught.

Soon, only Jepthath remains.

The lone surviving member of the Legion battles for his life as he ducks and dodges the monstrous Demon Lord.

"Skrah! Filthy little human! You're all alone now!" The Demon Lord cackles. "You've done well to last this long! Consider yourself lucky to die at the claws of Kiki, the Lord of the Woods! Hahaha!"

Blood covers Jepthath's body. Hundreds of cuts and bruises line his skin, making him look more like a walking cadaver than a living being. He spits blood on the dirt and grunts.

"Don't mock me, servant of evil. I swore to eliminate your kind from the Earth. If I die here, how will I remain a man of my word?"

Kiki howls with laughter. "Hahaha!! It's a miracle you're still standing, moron! You'll be lucky to last thirty more seconds! Give up, and I'll make your death quick and painless!"

Behind Kiki, dozens of demon grunts file into the forest. They stand aside and allow the Demon Lord his moment of fun, laughing and grinning to each other all the while.

Jepthath grips his blood-covered spear. He gazes at the Demon Lord with a mixture of pity and disgust. "You want me to give up? What a coward. It seems you're too scared to take on one pathetic, insignificant _human._ If I'm as weak as you say, then finish me off."

The Demon Lord guffaws. He laughs at Jepthath with a tone of incredulity, acting as if he can't believe the human's silly bravado. "Pfft! Oh, geez, you're a thick one! If you want to die so badly, I'm happy to oblige!"

The Demon Lord lowers into a four-legged stance again and charges at Jepthath. When the human stabs at him, he jumps to the side and swipes at Jepthath's leg, gouging out a chunk of his flesh. Jepthath grits his teeth, but doesn't cry out in pain.

Instead, Jepthath's movements quicken. He seizes the initiative and charges Kiki, raising his spear to swing it down like a club. Kiki cackles evilly and rolls to the side, allowing the weapon to crash against the ground where he was standing.

"Too slow! Stupid human!"

Kiki dashes behind Jepthath and slashes at his back, tearing out another chunk of skin. Once again, the demon jumps backward and retreats as Jepthath staggers around like a drunken fool.

"Haha, lookit Kiki," One of the nearby grunts says to another. "He's just playing with that human. He ain't taking this seriously at all."

"Why should he?" The other grunt replies, a smirk on his face. "That human ain't got any fight left in him. A few more hits and he'll be begging for a quick death."

The demons chuckle to one another, laughing at how pathetic the final member of the Legion's fight seems to be. However, as the fight continues for another five minutes, and then another ten minutes, their expressions change.

Gallons of blood pour from Jepthath's body. His appearance appears ghastly, like a battle-worn specter of death. No matter how many times Kiki gouges out a chunk of skin, the human doesn't die. Instead, his movement and strength increase, allowing him to slowly match the Lord of the Wood's strength.

"What the hell? How is that human still alive?!" The demon grunt from earlier yells. "He should've died a long time ago!"

Jepthath says nothing. His bloodshot eyes follow the Demon Lord around as Kiki's increasingly wary attacks slow to a crawl. The Demon Lord continues to swipe at Jepthath every once in a while, but his shaking limbs reveal a hidden emotion emerging from within his mind.

_Fear._

Kiki cautiously evaluates the human before him.

_That guy ain't no human! No way! He's scary! How in the hell can someone take so much abuse and keep standing?!_

Kiki charges in again, but this time, he raises his claws high and goes for the killing blow.

_I've gotta finish this bastard off now! If the other demons hear it took me twenty minutes to beat one human, I'll never live the shame-_

Before he can finish his thought, Kiki's body jerks backward abruptly in midair as Jepthath's spear finds its mark.

_Skrik._

Jepthath impales the demon through his throat, swings him overhead, and slams the Lord of the Wood against the forest floor. Kiki's corpse crashes into the glade with a heavy _whump_, sending a wave of silence throughout the demon's ranks.

Several grunts stare in wide-eyed awe at the once-proud Demon Lord they all looked up to and admired.

"H-how... how did one little human beat Kiki? That can't be possible..."

Suddenly, the blood-soaked warrior turns to face his demonic opponents. His gaze, filled with hatred and vengeance, meets theirs.

"Now... you... will... die..."

Jepthath gurgles on his blood. His body trembles from the agony of a thousand cuts, but he never gives in to the pain. Images of his dead friends, family, and former comrades haunt his vision, giving him a bottomless well of strength to continue fighting.

He failed them.

He failed everyone.

But he will never fail himself. He must continue to fight for everyone's sake.

Several demon grunts take a fearful step backward. One particularly brave soul does the opposite. A single Scyther takes a hesitant step forward and aims his blade-arm at the human. "W-what are you morons waiting for?! He can't take us all at once! C-come on!"

The Scyther's shaking voice doesn't imbue his fellow grunts with confidence. However, he does manage to dispel the fog from their minds.

"Y-yeah! We can take 'im!" One shrill-voiced Burner yells. "Come on! Let's gut this bastard for killing Kiki!"

Jepthath stands motionless as the demons rally together and rush him. With his back against a cliff, all Jepthath can do is wait for his enemies to enter his range.

The lone warrior shakes his head. _They've got me surrounded. The poor bastards._

What follows is a masterclass in brutality. Jepthath's spear becomes a whirlwind of destruction. He spins and twists like an acrobat, swinging his makeshift baseball bat against the heads and bodies of any demon unfortunate enough to draw within his range. Their heads tear from their bodies and sail into the woods, while their arms, legs, and chests shatter under the mountain-crushing strength of the final remaining Legionnaire.

Eventually, the demons cease their assault and beat a hasty retreat. Unable to land a killing blow against the human, their will to fight dissipates like a sneeze in the wind. 

"He's too powerful!"

"Run! Get out of my way! I don't want to die next!"

"Hey, don't trip me! You piece of shrakh! If that human gets me, he'll- aaugh!"

Jepthath chases the fleeing demons. He kills more than a dozen, ending their lives in a spectacularly brutal fashion. However, as they run, the difference in their remaining stamina compared to his finally makes itself evident. Jepthath slows to a stop and collapses against a tree. Every fiber of his being aches. His body begs for the release of death, while darkness threatens to swallow his vision.

[Ngh... this is it for me...] The last Legionnaire thinks to himself. [I don't have any energy left. Not a drop. If a demon comes by, they'll easily kill me before I can lift a finger.]

However, his thoughts don't stay within his mind. Instead, they transmit to Hercules, now safely tucked under his father's arm. The young Titan suffers from deep wounds inflicted by the succubus, Belial. He closes his eyes and transmits his thoughts to any who will listen.

[My Legion. Who among you still draws breath?]

Fatigue wracks Jepthath's body. He sags further against the tree and sighs. 

[Only me, my leader. I have failed you. The rest of the Legion perished to the bloodskins.]

Hercules falls silent. His father travels at the speed of sound, rushing across the landscape toward the safety of the Titan's hall.

[I see. I expected as much. We weren't ready to fight the demons. An army of ten thousand was far too few to stand against the millions of bloodskins lurking within the Earth's bowels. Haha...]

Overwhelming sadness fills Hercules' mind.

[I knew when I tapped into the soul manipulation arts that my father would hate me. Still, I gained as much as I lost. I'm glad to have met you, Jepthath. You were always different from the other humans. Only you understand the pain tucked away within the recesses of my heart. The pain of loss. Of suffering. Of _regret_. We can never bring back those we've lost, but we can avenge them. _You_ can avenge them.]

Hercules sighs.

[I won't let you die. You shall become my ace in the hole. If I should perish, I will ensure my power passes on to you. For now, I will grant you half of my strength. Use it wisely and survive. Earth's fate depends on you.]

Hercules closes his eyes. He transmits a tremendous amount of magical energy through the telepathic link to Jepthath. There, it enters the human's broken body and swiftly gets to work mending his wounds.

Jepthath coughs. [I... I am unworthy.]

[No,] Hercules replies, a hint of melancholy in his voice. [I am. I must do what I can to revive the Titans. However, you must save your people. The angels think little of humanity, but I see now that your kind will be the key to defeating the demons, someday. Whether one year or a thousand, humanity will end up the ultimate victor in this planetary war.]

Jepthath nods. [I understand. Thank you, leader. If it wasn't for you... I would never have had a chance to avenge my family's murder.]

[I have no doubt that even without my help, you would have moved Heaven and Earth to pay the demons back double for their violence. Haha. I am fortunate to have met you. I will submit to whatever punishment my father deems necessary. In the meantime, you must keep fighting, Jepthath. You are the key to defeating the demons.]

[I will. Do not worry, leader.]

Hercules sighs. Having exhausted himself in the battle against the demons, he sags in his father's grasp and allows sleep to swallow him.

However, Jepthath does not. 

The human winces as his body repairs itself. He pulls himself to his feet and stumbles away from the field of corpses. With a deep sigh, he begins hobbling back toward his mountain village, where the Legion once lived.

_If Hercules will not allow me to die, then I must stay alive at all costs. I will rebuild the Legion, but a thousand times stronger with a thousand times as many men. I won't make the same mistakes I did before._

_I will hunt the demons no matter where they hide. Their extinction will draw nearer by the day._

Jepthath smiles.

_Only once I've wrung the life from Satan's neck will I finally join my family in the Great Beyond._