Nonchalantly, he stepped into an interrogation room and walked toward a table. It was a barebones chamber, constructed hastily with his Wordsmithing.

The demon eyeballed him warily as he sat on the opposite side of the table from him. He was a sturdy-looking fellow with decent muscles, standing just over six feet tall. His tangled black hair hung off his head in clumps, giving him a slightly ratty appearance, but with a shower, he would clean up fine. Two burly minotaurs stood guard behind him, each armed with a nasty-looking halberd, but he waved them out as he took his seat. He wouldn't need their protection. 

His guest was only a Demon _Lord_.

"I ain't sayin' nothin'," the demon snapped. "Do your worst."

He had grown used to the red skin and horns most demons had, as well as their blood-red eyes, but what never failed to surprise him was how smartly they dressed. This guy's pinstripe suit was still torn up from the battle, splotched with his blood in several places, but he could tell he enjoyed dressing dapper. His mental image of the average demon had always been that they were a lot like rabid animals, keen to tear humans apart, but seeing them like this changed things. Now he had the notion that they were quite sophisticated and more than capable of intelligent thought. It seemed Beelzebub and Agares weren't outliers.

"If you say so," he replied. "I want to ask you a few questions before we release you. You don't have to answer, but these aren't particularly invasive."

The demon flicked his gaze behind himself. "You sent the guards out. Don't you value your life?"

"Naturally, I do, but you don't frighten me."

"Uh-huh. What's with the... the glowing eyes?" He squinted to examine his face. "Ain't never seen a fleshbag with eyes like those. You some kinda shapeshifter or somethin'?"

"I'm asking the questions here, but... yes. I suppose you could say that." 

Truthfully, he wasn't lying. He could change his shape, after all. Hell, he wondered if he could change everything about his looks. Might be worth a shot, sometime. "What's your name?"

The demon leaned back in his seat. "I guess I can tell you that much. It's Paimon."

"Nice to meet you, mister Paimon." He held his hand out toward him, but he merely stared at it for a few seconds.

"What the hell kind of spell are you tryin'a cast?"

He retracted his hand. _Ugh. Monsters and demons seemed to have no concept of shaking hands._ "Never mind. I'm Jason. I want to know why the demons attacked us. Can you tell me that much?"

He squirmed in his seat. "You're gonna let me go if I tell you?"

"Whether you tell me or not, after I finish asking questions, you'll be free to leave."

He reached up and rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "What kinda dumb interrogation is this? Everyone knows torture is the best way to make someone talk."

"Do you want me to torture you?"

His face reddened. "N-no."

He shrugged. "Where I come from, there have been studies regarding the low correlation between torture and reliable information. Besides, I'll be asking the other dozen of your friends these same questions. I'm playing the odds by assuming someone will talk."

"Huh. Interesting." He crossed his arms again and stared at him stonily for a few moments. "Maybe you are just a fleshbag. Ain't no demon or monster I know who'd say the shit you do."

"Perhaps. Would you like to answer the question, or should I move to the next one?"

Paimon looked at the blank walls around them before sighing. "Hah... you're either dumb or smart as hell. I can't figure you out. Fine. The official orders are to wait for a signal from the Dukes before retaking the Core, but some of the Lords thought it would be a good chance to reap some souls. We decided to gather up a bunch of slayers and attack all at once."

"Worked out well for you," he mused.

"Nobody likes a smartass."

He nodded. "Would you care for anything to eat? Drink?"

Paimon's jaw slackened. "Now you're offering me grub? Are you pranking me?"

"No. It's just been several hours since the battle. I'm starting to get a little hungry myself. Thought I'd offer."

The demon smirked. "Guess that settles it. You _are_ a fleshbag after all. Demons don't get hungry or thirsty, pal."

"Perhaps. Thank you for your answer, by the way."

"Maybe I lied."

He nodded again. "If you did, and anyone else answers the question, we'll have two conflicting answers. I don't think you lied, though. You look fairly honest."

"Oh? Got me all figured out, huh? Maybe I'm planning to jump you and cut your throat open."

"I'd advise against that. If you manage to kill me, you won't get out of here alive. Oh, and you won't win if we clash. Don't press your luck."

Paimon sagged slightly in his seat. "I'm just messing around. Doesn't matter; you won't let me go, anyway."

"Why do you say that?"

"Because fleshbags lie."

"And demons don't?"

Paimon licked his lips. "You know what I mean."

"Sure. Next question. Do you hate all humans?"

He blinked in surprise. "What? What kinda moronic-"

"Just answer it, if you want. Yes or no?"

"Yeah! Duh!" Paimon straightened up in his chair and slapped the table. He didn't flinch. "You're all pathetic! Weak! Just food for us to eat! Once you were 'sposed to be these unstoppable beasts, devastating everything and ripping us apart, but now you ain't shit!"

He cocked his head slightly. "You hate us because we're weak?"

"Obviously! Nothin' worse than a little shit who can't fight back! Even imps gotta fight to prove themselves."

"So, I suppose you'd say power and respect are essential to demons?"

"Obviously." Paimon started to stand up but paused. "Err, my legs are cramped. Mind if I stretch?"

"Sure. Go ahead. Don't try anything stupid, though. I don't want to hurt you."

"Hurt me. Psh." Paimon walked over to a wall and rubbed his back against it. "Like that could ever happen."

"You said you value respect and power. Would you respect me if I proved to you that I could crush you without trying?"

He paused and stared at him. "Is that a challenge?"

"Sure."

"If I attack you, I know how this goes. I kill you; the monsters come in and kill me. I'm outnumbered a thousand to one."

"Didn't you say you thought we weren't going to release you? Maybe you could take me as a hostage."

"What the hell good would a fleshbag hostage be? Ain't no monster that'll care if I have you at claw-point or not."

"You don't find it odd the monsters show deference to me? I'm obviously someone important."

Paimon glanced away for a moment. He watched in silence as the gears turned in his mind. Something triggered in his head, and he suddenly bolted for him, but he was far too slow. An invisible telekinetic wave reached out of his mind and smashed into him from the side, knocking him across the table and battering him against the wall.

"Guhuk!" The demon coughed in pain, then jumped at him again. This time, he calmly leaned forward and rested his chin in his palm before delivering another psychic barrage to him, knocking him away from him toward the far wall. He hit with enough force that if he were a human, he would have broken his spine. Since he was a demon, however, he merely slumped to the ground for a moment.

"W-what the hell?! How... how did you..."

While he breathed heavily, he sighed dramatically. "I told you, didn't I? You can't hope to beat me."

"That was you?! No way! No fleshbag has magic like that!" Paimon rose to his feet and wiped some blood from his lips before cautiously slinking back into his seat. "Maybe you're a shapeshifter after all. Ain't never met one with invisible fists, though."

"Anything's possible, I suppose. Are you okay? I can heal you if you like."

He scowled. "Shut up. I barely even felt those pathetic attacks. At least I know you ain't bluffin' now."

"Your wrist looks broken."

Paimon flicked his eyes down to his hand. "Maybe a little."

"I can heal it. I don't want you to be in pain."

"The hell does that mean?" 

Slowly he raised his head and pretended to look at the ceiling. His eyes didn't see anything, of course, but he didn't have to know that. "Not all humans are weak. Not all humans hate demons. I believe, in time, the demons could be convinced to hold similar views. Something tells me I could lead demons and humans to stop their fighting and seek common ground."

Paimon cursed. "Devils. Now you're talking like a fleshbag again. I can't pin you down — what a bunch of crap. Demons need fleshbags for souls. As long as that's true-"

"Don't humans who die of natural causes have their souls trapped in the River Styx?"

His interruption caught Paimon off-guard. "W-what? Yeah, sure. They're always old or weak, though. Young, fertile bodies give the most soul power."

"Do you need souls to live?"

He licked his lips again. "I suppose not. We're immortal."

"So the only reason you need souls is..."

"To mutate into stronger forms!"

"Greed, in other words."

Paimon leaned forward slightly. A thoughtful expression crossed his face. "Well, yeah. I suppose. Who'd wanna be stuck in the body of an imp?"

"Not me," he admitted. "But then, I am blessed."

"Tch. No kidding."

A long minute passed. Neither of them said anything.

Paimon rubbed his wrist. "Err, say, is that offer to heal my wrist still on the table?"

"Of course."

"How many more questions I gotta answer before you do that?"

"I told you, Paimon. You don't have to answer any of my questions. I'll heal your wrist right now if you like."

For the first time since he had met him, the demon smiled. He grinned, revealing his razor-sharp teeth without looking menacing or threatening. "Shit. Maybe I pegged you wrong, after all. Hit me with more questions, if you've got 'em."

"Certainly. Let me see your hand."

---

An hour later, Paimon grinned at him as the two minotaurs entered the room. His expression was almost like that of a long-lost child returning to his parent's embrace. "Say, uh, Jason?"

"Hmm?"

"You're releasing me, right?"

He nodded.

"Do... do I have to leave?"

"For now, yes. I'll release the other demons, too."

He slicked back his hair. "Damn. I hope they give you the answers you need, then. You're different from anyone I've ever met."

"Answers? No, I'm not going to question them. You fulfilled every query, after all. I know you didn't lie. You're all free to go."

"Seriously? Whoa." He glanced at the minotaurs, then back to him. "Say, what was that thing you did earlier? With the hand."

"Oh, that was just a greeting. Where I came from, friends pressed their hands together and shook. We also did that for goodbyes."

"Friends?" Paimon glanced away for a moment before bashfully jabbing his open palm across the table. "Th-then I guess if you shake my hand, that makes us...?"

He paused for three full seconds before smiling and taking his hand in his. After shaking twice, he pulled away. "Friends."

Paimon quickly stood up, nearly knocking his chair over. His body language was ridiculously giddy, and he smiled from ear to ear. "Jeez. I... I've never been friends with a fleshb- err, a human before. You're something else, Jason. I wish you the best of luck."

"Same, Paimon. Perhaps in a few months, I'll have a way for you to come back and visit us. For now, I advise staying away... for your safety."

He nodded. "I understand. I'll try and talk to other demons I know. You've got the right ideas about unification. I'd never considered another way until I spoke to you. Well, uh, anyway... guess I'll be going, then."

He lingered for a moment before the minotaurs ushered him out the door. After he left, a minute passed, and Neil entered the room.

"How did the interrogation go, my liege? We're ready to send in the next one."

"Don't bother. Paimon answered every question and didn't lie once. Release all the other demons along with him."

He stood up from the table and stretched, watching as Neil squinted in surprise.

"He answered all your questions? Ridiculous. Demons don't talk to humans."

"Maybe not as a rule, but Paimon did. I may have lucked out and found an open-minded fellow, but I doubt that. He seemed emblematic of most demons. He gives me hope in my convictions. You treated the other demons well, right?"

He walked around the table to open the door, and Neil nodded. "Yes, my liege. After we send them out, I'll have the Great Doors sealed shut. Is there anything else you'd like me to do?"

"No. That's enough for today. I need to get to work on human society. I want you to start scanning for human worlds. I'd like to concentrate on moving liberated populations to a few core worlds, leaving the old ones behind. If we unite the populations of hundreds of worlds into just a few, that'll give us greater numbers and allow us to focus our efforts on protecting more defensible planets. How many human worlds are out there, anyway?"

"Several hundred. I don't have accurate counts, yet, but I'll order an inquiry at once."

"Perfect."

They left the interrogation chambers and headed outside, down a few hallways, and into the Core once again. After a minute, he sighed. "I just hope Amelia will be so easy to convince."

"My liege?"

"Nothing. I'm making small talk."

_Yeah,_ he thought to himself. _Just small talk._