Part 593: Divinator Fellrun
Part 593: Divinator Fellrun

At the start of the Maiuran War, the humans felt deep fear. They knew their enemy was terrifying, but at the same time, they believed they had made advances big enough to allow them to accomplish what no Volgrim world had done before.

When the Kolvaxians ripped across Maiura, that fear intensified, but then it eventually settled back down. A hundred thousand civilians and soldiers died, but eventually the rest evacuated, leaving only the bunch remaining inside Fort Adams' confines. With no more weaklings to pick off, humanity's losses steeply fell, and their soldiers started pushing back.

Over the course of the next two hours, the humans began killing the Kolvaxians en-masse.

It was too easy.

Sure, only their Champions could effectively kill the creatures at first, but then the Warframes arrived and began laying down suppressive fire that could match those Champions. And with that, the soldiers' confidence surged!

They could win this war. Even if it took longer than they originally expected, they would kill all the Kolvaxians and take their planet back.

That victorious feeling did not last.

The Kolvaxians had only initiated the war with their weakest, slowest, dumbest soldiers.

The worst had yet to arrive.

...

Kolvaxor Sartran and Kolvaxor Huron surround Executor Riley on her right and left. She ducks, dodges, and weaves, trying to attack them with compressed Psionic Bullets, but as expected, her attacks do absolutely nothing to Huron and barely manage to make Sartran flinch.

Her expression chills. [The Kolvaxors are beyond our projections! All Executors, join me!]

Within two seconds, Executors Sartran, Huron, Vi, and Divinator Fellrun all flicker into position, surrounding the Kolvaxors from all four sides, forming a second ring around Riley at the center.

[False 'me', your time to die has arrived!] Huron declares, his eyes flashing with ambition. He pounces at his Kolvax-clone and hurls a punch at it capable of obliterating mountains.

But before his strike can meet its mark, the Kolvaxor instantly spins around and sends a kick flying that bats aside Huron's arm and slams into his shoulder, blasting him into the distance and firing him like a cannonball.

Huron screams in shock as his body careens helplessly, crashing into a distant mountain peak until he embeds half a mile into its core.

That abrupt reversal of his attack sends a pang of fear through the minds of the other Executors.

[Impossible! Huron has always been able to overpower his doppelganger!] Executor Sartran exclaims in shock.

[That was before. This is now!] Riley retorts. [Things are not as they were! The body enhancement given by the human's comrade applied to all the Kolvaxians, including Huron's copy. That means it now occupies a body even more invincible than Huron himself!]

The other Executors feel a surge of fear jolt their minds. How can they not, given this horrifying revelation?

In the past, if they fought a Kolvaxor, they could be assured they were fighting an inferior version of themselves. Sartran's Kolvax-clone would wipe the floor with any 7th-Level Psion, but with his inferior display of Psionics, he would have no chance against the original Sartran.

But now, his doppelganger's body is on par with Huron, and Huron's clone is two times stronger than his original self! That means they aren't fighting inferior clones anymore, but unique monsters with bodies that will not be killable in a short period of time!

Huron himself erupts from the mountain, tearing out of its confines while entirely uninjured. He flickers across the sky and returns to his Kolvax-copy with a fist raised, and the copy meets his punch with a fist of its own. The two of them erupt into battle, and this time it is Huron who has to proactively dodge and change up his fighting style so that he can outmaneuver his slightly dumber doppelganger.

[Vi, Riley! Help Huron!] Sartran himself says. [Fellrun and I will tackle my copy.]

The two female Executors nod. They jump away, hoping to assist Huron in at least pinning down his insanely powerful copy while only leaving two Executors to handle Sartran's clone.

Strangely, Kolvaxor Sartran appears at ease, watching silently with its arms crossed as the three Executors battle its lone comrade. Sartran himself growls angrily at his clone, narrowing his eyes as he meets its faceless gaze.

[I've killed you a thousand times, fiend.] Sartran hisses. [Even if your body is stronger, your powers are inferior! You're nothing compared to me!]

The Kolvaxor doesn't respond. It radiates a smug sense of superiority, making it seem as though Sartran's words were nothing more than childish taunts.

Abruptly it vanishes and teleports right in front of Divinator Fellrun, conjuring a powerful orb of lightning in its right hand and a hyper-condensed blob of water in its left.

Just as it snaps its hand forward to attack Fellrun, the Divinator dodges nimbly, predicting the Kolvaxor's movement with his precognitive abilities. It uses water to enhance its lightning's conductive effects, but the attack fires off into the distance, sailing into the horizon uselessly.

_CRACKLE!_

Sartran himself blasts his clone with a much faster bolt of 8th Level lightning, slightly scarring its skin and knocking it away, but otherwise leaving it unharmed.

His expression dims.

Any time the two of them fought in the past, Sartran would have crushed his clone with ease. But now, his clone's 7th Level lightning hurts him about as little as his 8th Level lightning hurts the Kolvaxor. His strengthened abilities are offset by the Kolvaxor's greatly enhanced body, and vice-versa.

The difference is, his clone can afford to fight from afar, or draw in and battle up close. Sartran is not nearly as adept in melee combat, so he absolutely must keep his distance or he'll die before he has a chance to react!

Perhaps sensing this, Kolvaxor Sartran lunges at its Executor-self, summoning a sword made of lightning to slash at him.

But then, Divinator Fellrun appears between the two, a smug look twinkling in his eyes.

[You'll have to get through me first, fiend.]

Fellrun lightly waves his hand. Instantly, a twelve-foot long spear materializes in his grasp, one which radiates an aura of exotic power. This highly durable weapon is crafted from none other than Living Moldanium, the strongest material possessed by the Volgrim Empire!

He spins the spear around his body, instantly making it burst with an oppressive speed and momentum beyond what any mortal could comprehend, and then he snaps the tip of the spear at Kolvaxor Sartran's body.

_THUNK!_

It impacts the Kolvaxor like a train crashing into a car. The Kolvaxor proves unable to dodge Fellrun's attack and goes flying into the distance, smashing into the planet's surface and skipping across the soil like a rock across a pond's surface.

None of the Executors are truly weak. And among them, Fellrun is considered the third-strongest. His body might not be the most powerful, and his control over Psionics is certainly inferior to the likes of Sartran, Riley, and Nufaris, but he has a merit none of the others do.

Fellrun is a battle maniac!

In 700,000 years, he has never taken a vacation. He has always trained, day in and day out, mastering every weapon he can get his hands on.

He has traveled from world to world, learning from every species in the Milky Way, and even species beyond, all in order to master their fighting forms.

If Buddha is known as the Combat God of Humanity, then Fellrun is the Combat God of the Volgrim. He can use any fighting style, switching between them with fluidic grace. He can wield any weapon, be it mundane or technological.

And that is hardly the full extent of his powers.

Fellrun casually turns his head to the side. His body bends at the exact moment Kolvaxor Sartran reappears and slashes his electric sword at him. Fellrun evades the attack an instant before it actually occurs, weaponizing another one of his formidable and unique talents, an ability that presently makes him the only non-Executor among his fellow 8th Level Psions.

Precognition!

Fellrun does not need to deliberately peer into the future. At all times, he possesses an active sense of future events a few seconds in advance. He can peer into multiple future realities, in a manner not dissimilar to Confessor Vulpanix. Unlike her, he does not use this power to summon copies of himself from multiple possible realities, but instead to divine the potential attack vectors of his enemies.

This multiplies his combat strength!

Kolvaxor Sartran's attack whiffs harmlessly to Fellrun's side. The Divinator revolves his spear around his body and delivers a brutal blow with the heavy butt-end of it to Sartran's head, sending the monster reeling to the side.

Executor Sartran himself ends up watching, metaphorically slack-jawed, as his senior easily bests this repulsive clone single-handedly!

Among the six 8th Level Psions, there is a commonly understood hierarchy of power.

Executor Vi, the weakest, 750,000 years old.

Executor Riley, the second weakest, 645,000 years old.

Executor Sartran, the third weakest, 800,000 years old.

Divinator Fellrun, the third strongest, 1,000,000 years old.

Executor Huron, the second strongest, 750,000 years old.

And finally...

Executor Nufaris, the strongest of them all, just 150,000 years old.

Before the Kolvaxians appeared, before the Energy Wars on Earth, before Nufaris arrived on the scene, these rankings were a little different.

Fellrun was considered the strongest Executor!

Huron was barely considered beneath him.

Naturally, these rankings changed over time. Vi and Riley might be considered the weakest, but they were still planet-crushers in their own right if the need was great enough. Vi could defeat Fellrun in combat under the right circumstances.

But before mass-slaughter and planetary annihilation of weak but infinitely numerous Kolvaxians became the most important metric for strength, solo combat skills were the most important measure for the Executors.

And not one of the 8th Level Psions could hold a candle to Divinator Fellrun.

Even today, that statement still holds true.

Kolvaxor Sartran tries, again and again, to evade Fellrun, to bypass him, to attack from a tricky angle, and to do anything it can to reach the much weaker and easier to kill Executor Sartran hiding behind his superior.

But unfortunately, before the Volgrim's God of Combat, no trick is enough to evade him.

[Weak. Too weak.] Fellrun sneers, ducking to avoid another blast of electricity, then stabbing his spear into the Kolvaxor's belly. He cuts open a shallow wound, but it doesn't go deep enough to cause a grievous injury.

Fellrun seemingly toys with the monster, beating and battering it with the ease of a trained soldier smacking around a child. Each attack jars the Kolvaxor's senses, making its vision tremble when the heavy end of the spear blasts the side of its head and rattles its brain, or when Fellrun shoves the tip into the spot where its eyes should be and splits its skull.

But it just doesn't matter.

Fellrun can't kill the creature!

Ordinary Kolvaxians would end up cut down by the Divinator like wheat by the chaff. But these superior Kolvaxors have greatly enhanced combat capabilities as a result of their 7th Level Psionic abilities. They are much hardier and can deflect or block blows that would kill their weaker siblings.

[Bah!] Fellrun growls. [It's like bashing a hunk of metal from left to right! This creature is so hard to kill, yet utterly non-threatening!]

Suddenly, his eyes flicker. Fellrun dodges to the side, bending his body in an odd manner right as Kolvaxor Huron appears and punches the spot where he levitated only an instant before. Fellrun smashes his spear into Huron's head, but the Kolvaxor barely even twitches from the impact.

Fellrun senses a grave threat to his life. He activates his psionic power, doubling the flow of time around his body-space, and then immediately flickers away, evading the next attack by Kolvaxor Sartran.

The Divinator is not only a god of combat and a prophet of the immediate future, but also an accomplished Temporal Manipulator!

His ability to alter the flow of time at the highest levels is not something even Founder Dosena can achieve; an accomplishment belonging entirely to himself. He is hundreds of thousands of years older than some of the other Executors, and he has put those millennia to good use by mastering many different branches of Psionics.

[Apologies!] Executor Vi exclaims. [Huron's Kolvax-clone is too hard to pin-down! We can't hurt it at all!]

[At all?] Fellrun asks, troubled. The two Kolvaxors attack him from the left and right, alternating between blasts of lightning and planet-busting punches and kicks while he gracefully dodges and predicts their attacks.

Unfortunately, while Fellrun's agility and combat senses are leagues beyond his opponents, his endurance is not. His body is fairly strong, more so than most of the other Executors, but still far weaker than Huron's. If one of the Kolvaxors lands a decisive blow, Fellrun will suffer a terrible and grievous injury that might even kill him on the spot! Especially Kolvaxor Huron, whose strength is far beyond the original body.

[Not even a little!] Executor Huron roars, feeling aggrieved in his heart. [Those stupid mud-dwellers! I've spent so many cycles pursuing an indestructible body but the fools HANDED it to my Kolvax-clone! This is a grievance I will never forgive!]

Executor Riley summons phantasms to attack Huron's clone. The Kolvaxor completely ignores the fetid phantoms, even when they travel inside the monster's body and wreak havoc. It turns out her abilities can barely even injure the Kolvaxor's internal organs, and they can't do anything to its empowered bones, muscles, and skin!

Vi's compressed Psionic Bullets ricochet harmlessly off Kolvaxor Huron's body. No matter how much she compresses, sharpens, or hardens her bullets before firing, she ends up feeling as if she were flinging plastic pellets at a wall of ten-foot-thick steel.

[What insanity!] Riley cries. [This monster is strong! Way too strong!]

[We can't defeat it, only slow it down or trap it.] Vi analyzes. [Perhaps if Founder Dosena were here, she might...]

[The Second Founder must protect the homeworld.] Sartran counters. [There are five of us and only two Kolvaxors. We can still win!]

Sartran's words fall on deaf minds. By now, even the mighty Huron has begun to believe they cannot defeat the Kolvaxors. Even if they somehow, miraculously, manage to kill the two of them, the Kolvaxors will simply regenerate and reappear in the future!

Without any recourse to take but battling to the death, the five Executors attack the pair of Kolvaxors with a vicious fury.

Ten minutes pass, then a full hour.

In the skies above the human forces, the storm of cosmic-level attacks causes tens of shockwaves to radiate outward, deafening anyone within earshot and often causing internal injuries to the ordinary humans fighting on the Eastern Front. Even their T-REX suits don't shield them from the mere after-effects of the Executor's battle.

Lightning crackles. Fists smash against one another. A spear ignites the air as it heats up due to the friction of whirling around Fellrun's body.

The Executors battle for their lives, sometimes trying to pin Kolvaxor Huron down, other times trying to kill Kolvaxor Sartran.

Eventually, Fellrun takes a big risk. He splits off from the other four and directly battles Kolvaxor Huron while shouting to his comrades, [Kill Kolvaxor Sartran! No matter what! Kill it! I will hold off this one for as long as I can!]

Fellrun doesn't wait for a response. He initiates a brutal series of speedy attacks, spinning his lance around his body with ever increasing speed and ferocity. Every second, he strikes one of Kolvaxor Huron's limbs, his head, his chest, and even his back three to five times. He becomes a living hurricane as he greatly overpowers Huron's brute strength with speed and technique!

At the same time, Executors Vi, Riley, and Huron pin down Kolvaxor Sartran. The Kolvaxian tries repeatedly to break free of the encirclement, but Huron batters him around while Vi pins him in place with her Psionic Bullets, dealing light to moderate damage but mainly focusing on crippling his movements. Riley ends up dealing the most damage with her phantasms, while Sartran himself stays back and begins to charge up an incredibly powerful orb of psionic lightning.

Several seconds pass, and then a full minute. Perhaps having learned a minor trick from Beelzebub, Sartran condenses the power of his lightning orb as much as possible, continuously pumping his psionic power into the orb while forcing its increasingly explosive energy to remain contained in the smallest space possible.

_Kzzaaat! Kzzzzaat!!_

High pitched screams erupt continuously from the lightning orb. It increases its revolution speed, becoming hotter and hotter as more furious energies spiral inside its core.

Finally, Sartran lunges at his Kolvax clone. A single command from him causes the other three Executors to lash out and grab the Kolvaxor, holding it down so it can't escape the inevitable.

Right as Sartran starts to press the thermonuclear lightning orb into his doppelganger's chest...

_Foop!_

It vanishes!

[No!] Sartran screams, his eyes shooting open in horror.

_BOOOOM!!!_

The orb explodes with all its expected power, blasting the four Executors away and sending them hurtling in four different directions.

Thousands of bolts of lightning fire in every direction at random. Many of them crash into Mount Adams, striking the Wordsmithium walls and instantly killing the majority of guards stationed along the top of those walls. Plenty of other bolts fire at the ground a mile below, killing hundreds of human troopers, blowing apart Warframes, and sending thunderous explosions outward wherever the rest of the bolts strike.

In an instant, Sartran's attack kills more than thirty thousand humans and monsters, badly cripples tens of thousands more, and leaves just as many reeling on the ground, stunned or unconscious.

Sartran himself coughs as blood flows from burns all over his body. The sheer aftermath of the attack would have been fine if it had detonated inside the body of such a formidable Kolvaxor, but instead, it detonated in the open air, causing him horrific injuries.

[No... how... how could it...?] Sartran wonders, his head reeling.

His blurry vision clear up after a few moments. He spots Executor Huron locked in deadly combat with two foes, and those two enemies send a chill down Sartran's spine.

As before, Divinator Fellrun battles Kolvaxor Huron. But now, Executor Huron battles Kolvaxor Sartran...

...and Kolvaxor Nufaris.

The final of the Kolvaxor trio reveals itself, its faceless head providing no clue as to the emotions it might be feeling, if it indeed experiences any at all.

[Dammit!] Executor Sartran exclaims, glancing around to see that Executors Vi and Riley managed to survive the explosion in better condition than him. [That tricky Nufaris-clone! It teleported my copy away right before I could land my attack! BASTARD!]

As angry and aggrieved as Sartran feels, a deeper sense of fear inevitably swallows his heart.

In the past, these three Kolvaxors could barely amount to two Executors when it came to their combat potential.

But now, each Kolvaxor is worth two Executors on their own. They not only possess a formidable arsenal of Psionic powers, but all of them have bodies on par with or beyond Executor Huron.

The Kolvaxors are not easy to defeat anymore. In fact, they are more difficult than the Executors themselves!

One on one, not a single Executor believes they can reliably defeat or kill their doppelgangers after Artoria's bodily empowerment occurred.

[The five of us are outmatched.] Sartran thinks. [We will need Executor Nufaris's help to level the playing field. Even then, the Plague only needs to take down one of us to win completely. Once they have a fourth Executor's body to play with, we'll never win a battle again!]

Sartran levitates off the ground. He transmits a command to his subordinate.

[Creator Demila. Inform the humans that they MUST evacuate Maiura. This world is lost. We cannot hold back the enemies for long.]

Demila's reply is brief but succinct.

[I contemplate, and I comprehend.]

Demila, still levitating above Mount Adams by herself, smiles with eyes full of malice and ill-intent.

The finale has arrived.