If they were to travel in a straight line, Jason and Amelia might only be a few miles from his cryopod room. Sadly, the Labyrinth was a twisted maze of right and left turns, heading up and down in many random directions. After two hours of walking, Jason and Amelia took yet another nonsensical right turn, then a left.

The little girl stopped in front of a crossing where the path split. She paused for barely two seconds before quickly spinning to face left. "This way!"

Silently, Jason pulled up his mental map and charted a course to the intended room. They were walking in the wrong direction.

"Uh, I don't want to spoil the mood, but we should go right."

Amelia puffed up her cheeks again. "I know this Labyrinth like the back of my hand. You've barely been here for two days! Just follow me, and we'll get to your pod in no time."

Before he could offer a protest, she immediately headed left.

Hoarhiim appeared in Jason's mind. Based on how translucent he sometimes appeared, he had learned to tell when he was projecting himself to him, but not Amelia or Blaarjiim. "Give her time, Jason. Amelia may seem headstrong to you, but she was trapped in that statue for a long time. Her defeat, all those years ago, changed her somewhat. In the past, she'd have killed you the moment she met you, but her heart has softened over time."

_Comforting,_ Jason thought to himself.

They continued traveling in whatever direction Amelia pleased, and Jason sighed as the room for his Cryopod slowly moved further and further away. Soon they were five miles away, then six...

The walls began to shift around them. It didn't take long before the earthen brown texture changed to rock, and not long after that, Jason spotted dozens of little glowing bugs crawling around on the walls.

Amelia furrowed her brow. "Ugh. Maybe that last turn wasn't the best idea. Let's go back."

Jason paused to examine the hallway. "Where are we?"

She shrugged. "This is the Fairy Zone, one of several habitats for specific monsters. The place where demons hid my statue is near the center of the Labyrinth, so the further we stray from it, the sooner we'll enter a different area."

"Mmm." Jason squinted to peer into the distance. There was plenty more light up ahead, green in color. "Why does the Labyrinth have varying biomes?"

Amelia's expression darkened. "Well, it has to do with Earth. Most demons lived on Earth at one point, but as humanity began to enter all-out war with demonkind, they also sought to exterminate the monsters of the world. Eventually, demons created the Labyrinth and brought monsters along to live in safety. Some monsters require or prefer specific habitats, so the demons sculpted certain areas of Hell for its various residents."

"Huh, neat. Why don't you let me lead for a while? Solomon's Crown gives me a mental map of the Labyrinth, so-"

She immediately held her hand up. "Solomon was an ancient hero, Jason. I don't _like_ heroes. We'll do this my way, understand?"

"But-"

"No buts!"

Defeated, Jason lowered his head. "Alright, fine, if you insist. I'm just beginning to wonder if you know the layout of this place at all. According to my mental map, you're taking us the wrong way nearly every time."

Amelia flinched. "I am? You're lying."

Blaarjiim appeared in both of their minds. "My queen, I did not wish to say anything, but the mortal is correct. I supposed you might have gotten turned around at one point, but-"

"You didn't say anything?! Oh geez, Blaarjiim! Now I look like an idiot!" She hollered at the black orb for a moment while Hoarhiim and Jason stared at each other awkwardly. Finally, looking more flustered than before, Amelia jerked her head up to him. "Okay! Fine! I admit it! I have no idea where I'm going! It's not like it's my fault! This stupid Labyrinth shifts pathways and moves walls around. I'm a little rusty from being out of the loop."

"Yeah," Jason muttered. "Look, just follow me, and I'll use my mental map, okay?"

Amelia crossed her arms and pouted. "Whatever."

...

A few minutes later, the glowing bugs became a distant memory, and they returned to the familiar barren walls from before. They walked in silence, but a growing unease at Amelia's coldness prompted Jason to speak.

"So, Amelia, you said the Labyrinth changes pathways, right?"

A nod. "Yes. Why do you ask?"

"Just making conversation. The Labyrinth is massive, maybe a thousand miles cubed in every direction, and that's only the limits of my map. What is this place? Who, or what, created it?"

His question perplexed her. Amelia scrunched up her face and frowned. "Umm, I don't know. I've always wondered about that myself. Blaarjiim?"

Hoarhiim and Blaarjiim both appeared and replied in unison. "We don't know."

Huh. A mystery. Jason glanced at his map and turned right when a branch in the hallway came up. His stomach turned into a galloping horse as they rounded the corner and arrived face-to-face with a gigantic troll. The monster's body took up most of the hallway, and its head scraped against the ceiling as it walked.

The troll glanced down at them. "Hmm? Hoo-mun? What do here?"

The monster didn't react aggressively, but his giant size sent terror down Jason's spine. His hands were big enough to wrap around Amelia and crush her into pulp. He started to move to block Amelia from his incoming attack, but she swatted his arm.

Amelia grabbed him by the hand and smiled politely at the troll. "Oh, we're sorry! Are you going this way or that?" She pointed to the right and left, and the troll nodded to the right.

"Me walk slow. Take up room. Let pass, please."

"Certainly! We weren't watching where we were going!"

Amelia pulled him back into the path they came from, and the troll ambled past them, nodded politely, and continued on his way. After he left, Amelia released his hand, and they continued their journey.

Jason breathed a sigh of relief. "My heart was pounding like crazy. That guy was huge!"

She raised an eyebrow. "What, you thought a little troll was scary? Trolls are docile for the most part. You can't judge a monster based on their looks, Jason."

Jason averted his eyes. "Yeah, well, up to this point, everything in the Labyrinth has tried to kill or eat me, including those sirens. I just assumed every monster and demon hated humans."

"Mmm, well, you're mostly right. Demons hate humans, but for them, it's more of a superiority complex involving disdain for weaklings. Monsters don't _hate_ humans, but many do love the taste of human meat."

"That's comforting."

"Right?"

Several entryways came and went, and Amelia's eyes meandered around inquisitively. Jason decided to ask another question. "So, not to pry, but, when those sirens attacked me, you called me your slave. Why?"

She blinked innocently. "Oh, you know how it is! Monsters and demons fear me, so if word gets out that you're my servant, nobody will dare to touch you."

"Why? How powerful are you for your name to cause the reactions I've seen?"

Amelia's smile faltered, but she forced enthusiasm into her voice. "Very powerful! I'll have you know that I killed Satan! He used to be the First Emperor until I ripped his soul from his body! Now no demon wants to mess with me."

"Whoa. Seriously? That's... that's insane, Amelia!" Jason gaped at her, even as a look of hesitation entered her eyes. "I don't know how powerful Satan was, but, like, his name is _Satan_! Wouldn't that make him the most powerful demon of all time? And you killed him!"

His mind erupted with the possibilities. "Satan the Devil, the great serpent, the one who tricked the first woman in the Garden of Eden. It's hard to believe he existed once. Does that mean the creator you mentioned was the one from the Bible? What about Jesus? Mary, the mother of Christ? What about-"

"Jason, stop, please." Amelia paused mid-stride and came to a halt. Her breath caught in her throat. "Can we change the subject? I didn't kill Satan because of some moral obligation, or because I was trying to save the world. I had my reasons, and I don't like to remember them."

It occurred to him that he had been babbling without considering her feelings. His lips moved, but his brain wasn't keeping up.

Blaarjiim crossed his arms. "Satan hurt my queen. He took someone precious from her, and now she can never see them again. Please show restraint for once."

"Sorry. I didn't mean to dredge up bad memories."

They continued in silence for a very long time. Jason walked slightly ahead of Amelia, leading the way with his mental map.

Left turns became right turns. They passed various rooms, including one where he could hear orcs laughing in the distance, bashing something squishy with blunt objects. A male voice screamed in agony. Jason tried not to think about it.

At one point, a dozen imps came screaming down the hallway, their foot-tall forms and blood-red skin standing out compared to anything he'd seen before. Jason only recognized them as imps due to his knowledge of mythology.

After they passed them, Jason glanced back. None of them paid Amelia or him the slightest heed, and she ignored them as well.

"Those imps didn't even look at us. Why not?"

Amelia pulled on a strand of her long hair. "Imps are the lowest ranking demons. They're extremely unintelligent and rank lower than slaves until they grow into grunts. You're to pay them no mind since they have no status. Most imps are considered lower than humans on a hierarchal basis."

"What do you mean by 'lowest ranking?'"

Hoarhiim appeared once again. "I can answer that, Jason. Compared to the other sentient species, demons are the most meritocratic. All demons were born weak and defenseless and must fight to improve their status. If a demon gained enough power, they can mutate into a new form, which typically varies based on their personality. The various classes of demons are known as Imps, Grunts, Lords, Barons, Dukes, and Emperors. Each rank is monolithically more powerful than those preceding."

Jason nodded along to his explanation. Suddenly, the realization of Hoarhiim's words hit him. "Wait, but didn't Amelia kill Satan?! You said he was the First Emperor!"

Grunting, Blaarjiim narrowed his eyes. "Yes, good, you fit the puzzle pieces together. However, let's not bring up that mess again."

"Right, sorry."

...

An hour passed, and finally, they arrived in a room Jason could at last call familiar. Two massive doors rose into the air. He recognized them as the doors he had seen while first fleeing that statue monster.

"We're close. My Cryopod room should be at the end of the hall."

Amelia yawned. "Oh, good. I'm feeling a little sleepy from all this walking. The Labyrinth could use an interior decorator, too. I get all turned around since everything looks the same!"

_That's the point of a Labyrinth,_ Jason thought to himself.

They started walking down the hall, and sooner than Jason expected, they arrived at a familiar door. It was wide open, and a shiver went down his spine.

_It's the statue room. The statue isn't there._ Jason thought.

There was another door on the opposite wall. Based on his mental map's blinking indicator, his Cryopod was just inside.

Amelia turned to look at him. "Why are you trembling?"

"Unpleasant memories. Let's get this over with."

Now that he was here, Jason suddenly realized he didn't want to do this at all. The terror of fleeing this room was fresh in his mind. He had no idea where he was or what he was up against, and in fact, things were worse than he expected. It wasn't just a statue, but possibly a powerful demon chasing after him. It quite literally wanted to devour him.

Amelia, without any hesitation, walked into the statue room and looked around. "Huh. Neat."

"What is?"

Jason followed her eyes as he entered. She gazed up at the square hole in the ceiling. He could feel a faint gust of air coming from it.

"Dunno. I've never seen a hole like that before."

Behind him, a shifting of air made Jason's body flinch.

A voice spoke up.

"Well, well, well. If it isn't the Black Witch."

Jason pivoted on his heel and jumped back in terror as he spotted two demons standing behind him! He hadn't a clue how they had snuck up on him, but based on their sizes, they must have been powerful!

The first demon was an old man. Standing perhaps an inch shorter than him, at 6'1", he appeared to be the one who first spoke. The old man leaned on a walking cane with a glowing blue orb at its top. His clothes were little more than plain black robes, and his grey hair was stringy and neck-length, resembling a mop. Despite his appearance, he held himself up with a certain regality, as though he was someone of significant standing among demons.

Beside him was a second demon, a younger, taller male who seemed to be around thirty years old, though his age was probably much higher than that. The younger one wore a perfectly ironed and tailored black suit, and a yellow undershirt that stood out, contrasting with the rest of his appearance and drawing Jason's eyes to his chest. It looked like a suit he'd expect someone in the Italian Mob to wear. His slicked-down black hair and overall appearance gave him the aura of someone in control, someone who valued appearance above all else.

Both of them had deep red eyes and skin, two horns protruding through their hair, and pointy ears exactly like the imps he had seen before. The younger demon's horns, however, were much smaller than his senior's.

The older demon ignored Jason's fearful reaction, and both of them set their eyes only on Amelia. "Black Witch, I'm talking to you."

Jason quickly turned to Amelia, only to be puzzled by the look on her face. Her expression was that of a deer caught in the headlights. It almost seemed as though she was having a panic attack, as her lip quivered and her body trembled. Just as he started to wonder what had her on edge, she quickly straightened up, and her usual smile roared back.

"Oh my GOSH! Agares! You startled me! Don't sneak up on us like that!" She lunged forward, arms outspread as if to hug the old man, but both demons quickly took a step back, and the old man, apparently named Agares, lunged his hand forward to stop her movement. He palmed her forehead and lightly deflected her momentum just enough that her attempt to hug him failed, but he appeared fearful of using too much physical contact.

"Let's not be _too_ friendly, B-Black Witch." Agares gulped. A bead of sweat glided down his face. "It's been a long time since you roamed these halls like the fearsome predator you are."

Amelia glared daggers up at him and crossed her arms. "Oh, phooey! That's no way to talk to a friend."

"Friend?" The younger demon shot a look of concern at Agares. "Since when were you friends with the Black Witch?"

"Quiet, Beelzebub." Agares smoothed his robes with his free hand. "Black Witch, it seems you've managed to escape your prison. I've heard about the carnage already following in your wake. The Council demands to know what your intentions are."

Amelia slipped back over to Jason's side and rolled her eyes. "Council, shmouncil. Were you always this cold, grandpa? I thought we had a _special_ relationship. Why aren't you calling me by my name? Afraid you'll look bad in front of that cute trainee?"

Agares shifted his foot and glanced at Jason for a second before returning to Amelia. "Evasive as always, I see. Please, _Amelia_, answer the question. Now that you've loosed yourself upon the Labyrinth, what horrors await us?"

Amelia waved her hand nonchalantly at the old man. "Oh geez, I haven't done anything wrong yet. Let's cut the interrogation and catch up! I'm dying to know what's changed while I was asleep!" She paused to crinkle her nose.

The old man sighed slowly. "More than you might think. For example, we have a new First Emperor. It took a while, but after Joan put you to rest, we learned-"

Before Agares could finish his sentence, Amelia jerked her palm up, silencing him. Jason glanced down and noticed the smile on her face had cracked, and now had a maniacal edge to it. "What did you say? Did you just use... _her_ name in front of me?"

Blaarjiim shook his head slowly, and muttered under his breath, "Oh, lord. Agares pushed the Joan button."

"Shouldn't have done that," Hoarhiim added.

Agares swallowed audibly. "Well, ah, I didn't realize you were still... _sore_. I apologize."

Amelia ground her teeth together, creating an unpleasant sound that made Jason's eye twitch. "You think an apology will save you? Don't you dare mention her name in front of me. I'll tear you apart, you worthless wrinkled _blood-skin_."

The way she bit off the last word, as well as the look of disdain on Beelzebub's face, told him it was a slur that demons despised.

Beelzebub took a step forward. "The nerve. Duke of Reptiles, give the order, and I'll burn her to a crisp. You won't be able to scrape what's left off the floor."

Agares reached his hand out to block his junior. "No, Beelzebub. She's the one who slew Emperor Satan. You haven't a chance. Besides, she's immune to fire."

"Listen to grandpa, Skippy," Amelia said, biting her words off. "I don't want to hurt a pretty face like yours."

The four of them stared at each other for several long seconds. Amelia and Agares locked their gazes, but he was the one to back down. "Devils. I'm too old for this. Amelia, I am sorry. I did not mean to offend you. Please accept my apology."

He bowed his head slightly, but also reached behind Beelzebub and forced the younger demon's head down. Beelzebub didn't appear thrilled but also didn't resist his mentor's command.

Amelia exhaled, then composed herself. "Fine, whatever. It's not like I cared or anything, idiot. I'll answer your question from earlier. My goal is to find the one who locked me away and pay her back in full. I couldn't care less about demons unless they get in my way. Is that answer suitable?"

Agares raised his head. The sweat on his face was more pronounced than before. "Oh... you wish to- to find her? Ah... that will be a problem."

"A problem? How so?" Amelia smiled politely again, but her expression wielded an edge like the side of a knife.

"Well, you see... the one who imprisoned you, Joan... She died."

Amelia paled. "What?! Died?! How? When?"

Agares flicked his eyes to his junior. "I'm sorry, Amelia. After her battle with you, she lacked the energy to continue living. We're not sure what happened, but at some point, she vanished off the radar. We don't know where she died, only that the Oracles couldn't sense her life force anymore."

Amelia nodded, and Jason noticed her jaw quivering. "O-oh. I see. So, then, if she's gone... I have..."

"No goal? No plans? Yes, I'd imagine that to be the case." Agares reached up and loosened his collar. He appeared very concerned about her going on a rampage. "Perhaps you should take a vacation. There are plenty of souls worth reaping outside of the Labyrinth's confines. Despite how powerful you are, the Council has made it clear that if you continue your past ways, they will assemble to stop you. That includes me, and I'm not keen to die just yet."

Amelia nodded, but it was almost as if she couldn't hear him. Her eyes were unfocused. She looked at his chest, and not at his eyes. "I see."

Beelzebub noticed her shift and smirked. "Perhaps you've overestimated her, Duke of Reptiles. I can't see any reason a monster like her would travel with an aesthetically disadvantaged human such as this one." He gestured at Jason and looked away coyly.

Jason frowned. "Hey! Are you calling me ugly?"

Beelzebub twisted his face into a facade of mock indignation. "Devils, no! I would never pass judgment on someone's appearance. I'm merely noting a fact."

Agares chortled. "Now now, Beelzebub. Let's not be rude to the scrawny one. I am curious though, Black Witch, who is this boy? Why does he hold the orb of light? I thought you wielded both."

Amelia didn't miss a beat. "He's holding it for me. Besides, I hardly need the power of both orbs to handle the likes of some wrinkled old demons or a few hundred monsters."

"Are you threatening us?" Agares moved his cane forward as if to put up a weak barrier between himself and Amelia. "I'm an ancient old man, now. I hardly have the strength to fight an energetic young thing like yourself."

Amelia sighed. "I'm not going to attack demons, okay? If demons die, it'll be because they thought I was an easy target. You'd best warn them to give me a wide berth."

"Fair enough," Agares said. "I must say though, what you did to the Riders of Sheol was gruesome. By the time we investigated their disappearance, the bodies had nearly turned to ash. I was not aware that flame manipulation was one of your powers."

Beelzebub bristled at Agares' observation. "Yes, do tell, Black Witch. I am considered the foremost expert on flame manipulation and possess the title 'Lord of Fire,' but even I could not have unleashed such raw, devastating power upon that room. How did you do it?"

Amelia's smile weakened. It occurred to Jason that he should let her do the talking here. He didn't want the demons to lock their sights on him. "Oh, those nasty orcs? They attacked me, so I retaliated. As you can imagine, I was in quite a bad mood once I escaped that damned statue. Perhaps if you had released me sooner, they might still walk the realm of the living."

Her words carried a threat with them, and Agares didn't miss it. "I understand. We'll let it slide, just this once. They were only monsters, after all. Had they been demons, we might have had something to say."

Agares's shoulders relaxed slightly, but Beelzebub slowly turned to eyeball Jason, and his eyes rose to the Crown on his head. "Black Witch, you didn't answer my mentor's question. Why is this human with you? I doubt you've left him alive for conversation's sake, and that treasure on his head looks quite valuable."

Amelia stiffened. She didn't want them to know about his Wordsmithing just yet, or at least that was the impression she'd given him so far. However, she laughed suddenly, her voice lilting cutely. "Why, this one here is a mighty warrior! I procured him from a human settlement, and now he serves as my bodyguard! Do you want to face him in combat, Beelzebub? Perhaps you'd prefer-"

The old man cut her off. "Aye, aye. Enough of those lies. The only human strong enough to be a bodyguard for you would be a Hero, and you're certainly not one to ally with them. If you're keeping him around for a snack, just say so. Seven Hells. Beelzebub, come. I've heard enough."

The younger one didn't look as convinced as his senior, but he didn't offer a retort. "Take care, then, humans. And for you, boy, don't worry about your face. All humans have the same malady afflicting their looks. You aren't special."

_If you say so, Blood-skin,_ Jason wanted to say. Instead, he stuck his tongue out at him. It probably just made him look ridiculous.

The two demons turned and walked out the door. Eventually, they faded from their sight. Jason and Amelia stared silently for several minutes before Jason finally released the breath he had been holding.

"That was tense. I'm impressed though, Amelia. You even have Dukes like Agares running scared."

Amelia didn't reply. Glancing down, Jason noticed she was still staring at their afterimages. Her body began to tremble.

"Amelia? Are you okay?"

Her lip trembled. "I... I..."

"Is something wrong?"

Slowly, the little girl knelt down, wrapped her arms around her legs, and rested her head on her knee. She started rocking back and forth, and a tear squeezed out. "I was... I was terrified, Jason."

_What the hell? Did I miss something?_ Jason thought.

Jason crouched down slightly to get on her level. Standing over a crying girl made him uncomfortable. "What do you mean? Why were you scared?"

She took a breath, but her throat caught. "Jason... I'm not- I'm not what they think. I'm not the... the Black Witch anymore. I can't be. I'm not." She leaned toward him and rested her shoulder against his side. "Joan's dead... she's dead. I can't even get revenge. After what she did to me, I can't even..."

Now Jason was beyond confused. Amelia seemed scared of something, but also angry, and a bunch of other emotions he couldn't piece together. He wasn't an emotional guy, and understanding a woman's heart was way out of his league, especially when he barely knew her at all.

Blaarjiim appeared, but he only transmitted himself to Jason's mind. "Jason, after you used your fire spell and Amelia knocked you out to disable your magic, she put you to rest while she and I left to do some training. We took the time to evaluate our power levels. All I can say is that the might my queen once possessed has dropped off dramatically. She probably lacks the fighting power to fend off a Lord, let alone a Duke, Emperor, or the entirety of the Council."

"What? Are you serious?" Jason asked.

He nodded. "Very. Right now, the only reason the demons haven't torn my queen apart is due to their ancient dread of her power. They don't know how weak she presently is. However, she killed Satan, the First Emperor of their kind. If the Demon Council members were to learn of my lady's paltry energy levels, they'd tear her to pieces, and you as well. Notoriety is her only ally, and if it fades, we're all doomed."

The realization of the situation dawned on Jason, bringing an ache to his chest. _What if I'd pissed Beelzebub off and he attacked me? We could have died. He was only a Lord, but he could have eviscerated us, to say nothing of the Duke of Reptiles._ Jason thought.

"Amelia, why are you weaker, now? Did sitting in the statue rot your muscles or something?"

She wiped her eyes, and rose to a standing position, having shaken off her earlier anguish. "It's... it's not like that. Jason, I think I need to be honest, now. The one who I fought in the past- her name was Joan. _Joan of Arc._ She was a legendary Hero, one whose power towered toward the heavens. She defeated me soundly, but instead of killing me, chose to lock me inside that statue with her magic."

"Joan of Arc? No way." Jason's eyes shifted a little as memories of books from his childhood appeared in his mind.

_Jeanne d'Arc, a warrior woman born during the 1400's in France. She was nicknamed the Battle Maiden, the Maid of Orleans, and led many skirmishes against the English. At some point, she was captured, tortured, interrogated, and burned at the stake under the pretense of witchcraft, among other charges._

His memory was a little spotty, but he remembered the basics. Could Amelia have somehow fought her? Impossible. The Church executed Joan at the tender young age of nineteen. There wasn't a chance Amelia battled her, given Joan's life was over in the blink of an eye.

Yeah, it must have been someone else: a copycat, or someone with the same name.

Amelia shuddered. "I don't like to think about it, Jason. After battling Satan, I felt invincible. The demons shrank back in fear everywhere I walked. Earth was long-since dead, and none dared challenge me. I was neither happy nor sad, but merely content to go about my life, especially once I found Blaarjiim."

She continued. "It was then that I encountered Joan. I chanced upon a relic hidden in the Labyrinth. I don't know who put it there, but it caught my eye. When I touched it, _she_ appeared. The Hero sprang from the weapon and declared me a servant of evil. She began fighting me, and I quickly realized her Holy Energy was unlike anything I'd fought before. Joan-"

Amelia stopped mid-sentence and clutched her chest. "No, no, I don't want to talk about it. It was too awful. I couldn't defend myself, I couldn't flee, and she wouldn't even let me beg for mercy. She was a heartless, vicious monster."

Jason listened in silence, but Amelia trailed off and didn't continue. "I see. For a 'Hero,' she sounds despicable. I'm sorry you had to suffer through that. Perhaps she believed herself an agent of justice, but over time, she became a killing machine."

To his surprise, Amelia reached out and wrapped her arms around him, then buried her head in his chest. "You believe me, don't you? She was awful. She hurt me in ways that would make you shudder. I didn't deserve that! I'm a good girl!"

Amelia's sudden closeness startled Jason. He wasn't used to anyone suddenly touching him, so he cautiously wrapped his arms around her and nodded. "Yeah. A good girl, that's right."

All the while, Jason wondered to himself how true that was. If Amelia was a 'good girl,' then why were demons terrified of her? Why was she such a powerful magician? Why did she care so little about killing and death? What about those monsters she had killed when she saved him? Would a good girl act like a violent psychopath?

Perhaps it was just self-defense. He didn't know Amelia well, or what life she'd lead. He didn't know where she came from, her desires, or much of anything about her.

He didn't know her at all.

After a minute, Amelia pulled away and lowered her eyes. "For devil's sake... I'm a mess. Sorry. I didn't mean to throw this on you all of a sudden."

"It's fine, Amelia. We're friends. Friends are there for each other when they're feeling blue, right?"

She jerked her head up. "What? Friends? We're- I mean, you think of me like a... a friend?"

"Well, yeah. Why not? I freed you, you saved my life, and now you've told me about your past and what haunts you. If we're not friends, then what are we?"

The little girl paused for a moment. "I... I don't know. I've just- well, aside from Blaarjiim, I've n-never had a friend before."

"Never? Not even once?"

Her expression darkened. "Well. Yes. Once. Satan took him from me."

Jason nodded. "Right. You did mention that before."

She smiled cutely, and while the expression was a little forced, Jason was glad to see her stop crying. He stood up and stretched his legs.

"Look, whatever happened, it's in the past. You have to look to the future, Amelia. I come from a place that I can never return. I'm here alone, just as you are. Let's stick together and help each other out. Whaddya say?"

Her smile widened. "Yes. I'd... I'd like that, Jason."

The two of them shared a moment of bliss. For the first time since Jason arrived in this Hell, he felt more than just a tenuous connection to someone. Her past didn't dictate where she was going, nor did his. They could work together and give each other a helping hand.

They weren't alone anymore.

_Tik tik tik._

From the ceiling, an odd sound caught his attention.

_Tik tik tik._

Amelia's smile vanished. His did too.

They both raised their heads to look at that square hole in the ceiling. The draft of air from before gently caressed his face, but now there was something else there.

A pair of beady eyes gazed at them from above.

_Oh fantastic, another new friend._ Jason thought.