The bonfire appeared once more. Jason materialized before the Archangels and Solomon with a hundred thoughts bubbling in his mind.

Immediately, Raphael noticed the distress on Jason's face. "What is the problem, young Hero?"

Jason stared at him for a moment, then turned his attention to Michael. "You tortured the demons. Brutally."

Michael, still sitting on the log, rolled his eyes. "Aye. Dost thee feel a sliver of compassion for them after seeing the deaths they caused? Bloodskins began the war when they turned Samael into our enemy. Valac killed dozens of angels before they had a chance to defend themselves. I posit that a little torture was more than justified."

Solomon raised his eyebrow. "You make it sound as though your barbarism didn't last long."

"The time spent matters little. Had the rat bastards opened their mouths and told me what I wished to know, I would have freed them from the world of the living much sooner."

"You would have killed them," Jason replied, correcting him. "Wow. Aren't you generous?"

Gabriel cleared his throat. "Ahem. Jason, allow me to play _devil's advocate_. My people lived in relative peace for several eons in Heaven. The imps never made any effort to voice their concerns. Instead, they turned against us, murdered one of our beloved brothers along with hundreds of cherubim, and then turned tail when we mustered a force to stop them. Our rage ran hot. 'Tis easy for thee to judge Michael for his actions from what you know of the past now, but back then, nobody could blame him. Many of us wished we could torture the survivors ourselves. Millions of my brethren felt relief at drawing and quartering the remaining imps in Heaven. I would not call thee incorrect if ye stated we should have pondered the consequences more carefully... but hindsight is 20/20, as humans say."

Jason regarded Gabriel's words for a full minute, thinking silently to himself.

"Maybe. I guess I can't apply today's morality to yesterday's society, but it's tempting. How about we call it a draw and move on?"

Michael averted his eyes. "Hmph."

Jason turned his attention to Raphael. "Cronus seemed like a decent guy. Even when Uzziel let your mana situation slip, he didn't attack."

The old man nodded. "Mmm. Cronus was a war-weary survivor of the Primordial Era. To a mortal, a million years seems an incomprehensible, vast amount of time. However, to deities like myself, time passes significantly faster. The last hundred-thousand years were a blur. If thou dids't stand in his position, the ancient wars might be like months or even days in thy eyes. 'Twas a recent memory for all of us."

Solomon rubbed his chin. "I'm only a hundred thousand years old, so I don't compare to you lot in the age department. I was technically dead for most of that time, so I'm still used to a human timescale. Anyway, I imagine the speed at which time passed is what caused your next blunder."

"What do you mean?" Jason asked, turning to Solomon. "What happened?"

Gabriel rose to his feet. The fifteen-foot tall Archangel popped his back as he stretched. "Nnn! Ahh. Well, Jason, fifty years passed in the blink of an eye. The demons-"

Solomon interrupted Gabriel. "A hundred."

"I beg thy pardon?" Gabriel glanced at Solomon in irritation. "A hundred what?"

"Years. Not fifty. A hundred years passed. Closer to a hundred and twenty, in fact."

"The exact number matters not," Gabriel said, waving Solomon's correction off. "Several dozen years passed, and the demons raided Heaven to free their comrades, seemingly out of nowhere. Their numbers had swelled to ten thousand, by that point."

"That many?" Jason crossed his arms. "I thought only a few hundred demons escaped Heaven alive. That's a huge jump to go from hundreds to thousands."

Solomon pursed his lips. "I assume you recall the vision where Leviathan gave Lucifer a special ability?"

"Sure. What about it?"

"Lucifer became instrumental in shaping the future of demonkind," Solomon said. "Before we jump a hundred and twenty years forward, I think we should detour to see the ramifications of her new powers."

Jason nodded. "No reason to skip significant events. Take it away. You're my guide to the past."

Solomon motioned to form magic signs. "So long as you think we have time, I'll show you anything you wish to see."

Before Solomon activated another vision, Jason grabbed his arm. "Wait. Hold on. I've seen tons of visions already. What time is it outside of the crown?"

"Not to worry. Since you entered my crown, only seven minutes have passed in the physical dimension."

Jason blinked. "That's all?"

"Yes. That's all."

Nodding, Jason leaned back as relief washed over him. "Wow, it feels like I've been in your crown for weeks."

"The passage of time is in the eye of the beholder," Raphael said with a wink. "In a way, thou art receiving a taste of how it moves for us as well."

"Mmm."

Jason nodded at Solomon.

"Alright. Make it so."

.........................................................................

The moment Jason arrived in the ancient past, he ended up gazing upon a horrifying, awful, disgusting sight. The overwhelming urge to retch engulfed his body. Waves of nausea passed through his stomach, traveled to his throat, and burned his nose. Satan managed to suppress his nausea before expelling anything.

"Bloody- what the devil is that?!" Satan coughed out words both he and Jason were thinking. A massive 14-foot-tall monstrosity lay inert in a cave system, nearly filling the entire area ahead of them. The wall of red flesh writhed and wriggled, while moaning to itself in pain.

Beside Satan, a woman spoke. "Beautiful, isn't she? Her former name was Mildred. I call her '_Imp Shitter_' now."

Satan turned to look at the speaker. Lucifer stood beside him, grinning from ear to ear. Her razor-sharp teeth gave her the appearance of a predator, as if she was sizing him up for her next meal. Her third eye twitched back and forth, looking from Satan to the disgusting lump of red flesh.

"Mildred? What the devil did you do to her?!" Satan balled up his fist and exhaled angrily. "She's disgusting!"

Lucifer chuckled into her palm. "Hehe, it was a shame, but she was the ideal test subject for Leviathan's powers."

"You're terrible! I can't believe you! This shit is unforgivable!"

Satan's rage boiled like a fire. His hatred churned as he prepared to lunge at Lucifer and tear her head off.

"What are you saying? Mildred is the first of many. She will save demonkind. I thought you'd be happy."

Satan paused. "F-first of many? Explain yourself, fat-tits. You've got ten seconds before I splatter you over the walls and tell the dragon to make Valac our new envoy."

Lucifer held up her palms in a mock display of fear. "Oh no, heavens, please. Surely you wouldn't attack a helpless woman. Come now, Satan. Mildred is no ordinary demoness anymore. I've adjusted her body's internal structure to be like that of an ant queen. I think she's _cute_."

Satan scoffed. "Cute? Cute?! She's a fat, blubbering swamp monster! Why is she so nasty-looking? And what's up with..."

Satan paused to lean around and stare at Mildred's rear. Her body wasn't only tall and fat, but long, too. It extended backward for nearly thirty feet, filling the tunnel with her rear extremities.

"...with THAT? It's hideous!"

Lucifer rolled her eyes. "Mildred is a new type of demon, one I designed to produce imps. She can whelp several dozen at a time. As I said, I based her body on that of an ant-queen. She's asexual and able to produce offspring without the loving touch of a male. She will quickly birth many imps for us to swell our ranks."

It took a minute, but Satan managed to settle down. He swallowed hard as he gazed at the corpulent body of what used to be an ordinary demoness. The uneasiness in his stomach didn't go away, but he seemed to accept it. "Fine. She shits out imps. Still, why's she gotta look so disgusting? Mildred had a pretty nice body, before."

Lucifer feigned ignorance. "Oh, that's how Leviathan's power works. If you want an army to rival the Archangels, you'll have to make a few sacrifices."

"Yeah? Don't play stupid. You knew I fancied Mildred. You picked her to piss me off, didn't you? Stupid bitch. From now on, pick the ugly women first."

Mildred's glazed eyes opened for a moment. "S... Sa... Sat... an... hur... ts..."

Lucifer ignored Mildred's weeping. Instead, she rubbed her chin. "Hmm. What should I call this creature? An imp-queen? No. Too regal for a spawn-spitting sow. Perhaps I could call her a 'bloody mother.' No, that reminds me of the insults the angels foist upon us. I'll have to give the matter some thought."

Satan turned away and shook his head. "Call her what you will. In the future, tell me what disgusting experiments you'll be doing. That's an order."

Lucifer flinched. "Tch. Bossing me around won't win you any favors, even if your contract forces me to obey. You had better start giving me the respect I deserve."

"After butchering a perfectly good dame, the only thing you deserve is a visit to Leviathan's stomach," Satan quipped.

Turning to walk away, Satan called out, "Remember! I want advance knowledge of whatever you're up to! No more surprises, Lucy!"

Her voice hissed at his back. "It's Lucifer! Not Lucy!"

"Yeah, yeah, whatever."

...

The tunnel stretched ahead. Satan was underground somewhere, though he hadn't a clue where. Everywhere he looked, the corridor branched off in different directions, often to small rooms where various male or female demons sat around, chatted with each other, and played games involving sticks or rocks.

A sense of boredom filled the underground base. Given how big it was, a decent chunk of time must have passed since Satan last possessed Jason's body for a vision. A month? Two? Perhaps more?

Satan trudged through the hallways, ignoring the goings-on of the demons around him. Eventually, he arrived at a path that quickly sloped upward. Within a minute, he emerged through a layer of underbrush hiding the demon lair and out onto a snowy Earth. The winter was noticeably frostier than before. It was cold enough outside that Satan almost wanted to shiver, but his enhanced body withstood the winter chill. It was barely an annoyance to him.

Satan shuffled through the snow, kicking it out of the way.

"Change my babes into freaks, why don't'cha. Fuckin' Lucifer. Stupid bitch. I ain't one to hit a broad, but I oughta teach that three-eyed freak a lesson."

Satan grumbled to himself as he exited the forest cover shielding the underground demon lair. Once he stepped onto an open plain, something caught his attention. Out across the valley, close to a hundred demon grunts lined up in pairs, brawling with each other. At the front of their group, Agares stood wrapped in several animal skins. He shivered and clenched his teeth as the winds of winter whipped around him.

"D-d-do t-t-two more r-reps! S-Silko! Put y-your back into it! Goron, y-you need t-to dodge!"

Satan walked over to Agares's side. "You okay? You look like you're having trouble standing."

Agares whipped his head toward Satan. The poor young guy was shivering like a madman. "S-Satan! Oh, devils! It's s-so b-b-buh-bloody cold out here! My whole b-b-body's startin' to ache!"

Satan nodded. "Go inside, then. Cripes. I thought Valac was supposed to be training the troops today. He knows you're useless in the cold."

Agares shook his head violently. "I a-ain't seen him around. That g-guy's a real n-n-nomad. He does whatever h-h-he wants. Gah! I gotta go, boss. C-can't take this cold any longer."

Satan nodded. "Warm up, friend. There's no sense in having you turn into an ice-cube."

Agares shuffled away without another word, leaving Satan with the troops. Most of them seemed to be suffering too, but nowhere near the same extent as Agares. Having Phoebe teach Satan what she knew about demonology had been useful over the last six years. In addition to Bahamut's libraries, Phoebe also learned about demons from the Knights of the Round Table. The majority of demons were quite resistant to hot and cold weather, especially compared to humans. Solomon had explained that it was due to a bunch of biochemical processes that heated their blood during the winter and expelled heat during the summer.

Satan wasn't a biologist. All he knew was that was how it worked. Since Agares's body was something like a lizard's, he must have been cold-blooded. Interesting.

Satan slowly rubbed his hands together, more to relieve tension than to warm himself up. Something was eating at him, but it wasn't apparent what.

Well, until his thoughts began to swirl.

_Lucifer's changing my women into beasts. Valac's slackin' off again. Agares can't work in the cold. Devil's sake. I've gotta do all the work around here. If I don't get Deebs and Bael back, I won't have any decent helpers. What's a guy gotta do to find a few yes-men?_ Satan thought.

Not far away, one of the trainees suddenly stumbled in the snow. He gasped and clutched his chest, then fell to his knees. His training partner, Vepar, cocked her head. "Hm? Tirrus? What's the matter? I barely hit you."

Tirrus wheezed hard as his eyes zigzagged everywhere, which Satan recognized as the classic signs of a panic attack. "Aw, man, geez! Too... too much! Too much work! Too hard! Ahh! I can't take it anymore! I wanna... I wanna go back to Heaven! I hate it here! It's m-miserable! All we do is work and work! Nnn!!"

Tirrus squeezed his legs and tried to control himself, but his emotions grew ever more erratic. Satan started walking toward him. "Hey! Whaddya yappin' about? I thought I went over this already!"

The young grunt glanced up at Satan, terror in his eyes. "M-mister Satan! Come on, man! You gotta let me go back. I can't take it here anymore! We never have any fun or get to take days off! We don't-"

"Quit your bitching," Satan muttered. "You think you're the only one who has it bad? Vepar here works just as hard as you do. So do I. We all live underground just in case the angels come flying overhead, but nobody's having fun."

Tirrus's breathing slowed noticeably. "I... I d-didn't mean to suggest... that, uh..."

Satan glanced around the clearing. Several of the trainees had stopped sparring to whisper conspiratorially to each other. It seemed many of them were thinking the same thoughts as Tirrus. A lot of discontent was brewing under the surface.

Satan reached down, grabbed Tirrus's arm, and pulled him up. "Calm your tits. Everyone's a little on edge. It's okay to let out your anger and frustrations once in a while. Just don't go doin' anything stupid like trying to find Heaven again, ya feel me? If you go there, the angels will kill you. I'd rather not have any dead demons on my watch. As long as we stick together, we'll grow more powerful. Soon, we can return and kick their asses."

The young demon's breathing evened out. "Y-yeah! Totally!"

Several trainees nearby pumped their fists in the air. "Right on!"

Satan breathed a silent sigh of relief as he patted Tirrus on the back. "Now get back to training. No slacking. I'm going to have a big feast tonight, and everyone can lounge around after their combat practice is over."

With the whoops of approval at his back, Satan turned around and paced toward a tree, then leaned back against it. _Cripes. I'm babysitting a buncha morons,_ Satan thought to himself. _Whine, bitch, moan. That's all they ever do. I'm just glad they're all dumb as rocks._

Satan's sour mindset contrasted with his assertive outward appearance and how he smiled and waved at people. Satan could practically hear the thoughts of those nearby as they marveled at his 'amazing' leadership capabilities.

However, seeing things from Satan's perspective made Jason realize he was bitter, confused, and unsure of what he should do next.

_If only these guys knew how good they had it,_ Satan thought. _They could be dead, or worse. Samael told me that Michael is probably torturing Bael and Deebs. I've gotta save 'em. No way I'm leavin' two of my best warriors to rot in Heaven._

"Satan!" A woman's voice to his left startled him. Satan jerked his head toward the disturbance to spot Belial gasping for breath. "It's terrible! Come quickly! Valac has gone berserk!"

"What? Berserk?! What do you mean-"

"He's killing demons left and right! Come on, come on!!"

Panic covered every inch of Belial's face. Satan nodded and quickly followed after her. "What direction?"

"North, near Leviathan's cave. I don't know what happened!" Belial and Satan hopped over boulders and ran through bushes in their path, even as the snow reached almost two-feet in height, making them wade through it like a swimming pool. "I think one of the grunts insulted him, and a few others started laughing. I wanted to stay and fight, but-"

"But, nothing," Satan said, cutting her off. His eight vectors burst from his back. He reached over, grabbed her waist with his left arm, and jumped into the air. Belial yelped in surprise as they seemingly levitated into the air. Satan's eight invisible limbs pressed into the snow below, transforming him into some form of a massive spider.

Belial's eyes turned to saucers as she spotted the five-clawed imprints rapidly appearing in the snow below. "What in the name of-?!"

"Don't worry about it, toots. I've got a new trick up my sleeve. Bah! What is Valac thinkin'?!"

Using his vectors, Satan and Belial zoomed forward ten times faster than before. Sometimes a vector would lunge toward a tree branch and yank them forward, giving a big burst of speed. Belial's cries of terror turned to glee as they continued, then vanished once she remembered where they were heading.

"You can't fight Valac! He's too powerful! Don't you remember what happened when we fought the cave bear? What about when we were in Heaven, and he killed all those cherubs? You'll die!"

Satan gritted his teeth. "Shut up, dumbass. I ain't gonna lose to the likes of him! Not this time. I've had enough of him muckin' up my plans."

Satan's thoughts transformed into seething anger. _Yeah, that's right. All that piece of work does is question me. He never contributes anything, because he thinks he's **sooo** tough. Big ol' Valac, always mockin' me every chance he gets. Well, I'll tell you what, it ends today. I draw the line at killing other demons. No way that continues anymore. Not if I have a say in it._

Within two minutes, the base of the mountain appeared. Satan dropped Belial into a snowbank and continued forward, ignoring her yelp of surprise as she hit the ground. The sounds of several demons yelling and screaming grew louder every second. Soon, Satan encountered the first body, that of a young male grunt. Another male followed, and a female, and several others.

By the time Satan had passed thirty bodies, he levitated above the wall of trees and pounced toward the barely visible opening to Leviathan's cave. Not half a football field away, ten demons battled Valac as the scythe-wielding madman cackled gleefully.

"Look at you run! Look at you fight! Try and stop me, but you lack the might! Whether you flee or face your plight, you'll find I'm a blight in the night! Neehehe!"

Thirty more demon bodies lay motionless in the snow. Given how long it probably took Belial to find Satan, Valac must have been killing his comrades for over half an hour.

One of the demons, Orias, stayed in the back while his friends tried to keep Valac at bay. Satan only recognized him due to his black-bear fur coat and the length of his horns, a sign that he was possibly at the level of a Lord or higher.

Orias motioned with his hands while sweat poured off his brow. He tried to form magical symbols, but right as he was about to complete his incantation, Valac paused momentarily to hold his lantern aloft. A ghostly spirit rushed out and exploded next to Orias, knocking him on his ass and disrupting his spell.

"Damn you, Valac! You'll pay!" Orias howled. "I'll kill you ten times for every friend of mine you've slain!"

Valac chuckled. "You, kill me? I laugh at the thought! You're all weak and pathetic; the whole lot! Bend over and prepare, for your death is at hand! Once I'm through with you-"

Before Valac could finish, Satan slingshot himself forward with his vectors and swooped at Valac's backside. "Shut up, moron!"

Satan's body plowed into Valac with thunderous force, smashing the undead demon into the snow. All eight vectors cocooned around Satan, cushioning his body from the impact.

Valac was not so lucky. He crashed, spun, and bent unnaturally, coming to a stop a short distance away. Satan recovered quickly and pulled himself to his feet, then turned to Orias and his ten grunts. "Sorry I'm late. You guys okay?"

Orias nodded, but his eyes betrayed how terrified he was. He clutched a dozen diamonds while sweating profusely. "W-we can't stop him, Satan! Valac is too powerful! I've been trying to ignite these gems, but he won't let me finish!"

Satan held up his palm. "You guys are in the way. Get to safety. I'll handle this."

Orias's eyes widened. "Impossible! You won't win! He'll kill you!"

The snow shifted where Valac had landed. The undead demon slowly pulled himself back together, making Satan shove Orias away with his palm. "I'll be fine! Get outta here. See if any of the others are still alive. You'll only slow me down."

Orias hesitated. Before he could object, Satan snarled at him. "GO!"

That did the trick. Seeing Satan's anger put the fear of the devil in Orias. The demon nodded and grabbed the others. They hustled away, and Satan turned his attention to Valac as he rose to his feet.

The Grim Reaper's glowing red eyes fixated on Satan from beneath his hood. "Well, well well, look who's here, it's Satan, the _pretender_. You think you're my match? You're not even a contender. You fled from the angels and left your friends to die, but when I finish you off, you'll break down and cry."

Satan glared at Valac. "Your rhymes won't save you this time, bub. You ain't even good at 'em. I ain't the demon I was when winter began, I've grown more powerful than you can possibly imagine."

Valac dropped all pretense of rhyming as he lowered his voice. "As have I."

Satan shot a glance at the demons lying around him. Their empty gazes stared up into the sky as a light snow rained down from the heavens above. Then, Satan turned to Valac. "If the only reason you killed your family was to grow stronger, then you disgust me. No matter how many souls you take, you'll never fill out the empty hole in your chest. You ain't nothin'."

Valac stretched to his full height, standing a few inches taller than Satan. "Talk is cheap."

The Grim Reaper jumped at Satan, clearing the twenty-foot gap between them with frightening speed. His scythe lunged for Satan's chest. The instant before it hit, one of Satan's vectors batted it to the side. Valac stumbled and gasped, opening himself up for a counter-attack. Satan seized the opportunity to smash his fist into Valac's face, bruising his knuckles on the fleshless bone of Valac's skull. Valac stumbled backward but managed to right himself.

His right arms gripped the scythe, while the upper left held his lantern. The fourth quickly formed several magic signs, and a ghostly soul flew at Satan's chest. Satan's vectors tried to deflect it, but it passed through them and exploded against his ribs with the force of a grenade, sending him careening backward end over end.

Once again, Satan's vectors surrounded him, forming an invisible shield to absorb the kinetic energy threatening his life. Satan rolled out of the death spiral and righted himself in midair, landing neatly on his feet. Suddenly, blood rushed from his chest as several broken ribs protruded outward.

The pain, agonizing, doubled Satan over. To his credit, the devil managed to hold his concentration, even as blood began to seep through the fresh wounds. "F-fuckin... cunt..."

Valac motioned with his free hand, and another soul rushed toward Satan. Satan's eyes widened in panic as he realized he couldn't deflect it. Satan's vectors kicked into overdrive, yanking him away at the last second before the soul could impact.

Something unexpected happened. Valac disappeared and teleported to the soul's position. "Surprise!"

His scythe rushed at Satan's back, right in his blind spot.

Satan gasped. _Shit! He can teleport by throwing his souls!_

Satan's teeth gnashed together. This time, an invisible palm rushed forward and formed a solid barrier, blocking Valac's scythe before it could hit his back.

Valac's jaw dropped. "What? Impossible! How did you-?!"

He started to leap backward, putting distance between them, but another vector grabbed his scythe and ripped it from his grasp, then flung it toward the top of the mountain. Satan spun around to face Valac and immediately launched an assault before he could recover. Two vectors grabbed his arms, holding him in place, while three others began violently pummeling him. The invisible limbs beat, battered, and bashed the undead freak over and over. Valac tried to block the invisible fists, but he was powerless to stop them.

Satan paused for a split second, lifted Valac above his head, and slammed him into the ground.

The instant before Valac hit, his body disappeared. Satan's vectors smashed into the snow, blowing out a small crater and sending sleet in every direction.

Valac materialized a short distance away, panting for breath. His bones lay snapped and broken in several directions. The so-called Grim Reaper writhed on the ground, unable to control his spastic movement. "Imposs... impossible! Y-you... you can't have... g-grown... this strong... so quickly!"

Satan winced as his ribs poked further out of his chest. His vision blurred slightly. A strange redness entered his eyes. "Nng. You underestimated me... dipshit. Even if you didn't, you can't... can't block my attacks. I have the perfect offense _and_ the perfect defense."

Valac motioned with his hand. A soul exited his lantern and entered his body. Immediately, his bones began to mend. The bony bastard pulled himself together and rose to his feet. Despite his repaired frame, he appeared noticeably more exhausted than before.

"Tch. What's the matter, Satan? You're looking worse for wear. Avert your eyes, for there's no need to stare. Once I considered myself a risk-taker, but today I refuse to meet my maker."

Satan groaned. "Bloody devils. Again with... with your damn rhyming!"

Satan's vectors coiled beneath him. He pounced at Valac, only for Valac to vanish again, as he teleported toward the top of the mountain.

Satan hit the dirt and swiveled to face Valac. Valac stood for a moment and eyeballed Satan. "I'm tired of you, and I hate how you rule. I'm surrounded by weaklings who all slobber and drool. I see now that this is no place for one such as I, so devilspeed, farewell, and goodbye."

Valac motioned once again. His scythe materialized in his grasp, and he teleported away, leaving Satan by himself.

Satan's anger slowly ebbed. After a few moments, the demon leader sagged down and flopped on his back.

"Y-yeah... you'd better... fuckin'... run..."

One minute passed. Two. Three.

The life slowly faded from Satan's body. Suddenly, Belial appeared above him. The panic in her eyes was palpable. "Oh, devils! That's a lot of blood! Satan! Are you okay?"

Satan's vision began to blur. "F-feelin'... real sleepy..."

"No, don't walk toward the darkness! I'll heal you! Prepare yourself."

Two seconds later, blinding pain lanced through Satan's chest as his ribs popped into place. Satan jolted awake and gasped for breath. "Gahh! Augh! Shit!"

After the phantom pain faded, Satan gazed into Belial's eyes. It took several minutes before he could speak again.

"Th-thanks... girl..."

Belial craned her neck to gaze at the bodies lying in the snow.

"No. Thank _you_ for teaching Valac a lesson. I only wish you'd killed the bastard."

Satan nodded.

"Yeah. Me too."
