Part 674: Superior Sasha
Part 674: Superior Sasha

_January 29th, 2021. Aevum._

While Ose's assault on Area 51 and the demons' initial movements toward Heaven had begun, one of Jason's Dronesmiths had continued to converse with Daisy and her three friends, Nadia, Sasha, and Marco. Indeed, despite spending several hours talking to Nadia to better get to know her abilities, not even a minute had passed in realspace. Ose's attack was still in its initial phase!

"Nadia, I've gotten a good grasp on your power." Jason said. "I'm going to give you a bunch of learning material, and I want you to spend the next several weeks reading all of it. With that Regeneration Band keeping your body intact, you'll be able to use your power as much as you want."

Nadia smiled. "Thank you, Mister Hiro."

Jason smiled back. Then he looked at Marco and Sasha.

"Which one of you wants to go next?" Jason asked.

Marco lowered his eyes. Sasha beamed. She was the most assertive of the group.

"Me!"

"Alright, alright." Jason said. He looked at Marco for a moment before returning his attention to Sasha. "You said before your power...?"

"I haven't really used it much. It didn't seem very useful..." Sasha said hesitantly. "But I was able to take the rust off a knife and move it to a different knife."

Jason blinked. "Alright. We'll start by trying that, then."

He waved his hand, and a large kitchen counter appeared in front of Sasha. Her eyes sparkled with interest at the ease with which he'd just summoned it, but she stayed quiet until he finished.

Jason conjured two knives. Both of them had dull blades, so they couldn't easily hurt someone if Sasha lost her grip and dropped them, or whatever. Better to be safe than sorry. One of the knives appeared to be in relatively pristine condition, while the other was badly rusted and looked to be in terrible shape.

"Go ahead." Jason said. "Transfer the rust from the ugly knife to the pristine one."

Sasha nodded. She paused for a moment, then clapped her hands together. After that, she took hold of the rusty knife's handle, then she grabbed the pristine one.

Something incredible happened that the others couldn't perceive. Rust quickly started disappearing off the first knife, only to grow on the second one as if it were being infected. By the end, the originally gross-looking knife looked like it had been scrubbed in an anti-rust solution. It wasn't in amazing condition, but it looked serviceable at the least. Sadly, the other knife was ruined.

After finishing, Sasha carefully set the knives down and took a step back. She looked respectfully at Jason.

"Any ideas, sir?" She asked, folding her hands over her waist.

"Hmm." Jason grunted.

Unbeknownst to Daisy and her friends, Jason was Wordsmithing like crazy in the background. He inspected the knives and compared their material composition, finding all sorts of strange phenomena.

"If I'm not mistaken..." Jason's Dronesmith said slowly. "You've somehow... transferred... a part of the rusty knife to the clean one. I don't know how to explain it."

"I have an idea." Nadia said, her eyes glowing blue as she looked from Sasha to the knives and back. "I think if you look at the magical pathways in Sasha's body while she repeats the action, things will be a lot clearer."

Jason nodded. "Alright. Sasha, try moving the rust back to the original knife."

She nodded obediently, then clapped her hands together. The moment she did, a flicker of light passed through the Dronesmith's eyes. Jason observed her body's internal mana pathways. He didn't say anything, but his heart jumped!

Sasha re-transferred the rust back to the original ugly knife, then set both knives back on the table. She looked at Jason, waiting for his assessment.

"Why do you clap your hands together?" Jason suddenly asked.

Sasha cocked her head. "I don't know? I just do it because it feels natural."

"In order to activate your powers, do you always have to clap your hands?" Jason asked, his tone filled with deep intent.

"Probably..." Sasha said. Without being asked, she picked up both of the knives and tried to reverse the process yet again.

Nothing happened.

"That's what I thought." Jason said. "You need to 'activate' your power to use it. When you clapped your palms together, there was a sudden burst of mana inside your body. It didn't centralize on your palms until you reached for the knives. I suspect it would also work through your feet if you 'willed' it to be so."

In Jason's eyes, this process was similar to how he Wordsmithed. If he didn't speak, he couldn't activate his power. The same was true if Sasha didn't clap her hands!

"Okay..." Sasha said quietly. "So other than that, what's going on? What are my powers doing? Just transferring rust around items?"

"It can't be something that mundane." Jason said. He paused then looked at Nadia. "Any thoughts?"

Nadia was extremely perceptive. Jason had ideas about what was going on, but the more time he spent with Nadia, the more her powers impressed him.

"I don't know what Sasha's power is, but I think we could try some experiments." Nadia said. "Sasha, why don't you try transferring something else from one knife to the other?"

"Something else?" Sasha asked, confused.

"Yes. For example, why don't you try making one of the knives 'thicker'?"

"Uhh..."

Sasha looked at Nadia with a weird expression. Then she shrugged, clapped her hands, and grabbed the knives again.

This time, nothing seemed to happen visually. For several seconds, Sasha simply stared at the two knives with a dumb expression.

Then, out of nowhere, one of the knives suddenly collapsed! It broke apart in her hands and fell into countless tiny shards of metal, falling through her fingers and cutting her palms open where her grip accidentally pressed the sharp metal bits against her skin.

"Ow!!" Sasha yelped, opening her hand and letting the shards fall atop the counter.

Without verbalizing his intent, Jason healed her hands, instantly stopping the bleeding. His Drone took a few steps closer and held out its hand.

"Let me look at that knife." Jason said.

Sasha nodded. She handed the knife over, and Jason's drone took it and stared at it for a moment.

"The knife's internal structure has been altered. It is currently 47.3% denser than before Sasha's latest experiment." He observed.

Nadia's eyes glowed. "Denser? Is it possible she transferred the other knife's density over to the one in your hand?"

"That seems a likely explanation..." Jason said. "If she did, then she likely created countless weak points all across the first knife, which caused a structural collapse. That's why it suddenly fell apart in her hand."

Marco, who had been quiet up to this point, decided to speak. "What if Sasha's not 'transferring' attributes from one object to another?"

"If not, then what do you think she's doing?" Daisy asked.

"I don't know. I just think this power of hers is a little... weird." Marco said, uncertain of the full idea percolating in the back of his brain.

Nadia, however, seemed to get a hint from his implication. "Sasha, clap your hands and... try... try doing something to that knife. Now that it's denser than before, can you alter its properties?"

"I don't know..." Sasha said uncertainly. "I'll try..."

She clapped her hands, then took hold of the knife. Uncertain of what to do with her other hand, Sasha started to reach out and touch the table, but before she could, the knife turned to a strange wax-like substance in her hand. It heatlessly melted, then collapsed into mush in her grasp.

Sasha looked alarmed, but Nadia's eyes sparkled with blue light.

"You altered the knife's properties!" Nadia proclaimed. "What were you thinking when you melted it?"

"I wasn't really thinking anything." Sasha said, shaking the melted mess off her hands and onto the table. "I just wanted it to change."

"Alright. Let's try something else then." Nadia said, before turning to Jason. "Create several iron pipes, then put them on the table."

Jason raised an eyebrow. He originally planned to do all the experimenting, but he also found it interesting letting Nadia take charge. Clearly, she was seeing something he and the others weren't. With a wave of his hand, Jason conjured a dozen foot-long pipes on the table.

"Alright, Sasha." Nadia said. "This time, I want you to clap your hands, take hold of a pipe, and then imagine changing its color."

"Its color?" Sasha repeated, giving Nadia a strange look.

"Yes. Imagine that the pipe is colored red in your mind's eye, then make it so." Nadia said.

"Alright..." Sasha said, her tone uncertain.

She did as Nadia commanded. She clapped her hands, picked up a pipe, and visualized in her mind's eye the pipe turning firetruck red.

Instead, the pipe only turned a little bit rusty before it start sagging at the far end, as if it were made of licorice and gravity were pulling it downward.

Nadia gasped. "There! Where your hand is touching. Look!"

Sasha set the pipe down. Right where her hand had gripped the pipe, it was colored bright-red. The rest of the pipe seemed the same as before, albeit 'droopier'.

"You've altered the physical properties of the pipe. I was correct in my hypothesis." Nadia said. "Try again with a different pipe. This time, just touch the pipe with a finger on each end. Try to imagine turning it firetruck red, like the color on the first pipe."

Sasha nodded. Seeing that the first pipe's conversion had partially succeeded, she did as Nadia instructed. This time, when she touched the second pipe with one finger on each end, everyone in the room gasped.

She succeeded! The pipe rapidly changed color, morphing from silvery-gray to a bright red coloration.

Sasha's jaw dropped. "I... I... what does this mean? What is my power doing?"

"You're a pretty smart person." Nadia said. "Don't you remember taking chemistry in high school? You're altering the properties of the matter you touch when you use your power."

Sasha blinked. "Altering... what does that even mean?"

"You weren't confident before. You didn't believe in yourself, or believe that your power had any use." Nadia said, more certain of her hypothesis than ever. She walked around the table and smiled as she rested a palm on Sasha's back. "But the more confident you become, the stronger your power is. More specifically, your power has a lot to do with your Imagination, your Mind's Eye, and the Belief you hold in yourself. I want you to try something different now. Try turning this third steel pipe into a knife, like the one from earlier."

"You want me to change it from a pipe into a knife?" Sasha repeated, somewhat bewildered. "I understand changing the colors, but-"

"Just do it." Nadia said. "Don't question. Don't disbelieve. Just think about the process, and do it. I believe in you."

The solemness in Nadia's voice eventually pushed down Sasha's disbelief. With a serious look on her face, Sasha nodded. She clapped her hands together, imagined the pipe turning into a knife... then she touched it.

Every person in the room widened their eyes. The pipe rapidly shifted shape. It changed in the blink of an eye, turning from an ordinary steel pipe into an admittedly ugly and impractical facsimile of the knives Sasha had been manipulating a few minutes earlier.

It wasn't perfect. The 'knife' she had created with her power was rudimentary, and only somewhat shaped correctly. From a distance, a man with terrible vision might mistake it for a knife, but its weird and wobbly hilt and uneven 'blade' that wasn't sharp enough to cut tofu marked it as an amateur's mistake.

But Sasha wasn't discouraged. Her eyes shone with excitement. She squeezed her hands into fists and shook, doing a little dance of excitement.

"Oh my gosh! I... I don't know what I just did! What's going on? What is my power, Nadia?!"

Nadia gave Sasha a big hug, then pulled away.

"Matter and Energy are interlinked. You are able to alter the chemical composition of objects based on images formed in your mind. Right now, your knowledge of knives is so rudimentary and basic that you can't properly reshape the pipe as you'd like, but I believe, given time, this will change."

"Your power," Nadia continued, "allows you to reshape matter when you touch it. However, it seems you cannot add or subtract matter, only alter what already exists. By breaking down objects into a more malleable state, you can then reshape the matter into something better befitting your intention."

Jason's eyes flashed. "What you described sounds an awful lot like Alchemy. Turning lead into gold."

"That's a good way of putting it." Nadia said, before glancing at one of the pipes. "Sasha, try turning this pipe into gold."

Sasha's mouth formed an 'o' as she ooh'd and ahh'd at that particular possibility. Without wasting time, she clapped her hands and eagerly touched the iron pipe.

A few moments later... a small area where she touched had turned yellow in color, but it wasn't exactly gold. Sasha's excitement deflated a little.

"Don't be disappointed. You have a shallow understanding of material physics." Nadia said. "If we can train you to better comprehend the atomic structure of the universe, you'll be able to use your power more adeptly."

Jason looked at Daisy. She looked at him.

"What?" Daisy asked.

Jason lightly chewed on his lower lip. "I was originally thinking of outfitting Nadia with a MindCore. Now it seems Sasha is an equally valuable candidate. I'm debating which one to upgrade first."

"And you're looking at me, because...?" Daisy asked.

"Because I should get you one, too." Jason said. "Honestly, all of you should have one. Even Marco, though I'll need to figure out what his power is first."

Marco was definitely next on Jason's list, but right now he had to think about how best to learn about, test, and study Sasha's power.

"Let's try more options." Jason said. He summoned many different objects, ranging from a suit of armor to a television to a car engine. "We'll start by having you reshape all of these objects into new forms to learn where your limits lie."

Sasha looked a little overwhelmed, but she didn't complain. It wasn't every day someone learned they had been possessing a reality-defying power their entire life, yet had completely wasted its potential.

...

Several hours later, Sasha grabbed another iron pipe. Her power entered the pipe, and it rapidly changed shape, flowing back onto her hand and turning into a somewhat shabby-looking but perfectly functional iron gauntlet. She flexed her fingers and smiled. She'd managed to make the joints adjustable, rather than rigid, like the last time.

"Your power is Alchemy." Nadia stated. "You can alter matter from one form to another. Solid, liquid, gaseous. You can also change material into other materials, but only within reason. Turning one kilogram of iron into one kilogram of plutonium is impossible. They have completely different atomic structures. But if two types of material are relatively similar, you can alter them. You can even change the shape of Jason's super-metal, but it's extremely difficult due to its magically-empowered state."

"Archseerium." Jason said, not wanting to refer to it by the name of Wordsmithium in case it leaked his true abilities. "It's tougher than diamond. Or pretty much any material you can find on Earth."

"It's also much harder for Sasha to alter." Nadia said. "Changing its shape is one thing, but changing it to a new type of material is basically impossible."

Sasha turned to Jason. "Can you summon some fabric for me? Enough to make some clothing."

Jason shrugged. "Sure."

He waved his hand, and a pile of red and yellow fabric fell on the table in front of Sasha. She stayed silent for several long seconds, then she clapped her hands and picked up the fabric. It quickly changed into a beautiful red dress, one that had strange sparkling holographic colors that glittered all throughout it. When she held it up to the light, it shone with a rainbow light that dazzled the eyes.

"I'm pretty good with fashion stuff." Sasha said, after a moment of embarrassment. "Making weapons and armor aren't really my talents, but I'm great at visualizing clothing. I'll try to get better at other stuff, but for now, being able to summon any clothing I want feels fabulous!"

Jason smiled. "If you want, I can summon that dress onto you. Or I can make a dressing room for you to get changed."

"The latter." Sasha said, before quickly adding, "I'd just prefer to change my own clothes."

"Sure, sure. One second." Jason replied.

At the back corner of the room, Jason conjured a sealed area with a door leading in and out. Sasha walked over and entered, then stepped back out after a minute or two. The red dress looked gorgeous on her, and she did a little spin to show it off.

"Alchemy." Jason said, quietly chuckling to himself. "I suspect this power will prove incredibly potent, given time. Sasha, Nadia, while I have you here, why don't I tell you about my MindCores? I have a feeling they're going to prove extremely useful for the both of you."

Jason launched into an explanation of the MindCores he had invented. Not only did Nadia and Sasha listen with great interest, but so did Marco and Daisy.

"So those are the options." Jason concluded after a while. "The GenesisFrame, which I use, is focused on research, inventions, and creating things. The RealitySim allows you to simulate entire worlds or alternate realities inside your mind. The QuantumReflex will directly increase your combat capabilities. The HellProphet... allows you to predict the movements of the future, and other beings. And finally, the OmniRecord gives you a general purpose cerebral improvement with no downsides. Accelerated thinking, infinite memory storage, and so on."

The teenagers all quietly thought to themselves about which MindCore would best augment their abilities. Only Marco, who still didn't know the extent of his power, was unable to form any sort of conclusive opinion.

"The RealitySim works best for me." Nadia said. "The GenesisFrame is appealing too, but I think based on your descriptions, the RealitySim fits my skillset perfectly."

Jason nodded. "That was my thought as well."

"I think if Nadia is taking the RealitySim, I should choose something else." Sasha said. "I need a lot of conceptual power, so I believe the GenesisFrame is best suited for me."

"I want a QuantumReflex." Daisy said without hesitation. "You haven't given this particular MindCore to anyone else yet, have you, dad?"

Jason looked at his daughter in surprise. "I haven't, but are you sure you want a MindCore that's so deeply focused on short-term benefits? The other Cores all have limitless capabilities for growth. By comparison, the QuantumReflex..."

"I know what you're thinking." Daisy said, "but my powers are not focused on Imagination. I've had lots of time to master my core abilities. In the future, if I hope to battle Demon Emperors, then I will need enhanced senses and reaction times. Nothing is more important to me than becoming a soldier for humanity."

Jason looked at his daughter. He smiled and nodded.

"If that's what you want, then the QuantumReflex will soon be yours."

He turned to Marco after a moment. "And you?"

Marco shook his head. "The decision is too important. I don't even know what my power is yet."

"Then I guess we'd better remedy that first." Jason said.

The Wordsmith looked around the room, then shook his head.

"Here's no good. Let's go outside Argent's walls, where there's more open space. Then you'll have more room to... _snap_ things out of reality."