Part 655: Buddhabub's Battle
Part 655: Buddhabub's Battle

_Far-Future Era. Day 3, AJR. Sharmur, in the mountains west of Melodia._

Beelzebub and Buddha stood next to the edge of a cliff, perhaps twenty feet separating them from a thousand-foot plunge to the bottom of the ravine. However, there was still the entire flat side of the mountain-top in the other direction up to the tree-line, so their designated battle arena had plenty of room to maneuver.

Buddha slapped his chest. The T-REX hidden beneath his black long-sleeved shirt sprang to life and started coating his body with advanced nanite armor. This was the most advanced T-REX Phoebe had made before her death, and the only one she would ever make again. Beelzebub didn't make a move, but instead watched as the nanites covered the man's body.

"Those nanites won't save you if I get serious." Beelzebub said calmly. "Do you have the slightest idea how powerful I am?"

Buddha smiled as the nanites climbed up his head and formed a faceless helmet, swallowing his mouth, eyes, and nose. "Admittedly, if you were to attack me with lethal force, I would die. But remember, all you have to do is knock me to the ground. That is your one goal. Do not hold back in achieving this purpose."

Beelzebub snorted. He couldn't possibly take this fight seriously. A mere mortal human had no chance of beating him in a serious fight.

But a spar? It might be a little fun. At least it would be fun to show this 'Buddha' how big the difference was between himself and the strongest demon in the mortal realm.

Without warning, Beelzebub detonated a flame behind himself and launched forward, sweeping a palm at Buddha's chest. With one ruthless strike, he intended to slam the human into the ground and teach him the difference between the sky and the mud!

Buddha sidestepped. His hand swept upward, and he simultaneously swatted Beelzebub's arm aside while also jumping backward with his left leg and kicking Beelzebub's ribs with his right.

"???"

Beelzebub let out a strange cry of surprise before finding his entire momentum thrown off. Buddha kicked him to the side with enough force to launch him off the edge of the cliff. Beelzebub let out a muffled yelp before hurtling to the bottom of the ravine below. A second later, he ignited flames beneath his feet, reversed his momentum, and flew back up to the top of the cliff.

When he landed, his cool and cocky smile was gone. He felt a little humiliated by the fact that his attack was seen through and neutralized in so decisive a fashion.

And by a mere human at that!

"Apologies." Buddha said smilingly beneath his helmet. "I didn't realize your footwork was so shoddy."

"You!" Beelzebub snapped.

He launched himself at Buddha again in a fit of rage. He still held back his power, not wanting to accidentally kill the human, but right when he drew within range, he detonated a shockwave of flame around his body, aiming to pummel Buddha into the ground without giving him a chance to grab and retaliate.

The shockwave struck Buddha, but he had already firmly planted his feet at just the right angle. When the shockwave slammed into him, it merely pressed his armored boots several inches into the dirt while also clearing away all the random plants and vegetation in the area within thirty meters.

Beelzebub's eyes flashed with shock, but never did he expect that Buddha would then use the shockwave's pressure to coil power into his knees before jumping directly at Beelzebub.

"???" Beelzebub let out another strangled cry of surprise as the lowly human pounced at him with a fist raised.

_Thwack!_

Buddha punched Beelzebub in the side of his head with the full strength of the T-REX, shattering the side of Beelzebub's jaw, breaking off multiple teeth, and punting him down into the dirt. Beelzebub struck the ground and dragged along it for over twenty feet, digging a shallow ditch with the side of his face. Naturally, he had received far worse blows hundreds of times, so his face regenerated almost immediately, but it was still a humiliating loss!

"Urgh! You spawn of a broodmother!" Beelzebub groaned as he jumped back up to his feet and spit bloody teeth all over the dirt. "You're really starting to piss me off!"

Buddha had already landed on his feet. He took a three-legged stance, with his left palm pressing against the ground and his right hand balled into a fist.

"Hoho..." Buddha chuckled mirthlessly. "Already, thirty seconds have passed, yet the great Beelzebub has failed to knock this lowly mortal human into the dirt. What a stain on your great name this must be, eh?"

"Shut up!!" Beelzebub roared. He decided to punch several fireballs at the human, setting them to low heat and power but with high concussive force. Even if he was pissed, he really didn't want to kill the human by accident, so he continued to focus on tactics that would knock him down and wear him out.

Those fireballs flew at Buddha with frightening speed, but the ancient Reincarnator didn't seem perturbed. He darted to the right, then to the left, then to the right again while explosions detonated behind him, to his side, and even in the dirt in front of him. Some of those explosions knocked him around a little, but not once did they throw him further than a foot or two. Beelzebub felt secretly shocked at how ineffective these fireballs were. How the hell was Buddha still standing?

Unbeknownst to Beelzebub, Buddha wasn't only dodging from side to side. He also slowly moved forward, carefully closing the gap between himself and his much more powerful adversary. At the right moment, when he noticed a gap between two of Beelzebub's fireballs, he lunged forward, stomping against the ground as he made a mad dash directly at Beelzebub's chest!

Beelzebub didn't even have time to react. Buddha tackled him to the ground and drove the wind out of Beelzebub's lungs before quickly jumping backward and making distance. Beelzebub recovered almost instantly, but he was even more pissed than before.

"Lucifer's tits! You know I'm taking it easy on you, right?!" Beelzebub snapped. "If I wanted you dead, you'd be dead a thousand times! Don't mistake my mercy for weakness!"

"I never said I did." Buddha said calmly. "You are correct. If you seriously wanted me dead, I would be dead. Thank you for adhering to the spirit of the match."

Beelzebub frowned. Buddha's 'apology' seemed to slap him across his face, making him feel a little ashamed. Wasn't it beneath him to brag about his strength to a mere human?!

His mind moved quickly. He gazed at Buddha, who had assumed a defensive stance once again.

_If this takes me any longer, I'm going to eternally be unable to look myself in the mirror. How do I knock him flat on his ass in the shortest time possible?_

An instant later, Beelzebub snapped his palm forward. A bolt of lightning fired directly at Buddha, but the man tossed a rock in front of himself while dodging to the right. That rock redirected the lightning just enough that it arced off to the side and slammed into the forest behind himself, lightning a fire. Buddha, however, was unharmed.

"You saw through my lightning?!" Beelzebub exclaimed in bewilderment.

"No. But your movements are sloppy, basic, and predictable." Buddha said, never taking his eyes off his opponent. "You have no combat sense. You haven't even yet determined what our spar is all about. You are as arrogant as ever, thinking in the back of your mind that you should win purely based on the strength of your magic. You're so used to fighting lethal battles where you throw your exploding body at your opponent that you cannot wrap your head around a battle where the intricacy of your movements will determine victory alone."

Beelzebub flinched. Buddha's words were somewhat rude, but... when Beelzebub thought about it, the man had a point...

It might seem as though Buddha was handily handing Beelzebub his ass, but the ancient Hero knew far better than his opponent that an instant of inattentiveness would cost him his life. Despite his theatrics and provocative words, Buddha was taking Beelzebub as seriously as possible. He controlled his breathing underneath his helmet, but he also kept himself ready for many of the deadlier abilities in Beelzebub's arsenal.

"The intricacy of my movements...?" Beelzebub asked. "What does that even mean?"

"Every action has an equal and opposite reaction." Buddha explained calmly. "You reap what you sow. This is called **Karma**. When you extend your right arm to fire a bolt of lightning, it necessarily means that arm is momentarily locked in an attack position, exposing your right side to an attentive adversary's counter-attack. At the same time, you pay so much attention to your right arm that you fail to realize your left arm is hanging slackly at your side, doing nothing and leaving you vulnerable."

"That is why I said your movements are sloppy and uncoordinated." Buddha continued. "The only thing you are thinking about is knocking me to the ground. But do you think these are the same thoughts that occupy my mind?"

Beelzebub blinked. He couldn't bring himself to admit it out loud, but... Buddha had a point. Beelzebub had never taken any fighting lessons, and had spent most of his time just learning different ways of using his magic in battle. The physical capabilities of his body were always considered secondary, especially in recent years, when he had climbed the ranks of Baron, Duke, and Emperor. With his body regenerating horrifying wounds in seconds, he simply didn't care that much if he suffered a grievous counter-attack. His opponent would always come out worse!

In a battle of attrition and endurance, not one Sentient was his match!

"So what?" Beelzebub asked. "If I detonate my body next to you, you will die. That flimsy armor won't protect you."

"Perhaps not." Buddha said. "But what if your adversary was not me, an ordinary human, but someone much more powerful and frightening? What if they were exceptionally talented in martial combat, and capable of withstanding your suicidal attacks? What then?"

Beelzebub snorted. "Who would even fall into that category? Name one person."

Buddha stood up a little straighter.

"I'll name four." He said, while holding up four fingers. "Diablo in his Archdemon Form. Mephisto, with his unbreakable dragon bones. Divinator Fellrun. And Second Founder Dosena."

Beelzebub frowned. "Three of those people are dead. And right now, it seems Founder Dosena is in no condition to fight. I could kill her with a snap of my fingers."

"You're missing the point." Buddha countered. "Sentients capable of beating you already exist. More will reveal themselves in due time. You are not their match as you are now."

By now, Beelzebub had already lost much of his fighting spirit. He looked at Buddha with deep intent.

"So, what? You want to train me?"

"I'm still determining that." Buddha said. "You are a force of Chaos. If the current Envoy of Chaos should die, you are highly likely to succeed his position. This is not a good thing."

"Huh? Envoy of Chaos? Who- what??" Beelzebub asked in bewilderment.

"Gressil." Buddha replied. "He is the Emperor of Chaos, and the strongest agent of its will."

Sensing that Beelzebub no longer wished to fight, Buddha turned off his T-REX, then sat on a nearby boulder. He inhaled softly to catch his breath. After a moment's hesitation, Beelzebub walked over and sat next to him, looking as if he wanted to uncover more knowledge Buddha wished to bestow upon him.

"There are four Forces that govern our universe." Buddha said calmly. "Do you know what they are?"

Beelzebub slowly shook his head. "That sounds like some human science stuff. Gravity, magnets... something else?"

"No. The four forces are Karma, Chaos, Destiny, and Luck." Buddha explained. "Though Destiny has an inverse force named Fate."

Beelzebub started to nod, but when he realized he didn't understand what Buddha was saying, he thought better of it.

"I... don't follow."

"Karma is the fundamental force which states 'what goes around, comes around'." Buddha explained. "Chaos is the uncertainty principle. Neither are inherently good nor bad. The more one masters Karma, the more they can predict the future by observing the present. All actions lead to future reactions. If you strike with your right fist, that is an action which will lead to the reaction of your right fist momentarily not protecting your body."

"That seems simple enough. So Chaos is the opposite? Actions have no reaction?" Beelzebub asked.

"Not quite." Buddha said with a smile. "Chaos simply means that sometimes random variables will happen. It is true that unmaintained equipment will eventually break down, but the Chaos principle ensures even high quality and well-maintained equipment might spontaneously break down due to random negative events."

Buddha gave Beelzebub a look of warning. "A universe with too much Karma is a static, predictable universe. Chaos must always exist to provide a balance. But too much Chaos can lead to terrible instability. That is why these two forces are fundamentally opposed to one another."

He continued. "Destiny, also known as Fate, is similar to Karma. Some things are destined to happen, while other things are fated to pass. Destiny can accumulate to unleash great effects, while Fate may accumulate over time to unleash terrible effects. One is definitively positive, the other is definitively negative."

"That just sounds like Karma with a different name." Beelzebub replied.

"Karma is a singular event. Destiny and Fate accumulate over time." Buddha said. "For example, have you thought about the events which led to the fall of Maiura and Tarus II? Those two events could be seen as an accumulation of Fate over time which brought about the fall of humanity and the destruction of their homeworlds. Right now, humanity's Fate has reached a nexus point. Whether it continues to accumulate and worsen their future, or whether it reverses and begins to build to a greater Destiny... this will be determined by the Karma they reap."

Beelzebub scratched his head. "Oh... okay. I get it. I think. So what about Luck?"

"Luck is similar to Chaos." Buddha said, waving his hand to gesture at the world around them. "Chaos affects the world, but Luck affects living things. Chaos will bring ruin to a factory, but Luck can bring wealth or tragedy to the common man. A world without Luck and Chaos is a deterministic one that can only breed identical results from identical levels of effort. Those who master Luck and Chaos can greatly change the relative balance of the universe and its denizens."

Buddha sighed.

"I know these things may seem abstract. Indeed, few are aware of their pervasive influence. Only those who have gazed upon enough Truths may touch upon the fundamental principles, let alone manipulate them. Only those who have suffered terrible, terrible lives may obtain the power to manipulate Chaos."

Buddha looked at Beelzebub. "You, Beelzebub, have already manipulated Chaos once."

"I have??" Beelzebub asked, slightly stunned.

"When you detonated your body in the skies above Tarus II and killed a million humans, your rage caused you to tap into Chaos, momentarily neutralizing the fundamental force of magic. This prevented Jason Hiro from stopping your rampage. In the future, it is possible that if you fall further and further into darkness, you may once again inadvertently strengthen your bond with Chaos and take another step toward becoming its future Envoy."

"Does that mean Gressil and I would both become Emperors of Chaos?" Beelzebub asked.

"Each galaxy can only have one Envoy for each of the fundamental forces." Buddha said. "And that... is why I approached you today. If Gressil dies, you are most likely to be his successor. But it is possible to change your Destiny. Only if you are willing..."

Beelzebub seemed to realize something. "You... are an Envoy then?"

"The Envoy of Karma, yes." Buddha acknowledged.

"Then does that mean there are Envoys of Luck and Destiny as well?" Beelzebub prodded.

Buddha looked at the ground. He smiled.

"Indeed, our galaxy already has an Envoy of Luck. You know his name. But as for the Envoy of Destiny... he has passed away without a successor."

A moment of silence followed.

Beelzebub sucked in a breath.

"Wait. So. The Envoy of Destiny... was..."

"Jason Hiro." Buddha said quietly. "He accumulated an incredible Destiny, and an equally incredible Fate. Unfortunately, that Fate led to the fall of Maiura and the destruction of Tarus II. But as for the Destiny he accumulated..."

Buddha smiled and shook his head. "It has yet to bear fruit. The time is coming. Soon, it will sprout its first leaves."

"Who is the next successor of Destiny?" Beelzebub asked.

"Right now? There are several... Candidates." Buddha said slowly. "You are not one of them. The Chaos swirling around your body is too unsightly and dense to allow this. However, if you were to disperse that aura of Chaos, it is possible you could become a Candidate for Destiny's Envoy."

Buddha slowly stood up. He wandered over to a tree and placed his hand on its trunk. He gazed at the tree with a strange mystic expression playing upon his face.

"Becoming an Envoy of Fate and Destiny is not something one can easily manipulate. Additionally, as you saw with Jason Hiro, it will inevitably lead to heartbreak and suffering."

He continued. "You would become capable of great feats that shock the world, but your eventual downfall would be as painful as it is glorious. Envoys of Destiny and Luck are not like Envoys of Karma and Chaos. The former cannot control their powers, while the latter can. I can use my powers of Karma to observe Cause and Effect. Gressil can use his powers to create pandemonium. But if you should become Destiny's Envoy, your life would no longer be fully within your control."

Beelzebub stayed silent for a moment.

"Are there other Candidates for this position right now?"

Buddha turned away from the tree to look off into the distance, across the forest and into the borders of Melodia.

"First, one must possess latent potential, or acquire it through hard work. Second, one must live up to their fullest capabilities. In doing so, they will begin to unlock their Fated Destiny. Third, they must continue to accumulate positive and negative Karma. Then, when the destined time has arrived, their accumulated Fate will release in all its splendor, causing incredible effects as far as the eye can see."

"So, to answer your question," Buddha said, meeting Beelzebub's gaze, "Yes. There are other Candidates. Anyone with latent potential who is capable of rising to meet that potential can become the Envoy. The clock is ticking. Time waits for no Sentient."

Beelzebub looked down at the ground. He fell completely silent for several minutes.

The sun slowly descended below the horizon until half of its body had become hidden, turning the red sky into a soft hue of pink.

"If I become the Envoy of Destiny, will I die?"

"Someday." Buddha said with a subtle nod. "But all Sentients die eventually. Whether your end comes sooner or later is determined by the Karma you reap."

That finally gave Beelzebub the information he wanted. Slowly, he stood up, then turned to face Buddha.

The two men stood, staring at one another. Beelzebub evaluated the man who had completely one-upped him in physical combat and ascetic knowledge. He still felt he could obliterate Buddha's existence with a wave of his hand, but if the two of them were at the same level of power, Beelzebub wouldn't stand a chance.

"...I'm not going to allow Chaos to decide my Destiny." Beelzebub finally said. "Can you teach me?"

Buddha closed his eyes.

"I teach any who are willing to learn."

Upon hearing this, Beelzebub knelt down on one knee and bowed his head.

"Then from now on... I will call you 'master.'"

"And I shall call you 'student.'" Buddha said solemnly. "Now rise. There is much work to do."