Part 502: Future Protagonist
Part 502: Future Protagonist

_Two hours earlier._

Amelia Greyheart, the former Black Queen, finds herself absentmindedly wandering around Tarus II, inside the middle of the capital city, the Fortress of Retribution.

With Hope gone, she can't bear to sit idly in the Hall of Heroes, waiting hundreds of hours for news of his return... or worse. She'd much rather come out into the real world to speed things up. The problem is, she finds she just doesn't have much to do.

So, to pass the time, she wanders over to the special facility she helped Blinker build; the Queen Network.

Dozens of giant trees glow with magical energy. They appear much taller than a week before, having continued to gently feed on the energy of humans, demons, and monsters that have been using their power. Amelia approaches the Network, thinking she might pop in to work some aggression out in this special soul-simulator, but she finds a huge line stretching away from the entrance, consisting of at least 500 humans, demons, and monsters all waiting to train in the Queen Network's special soul-space.

Amelia blinks. "Wow. It's... more popular than I expected. Maybe we should expand the system's capacity."

She scratches her head, feeling slightly annoyed. She could jump the line and nobody would have the right to complain, given she was one of the Network's inventors, but that just wouldn't sit right with her.

As Amelia stands away from the line, not sure of what to do, she hears a voice speak up behind her.

"Ah-ah-ah! Amelia, I've fin-ally found you! What luck, meet-ing you here!"

Amelia blinks. She turns around to see a familiar female demon a stone's throw away, walking toward her. The demon's horns appear a bit larger than in the past, and her spiritual energy, substantially greater.

"Dawn." Amelia says. "Haven't seen you in a while. Not since you led me to.. the... well, you know."

"To Gressil's pris-on, yes." Dawn says. She doesn't smile at Amelia, and appears noticeably less bubbly than usual. "I need to spe-ak to you. Can we... go somewhere more priv-ate?"

"Uh. Sure." Amelia says slowly. "Why? Is something... wrong?"

The black-haired demoness looks around, as if searching for something, or perhaps someone.

"Well. Yes. You will see. Emperor Kristoff wouldn't want me to spe-ak about the matter public-ly."

"Oh, alright then." Amelia says.

She and Dawn make their way back to the city's interior, where they visit the _Horned Maître_ and take up a private booth on the second floor. Here, the meals are cheaper, and the floor is more crowded, but finding a magically-soundproofed privacy screen is plenty doable.

Amelia starts to reach into her pocket for a Merit Token, but she feels a bit of surprise when Dawn casually tosses two out, paying for the private booth herself.

"You have tokens?" Amelia asks.

"I have been contri-buting to humanity's cause." Dawn explains, as they head upstairs to grab a booth. "I am a Baron now. The Baron of Quiet."

"Not a very intimidating title." Amelia says absentmindedly.

"It is not supposed to be." Dawn says, finally baring a faint, toothy smile. Her vampire canines poke out of her mouth for a moment before she retracts them.

Her smile evaporates, and she remains sitting in silence for a moment.

"Something big is happen-ing." Dawn says quietly. "An... oper-ation. Emperor Kristoff is a part of it. So are most of the other De-mon Emperors."

"Huh? I haven't heard anything about this." Amelia replies.

"I would imagine not. It is being kept on the down-low." Dawn whispers conspiratorially. "Because they did not want the Wordsmiths to know... Emperor Mephisto... is alive."

"WHAT?!" Amelia exclaims, nearly jumping out of her seat. "He IS?! Oh, of _course_ he is! That piece of shit is like a cockroach! He just keeps coming back!"

Amelia's words don't escape the privacy barrier, nor are her actions noticed by anyone outside the booth.

Dawn remains calm on the surface, but her eyes tell a different story.

"Things did... not go well. They went poorly, in fact. Mephisto discovered... a se-cret. He uncovered some method of as-cending to the rank of Demon Deity. Like Wolfram did. Only, this as-cension is... stable. It would not be temporary, but permanent."

Amelia calms down. Her blood runs cold as she realizes what Dawn is implying.

"He... wait... so the other Emperors attacked him in secret? They didn't tell Jason or Hope? But why not? Unless..."

Dawn lowers her eyes in shame.

"They wanted that se-cret. They wanted to steal Mephisto's know-ledge. But the operation failed. Mephisto worked with Emperor Glinch. He held them back long enough for Mephisto to as-cend."

Dawn pauses.

"As we speak, Mephisto is doing bat-tle with the Emperors. But things are not going well. They will likely use Crow's abili-ty to temporarily become a Demon Deity herself. If she cannot defeat Mephisto, all will be lost."

"How do you know all this? Why didn't you tell anyone sooner?" Amelia asks, glaring at Dawn. "We have to tell Neil! Or Phoebe! The Wordsmiths need to act fast!"

Dawn shifts in her seat uncomfortably. "The Emperors... would not like me saying anything. And I... I am... in con-flict. You may not realize this but... Emperor Fenrir was kil-led. She was my Lady. I served her for thousands of years. Now, I... don't know what to do. Mephisto has Lupus's soul. Kristoff is fighting, too. I should follow my or-ders, but it does not feel right."

"Well, we have to do _something!_" Amelia exclaims. "We can't just sit on our butts."

"But what do we do, then?" Dawn asks. "I follow or-ders. I do not give them out. That is why I came to you. I hoped you could help."

"We... should go find Phoebe." Amelia says decisively. "She's reliable. She can contact Jason. Unfortunately, Hope is occupied right now. But we need to alert the First Wordsmith. Oh, and we have to tell Neil, too. If Mephisto has ascended, he should be stronger than any Emperor, right?"

Dawn shrugs helplessly. "I do not know. The Emperors spoke of Wolfram as being wea-ker than the Cherubiim, but still imposs-ibly strong. If Mephisto is similar, perhaps we will need the help of the Arch-angels?"

"Yeah. Asking them for help might be a good idea too." Amelia says. "Let's go alert Phoebe first, though. I trust her a lot more than any of those old pigeons."

Amelia and Dawn hastily get up and leave. Dawn shoots a look of surprise at Amelia.

"I for-got you have bad blood with the angels."

"I'll never forgive them." Amelia says quietly. "They made my best friend suffer. Especially that Raphael. He's the worst one of all."

"Well. I will not dis-agree with that statement." Dawn mutters appreciatively.

---

Cassiel, the last living Lazarite, walks with her companion, Soleil, the sentient Construct. The two of them happen to simply be wandering around Tarus II on this fine day, letting the sunshine warm their backs. Given their human disguises, they don't stand out from the crowd.

While Cassiel's disguise relies on her Heaven's Shroud, Soleil can simply change her appearance by morphing her body. The two of them draw no attention.

"I don't like this feeling." Cassiel says to her companion quietly. "Can you feel it, Soleil? There's a strange 'power' somewhere in the galaxy. It's demonic."

"I cannot detect any noteworthy energy signature." Soleil responds.

"Mmm. We should see if Raphael knows anything." Cassiel mutters, looking around the plaza. "His senses should be sharper than mine."

The two of them continue walking the streets, heading toward the eastern side of the city, where the last church remains standing. But before they can draw within eyeshot of it, a man steps out in front of them.

Cassiel doesn't flinch in fear, since she recognizes him. But she does appear slightly surprised.

"Siddhartha?" Cassiel asks.

Buddha nods at her unsmilingly. "Daughter of Heaven. Am I correct in assuming you can sense the distant Threat?"

"Yes. Why? Do you sense it too?" Cassiel asks, shooting Soleil a relieved look. It isn't just her general jumpiness acting up again.

"A great danger approaches. A causal anomaly." Buddha says quietly. "Were you planning to ask Raphael about this matter?"

Cassiel nods slowly. "Yes. Why?"

Buddha purses his lips.

"The old man. Do not trust him. Raphael knows more than he says. He has a... hidden agenda."

"Huh? Aren't you two friends?" Soleil asks, frowning at Buddha suspiciously. In her eyes, Soleil views herself as half an angel, so she tends to mentally align herself with their interests.

"I am friendly with Raphael when our goals converge." Buddha says quietly. "But that creature... that old monster... he is not humanity's ally. He only uses our strength to advance his agenda."

Buddha glances around the town square. Too many humans and demons stand within earshot, so he dares not speak too boldly.

"I've said what I needed to say. But keep your wits about you, Daughter of Heaven. Your karmic threads indicate a future of great significance may yet play out, so long as you survive. Do not cast yourself onto any blades, for the importance you may yet play in the Creator's scheme is more significant than you realize."

Cassiel blinks twice, uncomprehending. Just as she is about to ask what the heck Buddha means, he steps toward her and leans in close to whisper in his ear.

"_The old man. He may grow to fear you. He views you as a child he raised. But that fact will not shield you forever. Do not forget... Raphael is not your ally._"

Cassiel looks at Buddha strangely, as if gazing at a stranger. He pulls away from her and folds his hands together.

"The four forces will converge. Karma. Chaos. Luck. Destiny. Even I cannot presume how they will ultimately play out. The Great Shattering is approaching. It will change everything."

"So... what should I do, then?" Cassiel asks.

"Keep to yourself. Focus on yourself. Stay true to yourself." Buddha says softly. "Right now, you must focus on becoming the best 'you' that has ever existed. I sense that in the future, a billion beings will come to rely on your strength. If it is insufficient, countless sentients will die."

"I... I don't know." Cassiel mumbles, feeling disheartened. "Me? I'm just a Lazarite. I'm nothing special."

"You and I both know that isn't true." Buddha murmurs quietly. "If you were 'only' a mere Lazarite, Raphael would not have devoted so much attention to training you. You have a potential even he cannot fathom. I fear that if he truly grasped its depths, he might..."

Buddha pauses, allowing the implication to linger.

He turns his attention to the Construct.

"Soleil. You are a Sentient, but your existence is unnatural. Neither Karma, nor Chaos, nor Destiny, nor Luck can bind you. The same is true of your sister. Do not underestimate your potential. I look forward to seeing what you can accomplish alongside your charge."

Soleil snorts. "Of course I'm amazing. I have a duty to perform. I have to _kill_ the _bad man._"

She flicks her eyes to the side of Cassiel's head for a brief second before returning her attention to Buddha.

"But I don't like the way you talk about Raphael. He's done nothing to deserve your slander."

Buddha snorts contemptuously. He narrows his eyes to slits.

"If you had _any_ idea of how wretched that Archangel was, you would not speak such words."

He turns away from them, then starts to walk away.

"I've said my piece. I hope you'll both take care of yourselves and await the coming changes. Don't throw your lives away needlessly."

Cassiel and Soleil remain silent, watching as Buddha departs. When he rounds the corner, they remain standing in place for a minute or two.

"Are you feeling alright?" Soleil asks, turning her attention to Cassiel.

Cassiel gazes into the distance, appearing a little dazed. She reaches her hand up to massage her eyelids, then looks at Soleil.

"I... I'm fine. I just... find it hard to follow along with Buddha's logic. I knew Raphael for 600 years, until the end of the Energy Wars. He trained me, guided me, mentored me. And now... Buddha tells me... this? I don't understand."

"Well. Who do you trust more?" Soleil asks. "Buddha? Or Raphael?"

"If it were only a matter of the time spent together, the answer would be Raphael." Cassiel replies. "But... Buddha was my friend for multiple reincarnations. Before I died, when I was a sick little girl, he came to comfort me and ease my passing. He was the Reverend of my church at the time. I knew him before I even knew Raphael."

"And after you became an angel?" Soleil asks.

"I ran into him on several occasions." Cassiel explains. Raphael used to dispatch me to Earth to hunt lesser demons as a part of my training. He rarely did that for other angels, but he always did it for me. Buddha had a way of popping up whenever I came down to Earth. It's almost like... like he knew where I'd be."

"He's an odd fellow." Soleil says. "Bit of a stalker, if you ask me."

"Oh, Soleil. It's not like that." Cassiel mutters.

"Maybe not." Soleil acknowledges. "But looking back, it seems odd, doesn't it? Almost like Buddha was looking to make friends with you. And all that weird talk... why does he act as if he can see the future? What's all this about a _Great Shattering_?"

"He's mentioned it a few times, but he's never told me." Cassiel says. "Maybe he can see the future after all. I just don't know."

She pauses.

"...Well. I think I'll hold off on talking to Raphael. Let's just wait and see what happens next."

Soleil shrugs. "You're the boss."

---

_At a lake east of the Fortress of Retribution._

"I didn't know you could be such a romantic."

"Well. I've been out of the game for a long time. I don't have much idea what I'm doing."

Neil Adams and Linda Hurent sit in a rowboat in the middle of the lake, side by side, with fishing rods in their hands. Linda smiles at Neil, enjoying the moment.

After asking Neil out a few days earlier, she was surprised when he agreed. Knowing Neil, she expected him to shut her down. After all, the man lost his entire family when Bahamut took over his body and turned him into an immortal monster-slave.

But now, on their second date, Linda and Neil sit in the boat, staring out at the beautiful placid water. She can't help but feel happy, especially when she notices he's been smiling a bit more than usual.

"That's where I disagree." Linda says. "This was a good date idea."

Neil sighs, but says nothing. He looks out at the distant shore for several long seconds, becoming lost in thought.

"...So many matters demand my attention these days." Neil says quietly. "It's nice to take a day off."

"You don't ever stop working under normal circumstances, do you?" Linda asks, nudging his ribs gently with her elbow. "Revenge against the demons is fine and all, but if I might be so bold... you should stop and smell the roses once in a while. If you don't have anything to live for, or anything you enjoy doing, then what reason do you have to keep fighting?"

A pair of absurdly-colored pink birds with dark purple heads land in the lake and splash around a hundred feet from the boat, animals native to Tarus II. Neil watches them idly.

"I'd argue revenge is good enough for its own sake." Neil says. "But... you're right. I have felt a certain emptiness for the past six years. A loneliness of sorts."

He turns his head to look at her.

"That's why I... wanted to thank you, Linda. Thank you for asking me out."

Linda blushes. She coughs awkwardly, feeling a little intimidated by his soft gaze.

"I just couldn't bear to see you doing what you do, all alone, Neil. Besides. I'm not really an expert on these matters, either."

"Never dated before?" Neil asks, returning his eyes to the lake.

"Well. 'Dated' isn't really the right... I mean..."

Linda trails off.

"I'm just a random woman from one of the worlds you liberated. Before you came along, my life was... rough. The demons would frequently come to my village. They'd... take men and women away. Sometimes they'd perform vile acts toward my friends and family. My sister, for example..."

Neil's expression doesn't change.

But his heart tremors with a flicker of rage.

"I'm sorry you had to go through that. I'm sorry anyone ever did. It's not right."

Linda nods. "But that's why I respect you, you know. The Wordsmiths are powerful, yeah. It's great they have the strength to cow the demons, but they're like gods. They have powers none of us could imagine."

She sighs.

"I respect the work Jason and Hope have done. I do. But if I can be honest? Hope is just Jason, in essence. It was you who molded him into a demon-killing machine. He'd still be a dope like his original self without you whipping him into shape. It's you who has been gluing humanity back together this whole time, not the Wordsmiths. That's why I... like you... the most."

Neil accepts the compliment graciously. He smiles.

"It's easy to act superior when one is born superior. It's easy to think of oneself as brave when one has the strength to fight back. But it's when you don't have strength, or capital, or resources to defeat a superior opponent, yet you keep standing up to them... that is what makes a person brave."

Linda nods. "I agree. That's why I've decided to follow you to the very end. Even if you leave the Wordsmiths behind, I'll have faith in you and you alone, Neil."

"I appreciate your confidence in me." Neil chuckles. "But I'm only a man. In a universe of demons, monsters, and aliens... a single man can't do much."

"That's where we disagree." Linda says, before leaning to the side and resting her head on his shoulder.

The two of them share a little laugh. They look into each other's eyes with big smiles, Neil having the best time he's had in years and feeling some of his worries fading into the back of his mind, while Linda bats her eyes at him, happy she decided to take a chance on asking Humanity's Commander out.

But.

All good things eventually come to an end.

Neil's communicator beeps. He ignores it, but then it beeps again, souring the mood.

The man clears his throat, then reaches into his pocket.

"Sorry. One second. Let me deal with this." Neil says rolling his eyes. "I told them not to bug me today..."

Linda pulls away from his shoulder. "It's fine, Neil. You're a busy man."

"Not THAT busy." Neil grumps, as he lifts the communicator to his ear. "Neil speaking."

He falls silent for a moment, but his expression begins to change.

"He did _what_? Without telling me? And now... you're sure? That goddamned idiot... _fuck_."

Neil bites the last word off, then mashes his thumb against the 'end call' button before shoving the communicator back in his pocket.

For a brief moment, he says nothing. Linda also remains silent, waiting to see if he'll explain.

"...FUCK." Neil says again, half-yelling, half-expelling the word from his mouth with a look of rage to back it up. "Hope, you dumb, stupid bastard."

Linda blinks. "Hope? What happened?"

"Wordsmiths. That's what happened." Neil hisses through clenched teeth. "Hope went to 'visit' Founder Unarin. I remember him telling me about some disgusting things he saw on Moonbase Serris- you remember Serris?"

Neil glances at Linda, looking for confirmation. She nods.

"You told me he blew up the Volgrim moon."

"Right, he sure did." Neil growls, looking away. "Anyway, Hope found out the Volgrim were experimenting on humans in a manner most disgusting. I told him not to take any action without consulting me, but now he's gone to Volgarius to confront Founder Unarin directly. It seems he's just returned and brought 'extremely bad news.'"

Neil reaches into his other pocket and pulls out a small palm-sized device, then hands it to Linda.

"Here. An emergency teleporter. I'm sorry, Linda. We have to cut this short. Put it on your chest and push the button. It'll take you back to the Northern Base."

Neil pulls out his own E-Teleporter and attaches it to his chest, while Linda gazes at the object in her hands with a look of dismay.

"Like I said." She murmurs. "I follow you, Neil. Not the Wordsmiths."

"I look forward to a future when we no longer need to rely on them." Neil says, before pressing the button on his teleporter.

_Foop!_

Neil vanishes from the boat, leaving Linda behind.

Linda doesn't immediately activate hers.

She sits there for five long minutes, staring out at the water in silence.

Eventually, she does activate it. Then she disappears.