Part 376: Marching Toward the Future
Part 376: Marching Toward the Future

After saying farewell to Phoebe, Buddha walks toward the entrance of the Archangel's church, their current home. The structure, while just as new as all the others on Tarus II, exudes a certain majesty that causes any who look at it to feel a momentary sense of awe.

Except for Buddha.

As a reincarnator, Buddha has lived more than a hundred lives. He has seen through the beauty of the world, as well as its ugliness. Despite being positioned on the 'side' of humanity and the angels, he does not hold any special reverence for the Creator's children.

"A lovely church." Buddha muses, before pushing the church's doors open.

With Phoebe having just left, the sound of the doors being opened a second time causes the lone angel inside, Cassiel, to turn her head toward the entrance. Expecting Phoebe to return due to forgetting something, Cassiel instead blinks in surprise when a random Japanese man walks inside.

The man appears to be in his forties, or perhaps even his fifties. A calm and peaceful aura of serenity surrounds him, making him appear small and harmless. As he enters, he takes off his straw hat and holds up a bouquet of roses, smiling faintly.

"Hello, Cassiel. That is what they call you now, isn't it? I thought I would pay my respects. Though, I am not certain if you will remember me."

As the man approaches, Cassiel stiffens. She slides a little on the piano bench, pulling away from Makoto Ueda as he walks toward her. However, Makoto changes direction to walk to a window on the opposite side of the room as the Lazarite. Spotting an empty ornamental vase, he picks it up and walks over to a nearby sink. The interior of the church's ground level is neither excessively regal, nor overly practical. Rather, it is a mixture of holiness with a few modern amenities.

Buddha does not look in Cassiel's general direction, but instead, places some dirt in the bottom of the vase, adds a small amount of water, and unwraps the roses before placing them inside.

"Lovely, aren't they?" He asks rhetorically. "Roses are beautiful, yet their thorns can hurt if one were to grasp them too firmly. Similarly, beauty can lead to covetousness, greed, and pain. You have suffered greatly, these past hundred millennia. I am sorry that you had to endure such awful torment."

The hunched-over old man wanders back to the window and places the flowers in front of the sunlight shining through. He smiles gently, then turns to face Cassiel again.

"Daughter of Heaven. We have spoken many times in the past. While this is my first time appearing before you in this body, perhaps you can still recognize an old friend?"

Cassiel's expression shifts, ever so slightly. Her heartbeat quickens.

She stares at the man for several long moments.

After a full minute, she swallows heavily.

"G-Gau...ta...ma?"

Her voice shakes and cracks, belying her shattered sense of confidence, but Buddha doesn't fault her.

"So you do still remember. That warms my heart. Indeed, I am Gautama Buddha. I recently revived due to a series of interesting karmic coincidences, and now, I have come to give my greetings."

Buddha bows slightly in greeting, then walks over to Cassiel's side. While she does flinch slightly, she doesn't try to run away, and instead remains sitting, watching him with her crystal clear eyes.

Buddha calmly sits down beside Cassiel. Instead of making eye contact with her, he places his gaze on the piano, noticing the empty sheet music holder on its top.

"Ah. How unfortunate. A piano, but it has no music. Is this not a small tragedy? This instrument has but one purpose, yet it is unable to fulfill its destiny. As I recall, you are quite the accomplished pianist, yet you do not appear interested in playing a melody. If so, may I have the honor?"

Cassiel stares at the side of Buddha's head, examining his profile. After a few moments, she nods, then turns to face the piano, just like him.

The Lazarite and reincarnator both fall silent. Buddha begins to play a song on the piano, one of Beethoven's symphonies, the very first one. Under the flow of his fingers, a soft and melodious tune flows out, lacking any pomp or circumstance.

For ten full minutes, neither Buddha nor Cassiel says anything. They merely listen while his fingers rhythmically play through the first half of the piece.

At some point, after reaching a crescendo, Buddha smiles.

"Do you remember? You and I used to talk about all sorts of things, back in the old days. Before the Energy Wars, and before humanity properly matured. You were only a hundred years old, just a small child compared to me. Still insecure, and trying to find your place among the angels. Back then, you were such a chatty little dove. You always had something to say, while I was the quiet old man filled with melancholy."

Buddha's fingers continue to dance across the keys, but he slows his pace.

"Look at how things have changed. Now, it is me who talks, while you sit silently. I suppose this is the cycle of karma at play, yes? The past affects the future. Cause and effect. Causality..."

Several more minutes pass. Buddha and Cassiel remain silent. Finally, he concludes Beethoven's First Symphony and leans to the side stretching and popping his back.

"Mmm. A beautiful song. But not as lovely as I imagine your voice might be. Is there something you want to say, Cassiel? I am always here, if you wish to discuss the... unspeakable tragedies you have suffered."

Cassiel continues to say nothing. However, a flicker passes over her eyes, a haze that doesn't simply come and go. She knits her brow, glances at Buddha, then averts her eyes.

"I..."

Cassiel whispers a single syllable, but falls silent again.

Buddha closes his eyes. He inhales and exhales.

"The wound... runs deep. Your pain is not something even I can fathom. In my many lives, I have lost family and friends. I have perished in fires, earthquakes, and avalanches. My fellow man has brought about my end through iron and steel and has hunted me down, claiming I was a witch. I have lived in captivity as a slave, in decadence as a king, and have even been tortured by crusaders during an inquisition. Yet, I still cannot pretend to know your pain."

Buddha's gaze hardens, ever so slightly.

"Nevertheless... if there is one thing I know, it is that pain and trauma are not merely permanent afflictions one must passively suffer. They are an opportunity! A chance to grow. Through pain, one can comprehend and expand their limits. Though the eyes of your oppressor may have burned themselves into your mind, that can instead become your drive. By treating your pain as a tempering opportunity, you can overcome the past and push toward a brighter future!"

Buddha touches the piano before him.

"Can a deaf man appreciate the sounds of music? Some would say 'no,' yet Beethoven became a renowned musician whose legacy lasted for millennia. It is only when you lose or lack something that you fully appreciate what you still have left."

"Now that you have suffered, the blisses of life surely seem inconsequential." Buddha continues. "Compared to your pain and fear, how can you ever feel happiness again? You must harbor these thoughts, all day long. Am I right, Daughter of Heaven?"

Cassiel bows her head. Her dainty hands ball into fists, and she nods along to Buddha's words.

"How... how can... I... be... happy again?" Cassiel whispers, her voice soft and wracked with sorrow.

"Happiness is not a state of mind. It is a pursuit that one can devote themselves to, either in full or in part." Buddha answers. "Some people never pursue happiness. Some are content to search out pain, or rage, or hatred. Many demons live like this. So do many humans, and more than a few angels have, as well. Let me ask you this, Cassiel... is it truly 'happiness' that you seek, or something else?"

He turns his head slightly to look at her.

"Was the Blood Reaper ever a truly happy woman? From what I remember, it was not peace and love that you sought, but a higher calling. It was the end of demonkind. The extinction of humanity and the angels' perpetual enemies. In short... what you sought was a purpose. And a purpose... hehe."

He shakes his head while chuckling.

"A purpose does not require any particular emotion. You have lost your purpose, but it is not yet impossible for you to recover it. Much as the karma of your past sent you into a dungeon, so too can the karma of that dungeon send you soaring into the skies. You merely need to accept your pain, let it flow through you, and step back onto the path you once walked. It is not so difficult."

Cassiel quietly listens to Buddha's guidance. When he finishes speaking, she heavily blinks her large, limpid eyes.

"Let... it... flow..."

The Lazarite opens her fists. She stares at her palms, as if trying to divine her future through her fingerprint lines.

"What if... I'm not... good enough? I failed once. I can't... I'll fail again..."

Buddha's expression becomes heavy. He gently places his palm on the back of Cassiel's neck and gives her a light squeeze. Despite him being a man, she doesn't recoil from his touch, showing her deep trust in him.

"You don't think highly enough of yourself, little one. You are worthy. You always have been. Even now, you walk in that woman's shadow, afraid you will never measure up... and while her legacy is ironclad, lasting even to this very day, you are not inferior to her. I have divined the causality of the coming times. When the Great Shattering occurs, you can create a big splash, but only if you are able to push past your trauma and become whole again. Neither I nor anyone else can solve these problems for you. You must do so yourself."

Buddha slowly retracts his hand, but he pauses to touch Cassiel's cheek. Smiling, he lowers his arm and folds his fingers through hers, enveloping her palm in his.

"You are delicate, like that vase from before. You might break if someone throws you to the floor. But you are also strong. You retain your spirit, but fear to let it flourish. Of the people living in this universe, you have the potential to rise above all of them. You can become a goddess of death, or a goddess of life, but in the end, that choice remains yours."

Cassiel's eyes flick to Buddha's hand, still clasping hers. She brings her other hand over to rest atop his, and faintly smiles.

"I... I see. I thought... I thought I could never... be whole... again. Maybe I'm not... not a failure... after all."

"Hahaha..." Buddha chuckles. "It is only through failure that one's worldview can reach the apex. Now that you know what you can lose, you will never again let it cloud your thoughts. Isn't that so?"

Cassiel nods. "Yes."

With a nod, Buddha pulls his hand away. He stands up and reaches into his pocket, then pulls a small necklace out of his robes.

"I have a gift for you, Cassiel. If you ever wish to step outside this church, you'll draw the attention of countless demon eyes. However, if you happen to wear this relic, well..."

Cassiel's heart skips a beat when she sees the necklace. She stands up, a look of shock on her face as she looks at Buddha.

"My... my... locket!"

"Indeed, it is." Buddha says. "Camael's artifacts are not the sorts of items one can permanently lose, certainly not by accident. I followed your path of Karma and stumbled upon it... and now I'll return it to you."

He reaches out and places the locket in Cassiel's palm, tracing his fingers across hers before pulling away.

"You know how it works. When the time is right, I hope you will put that artifact to good use."

Buddha turns and walks away.

Just as he is about to push open the church's doors, Cassiel calls out from behind him.

"Master... Buddha... thank you!"

He smiles back at her.

"You are very welcome, little one."

---

Jason Hiro hovers in the sky, levitating through the use of wings he grew via a Word of Power. As his angelic wings flap, he finishes some miscellaneous business, communicating with several of humanity's leaders and sighing deeply.

"Yes. I already confirmed the time. It'll happen in a few days. Unarin insisted. I'll talk to Phoebe about who will be in charge while I'm gone. Okay. Yeah, thanks. Jason out."

The Wordsmith groans. He glances at the waning sun and checks his T-REX's internal clock.

"Almost nine PM. It's about time to call it a day. If anyone else wants to pester me... fuck 'em."

A moment later, he speaks a Word of Power. "**Teleport.**"

He travels to the east side of the Fortress of Retribution, arriving at a large mansion near the edge of town. Not only do Jason and Phoebe live here, but so do more than a hundred children, all of them orphans rescued from various places. Some of their parents may have died during Stormbringer, but the majority of them were child slaves beamed out of the Seven Hells to Tarus II.

In addition, one other person lives at the mansion, his identity being the Minotaur, Yamir. As a renowned chef, his ability to cater child-friendly food en-masse makes him quite popular with all the orphans.

As for Jason and Phoebe, they find a small amount of comfort in taking care of children after losing their own daughter. Not only can they give the kids a place to live, play, and sleep, but they can satisfy their own maternal and paternal instincts, as well.

"The Word Man is back!" One of the girls shouts, drawing the attention of the others.

"Word Man! Word Man!" Chant the other children as Jason steps inside.

Feeling a little helpless, Jason chuckles. "Is Phoebe back yet, kids?"

"Uh-huh! Miss Hiro is helping Yamir make the food!" Says one of the older boys. "It should be done, real soon!"

"Great." Jason says, ruffling the kid's hair.

Not long after, Jason sits down with his wife and Yamir in the house's huge dining area, where three long tables filled with scrumptious kid-friendly food awaits. Robotic butlers made by Phoebe serve the food and clean up, and everyone takes some time to talk and unwind after a long, hard day of work.

Later, as night falls, Jason and Phoebe go upstairs to their master bedroom. After closing and locking the door, they both sigh deeply. Jason plops face-first on the bed, defeat etched into his face.

"Every day, Phoebe... every day. I just don't know if I'm cut out for this 'leader' business. I'm only twenty-four years old. I barely feel like I've gotten a grasp on 'adult stuff,' let alone managing a whole planet of people."

Phoebe undresses, taking off her brown leather armor and other clothes to slip into dark red lingerie and a bathrobe. She sits on the opposite edge of the bed, listening to Jason with a faint smile on her face.

"That's not true. You're one hundred thousand and twenty-four years old, husband."

"The... the hundred thousand doesn't count." Jason retorts, turning to stick his tongue out at her. 

"If you say so."

Phoebe's smile fades away. A much more vague expression, lacking any emotion, takes its place.

Jason doesn't miss this detail. Having been married to Phoebe for more than six years, he's already learned to pick up on her moods.

"How did your day go, hun? Honey? Phoebe?"

Jason repeats his words, until Phoebe snaps out of what seems to be a daze.

"Oh! Uh... it was... it was... fine."

"Fine?" He asks, frowning even deeper. He rolls onto the bed and lays on his side, facing her. Even so, she continues sitting at the edge of the bed, with her back facing him.

"Come on. Is something eating at you? You wanna talk about it?" Jason asks.

Phoebe goes quiet.

Several seconds pass, with only the sounds of her breathing and his permeating the air.

"I..." Phoebe says, her words hesitant. "I... talked to Samantha today. I was feeling a little nauseous, but wasn't sure why, and..."

Jason lifts up his head and rests his face against his palm by crooking his arm into a 'V' shape.

"Yeah?"

Phoebe's voice catches. She turns to look at Jason, but in that moment, tears well up in her eyes. Before Jason can react, she suddenly buries her face in her palms and chokes back sobs!

"I'm... I'm pregnant!" Phoebe cries, wailing painfully. Her words tear at Jason's chest, making him quickly sit up. He pulls closer to her, visibly shocked.

"Phoebe! You're pregnant? But... but that's good news! It's great news! Why are you crying...? I don't understand..."

He crawls behind her on the bed and wraps his arms around his sobbing wife. Her previous statement and her tears make him feel a rush of indescribable emotions. The Wordsmith momentarily can't even decide if he should be happy or sad.

"I don't deserve it!" Phoebe cries. "Hic... I don't deserve it... what kind of mother am I... just... just terrible...!!"

Jason embraces Phoebe from behind, his emotions turbulent. He rubs her arms and leans his chin on her shoulder, trying to console her.

"It's good news, Phoebe. Not bad. You're not a terrible mother. You can't say things like that..."

"I couldn't save Daisy!" Phoebe sobs. "I don't deserve a child! I don't deserve anything!"

"That's not true. I love you, and so does everyone else. Daisy might be gone... but... her death was never your fault. It was mine, if anyone's." Jason says, his expression turning cloudy.

"While you were off-planet, hic... I was in a coma! I should have been awake to protect Daisy! How can I have another child?! I should just... abort it!"

"Phoebe!" Jason exclaims, more than a little shocked. "How could you say that? Of all the people I know, you wouldn't ever be the sort..."

Tears and snot continue to stream down Phoebe's face. She pulls away her hands to wipe at her eyes furiously. "If I'm just going to kill my kids, I might as well do it now! There's... there's no p-point in going on with a charade, Jason! There's no god-damned point!"

Phoebe's tears of sorrow shift quickly, far faster than even Jason can anticipate. They quickly turn to tears of rage and self-loathing.

"One dead child! Two! What does it even matter?! I'm a failure of a mother anyway! I shouldn't ever have another one, not ever!"

Pulling away from her husband's embrace, Phoebe stands up and walks to the other side of the room. She paces back and forth, visibly agitated, while her chest heaves with frustration.

Jason stares at her gloomily. He lowers his gaze and shakes his head.

"If you insist on an abortion, I won't stop you. It would break my heart, and I know it would break yours, but I come from a relatively progressive time, so I'm a bit understanding on this issue. Even so, Phoebe... is that really what you want? Is that what _Daisy_ would want? She asked us to give her a little brother too many times to count. If Daisy knew you wanted to... kill her sibling... what would she say?"

Phoebe slows to a stop in front of a body-sized mirror. She rubs her stomach slowly, feeling much of her anger disperse. Staring at herself in the mirror, feelings of remorse once again return, but this time, much more mildly than before.

"I... I don't know. I don't know, Jason. I just feel... like... I always fail. I failed Arthur. I failed Daisy. I can't do anything right. What is the point in even trying?"

Jason gets up and walks over to his wife. He hugs her from behind and rocks back and forth, ever so gently.

"I've failed a lot of times too, Phoebe. A lot of times. Like... like a _lot_ of times. Holy crap, so many times. But... if there's one thing I've learned, it's that picking myself up after a failure always makes me a little bit stronger, smarter, or perhaps even a little wiser. As long as there is life, there is hope. What happened to Daisy was... yeah. But we can't stay stuck in the past forever. She wouldn't want that. If I were to die, I wouldn't want you to give up, either. It's not right."

Phoebe turns around to look in Jason's eyes. "If you died? No, Jason, no... you can't say things like that. If I lost you, what would I even do? How could I possibly go on?"

"I feel the same about you." Jason says, gazing into her eyes. "But if we have another child, we'll always have a pillar. Something to live for. Don't you see? This is the Creator giving us a second chance. I don't want to throw that away."

Phoebe looks down at her belly.

"...Samantha said I'm about one month pregnant. That means... even before Stormbringer..."

Jason sucks in a breath. "Such timing... this can't be a simple coincidence. Don't you see, Phoebe? We have to keep it. No matter whether it's a boy or a girl, we'll love him or her, just as we did for Daisy. We'll try again, and this time... we'll do things right."

Phoebe steels her expression. She nods at Jason, while a look of determination embeds itself on her face. After wiping away the last of her tears, she forces a smile.

"I'm sorry. I... lost myself for a moment, Jason. I'm so glad I married you. You've given me nothing but happiness."

"I don't deserve a wife as good as you." Jason replies. "Every day with you, even those days when the demons are trying to kill us, are pure bliss. I love you, Phoebe."

"I love you too, Jason." Phoebe whispers.

After reconciling their hearts, the man and woman come together, kissing one another passionately. They pull each other close and embrace, feeling their heartbeats intertwine.

"No regrets." Jason says. "Never. Remember that, Phoebe."

She nods. "I will. Always."