Jason yawned mightily and stretched his arms out, blinking his eyes open. The sound of trickling water nearby caught his attention, along with a distant banging, like a spoon on a pan. He started to lean forward, and his back popped satisfyingly, stunning him for a second.

_I think I just had the best sleep of my entire life._ Jason thought.

His eyes roved around. He had no idea where he was, but it seemed... _cozy_. The cavern he was in was perhaps thirty feet squared, and moss covered all the cavern walls. To his right, a small freshwater stream bubbled from a wall, dripped down, and ran along a natural culvert in the ground until it entered another wall. Hoarhiim's orb illuminated the room, but he didn't appear in Jason's mind. Perhaps he was sleeping? Jason stuck him in his belt pouch.

His head hurt. He reached up to rub it, only to realize he was still wearing Solomon's Crown. With a shrug, he activated his mental map. It took him a few minutes, but he managed to piece together his current position compared to where he was when he fell asleep: about three miles away. He healed the sores on his head with a quick spell and leaned back to think.

_I didn't fall asleep. Amelia knocked me out. Where is she?_ Jason thought.

He clambered to his feet, but there was nobody else here. The entrance before him was barely a hole in the wall. He'd have to crawl on his hands and knees to get through it. Did Amelia drag him here? How did she fit him inside?

A glance at his resting area showed the moss he was sleeping on was thick to the point of artificiality. It looked like someone had grown it by hand, just for him.

Another minute passed. He didn't know where Amelia was, but an idea popped into his head. "**Locate.**"

His vision went foggy for a second. His eyes suddenly raced to the wall before him, passed through it, and traveled around several corners to stop before Amelia as she walked along a corridor. She didn't notice him, indicating he must have somehow used astral projection. He returned to his body a moment later, nearly tripping and falling backward in the process.

_That was jarring._ Jason thought.

With a sigh, he got down on his hands and knees and started crawling out the little hole. Amelia was on her way back, and she wasn't far, so she'd probably show up within a minute or two.

The hole looked like it had been cut or smashed into the wall, and recently at that. As he shimmed through the few feet of dirt, he stopped to scrutinize the hole. It almost looked like the Labyrinth's stonework was slowly growing back. Regeneration? Why would the Labyrinth do that?

He emerged from the hole and instantly froze. The sound of humming and giggling echoed in the distance, all from women.

_What the hell?_ Jason thought.

Their voices were cute. Friendly. Beautiful, even. A lump formed in his throat. He was back in the labyrinthine dirt hallways he knew and hated, but those voices were in the opposite direction of Amelia. Should he wait for her? Tch, she'd probably tell him to ignore them.

A high note from one of the girl's songs lilted up, tugging on his chest as he listened. _Amelia won't mind. I just want to take a quick peek. Won't take me more than ten seconds!_ Jason thought.

_No!_ His mind screamed at him. _This place is literally Hell! Don't just go check out chicks! Your life is at stake!_

_Oh, shut up, you. What can some pretty girls do? Besides, I have Wordsmithing. My fire spell can protect me if nothing else can. A little eye-fucking won't hurt anyone._ Jason thought.

Two voices battled within him. He ignored the voice of reason and slowly tiptoed down the hallway. As he did, the girls grew more audible. They were perhaps the most incredible singers he'd ever heard in his entire life. He almost wanted to grab them and force them to record music all day for him so he could run a billion-dollar recording company.

The sounds of water splashing around mixed in with their giggles. Hoarhiim's orb usually lit up the Labyrinth, but it always tapered off the further away he looked. This time, though, he could see a blue light up ahead.

Not wanting to disturb them, he slowly tiptoed and approached the doorway on the left. He tried to muffle Hoarhiim's light with his hands, but it only worked somewhat. _Maybe they won't notice!_ Jason thought.

"Teehee!" A girl giggled again, making blood rush through his body. _God, she sounds sexy._ Jason thought.

Hoarhiim appeared in his vision, yawning. "Oh, Jason. You're awake. What are you up to?"

He didn't answer. He arrived at the doorway, and now the blue light pouring from it was unmistakable. Just inside, to the left, all those sexy girls were waiting for him. It was taking all his willpower not to tear off his clothes and dash inside. _I can't do that! They'll freak out and run away!_ Jason thought.

Cautiously, he peeked around the corner.

His blood froze.

Whatever the things were in this room, they weren't sexy girls. They weren't girls, even. They were... monsters.

_And they're staring right at me._ Jason thought.

"I told you I smelled a man!" One of the horrifying fish-like creatures licked its lips, but its voice was still that of a hauntingly beautiful woman. As its tongue snaked out, he caught a glimpse of several hundred razor-sharp teeth.

"Jason..." Hoarhiim quietly whispered. "...Those are _sirens_. Run."

His gaze locked onto the nearest one's pitch-black eyes. They stared at each other for all of two seconds.

Then every living thing in the room leaped out of the water and slithered across the ground toward him.

One of the monsters bellowed, "I saw him first! He's mine!!"

Another retorted, "I haven't tasted a man in months! I call dibs!"

He didn't know the exact moment his body reacted instinctively, but one second his head was peeking inside the monster den, and the next he was thirty feet down the hallway, running for his life. The sound of wet fins slapping on the ground and giggling of sexy women made him move like the wind.

He glanced behind him and spotted ten of the monsters. Each one had a head like a cross between a fish and a shark, but their middle section was humanlike, with uncovered female breasts and two arms, while the bottom was something like he'd expect on a mermaid.

"We want to kiss you, boy! Come play with us!"

"Gah! Stay away!"

He hit the end of the corridor, then turned to take a right, only to smack face-first into Amelia.

"Wah!" She fell back and smashed onto her ass. Jason tripped and stumbled past her, banged his face against the wall, and landed on the ground.

"Jason! What the hell?" Amelia leaped to her feet a moment later and turned to look at him. "You were supposed to be rest-"

"Behind you!" He yelled the words out and pointed in her direction. At that moment, the Sirens came tearing around the hallway, giggling the whole time.

However, the instant they arrived, they stopped dead in their tracks as their eyes locked onto Amelia.

Seconds passed. Amelia glared at them, and they shrank back slightly.

"B-Black Witch? But... but you're supposed to be..."

Amelia cleared her throat. "What's going on here? Were you chasing my slave just now?"

"Slave? Yours? No! Of-of course not!" The head Siren shrank away slightly. "We were just giving him a scare! Didn't want him, err, wandering into the wrong areas! Y-you know how it is!"

Amelia's foot slid forward half an inch, and the Sirens jerked away again. "Wow! I'm glad we got _that_ misunderstanding cleared up! Hahaha! I mean, if you _were_ trying to do something to him, I'd have to punish you! Hahaha!"

Amelia's giggle lilted cutely in a way that even the sirens didn't. The Sirens all quickly retreated; their sloppy wet bodies dragging across the ground. "Well, ah, very good then! Carry on, Black Witch! Y-you have a wonderful day!"

Without turning their backs on her, the Sirens slowly slid around the corner, only to flop away once Amelia was out of sight.

A few moments passed, and Amelia sighed. "Oh, Jason. Don't tell me you got caught up with the Sirens. Did their cute voices draw you in?"

"Um... no?" Jason forced a lie out, but even he didn't believe himself. "Okay, yeah. I don't know what came over me."

"Stupidity, that's what. Siren voices can call out to males of other species and draw them in. They devour the body and lay their eggs in the fresh corpse. Even if you thought the fish-faces were attractive, they reproduce asexually. Not much luck there for you, I'm afraid."

"Y-yeah, I guess."

He didn't know what to say. Sometimes hearing this child talk about such grown-up things could be very jarring.

A few moments passed, and he changed the subject. "Where have you been?"

Amelia smiled. "I had to catch up on the latest happenings. Being stuck in a statue for thousands of years can put a girl out of the loop!"

"Yeah..." Jason paused to stare at her for a moment. "Say, all I did was smash that statue, and you were released. Why didn't anyone else do that? I didn't see anyone guarding the room..."

Her smile faded slightly. "That's not your business, Jason. Don't shove your nose where it doesn't belong."

Hoarhiim cleared his throat. "Simply put, Lady Amelia had nobody to pull her out. Demons and monsters hate her, after all."

"Hoarhiim!" Amelia puffed her cheeks out. "Don't just say whatever you please!"

Well, the cat was out of the bag. Jason might as well push a little more. "Who put you in the statue? Medusa?"

Amelia curled her free hand into a fist. "A very evil woman, that's who. Someone who took pleasure in tormenting me. Do you want to know, Jason? Do you have to ask, even if it hurts me?"

Jason quickly shook his head. "No, sorry. I'm too curious for my own good and terrible at respecting boundaries."

"Yeah, I'll say." Amelia crossed her arms and looked away. "Let's move on. Why are _you_ here?"

"I don't know what you mean."

"The Labyrinth, Jason. Why are you in the Labyrinth? Blaarjiim tells me you claim to be from Earth. I'm also from Earth, so I find that hard to believe. Humans barely live for a hundred years, let alone a hundred thousand."

"A hundred thousand? What do you mean?"

Amelia didn't reply for a moment. "It's hard to believe, I know, but Earth was destroyed a hundred thousand years ago. You didn't know?"

"I had no idea!" Jason gaped at Amelia for several seconds as a bazillion thoughts appeared in his mind. "B-but the cryopod was only supposed to freeze me for a thousand years! How could the battery have lasted for a hundred thousand? That's impossible!"

"Cryopod?" Amelia glanced at Blaarjiim's orb. "What's that?"

The dark god shrugged. "The mortal is full of surprises."

Jason spent the next several minutes explaining to Amelia everything about himself and the cryopod, and she nodded along, interrupting only to tell him to elaborate on this or that.

"A cryogenic pod for freezing people, huh?" Amelia finally leaned back against the wall to let his words sink in. "But if it freezes you, wouldn't you die? Most humans die if they stand in the cold too long. Your story is a little unbelievable."

"It's a... uh... _science thing_," Jason replied. "The scientists used chemicals for the freezing process, and a bunch of other stuff was done to wake me up when the time was right. I'm not sure I could explain the process so you'd understand."

Amelia lurched toward him. "Are you calling me... _stupid_?"

"No! No, absolutely not! Uh, it's... it's mostly me! Yeah, I'm an idiot, so I can't explain it well!"

His quick deflection sated her curiosity. "Nice save. Anyway, you say you came here in that pod-thing, so where is it?"

"What do you mean? Do you want me to show it to you?"

Amelia nodded. "Yeah. I want to see it. Do you know where it is?"

"Uhh..." Jason pulled up his mental map quickly and scanned the hallways. "It's a good distance away. Um. The only thing is, I kinda don't want to find it."

"Oh? Afraid I'll find out you're a liar?"

"Aaaactually, it's more about the, um, the _friend_ I made when I first woke up. He was scary."

Sighing, Amelia cracked her neck. "Don't worry about demons while I'm around. You'll find them to be quite polite when I'm nearby."

Jason glanced behind her at the trail of piss-water the Sirens left when they fled.

"Yeah. No kidding."