Part 317: Body Snatcher
Part 317: Body Snatcher

Round Three of the Glyphmancer's game continues. All of the demons tense up, yet the Archangels and their illusions appear oddly calm, as if the whole battle is proceeding according to some pre-established plan.

Once they regain their ability to move, Raphael's seventy-five illusory copies of himself, his brother, and his sister, begin to shift around in random patterns. With so many illusions present, none of the Emperors can keep their eyes on more than a few without losing track of the others.

"This game of thine is quite entertaining," Raphael says, speaking through the mouths of his twenty-five illusory copies. "But, it occurs to this old man that there may in fact be a few... loopholes, in the rules. A few... _accidental_ oversights. Ah, but a fair and balanced referee would not stoop so low as to prey on this weak and feeble grandfather, would he?"

"Weak and feeble, my furry ass..." Wolfram growls.

Yumagi lifts his chin slightly. "The fact that you seem to be able to see these 'loopholes' makes my fairness more than apparent. But by all means, if you have any qualms with the rules, speak your mind."

Raphael's eyes flick from left to right.

"Suppose someone were to enter this battle after thou hath cast thy original spell. Would they not be subject to the same rules as the rest of us?"

"Looking to call in reinforcements?" Yumagi asks. "I'll bet your Wordsmith friend could easily undo your soul shackles. But if he did, he would undo them on all of us. In any case, if someone were to enter this game late, they would also become subjected to my rules. What I cast was not a single-use spell, but an active power which continuously radiates around the entire battlefield. But I don't see why you would ask, seeing as you already know the answer."

"No, no, I was not thinking of requesting aid from any comrades of mine," Raphael says. "Rather, I am curious as to how many more prestigious Emperors, such as thyself, might eventually join the game. 'Tis unfair for my sister to bully so few of thy people when her power is so much mightier than thine."

Emperor Lupus scowls at the Archangel. "And just who do you think you're calling weak, Archangel? You've yet to singe my fur, let alone bruise my skin. As bad as you have it now, just wait until Emperor Kristoff gets here. You killed his wife. I can't wait to watch him rip your head off."

A few seconds of silence follow. Yumagi's expression flickers a few times as he detects the faint sensation of mana-based telepathy transmitting between the Archangels.

"In this round," Raphael says, "my siblings will graciously give thy people the first attack. Since we hold the advantage, it would be unbecoming of us to mercilessly strike at the five of thee with all of our illusory bodies. Someone else might... _lose their head._"

"Hah!" Wolfram laughs. "The advantage? Not even close! Your fighting forces are nothing but a bunch of paper tigers! There's only three of you to five of us! Your illusions are a clever trick, but they won't stop us from crushing you!"

Moving by instinct, Wolfram suddenly rushes toward the moving array of illusory images. He presses both of his claws against his chest, conjuring a wellspring of magical power. Moments later, the werewolf releases a mighty howl and swings his claws rapidly, like a hurricane, firing off two dozen beams of demonic energy, all of them ripping across space toward the illusory Archangel images.

True to his name, the Emperor of Rending rends space with his attacks, bending light itself with what can only be described as gravitic-based attacks. His seemingly simple claws tear apart more than thirty of the Archangels, but even so, they merely fade away, revealing none of their true bodies.

Wolfram slows to a stop and frowns.

"Hmph! I may not have hit one of your true bodies, but I certainly cleared away a few pesky weeds!"

Yardrat shoots a glance at Fae.

"You go next. Wide-area. Give me something to hit."

As two Emperors from the same Hell, the two of them know each other quite well. Fae is not Yardrat's direct subordinate, nor even an indirect one, but rather, something of a relative equal. Even so, she nods at him, trusting in his judgment.

"Fine! I love trying out new powers, anyway! There's nothing more fun!"

Fae's body, now covered in hardened bone-armor, ranks among the tankiest figures on the demon's side of the battlefield, perhaps only inferior to Emperor Lupus. Instead of conjuring a wall of wind, she reaches inside herself to grab hold of the third power Auger gave her, one she hasn't used yet.

Twelve marble-sized beads of demonic energy travel out of her body and materialize in reality. The blackened orbs pulse with redness while revolving around Fae for a few seconds, picking up speed over time.

Once they reach a critical mass of speed, Fae sends a palm-strike flying at the Archangels, causing all of the orbs to fire toward different points in their formation.

Raphael's eyes flick toward the orbs. In the time it takes them to race toward the forty or so remaining Archangel copies, the old man motions with his hands, conjuring a half dozen micro-portals to intercept some of the beads. Those same portals re-open next to the Demon Emperors, making Fae's evil grin instantly turn to fright.

"Shit!"

Six beads fly into and out of the portals, arriving right in the middle of the collected demons. The other six continue toward the Archangels.

In unison, all twelve of them detonate.

_BOOOOOM!_

Massive explosions of condensed demonic energy blast the areas, catching not only the Archangels' illusory selves in their blast radiuses, but Fae, Lupus, and Yardrat too!

"Aaaargh!"

Lupus howls in pain as the unexpected friendly fire and massive blast radius takes her completely by surprise. Even with her ridiculously tough body, she still takes a hell of beating and goes flying until she smashes into the dirt and grinds for a quarter of a mile along the ground.

Fae, likewise, ends up getting blasted by her own attack. She rockets to the left and spins helplessly, unable to control her body or even stall her momentum after using up her turn. She ends up smashing into a hill some distance away, landing face-first and shattering several of her teeth. Her body becomes entombed by rubble, hiding her from the view of the other combatants.

As for Yardrat, he ends up forced to defend himself by conjuring a spatial barrier. He deflects the worst of the damage and suffers only minor burns, but still ends up wasting his turn on defense.

When the smoke clears, Wolfram and Yumagi glance at the Archangels. To neither of their surprise, a little over a dozen illusory clones remain, with the majority of them being Uriel and Michael's copies. Only two remain for Raphael.

"Are you kidding me?!" Wolfram howls. "Fae, you dumb bitch! You didn't even hit any of their real bodies! You ended up blasting yourself and Lupus instead! Who taught you how to aim?!"

Fae, stuck and unable to move from her makeshift tomb, merely croaks out, "Oh, shut your trap. Raphael screwed with my aim! That old bat is trickier than he looks!"

Raphael's two copies chuckle. "Hoho. This kindly grandfather knows a few tricks, yes. But compared to the young and spry opponents he faces, he is still only a beginner at these mentally taxing games."

Lupus pulls herself back together. Having forced herself not to defend, she didn't end up wasting her turn, but still ended up taking a direct hit from Fae's redirected mana bombs.

"Lucifer's Tits! Ahh, that burns good, that burns _real_ good. Fae, once we kill these fucking pigeons, I'm gonna have a few words to say to you..."

She levitates back to the other Emperors, grimacing at the blown-apart battleground, now brutally scarred by Fae's bombs.

With only Lupus and Yumagi not having taken their turns, they decide not to make any immediate moves.

Instead, Lupus communicates with her teammates.

[What should I do? I can probably take out that troublesome old man this turn, but right now, Michael and Uriel are the bigger threats! Raphael only has two copies left, but if I can beat the crap out of Uriel, I'll cause some lasting damage for the rest of the fight. I'm not worried about Michael beheading me, but I am worried he might hit one of you. We can't underestimate the Archangel of Courage, not even in a construct's body!]

Yardrat keeps both his eyes locked on Michael's illusory images as they float around in the air.

[If you kill Michael or Raphael, nothing will change. Uriel will simply resummon them during the next round, and possibly even this one. On the other hand, making her waste a turn on resummoning isn't the worst thing we could do. Uriel's powers almost certainly eclipse her brothers-]

Suddenly, one of Michael's illusory images launches forward, flying right toward Wolfram!

"Shit!" Wolfram yells. "Guys! GUYS!"

For a brief moment, Lupus's heart skips a beat. In that fraction of a second, she weighs what she should do, making her mind race.

_That might only be one of Michael's illusions! It probably won't hurt Wolfram... but what if it's the real Michael? Wolfram can't defend himself! He'll die for sure! My Hell has already lost Fenrir, we can't risk losing a second Emperor!_

Not only is Wolfram one of the prized and powerful Emperors ruling the Hell of Blood, but he is also Lupus's chosen mate. This fact colors her judgment, forcing her hand.

"Filthy Archangel! I will not let your ploy play out the way you intend! Raaahh!"

She rushes toward Wolfram and intercepts him before Michael can arrive. As soon as Michael draws within striking distance, he slashes his blade, but it passes harmlessly through Lupus's scales. His illusory body fades away, making her scowl.

"Bastard! I knew it was a feint! I knew it!!"

Lupus becomes frozen in front of Wolfram, unable to move again to protect him. As she glares daggers at the hated Archangels, Raphael merely chuckles.

"Hoho! What a lucky woman! Had that been my brother's real body, he probably could have hurt thee quite badly! How fortunate that his kind and caring older brother told him to simply give thee a little scare! Oh, playing pranks on the young is such fun!"

While Raphael taunts the two werewolves, Emperor Serena creases her brow.

_It seems that each illusory copy can move independently. That means, in effect, the Archangels can afford to launch seventy-five fake attacks at our people. If any of us defend ourselves, we lose our turn. If we don't, we risk losing our heads. Raphael's powers completely upend the balance of power in this battle. No wonder he appears so confident._

Yumagi, the last Emperor with a turn remaining, merely chuckles.

"You are doing quite well, Archangels. I expected you to trounce my brothers and sisters, but not this badly. Would you be so kind as to not make them lose all their face? We do have reputations to uphold, after all."

All of Michael's copies turn to look at Yumagi. "Neither my sister nor I have taken our turns yet. What shall thou do to stop us, I wonder? In one move, I can end the lives of any Emperor here. They will be powerless to resist me."

"So true!" Yumagi answers, smiling even wider than before. "And what a tragedy the loss of any fellow Emperor would be. Ah, I speak with all of them so often! We are all such good friends. Oh, come to think of it, none of them have spoken to me in eons. Huh! I guess we aren't that close after all. Feel free to kill whomever you like."

His words send chills down the backs of all four frozen Emperors. Yardrat, standing perfectly still and unable to move, barely manages to catch a glimpse of Yumagi from the corner of his eye.

"What are you saying? Are you going to let one of us die?!"

Yumagi waves his hand casually. "No, no, do not be silly, Yardy-boy. Your words imply I have some ability to protect you, but have you forgotten? Our opponents are the frightening and all-powerful Archangels, monsters from the Primordial Era! I am just one weak Emperor, certainly not their match. How can I, with my one remaining turn, protect you from two attacks? I'm not a miracle worker!"

Yumagi pauses. He glances at Yardrat, and his tone turns cold.

"Besides. The leader of my Hell, Gorn, perished while in your presence. Why did you not save him? Are the lot of you incompetent? Or did you, perhaps, intentionally allow him to die along with Fenrir? Perhaps you even enjoyed seeing him fall out of the running for the leader of the Seven Hells? Compared to all of you combined, my powers are certainly inferior. If you could not stop the Archangels, how could I?"

"Is that what this is all about?" Yardrat asks. "You think we're to blame for Gorn's death?! How about this; your Emperor was supposed to be the second strongest of all the Hidden Emperors! He should have been able to protect himself!"

From the pile of rubble to the west, Fae shouts, "Yeah! What Yardrat said!"

Yumagi continues to stare icily at Yardrat for several long seconds. Suddenly, he rears his head back and laughs.

"Hahaha! I'm just kidding, Yardy-boy! It's only a joke! I'm not one to hold grudges! Truth be told, I barely even spoke to Gorn, so it's not like we were best buddies or anything. Anyway, I won't let you die here, so don't you worry your little tushie."

Michael's apparitions all unsheathe their blades in unison. "Dost thou thinketh thyself capable of stopping my attack? Better bloodskins have tried. They all failed."

"Not true!" Yumagi chirps. "I seem to recall that the Duke of Reptiles, Agares, got a good _chomp_ on you, back during the Ancient Era. Heard it cost you an arm and a leg to get it fixed! Well, just an arm, and you didn't _really_ get it fixed, but you know what I mean, Mikey-Bird!"

Michael glowers at Yumagi, then sends a telepathic request to Raphael.

[Brother. Please let me strike down the talkative one. My patience wears thin.]

[Keep still, Michael,] Raphael transmits, his expression the epitome of calmness. [This game is only a prelude. Soon, we will lay waste to these demons. Engaging in a small bit of tomfoolery will cost us nothing, but may in fact cause other Emperors to draw near, thinking us weak lambs ripe for the slaughter. We must project insecurity and weakness. Only then will our bloodbath reap the greatest rewards.]

[Stick to the plan.] Uriel transmits. [Trust in our brother. In matters of strategy and battle, Raphael is all but unrivaled. He knows well the best way to deal with these bloodskins.]

The Archangel of Retribution's cold, blood-soaked eyes gaze hatefully at Yumagi and the other Emperors.

"I have waited eons to exact my vengeance," Uriel says. "The fact that I can do so while standing side by side with my brothers will only make the taste of victory that much sweeter."

"You seem quite confident in your chances of winning today," Yumagi says. "But... it would be such a shame if all your plans came to nothing. Oh! Would you look at that? We have a new player ready to join the battle."

Yumagi turns his head slightly. He glances behind himself where, with a loud BANG, an explosion of blood violently detonates in the air. In that split-second explosion, a demon dressed in a well-tailored white suit flies out of the explosion's confines and slows to a stop beside Lupus and Wolfram.

This demon, a male with pale grey skin, short-cropped black hair, and heavy mascara on his eyes, appears to be a fellow as cold and dead on the inside as on the outside. His expressionless eyes lower to the werewolves at his feet, both of whom reflexively lower their eyes.

"E-Emperor Kristoff," Lupus says, her voice shaking. "You've finally made it. R-regarding your wife-"

"I am aware of her fate." Kristoff, the Emperor of Thirst, says. "You are not to blame."

Despite his assurances, Lupus still sweats uncontrollably. She steals glances at the demon before her, but fails to maintain an evenly locked gaze with him, so inferior does she feel.

"Archangel R-Raphael..." She croaks. "He is the one who slew your mate."

Kristoff nods. He turns his head toward Raphael's two hazy apparitions.

"My wife's soul did not enter the River Styx. Somehow, the Archangel of Wisdom erased her very existence from our universe. I never even had a chance to say goodbye."

Kristoff's delicately manicured fingernails, his white-tipped hair follicles, and his white-colored suit exude the grace and majesty of a trueblooded vampire. He levitates upward, reaching the same level as all three Archangels.

"You three. You have committed a sin worthy of a thousand deaths."

Raphael, Michael, and Uriel remain unmoved.

"And what would that be?" Uriel asks. "Killing thy accursed mate? Hmph. We have done the universe a great service by erasing her existence. Soon, thou shalt join her in the Great Beyond."

Kristoff turns his gaze toward one of Uriel's apparitions. For some reason, he places a special amount of attention on it, as if seeing something none of the other Emperors could, even if they tried.

"Your sin was taking something which belonged to me. Fenrir was my woman. You will not enjoy a quick death."

Without warning, Kristoff lunges forward, launching himself at that specific apparition. Uriel instantly summons a wall of holy energy, blocking the vampire from attacking her. However, Kristoff conjures a revolving blood barrier to surround his entire body. The huge spherical shield rapidly cycles around him, and at the same time, a pair of giant troll-sized blood-claws materialize behind his back. One of the claws launches toward Uriel's barrier and crashes against it with thunderous force, making the Archangel's entire body shudder.

A moment later, Uriel's hastily summoned holy barrier breaks, and Kristoff reaches her with his other giant blood-claw.

_RIP!_

The Emperor of Thirst rakes his bloody talons across Uriel's armor, making her cry out in pain. He tears away the majority of demonstone protecting her chest, and shreds the soft skin and bone beneath. Uriel goes flying and crashes into the ground.

At the same time as Kristoff's turn ends, Yumagi makes his move. He vanishes from his position and appears a hundred feet above Uriel with a gold-colored Tarot Card.

"Matured Drake, **Evoke!**"

The ethereal head of a golden dragon materializes above Yumagi. Its size, comparable to a sports stadium, dwarfs the spectators, making all of them feel tiny and insignificant.

Raphael's heart skips a beat.

"Michael!"

With a single word, Raphael commands his brother to act. As the summoned dragon inhales to summon the power of a storm, Michael and his seven copies rush toward Yumagi with his sword held at the ready.

The Glyphmancer sighs.

"Alright, if you want to protect your precious sister so badly, you can take her beating instead."

The Glyphmancer swivels to face the incoming threats. Without any fanfare, he locks his eyes onto one of them in particular and changes his Matured Drake's aim.

"Grooooar!"

The dragon releases the power held in its throat. A storm of fire and lightning blasts out of its mouth and rushes toward Michael, targeting his one real body among the few remaining illusions. The last thing Michael sees before his construct gets shredded at the atomic level is a void of red and yellow light.

_Kathoom!_

The Archangel of Courage evaporates into particles of light. He and his illusions completely disappear from reality, leaving behind only Raphael, his one illusion, and Uriel's beaten, smoking body in the crater below.

Twenty seconds of silence follow.

After gazing at Michael's last known position for half a minute, Yumagi raises his eyes to look at the Archangel of Wisdom.

"You must be wondering how Kristoff and I knew which bodies were the real ones."

Raphael shakes his head.

"'Tis a simple matter to deduce. Kristoff is a vampire; the strongest from his Hell. His affinity to blood made him more than capable of sniffing out my sister's fleshly body. As for thee, thou surely kneweth where our true bodies stood from the very beginning."

"You knew that _I_ knew, and yet you took no steps to protect yourselves?" Yumagi asks. "You Archangels are all so arrogant, it baffles this humble Emperor's mind."

"Not arrogant." Raphael gently corrects. "Confident. It seems Kristoff is the last demon who will dare to show his face here. The rest have all hidden in the shadows like the rats they are. Shall we begin the fourth round?"

Yumagi looks to the south, where Serena continues to levitate. As the only Emperor present who hails from his Hell, the two of them share the mildest of affinities.

Even so, she remains motionless, not deigning to enter the battle.

"Twenty more seconds," Yumagi says. "Then the next round will begin."

While Raphael, Yumagi, and Kristoff remain motionless during their forced standoff, Yardrat looks away from them. Unable to move his head, he can only flick his eyes and demonic senses across the battlefield.

[Fae. When this next round starts, I will require your assistance. If we work with Kristoff, we can surely land a killing blow on Uriel.]

Several seconds pass.

Fae doesn't reply.

Momentarily confused, Yardrat turns his eyes as far to the left as he possibly can. He sweeps his demonic mana across the hill where she landed, but fails to detect her presence.

[Fae? Fae! Are you there? Did you pass out? What's going on?]

Still, the Emperor of Terror does not answer.

No matter how many times Yardrat tries to telepathically contact his fellow Emperor, she doesn't respond.

When round four begins, Yardrat immediately charges over to the hill where she fell. He yanks aside the collapsed boulders and other debris that should have buried her, yet upon clearing out her makeshift tomb, he becomes stricken with shock.

_She's gone! What the hell?! Where did Fae go? Could she have left even though her turn was up? Impossible! But she isn't here!_

A deep, unsettled feeling builds up in Yardrat's stomach. He swivels his head from left to right as a realization hits him like a freight train.

_Fae was frozen, locked in place by Yumagi's Soul Shackles. She couldn't fight back if anyone attacked her. She would have been completely helpless, unable to resist. And... now that I think about it..._

Yardrat's vision turns blood red. A wave of rage strikes him, making him gnash his teeth.

_There was one other Emperor here... someone who hasn't yet showed his face since the Archangels arrived. That... that BASTARD!!_

No matter how he searches the area with his senses, Yumagi fails to find Fae, leading him to only one conclusion.

_Yama! You spawn of a broodmother! How dare you prey on a fellow Emperor while we battle the Archangels?! I'll rip you apart, you lecherous, raping, FIEND!!_

...

Elsewhere, in a dark underground location secluded from the battlefield.

Emperor Yama caresses the face and body of his latest victim, her unconscious form struggling to fight back. Tendrils of dark energy stretch from his fingertips to lance into her brain, making Emperor Fae shudder violently.

"Hehehe. What a fun game Yumagi has devised. We have much to gain, and so many delicious females to take when their defenses are lowest. While the other fools battle their hated enemies, we shall strike from the shadows, taking those we find most suitable for our harem! Kekeke..."

Yama caresses Fae's soft and delicate face. A blackened tongue snakes out of his mouth as he licks his lips and forces it into her ear, wriggling it around to lick the juiciest parts of her brain. He reaches into her mouth and plays with her tongue, enjoying the slippery sensation as it crosses his smoky-black fingertips.

"Mmm. This is only the foreplay, lovely one. You are _barely_ suitable for our tastes. We would have much preferred the busty and delicious Fenrir to the likes of you, but at least you possess ample power to augment our strengths. It has been many eons since we nabbed a juicy little Emperor all by her lonesome, hehehe..."

Yama continues to toy with his helpless victim, slowly but surely infecting her with his corrosive shadows. By the time he finishes, she will become one of his loyal servants, willing to do anything to satisfy him.

"That Yumagi... he certainly knows how to throw a _party._" Yama chuckles.