Part 362: Rescuing Neil
Part 362: Rescuing Neil

A massive makeshift prison facility lays hidden somewhere in the distant reaches of the Labyrinth. Unlike Faith's End, this prison is not ruled by Gressil, but his sister, Ose, who built it in secret. As part of her six-year plan to defeat humanity and take the Wordsmiths captive, a plan which ultimately failed, it stands as a testament to her long term planning skills.

Unlike the typical dirt walls comprising the rest of the Labyrinth, the entirety of this hidden segment has been carved out and filled with Demonstone, making it extremely durable and resistant to escape attempts. Without enough strength, no prisoner can dig their way out and break free to the rest of the Labyrinth.

However, what might surprise any casual onlooker is the fact that, despite there being more than 500 prison cells, only one of them actually holds a prisoner!

Neil Adams sits inside his surprisingly large and roomy cell near the furthest reaches of the facility's confines. Having already been here for three weeks, his face has developed quite a decent amount of scruff. As for his hard and uncomfortable bed, chair, and basic toilet/sink fittings, his room is utterly barren with little or nothing to do.

The Frenchman paces back and forth in his cell, counting the number of times he has completed a circuit that day.

"Four thousand, nine hundred and one. Four thousand, nine hundred and two. Four thousand, nine hundred and... and... where was I? And two... it must have been two. Or was it one?"

His head twitches on occasion. His eyes flicker. Sometimes, he sees things that aren't there. His rational mind tells him he's hallucinating, but his irrational mind continues to give him false mental signals, making him wonder if he's going crazy.

"How long has it been..." Neil mutters, while pausing to stare at one particular blemish on the wall that he's continually fixated on ever since a few days after his arrival. "Two... no, three months? Years? There's no sun... there should be a sun... it would make it easier to keep track of time. Time. Time waits for no man. Time flows forwards, but sometimes back. Like a backstabber. Backstabbers are bad. Very bad, yes."

His thoughts shift and change erratically, making him unable to properly focus his attention for longer than a few seconds at a time.

Neil's right eye spasms, making his whole head jerk a little to the side. He frowns, then hisses at an empty spot in the cell.

"Stop it! Stop poking me! I warned you last time! It irritates me when you do that!"

Neil swears and curses at the empty space beside himself, hurling obscenities that would make a nun blush with shame.

While Neil swears up and down the room, a figure materializes inside the prison's entryway. Hope Hiro teleports inside, but as soon as he arrives, a vaguely uncomfortable feeling presses against his brain. He stands in place, trying to adjust to the sensation, but as the seconds tick by, his expression becomes gloomier and more downcast.

He takes a step forward, but then pauses. A chill goes down his spine.

"...This feeling! It's Gressil's energy! It's his anti-magic field!"

Hope shivers fearfully, glancing around to look for Gressil. Having spent weeks suffering in the prison-warden's clutches, he knows the feeling of his Chaos Energy well, but no matter where he looks, he doesn't find Gressil anywhere.

After getting his bearings, Hope starts to walk around. Shortly after he traverses deeper into the prison, the anti-magic aura becomes stronger and stronger, with its weakest point at the door leading outside, where he first arrived. Torches line the walls, providing plenty of illumination, while interlocked demonstone bars block the entryways and exits to all of the cells.

Hope wanders left and right, looking into all the rooms, but he doesn't immediately find Neil. It's only when he gets deeper into the prison that he finally hears Neil's voice in the distance, ranting and yelling at someone unknown.

"Neil." Hope whispers, a feeling of euphoria in his veins. He walks faster down the hall, gritting his teeth as Gressil's anti-magic aura becomes stronger than ever. He tries uttering Words of Power, but none of them have any effect.

_That must be why Jason and I couldn't find Neil._ Hope realizes. _Somehow, Ose duplicated her brother's anti-magic abilities. She made it impossible for us to Locate Neil._

Gressil's aura doesn't only prevent the usage of magic. It also wriggles into the brains of those susceptible to the influence of Chaos. As Hope runs toward Neil's cell in the distance, he becomes more and more uncomfortable in his skin, feeling as if innumerable eyes are watching him. Paranoid thoughts rise to the surface, making him question his senses.

But no matter what, Hope persists. Before long, he arrives in front of Neil's cell where his friend turns to look at him, having heard Hope's footsteps running toward him.

"Who are you?!" Neil snaps. "Hope? Jason? No! You're just an illusion. You're all illusions- STOP poking my face! It hurts when you do that!"

The commander of the Core's military forces yells at something unseen beside him, making Hope wonder if there's actually someone there, or if he's only seeing things.

"It's me, Neil." Hope says. "I've come to rescue you! I'm Hope, remember?"

Neil flinches. He listens to Hope's voice, but doesn't seem to believe his ears.

"Nonsense! This is the sixth time you've come! Stop tormenting me! You're a liar! You left me here to die! For three years I've waited! THREE YEARS!!"

"...Three years?" Hope repeats. "No, no, Neil. You've been here maybe three _weeks_. At most. Wake up, you're not hallucinating. It's really me."

While Hope talks to Neil, he glances around the cell's entryway, but its solid demonstone bars don't appear breakable, even with his nanite-imbued body. Gressil's magic prevents Hope from Wordsmithing, so he can't use his abilities to rescue Neil, either.

Neil shakes his head. "No! You gave up on me! You left us all behind, Hope! It's your fault, it's all your fault!"

The Wordsmith winces. "Neil, I know Gressil's energy is corroding your thoughts, but I need you to get a grip. It wasn't entirely my fault Gressil got me. I left to find Solomon, Arthur, and Jepthath, three of the legendary heroes. They told me all sorts of things, like..."

While he fills Neil in on his happenings, gradually calming his friend down, Hope also takes the time to feel around the demonstone walls and bars, especially the points where they intersect. He pulls and tugs on the joints, hoping to loosen them up, but they don't give way. They don't even shift a millimeter, showing that the prison hasn't been around long enough for its foundations to even minutely weaken.

Neil listens to Hope's words. Once Hope explains to him what happened following Neil's capture, the commander shows a bit more clarity in his thoughts.

"Really? So Beelzebub blew himself up?" Neil asks. "How is everyone? Are they all dead? Is anyone still alive?!"

"Lots of people are still alive." Hope says, before pausing to add, "And a lot more died. You just know Jason's incompetency was the biggest reason why so many suffered. Even his own daughter died to Beelzebub's detonation."

"Little Daisy?" Neil asks. "She's...?"

"Yeah."

Hope shakes his head. Despite Daisy not being his own daughter, he still feels a bitter emptiness in his heart. After all, in a different timeline, she might have been his daughter, and in this one, she was at least somewhat like his niece, even if he didn't interact with her much.

"How do I get this goddamned cell open?" Hope hisses, visibly stumped. "I can't use my magic, and my physical strength clearly isn't enough. Shit. I'll be right back, Neil."

"Don't leave me!" Neil exclaims, but Hope shakes his head and heads back to the entry.

_I can still use my Wordsmithing at the entryway..._ Hope thinks to himself. _I should make a tool that can break through the bars. Then I can free Neil._

Two minutes later, he arrives back at the start of the prison, where Gressil's energy is the weakest. However, after trying and failing several times to activate his Wordsmithing, Hope still fails.

_This isn't good._ Hope thinks. _Gressil's energy is weakest here, but plenty of it still lingers on my body, strengthening the anti-magic effect. I need to step fully out of it for a bit to let the effect diminish until I can use my Wordsmithing again. But the only place I can go is outside the prison... and there are sure to be guards out there..._

Momentarily hesitating, Hope ultimately relents. The effects of Gressil's Chaos Energy don't drop below a certain level in his body, making it impossible for him to use his Wordsmithing.

With much hesitation, Hope quietly pushes against the door, causing it to soundlessly open a crack.

The moment he starts to open the door, he hears voices. Not far outside, several Orcs, Goblins, and even a few demon Grunts shoot the shit, all of them positioned here to guard against anyone trying to enter the prison facility. These handpicked monsters and demons, working for Ose, have no idea of the changes demon society has undergone, nor that they've had a change in power.

Mentally, Hope curses.

_Dammit. At least two dozen enemies. I rely on my Wordsmithing too much. I didn't even bring a weapon..._

Hope glances at the bag of heavy marbles hanging on his waist, his signature weapon he's used for quite a long time against the demonic hordes. Thanks to the lingering effects of Gressil's Chaos Energy, he can't use them in combat at all.

From the depths of Hope's brain, Centurion's voice speaks.

[**PILOT ZERO-ZERO-FOUR. YOUR HAND-TO-HAND COMBAT CAPABILITIES ARE INSUFFICIENT TO DEAL WITH THE LARGE QUANTITY OF ENEMIES OUTSIDE. GIVE ME THE ORDER, AND I WILL TAKE CONTROL OF YOUR BODY TO INITIATE AUTO-COMBAT MODE.**]

Hope blinks. _Auto-combat mode?_

[**AFFIRMATIVE. I POSSESS EXTREMELY DETAILED COMBAT TRAINING FILES WHICH I CAN ADAPT TO YOUR BIOLOGICAL SIGNATURE. I ONLY REQUIRE YOUR PERMISSION TO INITIATE THE AUTO-COMBAT MODE. YOU MAY REVOKE PERMISSION AT ANY TIME.**]

Hope slightly widens his eyes. _That would have been useful to... deal with Gressil._

[**MY COMBAT PARAMETERS ARE INSUFFICIENT TO ENGAGE IN MELEE COMBAT WITH THE MAJORITY OF HIGH-RANKING DEMONS.**]

Hope nods. _Noted. Alright. Engage auto-combat mode._

[**AFFIRMATIVE.**]

A moment later, the heavy metal door to the prison swings outward, kicked by Hope after a running jump. It crashes against the back of an Orc, making the big guy stumble and trip over his own feet.

"Ow! What heck!"

At once, all of the demons and monsters turn their attention to the door, only to see a single unarmed human dive through the doorway and land in a roll. The single blonde-haired man jumps to his feet and delivers a brutal spin-kick to the Orc's head who he just knocked over.

_CRACK!_

The sheer power behind Hope's kick snaps the orc's neck, killing him on the spot.

"Spawn of a broodmother!" One of the demon Grunts shouts, while conjuring a fireball. "Kill that human!"

Even as a dozen enemies rush toward Hope and his adrenaline spikes, his body moves nimbly without his fears slowing him down. He snatches a curved scimitar attached to the fallen orc's back, yanks it out of its sheath, and starts rapidly spinning, cutting, twirling, and chopping at the enemies around him.

Fireballs swish past Hope's head, his body making minute movements to easily evade them. His physical parameters, long empowered by the nanites in his muscles, give him superhuman strength, agility, and stamina. He breathes evenly, not losing his breath, while his stolen sword cuts a horizontal arc across a goblin's neck, decapitating the monster instantly!

"Holy shit!" Hope yells, his excitement and glee palpable. "I'm like Batman! Or Arnold Schwarzenegger! This is sick!"

Hope cartwheels over an enemy, spins around, and plunges his scimitar into their heart. He yanks it out and flings a splattering of their blood into another enemy's eyes, blinding them and making them flinch. One moment later, his sword slashes across their nose, cuts several inches into their skull, and kills them instantly.

Despite all his past trauma, in this moment of life and death, Hope squeals with joy, bringing out his inner Jason. Even though he and his original self might have grown into different people, they still have the same likes and dislikes. They watched the same movies as kids. They consumed the same media and enjoyed the same nostalgia trips.

Hope's sword swings against a fireball, but the impact force snaps the blade in half. Undeterred, he dives toward the Burner Grunt and unleashes a volley of frighteningly accurate fist strikes. Throat, stomach, jaw, eyes. Hope beats the Grunt black and blue in fewer than three seconds, sweeps his legs, and delivers one last downward punch while he falls, cracking the Burner's skull against the floor. The Grunt dies a pitiful death, never able to defend himself against the terrifying Terran.

Three minutes later, every single enemy in the guard area lays on the dirt, dead, leaving Hope antsy, hyped up, and ready for more.

"Fuck yeah!" Hope roars. "Oh, that kicked ASS! Holy shit, Centurion! You really should have told me you could do that! Come on, anyone else want some?! I've got some hands to throw but no takers ready for an ass-whooping!"

Centurion beeps in affirmation. [**PILOT ZERO-ZERO-FOUR. ALL ENEMIES HAVE BEEN NEUTRALIZED. I AM NOW RETURNING BODILY CONTROL BACK TO YOU.**]

Hope licks his lips. A look of bloodlust fills his eyes before he shakes his head.

"God, damn. Wow, that was a rush. Strange, though. I never really thought of myself as someone who _enjoyed_ violence. Why did I find that whole fight so unbelievably thrilling?"

The Wordsmith frowns. He glances around at the brutally murdered demons and monsters around him. His eye twitches.

"No... this isn't me. I will kill, yes. I'll murder anyone if I must. But I've never been the sort of person to relish in killing. This feels like... like someone was manipulating me."

Several seconds pass. The Wordsmith's frown deepens.

"Could it be...? Gressil's energy? Maybe it was fucking with my head?"

He chews on his lower lip for a while before slowly nodding.

"Yeah. That must be it. Sorry, everyone. I shouldn't have enjoyed killing you all as much as I did. I'll take care not to get so excited in the future."

Without any further fanfare, Hope summons a few tools from Centurion's database, using the nanites as a buffer to enhance his Wordsmithing, then he returns to the prison's interior. He breaks Neil out of his cell, then leads him outside, back to the scene of the slaughter.

Neil pauses upon seeing the brutally murdered demons and monsters. His steel-clad willpower doesn't make him so much as flinch at the death before him, but the sudden decrease in Chaos Energy wracking his brain finally allows him to shake off the muddle-headedness that has plagued him for so long. Hope assists him with a few Words of Power, further clearing away the fog of Gressil's aura.

After a few minutes, Neil inhales deeply. He assumed a more dignified posture and smiles at Hope.

"Thank you. You saved my life. I was honestly starting to go crazy in that cell. Nobody talked to me. The guards only fed me two meals a day and never said a word. It was torture."

He pauses.

"Well. Relative torture... I suppose. I didn't hallucinate our conversation, did I?"

Hope lowers his eyes.

"You didn't, Neil. I... Gressil... he captured me. He did... he did awful things to me. I don't really want to talk about them."

Neil's nose twitches. "Demons. They're all the goddamned same. Every last one of them. Brutal, barbaric, bastards. You can see why now, more than ever, we have to oppose them."

Hope nods. "You don't know the half of it. Jason killed Ose, but he spared the rest of the Hidden Emperors, and now they've formed an 'alliance.'"

Hope continues to explain to Neil all the things his friend has missed over the past several weeks. When he finishes, Neil's expression turns ugly.

"Leave it to Jason. Only a complete idiot like him would spare the demons after they blew up our planet and killed the majority of our people. They even killed Kar! How can he, with any good conscience, spare them and even offer for them to live among the people they've tormented?"

"I don't know." Hope says, with a sigh. "I want to say something, to stand in his way, but I'm just not in the right headspace, Neil. Plus, Jason has this... this weapon. It's some sort of magical artifact, a weapon previously used by the Archangels. He's way more powerful than me, and I feel like I can't oppose him. Plus, he's become really good at giving speeches, so there are a lot of people on his side."

"Oh?" Neil says. "But judging from your tone of voice... you have an idea. You've thought of a way to seize control. Am I right?"

Hope shakes his head. "Not exactly. I could use your advice. See, the reason Gressil captured me was because I went into the Labyrinth at Solomon's behest. He took control of Jason's body for a bit, teleported the Crown to me, and wanted to give me his assistance. Then, he led me to a place in the Labyrinth where..."

Hope continues explaining to Neil the details of the El-Dorado room, filled with riches and gold beyond reason, along with the statues of the Three Kings.

"I see. So you might be able to obtain Excalibur, the Dominion Rod, and Solomon's Crown..." Neil says, tapping his lip. "That's not a bad idea. The Dominion Rod sounds like you could use it to turn the hearts of the people against Jason. Excalibur will give you a fighting chance against his Archangel Superweapon, and Solomon's Crown will give you a decisive mental advantage. With those three artifacts, you would have the god-given right to rule humanity."

"Yeah... maybe." Hope mutters, while scratching the back of his neck. "But... the Dominion Rod is kind of... morally wrong? It controls people's minds. I don't want to use a tool like that."

"Do you have a choice?" Neil posits. "Use your head, Hope. Mind control certainly sounds evil in theory, but what is the alternative? Are you going to let people follow Jason onto a path of self-destruction? What do you think will happen when Jason leaves the planet for a while to deal with some Volgrim business? He'll have so many demons living among his fellow humans that in a single night, once they bare their claws, millions upon millions will die! You absolutely cannot trust demons. Even the way they threw away Ose for their own benefits shows they're all backstabbers and opportunists."

Hope nods. "I know. But... well, I guess you're right. I have to do SOMETHING! Jason's leading humanity into extinction!"

"Let's take this one step at a time." Neil says. "First, you can't stand up to Jason as you are now. You need to acquire Solomon's Crown, Excalibur, and the Dominion Rod. Once you have all three, we can easily work out a plan to take Jason down. Once you seize control of humanity, we can slaughter the demons and bring balance back to the people."

The two men briefly fall silent.

"Say, uh, Neil?" Hope says, hesitantly. "What do you think I should... _do_ with Jason? You aren't thinking I should... I should _kill_ him, right?"

Neil gazes with deep intent at his friend.

"Stripping Jason of his powers should be enough. In fact, you could probably even do that right now. How would he block you? How would he counter if you suddenly sealed his magic? But we both know his power would return over time, so that's not a long-term solution. You'd have to build a device capable of sealing his magic permanently. In that way, you wouldn't have to kill him. But such a device would require Phoebe or Solomon's help. So..."

Hope nods. "You're right. I need all three artifacts to deal with Jason. Even if I took him down today, I wouldn't have any assurances of dealing with the Volgrim, or the Plague. I need power so I can become humanity's shining beacon!"

"Indeed." Neil says, smiling. "Now you're using your head."

Humanity's military Commander straightens his vest.

"Enough talk. Let's head back to the Core. Ah, but before we go, would you mind cleaning me up and giving me a shave? I want to make a good impression on everyone when I return."

"Sure thing, Neil." Hope answers. "We can iron out the specifics of this plan later."

Hope utters several Words of Power to clean up his friend's scruffy face, his sweaty, worn-out clothing, and even gives him a fresh and clean smile.

Neil touches his minty-flavored teeth. "That Wordsmithing ability... it sure is convenient."

"It is." Hope replies. "But it makes you a target, too. That's the part nobody tells you."

Shortly after, both men disappear, returning to the Core.