Part 299: Mephisto's Screw-up
Part 299: Mephisto's Screw-up

The atmosphere in the Hall of the Damned turns awkward as the junior acolytes adjust the weight of their feet, shooting nervous glances at one another. The hundred or so human slaves wielding ceremonial daggers, once put in place to spill their blood in a moment of jubilation, now appear relatively useless, given how poorly the ceremony's final step has proceeded.

Ose lifts her head up and growls in Bael's deep voice, "All of you. Out. This stupid ceremony is over."

Upon hearing the orders of a reigning Demon Emperor, now in the body of a Duke, many of the necromancers stiffen in response, unsure of what to do. A few of them start to step back and retreat, only to notice that the rest haven't yet made up their minds.

Mephisto glowers at Ose. "Ssstupid woman! I may have messsed up a little, but you are ssstill my ssslave now! My necromancy makesss me your sssuperior! Even if my final momentsss weren't asss gloriousss asss I would like, I still hold the power of two Dukesss and two Emperorsss! My assscensssion is all but guaranteed! Now, sssit down and ssshut up!"

He infuses the power of necromancy into his speech, willing Ose to bow her head and obey his orders.

...However, Ose doesn't comply. She merely gazes at him with even more disdain, as if having personally observed his IQ drop an additional ten points.

"You're giving me an order? And yet, for some reason, my body does not obey. Oh, I think I know what's happened. Much like how you cannot pull out Bael's soul or mine, it appears your necromancy cannot forcibly control our actions, either. What a shame! You've proven yourself an even greater disgrace than I first thought, Mephisto."

Instead of meekly bowing her head because of Mephisto's orders, Ose clumsily stands up, towering above the diminutive Duke of Mist. Mephisto's eyes widen as Ose conjures a small but exceptionally deadly ball of lightning, then flings it at him!

_BOOM!_

The blast of mana-infused thunder crashes against Mephisto's ethereal form and sends him flying ten feet back. He bangs off another unused altar and flops to the floor, groaning in pain.

"Rrrgh! Ossse!"

"Oh, shut up." Ose mutters, her tone dull. "You've trapped me in the body of a lardass, and you've even lost control of my actions. So much for your supposed 'superiority' to Valac. You aren't even half the demon he was."

Ose conjures another ball of lightning, then turns her frosty gaze toward the assembled necromancers.

"Need I repeat my last order?"

Her tone sends a shiver down the exposed spines of the skinless, organless demons. They shrink back and scurry away, half-dragging the human sacrifices with them.

Not long after, only five entities remain inside the titanic underground chamber: Mephisto, Ozzar, Zamiel, Bael, and Ose.

The Duke of Weaponry, now in Kar's body, shakily rises to his feet, almost tripping over his tree-trunk-sized legs. The immense bulk of his new body stands in sharp contrast to his formerly small self.

"Geez, Ose. You may have swapped bodies, but you're still a giant cunt."

Mephisto shakily climbs up as well, having been thrown aside and humiliated in front of his fellow necromancers for the second time today. His rage burns hotter than ever, but he immediately realizes he is not Ose's match.

_I have made a terrible mistake._ Mephisto thinks. _I placed Ose inside the body of demonkind's mightiest Duke. Not only does she still possess all her lightning power and supreme intellect, but Bael's invincibility, to boot! And somehow, the power of his soul has chosen to protect her! Since when have such a series of unfortunate events happened to any necromancer in all of history?!_

When Mephisto turns to look at Ose, she merely sneers at him. "What's the matter? Are you mad at me? Got something to say, piss-ant? I'm all ears."

Mephisto glares at Ose for only a brief moment before turning his attention to Bael.

"Ksss. Bael! Have you already forgotten? Ossse isss the one who killed Emperor Ssshax. You sssaid ssso yourssself!"

Bael continues to sit on his ceremonial altar, a look of boredom on his face. "Yeah. And? I'm over it, bro. Live and let live. I already killed the broad, got my revenge. What more you want me to do? Kill her again? Sheesh, you need to stop holding grudges, Mephist-bro. It's bad for your health."

Ose tilts her head in Bael's general direction. "Oh, so you've forgiven me? That's what I like about you, Bael. You're such a simple soul."

"Don't get it twisted, sister." Bael replies, as his eyes momentarily darken. "I didn't say I 'forgived' ya. It ain't my place to do that. I'm just not gonna piss and shit myself over stuff that happened a long time ago. I already done beat your ass until you died. Ain't no point continuing with all that noise."

"Whatever." Ose says, rolling her eyes. "This conversation has wasted enough of my time. Mephisto, inform me of what has happened after my death. And make it snappy!"

The Duke of Mist glowers at Ose. However, when faced with the fact that she and Bael have somehow escaped his control, all of his previous plans for grand conquest of the Seven Hells fall apart. He slumps his shoulders in defeat, then begins to explain to her the events of the past several days.

After more than thirty minutes, Mephisto finishes his explanation.

"Hmph. It seems that after I fell, Jason Hiro underwent a drastic personality change. I suppose that makes sense, given his daughter's death. You may not have been able to obtain her vaporized body, but surely you obtained her soul?"

Mephisto's gaze turns complicated. "Naturally, I wissshed to do ssso, but I have ssscanned all the sssoulsss in my lantern, and yet not one of them bearsss the mark of heroic energy. I believe Beelzebub'sss immolation destroyed her sssoul in itsss entirety."

Mephisto throws his hands up melodramatically, but Ose appears less convinced. "You said before that Beelzebub's explosion had some sort of strange energy in it? Something that resembled my brother's mana?"

"Ksss. That isss correct. It alssso resssembled the attack you unleassshed upon Jassson Hiro, which ssstopped him from interfering with the battlefield for a sssignificantly long time."

"I borrowed Gressil's nullification ability to put the Hero into a coma." Ose says. "But for Beelzebub to also unleash that sort of energy... frankly, I always thought only Gressil could create it."

Ose leans backward, intending to prop herself up against the altar. However, in a moment of ungainliness, she misjudges the distance and slips, tumbling ass-over-end to land on her back atop the altar.

"Argh! Bloody hell!" Ose complains. "This fat, blobular body has no sense of touch whatsoever! My proprioception is a complete mess!"

She quickly fumbles around and lifts herself back up, swinging her legs over the edge to try and regain her sense of dignity.

"Anyway!" Ose snaps. "My brother refers to his ability as 'nullification.' He once mentioned something about it being the 'power of chaos,' whatever that means. I thought he was screwing with me, but perhaps it's a real thing. I'll have to interrogate him, next time we meet."

After a moment of pause, Ose shakes her head. "Mephisto, you said the Hero's daughter must have been obliterated by Beelzebub, including her soul?"

The Duke of Mist nods. "That isss my bessst guesss."

"Does that mean that, when Beelzebub detonated himself, you didn't obtain any other souls? It would be quite the coincidence if only Daisy Hiro's soul were annihilated, but the others weren't. Don't you think?"

Mephisto blinks in surprise. "I... had not consssidered that posssibility. Yesss, I did obtain more than a million other sssoulsss, including demonsss and humansss alike."

"Did that child truly die, then?" Ose asks, narrowing her eyes. "Something smells fishy about all of this. Perhaps one of the Hidden Emperors yanked her away at the last second?"

Mephisto slowly shakes his head. "I planted a Wraith not far from the Hero'sss makeshift home. He hasss tried ssseveral timesss to locate his child through Wordsssmithing. He hasss failed. It ssseemsss likely ssshe hasss died."

Ose snorts. "Don't be so sure. That brat possessed a frightening amount of magical power. Not only did she summon multiple ethereal Titans through some unknown method, she also wielded a surprisingly effective level of telekinesis. She even bolstered her father and a few others through that bloody impenetrable shield of hers during Beelzebub's detonation. How could she die so easily? Most likely, a Hidden Emperor snatched her away at the last second and hid her somewhere even Jason's Wordsmithing couldn't locate her."

Suddenly, Ose frowns.

"...Come to think of it, there's one other entity who might be able to hide the child's presence. Damn! How could I have overlooked this crucial fact?!"

Mephisto waits while Ose collects her thoughts.

"It's Gressil! My own brother! Of COURSE! I was in such a rush at the start of Stormbringer that I overlooked the most obvious culprit! No wonder I couldn't locate Hope or Jason during while the war raged. I'll bet my damned brother captured the Wordsmith's clone and hid him somewhere even the Oracles couldn't detect. It all makes sense now!"

Mephisto hisses under his breath. "And the rumorsss that Jason hasss obtained Excalibur?"

Ose's heartrate spikes. For a brief moment, her pupils shrink to pinpricks.

"What? Excalibur?!"

"Yesss. I sssensssed Camael's mana when Jassson Hiro firssst appeared. At that moment, all the dissscrepenciesss made sssenssse. Didn't you theorize that the Hero had obtained sssome sssourccce of limitlesss mana? Excalibur fitsss the bill nicccely."

For several seconds, the room becomes quiet. Ose lowers her gaze. A few drops of sweat congeal at the back of her neck.

"...Damn you, Mephisto. You're right. That's the only explanation. Jason Hiro must have left Hell Harbor, traveled to Volgarius, and stolen Excalibur from the Sealed Vault. Many of humanity's mightiest artifacts were taken by them during the end of the Energy Wars. Through his Wordsmithing, he must have caught the Overlords unaware. I've kept his existence a secret from them, so it's not unlikely he blindsided them somehow... and then he returned just in the nick of time- aha! So that's why he had to Wordsmith remotely! He must not have been able to teleport such a great distance back to Tarus II!"

Ose quickly fits the pieces of a 'puzzle' together, her erroneous conclusions substantiated by the bits and pieces of intelligence that she believes must be true.

"The damned Heroic Blade itself. No wonder Stormbringer failed. Doubtless, Fenrir and some of the quicker-witted Hidden Emperors have already realized that Jason possesses Excalibur. This isn't entirely a bad thing. I know better than to let a tragedy go to waste. Stormbringer's failure can still lead to great results in the future."

As if her earlier stumble never happened, Ose quickly stands up again and wanders away from the ceremonial altars. She begins pacing back and forth while muttering to herself.

"Nobody knows where Hope is, yet, but if my guess is correct, I have a shot at taking him for myself. However, taking him away from Gressil would normally be all but impossible... except now I possess Bael's body. I should be immune to damage, meaning that even if my powers don't work while in my brother's presence, my physical strength should be quite overwhelming."

The Third Emperor suddenly balls her hand into a fist, raises it above her head, and swings it in a downward arc toward her stomach, putting all of her strength into the blow.

_THUMP!!_

The power of Bael's invincibility results in no damage whatsoever as Ose reveals a cunning smile.

"Perhaps Mephisto's screw-up isn't so bad for me after all. I still possess my lightning abilities, my intellect, and now I also possess Bael's raw power. Had I entered my own body, that little dipshit necromancer might have succeeded in controlling me, but he failed, and now I've been given a second lease on life. Yes, this could do quite nicely."

She keeps her voice low, but with Mephisto's enhanced hearing, he still easily makes out every word. The High Necromancer frowns in annoyance, but says nothing. At this point, any struggle against her will truly be futile.

Ose spends half an hour testing out her powers and abilities. She conjures orbs of lightning, blasts of electrical energy, and even zips around with her Lightspeed Dash. After confirming the efficacy of her powers, she slowly nods.

"I suppose not everything can go perfectly. Bael's body is still only that of a Duke, in the end. My abilities have degraded to a Duke's power level, but the combination is still quite deadly. Given these circumstances..."

Ose whips her head toward Mephisto and barks and order. "Alright, you! Cough up one million souls. On the double! I'm going to re-evolve to the rank of Emperor!"

Mephisto's expression turns to rage. "What! No! I refussse! You had your chanccce, and I have only managed to accrue a few million sssoulsss from the Ssstormbringer War! A million of thossse are mine! The ressst are alssso mine!"

Ozzar also steps up. "The High Necromancer speaks the truth! You failed during Stormbringer, while he succeeded! No matter how arrogant you are, you don't have the right to demand souls from the River Styx! Only Bael or the Hidden Emperors can grant you that authority!"

Indeed, despite materially only ever possessing the power of a Duke, as the legendary Balrog and one of the most well-liked demons in history, Bael has always held claim to the right to divvy out souls from the River Styx as he pleases. No other demon possessed that privilege, not even Mephisto, despite his supposed full control of Styx's waters. The only other instances of demons obtaining souls from its waters were through the formal petition process afforded to all the lower-ranks, earned through their merits, and special exceptions granted by an assemblage of the Hidden Emperors, bestowed upon those deemed fit to step into the highest ranks of demon society.

Ose scowls at Mephisto, but grits her teeth and for once doesn't immediately snap back at him.

"Tsk. Fine! You make a good point. Bael! Grant me the right to promote to Emperor. You did it once, so you can do it again!"

Mephisto pales at her words, realizing he won't have the right to refuse if Bael goes along with her ploy. Fortunately, Bael merely scoffs at her words.

"Huh? The hell're you talkin' about, lady? First you steal my body, _and_ Little Bael, and now you want a handout? Get real. You killed Shax, and I done swept that under the bridge, but don't think you're gettin' a reward for your shoddy performance. Sheesh. The kahunas on you today."

The Duke of Mist breathes a sigh of relief, while Ose groans in exasperation.

"Bael! Don't be such a hardhead, not at a time like this! It's not my fault the Hero obtained Excalibur. It's _Excalibur_, dammit! I seem to recall King Arthur trounced you twice with that infernal weapon! I had no way of countering it in time. _That's_ why Stormbringer failed!"

Bael rolls his eyes and makes a mocking lip-flapping motion with his fingers. "_Blah blah. It's not my fault. Waa, waa._ Just own up to it, Ose. You fucked up a whole buncha times. I took a chance promoting you to Emperor, but clearly I coulda' done better. There's no sense in handing such a large haul over to you again."

Mephisto visibly perks up. "Yesss, Bael. You have the right idea. Inssstead, I ssshould be the one-"

"Naw, not you either, bub." Bael growls. "I might be dumb as a rock, but I ain't as stupid as a boulder. I saw what you did to the little guys at the end. You were gonna kill 'em all to add to your boney-army. I won't let a selfish bastard like you take over, either. It's time I started lookin' elsewhere for the next leader of the Seven Hells. It'd sure be great if ol' Deebs woke up soon... but that ain't likely."

Despite Bael's immediate refusal, Ose doesn't relent. "Listen to me, Bael. I understand you're mad about Shax. What I did was wrong-"

"Just Shax?" Bael interrupts. "And what about Satan too, huh? Yeah, you knew what your momma was up to, but you didn't tell anyone! Cripes, like mother, like daughter. Ol' Triple-Tits Lucy really raised the shittiest, most ungrateful little brat, didn't she?"

Ose presses on. "...And so, I have made many errors. I'm not perfect, but I'm still smarter than the other demons. Not even Fenrir is capable of manipulating human technology like me. With the Wordsmith now empowered by Excalibur, aren't I our best shot at defeating him? I alone possess the knowledge and know-how necessary to empower our people's future! You know that!"

Bael frowns. "Doesn't matter. But I'll tell you what. You want what you lost? Then earn it back! The Hidden Emperors are all gettin' together. You go there and lay out a plan that'll make us beat the Hero. I owe that punk for what he's done. I gave him a chance to cool down, but instead, he blasted all my friends to dust! If you can give us a shot at killin' him, then I'm down to try it."

Before Ose can reply, Bael raises a finger. "But hey! None of your usual bullshit, Ose. I mean it! No tryin' to capture him alive and steal his power, or any of that other crap. Just get in, blast the little runt, and get out. Your greed has already fucked us once. I ain't takin' it up the butt twice!"

After a momentary pause, Bael adds. "Though, now that I think about it, I _am_ in your body now. Say, did you ever take it up the butt, Ose? Just askin'."

"That's none of your business!" Ose snaps. "For Devil's sake, Bael!"

"Sheesh, learn to take a joke, will ya?" Bael chuckles. "But seriously. Get a plan going quick. No bullshit."

Ose rolls her eyes. "Fine. I suppose it's better than nothing, and I _did_ make a few critical miscalculations during Stormbringer. I need to redeem myself."

Watching from the sidelines, Zamiel claps his hands. "Great! Now that we've got that mess all sorted out, are we done here, or what? I'd like to stretch this new body out and see what it can do."

Bael nods. "Same, pal! I guess you and me are in the same boat, stuck in weird, ugly bodies. But oh well! Shit happens."

"My body is _not_ ugly," Ose growls. "Seriously, Bael. Are you _trying_ to piss me off?"

The Duke of Pain swings his legs over the side of the altar and starts to stand up. "Yup. It's a lot of fun. That's why I do- oh shit!"

Not used to the skinny, twig-like body of Ose, Bael echoes his fellow body-swapper by losing control of his movements and tripping awkwardly over his feet. The Duke of Pain crashes face-first against the marble floor, then bellows painfully.

"Aaaarghh!! Oh, devils! Aaaah! I broke my legs! Oh, fuck-fuck-fuck! The pain, the agony! It hurts so bad! Uwaaaa!"

Mephisto, Ozzar, Ose, and Zamiel all widen their eyes in disbelief as the Duke of Pain curls up into the fetal position and sobs profusely.

"Boo-hoo-hoo! Oh, geez, oh brood-mommy! This boo-boo hurts real bad, oh it's terrible! My poor legs, so weak, so fragile! I broke 'em for good, aaaahh!"

Confused beyond belief, Ose trots over to Bael's side, only to spot two tiny red marks on his knees.

"Imbecile! You barely even bruised the skin! Stop blubbering like a baby and pick yourself up! I can't stand the sight of you making a mockery of my beautiful figure!"

Bael continues to sob, oblivious to her words. "Someone kiss the boo-boo! Kiss it, please! Make this terrible pain go away!"

A dark cloud descends over the other demons. Ozzar glances at his Master.

"Is Bael going to be okay?"

Mephisto groans.

"He isss jussst an idiot. You get usssed to it."