Part 374: Gorn's Seclusion
Part 374: Gorn's Seclusion

_At the outskirt of Tarus II's Warpgate Encampment._

Not long after finishing his business with the Wordsmith, Emperor Gorn confidently swaggers his way out of the city, passing the numerous humans that have begun to spring up in houses, duplexes, and large apartment complexes. The further west he goes, the smaller the population, before ultimately reaching a half-mile zone without any structures, in between the Fortress of Retribution and the Warpgate Encampment.

When Gorn reaches the encampment, a few monster guards at the gate, namely a pair of Harpies, quickly scan his body for any strange paraphernalia before waving him through. Gorn reaches the Warpgate itself only a few minutes later, and ultimately passes through to the Labyrinth Core, where he finds himself amidst a bustling hub of activity. No longer is the Core merely a place for humans and their allies to meet up, but it has actually become ten times more densely packed with demons as well.

Newly rebuilt, the Core features multiple levels for people to conduct their business. It functions not only as a transfer between worlds through its seven Warpgates, but also a trading hub for all the different species to congregate.

On the bottom-most level, the computers responsible for calculating Warpgate transfer coordinates have been rebuilt from the ground up by Phoebe Hiro, allowing for the gates to deactivate and reactivate two times faster than they did prior to Stormbringer. While it may have taken ten or twenty minutes to calculate Warpgate coordinates in the past, now it typically only takes five to ten.

The level above the computer center is the primary level, where people enter and exit the Warpgates. Instead of a bowl-like formation, the entire Core has been remade to feature as flat of ground as possible; extra useful for transferring vehicles and supplies between worlds.

As for the third, fourth, and fifth levels, these mostly consist of demons, humans, and monsters waiting for their gates to open next. Only by collectively contributing Merit Tokens can any group accelerate the speed of their gate transfer opening up. Even for Gorn, a lauded Emperor of the demons, he cannot demand for a gate to his homeworld to be opened before those of other people, unless he contributes a substantial number of his own Merit Tokens.

Sadly, this cannot be helped. With only seven Warpgates but billions of potential people needing to travel to hundreds of different locations and worlds, the Core must be put on a strictly limited and regulated rotation of worlds to maintain order.

When Gorn steps through the Tarus II Warpgate, the central of the seven which always remains active and connected to Tarus II, he inhales deeply.

A smug smile flashes across Gorn's face as he dwells on the truly fortuitous encounter he just enjoyed.

"Hehehe... Wordsmith. You have helped me more than you know."

Gorn turns to an Orc stationed near the Tarus II Warpgate.

"Where is the group for Diabolus?" Gorn asks.

The Orc turns to evaluate him, and immediately snaps to attention when he spots Gorn's Emperor-level horns.

"Urgh. Diabolus group. Third Level. East Wing."

Gorn nods. "Very good."

He ignores the orc's presence and wades into the crowd before him, more than two hundred thousand people all mashed together with only a few feet between them at any given spot. Not only does Gorn pass humans, but goblins scurrying beneath his feet, minotaurs towering above his head, and even other demons who glance at him in surprise when they sense his aura passing them by. Even with humanity and demonkind technically united, Emperors are still rarely seen, and hardly any low-level demon Grunts will ever witness a living Emperor in the flesh.

Gorn rides an elevator to the third level. He walks to a seating arrangement where more than twenty-thousand demons from his Hell of Calamity await their turn to travel home.

Among these demons are also a smaller group of Orcs. Gorn raises an eyebrow when he spots one of the orcs, an older male of notable origin.

"Shorath, fourth son of Maltus, the First Ancient." Gorn says, taking a seat in the waiting area beside that tall, imposing Orc. "Quite some time has passed since I last saw you. Your aura has grown substantially more imposing over these last few millennia."

The muscular orc, a cunning-looking male with a thick black beard and hair worn in dreadlocks, turns to look at Gorn with mild respect. "Emperor Gorn. It is my lucky day to meet you here. I have just returned from a great hunt! The beasts on Tarus II are quite fearsome. I encountered a twelve-eyed creature with vicious mandibles that nearly rent me in half. My third cousin actually died to its maw, the poor sod!"

Speaking of death so casually, Shorath doesn't seem to care at all that one of a thousand cousins perished. In time, a thousand more will spawn, and at least half of them won't survive to their hundredth year alive. To him, the loss of one insignificant cousin means nothing.

"This generation is too weak." Gorn comments, turning his eyes to the far wall, where expected wait times update on huge monitors live for each of the Warpgates. He spots the next opening of the Diabolus gate, scheduled for just two hours in the future, and smiles. "I do hope you were able to enjoy a good laugh at his expense."

"Indeed!" Shorath chuckles. "Ultimately, I smote that creature with my father's ancestral club. Ah, have you heard? The Zhurm's Guard Selection will soon occur, just three months from now. I intend to compete and win the right to serve at my Zhurm's side! It will earn my lineage great honor."

"Oh? Maybe I'll pop over and watch." Gorn idly replies. "Though, I might be too busy. Hehehe... I happen to have acquired quite the useful gift from the Wordsmith. All of my problems will soon fade away."

"What sort of gift?" Shorath inquires.

"The kind that costs a thousand Merit Tokens." Gorn replies, a sly smile twitching at the edges of his mouth.

"You paid for a Word of Power? How extravagant!" Shorath says, clearly unimpressed. "The cost to performance ratio just isn't worth it. I looked up the two hundred Words of Power he offered. None of them are all that impressive! Compared to making two Dukes into Emperors, you have suffered a loss."

"The only power a person can rely on in this world is his own strength..." Gorn mutters. "Minions and underlings might make my Hell more formidable, but the more Emperors there are in the Hell of Calamity, the more competitors I'll have. I would much prefer to strengthen myself until I become unstoppable. Then I won't need the little peasants..."

"Your ambitions sure are _impressive_." Shorath praises, in a somewhat sarcastic manner. "I hope you can bear the cost."

"I will pay any price to attain power." Gorn concludes, leaving no more room for discussion. "If you ever reach the apex of your species... you will understand."

Shorath chuckles. "To become the Zhurm... it is what any self respecting orc would want. But doing so is harder than ascending from Hell to Heaven! I have countless years before I can match up to the great Ashura..."

The two of them fall silent for a while, before ultimately returning to more banal topics.

Two hours pass. A voice transmits over the loudspeaker.

"**Attention, all entities in the waiting areas. Gate Five will open for transfer to Diabolus in three minutes. It will remain open for twenty minutes. Please begin shuttling to the transfer position now.**"

Gorn stands up.

"Finally."

He, Shorath, and all the other demons and orcs transferring to Diabolus move to the second level. By the time they arrive, the Warpgate has already transitioned, allowing them to smoothly pass through to their homeworld of Diabolus.

After walking through the Warpgate and arriving on Diabolus, Gorn pauses when he senses the aura of a Duke nearby.

"Ah, Mara." Gorn says, flashing a toothy smile at her. "On your way back to Tarus II?"

The Duke of Collection pauses before stepping through. "I am. Hmm? Your aura seems a little... different."

As a high level demoness, Mara notices a faint fluctuation in Gorn's demonic aura.

"Does it? That might be due to my recent visit with the Wordsmith." Gorn chuckles. "If you can save up a thousand points, I believe the effects will be quite... pleasing."

"What Word of Power did you exchange for?" Mara asks, eyeing Gorn curiously.

"Haha." Gorn chuckles, without elaborating. "I take my leave."

Invisible question marks pop up over Mara's head as Gorn walks away, but ultimately, his business is none of her business. She passes through the Warpgate to the Core, while Gorn continues traveling forward.

After walking half a mile from the Diabolus Warpgate complex, Gorn lifts his eyes to the blood red sky, soaked in fire. On this planet, 38C (100F) temperatures are normal, while on the hottest days, the planet's heat can easily reach 65.5C (150F). No human would dare come here, nor would any of the lesser monster species. But for orcs and the hardiest demons, the planet's sweltering temperatures don't bother them in the least. For Gorn, anything cooler than Diabolus's average heat is almost like a wintery chill.

"Mmm. Smells like death is in the air." Gorn randomly remarks.

The Hell of Calamity's mightiest Emperor reaches up and grabs hold of his face. He begins to pull on it, and immediately, a mystical scene takes place as his bearded, mature, and intimidating visage peels away. A flurry of light and darkness explodes around him, shrouding his appearance, while he pulls out another mask from his Mind Realm. This mask, surprisingly, exudes a mixture of a holy and divine energy, but mixed with something bloody and vile. A single eye, like that of a cyclops, sits above its nose. Its color is a mixture of pale white with blood-red streaks coloring its entire surface.

"It's been a while since I donned 'Bloody Tear,'" Gorn chuckles. "If only I could still use Vermillion... but that damned Mephisto... tsk."

Gorn places Bloody Tear onto his face, and another explosion of light and shadow erupts, continuing to shroud his body and make it impossible for observers to see his 'true form.' A few moments later, Gorn stands tall as a six-armed angel of death, something resembling a monstrous version of demonkind's former enemies. Six blood-red wings sprout from his back, and his singular eye sweeps around, as if searching for prey.

Bloody Tear. A solid investigative-type mask, but one lacking in power. Compared to Vermillion, a mask based on propelling the power of fire to its peak, Bloody Tear is more of a mask designed for speed and scouting. Its singular eye contains visual acuity that can not only pick out a coin on the ground from fifty miles in the air, but can even peer through half a mile of dirt and debris to gaze inside of mountains and buildings.

In the past, Gorn used Bloody Tear to hunt down angels, humans, and other dissidents. But that was during the Energy Wars. These days, he only uses it if he requires the power of flight.

"Tsk. With Vermillion gone, I'll need to craft a new Face." Gorn growls. "Bloody Tear is too old and unwieldy. My crafting prowess has grown by leaps and bounds since the Energy Wars."

With a shake of his head, Gorn leaps into the air and spreads his six bloody wings. He takes to the skies, causing countless demons to gaze up at him with awe in their eyes.

"Look! That's Emperor Gorn!"

"His aura is so powerful! He must be the strongest demon alive today!"

"Yeah... well, now that Ose's gone, anyway."

"Shut up, idiot! Do you want him to come down here and kill you?! Gorn could murder you with a flap of those wings!"

Despite these demons whispering under their breath, even though Gorn is two thousand feet above the planet's surface, he easily picks out the sounds of individual conversations thanks to Bloody Tear's unique spying capabilities.

"...Hmm. Perhaps this old face does still have some use." Gorn muses, ignoring the blabbering weaklings.

Gorn races across the sky. In less than an hour, he arrives at a demonic temple built into the side of a mountain. Carved from demonstone and granite, this temple is actually Gorn's palace, his home for the last 100,000 years. The first thing a casual observer might notice is the temple's Oriental origins, with its many pagodas sprinkled around the mountainside, its high levels of Feng Shui, and even its curved rooftops, allowing the occasional molten rainfall to drizzle off the sides of every structure.

On Diabolus, not a single green plant grows anywhere. Instead, fire-type plants and wildlife abound, such as Phoenix Parasol Trees or Inflamed Yang Beetles. These creatures thrive in the heat, bolstered by the rich demonic mana that has accumulated near populous areas for the past 100,000 years. Even in Gorn's personal palace, colorful red and yellow shrubbery line the walls, livening up the decor and increasing the heat indoors further. To enter Gorn's palace, only the strongest demons and monsters would even be able to step foot there, let alone live there for extended periods of time.

Gorn drops to the ground. His vicious and evil angel visage draws the attention of several guards posted around his living quarters, but they immediately identify him and bow respectfully.

"Oh, Gorn, darling." Says a Demon Duke inside Gorn's quarters. "You returned later than I expected."

This Duke, a female named Mai Sho, lays back on a silk couch woven with red and yellow fibers. Her long, pink legs stick out of her Chinese-styled dress, exposing her thighs and calves in a sensually arousing way. As one of Gorn's many concubines, she holds a high position in his harem.

Gorn strides into the inner chamber. His singular eye sweeps across not only her, but a half dozen other Dukes and Barons, some of them male, some of them female, all part of his harem.

"That new Warpgate time system added an extra hour to my wait." Gorn simply says. "Is Serena here?"

"Lady Serena is currently working with the survivors from the Hell of Isolation." Mai Sho says. She lifts a long, slender smoking pipe to her cherry-red lips and inhales from it. "I imagine she will return later tonight."

"Mmm. I am going to go into seclusion for a few months." Gorn says. "During that time, unless you receive a notice exceeding the fifth level, don't bother me with it. Serena and Crow will be in charge."

A handsome male Baron wearing a tight-fitting corset sits on a chair not far from Mai Sho, his legs crossed. He lifts his chin, a look of surprise on his face. "Gorn, dearest, you're going into seclusion? At a critical time like this? Whatever for, love?"

Gorn doesn't immediately answer. He pauses for a moment to glance at the dozen or so members of his harem present before shaking his head.

"I am going to mold new faces. Thanks to the Wordsmith, I have made tremendous gains. Even he will not be able to fathom the tool he has given me. I estimate my speed will increase by... a hundredfold!"

Several demons gasp in surprise.

"A hundredfold?" Mai Sho asks, sitting up a little straighter. "How is that possible? The shortest time you've ever taken to craft a face was seventy years. Are you saying you might be able to make a new face in only seven months?!"

"I will not know until I try." Gorn says. "But... I feel quite confident in my chances."

"If you succeed, you will surely obtain even greater gains than merely a few new faces!" The male Baron from before exclaims. "Best of wishes to you, love! I will meditate for your good luck!"

Gorn nods. "I would like to try and visit the Zhurm's Guard Selection in three months. Inform me when that day arrives. If I choose not to go... it will be for a very good reason."

Without any further fanfare, Gorn steps through the doors of his private chamber, passes through that room into a secluded meditation chamber, and slams the door shut.

A fifty-ton boulder blocks the doorway, sealing Gorn inside where nobody will be able to easily bother him. With a flick of his wrist, Gorn activates the chamber's internal lights, bathing himself in a blood-red glow.

A huge mirror takes up one of the walls, reaching from the floor to the ceiling. In the center of the chamber sits a mat made of soft but heat resistant fibers, suitable for one to sit on for extended periods of time. And, most importantly, a series of magical tools sit attached to the far wall, all of them exuding various amounts of demonic energy. These tools are Gorn's primary means of molding 'faces,' and as such, are the most precious things he owns. If he were to lose them, he could remake them, but he would need to expend a great deal of time and effort.

The Emperor of Many Faces stands in the center of the room for a full hour. He stares at his reflection in the mirror, the image of the one-eyed, six-armed and six-winged angel. For a long while, he simply gazes at himself.

Then, he reaches up and grabs hold of his face.

With a light tug, Gorn pulls away his Bloody Tear mask. A wave of light and dark energy spirals around him, shrouding him from the senses of anyone who might want to look at him. Even if he looks into the mirror, he won't be able to see himself amidst the cloud of black and gold smoke.

But after ten seconds, the smoke fades away.

Gorn doesn't don a new face.

Instead, he steels his stomach and waits for the smoke to clear.

When it finally fades away, Gorn's true body appears.

He gazes at himself with empty eyes.

His sickly brown skin does not look like the vibrant hue many dark-skinned humans might have, but rather, like the color of dried-out demon blood. Old, rotten, and fetid.

His scrawny arms and short stature make him appear to be at most five feet tall. He resembles a sickly human more than the frightening Emperor who rules over one of the most powerful Hells. His hairless body and wrinkled face even make him look like a cross between a lanky teenager and a half-dead old man.

Without a doubt, when not wearing one of his masks, Gorn does not appear intimidating or powerful in the slightest.

The Emperor of Many Faces gazes at his shriveled, scrawny, weak and pathetic little body with a look of disgust.

"Why must this be me...?" He asks, in a voice that cracks, as if he were suffering from early puberty. "Why must I falsify myself to earn the slightest respect?"

Slowly, Gorn sits down on the mat, cross-legged. He continues to stare at himself for a while before sighing deeply.

"The last face I molded was the Emerald Devil... but that was thirteen hundred years ago. I haven't had much drive for quite a long time. But that all changes... now! Thanks to the Wordsmith, I finally have the capability to change my lot in life. I can move forward with my great experiment..."

Gorn inhales deeply. He closes his eyes and meditates for an hour, then stands up and walks to his wall of tools. He pushes a button on that wall, and it splits down the middle, sliding open to reveal another room hidden just a bit deeper. Inside, the room appears entirely empty, except for rows upon rows of 'racks' attached to the walls. These racks are custom-made to fit Gorn's masks, allowing him to slot them onto the walls for easy viewing.

Gorn reaches inside his Mind Realm. He begins pulling out masks, one after the other, and placing them on the walls.

"Vermillion. The Desirable One. Bloody Tear. The False Idol. Mother's Embrace. Sleeping Viper. Tiger God. South Sea's Sunderer..."

One by one, Gorn places masks on the walls. He lines them up in order of importance, taking the time to calm his mind and dwell on all the past feats he's accomplished with these masks.

In total, Gorn possesses more than two thousand faces! Each of them is a frightening artifact capable of not only granting him incredible powers, but also blending into target populaces, mixing with other species unseen, hiding his aura and body, and even boosting his capabilities when crafting new ones.

But among these masks, the most precious is undoubtedly the second one he placed down...

_The Desirable One._

This is the face he wears every day, any time he steps out in public. Almost never does he take off The Desirable One. In fact, the only times he historically will do so is during periods of seclusion, when he intends to craft a new face.

Gorn finishes placing all of his 2,398 masks on the walls. It takes him several hours, but this does not feel to him like work. Instead, it is more of a ritual he must perform in order to sharpen his frame of mind.

He inhales and exhales deeply, allowing Diabolus's heat to wash over his skin. With the door closed, the room reaches a sweltering temperature that would soon boil water.

But Gorn pays this mild heat no attention.

Instead, a smile traces upon his lips.

"Wordsmith. I must thank you. That Word of Power you granted me... **Perception.** It will change everything. I have spent 100,000 years trying to find the limits of my powers, but now, thanks to you, I can accelerate my scale by an unfathomable amount. Are 'faces' truly my only limit? I think not. I can craft even more incredible things... but it is you who ultimately will grant me the push I need to unlock my full potential."

His smile deepens, becoming more and more sinister by the second.

"That First Emperor... so scary. He hides his identity for reasons unknown. But I do not fear him. My masks can copy anyone. They can counter _anything_. The First Emperor does not frighten me. Only the fear that I might never reach the pinnacle of power keeps me up at night. But I need no longer worry about such things. You have granted me a terrific boon, indeed... hehehe!"

As Gorn laughs to himself, he plucks one of the faces off the wall and dons it, transforming into an Orc of refined majesty and intellect.

"Today, the Dire Blacksmith will begin his work! In just a few months, I will create a mask that can shake the cosmos and rattle the heavens! I wonder what looks the others will give me when they discover my new limits?"

"Heh heh heh..."