Part 589: Energon
Part 589: Energon

Inside Chrona, Jason Hiro alternates between watching the Maiuran War unfold via the Spynet Sphere, and traveling into his warehouse to take care of several important side projects. Even if the battle on Maiura concludes in just one realspace day, that's still 250 Chrona-days Jason can spend productively working on multiple projects to enhance his strength, as well as the abilities of his fellow humans.

For him, twenty days have already passed since the Kolvaxians first appeared. Jason sometimes thinks about the recent conversation he had with Hope. He scowls every time his subconscious mind brings it up.

"What an idiot. What a colossal moron. When did Hope become so stupid?" Jason wonders out loud, as he manipulates an artifact-knife in his hand, looking at it absentmindedly.

At this moment, Jason stands inside his warehouse. Thanks to the hard work of Rebecca, all his past and present artificing projects have been stored and organized on various shelves and inside mundane and magical containers, their details easily accessible via the central warehouse control system.

This particular dagger represents a random side experiment he decided to embark on just today; a simple design aimed at maximizing one highly specific attribute to the highest extent possible.

A dagger that strikes as many times at once as possible for the sake of stacking up the hits to deal a critical deathblow!

Jason stands before a training dummy, one imbued with exceptionally powerful regeneration magic, and a body made out of the hardest Wordsmithium he's ever produced. Intended to be a testing dummy for battling the Kolvaxians, this puppet is even more durable and regenerative than even the Kolvaxians themselves. Jason takes its design seriously, not skimping on the materials used to make it, as he worries the Kolvaxians may even strengthen over time.

Whenever he designs a new weapon, Jason goes to every possible length to ensure it will be effective against humanity's most frightening foe.

Abruptly, Jason stabs at the dummy's head, and the magic inside the knife activates, causing his arm to phase through time and space.

_Stab-stab-stab-stab..._

When his knife's stab lands, seven phantom images of his arm also land at the exact moment, causing a huge hole to explode in the dummy's head!

Quickly, Jason retracts his hand, watching as the dummy rapidly regenerates the Wordsmithium used to hold it together.

"Solid piercing capability, but I can't get the duplication threshold above seven. I guess that's the limit. What do you think, Rebecca?"

Jason turns to look at his loyal assistant, the Cybernite who has been crucial in helping him evolve his abilities. Rebecca watches the process silently, nodding her head when she hears Jason's query.

"Seven is fine. What's important is that the strike is highly focused. The armor-penetrative abilities are maximized, while the explosive power is minimized."

"But this knife can only deal with one Kolvaxian at a time." Jason points out. "And it requires 170 Energons to produce."

"170 Energons for an artifact of this quality isn't bad." Rebecca says. "Currently, we're able to capture 1,152 Energons across the Milky Way every Chrona-day. That means we could produce nearly seven knives each cycle."

"Yes, but only if we reduce the Wordsmithium volume to near-zero." Jason objects. "We need all the Wordsmithium we can get."

"The Quantum Knife is itself made of Class V Wordsmithium." Rebecca argues. "Compared to a thousand or so tons of Class I Wordsmithium, we're not making a loss."

Over the last several years, Rebecca and Jason have worked together to formalize a new system of energy mathematics. By harnessing the power of more than a hundred stars in remote locations hidden across the Milky Way, far from the Plague or Volgrim's influence, Jason has been able to secretly siphon the full energy of entire stars and convert it to mana for his own use.

The conversation ratio is truly terrible. 99% of the mundane energy is lost during the conversion, but the resulting mana gained is just as pure as the mana Jason's body innately produces, yet far, far more voluminous.

In fact, the amount of energy vastly exceeds what even Excalibur is capable of outputting! If Hope were to learn this fact, his ears would likely explode from rage...

After so many years, Jason has developed many different 'types' of Wordsmithium, possessing countless unique properties. Compared to the original highly durable but rather 'bland' Class I Wordsmithium he made years ago, the newest evolutions are multiple epochs superior.

One Energon gained from the Milky Way's stars roughly equates to a single ton of Class I Wordsmithium, while Class II requires 2.5 Energons, Class III requires 10 Energons, Class IV requires 50 Energons, and Class V requires 500...

Of course, these numbers are only estimates. Due to mystical reasons Jason and Rebecca have yet to fully unravel, sometimes they are able to produce more or less Wordsmithium than the incoming Energons imply, leaving them to scratch their heads. But by now, they've mostly figured out the averages.

"Seven knives made of Class V Wordsmithium are not that impressive." Jason also retorts. "Forget a single ton of Class V Wordsmithium, those knives don't amount to a fraction of a ton! Most of the mana is spent imbuing them with the Enchantments!"

"Spent, but not wasted." Rebecca says, waving her finger chidingly. "As long as you continue to locate stars in hidden locations, the Energon production will ramp up over time. But actually, I do have a better idea for the knives."

"You do? I'm all ears." Jason says, fiddling with the knife's edge.

"I say we retry the enchanting process. This time, aim for the bottom end of _six_ strikes. As long as the knife can reliably stab six times, that will be more than good enough for our needs, _and_ it will lower the Energon cost to manufacture them considerably. Furthermore, we haven't added an elemental enchantment. Since the Kolvaxians are weak to fire, let's try mixing that in. Six strikes that plunge flames, or plasma, or even raw explosive energy into their bodies should allow for potential one-hit kills."

Jason chews his bottom lip. "Wasn't the entire point to get as many stabs in as possible? Doesn't dropping the threshold to six impalements fly in the face of your original design idea?"

Rebecca shrugs. "This is the scientific way, Jason. I extrapolated based on past data and suggested this development trajectory. It hasn't gone according to those projections, so we'll alter the plan and try again. Remember, the true goal is to develop weapons efficient enough for ordinary soldiers to fight back the Kolvaxian hordes. And if we develop weapons of that quality, they should _also_ prove effective against many Cosmic threats."

Jason sobers up, remembering his primary goal. "Right. Good point. Okay, we'll take a break for a few hours then. When I come back, I'll retry with the new design principle. If we're lucky, maybe I can lower the Energon cost below 125... that would be big."

He sets the knife on his machining table beside half a dozen previous prototypes. Then, he stretches and pops his back, but he doesn't leave the warehouse.

"Something else?" Rebecca asks.

"It's Hope." Jason mutters. "I keep thinking about what he said to me. Why is he so insistent on me staying away from Maiura? He's putting lives at risk."

"You don't have to do as he says." Rebecca points out. "So what if he gets mad that you're helping? This is no time for a small-minded man causing thousands or even millions to die."

"That's a _logical_ way to put it." Jason says, raising an eyebrow. "But things are never that simple. Hope isn't an idiot. He's actually really smart. Hell, not that many years ago I even felt he was way smarter than me. It's important humanity doesn't become divided during this crisis. If him and I start butting heads, it could lead to a catastrophe."

Rebecca crosses her arms. She looks at Jason meaningfully.

"Is that why you're staying here, working on these projects? You're afraid of pissing Hope off?"

"No, I'm not _afraid_ of him." Jason snorts. "But this is about the bigger picture. If I enrage him, or cross some unseen invisible line, I might set him off. What if he lashes out?"

Rebecca falls silent.

Several seconds pass as she looks at Jason, her eyes betraying no emotion.

"If things have degraded that far, Jason, then..."

She pauses.

"...perhaps you should eliminate him."

"What?!" Jason asks. "Are you _actually_ saying I should kill Hope?"

Rebecca shrugs. "I have no attachment to him. I don't even necessarily think it's a good idea. But humanity already has a Wordsmith. It would be extremely remiss of me to pretend that allowing a loose cannon Wordsmith to rampage around and threaten the stability of the galaxy is perfectly okay. It is not. If you're this worried about Hope, then maybe you should consider acting in a more _final_ capacity."

This time, it's Jason who falls silent. He stares at Rebecca, his mouth slightly agape, incredulous.

"That's- that's such a fucked up thing to say. Even if Hope hates me, he's still fundamentally a good person! He cares about everyone else. He just has a vendetta against me! I don't know _why_ he does, but I'm sure if I could figure it out..."

"What?" Rebecca scoffs, shaking her head. "You could convince him to _calm down_? Make peace with him? Jason, based on everything you've said and I've observed, it's obvious why Hope hates you."

Jason blinks. "It is?"

"Yes. He hates you because someone else is bending his ear and whispering hateful words about you. I'll leave it to you to guess who, since you're more familiar with the major players that might be involved."

Stunned, Jason looks away. He glances off to the side and falls into thought for a short while.

"Neil hates me. The two of them talk a lot. But Neil's not a moron. I don't think he'd be so blatant as to tell Hope to hate me constantly. I barely even get in Neil's way anymore."

Jason continues. "So who else? Linda? Amelia? That seems doubtful. Jepthath? We've never even spoken, so I doubt it's him..."

One name pops out in Jason's mind, causing his frown to deepen.

"Seriously? _Solomon?_ Could it be him? I mean, he and I left on bad terms. He puppeteered my body without my consent twice, and he even tried to kill Belial and make me the scapegoat. It must be him. But even for Solomon, this is insane. He and Hope are always together inside the Hall of Heroes. Who knows what he's telling Hope when I can't hear."

"Solomon is the most likely culprit." Rebecca admits. "But there is another suspect. Raphael."

"Raphael??" Jason asks, even more bewildered than before. "That's way too out of left field. I mean, Raphael hasn't been entirely honest with me at times, but I doubt there's that much mutual hatred between us. Plus, Hope and Raphael don't seem to spend a lot of time together. No, Solomon seems the most likely suspect, much as I hate to say so."

Jason groans audibly. "What a pain in my ass. It explains why Hope so irrationally hates me. He's always been jealous of the fact that I ended up being the original body, and the fact I was rather heartless to him in the beginning. That was definitely my fault, but... I just didn't realize! If I had known he was literally an exact copy of me, I'd have treated him differently! I wouldn't have let him fall into Neil's clutches and be manipulated, I wouldn't-"

"Stop, Jason." Rebecca says, holding up her palm. "There's no sense in blaming yourself. What happened, happened. The crucial question is, can you unravel Hope's conspiratorial mindset? And if not, then is it really okay to let him keep living as he has until now?"

Jason's expression darkens. He leans back against the machining table and stares at the ground, falling into deep contemplation.

"I don't like killing." Jason eventually says. "Not killing demons, angels, Volgrim, or humans. Not killing anything. But if the need arises, I won't hold back."

"And what, exactly, would you determine to be the moment the 'need arises'?" Rebecca counters. "Hope is pushing harder and harder to sideline you. He's putting people's lives in danger. If not now, then when? Are you going to sit back and let people die?"

Before Jason can answer, she shakes her head.

"Just to be clear, I don't really care what the answer is. Whether a thousand humans live in the Milky Way or a billion, it doesn't matter to me. In my opinion, Cybernites are a superior evolution of the human species. I'd much rather focus on converting more people to my species than saving 'mere mortal' lives. But even with that said, I don't want to see humans die needlessly either. Most importantly, I want _you_ to make a decision that won't ruin your mindset and set you on a course for catastrophe."

Jason nods along to her words, but continues to look at the floor. "If I let Hope do as he pleases, that could lead to a catastrophe. If I make up a sloppy reason and kill him, that could equally cause a catastrophe. This is not an easy dilemma to solve. If I could only... fix his outlook on life... it would be so much easier. If I could figure out _why_ he hates me so much, maybe I could..."

The Wordsmith strokes his chin. He closes his eyes and sighs.

"I will think about this over the next several days."

"What about the situation on Maiura?" Rebecca asks. "Are you going to remain uninvolved?"

Jason looks at her with a glint in his eye. "I haven't exactly been doing nothing, you know. I've already saved some people. But... I think I'll work a bit harder. There's still room for improvement."

"I agree." Rebecca says, smiling at him.

The two of them stand up straight. They exchange a few more pleasantries, then Jason departs, heading back to the Spynet Sphere. As he walks, he thinks about a great many things, but mostly about how he should deal with Hope.

"Hope. Oh, _Hope_. Honestly... I wish I hadn't made you. I wish I knew back then what I know now. You brought Amelia back. You fought against me every step of the way. But you haven't been all bad, have you?"

Jason chuckles, but his voice lacks any joy.

"There haven't been many good times between you and me. But... I respected you, once. I respected that you made a name for yourself. I knew I screwed up, early on. I regretted the way I treated you. If only you would let me reconcile, couldn't we work past our differences? What do you gain by hating me, other than pain and misery? Isn't there a better way?"

"I don't want to kill him." Jason whispers to himself. "I _don't_ want that. And I don't want him to kill me either. What if he lashes out, just to hurt me? What if he attacks Phoebe, or Samantha? Would he? I used to think he wouldn't, but maybe times have changed. He's becoming an unstable variable."

Jason walks up to the Spynet Sphere, and the door on its side slides open. Inside, Fiona stands alone, gazing at the monitors as she keeps her hand on a control panel for the teleportation matrices. Every once in a while, she teleports someone off-world in secret, making sure not to draw Hope or Neil's gazes.

"Another nineteen hundred and forty." She says as Jason enters. "I've been careful to only rescue isolated individuals or duos."

"Good. That's good." Jason says blandly, not really paying attention. He stands behind Fiona, then reaches over to squeeze her shoulders. "Can we talk? It's about Hope."

Fiona frowns. She turns all the way around to look at Jason.

"What about him?"

Jason's shoulders sag.

"I need your input. I need to come up with a way to handle him."

"Alright." Fiona says. "I'm listening."

---

"Man, what are we all doing, just standing around with our thumbs up our butts? I'm bored! Let's go already!"

Bael loudly complains, over and over again, to anyone within earshot. Whether they want to listen or not, all of the demons nearby have no choice but to roll their eyes as he whines, bitches, and moans.

Here on the world of Yardris, a massive legion of Demon Emperors, Dukes, and Barons nervously wait for the command to come down through Yardrat to them. The top-level Demon Deities, specifically the Middle Cosmics, hold the true power over demonkind. And recently, a large number of Higher Demons have even chosen to side with Demon Deity Auger, passing their abilities on to him. Thus, he holds more sway over demonkind than any other demon in the ancient past.

"Bael, stop it." Crow says, waving her wing dismissively. "We leave when the higher-ups tell us to leave."

Yardrat paces around, looking a little uncomfortable about the situation, but also plenty happy not to be heading out already.

"Have you forgotten?" Yardrat asks. "The Wordsmiths left you to die on the world of Reaver. They rescued all their fellow humans, but not the demons or Volgrim. Who cares if we don't rush over at the drop of the hat?"

"Yeah! Fuck 'em!" Emperor Fae cackles evilly. "Screw those Wordshits! Always acting high and mighty like they're better than us! I'd love to shove a bomb up their butts, lemme tell you that!"

Emperor Nymph bats her eyes while sitting on a stump she grew just so she could have a seat. "I would rather not go anyway. What good are Emperors against the new Plague? My magic will not be of any use. Even Fae probably won't be able to do more than knock the Plagueborn around a little. The only demons who can offer support to the humans are the Low and Middle Cosmics."

Bael casually picks his nose, flicking the booger on the ground afterward. "I wonder who'd win in a fight. Mephisto, or one of these new green-guys?"

"Doesn't matter." Demon Deity Melody says, her Astral Body floating off to the side. "Mephisto is probably dead. The Volgrim wanted to refine his dragon bones for some awful purpose. It's best not to think about that stuff."

Bael's expression turns glum. He kicks a rock into some nearby grass and sighs. "Man. I miss playin' Sticks and Bones with Mephy-boy. It's a shame he had to go all power-crazy and get his butt whooped. Why couldn't he just stay like he was before?"

"You're one of the only demons who doesn't care about power." Yardrat points out. "Mephisto saw an opportunity and took it. I can't even fault him for it. Shame, though. If he'd just waited, Diablo could have uplifted him a lot more painlessly."

"Yeah. Well. Deebs ain't around no more." Bael grunts.

The demons continue to loiter around, waiting for minutes upon minutes, even a full hour.

Eventually, Melody straightens her posture and assumes a more alert stance. She levitates into the air to hover fifty feet above all the demons, drawing their gazes.

"Alright, everyone. The Deities have communed. We've made our decision. As Nymph pointed out, there's really no point in mere mortal demons showing up to battle the Plague. Instead, the Middle Cosmics will use Yardrat's magic to project their powers onto Maiura."

She continues. "The situation on Maiura took a terrible turn a few minutes ago. It doesn't look like the humans are going to be able to hold on after all, so we have to make a move now. We might all still feel aggrieved by the way the Wordsmiths left us high and dry on Reaver, but in the end, we need to work together if we're to defeat the Plague."

"Oh." Fae says, blinking twice. "So... does that mean we can go home?"

"Yes." Melody says, rolling her eyes. "You can leave now."

Her Astral Body disappears, turning into cosmic dust and leaving all the Emperors and their subordinates feeling gloomy. As the crowd disperses and most of the demons prepare to travel back to the Labyrinth, one demon complains louder than ever.

"MAN! This stinks! I could've been takin' a nap this whole time! You jerks woke me up for nothing!"

"Shut up, Bael!"