Part 143: The Emperor of Passion
Part 143: The Emperor of Passion

**[Recommended Listening](https://www.dropbox.com/s/txlh4fhdbvyo8gc/R-Type%20Encounters.mp3)**

Satan's doppelganger smiles creepily. "Here I come!~"

Diablo jumps in front of Lucifer and summons a kinetic barrier right as Belial, still mimicking her husband's appearance, crouches on the ground and pounces at him like a jaguar. She flies at the Emperor of Annihilation and smashes her fist against the barrier surrounding his body with all her strength.

_THOOM!_

A shockwave explodes from the impact point, rattles Diablo's teeth, and sends the closest imps and grunts flying. They hit the walls, flop to the ground, and hurriedly flee the room in terror, yipping like beaten dogs.

Belial's fists transform into hardened hammers made of bone. Over and over, she pounds Diablo's kinetic barrier with unrelenting fury, each punch crashing upon him like a battleship plummeting from the sky. The walls crack and rattle, and the ceiling continuously sags as the shockwaves from her attacks threaten to bring the roof down.

Artorias, standing just outside the room, repeatedly slaps the walls and uses earth magic to try and reinforce the underground catacombs, but he seems to be fighting an uphill battle. "Spawn of a broodmother! Take this fight outside! You're going to kill us all!!"

The Emperors ignore Artorias. Diablo puts every ounce of his energy into defense, but he can barely keep up with Belial's onslaught.

"Baby! I can't maintain this pace forever!!"

Diablo's feet grind into the ground as he begins to slide backward.

_Wham! Wham! Wham!_

Belial strikes his stomach, chest, and head all in the blink of an eye. Diablo tries to resummon his barrier, but Belial seems immune to its knockback effects. He slips up and fails to protect himself for the final blow. Her hammer-like fists nearly take off his head and send him tumbling into the wall to her left. Diablo hits the hardened rock with enough force to jar his senses. He flops to the ground to writhe and clutch his chest as he regains his bearings.

"Diablo!"

Lucifer cries out in anger as her mate's defenses shatter. A blast of kinetic energy, built up over several seconds, fires from her third eye. Belial tries to dodge it, but she isn't fast enough. Lucifer's attack crashes against her and sends her careening into the wall beside Satan. She impacts it with a painful _whump!_

Satan winces. He glances at his doppelganger and curls up his mouth. "You okay, sweetie? Need me to jump in?"

Belial staggers to her feet. Her right arm hangs limp, apparently broken in several places. She scowls at Lucifer. "No. I'm fine."

With a flourish of her hands, Belial heals herself. Her joints snap back into place, making the succubus flinch as lightning shoots up her arm. A moment later, she balls both hands into fists.

"You forgot about ME!"

A voice yells out from the wall behind Belial. She gasps and spins on her feet, but a massive fist made of darkness rushes out and strikes her face, sending her tumbling toward Lucifer. Before she gets anywhere close, another fist appears in the shadow of one of Artorias's pillars, lunges out, and batters Belial again, sending her careening to the left.

Like a three-dimensional ping-pong machine, Berith begins punching Belial from every direction, melding her body with the shadows and turning the darkness into hammer-like weapons.

"You thought you could take on three Emperors at once?! Foolish succubus! I alone will bring you to ruin!"

Belial plows into a wall shrouded in darkness. Berith's arms jump out of it, wrap around the succubus, and bind her tightly. A moment later, shadow-lances leap from every nearby patch of darkness and rush toward Belial, intent on turning her into a cactus.

The Emperor of Passion gnashes her teeth. "You spoke too soon!"

She transforms her body from a solid mass into something with the consistency of pudding. Despite Berith's attempts to bind her to the wall, Belial melts through the shadow-walker's arms, causing her spears to impale the one who summoned them instead. They merge into Berith's body harmlessly, but she still howls in rage.

"You slippery little... get back here!!"

Belial, now a puddle of flesh, leaps from the ground, impacts a pillar, and reforms into her original body instead of a clone of her husband. She tears a massive chunk out of the stone column and flings it at Berith. 

"Here's a present!"

Berith's eyes widen as the one-ton mass of rock flies toward her. She instantly merges back into the shadows, like a frog diving underwater, causing the pillar to smash against the wall without injuring her.

Belial lands on her feet and backflips twice until she lands with her back to Satan's throne, only a few feet away.

"Need help yet?" Satan asks.

The succubus shakes her head. "I'm... I'm fine. Don't you worry about me!"

Satan shrugs and returns to resting on his fist. "It _is_ still three against one, toots. If you want my help..."

"I don't need your help!" Belial yells. She flicks her gaze toward Satan, and a look of rage passes over her face. "I'm not weak anymore! I'm strong, just like Nerissa!"

Satan nods. "Never said you weren't. Keep up the good work. You look great."

His words of praise shatter her anger. Belial's eyes brighten. "Oh... I do? Do you mean that?"

Satan smiles. "Of course, I do. You're kicking ass. Your sister would be proud. Keep it up."

As if a dark cloud had been blocking her emotions, Belial grins cheerfully and returns her attention to the other three Emperors. Already, Berith has returned to her physical form. She and Lucifer stand behind Diablo as he leans heavily against a pillar. Belial's punch must have hit him harder than I first thought.

The succubus's angst melts away. Belial crouches low to the ground and licks her lips. "Who's ready for round two?"

A shudder runs down Diablo's face. He takes a shaky step forward and reaches up to wipe blood from his nose. Already, his eye socket has started to swell from where Belial hit him. "Lucy, Berith... no more solo play. We have to work together to beat Belial. Don't underestimate her just because she's a succubus."

Berith flicks her eyes toward Diablo's back. "Don't presume you can order me around. Lucifer might need a man to tell her what to do, but I walk my own path!"

Lucifer's eyes harden as she turns to Berith. "I'm not taking orders from Diablo either, you numbskull. However, his battle sense is quite remarkable. He's smarter than you and me combined. It would be foolish to ignore his input."

Berith motions with her hands. Her body transforms into smoke, and she falls inside of a stray shadow on the floor. 

"Do whatever you please, Lucifer. Compared to me, you and Diablo are little more than ants. I will win this battle by myself and claim the title of First Emperor."

Lucifer watches as Berith sinks into the shadows. "Pigheaded fool. You'll end up dead if you refuse to work with others!"

"Ignore her," Diablo says. "She'll end up helping us, anyway. Focus on disorienting Belial. If I land a hit on her, I'll end this battle in one blow."

Belial raises an eyebrow. "I can hear every word you're saying."

Diablo shakes off the last vestiges of dizziness slowing him down. A moment later, he plants his foot in the ground and launches at Belial. "Fine by me!"

Seeing the Emperor of Annihilation leap at her, Belial stretches one of her arms out, grabs a nearby pillar, and yanks herself toward it. Halfway before she reaches it, she releases her grip, dives into a roll, and springs toward the ceiling.

_I have to take out Lucifer,_ Belial thinks to herself. _She's the most dangerous opponent, here._

Lucifer's third eye tracks Belial as she darts around and leaps toward her. "I won't let you close the distance, succubus!"

The Emperor of Providence motions with her hands. Immediately, a dozen ghostly swords, like those she used against Satan several years prior, materialize in midair. Half a dozen of them begin spinning rapidly in front of her to create a force field, while the rest jump at Belial to try and cut her out of the air. They swing and slice from left to right, but only manage to strike her afterimages. 

When one sword threatens to lop off Belial's arm, she transforms that limb into a blade, bats Lucifer's projected weapon aside, and continues running toward her.

Diablo tries to grab Belial's foot, but he misses by inches as she jumps on his head and leaps off, flying at his mate.

"Naptime, Lucy!"

Belial's sword-arm morphs into a giant bone-hammer. She swings with all her strength, breaks through Lucifer's spinning blades, and pulverizes the Emperor of Providence with-

_Wait, no._

Belial's bone-mace passes through Lucifer's body as if she's a ghost. Belial batters the wall and sends a minor earthquake rumbling through the underground caverns, but Lucifer's body vanishes into the ether.

"Huh? She was just here!"

The Emperor of Passion quickly scans the area. She spins on her heel and whirls around to search for Lucifer's whereabouts.

Diablo blinks. He notices Belial's momentary confusion, condenses his strength into a ten-times increased kinetic punch, and pulverizes a support column, spraying rock and stone in Belial's direction.

"Ack!" Belial quickly holds up her arms to protect her face as hundreds of rocky bullets blast every inch of her body, pummeling her like a firing squad. The succubus yelps in pain and staggers backward.

Berith's voice speaks from the wall behind Belial, as the succubi's shadow spreads across it. "Gotcha!"

Two arms jump from the wall. One of them grabs Belial by the back of her neck, while the second coils into a fist and pounds her spine with all its strength. Belial reels forward and tries to tear out of Berith's grasp, but the moment she lowers her arms, Diablo hits another pillar as hard as he can.

_Batoom! Shik, shik!_

Belial screams in pain. This time, Diablo's offensive shrapnel rips through her guts and throat and gouges out one of her eyes. "Eeeyahh!!"

My heart sinks as Lucifer reappears in one of the nearby shadows. A maniacal grin spreads across her face. 

"Foolish whore! If only you had recognized your weakness to mental attacks, you might have escaped death! Pathetic!"

Lucifer's third eye glows red. A moment later, she fires something invisible at Belial.

Belial stops screaming and goes limp in Berith's grasp. 

Berith steps out of the shadows, produces a knife formed from darkness, and rears back to plunge it into Belial's heart.

"Stop!" Lucifer yells. "I've taken control of her mind! Now we can turn her against Satan!"

Berith pauses. "Oh? Have you? That was a good idea."

With a smirk, the Emperor of Backstabbing bares her teeth. "Too bad, Lucifer. Like I said, _I don't follow your orders._"

She jabs the knife forward, aiming to end the succubi's existence while she can't retaliate.

The instant before Berith finishes off Belial; all hell breaks loose.

The throne room _explodes._

Every pillar shatters. Shrapnel flies out in all directions, catching the Emperors off-guard. Bits of rock and dirt rip through them the same way they did through Belial. Berith shrieks in pain and drops the succubus. She stumbles backward, only to gasp in terror as something invisible grabs her by the hair and begins smashing her against the ceiling and floor.

Lucifer and Diablo howl in surprise, unable to comprehend what is happening. They, too, get smashed and flung around the room violently, unable to protect themselves.

"What's going- guwaaah!!"

Lucifer's question turns into an agonized scream as both of her arms snap in half, and she hurtles across the room to crash against the opposite wall. She passes out instantly and flops to the ground.

Five seconds later, the room goes still. All four Emperors lay on the ground, gasping for breath or completely unconscious.

Satan continues to lean on his fist. 

"**I don't remember giving any of you permission to kill my girl.**"

Berith wheezes. She lays on the ground, both of her arms and one of her legs broken and bent in unnatural directions. Her eyes flutter and spin around in her head as she tries to make sense of what just happened.

"Yuh-you... you... when... how...?"

Satan sighs. "The Ultimate Offense. Sorry, toots, but you never stood a chance. I recommend taking a nap now. It'll help dull the pain."

Berith falls silent. Her eyes close, and a final gasp escapes her body as she falls comatose.

Satan hovers out of his chair. He levitates across the room and picks up Belial. After splashing some water on her, he manages to bring her back to the world of the living.

"S... Satan...? What happened? Where... when...?"

Satan chuckles. "Ahh, you did good, sweetie. That last attack wiped 'em out. You okay?"

Belial cocks her head around to stare wide-eyed at the other three Emperors lying prone, the majority of their limbs snapped and twisted gruesomely.

"I... I did this?"

"Yup. Don't you remember? It was awesome."

Belial pulls herself to a sitting position and shakes her head. "No... I don't. But, if I won then... that's great!"

She flashes a radiant smile at Satan, who smiles back.

"Mhm. You sure did. Now, if you wouldn't mind healing them, I think these morons are going to die of blood loss without your help."

"I thought they were in your way. Why would you want me to heal them?"

Satan flicks his gaze to the doorway. Several imps peek inside, along with Artorias, Barbatos, and Bael. 

The Duke of Pain whistles. "Damn, girl. You kicked serious ass."

Satan sighs. "I need 'em, toots. Even if Lucy and Berith are dummies for thinking they could win, I respect their fighting spirit. Besides..."

Satan helps Belial to her feet. As the two of them stand, Satan nods at Bael.

"Demons don't kill demons. That's my unbreakable rule."

Bael and Satan stare at each other for several seconds. Eventually, Bael returns Satan's nod. "Glad to have ya back, boss."