Part 476: Respected Evolution
Part 476: Respected Evolution

Beaten and battered, what remains of the Mephisto Assassination Force metaphorically limps back to their base inside the Labyrinth Core. Blinker teleports everyone home, but they don't return to roaring applause or an excited welcome. Instead, when they arrive, the mood inside the Core is one of dull frustration and a distinct lack of satisfaction.

The demons from the various Hells don't give a damn whether or not Mephisto fell, or whether humanity's forces won or lost. Still, they do take a certain sadistic pleasure in seeing how much damage Mephisto dealt to the Wordsmith's allies before he went out with a bang. Only a blind and deaf hellhound could have missed the cataclysmic explosion that erupted throughout the Labyrinth when Mephisto self-destructed.

Aside from human's tentative ally-enemies, the friendly demons, monsters, and humans don't enjoy a good mood either. With a few hundred humans having died to Mephisto's final detonation, and only a small handful of survivors having returned alive, few could call the battle a 'victory' for the First Wordsmith's forces.

Of course, the humans who died will ultimately rebirth once as the Respected, but they will also have to live the rest of their existences knowing their free revive has already been used up.

But if the loss of the humans was only a minor setback, the tragic death of Princess Melia's retainer, Saria, was a truly painful blow. Unlike the humans, she will never again walk the cosmos, as the fairies do not have a relic comparable to the Lazarus Tower.

Following the customs of her people, Melia wraps Saria's body inside a protective layer of magic to hide her appearance, preserve her dignity, and prevent any decay. She and the rest of the survivors arrive inside the Core to deafening silence, as many people merely give them a single glance, then look away, somewhat ashamed.

Despite the painful loss, one person doesn't appear totally broken up. Blinker herself, at the least, managed to wrest back her husband's soul from the necromancer Emperor. After allowing Belial to take care of her wounds, Blinker flits away to see Phoebe and Jason, leaving the rest behind.

The others in the group stay in the core with Belial. The Emperor of Passion travels to each individual, healing their grievous wounds while leaving any brain injuries to her capable assistant, Leeroy, the Duke of Restoration.

Of all the participants in the attack, none came out in remotely as good of condition as Beelzebub himself. While others may have lost friends, loved ones, or even suffered some painful injuries, Beelzebub ended up just fine! The Emperor of Hellfire whistles an out-of-place merry tune while he sits with Kiari, watching as Belial restores her injuries.

"Glad to see you're so chipper." Belial says, glaring daggers at Beelzebub.

Having lost her god-niece to Beelzebub when he killed Daisy in his detonation, Belial will never forgive him or think better of him. Seeing any sort of smile on his face simply enrages her out of her mind... but she also knows that attacking him won't accomplish anything.

Beelzebub shrugs. "What can I say? I had fun killing Mephisto's goons. I'll let you beat me around a bit if it makes you feel better."

"I'd rather focus my energy on productive things, like helping other people." Belial snaps back. "Not that you'd ever do such a thing."

Belial finishes healing Kiari, then stands up and trots away, heading over to heal Archangel Uriel.

Kiari massages her ribs, feeling relieved that her previously broken and shattered body has finally stopped hurting. She no longer craves death over that hellish pain.

"Hey, Beelzebub. Um. Thanks for carrying me out of there." Kiari says. "I know Belial doesn't like you, but... I don't think you're so bad."

Beelzebub smirks. "That's where you're wrong. I am indeed a very bad person. She has every right to hate me."

"Nah. Mephisto's a terrible guy." Kiari retorts. "You're just confused! Or at least you were. But now you're not!"

"You're not wrong..." Beelzebub mutters, trailing off.

He and Kiari sit quietly for a few moments.

Perhaps bothered by the silence, Kiari starts yapping again.

"It's so sad what happened to Saria, don't you think? She helped keep those Death Gates at bay, but she got unlucky in the end and now she's dead."

"Some people are doomed to die." Beelzebub mutters. "Others are destined for greatness. Destined..."

Kiari turns her head to look at the Emperor of Hellfire sitting beside her.

"You okay, Beelzy?"

"Don't call me Beelzy." Beelzebub says. "Only my friends can call me that, and I think friends are annoying."

"Right, right. But are you doing okay?" Kiari repeats, pressing the issue. "You seem distant. More than usual, I suppose."

Beelzebub shoots her an annoyed look. "How would you know what my 'usual' is? We barely know each other."

"Perhaps we should change that!" Kiari chirps.

"Aren't you married?" Beelzebub shoots back.

"Oh, sure. And I'm faithful! But I wasn't talking about any weird stuff anyway. Your mind is always in the gutter."

"Yeah. The gutter." Beelzebub mutters, averting his eyes.

Kiari cocks her head. "Hey, wait a minute. You dodged my question again! Tell it to me straight! Is something wrong? You seem down in the dumps."

Beelzebub shrugs.

Then he shrugs again.

"I don't know. Probably not. Maybe. Hmm. It's just something that old man said that's been bothering me..."

"Old man? You mean Agares?" Kiari asks.

"Agares? No. He died years ago. I'm talking about Archangel Raphael." Beelzebub says. "He asked me an odd question and I can't stop thinking about it..."

"What was the question?" Kiari asks.

"He wanted to know if I was a Candidate." Beelzebub says. "Then he mentioned something about a Ruler. I believed he was just being weird, but now that I think about it, that pigeon is older than time itself. Maybe he knows something he isn't letting on..."

Kiari shrugs. "Maybe. But why would it matter, anyway? Do you have greater aspirations? Are you feeling unfulfilled?"

"Well, yes, and yes." Beelzebub affirms. "I'm an Emperor now. That should make me feel incredible, but now I instead feel like I can't grow any further. I still want to uplift demonkind... but I'm not sure how to do that. I want to do something meaningful, but I don't know _what_..."

The Emperor of Hellfire lightly tosses his hands.

"What am I even doing, blabbering to some woman? Feel free to ignore me."

Beelzebub glances at Kiari. She smiles cutely at him.

"Keep working hard, Beelzy! I'm sure you'll figure out something sooner or later. You only just evolved to Emperor, so don't rush to find meaning in your life or any of that nonsense. Why not just try helping one person at a time? Find a young demon you like and tutor them! Show them how to be awesome, like you were when you fought Yama and Zamiel!"

Beelzebub blinks. "Tutor another demon, huh... I suppose that wouldn't be a bad idea."

"Exactly! I heard you made it to to your current position thanks to Duke Agares. Have you ever heard the human expression, 'pay it forward'? If someone does something nice for you, you should do something equally nice for another random stranger. Or even two strangers! If everyone does this, the effect will double each time, and we'll quickly make the whole galaxy a better place!"

Beelzebub snorts. "If only it were that simple."

"It is!" Kiari argues. "Just try it. I bet you'll be surprised by the results."

Kiari and Beelzebub continue to talk. At the same time, some distance away, beyond the lake of demons, humans, and monsters milling about the Core, Belial finishes healing up Uriel's body, restoring the Archangel to her best condition.

Uriel flexes her previously broken arm. She and Belial stare at one another for several seconds.

"Feeling better?" Belial finally asks.

"If thou wisheth me to thank thee, thou art going to be waiting a while." Uriel says curtly.

"A thank-you would be nice, but it's not necessary." Belial says.

She pauses.

"Listen, Uriel. I know an apology is just words. It's meaningless, and it won't undo anything. But you do have every right to hate me, even after all these years. I just wanted to say... I'm sorry for my actions during the War in Heaven."

"Better late than never." Uriel grunts.

"I think about my past a lot." Belial continues. "I went my entire life without ever killing anyone. I thought that if I left people alive, but only crippled them, then my conscience could remain clean and whatever happened to them afterward wouldn't be my fault."

"And then Stormbringer arrived." Uriel says, her tone becoming one of slight amusement. "And verily, thou dids't slay ten thousand demons; thy own kin. Tsk, tsk."

"I went berserk." Belial says, nodding. "But I realized something that day. I felt exactly as bad about killing all those demons as I did when I left you for dead, or all the other times I did Satan's dirty work but never finished the job. I spent millennia lying to myself. Now I know the truth... the truth that I once denied."

Uriel crosses her arms. "Let me guess. Thou now understandeth that violence is wrong, no matter the degree?"

"Yeah." Belial nods. "But I also understand that in this universe... it's necessary. We have a Plague lurking on our galaxy's doorstep. Even if we beat it, what if another Threat comes from the void? We have to be ready to fight, and even kill, to protect ourselves."

Uriel slowly blinks her beautiful blue eyes.

"This may be the worst apology ever uttered by a sentient creature."

"Right, apology. I got sidetracked." Belial says. "I'm sorry I went along with Satan's orders and attacked you. I'm sorry you suffered, and the angels fell. I wish our species had come to a mutual understanding, rather than to blows. It is a genuine tragedy the angels no longer walk our plane."

"Ah, but we still do." Uriel says, her voice softer than before. "There is yet one angel left among the living. We Archangels stubbornly cling to the physical realm, as well. Perhaps someday our species may rebirth through the Wordsmith's magic."

She shrugs.

"Or perhaps not. 'Tis not my call to make."

Belial smiles. "I hope they do. The universe is a darker place without the angels around."

---

On Tarus II, at the Lazarus Tower.

The manager of the tower, a person instated to watch over new arrivals when Phoebe Hiro is not present or is otherwise occupied, turns out to be Ogie, the same Salamander who previously lived next door to Jason and Phoebe while Daisy was growing up.

After the Stormbringer War, Ogie and his wife, Jeera, relocated to the southern part of the city. But as good, kind-hearted and trustworthy people, Phoebe opted to put the old monster in charge of the Lazarus Tower. After all, while it might not require any maintenance, people who revive through it often return in a traumatized state, and Phoebe finds that having a warmhearted lovable old man like Ogie around helps ease the tension.

On this particular day, dozens of humans materialize one after the other, with only ten minutes between each Respected's rise. The red-scaled Salamander sits on a lightly cushioned chair before the primary rejuvenation platform, watching as billions of molecules of light draw together to reform into the figure of a naked human woman.

The woman slumps to the ground and coughs violently. Ogie gets off his chair, walks over to her, and wraps a robe around her back.

"Yeap, it does seem ta' hurt when ya come back. Cough up that phlegm, ma'am. You'll feel better in no time."

The woman glances up at the baggy-eyed old lizard and shivers.

"I... I... where am I?"

"The Lazarus Tower." Ogie says. "You're the fourteenth to come back so far. Yeap, lotsa people died to that Mephisto-feller. Do ya remember your final moments?"

The woman closes her eyes and massages her eyelids. She shakily stands up, with Ogie helping steady her balance.

"I, I was, I was shooting... shooting my gun... at that energy field... then the next thing I knew, I was on my knees here, coughing like crazy..."

"Seems a lotta people just kinda blanked out at the same time." Ogie says. "At least it was a quick death. Welcome back to th'world of th'living, ma'am."

He continues talking to her for a minute or two, then gives her a T-REX to temporarily wear to preserve her dignity, at least until she can return to her home and change into appropriate clothes.

After the soldier leaves, Ogie sits back down.

A minute or two slowly pass...

Then, molecules of light begin to form once more.

The figure of a tall, dark-skinned man appears. He falls forward and collapses to his knees, but only a moment later, stands up, looking extremely confused.

"Huh? The hell- where am I?"

"Lazarus Tower." Ogie says, getting off his chair. "You done-did bite the dust, young man. Ah, you must be that Samuel-feller. I was told to keep an eye out for ya."

Ogie hands a robe to the naked man, which Samuel accepts. Unlike the woman before him, Samuel doesn't appear as confused, but instead quickly accepts what happened.

"That god-damned Mephisto." Samuel growls, as he starts to put his robe on. "He couldn't just die, NO, he had to fuck us over with one last- huh?"

Samuel's robe meets an obstruction as he tries to wrap it around his back. He cranes his neck around, only to see that the robe has snagged on something stuck to his back.

"The heck? Am I wearing a backpack or something? What is my robe stuck on?"

Ogie raises his wizened old eyebrow. "Eh? Whaddya mean, feller? Don't ya know about those cute butterfly wings on yer back?"

"Cute BUTTERFLY wings?!" Samuels gasps. He quickly pulls the robe off, then cranes his head like crazy to try and get a better look. "What the FUCK?! I don't even have my Power Glove on! How in damnation do I still have fairy wings?!"

"You mean you ain't a fairy?" Ogie asks, only to pause and scratch his head. "Oh, right. Phoebe said only humans could come back. Maybe you're half a fairy, then? The kids these days, they're all so carefree..."

"I am NOT a fairy." Samuel grouches. "I'll have to see Phoebe about this. Can you hand me that knife over there?"

He gestures to a long-bladed carving knife on a nearby table, one Ogie uses to whittle wood when he's bored. The old Salamander nods, then waddles over, picks up the implement, and hands it to Samuel.

Samuel cuts two large slits in the back of the robe. Then he forces his large wings through the slits and fully dons his robe.

After tying it off, Samuel's expression doesn't improve much.

"Ridiculous. How did that even happen? Never mind. Thanks for the help, Ogie."

"No problem." Ogie says, giving Samuel a thumbs up. "Mister Neil said he wanted to talk to ya. Make sure you drop by after you've cleaned yourself up, alright now?"

"Roger that." Samuel replies.

After Ogie hands Samuel a goodbye T-REX, the Lieutenant marches out of the Lazarus Tower, where he finds a woman waiting for him.

"Lieutenant!" Private Ashley says, as she walks up to him. "How are you feeling? I heard what happened..."

"Were you there when Mephisto blew his stack?" Samuel asks, as he falls into step beside his subordinate. "No, that's right... you got knocked out and Blinker sent you back to the Core."

"Yeah..." Ashley says, as she pauses to glance at Samuel's back. "What's with the wings? You don't even have a Power Glove on."

"I have no idea." Samuel says. "I revived, and they were already there! Maybe Hope or Jason can turn me back to normal."

"Have you... become a fairy... for real?" Ashley asks. "Can you cast fairy magic?"

"No idea. Haven't tried." Samuel says, while raising his hand. "I could just-"

Samuel starts to make a motion with his hand. Abruptly, a blast of telekinetic energy fires forward and explodes against a rock.

**BOOOM!!**

The rock detonates like a bomb, blasting rock-shrapnel everywhere! Startled, Ashley and Samuel nearly jump out of their skin!

Several people scream in alarm. A child begins to cry as he falls over, badly injured. Ashley rushes to his side while activating her T-REX. She conjures an emergency medical nanite injector and presses it against the child's neck while hastily yanking out several rock shards embedded in his chest.

"Holy shit..." Samuel gasps, frightened out of his wits. He hurries to help an older man who fell and his his head, while at the same time feeling more than a little spooked. "How the hell... how did my magic become so strong? I barely even did anything... hold on, sir! Stay with me!"

Samuel blinks his eyes to clear away his dazed expression. He quickly performs CPR on the man, reviving him, while nearby soldiers arrive on scene with medical supplies, having been alerted by Tarus II's automated defenses.

"Lieutenant, glad to see you back on your feet, sir." One of the newcomer soldiers says, kneeling beside Samuel. "What happened here? Did an enemy attack?"

The soldier takes the injured civilian off Samuel's hands.

"No," Samuel explains. "It was me. I accidentally... well, I fired fairy magic from my hands. I've somehow revived as one, and... sorry. I didn't realize this would happen."

"You'd better report to Commander Neil." The soldier says with a brusque nod. "And watch your magic! You could have killed someone!"

"Yeah, damn. We got lucky." Samuel says, grimacing.

He exchanges a few words with Ashley, then takes off, heading over to see his commanding officer.

As he walks, Samuel's wings flap reflexively, and he takes to the skies. He begins racing through the air at a speed higher than he's ever managed before, making him marvel at how much more potent his fairy magic has become.

_Did resurrecting as a Respected change something with my powers?_ He wonders. _I need to get to the bottom of this!_