The Duke of Pain and I, the Emperor of Annihilation, wait patiently for Mephisto's return. The Duke of Mist left not long ago on a mission to visit the Oracles, beings who possess the means to see all corners of the Labyrinth at once. Bael and I sit at a section of the Labyrinth not far from the River Styx while we await Mephisto's return.

"Come on, Mephisto... come on..." Bael paces back and forth, a look of annoyance etched into his face. Most of the light surrounding us comes from glowstones embedded in the walls. Every so often, Bael's bare arm scrapes against the rocky wall, chipping some of it away. It will regenerate, though. The Labyrinth always heals its wounds.

Satan, the original First Emperor, was the greatest of our species. He formed the Labyrinth as a place to protect demons from humans and angels. Our home, isolated in a pocket dimension, grows as time passes. It leeches minuscule amounts of spiritual energy from all its residents and continually expands its borders. These days, the Labyrinth's size increases so slowly that it's scarcely noticeable. However, long ago, the Labyrinth was an exploding fortress of intricate hallways that confused any who dared to invade it.

Satan was one of my best friends. Together, he and I fought long and hard against not only the angels, but the humans as well.

I miss him.

"COME ON!" Bael punches a wall, sending a wave of pressure flowing throughout the hallway. "Gah! Deebs, it's been weeks! When's that fucking ghost gonna get off his ass and come back! Why I oughta..."

"Calm yourself, Bael," I reply. "Mephisto barely left a day ago. You need a better sense of time. And patience."

The Duke of Pain glowers at me. "I wanna tear that skinny broad apart. How can you be all calm and shit after what she did to Barbatos?! She's gettin' stronger by the second!"

I raise an eyebrow. "Oh? Are you scared? I thought you liked it when women fought back."

Bael rolls his eyes. "You know what I meant." He pauses. "Ehh, come to think of it, maybe you're right. Waitin' around sucks, though. Ain't nothin' happening. We could at least go to the torture pits or the Slaughterseum!"

I curl my lip up in disgust. "That's _your_ fetish, not mine. Mephisto should be back soon. Umi will know where the Black Queen is."

Bael stands up straight, and his horns scrape the ceiling. He crosses his arms and starts pacing back and forth. "Umi, Umi, Umi. How do we know these Oracles are any good? What makes Umi so special?"

"You don't know? I thought I told you about her before."

Bael shrugs and etches a circle into the stone with his finger. "Ehh, you prolly did."

"And you forgot?"

"Maybe."

_He did,_ I sigh internally. A yawn takes me for a moment as I stretch and bump the ceiling with my arms. _This damned hallway is too narrow. Maybe Bael has a point. I'd like to relax somewhere rather than stand around waiting._

"Umi is our best Oracle. Her predictions have never failed, and her findings are accurate. Marie assured me of that much."

"Marie? You mean that redheaded bitch?"

"Yes. _The redheaded... bitch._" My tone frosts over noticeably. I'm not a demon that regards females as inferiors, partially because Belial has flattened me out a few times. Bael, however, isn't sophisticated enough to treat the female demons, let alone humans, with any dignity.

Bael ignores my annoyance. "Big whoopee fuckin' deal. Oh wow, she has an Oracle of her own. We should kill her and use our Oracles instead. You can't trust a human, as they say."

"We can't kill her, even if I wanted to... which I don't. First Emperor's orders."

Bael's attitude worsens. "Oh, sure! The First Emperor! Who does he think he is, anyway?! Some upstart who won't even show his face! That's who he is! He's too scared to come out and reveal himself!"

"Bael. You'd do well to calm yourself." My frosty tone turns to ice. "The Overlords are terrified of the First Emperor. That's enough evidence of his power for me. Any more insubordination, and I'll break your jaw. The last thing I want are rumors floating around that we aren't pleased with his performance. As long as the Overlords aren't increasing their demands-"

I pause suddenly and look down the hallway. "Who's there?"

Bael, confused, turns to follow my gaze. Moments pass with no response. "You going crazy? Ain't nobody-"

"I can sense energy down that hall. Demonic."

From the darkness, someone coughs. A flame ignites, and I immediately recognize Beelzebub's face as he winces and clutches his side. He squints at us. "Ah... Emperor Diablo? Duke of Pain? I'm relieved to see you."

Beelzebub walks toward us with a look of distress etched into his face. His suit, usually in excellent condition, is torn to ribbons. It hangs off his body in strips, barely concealing his demonhood.

Bael snorts. "The fuck happened to you?"

I raise my hand. "Silence, Bael. I'll ask the questions. Beelzebub, where have you been? I sent you to fetch an Oracle. Last time I saw you, you were naked, yet now you wear half a suit."

Beelzebub nods. "I traveled with Rosalia... kah..." He coughs and slows to a stop in front of me. "Out of nowhere, a hundred humans attacked us. I told her to flee, and I took out the wretched filth myself. During the battle, I captured one of them and forced him to tell me where they were from. He said they were a commando force from the Core."

"The Core?" I rub my chin thoughtfully. "I've heard rumors. Nobody can approach it due to a powerful weapon protecting the Great Doors."

Beelzebub nods. "The human commandos were heavily armed. They had armaments I'd never seen before... like something from the Energy Wars."

Bael smirks. "How would you know about weapons from those ancient times? You're still a whelp."

Beelzebub scowls at Bael. "My mentor taught me a great many things. I listen and learn, unlike you."

"Hey!" Bael starts to clench a fist, but I stop him.

"Easy, Bael. You deserve that." Turning back to Beelzebub, I ask, "What happened next?"

"They had four automated turrets guarding the entrance. I blasted them apart, then smashed the Great Doors off their hinges. Assaulting the Core and wiping out the majority of their reserves was a simple task for one as powerful as I. Even their Energy War weaponry wasn't enough to slow me down."

Bael leans against the wall. "Not bad. A whole bunch of Lords went there a few months back and got torn apart. Only a few survived."

"Yes, Bael is right," I add. "Still, if you had such an easy time, then... why are you so disheveled?"

Beelzebub lowers his gaze. "As I said... everything was going perfectly according to plan. However, out of nowhere, a demon appeared. He assumed my form, copying my looks exactly, and defeated me swiftly. It all happened so fast... I don't know his identity, but he warned me that the Core would be under his protection."

"A shapeshifter?" I stare incredulously at Bael. "And a high-ranking one by the sounds of it. Only a few individuals come to mind."

"You know damn well who it was!" Bael replies, a snarl in his voice. He slams his fist into the wall. "That floozy skank whore! Belial! I knew she'd join the humans! She has no loyalty to our kind!"

"Now, now..." I quickly move to calm Bael down. He's a handful when he gets pissed. "You don't know it was Belial. Even for her, this is stooping a bit low."

Beelzebub rubs his chest and stands up a little straighter. "We're fortunate I entered the Core. Now we know the humans are planning to fight back. If that copycat was Belial, then they have a powerful ally working alongside them."

I nod appreciatively and pat the Lord of Fire on his shoulder. "You did well to bring me this news, Beelzebub. You should go and rest in the Blood Pits. I will have Mephisto deliver a message for Hellga when you arrive, so she knows I'm authorizing your treatment. Entering the lair of the enemy alone is quite remarkable."

"Did sssomeone sssay my name?" 

Mephisto's voice hisses from the wall. A moment later, he appears, popping out and floating toward us. "I have ssspoken to the Oraclesss. Asss usssual, Umi hasss provided me with the location of the portal."

"Excellent. Mephisto, you'll need to bring your A-game. I want all of your undead legions there. We'll take no chances against the Black Queen. I've just learned from Beelzebub that Belial won't assist us in this battle."

Mephisto's red eyes jerk to Beelzebub. "At leassst you're wearing more clothesss than lassst time."

"Shut up," Beelzebub replies, glaring at the Duke of Mist. He turns to me. "Diablo. I ask that you allow me to join you. I wish to fight the Black Queen."

Bael smirks. "You did well, little Lord. But taking out a bunch of humans and monsters ain't like fightin' the Black Queen. It ain't a battle for weaklings to get swept up in, not unless you like dying."

Beelzebub bristles. "Weakling? That word no longer describes me. I am a Baron now, on par with President Ose. I have evolved."

It takes me a moment to hide my surprise. Looking up, I notice Beelzebub's horns are slightly bigger than the last time I saw him. "You evolved? When? How? I never authorized you to receive souls from Styx."

Beelzebub chuckles for several moments. "Heh heh heh... You're not dealing with the average demon warrior anymore, Diablo. I've risen beyond the limits of a normal demon. I possess Soulfire, a secret power belonging only to the most legendary purebloods. I used it to reap the souls of humans and monsters as I slew them, and achieved the rank of Baron in a matter of seconds."

Bael and I share another moment as we eyeball each other. He speaks first. "You're too dramatic, kid, but I'm still impressed. Only a few purebloods I've known could summon it. They're all dead, now."

I smile politely at the young demon. _Beelzebub is cocky; overconfident. Then again, maybe he deserves to be. Something about him reminds me of Satan. It might be his attitude, his willingness to take risks for the good of demonkind. Charging into the enemy base to gather intel may have been foolhardy, but damn if I'm not impressed._

_It would be a shame if we lost him._

"Beelzebub. You're in no condition to fight. If you want to come along, we'll have our hands full battling the Black Queen. We can't protect you."

Beelzebub nods and straightens up. He stops holding his gut, and inhales. "I know. She murdered my mentor. I owe her fire and retribution in response. Besides... I can handle myself."

With that little speech, Beelzebub grabs his left arm's bicep with his right hand, grunts, and tears the limb off without blinking. His shoulder stump erupts into a fountain of blood.

Bael takes a step back. "W-what the hell?! You're crazy! What are you doing, idiot?!"

Beelzebub's expression darkens. Flames erupt from his stump. "I am the Baron of Flames. Born of the primordial inferno, I have unlocked the power of the Phoenix. My strength will only increase as time passes."

Slowly, I inhale.

_Seven Devils. It's... it's just like Satan. I can't believe what I'm seeing._

Several moments pass. Beelzebub's stump seals up, and bone and skin begin rapidly expanding from it, forming a new arm.

I stare at his regenerated limb. _How many demons have I seen with such an incredible regenerative ability? Too few... not nearly enough. The Archangels wiped them all out. But... without the Archangels around, he might become an invincible warrior._ 

"Very well. You may follow. I look forward to seeing your performance on the battlefield. Don't die, Beelzebub. Someday, you may end up standing where I am now."

Beelzebub smiles. "I will reach even higher."

Mephisto glares at Beelzebub's back. "Tch. We'll sssee about that."