Part 384: Cassiel's Road to Recovery
Part 384: Cassiel's Road to Recovery

The VLL Hatoraxia draws ever closer to Volgarius, but back on Tarus II, plenty of events continue to play out, even with neither of the Wordsmiths around.

Despite the two Heroes disappearing, everyone believes Hope is inside the Labyrinth, hunting down Mephisto to slaughter him. Nobody doubts Hope's hatred of demons, to the point that even with a treaty signed, most Emperors simply aren't sure if it will bind the Wordsmith's clone. The more they interact with the humans, the more they begin to pick up on the signs there is quite a rift in human opinion. Clearly, many fleshbags are barely containing their eagerness to resume the war and rip down these Emperors from their golden thrones. If Jason weren't firmly in control of human society, would there be anyone to reign Hope and Neil in?

At the same time, a rift appears in demon society too. But rather than a split between their leaders, it tears across the divide between the mightiest Emperors and all of their subordinates at or below the Duke-level.

Most Emperors easily recognize the Wordsmith's intent with the Belial Booster and his other special facilities on Tarus II. In secret, they have their best sages, their Dukes, their formation masters, and other types look into replicating these incredible works of magic. However, all of their efforts fail. The Wordsmith's unique magic is simply too versatile, too reality-defying. They cannot rip him off and make their own versions, not even grossly inferior ones.

Perhaps, if Ose were still alive, she might be capable of replicating this feat, given her unique understanding of human technology and demonic magic. Sadly, with her gone, the rest of the demons are woefully ignorant.

At the same time, the lower-class demons also realize something isn't quite right with humanity's arrangements, and that they are clearly benefitting much more from the Merit Token system. Sadly, most low-ranking demons are uneducated simpletons who know nothing of economic theory or other systems of that sort. They merely shrug their shoulders and continue with their lives, blissfully unaware of how the disparity between humanity and demonkind's strength lessens by the day.

Just over three weeks after signing the pact with demonkind, one of humanity's allied demons evolves to the rank of Emperor!

Through her diligent efforts, Kiari becomes the Emperor of Pestilence, a monstrous genius capable of controlling insects across entire planets, whipping them into frenzies. Not only that, but her ability to empower insects and enlarge them gives them additional practical roles as beasts of burdens, hideous though they be.

Despite her title, her abilities involve anything but pestilence! Kiari summons massive numbers of insects to fertilize fresh farmland soil, endearing her to the farmers living on the Fortress of Retribution's outskirts. Her insects become even stronger and smarter after her evolution, allowing them to directly construct buildings by themselves. Thanks to her upgrade, humanity obtains a loyal and powerful Emperor-level powerhouse on par with Belial, and their construction speed bursts into the stratosphere!

Phoebe jumps up from her chair giddily when one of her subordinates hands her a report, just two days after Kiari's evolution.

"Incredible! Amazing!" Phoebe gasps. "I can't believe it! A threefold speed increase?! We constructed just 176 apartment complexes three days ago, but today we've constructed more than 600! We'll be able to bump up the timeline for the Lazarus Convention considerably! Perhaps by the time Jason returns, we'll have already brought back every last recovered Stormbringer soul!"

Phoebe stands alongside a few other people, namely Neil Adams, Blinker in her human-sized form, and Linda Hurent.

Linda smiles, infected by Phoebe's enthusiasm. "I've started handing out Power Gloves to our personnel. Early tests show a lot of promise. Not only will we be able to bring back our families sooner than expected, but we'll also be able to give them an effective means of defending themselves."

"It's too bad." Neil says, a hint of darkness in his eyes. "We can bring back many people, but Mephisto consumed a million souls to reach the rank of Emperor, and he's not alone. We've permanently lost good men and women. Children, too."

Phoebe's excitement deflates upon hearing Neil's words. "...This again? I can't stand it either, Neil, but constantly bringing it up won't change the past."

"Perhaps not." Neil says, biting his words off. "But at least I stand for principles. I'm not gleefully rewarding those who murdered our species with power-ups and strength boosts."

"We are by FAR receiving the lion's share of the benefits-" Phoebe starts to say, before Neil cuts in again.

"That doesn't matter!" Neil interrupts. "When you have two children and one misbehaves, you don't break off a fifth of a candy bar and give it to the little brat while the good sibling gets the rest. You discipline them and give the whole candy bar to the good one! You must reward the virtuous and punish the deviant. Jason had a chance to make a strong stand. He should have executed all of demonkind's leaders right there on the spot. Do you really think we need their help? We already have Belial. She could raise our own homegrown Emperors without the help of the other murderous bastards."

Blinker snorts. "Oh, so _now_ you call her by name, Neil."

"I don't like Belial. I don't like _any_ demons." Neil says. "But there are certainly degrees of evil. Belial is the more benign of the options. She's on our side... for now. These other Emperors are looking to pounce upon us the moment they sense a hint of weakness."

Phoebe rolls her eyes. "You're preaching to the choir, Neil. We've heard your arguments a hundred times. I even agree with most of them. But we have the Cube, and we have two Wordsmiths. Right now, the demons are not even remotely a threat, not compared to the Volgrim and Kolvaxians. You have to stop riling up past rage and focus on the future."

Neil tosses his hand up. "The hell I do! My 'past rage' comes from hardly over a month ago! You can act as if a genocide didn't just happen and isn't looming over our heads every day, but the only person you're fooling is yourself!"

With that, Neil spins on his heel and storms away, leaving the three women looking annoyed, embarrassed, or even contrite.

Phoebe, Blinker, and Linda all massage their temples in unison, unsure of what to say.

"...I don't know how to handle that man." Phoebe grunts. "How many times do I have to tell Neil? I agree with him! But we still have to be better than the demons."

"I don't know..." Linda murmurs. "Jason seems to think so. But I have to admit... I wouldn't mind putting a gauss round between the eyes of every enemy Emperor."

Blinker shrugs. "I have a lot of friends among you humans, but ultimately, I'm a fairy. The demons may have gotten a little... _rapey_... with us fairies in the past, but they mostly keep their paws to themselves. I just REALLY want Mephisto to end up in a blender!"

"Well, let's pray Hope can sort that out." Phoebe says, weakly smiling. "I don't think any of us wants anything less than Mephisto's bones crushed into powder. His days are numbered."

Linda's expression becomes downcast.

"One of my friends, she found out her daughter wasn't listed in the Lazarus Tower's Soul Registry. We suspect... Mephisto might have... consumed her."

Linda pauses for half a beat.

"She was only four years old."

Phoebe's expression turns ashen. So does Blinker's.

"Too young." Phoebe mutters. "Too awful."

"Phoebe," Blinker says, hesitantly. "Is there, like... is there some way we can... extract the souls from demons? Maybe they're still inside them? Maybe we can just... pull them out?"

Phoebe's heart skips a beat. After a brief pause, her spark of excitement dies.

"I don't think so. Jason might have a way. I'll ask the next time I talk to him. But... don't get your hopes up."

Blinker glances in the direction of the Warpgate.

"My 'hopes' are always up... that Mephisto will suffer terribly."

---

_On the eastern side of the Fortress of Retribution._

Cassiel stands at the doorway leading outside the Archangel's Church. In her hands, she clutches a simple necklace, one with a cross-shaped locket attached to its center.

This locket, created for Cassiel and a group of other angels during the Energy Wars, is a special camouflaging artifact capable of hiding her true appearance. Known as the Heaven's Shroud, there once existed around five hundred of them, casually created en-masse by the Archangel of Divination. However, with Earth's destruction having happened long ago, perhaps only the one in Cassiel's hand remains.

She flips the locket around, noting the name inscribed on its backside.

_Margaret._

This is not Cassiel's locket, but one that belonged to one of her sisters, someone who died long ago. As for where Cassiel's specific locket has gone, not even she knows. But it does not matter, since they all have the same effect.

While the Lazarite hesitates at the door, a figure approaches her from behind. Soleil, Cassiel's dedicated protector, walks up to her side and stands idly, glancing at the locket in Cassiel's hand.

"Are you going to use it, Cass?" Soleil asks.

Unlike Arthur, Soleil is a much friendlier and more talkative construct. She has a higher degree of intelligence, and is considered by Jason to be as much a protector of the last living angel as she is a therapist, someone capable of helping Cassiel break free of her mental shackles.

Cassiel's lower lip trembles.

"I... I don't... know..."

While Cassiel might not talk to most people, Soleil is the exception. Having had Soleil at her side since her rescue, Cassiel has grown comfortable enough to whisper words infrequently to her angel-like friend. She recognizes that Soleil is not a genuine angel, but even so, her kind and calm disposition allows Cassiel to feel noticeably more at ease than even around the other Archangels.

After all, Michael is a cold and callous man, while Raphael is a bit too lofty. Gabriel is pleasant enough, but he's also huge and intimidating, while Uriel's bloodthirsty aura always makes Cassiel feel anxious.

Only Soleil can bridge the gap in her heart.

Cassiel holds the Heaven's Shroud loosely, deeply desiring to put it on. She continually lifts it toward her neck, but pauses and lowers it once again, frozen as much by her fear as her indecision.

Finally, Cassiel turns away from the door. Tears threaten to well up in her eyes, as she chokes on her breath.

"I'm... I'm not... I can't do it..."

"You can!" Soleil chirps, gently resting her hand on Cassiel's shoulder. "You don't have to rush, though. You're stronger than you think. That's what Raphael says!"

The Archangels also know that Soleil is not a genuine angel. Even so, Soleil is such a bright spirit that they can't help but find her intriguing. With only one angel truly still among the living, and all the Archangels nothing more than remnant souls inside of constructed or stolen bodies, they quietly take time to pass their knowledge and heritages on to Soleil.

As a Black Hole Construct, Soleil's body is insanely powerful. With physical strength capable of crushing any Baron, and even some Demon Emperors, she is no pushover by any means. Each day, she practices with her holy magic, becoming more adept in its use. Even Uriel marvels at her versatility.

Additionally, Soleil's thinking speed and brain capacity are thousands of times greater than any human. She absorbs knowledge like a sponge, instantly memorizing any information Raphael feeds her. He tells her about the past of his people, the details of the Ancient Era, and even pertinent information regarding the Primordial Era and the Dragon and Titan Wars.

However, all of this knowledge is superfluous. Nothing Soleil learns can compare to her primary objective of rehabilitating and protecting Cassiel. All other interests come second.

Cassiel walks away from the church's doors. The further she draws away, the better her expression becomes. The thought of walking out in the open terrifies her to the point of almost suffering a panic attack.

She takes a seat in one of the church's pews. While the church might not allow any human guests, it's still fairly traditional-looking on the bottom floor, where Cassiel lives. Should she ever allow the common folk inside, humanity will be able to pour out their hearts to the angels, seeking their favor and guidance.

For now, though, there are merely three sets of ten pews, and she takes a seat in the one closest to the door.

Cassiel hangs her head gloomily. The church's all-but-silent interior feels ominous to her on this particular day. The oppressive quiet looms over her head, like a specter in the darkness.

"Soleil..." Cassiel whispers. "Play a song."

Soleil obediently nods. She walks over to the church's pipe organ, sits down, and begins running her fingers across the keys with perfect, robotic precision.

Within moments, a beautiful melody begins to fill the air, calming Cassiel's heart. She closes her eyes and sways back and forth to the music, as if hypnotized by Soleil's melody.

Minutes pass. An hour. Cassiel opens her eyes at one point, stands up, and walks over to Soleil, sitting on the bench beside her.

Immediately, Soleil stops playing and slides over, leaving room for the Lazarite. She retracts her hands, allowing Cassiel to take over.

It's quiet times like these when Cassiel feels a rare moment of peace in her heart. For countless millennia, she has suffered torment unlike anything a single other living entity can imagine.

Hounded, assaulted, stabbed, cut, and pierced a seemingly infinite number of times, she has lost count of the instances in recent memory where agonizing flashbacks tore across her thoughts, giving her unbearable day-terrors.

Even if Gressil were here, he might not be able to torture Cassiel as effectively as her own mind does...

In this rare moment of solace, Cassiel hums along to the song her fingers play, feeling a peace settle within her bones.

She continues for a while, but ultimately, the moment passes. She stops playing, and stares at the organ despondently, all those dark emotions welling up again.

Soleil glances at her.

"They will be happy to see you, you know." Soleil says. "Put on that locket, and you'll blend into the crowd."

Cassiel glances down at her lap, where she previously set the Heaven's Shroud. She picks it up and stares at the name on the back, her emotions darkening even further.

"Margaret... I couldn't protect her."

"I couldn't protect... any of them."

"I'm useless."

Soleil listens quietly. Cassiel criticizes herself harshly. Every minor fault in her life, every moment of weakness becomes amplified a hundredfold, turning her from a mildly flawed individual into a hopelessly useless imbecile who never accomplished anything.

"Raphael has told me about your accomplishments." Soleil says, softly. "You killed two Demon Emperors. No other Lazarite ever came close to your feats. Even so, you weren't invincible, so you can't blame yourself for what happened."

"Maybe not." Cassiel whispers. "But I do."

Soleil reaches her arm across Cassiel's back. She hugs her softly, providing physical comfort.

Cassiel's eyes drift back to the church doorway. She stares at the doors, yearning to step outside with all of her being.

"You fear other people." Soleil says. "You're afraid they'll hurt you. But, you also know they won't."

"It's irrational..." Cassiel says. "The humans are good people."

"You're a human too." Soleil points out. "You're just in an angel body. But even so, humans are your people."

"I know." Cassiel says. "I know..."

Soleil smiles. She reaches out and takes the locket from Cassiel's hand, who allows her to do so without any resistance.

"Why don't we take this one step at a time?" Soleil chirps. "Let's start by simply putting the locket on."

Cassiel tenses up, but after a moment, she nods.

"Oh... okay..."

Soleil stands up and steps behind Cassiel. She traces the Lazarite's fair, beautiful white neck, then pulls aside her long white hair. She carefully wraps the necklace's chain around and behind her head, clicking its rear together with ease.

Nothing happens, and Cassiel merely touches the cross affixed over her chest.

"I... still have to activate it..." Cassiel whispers.

"Mhm. It's very pretty on you!" Soleil says.

Cassiel's expression turns wan at the mention of her beauty.

Anytime someone mentions the Lazarite's physical appearance, Gressil's voice rings in her head. She hears his words, repeated countless times over the millennia.

_You're beautiful. You're a slut. Your body is too perfect..._

His grating voice echoes in the room, making her shiver. Indeed, she is beautiful, but the thought of looking good to anyone now triggers a flight response, making her want to run and hide in a dark corner.

Sensing the change in Cassiel's body language, Soleil takes a step back.

"Sorry, Cass. I shouldn't have said-"

"It's not your fault." Cassiel says, lowering her head. "It's... it's his. It's _his._"

Cassiel traces the locket with her fingers. For several minutes, she gazes at the mirror behind the panel, where only her head and shoulders appear visible. The silver-colored cross appears quite shiny against her pale skin, and somehow, her angelic aura amplifies its splendor, making it appear an object untainted by the filth of the world.

The Last Lazarite bites her lip. She closes her eyes, then presses her entire hand against the front of the locket.

A feeling of weakness momentarily seizes her body, almost making her fall backward off the organ bench, but Soleil catches her. The Heaven's Shroud pulls from her holy energy to forcibly alter her appearance, making her wings completely transparent, hiding the halo above her head, and completely suppressing the field of holy energy surrounding her body.

After a few moments, Cassiel's weakness disappears. The Heaven's Shroud finishes its work, and she opens her eyes.

Slowly, the Lazarite stands up, gazing at herself in the mirror. Where before, a gorgeous white-haired goddess stood, now, a simple and homely woman with brown hair remains. Remembering those long, distant, ancient memories of her childhood, Cassiel struggles to remember her appearance as a young girl. However, without a doubt, if she had never died, she would likely have appeared like this when she reached her twenties or thirties.

Her wings remain attached to her back, allowing her to fly, and if someone were to try and touch them, they'd certainly be able to do so, but now they appear completely invisible, to the point no matter how hard someone tries to squint, they could not perceive them.

Of course, if Cassiel wishes, she can activate the Heaven's Shroud a second time, elevating its abilities to the next level. At that point, her wings would recede into her body, and her appearance would become even more ordinary, preventing anyone from telling she is a Lazarite even if they tried to feel for her wings.

But she doesn't do that, at least not for the moment. She merely gazes into the mirror, pressing her fingers against her face. She touches her face in the mirror, as if unsure if the person she's looking at is really her, or perhaps someone else.

At the same time, Soleil smiles.

"I like this version of you, too. Every flavor of Cass is my favorite!"

Soleil closes her eyes. With a brief bit of concentration, her appearance shifts. She adopts the appearance of a completely average-looking black-haired human woman, a transformation Jason included in her design, should she need to travel incognito. Many people already know of her angelic appearance, but only the Wordsmith himself and Cassiel know what Soleil looks like in her human form.

Soleil beams a radiant smile at Cassiel's reflection in the mirror.

"See? Isn't this fun? If we go outside, nobody will be able to tell who we are! Don't you want to go out and see all the people? It's so boring in here, where you're all cooped up..."

Cassiel's eyes inadvertently turn to the church doors.

"I... I do want..."

Soleil takes Cassiel's hand in hers. She slowly pulls the Lazarite toward the doors, while keeping an eye on her face.

"There's nothing to fear, Cass. I'm with you. You're safe with me, no matter what!"

Cassiel nods. As the doors loom closer, her heart begins to pound like a frightened rabbit stomping the dirt.

But even so, it doesn't beat _quite_ as hard as it did just a while earlier.

Soleil reaches out her free hand and places it on the door.

"If you can't do it, should I?"

A minute passes, while Cassiel stands frozen on the spot.

Ultimately, she shakes her head.

"No. I... I have to be strong."

She no longer hesitates.

The brown-haired woman steps forward and pushes the doors open, flinging them outward, so that she can take her first real steps to recovery.

Her story... has finally begun.