Part 260: Battlefield Interference
Part 260: Battlefield Interference

_Tarus II, the Northern Front._

The Felorians stave off waves of demons, using the power of Chi to enhance their bodies. Brunhilda, their leader, becomes a Valkyrie of death among the attacking demonic forces. She wields a hundred-pound exosteel halberd as if it were a weightless stick, cleaving the heads of demons and smashing the bones of skeletons with reckless abandon. The butt of her spear becomes a blunted weapon, while its bladed head proves more than capable of ripping through flesh and bone.

Ten Burners rush at Hilda, identifying her as the Felorians' leader. Through a stroke of luck, they manage to isolate her for a few moments while bombarding her with fireballs and scorching flames. Brunhilda counters by sweeping her halberd in a wide arc while infusing Chi into its shaft. Magical energy fires out in a wave, blasting away the hellfire before it can so much as graze her skin. 

The Burners don't suffer any injuries from their own flames, but the unexpected shockwave of Chi knocks them off their feet and flings them backward. Before they can react, Brunhilda rushes forward and lops off their heads, moving at close to the speed of a cheetah.

"Hold the line!" Brunhilda shouts, using Chi to project her voice in a wide radius. "Do not let the demons through!"

She barks several orders, directing the Felorians left and right to surround the demons in a pincer attack, while a wide array of monster-troopers wearing T-REX's fire off volleys of bullets down the center line. Unable to flee this combined attack, hundreds of demons and Mephisto's undead end up mowed down by the hail of bullets.

"You won't last forever!" A random Scyther demon shrieks, as it swings its bladed arm toward a Felorian, lopping off the woman's arm. She screams in pain and falls to the ground, while the demon cackles evilly. "We'll overwhelm you eventually, filthy fleshbags!"

Brunhilda's eyes widen. "Sister Sariah! No!"

She starts to run toward her sister, but her heart leaps into her throat as the Scyther swings its sword down. With two hundred feet separating Brunhilda and her Felorian sister, she can't possibly reach Sariah in time.

At that moment, a barrier of light envelops Sariah. The Scyther's blade-arm bounces off it like a rubber ball against a wall, making the demon lose its footing. Before it can react to the unexpected force-field, Brunhilda closes the gap.

_Swish!_

Her halberd swings instantly, decapitating the little bastard. Brunhilda turns aside and reaches toward her sister, passing through the barrier with surprising ease. 

"Hm? Sariah! Are you alright? What happened, just now? How did you create that shield of light?"

The other Felorian clutches her severed arm with gritted teeth. "Ahh, sss! It wasn't me... I don't... I don't know who did it. I've never heard of such a technique bef- what?!"

Brunhilda and Sariah, both surrounded by chaos in every direction, freeze and gawk as Sariah's missing arm rapidly regenerates. Within seconds, a brand new limb appears, taking the place of the old one.

"What... what happened?" Brunhilda asks, her eyes as wide as dinner plates. "How did you do that?"

"Me? I did nothing!" Sariah says, glancing around. She smiles and shrugs, wondering what could have regrown her arm in such a short time. "Perhaps 'twas the Wind Mother's doing. She watches over us!"

Brunhilda nods. "Mmm, yes, sister. I believe you may be right. Now, come! Give no quarter to these damned bloodskins!"

"Right!"

Brunhilda and Sariah jump back into the fray, returning to the bloody war engulfing them from all sides. Any thoughts they might have regarding what happened to Sariah's arm fade away, replaced instead with faith in the 'Wind Mother.'

...

_Meanwhile, at the Western Front._

Yamir, the head cook for the Hiro household, stomps around inside a standard-issue battle exosuit. However, due to his Minotaur body, his combat level outstrips that of the humans who don Rhinos and Thundercats. The default T-REX amplifies his strength, speed, and durability by a factor of ten, turning the noble Ironhorn into a force of destruction.

The bull-headed monster stomps around slowly but efficiently, using his human torso to wield a gigantic half-ton greathammer. He picks out the strongest enemies and leaves the small-fry to his allies. Most notably, he aims for Brutes; the biggest, baddest Demon grunts. Ten foot walls of fat and muscle, each one capable of smashing their way through concrete barricades and crushing exosuit-wearing troopers with their meaty fists.

One such Brute, a big fellow with dark, crimson skin, grins evilly as he spots the exosuit-wearing minotaur charging at him.

"Hah! Traitor monster! Ugly Minoturd! You big loser, stupid fleshbag-lover! Die like dog!"

The monster's lack of eloquence doesn't faze Yamir. The 'simple chef' grins inside his helmet, a move the Brute can't see. "Silly knave! How dare you tread upon my liege's lands with your sullen feet! The Hero will punish all of you! But sadly, you won't live long enough for His Majesty to stain his hands with your blood!"

The hoof-footed Minotaur bellows a vicious warcry as he engages in battle with the Brute. His greathammer crashes against the Brute's fists and body, both of them knocking one another around like pinballs.

Blow after blow, Yamir gives no ground against his hulking opponent. Despite standing a foot shorter than the Brute, the Minotaur simply laughs off his enemy's punches, even when they successfully connect.

"Haha! Is that all you've got? If your rotten flesh wasn't so putrid, I'd cook your corpse for my master! Too bad, you aren't even fit for the begging mutts!"

The Brute roars at Yamir. "You make big talk for tiny short-horn! Eat fist, you cow!"

Just as Yamir is preparing to charge the Brute, his danger instincts kick in. He glances to his right, where he spots two more Brutes and a Demon Baron running toward him.

"There, that's the one," The Baron says, pulling back his hood to expose his face. "He's leading the humans on this side. Ose wants him dead."

Yamir, sensing the situation change, flares his nostrils. "Hmph. Orias! Baron of the Stars. It seems you, too, are following Ose's bidding."

"Oh? Yamir? Is that you?" Orias asks. The Baron of the Stars scratches his facial hair and chuckles. "You used to work for Bahamut. Now, you fight for the humans. What a sad fate for the Ironhorn Clan's firstborn."

The two Brutes spread out to encircle Yamir, while Orias stands his ground, a sad look on his face. Yamir snorts again and stomps his hoof, dragging it across the dirt aggressively.

"I serve the master of this world. I cook for him and take care of his family. There is no greater calling in my life than to prepare delicacies for my king!"

"Your 'king'," Orias repeats. "He's a Hero. Demonkind's enemy, and thus, yours. I'll be sure to deliver your head to your father. He'll thank me for executing a traitor."

"I've not spoken to my father in a thousand years!" Yamir bellows. "And not once have I regretted that choice! So long as my ancestors smile upon me, my life was worth living. Not that a demon like you would know anything of family ties!"

Orias nods. "Indeed, I wouldn't. Now, die."

The Baron of the Stars plucks a shiny red gem out of his arm. As the three Brutes stomp toward Yamir with their fists at the ready, Orias clutches the ruby in his hand and snaps his fingers.

_Fwoosh!_

Fire engulfs Orias for a few minutes as his control over flames leaps into the stratosphere. In the waning darkness, while dawn approaches, Orias's conflagration draws countless eyeballs. He leaps into the air and hurls fire at the area around Yamir, coordinating with the Brutes to keep away any reinforcements capable of saving the Minotaur's life.

The Hiro family's chef battles his opponents with a crazed fervor. The previous battle against one Brute may have tilted slightly in his favor, but three Brutes are far too many for him to overcome. Repeatedly, the Brutes punch and kick him, knocking him from one to the other like a trio of cats slapping a mouse. 

Eventually, Yamir has no choice but to drop his greathammer and switch to his fists. He changes his combat-style to one reminiscent of boxing, holding up his arms to protect his face and chest, while bobbing and weaving to avoid certain death. He starts landing punches, striking one of the Brutes across his face repeatedly, but the Brute merely reveals a masochistic grin and laughs.

"You hit like girl! Me not feel any pain, heh-heh!"

Orias blasts away a small squad of troopers before they can reach Yamir, preventing them from rescuing their commander. 

"Yamir! Break out of the formation! We can't get in there; this Baron is too powerful!"

Yamir grits his teeth. The bull comes out swinging. He tries to charge through a gap in the Brutes' defenses, only for a giant fist to sledgehammer his face and send him toppling backward into the dirt. Yamir crashes against a poorly-placed rock and nearly cracks his skull, saved only by his exosuit's defenses.

"Aargh!"

The chef cries out in pain. He tries to get up, but a hail of Brute fists rains down on him, forcing him to curl into the fetal position and tank their blows as best as he can.

"Stupid bull!"

"You die now, softhorn!"

The nanites protecting Yamir begin to lose their integrity. His exosuit blares multiple warnings, all indicating a system-side failure that will result in the destabilization of the T-REX's molecular bonds.

However, Yamir can't escape. No matter how he tries to roll or escape the savage beatings, the Brutes repeatedly dog him, ensuring his swift demise.

From above, Orias sighs. "I never wanted it to come to this, Yamir! You defied demonkind's rule, and thus, you've sealed your fate! Accept your death with grace, or with your typical bullheadedness. Your choice!"

But still, even with the Baron taunting him, Yamir doesn't give up. The Minotaur throws all his weight into one final, desperate move. He shoves himself off the ground, jumps to his feet, and forcibly storms toward a narrow gap between the Brutes' bodies.

At that moment, a fist strikes the back of his skull.

_Thunk!_

Yamir's vision goes blurry. He loses focus and stumbles forward, crashing into the dirt like a sack of potatoes.

"Commander Yamir!" An armored Harpie cries. "Nooo!"

The world around Yamir turns foggy. His brain turns to Jello as his suit's bonds break apart, scattering the nanites into a gray mist. They explode off his body and turn to ash, leaving him exposed to the Brutes' savage attacks.

As his vision fades, Yamir knows... he will perish.

His last memory is that of the Little Miss, the Hero's child, Daisy. Her cheerful eagerness to sample his food never failed to bring a smile to his face.

The firstborn of the Ironhorn clan sighs in his heart.

_As long as she grows up in peace... my life will have been worth it._

...

Suddenly, a white force-field envelops Yamir!

Yamir's foggy thoughts become as clear as glass. He awakens to find that not only have his injuries disappeared, but his suit has restored itself! Once again, a T-REX envelops his body, protecting him from harm.

Around Yamir, the three Brutes hammer futilely on the transparent forcefield protecting their prey. Clearly aggravated, they scream in rage. "Hey! What gives?! Why bubble show up? Why we can't pop bubble?"

With his thoughts clearer than ever, Yamir jumps to his feet. A river-like vitality flows through his veins, making him feel as if he's no longer several thousand years old, but young again and back in his prime. The energetic bull breaks through the forcefield and stomps his feet, startling the Brutes.

"What? Bull is okay! But how?!"

Before the other two Brutes can reply, Yamir swings his fist upward.

_Boom!_

The Minotaur bashes the first Brute's chin and uppercuts him backward, where he trips on a rock and falls to the ground.

"Gah!"

The Brute cries out in pain, then looks at Yamir in disbelief. The Minotaur's punch felt far, far mightier than his previous ones.

Yamir grins excitedly as the sensation of **power** gushes through his body. Somehow, not only have his injuries healed, but his strength has increased tenfold, while his body has become noticeably more youthful.

"Haha! Now, you simpletons are about to meet your maker!"

Orias, still flying above, watches in shock as the Minotaur who was previously losing in the merciless melee mounts a massive comeback, mashing the monstrous minions into meaty mush. He grabs the fallen Brute's leg and turns the demon into a living club, swinging him overhead with gusto.

_Boom! Boom!_

Yamir uses the Brute's whole body as a makeshift weapon, clubbing his two companions repeatedly. He smashes the one-ton blob of muscled meat against the others, making all three of them cry out in pain as their bones snap and twist under the Minotaur's savage strength.

Two minutes later, Yamir releases his victims, leaving their corpses on the ground to serve as a warning to anyone who dares challenge him. Yamir bellows again, then turns to look for Orias.

However, when he looks into the sky, Orias isn't there anymore. He disappears, leaving Yamir with a hollow victory.

"Pah! You coward! Come and face this bull, if you dare!" Yamir roars, issuing his challenge to the heavens.

Sadly for him, his opponent doesn't show. With an angry shrug, Yamir returns to the battlefield, opting to assist his fellow soldiers once more in their defensive battle.

...

_Elsewhere, inside the Warpgate Encampment._

Ose's Astral Body hovers a few inches off the ground. She collects information about the battle and issues orders every so often, targeting weaknesses inside the human's defensive formations. Her pointed commands lead to the slow but steady advancement of demonkind's forces, allowing them to push further and further into the humans' battle lines.

"We're making headway," A Demon Lord reports. "I just received word that the Felorians are starting to run out of stamina. Mephisto's undead should break through in the next three hours. Additionally, Orias is on his way to take out the Minotaur on the Western Front. With him dead, the humans will have one less figurehead leading them."

"Excellent," Ose says, her voice astrally projecting into the Lord's mind. "I'll take it from here. Return to the Eastern Front, on the double."

"Yes, Emperor Ose."

The Lord leaves. Moments later, Mephisto melts out of the ground and hesitantly floats into the air. His appearance sours Ose's expression.

"Tch. _You._ Give me good news, you pathetic excuse for a Duke."

Ose injects venom into her words, making Mephisto bow his head in shame. Having failed to capture the Hero's soul via Valac's lantern, he hasn't the courage to look Ose in her eyes. 

"Ksss. I've reccceived word that Beelzebub hasss ssstarted combating the flessshbag'sss forcccesss. Mara and Artoriasss are on their way here asss we speak."

"Great. Is that all?"

Ose flicks her eyes away, barely able to suppress her rage at the Duke of Mist's earlier failure. Her attitude toward him, barely one of toleration before, has now become one of outright hostility.

"The Battle Brothersss are in posssition. We are only waiting on the Ssshadesss to report their sssuccesss. Onccce the Hero'sss daughter and wife are in our clutchesss, we will asssault the human'sss cccity."

Mephisto rubs his boney fingers together to try and appear confident, but Ose's angry eyes make him feel five inches tall.

"What, do you want a medal? You're only doing your job, _insect!_" Ose snaps. "I'm recuperating as quickly as I can, but for now, I have to rely on failures like you! Argh! Bael nearly got his head taken off by the humans, Beelzebub and Artorias both got captured, I broke my bloody arms, and you couldn't even capture one measly errant soul! This war would be ours, Mephisto! We'd have won already if you hadn't screwed up!"

Mephisto bows his head even lower. "...Yesss. I know."

"Do you?! Bah! All of you- every last one of the Dukes is a damned failure. If Agares were here, that old bastard would have probably disappointed me, too! My mother was right. I can't depend on mere cretins if I hope to reach the pinnacle of demonkind. After this war concludes, I'll need to take a good long look at whether you and the other Dukes truly deserve such prestigious-"

In the middle of Ose's ranting, a Demon Baron comes flying over. "Ose! Ose! Bad news!"

Ose halts her raving to stare coldly in the newcomer's direction. "Orias? What are you doing here? I told you to kill that Minotaur! Don't tell me that even _you_ can't get one devil-damned thing done without mucking it up!"

Orias ignores her anger. Having spoken to Ose on many occasions since his youth, he treats her like he would literally any other demon; without a drop of fear or reverence.

"I didn't kill the Minotaur; I couldn't. After I found him, this happened..."

The Baron of the Stars quickly recounts his battle with Yamir. Despite Ose's anger that Orias didn't personally execute the Minotaur, she falls silent at the mention of the 'white forcefield' and rubs her chin.

"Hmm. How strange. For that monster to recover from his wounds, seemingly out of nowhere, that might mean..."

She trails off as her brain whirls at a million miles a second. For once, her anger shifts into confusion, and even a hint of worry.

Before she can come to a conclusion, a second Demon comes running toward her. This one turns out to be a female Demon Lord.

"Emperor Ose! At the Northern Front, something incredible just happened!"

She details the account of the Felorian warrior who recovered from her wounds. At the mention of an identical 'white forcefield,' Ose's expression turns solemn.

"...I see. So, I was right. The Wordsmith isn't standing by idly. The little bastard must be influencing the battle from a distance, tricky little rat that he is."

Ose's astral body hovers back and forth as she 'paces' through the air. She chews on her lip, her mood pensive.

"I predicted countless possibilities for this war," Ose mutters. "I took into account the Wordsmith's personality, his temperament, what could happen if both Wordsmiths joined hands and fought like hell, and even the possibility they might both give up without a fight. Still, this war has fallen somewhat outside of my expectations."

She continues. "Not once has anyone seen Jason's clone. The last I heard, Hope was entering the Labyrinth to go on the hunt for something. According to what I've interrogated out of Neil, Hope left no further details. The Oracles can't find him inside the Labyrinth, either. I haven't a damn clue where he went. Jason left for a long time, too, and only now has he just come back. Both of their absences were a great boon to us. We made headway much faster than I anticipated, allowing me to expedite my plans."

"Still," She adds, "why do I feel as if I've overlooked something? After Jason left my manor, he didn't return to humanity's base of operations. He didn't even return to the Labyrinth. He simply disappeared, as if flitting off into the wind with nary a sound. Where might he have gone, I wonder?"

Ose speaks to herself rhetorically, not involving anyone else in her solo conversation. Mephisto, Orias, and the female Demon Lord stand silently, waiting for their Emperor's orders.

"I don't like unknown variables..." Ose mutters. "Mephisto, enter the city. Find out what's taking the Shades so long! I need that child as insurance against the Wordsmith. His daughter is his weakness; I know it. His wife, too, but she's also quite dangerous and hard to handle. The Hero's child is my primary target. Only she can guarantee the Wordsmith will fall into my clutches."

Mephisto nods. "Yesss... but what about the Battle Brothersss?"

"You can join them later. The child comes first!" Ose snaps. "Once we put the girl inside the 'cage,' Jason won't be able to sense her anymore. My trials with Neil have proven that much. Wordsmithing is a mighty power, but it is neither all-seeing, nor all-knowing. Its might depends heavily on its user's knowledge and wisdom. I can use my familiarity with the Wordsmith to our advantage."

"Ksss. I will do asss you sssay," Mephisto hisses, slowly slinking away.

"Good. Get out of my sight. Begone. Now that the Wordsmith has showed his hand, I'll need to keep an eye on his movements to avoid- hm?"

Ose whirls around to look at the Warpgate leading to the Labyrinth's core. To Mephisto and Orias's shock, the giant gate begins to sputter and hiss with loud, violent noises. Shortly after, its portal pathway collapses! Several demons in the vicinity scream in fright as a powerful suction force grabs hold of them and pulls them toward the collapsing gate. One second later, like flies sucked into a blender, their bodies explode into meat-chunks and fly into the swirling vortex, disappearing into an unknown place in time and space.

The Warpgate dissipates, leaving only its metal struts sticking into the air.

Immediately afterward, Mephisto raises his head in alarm. "Ksss! My Death Gatesss! They're... they're disssappearing too!"

Ose flickers away, moving at the speed of thought. She arrives in front of Mephisto's Death Gates and watches as they fade into oblivion, leaving only the undead that have passed through on Tarus II while preventing others from emerging.

"Hahaha..." Ose laughs. "As expected. You are more predictable than you think... _Wordsmith._ But this won't stop me."

She continues. "Operation Stormbringer is not a single-step plan. It's something I've meticulously developed for the past six years. You won't win, not even with your Wordsmithing."

The Emperor of Infiltration zips back to Mephisto's position in the blink of an eye.

"The Wordsmith is taking action. He closed the portals to this world. Now, enact the third phase of my plan. We'll need to move a step early, but nothing has changed."

Mephisto raises his head. His eyes gleam with hunger.

"Heh heh heh. Yesss. Finally. I will move ssswiftly, asss you command."

The Duke disappears underground, leaving Ose alone with Orias and the female Demon Lord.

"You're dismissed," Ose says, shooing away the junior. "Orias, forget the Minotaur. I have a new mission for you."

---

>!This is what a spoiler looks like! Click it to reveal the text!!