Part 329: Fear The Wordsmith
Part 329: Fear The Wordsmith

Muuxunuu issues a declaration that silences the room.

"The First and Second Founders have arrived."

Immediately, all conversations stop. Every Volgrim present flicks their eyes or their psionic senses around, trying to be the first to catch a glimpse of the most revered Volgrim in their entire species' history.

The war hero who crushed the tyrant despots of the Old Volgrim Empire.

The genius who shut down the ancient Sentinels, saving his species from extinction.

The great leader who created the legendary tome known as Order to Chaos.

This single Volgrim, despite lacking the psionic power of the Second Founder, the scientific knowledge of the Third Founder, the technological mastery of the Fourth Founder, or the raw physical strength of the Fifth Founder, still holds more political sway and awe than all of them combined.

So influential and renowned is Founder Unarin that even those who have spoken to him regularly still feel a sense of awe and deep respect in his presence.

As the crowd searches frantically for Unarin, two figures pop into existence without fanfare, directly in the middle of the Founder's Eye. Unarin and Dosena instantly appear without making a sound, yet Dosena's incredible psionic emanations cause the others of her kind to instantly suck in their stomachs in surprise.

_Founder Dosena's 'silent transference' ability! The power to step through the void without creating even a micro-tear!_

_Has her power grown since the last time I saw her? Is it even possible for a ninth-rank Psion to advance any further?_

_The First and Second Founders! I've never seen them in person before! What a great privilege! Ahh, if only I didn't have to view the Grand Assembly remotely, I could die of satisfaction right this instant!_

As the crowd goes wild in their thoughts, the two newly appeared Founders levitate near the Founders' platform, not far from Muuxunuu, Treyza, and Cuanali. They don't join the other two immediately, but instead silently remain in place, allowing the hearts of their most elite warriors, scientists, and engineers to surge with emotion.

Unarin does not levitate on his own power, but rather, Dosena uses her psionics to hold both of them aloft. The fact that Unarin is not doing the levitating himself doesn't matter to anyone, as every Volgrim knows well that Founder Unarin is the brains behind every major movement the Volgrim make, while Dosena is his right-hand woman, the brawn of their empire. She follows his orders, and so, she is his most loyal and trusted subordinate.

"Hello, my brothers and sisters." Unarin says, while slowly raising his palm. "I greet the loyal generals of my Empire. I greet the soldiers. I greet the Changelings who work tirelessly to analyze our enemies, the Psions who put their lives on the line against the alien menace, and the Technopaths who build the warships necessary to defend our borders. Every Volgrim has a place. Every Volgrim has a purpose."

Unarin turns his head slightly toward Dosena. Without saying a word, she nods, and the two of them disappear and reappear inside the Founder's Platform, with the other two Founders, Treyza and Cuanali. Muuxunuu silently steps backward, leaving the leftmost position in the pod free for Unarin to take his rightful seat.

The First Founder's dark red skin gives him an aggressive air of authority, but his calm demeanor, his soothingly deep voice, and his regal black and gold robes combine to give him an unshakable presence. Every Volgrim who gazes upon their deified leader immediately feels their worries about the War fading away, as if Unarin alone could crush the Kolvaxians with his right fist while uplifting his people with his left.

Unarin rests his left hand against his waist. He slowly motions with his right hand while he speaks, using gestures to emphasize his words.

"My people. Our enemy was once thought to be a genetic experiment gone wrong. It is only in recent cycles that we have revised our theories, and now, we must change our previous course to deal with the Kolvaxian threat. These monsters are not scientific accidents. They are biological weapons, most likely engineered by a foreign faction. Three million cycles ago, when our Empire was in its prime, we dispatched probes to all of the distant galaxies in the Local Group. Now, we believe one of those probes may have alerted an unknown enemy to our presence. These Kolvaxians were not designed to subjugate us, but to destroy us. Whoever our enemy may be, and wherever they may lurk, we are likely to come to blows sooner rather than later."

The First Founder extends his index finger and slowly waggles it from left to right.

"We Volgrim are a prideful race. We are not like the inferior mud-dwellers of the lower planets. For every low-level conflict those savages fight among themselves, we have fought a hundred others. The civil wars of our ancient history were terrifying and world-shattering indeed, but eventually, we rose above those petty squabbles to become a unified species. The reason why we reign supreme is simple: We have had far more time to advance."

Unarin pauses.

"But..."

He slowly glances around the audience while tapping his chin.

"...What if another civilization existed which was much older and more advanced than ours? Perhaps in another galaxy? We must not discount that possibility. Life has emerged several times in our Milky Way. The odds that life has appeared in other galaxies is alarmingly high, which would mean that we may have caught the attention of a species far superior to ours. These 'Kolvaxians' could be little more than their lowest foot soldiers. And if the Kolvaxians are their weakest soldiers, what might their strongest ones look like?"

After allowing that horrifying idea to percolate in the minds of his audience, Unarin closes his eyes and shakes his head.

"Perhaps what I have just said is a possibility, but also, perhaps not. We do not know. There is no evidence directly supporting the hypothesis that the Kolvaxians are alien life. And even if there were, there is no evidence a higher entity created them. But consider, for a moment, the odds that the worst-case scenario might be true? If we grow complacent, we might view merely defeating the Kolvaxians as our ultimate victory, when in fact they could be the prelude to a greater war."

Sangin Lidra nods slowly, as do the other Volgrim in her pod. Sangin Kordonis lowers his head and momentarily falls into thought.

_I had not even considered the possibility of these Kolvaxians only being the footsoldiers of a stronger alien Empire. However, if that is the case, it would explain their high genetic assimilation, as well as their low intellect._

As if to mimic Kordonis's musings, Unarin continues along that same line of thought.

"These Kolvaxians are frighteningly efficient killing machines. Not only do their bodies completely decompose upon death, but they will also willingly self-immolate if we capture them alive. They take the bodies of our people and enhance their physiology to new heights, making all their physical parameters reach the peak. The only weakness the Kolvaxians seem to possess is a low-level intellect, almost to the point of dull-wittedness. If they arose naturally, or were perhaps an accident made by one of our scientists, how have we failed to recreate their bodily perfection in the last eighty-five thousand cycles since their appearance? Not one Changeling scientist has managed to mimic the genetic assimilation powers of a Kolvaxian."

Unarin pauses for a moment. As he does, Founder Dosena steps forward, her brilliant golden armor drawing everyone's attention.

[Only three thousand cycles ago, the Kolvaxians abruptly began to use the psionic abilities of fallen Psions. This sudden development caught our species off-guard. Did they develop this ability out of nowhere, or did they always possess it, yet held it back until our guard was lowered? If the former is true, then the Kolvaxians may be evolving new abilities over time. If the latter is true, then they are not the mindless monsters we first thought.]

"Dosena is correct." Unarin says, nodding at the Second Founder. "Right now, the psionic potential any given Kolvaxian-reanimate possesses seems to be a full tier below the original host body's capabilities. However, it may be a ruse. They might be capable of using eighth-level Psionics; a power that could defeat any of our Executors in battle if used at an inopportune moment. Even if they cannot do so now, and even if the Kolvaxians are not the sneaky but brilliant enemies we fear, they might still improve their psionic abilities over time, putting them on par with our lauded Executors! I fear that either possibility could spell our doom."

"Therefore..." Unarin says, changing his tone noticeably, "As per what my Head Administrator stated previously, I have decided to enact various changes throughout our Empire. She has already spoken regarding the expedited training of new Psion seeds into specialists, but this measure alone will hardly be enough to crush the alien threat. We once outnumbered them a trillion to one, yet we could not kill them. Today, their numbers have started to reach parity with ours. Specialists will only slow their push into our core systems."

Unarin touches a device embedded in his wrist, a small psionic-built implant that allows him to remotely access core Founder-level knowledge restricted to his biological signature.

In the middle of the arena, ten hazy holograms of familiar-looking aliens appear, each of which makes some of the lower-ranked elites inside the Founder's Eye frown in confusion.

"The youngest among our people were not alive to witness the Energy Wars." Unarin states. "But I trust that nearly everyone here will remember that small-scale conflict which erupted over the Sol system's unique resources. We long before had recognized the presence of multiple Alpha-class species living on a single isolated world. I gave special permission to the Changeling scientists of that era to control and experiment on the populace. Many of these life-forms, such as the Angels, the Titans, and the Demons, possessed surprisingly potent abilities roughly equivalent to seventh-ranked Psions. Quite impressive, for mud-dwelling species."

"However," Unarin continues, "It was not those three Alpha-class species that rose up to dominate the world of Earth, but a seemingly insignificant Beta-class species known as Humans. These mud-dwellers possessed no latent abilities equivalent to the psionic arts. Their durability was low, and even their intellect seemed insignificant. However, all of that changed in a short three-hundred cycle timespan when their population exploded, their weaponry began to rise in complexity at an exponential rate, and their subjugation of the three Alpha-class species brought their own classification up to Alpha-level."

Sangin Kordonis listens to Founder Unarin while recalling the many lessons he learned about the planet Earth in his education courses.

_Humans started off as Beta-class, but rose to Alpha-class, and soon became a genuine threat to our Empire. We eventually reclassified them in the Omega-tier, the same as ourselves. But why would Unarin bring them up now?_

"At the time, we overlooked the existence of one particular type of human," Unarin says. "Due to an unknown infusion of magical power given to the humans by the Angels and Titans, a single individual human was born every generation, known as a _Hero._ These Heroes were, at first, not particularly threatening, but over time, the small gains they made and the rapid reproduction and death cycles of their species sped up their evolution speed to one that even outpaced our own Empire. Heroes such as King Arthur, Joan of Arc, and King Solomon spread knowledge and conquest through the world of Earth, eventually dominating all the other forms of life. Before we had time to react, they became a space-faring civilization, and they discovered our presence. That was when the Energy Wars began."

"In truth, the humans were never a major threat to our Empire." Unarin says. "But, given time, I believe that if we had stayed complacent, they may have discovered fatal weaknesses in our Empire and exploited us for all we were worth."

Unarin taps his finger against his hip, pausing to add emphasis.

"After the Energy Wars, many factions called for the outright extermination of the humans. However, Founder Treyza spoke out in favor of allowing them to live, albeit as a crippled and humiliated species incapable of ever again climbing to those same heights they once did before. Treyza argued that the humans had earned their right to existence, and as the protectors of this galaxy, we owed them the dignity of existing, just the same as we have given to all the other mud-dwellers. We are not a cruel and base species, but enlightened thinkers who must protect the small and fragile ecosystems of the millions of habitable worlds within our power structure."

Founder Treyza nods along to Unarin's words, but otherwise says nothing.

Continuing his previous thoughts, Unarin adds: "Were that the only reason for allowing their continued existence, I might not have agreed to Treyza's request. Ultimately, I ruled to allow the humans to exist inside Containment Worlds, supervised by the demons, not out of the goodness of my heart, but due to pragmatism. Today, that same species which once posed a minor threat to our Empire might become a saving grace in the light of the Kolvaxians. Behold: A new Hero has arisen among the humans."

Whispers of confusion go up among the crowd. Several high-ranking Psions communicate telepathically with one another, surprised by Unarin's declaration. As they watch, Unarin waves away the images of the ten greatest Heroes from Earth's history, causing a single hazy image of a shadowy biped to hover in the air.

"This human is known as Jason Hiro. Due to time constraints, we have not yet obtained an image of the Hero's appearance, but that will change soon. Were he the same as the other Heroes who came before him, I would not think him worth mentioning, but the abilities he possesses seem to be... quite unique."

Before continuing with that line of thought, Unarin lowers his gaze to one of the hundred pods levitating around the Founder's Pod, the very same one which Sangin Lidra, Kordonis, and the others of their group sit inside.

"Psymin Miralax." Unarin says. "I greet one of the last living ancient Celestial Designers."

The most revered person inside Kordonis's pod shakily rises to her feet. She bows slightly at the waist in Unarin's direction.

"_This humble servant. Greets First Founder._"

After showing the proper respect to one of Volgrimkind's most revered members, Unarin shifts his glance to another in the pod.

"Junior Fleet Captain, Sangin Kordonis. I understand that you and your crew battled an unknown life-form inside the Hell Harbor system. I have already read your report, but would you be so kind as to detail the events of that account for the many guests present?"

Kordonis quickly stands up and bows deeply at the waist. "Yes, First Founder. It is the greatest honor of my life to serve the Volgrim Empire, and yourself, specifically."

He returns to a standing position, then quickly but calmly recounts the events of that day.

"I was in the middle of a standard patrol of the Nuul system when I received an alert from the Hell Harbor system, just twenty light-years away. Senior Observor Kol, bearer of the Yellow Star Emblem, informed me of an anomalous energy signature within the system's space. He surmised at first that it may have been a stray satellite, or perhaps a meteor launched at high speeds, but its erratic movement and unique energy signature suggested otherwise. I compared the energy signature with our records and discovered that it bore a high similarity to a Heroic-Class Energy signature, with extreme levels of Holy Energy, as well."

Kordonis continues explaining the events of that day, making the listening guests lean forward with rapt attention. The more he explains, the more surprised and shocked they become.

"...at that point, the energy signature reappeared, as if stepping through a gap in the void. So abrupt was its appearance that we were momentarily caught off-guard."

"...and that is when it began disabling our ships and crew."

"...Not long after, all of our ships departed the system at maximum warp to return to Volgarius."

Kordonis concludes his story, and the audience leans back in their chairs, shooting looks of surprise at one another.

"Your firsthand account is much more detailed and vivid than the bland and cursory explanation given in your report." Unarin says. "Thank you for your testimony, Junior Captain, Sangin Kordonis. But before you return to your seat, I have a few questions."

Kordonis quickly bows his head. "I exist only to serve the Founders. Question me as you please, Revered First Founder."

"Very well." Unarin says with a nod. "In regards to this anomalous entity, what were your initial impressions of it? What did you think its origins were?"

"Initially, I believed it to be some sort of Plague- err, some sort of Kolvaxian-infested Heroic Artifact." Kordonis says. "According to the historical records, no Heroes had appeared, or perhaps even could appear after the destruction of Earth. I did not change my opinion until attending this very Grand Assembly."

"Noted." Unarin says. "And this Heroic-class anomaly, it did not kill a single crew-member among your vessels, even after you ordered your troops to attack it?"

"It did not." Kordonis replies. "This was one of the more incongruent aspects of the encounter that left me puzzled. I was uncertain as to why a Kolvaxian-infested Heroic Artifact would not kill anyone, but at the time I rationalized that perhaps the artifact had altered the Kolvaxian's biochemistry, leading it to adopt a more pacifistic mindset. Now I understand that my thoughts were shameful and uneducated. I beg forgiveness from the Grand Assembly-members."

"There is no need for you to feel shame," Unarin says, offering a faint but welcoming smile to his junior. "Were I in your position, I might have come to a similar conclusion. There was no reason to think a Hero had emerged, and a Heroic Artifact may indeed have been responsible for those readings. After all, that is how we located the lost artifact of Excalibur before adding it to our vaults."

Unarin gestures for Kordonis to sit down, and so, the junior Technopath does. Practically beaming with excitement, he struggles to maintain an emotionless front, but his very essence undergoes apotheosis as he revels in having partaken in a dialogue with the mightiest and most revered Volgrim in his entire Empire!

Meanwhile, Unarin turns his attention to Sangin Lidra.

"I have received a similar report from Confessor Vulpanix regarding two strange encounters she has experienced within the last few planetary cycles. Sangin Lidra, Head of Clan Oblong, I understand that you were there to experience one of those encounters. Please detail what you saw for the other delegates."

Lidra straightens her posture while her hover-chair rises a few inches, allowing her to metaphorically 'rise' to greet the revered First Founder.

"Founder Unarin, this humble servant did indeed observe an anomalous event during an inspection of the Neutron Bomb Facility located beneath the Earth's crust. While engaging in dialogue with Marie Becker, I noted..."

She speaks for several minutes, detailing the events which led up to the sighting of an unexpected errant soul within Marie Becker's laboratory. Sangin Lidra and the others of her team speak together to confirm their stories, but only one person present actually saw the soul, and so, Unarin turns his attention to that individual.

"Judicator Halamis," Unarin says, as his attention falls on a nearby pod filled with high-level Psions, and one eye-catching sixth-ranked Psion with a status far beneath the elites encircling him. "What did you see when the Errant Soul appeared?"

Judicator Halamis stands up, but keeps his head slightly bowed to show deference not only to Unarin, but the higher members of his Psionic clan.

[This poorly-trained junior laments his lack of ability.] Halamis says. [When the Errant Soul appeared, I was unable to sense its presence. It was only when Confessor Vulpanix identified its position with her superior aptitude that I was able to momentarily perceive its relative position. My skills are woeful and inadequate compared to hers.]

"I have spoken to Confessor Vulpanix regarding the Errant Soul," Unarin responds. "I only hoped to see if you had observed anything noteworthy. You may sit down."

[This small figure thanks the First Founder for his wisdom. I contemplate, and I comprehend.]

Judicator Halamis sits back down, and Unarin returns his attention to the other delegates.

"Confessor Vulpanix is presently unable to attend this meeting. Due to an incident which also occurred in the Hell Harbor system, perhaps related to the one recounted by Sangin Kordonis, she is staying there to investigate the area and procure any additional information which might assist our Empire. However, I did take the liberty to record a conversation between her and I. This is it."

Unarin summons a projection of himself speaking to Confessor Vulpanix, where she recounts not only the appearance of the Errant Soul she nearly captured in Marie Becker's laboratory, but also the battle which just took place between the Cherubiim and the Volgrim fleet.

Recordings of the battle play every so often, causing countless Psions and Technopaths to stare with widened eyes at the horrifyingly powerful Primordial entity which ripped apart one of their elite fleets in mere minutes.

[By the Founders! What incredible power! That creature must be a Founder-Level threat!]

[I recognize that energy. The monster is surely an angel, and one that appears to be even stronger than the Archangels we fought during the Energy Wars.]

"How could an Archangel amass such power? Is someone plotting against our Empire in secret? Could this be related to the 'Hero' Founder Unarin spoke of?"

Unarin allows the delegates to listen to his discussion between himself and Vulpanix while simultaneously playing images of the one thousand Primordial phantasms ravaging their fleet. Once she concludes with the explanation about the Cherubiim's disappearance, the recording concludes, and Unarin shuts it down.

"As you can see," Unarin says, "the Archangels have returned. We are not currently certain of their exact numbers, but we have determined the monstrous power they wielded in that battle was likely short-lived. They might be able to unleash it again, but they also might not. What is clear to me are the following facts..."

"Firstly: The anomalous Heroic Energy signature, the one which defeated our fleet but did not kill any Volgrim, is likely the Hero I spoke of earlier, Jason Hiro."

"Secondly: The Archangel which ravaged our fleet was not one singular entity, but a unique combination of three Archangels, Raphael, Michael, and Uriel. If you are unfamiliar with the latter two names, that is because we did not fight either of them during the Energy Wars. I have surmised that Raphael somehow survived the Energy Wars, despite the Demons' claims to the contrary, and then revived his brother and sister through some ancient technique, OR, the Hero brought them back with his unique ability."

"Thirdly: I have seen little evidence that the Hero and the Archangels are direct allies. The Archangels' attack was bloody and violent. By contrast, the Hero did not cause any bloodshed to our troops, even though he absolutely could have. This tells me that he is not necessarily of the same mind as them. This could be be a psychological weakness we can exploit."

Unarin pauses while he turns off the images of the battle, returning the vague and amorphously masculine Hero's body back to the main holographic projector.

"Jason Hiro. I have interviewed the current leader of demonkind, Emperor Ose. I have interrogated her and determined many crucial details regarding this Hero's abilities, and the facts have raised my cautionary instincts to their highest level. He is not a Hero like the ten mightiest ones who came before him. He is a new breed, one with a power so threatening that I dare not rush to declare him our enemy."

Founder Unarin's tone becomes so grave that the other Volgrim can only swallow their objections, wondering what sort of power could cause him to speak in such dire terms.

"Jason Hiro's power is called Wordsmithing." Unarin explains. "Based on what Ose has told me, it functions like so..."

Unarin spends the next half an hour detailing several events which have occurred over the last six orbital cycles, barely a blink of an eye in their species' lifetimes. The elites gasp and growl, surprised, angered, and frightened by Unarin's recountings.

Executor Nufaris frowns. When Unarin pauses to take a breath, he interjects. [First Founder Unarin. Forgive my interruption. I must ask: Are you stating that Jason Hiro caused the immolation of a star? He forced a star to immediately enter the Supernova phase?]

"...Correct." Unarin says.

The First Founder's single-word reply causes even greater gasps of horror to spread throughout the audience.

"Marie Becker's Neutron Bombs can't even cause such a massive Void Event!" One of the Technopath leaders exclaims. "They can only destroy small and mid-sized worlds! This Hero's power exceeds common sense! We must eliminate him at once!"

[He is a threat we must not ignore!] A seventh-ranked Psion elite declares. [With just one word, he could annihilate the entire Volgarius system! We would be helpless to stop him!]

Several similar objections go up. Unarin listens patiently while the exalted leaders and elites of his Empire speak their minds.

After another thirty minutes, the crowd quiets down, waiting for Unarin to clarify their doubts.

"Every word you have said is correct." Unarin replies. "This Hero is extremely dangerous. However, I have not finished. You see... there is not only one Hero. There are _two_. The Wordsmith has cloned himself... and that clone is every bit as capable as the original body. They possess all the same abilities. They do not seem to have any major differences in what their powers can accomplish. Therefore..."

Unarin's expression turns ugly.

"...It is possible there may be even more clones we have not accounted for."

[Two Heroes? Two Wordsmiths?] Executor Huron says, disbelief in his projected voice. [Is this true?]

"Naturally." Unarin says. "As I explained, the Wordsmith can reshape reality with just his words. Cloning himself... it might be a trivial feat, or it might not. Knowing how many enemies lurk at every corner, it is possible he has prepared counter-measures in case we were to move to eliminate him. By taking direct action to kill the Wordsmith, we might paint ourselves as his enemies, and thus, cause any secret clones of his to appear from the Void itself."

"Notably," Unarin adds, "Ose did not seem to have thought of this possibility. I discerned her greedy impulse to capture and control one or both of the Wordsmiths. She foolishly made an enemy of Jason Hiro, and now, the Archangels have run rampant across her society. Half a dozen Emperors died to the Cherubiim. Did they act alone, or were they sent by the Wordsmiths? We do not yet possess enough information to make a determination. We do not know his motives, his mindset, his allegiances, his worldview, or anything which would give us an edge in handling him. He is an enigma, one we must immediately solve."

While many of the elites glance at one another with worried eyes, Sangin Kordonis rises from his chair.

"First Founder, if I might speak, this humble junior has a thought he would like to express."

Unarin nods. "Go on."

"If we make the Hero our enemy, I cannot imagine the catastrophe which will befall us," Kordonis says. "However, based upon your observations regarding the anomalous entity I encountered, it was most likely Jason Hiro or his clone which subdued my fleet. He did not kill any of our troops, and so, I might hesitantly offer that he does not consider us his enemy; at least, not yet. Perhaps we could make an ally of this Wordsmith to battle the Kolvaxian menace?"

The First Founder offers another faint smile. "Your observational skills are excellent, Junior Sangin Kordonis. Indeed. Making an ally of the Hero might be the salvation we require to exterminate the Kolvaxian threat. However..."

Unarin sighs.

"...That was before the demons made a move on the Hero, one which potentially changed his outlook on not only the demons, but us, as well. Observe."

A projection of a Paradise-Class planet appears, one with rich and vibrant forests, crystal-clear oceans, and moderate volcanic and geological activity.

"This world is Tarus II." Unarin states. "Once I learned of the Wordsmith's existence, I dispatched a stealth fleet to observe his home system. Luckily, he has not built any advanced fleet defenses yet. Perhaps he lacks the ability, or perhaps he does not consider such a defense necessary. He may even be capable of erecting spatial defenses instantly, so formidable are his powers. Whatever the case, our infiltration vessels were able to snap these images of his homeworld."

The projection changes to show a greatly zoomed-in image of Tarus II, where thousands of pockmarks and burned forests lay in wastes. One elevated plateau especially stands out, thanks to the huge crater in its center.

"...The foolish demons attacked Tarus II, where the humans had built their fortresses. Unable to capture either of the Wordsmiths, they detonated a thermonuclear device of unknown origin and killed millions of humans. While we might not care for the deaths of even a billion mud-dwellers, the same cannot be said for a highly empathetic being such as Jason Hiro. If we examine his behavior toward Junior Captain Kordonis's fleet, we can determine based upon the profiles of other humans that Jason Hiro would react... poorly... to the deaths of his comrades. Considering the timeline of events, I believe that the bombing of his world caused Jason Hiro to dispatch the Archangels to Hell Harbor."

"Therefore," Unarin concludes, "I am not certain whether Jason Hiro will become a great ally of ours, or an existential enemy, potentially more terrifying than the Kolvaxians themselves. This... uncertainty... has made my determining of what actions to take... difficult."

"Earlier, I stated that humanity might become our saving grace against the Kolvaxians. Without a Hero in their ranks, it is debatable whether they would ever again reach the status of an Omega-level civilization, on par with ours. With a Hero like the Wordsmith leading them, I believe their ascension will not only be swift, but certain. The question now becomes... faced with the possibility of extinction on both sides, and two enemies which might ultimately destroy us all... how should we deal with these conflicting variables?"

Unarin nods at Founder Dosena.

"Second Founder. Explain the next steps to our esteemed guests."

Founder Dosena clenches her fists. She takes a step forward, while slowly blinking her eyes.

[As you command. I follow your will, Unarin.]