Part 303: The Unifier
Part 303: The Unifier

Emperor Gorn and Emperor Fenrir both die instantly, far faster than anyone around them could have imagined. Uriel's seemingly weak and useless Holy Constructs somehow end their lives with one move, causing their auras to vanish and the other Emperors to spin around and look at them in shock.

Emperor Serena, Gorn's consort, quickly moves away from his body even as it falls into the ground. She sightlessly gazes in the general direction of the masculine construct before her, the one which now bears Michael's Archangel aura.

"Murderer." Serena says, her limpid voice containing neither hatred nor hostility, but only an emphatic truth.

Michael's gaze fixates on her fleeing figure. Her princess-like appearance does nothing to warm his blood or stay his hand. In his eyes, all he sees is a filthy _bloodskin._

Without any warning, he rushes toward the blind Emperor and swings his blade. However, his sword passes through her without stopping, and she disappears into particles of light, only to reform half a mile away, unharmed.

"Emperor Gorn!" Maltus shouts, fire in his eyes. "Filthy Archangels! You **dare** trick us?!"

Raphael chuckles audibly, as he flies back toward his sister. "Hoho. Verily, thou intendeth to slay my sister, yet once thy comrades fell, thy anger rose like the flames of a fallen people. There can be no reconciliation between us, hellspawn."

He and Michael quickly travel back to Uriel's side, while both of the Ancient Orcs, those who served under Gorn, gaze at them with fiery eyes. Never did they imagine the leader of their Hell would perish so miserably, unable to defend himself.

Maltus's chest heaves up and down. He grits his teeth and summons all his strength to his body, readying himself to go on the attack!

However, Elder Huul, his junior and his Zhurm's mother, calms down quickly. She eyes the Archangels with a look of cold calculation.

"Maltus. It is time. Activate the Unifier."

Her words immediately cause the First Ancient's rage to freeze in place. Shocked beyond belief, Maltus shoots her a look of suspicion. "What? Lady Huul, without the Zhurm's permission, we cannot reveal-"

"I am his mother. I helped design it." She states, still locking eyes with Uriel. "I'll take responsibility."

Maltus's rage quickly cools down. In its place, a look of elation appears, followed by that of unmistakable greed.

"Heh, heh, heh. If you insist, Lady Huul."

Their conversation does not go unnoticed by the demons around them, nor the Archangels. Emperor Fenrir's comrades, the werewolves from the Hell of Blood, also appear enraged beyond belief, but they keep their anger in check, waiting for the orcs to make their move. In their heart of hearts, they feel a slight fear toward the cunning Archangels who managed to take out the Hell of Blood's leader in a single move.

Yardrat, too, eyes the orcs with suspicion.

_What is a 'Unifier?_ He wonders. _Our intelligence has reported no such item before. Could it be a code-word?_

Ancient Maltus reaches into the folds of his luxurious purple robes, then pulls out his hand to reveal a palm-sized black obsidian crystal.

"Behold, fellow Emperors," Maltus says, his voice tinged with excitement. "The pride of my species. The Unifier! No longer will our people sit on the sidelines, content with our meager lot in life! We will avenge our fallen king and take our place at the top of the Hell of Calamity!"

Maltus crushes the pitch-black jewel. A wave of purple and black mana explodes into existence, causing every spectator to take at least a few steps back, including the Archangels. Elder Maltus grabs Huul's golden shoulder pauldron, allowing the black energy to envelop both of them. The initial ball of mana transforms into a hardened set of onyx armor, swirling around them like a hungry raven.

Raphael's eyes widen as he witnesses this scene. "Impossible... that mana signature... a dragon?"

The unmistakable purity of draconic essence sickens every spectator in the area, causing their stomachs to flip-flop in their bodies. Once the blackened ball of energy finishes crafting a set of powerful-looking armor, it shoots up into the sky and explodes like a bomb, transforming into a giant magical formation which hovers over the battlefield.

This last change causes an uproar among the demons, none of whom have ever seen anything like it. Yardrat, in particular, begins to sweat.

_A magical formation! Have the orcs and fairies begun to work together? Have they unlocked the mysteries of draconic energy? That must be the case!_

"Murderous angels!" Maltus roars, as he once again wields his pair of one-handed axes. "Today, you and all the rest will learn why orcs should be the RULERS of the cosmos!"

He and Huul launch toward Uriel at frightening speeds. Their seemingly simple weapons now radiate an oppressive draconic might, weakening the mana of everyone else in the area.

In that instant, Raphael pieces together at least one part of the puzzle.

_This is no coincidence. The orcs have somehow become masters of artifact creation! That 'Unifier' tool was barely inferior to Camael's works!_

Uriel engages in battle with both Ancients, resulting in a firestorm of annihilation. She trades blows with them, relying on the power contained in Barbatos's body and her own Holy Barriers to forcibly withstand Maltus and Huul's brutally savage onslaught.

_Boom! Boom!_

Uriel's light-spears shatter again and again, their inferiority to the dragon-energy-infused weapons of the orcs becoming clearer with every strike. Michael tries to assist his sister by wielding his sword at a speed even the orcs can't deflect, but his body and weapon prove grossly inferior to his former self.

Yardrat analyzes the battle from his spectator vantage point. _Projections and constructs, made up only of solidified mana, simply cannot compete with flesh and blood bodies infused with draconic mana. These Archangel souls might possess all of their original abilities, but their raw power is grossly inferior to their former selves! It's no wonder they had to assassinate Fenrir and Gorn when their guard was lowered, otherwise they would have failed in an instant!_

"Assist the Ancients!" Yardrat shouts. "Kill these Archangels, once and for all!"

A flood of Emperors joins the orcs in battle, only to find themselves unable to fully commit. The level of draconic energy radiating from the orcs' bodies physically sickens the demons, making their bodies weaken when they draw too close.

Even without the assistance of the other Emperors, both Ancients continue battling the Archangel and her brothers.

Raphael's strengths lay mostly in illusions. He keeps away from the main attack and mostly focuses on confusing his opponents. Unlike the demons, his Archangel soul stands a tier above draconic energy. He doesn't become weakened by it, and can even fight against a dragon on relatively equal terms.

Uriel's body flickers from side to side, causing the orcs to miss some of their attacks. Those that hit inevitably crash against Uriel's barriers or her armor, reducing some of the damage the dragon-power can deal.

However, the alarming increase in power that the orcs receive puts them easily at the level of top Demon Emperors. Every strike they land causes Uriel's body to shudder and groan. Considering the physical power she wields only amounts to the level of a Demon Duke, she inevitably loses more and more ground to both of the orcs.

_Boom!_

Maltus's axe crashes against Uriel's helmet, making her cry out in pain. She hovers backward, wincing for a moment as a throbbing migraine strikes her soul. In that moment of weakness, Huul lands a double-slash on Uriel's chest, blasting her out of the sky and toward the ground below!

Just before Uriel hits the ground, a shadow-spear suddenly comes from nowhere and impales her spine from behind. The Archangel howls in pain and slashes at it with a hastily summoned dagger of light, freeing herself. She climbs to her feet, only to see Emperor Yama slink into the darkness, grinning at her like a Cheshire Cat.

"No, no, now is not the time for us to make our move," Yama says. "Consider that a little taste of our power. Heh heh heh..."

Uriel clutches the bloody hole in her stomach, then falls to her feet. She hastily waves her hand, dematerializing Michael and Raphael's constructs and resummoning them at her position.

She exchanges no words with her brothers. One look is all Raphael needs to see the gruesome injury Yama dealt.

The orcs fly downward at their fastest speed, intending to crush Uriel before she can heal. However, Raphael summons a portal and throws his sister into it, allowing his body to be used as a meatshield for the descending orcs. They crush him and Michael both, but fail to land a killing blow on the Archangel yet again.

"Come back here, cowardly chicken!" Maltus yells. "Where have you run off to, now?!"

A few seconds later, Uriel steps out of a portal in the sky, then closes it behind her. Her seemingly life-threatening injuries from before no longer appear anywhere on her body, and her battle fatigue vanishes as well.

"Here I am, little orcs," Uriel says, taunting the two Ancients. "I had to freshen myself up a bit."

Yardrat's eyes widen. _Again! How has the Archangel healed her injuries so quickly? Yama's casual blow should have left her at death's door. Only a healer of Belial's caliber could have mended those wounds, and yet somehow Uriel did so in only a few seconds?!_

His expression becomes grim. _Uriel only possesses the body of a Duke, but her Archangel power puts her at the same level as a Demon Emperor. If this battle were merely one of attrition, we should win easily, and yet somehow she has survived all this while. Since when did her healing abilities grow so frightening?_

Uriel's eyes glow for a moment. Once again, her posture and demeanor changes.

"Hoho. Too many enemies, and so few friends. I think we might not win if the battle keeps shaping up like it has so far!"

The speaker, Raphael, swivels his head around, momentarily engrossed in the feeling of once again possessing a flesh and blood body. Still, he doesn't let this sensation distract him.

The Archangel of Wisdom waves his hands, summoning a dozen portals all at once, each of them linking to different locations.

"Hee-hee! Come now, young ones! Make way for this poor old man to educate the young!"

Suddenly, a flood of more then three thousand Elemental Constructs pour from the portals. Fire Golems, Water Golems, Earth, Wind, Light, Dark, and even Iron Golems all come rushing out, having been pre-built by Uriel for just this moment. The Emperors all flinch in shock as a huge army of Golems charges their position, the sheer number of them frightening them out of their wits.

"Don't be fooled!" Yardrat exclaims. "Uriel can't possibly create this many golems! They're only illusions!"

An instant after he says that, one of the 'illusions' swings its fiery fist at him.

_BOOM!_

Yardrat gets smashed backward, flying directly into the ground beneath him. Just before he impacts the dirt, the Emperor of the Void flickers in and out of reality, halting his momentum and allowing him to reorient himself in midair.

"...Never mind! They're real!"

Raphael hovers in the sky. His eyes flick to each of the assembled Emperors, while also watching as the two Ancients come roaring back to fight him.

[Hoho. Well, I wouldn't say that Yardrat boy was too far off the mark. I might have mixed in a few illusions to beef up the numbers! Now, brother, 'tis thy turn to battle these orcs.]

Raphael's eyes glow with light for a moment, allowing Michael to swap into Uriel's body. Raphael and Uriel split off into Uriel's constructs, turning them into pillars of support for the Archangel of Courage.

Michael grins. "There's just something about a flesh and blood body that a false one cannot emulate..."

The moment the orcs reach Michael, thinking he's Raphael, they receive a rude surprise. Michael summons a single longsword into his right hand, along with a shield of light in his left. He rockets toward the Ancients and delivers a hundred precisely aimed attacks, stabbing through minuscule gaps in their dragon-armor.

"Argh!" Huul cries, a single second after feeling fifty stinging stabs across her body.

Maltus also cries out in pain, but neither orc relents. The wounds on their bodies instantly seal shut and rapidly heal, bolstered by the power of the dragon empowering them.

The formation in the sky, created by fairy magic, momentarily glows as it activates its auxiliary healing functions. It absorbs the injuries both Ancients suffered, transferring them to orc slaves placed somewhere in the high capitol on their homeworld. Those slaves instantly perish upon receiving their deadly wounds, while fresh new ones are rotated in to allow for additional 'wound transferences.'

Michael frowns. His 'lethal' blows only momentarily slow the orcs down, and in fact barely even hurt them before they resume battle, seemingly unaffected and just as strong as before.

_How strange,_ he muses.

The other Emperors fight desperately against the horde of elemental Golems. While the strength of Uriel's summons aren't high, their durability and regenerative abilities prove ludicrous.

"Bloody hell!" Emperor Wolfram howls. "It's one thing after another! How many tricks does this Archangel have up her sleeves?!"

...

A mile or so from the battlefield, Emperors Melody and Guura, from the Sixth Hell of Isolation, sit by themselves, not engaging with the battle.

Instead, they sit with Dorma, the Duke of Delicacies, snacking on some delicious meats and veggies.

"Hey," Guura says. "We should bring Bael over here. He's in danger, you know?"

Melody snorts. "Bael's napping. He'll be fine."

"Ya, but he don't got no powers now, ya know?"

Melody chomps down on a leg of chicken, then shrugs her shoulders. "If he smells the grub, he'll come."

"You think we should help fight the Archangel?" Guura asks.

"Nah. Screw that noise," Melody replies. "Sounds like a real drag. Remember what Shax always said. 'Don't stick your nose up somebody else's butt.'"

"Melody... I don't think those were his words."

"Eh, close enough."

The two girls chomp some chicken while Dorma waddles over and plops down beside them, a big bowl of turkey soup in his hand.

"So, how's the battle going?"

Melody shrugs. "Uriel took out Emperor Fenrir. Gorn too."

"Ooh, how exciting!" Dorma squeals, elation on his face. "We haven't had this much excitement in a long time! Are you going to play a song?"

"Those losers don't deserve my music," Melody replies. "Man, where's Fae and Bree? We should get them in on this action. This chicken is the shit!"

"Thanks," Dorma says, his face all smiles. "I put some special seasoning on it! Made it just the way my broodmother always liked it!"

"Alright! Totally radical," Melody laughs.

Guura frowns. She turns around and looks behind the group, in the opposite direction of the battle taking place, where she observes a flicker of light materialize in the distance.

"Hey! Who's there?"

Slowly, a demon begins walking toward the three members of the Hell of Isolation. His youthful appearance doesn't ring any bells, but his confident swagger makes even Melody turn and take notice.

"Eh? I don't recognize you. What's your name, punk?"

The young demon smiles, revealing a toothy grin.

"Oh, it's no surprise you don't recognize little old me. I don't come out often, after all, and this body is a _new model._ Since there's an Archangel or three in the area, I thought I might pop over and see what the big fuss is about."

Melody continues munching on her chicken, but she eyes the demon warily. "You're an Emperor? Weird. I've never met you before. Are you Belial?"

"No, no. I'm not Belial," The man says. "You and I haven't spoken much. I like to keep to myself, you see."

Melody scrutinizes the young Emperor's face, especially his odd purple hair, permed and falling from his head in waves. He wears an Egyptian-style garment, complete with white robes, a golden pointed hat, and a few amulets of various Egyptian gods hanging from his neck.

"Wait... I do know you..." Melody says, pausing her chewing. "Aren't you... the Glyphmancer?"

The man motions with his hand. He conjures a magical card between his middle and index finger, then smiles.

"So you've figured me out? Just keep quiet for now. I'd like to make a big show when I arrive."

Guura doesn't recognize him. Even so, she gestures to the table and spread of food before her.

"Hey, Glyph-guy! Want some grub? The chicken's real good!"

The newcomer follows her gesture with his eyes.

"Ah, some of Dorma's delicacies? Why yes, I think I will. It won't hurt to wait a few minutes before I make my glorious entrance. Gorn already died, after all, so I'm a bit too late to save him."

As the man sits down and begins to eat, he raises his eyebrows and nods at Dorma.

"Well, I'll be. This _is_ some good chicken. Excellent work, Dorma."

The Duke of Delicacies flashes a thumbs-up, then slaps his stomach.

"Enjoy, brother."