Part 356: A Quiet Lull
Part 356: A Quiet Lull

Days pass. The Wordsmith and his allies hurry to prepare themselves for the likely and imminent arrival of the Hidden Emperors. Not knowing exactly when their enemies will arrive causes humanity's people to feel a great pressure pushing down on them.

However, one person doesn't feel much worry at all, his name being Jason.

The Wordsmith finds himself in a strange position, where even the imminent arrival of a dozen Emperors and who-knows-how-many Dukes and Barons and whoever else might show from the Hidden Hells don't cause him the slightest bit of anxiety.

Instead, Jason reflects on the events of the past few days.

Despite his deepest hopes and prayers, Fiona never found Daisy's soul inside the Lazarus Tower. This news, for some reason, did not cause him to feel a deep anguish within his soul, but only hardened his heart. The only chance he has to find his daughter now is through one of Mephisto's summons. Otherwise, her soul may have already been consumed by a demon, or otherwise scattered and sent to the Great Beyond, never to return.

"This is my punishment." The Wordsmith mutters at one point. "It is because I tried to please my enemies and make amends with them. But I will not do that again."

After realizing that his daughter is, almost certainly, dead and never to return, the Wordsmith throws himself back into his work. He crafts several spiritual and physical weapons, defensive measures, and other such devices to assist humanity moving forward.

The Wordsmith's efforts don't go unrewarded. While he continues to add defensive measures to Tarus II and the Core, Phoebe arrives before him a few days after the relocation of every human in the galaxy. She holds a piece of technology in her hands, smiling lightly.

"Fiona and I did it, Jason. We completed the first Power Glove prototype."

The Wordsmith glances at the device in her hands with a look of surprise.

"You did?"

"Mhm. It's a work in progress, though. Don't get your hopes up. It can't replicate spiritual energy yet, but it _can_ change someone's biological identity. Watch!"

Phoebe slides the gauntlet onto her right hand. It clamps down securely onto her wrist and arm, adjusting its size to perfectly fit her. Once the Power Glove completes its work, Phoebe reaches for the dial, a simple mechanical implement with ten numbers around its diameter.

The dial currently rests on the number 0, with the other numbers reaching 9. Phoebe moves the dial a click to the right, to the position of 1. As soon as she does, a burst of magical energy floods out of the gauntlet, wraps around her body, and rapidly transforms her figure. Her skin changes color to red, a pair of huge horns sprout from just above her ears, and a sassy little succubus tail appears too.

After the transformation concludes, Phoebe ends up looking like a perfect recreation of Belial! Jason's wife snorts and giggles, trying not to laugh hysterically while Jason raises his eyebrows.

"Is something funny?"

"Hahahaha! No, no, hahah! It's just, ehehe! The transformation, it's still a little, _snort_, buggy! There's no pain when transforming, but it tickles like crazy!"

Jason smiles. "Heh. The ultimate tickle-weapon. I notice too that you stayed your original height, so you're a bit shorter than the actual Belial. Is that a bug, too?"

Phoebe quickly recovers from the ticklish sensations poking at her armpits and other sensitive areas. After she wipes a few tears of laughter away, she nods.

"This isn't supposed to be an infiltration device, remember? I don't need to look exactly like Samantha, after all. But currently, no matter what you transform into, you still maintain your original height."

"Considering the point was to allow humans to transform into huge, powerful Orcs and Trolls, we'll definitely need to get that flaw ironed out. Oh, and the whole tickle thing, too." Jason says.

Phoebe reverts back to her original self, and after once again bursting into a round of furious giggles, gives her husband a kiss and skips away, clearly happy due to the Power Glove's relative success.

Jason purses his lips after she leaves.

"The gauntlets won't be ready in time. But that's fine. I've made plenty of preparations. I'll just keep making more."

...

A few days later, Jason steps into the Core, only to blink in surprise when he finds Hope and Annette there, overseeing the reinforcement of the Core's internal structure.

"Hope! You're... you're up and about?" Jason asks, shooting curious looks at his clone.

The second Wordsmith barely glances at his original body before turning away.

"I am."

"Ah. I thought you'd need some more time for yourself." Jason says. "But it's good to see you walking-"

"I'm not here to chit-chat." Hope snaps, interrupting Jason. "Since I _know_ you're wondering, I'll just say that my nightmares haven't gone away, and neither have those terrible cold sweats. Every night, I can feel the sensation of a hacksaw cutting through my flesh and bone. It's honestly fucking horrifying and I hate it, but I'm not a soft little pansy like you, so here I am."

Hope gestures broadly to the Core.

"Maybe _you_ would be the kind of guy to lay in bed all goddamn day, feeling sorry for yourself, but I'm just _pissed._ I'm going to make sure nobody else suffers and dies. I've already started reinforcing the walls of the Core to ensure no other friends of mine get buried alive in a collapse. I've also placed dozens of soul restrictions on the area so Ose and Mephisto can't just fuck about in here whenever they want."

Jason's eyes twitch at his clone's words.

"I already did all of that, though. I reinforced the Core's walls and put soul-restriction-"

"Well it wasn't enough!" Hope yells, turning to face Jason. "It's never enough! But thank the Creator I'm here! I'll make sure to clean up after you, like I always do. And when the demons come and you chicken out, I'll kill them all myself!"

Jason sighs. "Right. Well, you can rest assured, Hope. I won't be letting the demons off easy, this time."

"Liar." Hope mutters. "You think you're different, but you're not. You already want to recruit the Hell of Lust to work with us. I hear they'll arrive tomorrow. What, Phoebe isn't enough for you, so now you want to chase some succubi tail, too? You disgust me."

"I am different." Jason acknowledges. "But so are you. You've become even more extreme. If we piss off the demons and they launch an all-out attack, I can probably defeat them, kill their leaders, and so on. But it would weaken humanity greatly. You're not looking at the bigger picture, Hope. Once we send the demons scattering, we still have two massive, unresolved alien threats on our horizon. Don't be so short-sighted!"

"Short-sighted?!" Hope yells. "The demons killed your daughter, they killed Kar, and they killed millions of our people! I'm not being short-sighted, you're just being soft, as usual."

With that, the two Wordsmiths can only glare at each other and split apart, ultimately leaving their conflict unresolved.

After Jason walks away from Hope, he sighs.

"I want to argue my points, but every time I look at Hope, I feel so terrible, and so guilty about what happened. He's wrong, but how can I say that to him? The man got tortured until his mind almost snapped. I can hardly blame him for his pent-up rage and fear."

Shana materializes beside Jason.

[He not angry. He very sad.]

"Hope is?" Jason asks.

Shana nods. [Hope sad. Want cry. Can't cry. Too much hurt.]

Jason nods slowly.

"Yeah... that's about what I expected."

...

Even more time passes.

While Jason, Phoebe, Hope, and so many others hurry to build up humanity's defenses, Belial continues dealing with the sick and infirm. As part of her daily rituals, she heaves a great sigh, then transforms into a pretty, dark-skinned human girl with black hair.

"Ugh." Belial groans. "Now that Lily has arrived on Tarus II, this transformation is _so_ awkward. Hopefully, she won't see me like this. My appearance is different enough from hers, but I know she's seen me in this form before."

The succubus smiles, in spite of her embarrassment.

"Hee-hee! I haven't seen Lily in a couple of years. I bet she's cuter now than ever before. I should pay her a visit at some point."

Belial dons a white vest and slacks, then sashays over to a small, simple, but comfortable looking house on the northern side of the Fortress of Retribution. Along the way, she passes many newly constructed buildings, all of them possessing slightly different yet mostly similar aesthetics.

These houses, industrial complexes, stores, and other such facilities all appear surprisingly high-tech, with sleek steel exteriors, large glass windows reinforced to withstand bomb blasts, and flashy paint-jobs designed to give the upcoming city a unique, never before seen identity.

Many of the buildings still have a utilitarian and cube-like appearance, but with the way the city's chief architects arrange the cubes, sometimes stacking them on top of each other, while other times offsetting them to leave gaps between buildings, this gives the city a largely interconnected feeling. Large busses travel around at set intervals, transporting people while leaving plenty of room for foot traffic. An elevated train conduit allows for future expansion, so that people can quickly ship goods to and from the Warpgate, far to the west.

Of course, the Fortress of Retribution is only the first planned city for Tarus II. Once it has reached a certain population saturation, smaller towns will spring up around its outskirts, along with farms, manufacturing plants, and other such facilities suitable for more rural areas.

Unique to Tarus II's urban design, hundreds of drones quietly fly about in the skies, traveling to and from construction projects. Thanks to these drones, the humans are able to quickly and efficiently erect new structures, building their way toward housing for all, from the weak to the strong.

Belial passes several daycares, where people send their children to play around and frolic while their parents work on the rebuilding efforts. Once the city reaches a certain point, schools will become more omnipresent, though that won't be for several more months.

"Huh. It's really all coming together." Belial mutters, as she walks beneath the awning of a neighborhood store.

Unlike the world Jason grew up on, food scarcity is not an issue on Tarus II. Thanks to several magical devices capable of rapidly growing edible plants, along with breeding grounds for fat pig-like beasts, there is more than enough food for everyone. And since money isn't a thing either, the only worry is how to distribute the food to people properly. Phoebe solves the problem through the use of mechanized grocery 'stores' where anyone can walk in, take the food they need for free, and leave. 

Belial observes these societal shifts and chuckles.

"These advancements are only possible because of the Wordsmith. Even when humanity advanced rapidly during the Energy Wars, they still faced countless food and supply shortages. Perhaps, if Jason hadn't frozen himself back then... no, not 'perhaps, but 'for sure.' I think it would have been a guaranteed victory for humanity if he had fought on their side. Once Jason realized his full potential, humanity would have exploded in power. Neither the demons nor the Volgrim could have stopped him."

Belial continues traveling north. Ultimately, she reaches the outside of a small stone house, decorated with plants, vines, and other greenery to make it feel warm and cozy.

She pauses outside the door. After taking a deep breath, she pushes it open and steps inside.

"Hi-hi!" Belial exclaims, putting on a smile and a cheerful personality. "Cassy-cas! Are you in here? It's me, Lily!"

Belial enters the house to find it as dark as always, with the blinds closed tightly. This time, though, Cassiel sits on the bed, instead of in the corner of the room. She rests her chin on her knees, while gloomily staring at a figurine of a ballerina, spinning around slowly on a wooden platform.

In the darkness of the room, a faint, reddish glow emanates from Cassiel's body. Having recovered some of her angelic power, the energy inside her, forcefully shoved inside her soul over millennia by Gressil, appears a bit less vivid than before, yet still visibly demonic.

The angel girl doesn't clutch her legs as tightly as she did two weeks ago. Instead, her arms casually rest at her side, as if having lost their strength. When Belial approaches, Cassiel's eyes only flick to look at her for a moment, before returning to the spinning ballerina-toy.

"Hm? Raphael, Michael, Gabriel, and Uriel aren't here today?" Belial asks out loud, momentarily confused. Inwardly, she sighs in annoyance. _We agreed someone would always stay with Cassiel to keep her company!_

Belial takes note of Soleil sitting in a chair beside Cassiel's bed, but the construct-angel only smiles at Belial, yet doesn't say anything.

To Belial's surprise, Cassiel very slightly shakes her head, in response to Belial's question. She doesn't say anything, but then again, since her rescue, she never has.

The fact she actually makes an effort to reply, even in such a minute way, makes a pretty smile spread across the succubi's face.

"Well, that's great!" Belial chirps. "Now we get to spend some time alone, just you, me, and Soleil! It sure is pesky, always having someone else around, don't you think?"

The moment Belial posits that random hypothetical question, her heart lurches.

_Shit! How insensitive! Why would I say something like that? This poor girl has been living the most lonely of existences for over a hundred thousand years! I shouldn't just run my mouth flippantly!_

Feeling momentarily guilty, Belial starts to open her mouth to say something else, but to her surprise, Cassiel speaks instead, her voice barely a whisper.

"...Yes."

The angel doesn't say anything else. Neither does she look at Belial, instead keeping her eyes fixed on the toy ballerina. Even so, Belial feels a momentary thrill.

"Oh! You talked! That's great!"

She walks over and gently sits down on the far corner of the bed, while flashing a big smile at Cassiel.

"Your voice is so pretty. I love to hear it! Want to hear about my day, so far? I was over at the hospital, taking care of patients, when this funny old man played a trick on me!"

Belial starts regaling Cassiel with a story involving her patients, then follows up with another, and another.

The whole time, Cassiel doesn't say a word, nor does she look at the 'human' girl babbling to her. Belial single-handedly sucks up all the conversational momentum, which seems to suit Cassiel just fine, as she never speaks anyway.

Hours pass.

Belial continues talking, but at some point, her throat starts to turn raw from her nonstop babbling. Eventually, she falls silent, having run out of mundane topics.

"Hoooo... my jaw is starting to hurt..." Belial mutters, before standing up and walking over to a sink. She pours herself a cup of water and chugs it quickly, enjoying the cool sensation soothing her throat.

She walks back over and sits on the bed. This time, she doesn't say anything, and neither does Cassiel.

The two of them remain like that for a surprisingly long time, neither speaking up to break the silence.

After thirty full minutes, Belial clears her throat.

"Hey... have you been doing alright?"

She stares at Cassiel only for a few moments at a time before looking away, taking care not to make her uncomfortable. Even so, Cassiel doesn't meet her gaze, or reply.

"I know it's been... hard on you." Belial mutters. "But I just want you to know I'm here for you, okay? You can tell me anything. No matter if it hurts or not."

For a brief moment, Cassiel flicks her eyes in Belial's general direction. She quickly looks away again, saying nothing.

Belial chews her lip. She slides a little closer to Cassiel on the bed and reaches out her hand.

"Cassiel, if you don't speak, you'll never be able to let out the hurt in your heart. I know it's scary to do, but..."

The succubus stretches out her arm. She extends one finger and gently presses on Cassiel's knee.

The moment Belial's makes contact, Cassiel tenses up.

An instant later, the angel girl violently pulls back, shoving herself backward on the bed with her feet. Her eyes flash with panic, and she opens her mouth.

"AaAAaEEeiiIIiiiieee!!"

A horrible, high-pitched shriek erupts from the depths of her throat, jarring Belial's senses and scaring her silly. The succubus also pulls away, while her eyes widen in fear.

"Hreeen!!! Haaaahhiiiee!!"

Incomprehensible cries of fear and panic leave Cassiel's mouth. In her mind, the slight touch of her leg sparks countless horrifying memories of when Gressil also 'touched' her, violated her, and hurt her in ways no person should ever have to endure.

Belial falls off the bed. Her butt hits the floor. She quickly jumps up, panicking at Cassiel's unexpected reaction.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I didn't mean-"

"AaaEEghhllaa!"

Cassiel hastily jumps off the bed and dives to the corner of the room, wrapping herself in her wings. She shivers and shakes, while nonstop screaming in terror.

"Nnnaaauughh!"

"Aaaah!"

"Aaeeihh!"

Seeing Cassiel scream and panic, Belial practically loses her mind. Waves of guilt and panic sweep across her face, making her freeze up, not knowing what to do.

"Ah! Ah! C-calm down, Cassy! It's okay! Nobody's hurting you! It's just me here, just me!"

While Belial struggles to deal with Cassiel's outbursts of terror, Soleil calmly stands up from her chair. She steps on the bed, walks across it, and hops off to the other side. She drops down to Cassiel's level, and without saying a word, gently strokes the angel's head.

Cassiel's cries grow quieter and quieter, until Soleil gently embraces Cassiel. She pulls the angel in close and hugs her, rocking Cassiel back and forth while remaining perfectly silent.

Not long after, Cassiel stops screaming. Her eyes shut, and she seemingly falls asleep in Soleil's arms.

With the patience of a loving mother, Soleil continues to rock Cassiel from side to side. She turns her head to smile at Belial, then nods.

"Please leave."

The construct's words stab into Belial's heart, but all she can do is dumbly nod, turn around, and step outside.

Once she closes the door, Belial staggers a few feet away, then drops to the ground, collapsing as her legs lose their strength. She tries to stifle her tears, but ultimately fails, breaking out into quiet sobs.

"Uuuu... stupid, stupid... useless Belial... you always mess things up... uuuuu..."

Guilt wracks her mind. She replays the moment where she touched Cassiel's leg, mentally berating her own stupidity for pushing the angel too quickly.

While Soleil takes care of Cassiel and Belial bursts into uncontrollable sobbing, unbeknownst to either of them, a legion of demons approaches the Labyrinth Core, their numbers endless and overwhelming.

Soon, the Battle for the Core will begin.