Part 446: The Chaos Culprit
Part 446: The Chaos Culprit

Soleil's declaration sucks the wind out of the room. The gazes of every observer present become filled with suspicion.

The first person to speak turns out to be Rosalia, watching from the sidelines.

"I think the culprit should be obvious. Those bugs attacked the children out of nowhere, yes? Doesn't that seem suspicious to any of you?"

Belial's frown deepens. "Bug manipulators aren't uncommon. Emperor Kiari is one such example. But obviously she's an Emperor, and a kind soul. She'd have no reason to do this. Especially if the motive was to..."

Belial pauses. She turns to Linda.

"Contact the Lazarus Overseer. Phoebe and Jason just left, but she likely left someone to check the souls inside. Have the children's souls arrived inside its confines?"

Linda nods. "One moment, let me contact him."

She speaks into her helmet's transciever, and after a minute of waiting, she turns back to Belial.

"No new souls have entered the Lazarus Tower. Those children were..."

"Devoured." Belial hisses. "Someone ate their souls! How barbaric!"

"I thought demons couldn't eat souls directly anymore?" Private Kittel says. "Don't they require a necromancer's help to do that?"

"No." Belial says quietly. "There are... rare methods. Beelzebub, for example. He can consume souls through the use of Soulfire. In the Ancient Era, there was even a demon who could grant the power to devour souls to lesser demons. But he's been dead for a hundred millennia..."

"That doesn't mean a new way hasn't been discovered." Rosalia says, 'helpfully' redirecting the conversation. "What if one of the Hidden Emperors came up with a different method?"

"It's within the realm of possibility." Belial says. "Rosalia, I assigned you to this room. What happened when you came in?"

Rosalia chews her lower lip and scrunches her face up in concentration.

"Well... the children were crying, they were in pain. Then one by one, they stopped moving. At the time I thought they had passed out from the pain, which is why I went to get you. But, in all likelihood, they were probably already..."

"Already dead." Belial says, finishing the sentence. "Chaos Energy. Gressil must be involved with this. But he's an Emperor. And a loner. He doesn't have any reason to suck up souls!"

"Maybe we're going about this the wrong way." Leeroy, the Duke of Restoration interjects. "There is one culprit who fits the bill. Someone capable of turning invisible and hiding his soul signature. Someone capable of stealing souls directly..."

Linda's expression turns grim. "You think Mephisto did this?"

"Who else?" Leeroy asks. "Nobody saw the culprit enter. Someone killed those children while only Rosalia was in the room. To be that adept at infiltration, they must have been a master of deception."

"I was preoccupied at the time." Rosalia helpfully adds. "I _was_ mixing that antitoxin solution like you ordered, Samantha. I looked away for a few seconds. Maybe, in that moment..."

Belial closes her eyes.

"How evil. How vile. To think three children would die on my watch. I never even felt his presence..."

While the group debates over what foul, heinous fiend could have killed the three little girls, Cassiel and Soleil remain conspicuously silent.

Heaven's Daughter numbly stares at the children she failed to save, while her construct companion seemingly gazes around the room, recording and observing every nook and cranny.

"Where is the solution?" Soleil suddenly asks, directing her words at Rosalia.

"Pardon?" Rosalia asks.

"The antitoxin solution." Soleil clarifies. "Did you inject the children with it? And if not, where is it now?"

Rosalia blinks twice. She reaches into her pocket and fumbles around, then pulls out a small vial on antivenom.

"When I turned around, the girls had already stopped making noise." Rosalia explains. "So I rushed out to get Samantha. I didn't have time to inject them with it."

As Rosalia holds up the vial, the construct quickly leans forward and snatches it from her grasp. Not bothering to ask permission, Soleil's keen, analytical eyes zoom in on the atomic composition of the compound.

She nods.

"This solution is adequate. You prepared it well. A shame you didn't get to apply it in time... perhaps it would have saved their lives."

Rosalia nods. She shrugs helplessly. "Perhaps... if I wasn't so useless."

"Don't be so hard on yourself." Linda says quietly. "You did the best you could, Rosalia. Everyone, I have to leave. I need to report this development to Neil and the other higher-ups. Please write down your statements so we can document what exactly happened for later."

Private Kittel nods. "Yes ma'am."

So do Belial and the others.

With a brusque nods, Linda turns and stomps out of the room, frustration evidenced by her footsteps.

After she departs, the others remain behind. They mill around, uncertain about what to do.

"Someone should contact their parents..." Lily finally says. "I knew these girls. I'll do it."

Leeroy nods. "Rosalia, can you dress them in something more... substantial? Let us try to preserve their dignity in death."

"Of course." Rosalia says. "Let me go fetch some hospital gowns. I'll be back in a minute."

She leaves the room, and the others continue discussing the deaths in her absence.

"Something simply doesn't add up here." Soleil says. "Chaos Energy is Gressil's domain, not Mephisto's. It's possible the Necromancer has obtained a portion of it, but my discussions with Archangel Raphael have revealed that Chaos Energy rarely ever appears. During the battle against Beelzebub, he released a massive burst of Chaos Energy during his detonation due to the negative emotions flooding his soul. But only Gressil can wield Chaos Energy with practiced ease, on command."

"What are you saying?" Belial asks.

"I am not willing to make any definitive statements at this time." Soleil clarifies. "However, I believe that Gressil is the actual perpetrator. I wager that he may have one or more agents working under him to attack humanity. These children... they will likely be the first of many to fall victim to the Emperor of Chaos."

"You don't think Mephisto is at fault?" Leeroy asks.

"Of course Mephisto might be the culprit." Soleil says. "But I wager the chance of this being the case is below five percent."

"We'll need to conduct an investigation." Private Kittel says. "I'll go and fetch a few people I know. Lieutenant Samuel is pretty good at sniffing out demonic criminals..."

The male soldier turns on his heel and stomps away, leaving behind an ever-decreasing number of people to gaze upon the deceased children.

With only Belial, Leeroy, Lily, Cassiel, and Soleil left, a solemn atmosphere takes over.

"Cassiel." Belial finally says. "You did well today. Thank you for saving the children. Please don't blame yourself for what happened."

"Yeah," Lily says. "You passed out from exhaustion getting them here. That was really impressive! Compared to you, I was totally useless."

Cassiel smiles, but the expression comes off as forced.

"I need to sit down. I'll be out in the hall."

She and Soleil depart. They take care to quietly don their human disguises so as to not draw any further unwanted attention to themselves.

Once they leave, Lily turns to look at Belial.

"So. Um, Samantha."

"Hello, Lily." Belial says. "It's been a few years. You're cuter than ever."

"A few years?" Lily asks. "Am I that forgettable?"

"What do you mean?" Belial asks.

"What do _you_ mean?" Lily echoes. "You and I tongue-locked back on Hell Harbor only a couple months ago. Remember? Before that whole Stormbringer fiasco?"

Belial cocks her head. "I don't remember that. Are you sure it was me?"

"Of course!" Lily exclaims. "How could I forget? You shapeshifted right in front of me! Said you were looking for Ose's estate."

More confused than ever, Belial awkwardly scratches the back of her head. "I... think that was someone else, Lily. I would _never_ go looking for Ose."

"Puh-lease!" Lily laughs. "How many people do YOU know who can shape-shift in seconds?"

Belial shrugs. "The Wordsmiths can."

"Well it couldn't have been a Wordsmith!" Lily bellows. "It was totally you, and now you're messing with me!"

She pauses.

"Though, it WAS a little weird that you'd choose to look like Mara..."

"You're saying I impersonated Mara?" Belial repeats. "Then I morphed into 'myself,' asked you to take me to Ose, but also made out with you?"

"Well, I mean, _I_ was the one who made out with _you_..." Lily says, feeling less and less sure of what she experienced as more evidence comes to light. "Oh my god... that person really was a Wordsmith, weren't they?"

"The timelines do add up." Belial nods. "Jason went to Hell Harbor to talk to Ose. I was unconscious, at the time. I kinda had the shit kicked out of me."

Leeroy, watching from the side, raises his eyebrows as he listens to the women talk. "You two have such _fascinating_ love lives. I'll be out in the hallway if you need me."

Without waiting for a response, he darts out the door, where he bumps into Rosalia returning with clothes for the children.

"Best to give those two a bit of privacy." Leeroy says, while noticing a strange look on Rosalia's face. "They need to discuss some private... are you alright, Rosalia? You look as if you've seen a ghost."

Rosalia blinks. "Me? I'm fine, Leeroy. Just a bit shaken up. It really started to hit me... what happened to those children, you know? So terrible..."

"Indeed." Leeroy mutters. "Truly unforgivable. The day we find the perpetrator, I'll beat them so bloody not even my magic will be able to repair their brain damage."

"Right, ah, same." Rosalia mutters. "Same..."

---

[Where are you taking me? We should head into the Labyrinth at once.]

"Patience, ancient Psion. You alone are not a match for the Envoy of Chaos. We will require additional assistance. Someone specializing in hunting his kind down."

[Are you implying that my power is not enough to kill a mere Demon Emperor?]

"If we were only facing a 'mere' Demon Emperor, then I would not utter such a claim."

Buddha and Creator Demila slowly walk up the northern ramp leading into the Fortress of Retribution's upper plateau. Built recently under the efforts of several Burrower demon grunts, this ramp, and several others, allow for more entry points into humanity's one and only capital city. Indeed, as the man and Psion walk, they pass by dozens of humans, monsters and demons. Yet, not one person so much as looks at them, thanks to Demila deliberately shrouding their existence with her psionic powers.

Invisible to the outside world, they walk among the populace of Tarus II without even a single entity recording their presences. Before long, the reach the top and start to pass by the hospital.

Buddha glances in the hospital's direction for half a moment before shaking his head and continuing forward.

[Something on your mind?] Demila asks suspiciously, unable to read Buddha's thoughts. She scans the hospital, but finds nothing of interest.

"I was thinking of bringing someone else along." Buddha says cryptically. But... her assistance will not be necessary. I have another candidate in mind."

[You refer to Emperor Belial.] Demila states. [I heard she battled Emperor Gressil and nearly defeated him on her own. An impressive feat, given his ability to suppress magical energy.]

"Belial. Mmm." Buddha says, neither confirming nor denying Demila's suspicions. "She would certainly be able to help us, but the person I have in mind... well, you should know his name. He was a thorn in the Volgrim's side for quite a while..."

Demila narrows her eyes. [Who do you speak of?]

But Buddha does not answer.

Instead, he continues walking, acting as if she has not spoken at all. While this does greatly irritate the powerful Psion, she nonetheless has no choice but to follow Buddha's lead. After all, she cannot track down the Emperor of Chaos with her own abilities, and so, she is forced to either follow him or go off and do her own thing.

Buddha walks through the streets, making his way toward a certain restaurant located in the city's center. Famed for cooking the best food in all of Tarus II, the _Horned Maître_ stands five stories tall, well above its contemporaries. Not only does its physical size dwarf other restaurants, but so do its prices and quality. None can even come close to matching the skill of its highly-trained chefs.

At Buddha's signal, Demila lowers the invisibility field protecting them. The former Hero walks up to the front door, where a pair of minotaur guards immediately spot him, as well as the Psion behind him.

"...Tokens." One of the guards states.

"I'm not here to eat, today." Buddha says, while mildly smiling at the bullheaded monster. "I'm here to see a certain someone."

"What floor?" The minotaur asks.

"Fourth." Buddha answers. "And no, I don't have an appointment."

He informs the minotaur of this particular individual's name, causing Demila to raise her eyebrows.

After confirming a few things, the guards open the doors and allow Buddha and Demila inside without charging them the standard entry fee. Buddha leads her up three flights of stairs, and eventually, they arrive at the fourth floor of five.

The Horned Maître's fourth floor might not be as prestigious as the fifth, but only the most elite humans, monsters, and demons can afford to eat there. Even with room for eighty guests across all of the tables, they typically never seat more than twenty people on even a busy day.

Indeed, just one person sits at a table, quietly munching on some delicious roasted meat from a locally hunted animal native to Tarus II. This dark-skinned fellow pauses his eating when he sees the sight of a Psion approaching him.

[Benjamin Brown.] Demila says. [The legendary leader of the Vanguards. Somehow, I forgot you were still alive.]

Benjamin only pauses his eating for a brief moment. He glances at Demila, then Buddha, before placing another forkful of meat into his mouth. He slowly chews the delicious, tangy beef while giving the two of them an annoyed look.

"I am busy." Benjamin says. "I've no interest in talking to _your eminence_. Or the Asian fellow beside you."

"Japanese." Buddha clarifies. "Technically."

"Don't care." Benjamin says, while taking another bite. "Do you mind? This meal costs an arm and a leg. I'd like to savor every bite before it gets cold."

Buddha smiles. His eyes curve into crescents as he walks over and sits on the opposite side of the table, gesturing for Demila to take the seat beside him. The Psion rolls all six of her eyes and teleports to the seat, leaning back to cross her arms.

"By all means." Buddha says. "Continue eating, Mister Brown. I'll do all the talking."

"Somehow, I doubt that." Benjamin growls, visibly aggravated by the interruption.

"We require your assistance." Buddha says. "There is a grave threat facing humanity, right now. An enemy we must kill. You are the perfect person to help take him down."

Benjamin take another bite. He chews it slowly, licks his lips, and then takes another long, slow bite.

After twenty seconds of silence, he swallows the meat.

"Not interested. Apologies, _sir_, but I'm not a soldier. Not anymore. Just in case your eyes don't work, I'm _old_. I gave up fighting tens of millennia ago."

"Out of necessity." Buddha says, still smiling. "But you're not the type of man for whom the battle ever truly ends. You can only lie to yourself... tell yourself the war is over. It never is."

"I have children. Many children." Benjamin says. "Most of them are grown-up. Off doing their own thing. But Lily's my youngest. I'm not going to go out and swing my fists around like some meathead. I expect her to come home and still find her father in one piece."

"You care about your daughter." Buddha says. "A great deal."

"Of course..." Benjamin says, frowning even while slicing apart another piece of his exotic steak. "Every father does."

"I was never able to... enjoy the delight of becoming a father." Buddha says, his smile slipping, ever so slightly. "But I know what it means to love someone. To have them torn away by forces outside my control. If you don't help us, it's likely a terrible tragedy will befall humanity. All of its members... including your daughter."

"Motherfucker." Benjamin snaps, his eyes narrowing to slits. "Are you threatening me?"

Buddha casually waves his hand. "By no means. I'm warning you that if you don't help us take this individual down, he will wreak havoc across humanity's defenses. He may even bring about its extinction. He is the Envoy of Chaos... and he needs to be stopped."

Benjamin finally pauses his eating upon hearing the gravity in Buddha's tone.

"Envoy of Chaos? Are you trying to get me involved with fighting _Gressil?_"

"Precisely him." Buddha nods.

"Aw, _hell_ no." Benjamin groans. "That demon is one of the most dangerous creatures in the galaxy. Ose feared him, and so do I. You know he killed Emperor Lucifer when he was only a Baron, right? Most demons aren't aware of that fact. Nobody even knows how he did it!"

"He is formidable." Buddha acknowledges. "But so are you."

"I _was._ Once." Benjamin says bitterly. "But that was a long time ago. Now I'm just an old man, half a foot in the grave. I'm not a fighter anymore. Why don't you bug the goddamn Wordsmith?"

"The Wordsmiths are both incapable of killing Gressil at this time." Buddha says, drawing a look of surprise from Demila. "But you are different. Your body was forged to fight Demon Emperors. Your mind is more resilient than any other human. Gressil's ability to nullify magic will have no effect on you. As for physical strength, you are his equal."

Buddha gestures to Demila.

"Besides. You will have a 7th Level Psion taking the lead. Your role will only be to assist her."

"And what about you?" Benjamin asks. "What's your role in all this? And who even are you, anyway?"

Buddha smiles.

"Long ago, in an age before the age when you were born, I was known as Siddhartha Gautama. I am Buddha."

[He is the Unkillable Hero.] Demila says, though her tone comes off somewhat insulting. [He has reincarnated dozens, perhaps even hundreds of times. Always, he possesses some new body, with this being his current form.]

"Buddha!" Benjamin exclaims, mildly surprised. "I've heard of you. Didn't know you were a Hero, though. Just assumed you were some old historical figure. Some guy the Hindus worshipped."

"A shallow understanding." Buddha chuckles. "But then again, you _were_ born and raised in America."

"The land of the free, home of the brave." Benjamin grunts.

He returns to eating his food, but a thoughtful expression plays upon his face. After a dozen bites and just as many minutes of silence, he lifts his gaze to the two seated before him.

"You, uh... you really think the three of us can take on Gressil? Because if I get shipped back to my little girl in a body bag... you'd best hope we never run into each other in the Great Beyond. I'll tear your undying ass a new hole."

"Unfortunate circumstances can always occur." Buddha says. "Such is the strength of Chaos. But with your help, we will be capable of ending Gressil's terror once and for all."

"Why not bring a whole army?" Benjamin asks. "Why only the three of us?"

"Too many people and Gressil will flee. What we need is quality, not quantity." Buddha explains. "We must catch the Emperor of Chaos unawares and trick him into thinking he can easily take us down. Only then will we be able to spring a trap and end his threat."

"Mmm."

Benjamin says nothing else until he finally finishes off his plate of food. Then, he leans back in his chair and sighs contentedly.

"Ahh... damn. That might have been my last meal. Oh well. At least it was a good one."

He stares up at the ceiling for a full minute. Then he closes his eyes.

"Alright. I'm in."