Part 330: Grand Assembly's Conclusion
Part 330: Grand Assembly's Conclusion

Founder Dosena folds her hands behind her back. She levitates a meter above the Founder's Platform and assumes a dignified pose.

[Our species faces multiple existential threats. In addition to the Kolvaxians and the Wordsmith, the First Emperor of Demonkind has also made an appearance, shortly following the conclusion of the Battle for Hell Harbor.]

Dosena pauses to allow the other Volgrim to mentally acknowledge her words before continuing.

[Our galaxy is changing. As Founder Unarin mentioned before, during the battle against the Cherubiim, the demons succeeded in momentarily breaking through the barrier of Demon Emperor. We previously believed this feat impossible, yet it seems the demons are also capable of becoming a Founder-level threat, just like the Wordsmith and the Kolvaxians. We cannot remain complacent or assume the elites of our people will save us all. There are only so many brilliant minds to go around, and far more advancements we must make if we hope to weather this storm.]

Dosena holds up her hand. An object materializes in her grasp, one she takes great care not to touch. A faint but noticeable pressure emanates from it, one which all the Psions can detect, though the other sub-species cannot.

[This is a Heroic Artifact.] Dosena states. [It is Solomon's Crown, previously thought lost during Earth's destruction. It is an artifact capable of toppling empires... and through a stroke of good fortune, it has landed in our hands.]

Solomon's Crown slowly revolves as it hovers above Dosena's palm. She gazes at it for a moment, deliberately drawing attention to its beautiful jewel-encrusted surface, before waving it away, back to an unknown location.

[Unfortunately, according to our informant, Solomon's Crown was already found by the Wordsmith. Due to unknown reasons, it has left his possession, but even so, our informant has confirmed that Jason Hiro was able to utilize its Errant Soul to bolster his mind. King Solomon was a human Hero known for transferring vast amounts of knowledge to select humans capable of inheriting his knowledge. Many famous human inventors became known for their accomplishments, thanks to Solomon's influence. Shortly before the Energy Wars began, during the three-hundred cycle 'Ascension Period' which led to humanity's rise, Solomon was a main player in building up his entire species. The fact that the Wordsmith has obtained his favor likely means he is also a super-intelligent lifeform, one we cannot afford to underestimate.]

[How will we rise up to our modern challenges?] Dosena asks. [With as many as three Founder-level threats on the horizon, our resources have never been stretched more thinly. We have spent tens of thousands of cycles investigating Marie Becker's Neutron Bombs, yet we have been unable to replicate the method she uses to empower them to a level capable of annihilating worlds. Our best scientists can only confirm the energy she uses to make them is magical in nature. Whether she has obtained access to some hitherto unknown region of subspace with magical energy to spare, or she has created a unique conversion process, our problems remain the same. We are forced to rely on her to contain the Plague, and her output is far too insufficient to meet our needs.]

[It is time for the juniors of our civilization to rise to the occasion.] Dosena says. [The second measure we Founders have agreed to take is that we will institute a broadened reward system for any capable scientist or inventor capable of contributing to the war effort.]

Dosena waves her hand again, summoning images of the same spherical devices Jason once observed inside Marie Becker's observatory.

[Junior scientists and Technopaths, generally speaking, cannot design weapons or devices that are superior to the ones made by their betters. The youngest of our people are simply too inexperienced to make a large difference on their own. However, we hope to be proven wrong. Until the Kolvaxian threat, the Wordsmith, and the demons have been fully dealt with, the Founders are prepared to offer a tenfold increase in War Provisions to any young mind capable of advancing our technological and scientific capabilities.]

[If anyone in our Empire can replicate Marie Becker's Neutron Bombs, or if they can create devices that improve our fighting power and lethality against the Plague, not only will that person receive enhanced rewards, but so too will their teachers and those who uplifted them! This will incentivize those who are incapable of assisting our Empire themselves to look for the brilliant young minds who will!]

Visible surprise goes up in the crowd. Sangin Kordonis and his crew widen their eyes as Dosena speaks of the shocking rewards they could receive if they were to directly assist the Volgrim Empire.

_A tenfold increase in War Provisions! The Founders truly are the most fair and just among our people!_

He and all the other Volgrim know well how valuable War Provisions are. Unlike simple currency, a single Provision can often only be obtained by an entire group of Volgrim. When a laboratory makes an important discovery or contribution, all of the members will receive one provision, and they will have to vote on the intended use of that Provision to benefit themselves collectively. Almost never do singular individuals receive a Provision, let alone multiple of them.

[As a show of good faith,] Dosena says, [I will immediately issue rewards to those here today who have already earned these new Provision allotments. To Confessor Vulpanix, who bravely battled an unstoppable Founder-class entity and obtained extremely valuable intelligence for our Empire, we grant her... five Provisions!]

A roar goes up in the audience as several ancient Volgrim cry out in shock and delight. So generous is Dosena's first reward that many of the youngest Volgrim present, those elites who have only earned a handful of Provisions in their entire lives, turn purple with envy.

[In addition,] Dosena continues, [Were it not for the Confessor's discovery inside of Marie Becker's laboratory, we might not have become aware of the Errant Soul infiltrating her premises. We grant her one additional Provision for this discovery. Any soul capable of evading a Confessor's grasp is one we must be highly wary of.]

As the crowd continues to become more and more restless, Dosena issues additional declarations. [For their valiant fight against the Cherubiim, we are also issuing three War Provisions to every ship that escaped alive from the unified Archangels. While fleeing is dishonorable, fighting a losing battle is not. We require every possible ship to combat the Kolvaxians, and the Confessor's quick thinking saved a portion of her fleet.]

[The increased rewards do not only pertain to those who make important scientific and technological improvements to our society, nor only to those who fight valiantly, but also those who provide us actionable intelligence on our enemies, to that end, I have further rewards planned for some other noteworthy figures.]

[Sangin Kordonis. You will receive two War Provisions for your detailed analysis of the 'Heroic Anomaly' inside the Hell Harbor sector. You and your crew will receive five Provisions, as well, for their efforts against the Anomaly.]

[To the informant who delivered Solomon's Crown to the Founders, we grant them ten War Provisions. Their detailed report has yet to be fully examined, but the inside information regarding the Wordsmith and his allies will undoubtedly prove crucial in our efforts going forward.]

Dosena issues several additional provisions to various Volgrim, making their hearts surge with pride. Once she completes her declarations, the Second Founder returns to other matters.

[Next, we will discuss the Wordsmith's war capabilities. I have personally investigated the star-logs relating to the unexpected supernova event in the Polaris system which occurred six orbital cycles ago. Now that we have uncovered the truth of the matter, I reopened the data files related to that event and discovered some interesting facts the delegates here may appreciate.]

[First, the Polaris star was still billions of cycles from entering a supernova phase. Upon discovering that the Wordsmith caused its ignition, I believed that he must have inserted a tremendous amount of energy into it to overload it. However...]

Dosena turns her head to look at Founder Treyza. The Head Changeling takes a step forward and speaks.

"The Polaris star's final moments before its supernova ignition were highly irregular. Based upon measurements we took, we did not detect any spikes of extreme energy within its core. Instead, we believe the Wordsmith may have altered the star's 'causal state,' rapidly aging it several billion years and causing a supernova event in only a few micro-time units. This indicates the Wordsmith might not possess an incredible wellspring of power like the ancient Hero, King Arthur, but instead can alter the fabric of reality itself. Depending on one's viewpoint, this can be much better or much worse than a high mana potential."

[According to Emperor Ose,] Dosena says, [The Wordsmith has recently obtained a Heroic artifact of unimaginable power. Based upon her description, we originally surmised that this artifact was none other than Excalibur, but that artifact continues to remain safely under guard inside our secure vaults. Whatever artifact the Wordsmith has come to possess, it seems to rival Excalibur's might, which does not bode well. A Hero who can rewrite reality, but who also possesses a large pool of mana, can either become a formidable ally or an unstoppable enemy.] 

Treyza nods along to her words. "We have determined that our best measure to deal with the Wordsmith is by procuring as much intelligence on his movements as possible. To that end, this one will begin assembling its most capable and adept Changelings to assimilate into the culture and society of Tarus II. We will infiltrate the Wordsmith's highest echelons to learn his strengths and weaknesses. We will look into his allies, enemies, and emotional vulnerabilities."

Founder Unarin raises his hand. "Everyone. While I would much prefer to control the Wordsmith directly, I am not so certain we will be able to do so. To that end, I am also drafting up plans to ingratiate him to our cause. We will deliver the equivalent of one hundred War Provisions to his colonies, in the hopes that we will... _reach an understanding._ Unlike the foolish demons who struck at him and made him their blood-enemy, we will first seek to ameliorate the Wordsmith and ensure he thinks of us positively. If he has had contact with Marie Becker, then we may already be too late, but I would prefer any offensive actions come second to diplomatic solutions."

Several Volgrim in the audience cross their arms and scowl. The mere thought of trying to supplicate an inferior mud-dweller doesn't sit right with these haughty elites, but they know better than to question Unarin's decisions.

Unarin continues speaking.

"Now then. There is only one last thing I must bring up before we conclude the Grand Assembly's prepared points and open up the floor for questions."

Unarin pauses. His demeanor changes as he adopts a pensive expression.

"With regards to the worst-case scenario. I want to inform you all that I have begun to consider reactivating the Sentinels."

An abrupt silence swallows the arena. Ten thousand Volgrim freeze up and stare at their leader with looks of horror and fright.

[R-reactivate... the Sentinels?] One of the ancient Psions, a survivor of the Seven Great Wars, asks. [Founder Unarin. Have you lost your mind?!]

"Executor Huron." Unarin says, directing a calm gaze his way. "I have not."

[Why would you ever consider taking such a measure?!] Huron asks, panic in his telepathic voice. [Reactivating the Sentinels would-]

"It would guarantee our extinction." Unarin flatly states. "Make no mistake. I am aware of what will happen. However, in the event the Kolvaxians overrun us, I must consider every option. We defeated the Sentinels once. The Gatekeeper Protocol, or some variant of it, might be able to control them and make them serve us again. At the very least, the Sentinels might kill us all, but they might then take revenge on our behalf, albeit unwittingly, by exterminating our alien enemies. If we're going to die anyway, I would prefer a measure of mutually assured destruction."

The First Founder directs his attention away from Executor Huron to the rest of the assemblage.

"Reviving the Sentinels is not a decision I would ever make lightly. It is our final judgment upon the universe if the Kolvaxians, the Wordsmith, or any other entity threatens our rule. Additionally, you can all feel secure in one important fact."

Unarin gestures to Founder Cuanali.

"Founder Cuanali does not know the location where the Sentinels are stored, nor does any other Volgrim in existence, except for me. However, I do not possess the credentials necessary to release the Sentinels from their containment, and neither do any other Volgrim in our society. Only Cuanali can release them. In order to reactivate the Sentinels, both of us must be present and willing to work with each other. I need not remind you all of the hatred Cuanali holds for the Sentinels, after they annihilated her entire clan, her friends, and her family. More than me, and more than anyone present, no member of our people hates the Sentinels more than the Fourth Founder."

Founder Cuanali stares forward stoically. "I would not willingly release the Sentinels. I will not do so unless there is no other option. I would rather die."

"So, you see," Unarin says, "The Sentinels are our final option, one I'd rather not use... but they do exist, and they cannot be destroyed. Their Living Moldanium bodies make them all but impervious to damage. Releasing indestructible monsters on the modern galaxy would be a disaster unlike any other."

The First Founder sweeps his gaze around the room.

"We have discussed much, today. Do any of you have questions you would like to ask, while your leaders are present? Questions lead to answers, and answers breed knowledge. Nothing is more sacred to us now than ensuring we possess the foundation necessary to deal with our future dilemmas."

Several Volgrim raise their hands. Unarin gestures to a seventh-ranked Psion in one of the nearby levitating platforms.

"Creator Demila, you may speak freely."

The authoritative Psion levitates slightly into the air and nods her head at each of the four Founders.

[It is my honor to attend this assemblage, exalted Founders. I only wish to ask a question of Founder Dosena. Given the threat we face from all of these sources, is there any reason you have not joined the war against the Kolvaxians?]

Dosena crosses her arms. 

[I am the last line of defense for our homeworld. As Founder Unarin and the others have made it clear, we are still not certain if the Kolvaxians are highly intelligent entities waiting for an opportunity to strike, or if they are simply a deadly strain of rapidly mutating parasites. If I were to travel to the high-threat areas of our galaxy and engage in battle, a single Kolvaxian could strike during my absence. By the time I returned, Volgarius may have already fallen.]

Creator Demila nods and returns to her seat.

Other Volgrim chime in with their own questions.

[Founder Treyza! Have we had any success in breeding bio-agents capable of killing Kolvaxians en-masse?]

"Founder Cuanali! What of the advancements in warp technology? Will we ever be able to create Warpgates big enough for ship to pass through? They would prove instrumental in rapidly fortifying the border regions under attack every day."

[Founder Unarin, have you evaluated the humans' capitol world using Order to Chaos?]

That last question hushes much of the crowd as they look to the First Founder, hoping to hear his insight.

Unarin nods slowly at the Psion who asked.

"Indeed, I have. While the world of Tarus II has been recently scarred by battle and made seemingly unrecognizable, I have made several determinations regarding humanity's military tactics, their culture, and their overall cohesion. Observe."

Unarin summons a projection of Tarus II, the very same one he showed earlier, complete with a crater in the center of its main city, and all the destruction surrounding it.

All of the delegates fall silent, waiting to hear their leader's words. As the person who once penned the fabled epic known as Order to Chaos, Founder Unarin is the most uniquely qualified being among his people to comprehend truths about their reality.

Meant to be used as a training manual for enlightened thinkers, Order to Chaos provides a unique insight into Founder Unarin's mind, providing the barest glimpse of how he can discern countless details about other civilizations purely based on how they organize their architecture.

Founder Unarin zooms in on the city from above, creating a photo-realistic map of it for all to see.

"The world of Tarus II once belonged to a Earth-borne entity known as Bahamut, the Sphinx. Through some as-of-yet unknown method, the Wordsmith took control of it from her and made the planet his base. As such, many remnants of Bahamut's previous civilization remain intact, yet we can still discern how the Wordsmith has changed its society to his preferences by comparing its current appearance to outdated planetary scans."

Unarin summons a second image of Tarus II, one that lacks the crater in the center of the Sphinx's city, as well as many fewer buildings.

"Look here, at these triangular formations," Unarin says, pointing at several dozen massive structures. "These are called 'Pyramids' by the former residents of Earth. Bahamut herself once hailed from a land known as Egypt and she favored Egyptian architecture. Even after the detonation of a thermonuclear device, the pyramids only suffered damage to their exterior, yet remained standing. The Wordsmith, after taking over the planet, did not destroy these structures. Curious, wouldn't you say? Might he possess some sort of affinity for the Pyramids? Might he also enjoy the sights of Egyptian architecture?"

Unarin pauses for half-a-beat before shaking his head.

"I think not. Here, you can see other buildings the Wordsmith left behind after taking over. Though broken and shattered by the detonation event, it is clear that they stood there not long before. The Wordsmith did not follow a cardinal rule of empire-crushing; that of destroying monuments built to and for the previous rulers. In order to solidify his reign, Jason Hiro should have destroyed all the important landmarks related to Bahamut in order to ensure her memory would quickly disappear from the minds of her subordinates. Why did he not do this?"

"My hypothesis is simple." Unarin states. "Jason Hiro... is a lazy leader."

Sangin Kordonis frowns after hearing Unarin's declaration.

_Lazy? I can follow the logic, but how did the First Founder reach that conclusion so swiftly?_

"My observations, as always, come from many sources," Unarin says, unhurriedly. "Not only did the Wordsmith not destroy Bahamut's previous structures, but he simply built new ones on top of the old. If you look at this cluster of buildings here, you can see that they are all ugly, squarish boxes. They are purely utilitarian and do not conform to the location's previously established design philosophy. Most likely, the Hero did not have time or did not wish to expend any extra effort to make the new structures blend in with the old. If he were an admirer of Egyptian architecture, he would have gone to greater lengths to make the new structures blend in with the old."

"Therefore," Unarin concludes, "The Wordsmith was either in a rush to construct as much housing and as many buildings as possible to support a booming population, or he is lazy, or perhaps even _both_."

Unarin shrugs.

"Of course, I am only guessing. We will know for certain if I am correct when we eventually meet and confront the Wordsmith in the near future."

The Grand Assembly's attendees rise up to give the First Founder a standing ovation. Like every time in the past that he has displayed his flawless usage of Order to Chaos, he once again dazzles them with his superior tactical insight, a gift that has won them countless wars over millions of years.

"All hail Unarin!"

[Our Founders are wise! Our Founders are just!]

"We bow to the knowledge of our great leader!"

"We contemplate, and we comprehend!"

Unarin closes his eyes and lightly tilts his head.

"I thank you all for coming. I hope this meeting has granted you all unique insights, and that you will keep in mind the changes which will soon sweep across our Empire. Until next time."

When Unarin lifts his head, he and the other three Founders vanish, pulled away in an instant by Dosena's Spatial Psionics.

Muuxunuu alone remains behind.

"To all the gathered delegates, I thank you for attending. Please enjoy four standard time-units of mingling. Speak to the others around you, and exchange insights."

Before leaving, Muuxunuu directs a glance toward one of the hundred pods surrounding hers.

"Sangin Kordonis. Founder Unarin wishes to speak to you in private. Please make time after the Grand Assembly to meet with him."

The young Technopath jolts in shock. He numbly nods his head to Muuxunuu's words, feeling a wash of warmth sweep his skin.

"Y-yes. I will! At once, Head Administrator!"

"There is no need to take immediate action. Founder Unarin will contact you within the next cycle to arrange an appropriate meeting time. Farewell."

As Kordonis blubbers out a hasty word of thanks, the Founders' Pod levitates upward, and Muuxunuu disappears into the gap in the ceiling.

Miikil claps her hands while looking at Kordonis excitedly. 

[What a great honor! I wonder why the First Founder wishes to see you, specifically? You are so lucky!]

Kordonis nods giddily, his usually stoic expression melting away as he imagines talking one-on-one with the leader of all Volgrim.

But then, a cold dread settles on his shoulders.

"Say... you don't... you don't think I did anything wrong, do you?" Kordonis asks. "I'm not in... trouble... am I?"

Sangin Lidra chuckles. "If you were, he wouldn't call you in for a personal meeting. Just thank the stars and accept your good luck, _Junior_ Kordonis. Not even I have been so fortunate as to receive a one-on-one meeting with the First Founder."

Kordonis settles down, mollified by his senior's words. "I see. Then, that is good."

"...That is good."