Part 121: Unlikely Brothers
Part 121: Unlikely Brothers

My next host is just as unfamiliar to me as Shepherd was. I arrive in a somewhat dark area of the forest. Beams of sunlight shine onto a large open patch of grass before me. My host sits cross-legged several feet away from the light and raises an apple to his mouth. He bites into the sweet, juicy fruit and smacks his lips contentedly.

A sense of serenity descends over me. Unlike so many of the people whose minds I've entered during Solomon's visions, my current host lacks even a trace of anxiety or worry. He watches a pair of rabbits hopping around in the clearing while quietly eating his fruit. Observing the animals seems to put him at peace. He doesn't attempt to call them over and pet them, nor do anything that might disturb them.

When he raises his hand again, I happen to notice that his skin is incredibly dark. Darker than Uzziel's, even. His arm is as black as obsidian, allowing him to blend in with the shadows of the forest effectively. Only a series of white tattoos painted on his skin breaks up the effectiveness of his camouflage.

_Hmm. This apple is rather bitter. Perhaps I should try to find an orange. It has been many months since I last tasted one of those._

My host continues to stare at the rabbits while eating his fruit. Thanks to the sound of his internal voice and a few other clues, I piece together that he must be Smealum, the Animus demon from two visions ago. The last time I saw him, he refused to join the other demons during Valac's 'forest sweep.'

The realization makes my stomach clench. Considering Smealum is sitting inside of a forest, what does that mean for him? Did he participate after all? Has the sweep already concluded?

Whatever the answer, Smealum seems to be in a particularly good mood. He finishes off the last bite of his apple, tosses it behind himself, and sighs contentedly.

"Hoo... should I eat another? I wonder."

Shrugging, Smealum glances down at his waist. The fur coat wrapped around him, crafted from the hide of a black wolf, spins and undulates in many fascinating patterns. A small leather pouch rests on his waist, tied off with a bit of twine. Smealum reaches down, opens the bag, and reveals several dozen white twigs.

No, not twigs. _Bones._ Each one looks to be about the size of a bird's leg. He takes one out, closes the bag, and begins to poke at the gaps between his teeth, turning the bone into a makeshift toothpick.

The idea of jamming a dead creature's femur into my mouth sends waves of revulsion coursing down my back. Smealum, however, doesn't appear bothered in the slightest. He pulls bits of apple from between his teeth and swallows as he silently cleans his mouth. While a sickening feeling for me, I have to commend him for his oral hygiene.

Birds chirp above us. Somewhere in the distance, a wolf howls. Smealum sighs contentedly and sticks the bone back in his bag after he finishes.

_I should probably return to the burrows. Valac and the others must have finished by now._

Smealum contemplates leaving, but he doesn't stand. Instead, he continues to gaze at the rabbits as they frolick about.

_Why bother? I hate living among demons. None of them represent me. They thirst for blood and seek to kill and wreak havoc, while I do not. Why? To right ancient wrongs? To unleash justice upon those who once harmed us? Valac's plans will engulf this beautiful world in war. Why must they devastate Earth? Why harm the beautiful creatures of this planet?_

_Perhaps I am too young to understand. I am scarcely a hundred years old, a child in the eyes of those like Valac and Lucifer. To me, the cycle of violence seems impossible to break. Each side presses upon the other, which only serves to validate the other's notions of evil. We hurt the angels, and the angels, in turn, hurt us._

_Must the universe function in this way, I wonder? Must we feed off the angels' hatred to fuel our own?_

Smealum sighs. He pulls another apple from a satchel at his side and stares at it.

_Joy and love are everywhere across Earth. Beauty and splendor surround me. Even this juicy red fruit dazzles me with its vibrant color. If we could only set aside our hatred and prejudice for a time, perhaps we could grow to understand one another. If the angels treated us not as their inferiors, but as their equals... maybe we could heal the rift between our people._

The demon lowers the apple and places it back in his bag. With a shake of his head, he closes his eyes.

_No. Peace is impossible. Even if the angels decided to listen, our leaders never would. Satan had a chance of attaining peace, and he cast it aside. Why should the angels trust us after he stabbed them in the back?_

Smealum broods silently to himself for several minutes. His mind struggles and wrestles with difficult questions, many of which I've asked myself during Solomon's visions. It's a little refreshing to hear the thoughts of someone so similar to me.

More than that, though... Smealum's words, his tone, his inflection, and even his manner of speech seem familiar. I feel as though I've met him before. Have we spoken? Do I know him from the present time?

It's tearing me up inside. To be so close to an answer, yet lack a piece of the puzzle is the most infuriating feeling in the world.

Suddenly, a flock of birds burst through the tree canopy, squawking and shrieking in surprise. Smealum's eyes bolt open as he realizes the rabbits have fled.

All the creatures of the forest go silent after a few moments, leaving Smealum's breath as one of only two sounds echoing in the air.

Shambling footsteps greet my ears. Smealum stares wide-eyed and doesn't move a muscle. Across the open space of the illuminated forest clearing, an angel stumbles into view. Shepherd, still missing an arm, hobbles forward, clearly out of breath. The angel leans hard on his walking staff and quickly scans the clearing.

"Oh... bother... where am I, now? This forest is a damned maze..."

Smealum's heart pounds in his chest.

_An angel? Here?! I thought they were ordered not to come this far north! What should I do? He hasn't seen me yet. Perhaps I can slip away._

The Animus doesn't move a muscle. His body shivers with a mixture of fear and excitement.

_I've never seen an angel up close before. Is there something wrong with this one's left wing? It's bent awkwardly._

Shepherd gasps and sinks to his knees. He leans back and plops on his butt to catch his breath for several moments. His white robes, now torn and ripped from walking through the forest, hang across his body in strips. His skinny frame looks anything but intimidating. Even the sword at his waist looks like it doesn't belong.

Smealum sits frozen in place. His blood warms and cools as his thoughts run rampant.

_Despite my curiosity, I should leave. Angels are trouble. Where there's one, there might be more. I should go. I should..._

Ignoring his thoughts telling him to leave, Smealum instead stays perfectly still. His black skin blends in with the darkness around him, allowing him to remain unseen. 

Shepherd doesn't notice us. Instead, the angel slumps forward. A look of defeat passes over his face. He reaches his staff out and pokes at a rock absentmindedly.

"...failure. What was I thinking?"

Shepherd murmurs under his breath. The skinny acolyte, once a low-ranking cherub, appears more pitiful than anyone I've seen in my entire life.

"_Don't leave the encampment,_ they said. Did I listen? Of course not. I never learn."

Smealum watches with fascination as Shepherd begins to berate himself. The Angel mumbles and mutters about his various failings, and Smealum's eyes turn to saucers as he listens.

_The angel appears to be in distress. He's cut off from his family. If I were a proper demon, I couldn't imagine a better time to attack him. I'll never have a better opportunity than this._

Biting his lip. Smealum leans forward.

_I should say something. A greeting, perhaps? How would that go over? Should I assert myself, or move slowly? I don't want to alarm him. At the same time, that sword could be a problem. Angels are all supposed to be capable warriors. Even if I introduced myself- what?! Why is he crying?!_

Shepherd breaks down and drops his staff. He sobs into his hand and blubbers incoherently, browbeating himself for all of his failings recently. I lose track of what he's saying once his words turn into a mishmash of choked syllables and grunts.

He's pitiful. Pathetic, even. 

Smealum's excitement and fear fade away. He watches as the angel paws at his eyes, trying desperately to stifle his grief.

_Hm. From what I can see, this lanky fellow isn't like most angels. Maybe I'm thinking things over too much. In any case, I cannot let this opportunity go to waste._

Smealum slowly rises to his feet. Shepherd doesn't see us through the tears clouding his vision. He sniffles and snorts like a baby, choking back tears and wiping his eyes repeatedly with his tattered sleeve.

"H..."

Smealum starts to speak. His muscles tense up, but he forces himself to continue with his greeting.

"...Hello?"

The single word seems to boom in the forest like a gunshot in the dead of night. Shepherd's eyes bolt open. He jerks his head back and immediately lasers his eyes onto me.

A cry of terror escapes the angel's lips. "Hiiii! D-d-de... demon! DEMON!"

Shepherd jumps to his feet. He trips awkwardly, likely from his broken wing disturbing his center of mass. Stumbling backward, he hits a tree and digs his heel into the ground. Shepherd, his face still stained with tears, fumbles for his sword. He clumsily yanks it from its sheath and tries to aim it at me, but it slips from his grasp and _thuds_ against the ground.

"Whoa, slow down, friend. I don't mean you any-"

"S-stay back! BACK, I say!" Shepherd motions with one hand and tries to form a magic sign, but after a few seconds, all he can manage is a sputter of light. A tiny dagger of holy energy briefly appears in his palm, but it fizzles into sparks and dissipates in his grasp.

Smealum takes a step forward. He raises both hands. "I am unarmed. Please, you have nothing to fear. There's no reason to be frightened."

Shepherd's eyes turn into saucers as I step into the light of the clearing. He sweeps his gaze up and down my body, evaluating me in an instant. "D-demon... black as the night... the s-same color as... the eyes... the Damned! 'Tis thy fault! Thou hath slain my brothers!!"

A surge of energy enters Shepherd's body. He dives for his sword, as if planning to take it before I can. Given Smealum has no intention of touching the blade, he merely raises an eyebrow at the angel's antics.

Once he grabs his sword, Shepherd rolls again, demonstrating surprising agility for a crippled angel. He uses the sword to push himself to his feet and retreats several steps, keeping the blade pointed at me the whole time.

"I have no idea what you're talking about," Smealum says. "I have killed no angels."

"Liar! Demons always lie!!" Shepherd grinds his teeth together. His fear gives way to rage. "T-take one step closer, a-and I'll... I'll cleave thy head from thy shoulders!"

Smealum lowers his hands. He rubs his neck and crunches up his face. "I only wish to talk. There is no need for such barbarism."

Fire burns in Shepherd's eyes. "Thou shoulds't know a thing or two about barbarism, wretched creature. My brothers and sisters fell to thy claws. And now... I... I shall repay thee in full!"

After pausing for a moment, Shepherd lunges at me. He moves surprisingly fast, using his one working wing to accelerate forward in the blink of an eye.

His sword rushes at me. Smealum's eyes follow its movement. At the last second, the Animus dodges right. Shepherd's sword stabs where I stood a moment before, but with a single, precise blow, I karate-chop Shepherd's hand. Smealum's strength proves formidable. He nearly breaks the angel's wrist, forcing him to drop the sword.

"Augh!" Shepherd cries, as he yanks back his injured limb.

Recentering his body, Smealum pivots on his heel and slaps his palm against Shepherd's chest. The angel flies backward and lands on his wings, skidding across the ground.

The battle ends in seconds. Smealum kicks the sword behind himself and frowns.

"My apologies if I hurt you. I didn't want to use force. Perhaps, now that I've defanged you, we can talk to one another civilly?"

Shepherd lies in the grass. He stares at me wide-eyed, with terror etched into every inch of his face. The angel presses his arm against his chest and bites his lip. He tries to inhale, but his breath catches instead.

"B-buh... bastard... I won't... I won't... _guh..._"

Shepherd falls silent. His eyes close, and he faints.

Smealum's jaw drops.

_What? The angel fell unconscious? I barely even hit him. How weak is this fellow to pass out after I held back all of my strength?_

After a few moments, Smealum scratches the back of his head.

"Well, damn. This is awkward."

---

An hour later, I sit on a rock and stare at Shepherd's unconscious form, now tied to a tree. While Smealum waits for the angel to wake up, he silently puffs on a pipe made from a hollowed out tree branch. Smoke fills the air, but Smealum seems to enjoy the quiet time.

Shepherd stirs.

"Nnn... ohhh..."

He lifts his head and blinks, trying to clear the fog from his eyes. Suddenly, they bolt open as he spots me.

"Ah! D-demon! What happened? Where am I?!"

He tries to move, only to notice the ropes binding him to the tree. He struggles mightily for several seconds, only to then realize his arm is held fast above his head.

Smealum waves his pipe nonchalantly. "Apologies, mister angel. I didn't want you waking up and attacking me. I'd prefer not to fight, if at all poss-"

"Untie me at once, servant of the damned!" Shepherd snarls and tugs at his arm, trying desperately to pull it from the snare. "I do not fear death! I'll fight to my dying breath!!"

Smealum raises an eyebrow. He nods and listens as the angel rants and raves, threatening every demon and their relatives for over a minute.

Finally, Shepherd sags against the tree, his energy gone. He gasps for breath and starts having a panic attack as he realizes his life is now at Smealum's mercy.

"Are you finished?" Smealum asks. "If I wanted to kill you, I could have done so when I knocked you out. I am not one to rush to violence unless necessary."

Shepherd closes his eyes. "If... if thy goal isn't to kill me... I won't succumb to torture, fiend. I will never reveal any of Heaven's secrets."

Smealum scratches the back of his skull. "Ah, look, mister angel, I think you have the wrong idea here. I don't want to hurt you. I'm not a bad person. I would simply like to engage in a pleasant dialogue. Can't we set aside our differences, at least for a while?"

The angel opens his eyes. He stares at me for a few moments before replying.

"Thou wish to... to talk? About what?"

Smealum finishes off the tobacco in his pipe, taps the ashes out, and slips it into a pocket on his fur coat. "I don't know. Anything. I've never met an angel before."

"All demons were once imps, the servants of angelkind. If thou art going to open with such a bald-faced lie, how am I to believe anything thou hath to say?"

Smealum shrugs. "I'm not lying. I was born after my people fled Heaven. I am only ninety-five summers old. I have never spoken to an angel in all my life."

Silence falls between us as Shepherd digests my words. He swallows audibly. "I, ah, see. So, thou hath no intention to... to attack me?"

"Of course not. You pulled out your sword first, remember? I only struck you in self-defense. I do apologize if I injured you. I don't think I broke any bones, but I'm not talented in the medical arts."

Suspicion begins to grow on Shepherd's face. "What reason have thee to speak with me, an angel? If thy intention is to press me for information regarding my people, I shall bite off my tongue right this instant."

Smealum pales. "Oh, devils, don't do that! That sounds agonizing! If I release you, will you promise not to attack me? I don't feel good talking to you while you're tied up like this."

Shepherd's suspicion wanes somewhat. "...Alright. I will slow my impulses. For now."

"Excellent. That's all I wish to hear."

...

A minute later, Shepherd rubs his wrist with his chin. He shakily rises to his feet and stares me in the eye. For some reason, his cowardly aura seems to have diminished somewhat, despite standing in front of me, a demon.

"My name is Smealum. What is yours?"

"Shepherd," The angel replies. He rubs his sore wrist against his stomach to try and ease its pain. "Why is thy skin black? I thought imps and demons were red-skinned."

Smealum crosses his arms. "I don't know. Lucifer's experiments might have something to do with that. I am an Animus, a different breed of demon compared to others. There are others who look like me, but I prefer to think of myself as a unique individual."

Shepherd eyes me warily. "All demons appear the same to me. Thy skin color is the only difference I have noticed, so far. That, and also thy curious nature."

Smealum nods and gestures toward a stump. "Why don't we sit and talk? Standing so close to one another will only make both of us uneasy."

"Very well."

Both of us walk a few feet toward the blackened log. The rest of the tree lies off to the side, having fallen at some point in the past due to unknown circumstances.

After we make ourselves more comfortable, Smealum reaches into his bag. Shepherd flinches, waiting for a surprise attack to come, but his fears prove unfounded. Smealum pulls out two apples and holds out one for Shepherd.

"Here. You could probably use a little energy. Don't worry; it isn't poisoned."

Shepherd stares at the red fruit without taking it. "Angels do not require sustenance. As for thee, dost thy people not consume the flesh of other creatures?"

"We do, yes. Well, other demons do. I don't." Smealum starts to retract his apple, but pauses. "Angels don't eat fruit or vegetables?"

The angel scrunches up his face. "We do... but only because we enjoy the taste. Any consumed items turn to mist inside our bodies and expunge themselves as spiritual waste."

Smealum blinks. "I don't follow. Do you shit yourselves? Is that what you mean?"

"Nay. Consumed food simply turns to... to..." Shepherd trails off. He taps his lip thoughtfully, then motions toward his chest. "It leaves our body as spiritual waste. I don't know how else to say it."

"But you _can_ eat this apple, correct?"

Sighing, Shepherd nods. "I can."

"Then take it. It'll be awkward if I'm the only person eating here."

Shepherd stares at me for a moment, then takes the fruit from my grasp. "Very well. Thou art an oddity, not only among demons, but among all the sentient creatures I've ever known."

"I get that a lot."

...

The angel and demon stare at each other silently for over a minute as they bite into the fruits. Based on Shepherd's look of disgust, he seems not to enjoy the apple at all. Then again, considering how incredible the fruit in Heaven tastes, it's no wonder why.

After five to six bites, Shepherd sets his unfinished apple on the stump. He starts to open his mouth, but pauses as his gag reflex threatens to take over. "I- hurr... mmm... I, ah..."

"Are you alright?" Smealum asks.

"S-splendid. I need to... mmm... hnn..."

Shepherd winces. His stomach growls violently, as if threatening to force the apple back up. However, it only takes a few seconds for him to get his body back under control.

Smealum pauses his eating to glance at the fruit in his hand. _How bad did Shepherd's apple taste? I gave him the juiciest one..._

"What now, demon?" Shepherd asks. "We've eaten together. We've spoken. Is this the part where thou intendeth to slay me?"

"No, of course n-" Smealum starts to retort, but pauses when he notices Shepherd smiling. "Was something I said amusing?"

The angel rubs his chin. "Oh, not especially. It's occurred to me that I feel more at ease speaking with thee than I've felt in centuries with my brothers and sisters."

"You do? We've barely said anything."

Shepherd shrugs. His eyes flick to my right, looking past me into the darkness of the forest. "My family looks down on me, as they should. When thy people attacked Heaven... I lost my arm and broke my wing. The cherubs called me to action, and I faltered. 'Tis no great proclamation to call me a pathetic weakling. Thou knocked me out in a single blow, after all."

"You were fatigued. Beating an exhausted opponent isn't something I could bring myself to brag about."

"I suppose."

Shepherd continues gazing past me. Memories seem to dance in his eyes as he loses himself in his thoughts.

Smealum taps a finger on the stump absentmindedly as he waits for the angel to wake up from his delirium. After thirty seconds, Smealum reaches into the pouch at his side and pulls out one of his bird-bone toothpicks. The sounds of the bones clinking in Smealum's pouch wake Shepherd from his stupor.

Shaking off his ponderings, Shepherd peers over the stump at my waist. "Hm? What have ye there?"

Smealum takes the bag from his belt and sets it on the log. "Ah, these are some bones I carry with me."

"_Bones?_" Shepherd's eyes immediately turn suspicious. "Why dost thee carry bones around?"

Smealum pauses.

_Damn. After I explained how peaceful I am, seeing these is going to make Shepherd think less of me. Even among other demons, carrying around a pouch filled with bones is weird. He won't buy that I use them to clean my teeth._

A drop of sweat drips down Smealum's neck.

"Ahh, these are for, hmm... well, they're for a... a game!"

Shepherd's suspicion intensifies. "What sort of game involves desecrating the dead? It sounds barbaric."

"N-no, it isn't anything like that..."

Smealum trails off.

_What was I thinking? Shepherd is right. What sort of being would play around with bones?! Admitting they're toothpicks would have been a better idea!_

_Wait, no, I can salvage this. I only need a moment to think._

Shepherd presses me further. "Well? What are the rules for this game?"

"Rules... rules..." Smealum echoes Shepherd under his breath. After a moment, he slowly begins dumping his bones on the log. Each one is shaped similarly to the others, but there are small differences in the curves to them, cracks from age and decay, and other such things.

Smealum's eyes light up. _Ah, that's it! There's a solution after all._

"So, Shepherd, here is how we play the game. First, take half of the pile."

"Half?"

"Yes. You get half, and I get the remainder."

Shepherd curls up his lip in disgust. "Disrespecting the dead... no angel in their right mind would do such a thing."

"Ah. Well, if you don't wish to touch them..."

Smealum's eyes dart around. He spots a mess of broken sticks laying nearby. "Aha. Here, these will serve as a substitute."

Without hesitating, the demon leans to his left and snatches up the bundle of twigs, snaps them several times into a bunch of pieces, then places them on Shepherd's side.

"Okay. This game is rather simple. All we do is toss the bones down and describe the pattern they form."

"The sticks," Shepherd says, correcting me.

"Aye. I'll throw my bones, then you follow with your sticks."

"Okay."

Shepherd seems unconvinced about Smealum's so-called game. However, he follows my example, grabs a mass of the sticks, and tosses them down on his side of the stump.

As the sticks and bones clatter and rattle, Shepherd purses his lips. "Now what?"

"Well, what patterns do you see?" Smealum asks. We poke at our bones and scrunch up our face. "See, this pattern here looks something like a... a... a lion! Yes, it resembles the mane of a lion."

"A lion? What is that?"

"It's a large cat-creature. I've only seen one in my life. Big teeth, though. Quite frightening. Very majestic."

"Mmm."

Shepherd stares at his sticks silently for over a minute. Sweat continues to run down Smealum's neck as we wait.

"W-well? Do you see any patterns?"

"Nay. Not a one. What is the point of this game? What sport is there in staring at twigs?"

Smealum chews his lip. "Sport? Erm. Well, I hadn't... really... thought that far..."

Shepherd raises his eyes to meet mine. "I beg thy pardon?"

"Nothing. Ah, demons don't play games for sport. Most of my kin compete over everything else. Games are... ah... a way to relax! Yes, we play games expressly to pass the time and develop camaraderie."

"Sounds like a waste of time," Shepherd mutters. "I suppose angels are the opposite. We typically tend to work together for most tasks. Sport and competitions serve the purpose of allowing us to compete in a friendly fashion, determine who is the most competent at various talents, and so on."

"I see..." Smealum mutters. "Hm. Well, perhaps we can retool this game to be more, ah, competitive?"

Shepherd snorts. "That's an amusing idea. Unless thou dost plan to hold me here, I do intend to return to my family at some point."

Smealum's hopeful expression melts away. "Oh. Ah, yes. I see... that does make sense... we can't play games forever, I suppose..."

My words trail off. Smealum's expression turns crestfallen as he stares at the angel, a note of pleading in his eyes. 

"If you leave... will this be the last time we speak? Will I see you again?"

Shepherd rubs his chin. "I don't know. Thou art a demon, after all. I shouldn't have entered this blasted forest in the first place. With my wing broken, I can't fly away. I don't imagine we will reencounter one another."

Gloom descends upon Smealum. "Ah. Well... I feel closer to you than I do any of my demon brethren. They lack compassion, can't see past the bridges of their noses, and seek death and destruction rampantly. I sense a kindred spirit in you, Shepherd. It would be a shame if... if we never saw each other after this..."

Shepherd's expression softens. "Well, I mean... I could probably try to visit in the future. I know not how I might contact thee. There is also a chance thou mayest perish in my absence."

Smealum nods. "Terrible things happen all the time. Will you pledge to return to the forest at some point? I will do what I can to make certain no demons harm you."

Silence descends upon the two of us. Shepherd glances away as thoughts splash around in his head. He debates the consequences of returning and weighs them against a thousand other possibilities, all in a matter of seconds. Smealum, on the other hand, procures his pipe. We light a wad of tobacco and begin puffing while we await Shepherd's reply.

Finally, Shepherd stirs. "Alright. I've made my decision. Come rain or snow; I will do my best to return."

Smealum smiles. "I'm pleased to hear you say that."

"It won't be easy," Shepherd murmurs. "Getting out of Heaven right now is almost impossible. I barely left, thanks to my low rank. Until my people slaughter the demons, the Archangels intend to limit travel between Earth and Heaven."

"Oh. That doesn't sound like a fun time," Smealum says while exhaling smoke. "If your rank is a problem, why not try to raise it?"

"I can't," Shepherd replies. He gestures toward his missing arm and broken wing. "I'm useless in a battle."

"Nonsense. If your left arm vanishes, then make your right twice as strong. If you cannot fly, then learn to run. Do not treat your injuries as crippling disabilities. Treat them as obstacles to push past. I always try to maintain a positive outlook on life, no matter what happens."

Shepherd stares at me with a look of disbelief. "Such words are pretty, but they do not reflect reality. The world is cruel to those who are weak. Maybe thou hath found thyself blessed with a strong body and high rank, but I have not. Everyone looks down on me. They shun and judge me, declaring that I am their inferior."

"Are you not?" Smealum asks. "I don't need a high rank among my brethren to attain happiness. You value yourself based on the opinion of others. That lack of self-confidence is why other angels look down upon you. If you change your outlook, you will change theirs, as well."

Shepherd remains unconvinced. "I suppose. This discussion grows more wearisome by the minute."

With a wave of his hand, Shepherd dismisses Smealum's words.

Despite his cowardice, weakness, and lack of any fighting ability, I get the feeling that Shepherd still sees himself as being better than Smealum. He appears to think that because he's an angel, he's automatically superior to all demons. He doesn't need to utter the words for Smealum to understand his views. 

However, Smealum never comments on the angel's elitism. Instead, he continues to smoke his tobacco, ignoring any slights the angel lets slip.

Shepherd's eyes lower to my pipe. "Funny. There aren't many angels who smoke in Heaven. Only Raphael and a few acolytes during their free time."

"Oh? Have you never tried the joys of tobacco?"

"Nay. I fail to see the appeal of inhaling soot."

"It's quite calming, Shepherd. Here. Give it a try."

I lean forward and hold out my pipe. Shepherd stares at it inquisitively for a moment, before taking it from me. Rather than pressing it to his lips, he instead lifts and examines it. "What are these carvings etched into the handle?"

"They're rabbits, birds, and other small creatures. I like cute little critters."

Shepherd shakes his head. "Goodness. Thou art a strange demon. I can't say I've known many, but among those I have, thou stand out like a black spot in the snow. Err, no offense meant."

Smealum shrugs. "None taken. Are you going to let the flames extinguish, or are you going to puff, already?"

"My apologies. I was simply thinking about Raphael... my eldest brother."

With a shake of his head, Shepherd places the end of the small pipe in his mouth and inhales. A wave of disgust washes over him. He yanks it out and coughs wildly, expelling a breathy stream of smoke from his mouth and nostrils at the same time. "Kah! Kah! Haaack! Krrgh!"

The angel coughs violently as tears and snot spill from his face.

"Kah! Accursed- gahh! Foul! How could anyone smoke this?!"

Smealum suppresses a smile. He plucks his pipe from Shepherd's grasp and forces a monotone expression. "Ah, it seems you cannot handle something as simple as smoking. Tsk. How unfortunate that the lowly demon has bested his angelic superior once again."

"Bah! Shut up," Shepherd says as he hammers his chest to expel the last bits of smoke. "I know not what thou hath given me, but it was poison to my lungs. Only fools would deliberately inhale such vile chemicals."

Slowly, Smealum smiles. "Hehe. Well, the fact you shared my pipe fills me with glee, Shepherd. After all, any demon willing to share his smoking stash with another would only do so if he considered him a good friend. That is why I consider you a brother."

Shepherd frowns. "Me, be thy brother? I think not. Thou art a demon. I am an angel. We cannot be considered family."

"Why not? I'm different from most demons, just as you are from most angels. We're closer to each other than we are to members of our species. We both can speak, think critically, and treat each other with respect. If that is not the definition of brotherhood... then I don't know what is."

Shepherd ponders my words.

"I suppose thou hath a point. I am not sold on the concept, but I understand thy meaning."

A moment of awkward silence follows. Smealum places his pipe in his mouth, inhales, and pokes at the bones laying on the log.

"Well. Why don't we continue with this game? We can make it more interesting now, and when the sun lowers, I can lead you out of the forest."

"Why then and not now?" Shepherd asks.

"I'd prefer not to get spotted by your family," Smealum replies. "I hope you'll understand, brother."

"I do. But... I'm not your brother."

Smealum's grin widens. "In time, who knows?"