It was only the day before that Jason had fled for his life from a horde of monsters. Not only had he never seen such creatures in his life, but he couldn't have imagined they existed in such numbers.

And now, for the second time, his mind boggled at how many monsters stood before him. Jason and Amelia gaped at what must have been tens of thousands of fantastical beasts and demihumans milling about in an underground structure twenty times larger than the Dodger Stadium. _What lay behind the door_ Jason thought. _The question I'd been asking myself for hours. Now that I have the answer, I regret asking._

Amelia very slowly turned to Jason and whispered, "Any bright ideas?"

"Not even one," Jason muttered.

The room just inside the door descended fifty feet into a basin filled with glowing stones, and what Solomon's Crown told him were portals to other places elsewhere in the galaxy.

A dozen platforms rose into the air, and atop each one were two metal pylons that curved around to form an open oval. Between the pylons were images of other worlds, other places in the Labyrinth, and scenes he could barely describe.

Computers unlike any he'd seen before lined up in rows, each one twice as tall as Jason's body, stretching to just above Kar's height. The towers powered hundreds of monitors all over the place, almost as if he'd arrived at the New York Stock Exchange. Their design was somewhat alien in nature, giving him an otherworldly vibe.

As Kar climbed to his feet, every monster in the room stopped and stared at them, mouths agape. Instead of orcs, goblins, and demons, all the monsters here seemed corrupted in some way. Their bodies leaked clouds of darkness, and all of their forms appeared disfigured and disheveled.

One of the monsters, a gangly looking freak with half its face melting off, slowly raised a trembling finger toward them. "F-F-F.... Fleshbags! They're fleshbags!"

Amelia forced a smile. "We... come in... peace?"

The room erupted into chaos. A hundred smoky apparitions rushed this way, another hundred rushed that way, and everyone lost their goddamned minds.

"They've opened the doors!"

"Big scary alligator!"

"Someone get the boss!"

"Broodmother save me!"

A chorus of screams filled the room. Monsters frantically typed values into their computers, while others charged through the otherworldly portals to flee from them. Jason and Amelia gaped in stunned silence at their ridiculous reaction. There must have been a thousand times more monsters in the room compared to the three of them, yet they were _scared_? What the hell?!

Suddenly, a feminine voice boomed from loudspeakers in the roof of the stadium. "SILENCE!"

The crowd hushed all at once. Tranquility replaced abject terror. All of the monsters, even those about to flee, stopped where they were standing. They stood at attention and waited for further orders from their unseen superior.

The monsters turned to face the right side of the room. Amidst the walls of computers, a single being stepped out. Its chest and clothing were decidedly feminine, but its head was birdlike, with a beak and pitch-black eyes. The monster's appendages tapered into four-fingered hands and two-toed feet, but each ended in a claw-like talon.

The monster, a female of some sort, silently strolled over to them, not a care in the world. Whoever she was, she commanded absolute respect over the monsters here, and her half-bird half-human body stood out like a diamond in the rough. She was beautiful, in a majestic sense.

"Intruders. Hee! You've made a mistake, barging into my domain. Vermin are unwelcome here."

The bird-lady's voice was simultaneously delicate and soft, yet her tongue clicked every few syllables, possibly because her beak made it difficult to form words. She sounded like a parakeet; capable of mimicking human speech, yet imperfect to a fault.

Blaarjiim grumbled. "Vermin? Well, isn't _she_ the polite one?"

Jason took a hesitant step forward. All the monsters in the room swiveled their heads to look at him, nearly giving him a panic attack, but he managed to keep his cowardice in check.

"W-who are you? What is this place?"

The bird-person stopped thirty feet away and lightly scraped her spiked fingers across her feathered scalp. "I ask the questions here. How did you enter? That door has a hundred tons of mass. Furthermore, it opens outward. You appear to be ordinary humans, yet-"

Her eyes didn't swivel around as a human's would, but instead, she tilted and turned her head to look in different directions. Cocking it from left to right, she examined the three of them curiously.

"That big one there, the alligator. You must be the one who hefted my door open."

Kar croaked under his breath, "Crocodile, _not_ alligator."

"Close enough. In any case, if you could open the entrance to the Labyrinth Core, your strength must be on par with the Demon Dukes, perhaps even the Emperors. I presume these humans are your slaves, then?"

Amelia started opening her mouth to object, but Jason reached over and squeezed her arm, subtly shaking his head. _There are too many monsters here. If they all attack, we'll probably die._ Jason thought.

Kar barely even gave her question a passing thought. "Hah! Of course they are! Do you have a problem with that?"

The bird-woman tapped her beak. "Hardly. You may not have realized it, but this entire facility is mine, as are all the monsters here. I am Bahamut, the most powerful monster in the Labyrinth. Even the demons fear my wrath." She took a step toward Kar and completely ignored Jason and Amelia. "Why have you come here?"

"Because I felt like it!" Kar didn't skip a beat. "I am Kar, the second mightiest of Marie's Children. I fear no one!"

"Don't you? Hmm? You must think yourself quite impressive, but from where I stand, you're little more than an insect at my door."

_Ugh, she's painfully braggadocious._ Jason thought to himself. _Does this broad ever shut up?_

Bahamut and Kar went back and forth for a minute, verbally sparring with one another. After a while, she laughed, though it came out sounding like a bluejay's chirp. "Hee! You're an interesting fellow, Kar! I will offer you a unique opportunity. Follow me."

Kar looked at them warily as she turned and walked away, but shrugged. "Let us see what she has in mind."

Amelia reached over and took Jason's hand in hers. "Jason, I've got a bad feeling about this."

"Same, Amelia. Just smile like you always do, and if the worst happens, I might have a way out for us."

Jason wasn't lying, either. He'd have to be creative with his Wordsmithing if Bahamut turned out to be a backstabber.

They followed Kar and Bahamut, glancing around nervously as the throng of corrupted creatures watched them silently.

Jason's body perspired more than usual as they passed through hordes of monsters. Now that they'd walked down the steps into the lower area of the bowl-like stadium, Jason could see the computers and creatures down here more clearly, and they seemed very unusual compared to others he'd seen up to this point in the Labyrinth. Some had skin covered in wood; many had loose hides, often disfigured by blemishes and sores, while others had tentacles instead of hair, and thousands of variations between those. One of the bastards grinned evilly at Jason as he and Amelia walked past, his razor-sharp teeth on display.

He licked his lips and smiled. "_A test. All who challenge Bahamut will lose. You'll be one of us, soon._"

Bahamut and Kar didn't hear him. Amelia stuck her tongue out at the monster and muttered, "_Take a step closer, ugly. I'll knock your block off._"

Jason pulled her along, not wanting to start a scene. He was sure she could tear the jackass apart with ease, but what about the other thousands of monsters? Doubtful.

Kar turned to Bahamut. "What is this place? Sure looks like an awful lot of fleshbag technology around here!"

Bahamut preened her feathers for a moment, then chirped shrilly. "Hee! You haven't a clue! The Labyrinth Core is the most valuable asset the demons have. It allows us to travel to various hunting grounds in search of food and energy. Maintaining control over fleshbags, as I'm sure you know, is a difficult task."

"Tell me about it! Bah, these worthless twig-limbs can hardly carry my supper to me every day. I beat them twice a week to keep them in line!"

Jason glanced at Amelia and spotted her glaring furiously at Kar's back. _Yeah, keep mouthing off, fish-breath. I'll break you in half when we get out of this dump,_ her eyes said.

Honestly, after seeing Kar heft that door open, Jason'd be surprised if Amelia could budge him an inch. Bahamut had said that opening those doors would require the strength of a Demon Duke, and they were the second most powerful beings in the Labyrinth. Kar was probably way stronger than Amelia.

Bahamut raised her hand, and the four of them stopped. "Open a portal to Tarus II. On the double!"

The calmness of the monsters in the room broke instantly as every being began a mad scramble, dashing for their chairs and workstations, all of them trying very hard not to touch Amelia or Jason as they slipped past. Bahamut continued walking up a walkway toward a portal. She stopped in front of it, as did they, and Jason got a glimpse of the other side.

The portal appeared to be a door to another world. It was as if they could look through a window into another plane of existence or a different dimension. The one they stopped before showed an image of a river of green, and inside the rancid water, apparitions of humans rose over the low waves, screamed wordlessly in agony, and fell back inside. Bahamut said nothing, but Kar stroked his chin.

"Hurgh. Is that the River Styx?"

Bahamut chirped. "Hee! Yes. A fetid graveyard, good for powering the demonic lust for fleshbag souls, but inhospitable to other life. Monsters steer clear of it, but we usually have to keep a dedicated gate open in case Diablo pops over."

Kar leaned forward slightly to peer into the flowing green river. Its liquid bubbled and boiled like lava formed of acid. "What happens if ya fall in?"

Bahamut's tone turned frosty. "_Don't._"

Jason glanced back at all of the monsters and watched as they frantically checked displays on their stations, gazed up at the ceiling to stare at numbers scrolling across the overhead screens, then looked down to type commands and mathematical equations into their computers. Thanks to the Crown, Jason could easily keep up with them.

Five minutes passed. Kar crossed his arms. "What is the meaning of this? Why are we standing here, twiddling our thumbs?"

The bird-woman's head twitched spastically, as if Kar's impatience was irritating her. "Hee! My pawns are calculating a jump destination. Unlike demons, monsters are quite adept at technology and its practical applications. However, calculating the positions of planets in the galaxy is exceptionally difficult, so it takes thousands of us several minutes to make the necessary preparations. In any case, it's almost time."

The image of the river faded away, and the portal shut off for a moment or two. Jason was relieved that he didn't have to see what looked like human souls screaming and writhing in agony, but at the same time, an odd sensation welled up in his stomach. _Guilt._ Jason thought.

They were suffering. It wasn't his fault, but every fiber of his being thought it was. He wasn't responsible for the plight of those poor people. The demons controlled the universe. What could he, a single man, do to stop them? Nothing. That was the answer. Resisting billions, even trillions of demons, was pointless.

A _crack_ of electricity in the air jerked him back to his senses. The gate began arcing bolts of energy from its rounded pillars into the center, and a terrific explosion of lightning erupted, creating a hole in the air that rapidly expanded to the edges of the gate. Once the hole finished forming, an image of a beautiful, green, grassy field appeared. The grass swayed softly as the wind swept across it, and sunlight beamed down, lighting the clearing up, as well as trees and a stream in the distance.

Jason wanted to cry.

He'd been in this Labyrinth for only a few days, but he hadn't realized until just now how homesick he'd been for Earth. The dark corridors, fear of demons attacking at any moment, and trepidation he felt from knowing one wrong turn could mean his death had been plaguing his mind.

Bahamut clicked her tongue. "Excellent work, slaves. You opened that portal twelve seconds faster than usual. Double rations for everyone. Crocodile, bring the two rats with you and let's visit the world I call Home."

A great sigh of relief filled the room as the monsters quietly murmured to each other about Bahamut's praise. Her words meant everything to them.

Kar tilted his head back at Amelia and Jason. Smirking; he said, "Come on, rats! You heard the boss!"

Jason could just barely make out the sound of Amelia popping her knuckles as her saccharine-sweet smile lit up the world. "Oh, _of course,_ Master Kar! Anything you say!"

_She's going to kill him later._ Jason mused to himself.

...

While Jason felt nervous about entering the portal, it wasn't as bad as he'd expected. The stadium's stale oxygen and murmuring of its monsters vanished behind him. One second later, a _whoomph_ of air hit his face, dazing him for a brief second. The sensation made him imagine jumping from a vacuum-sealed bag into a windstorm. He took a moment to yawn and pop his ears. Amelia did, too.

The harsh brightness of a midday sun beat down on him, making him see spots and blink his eyes rapidly. He raised his palm to block the light, but it didn't help much.

Something about this world irked him. After a moment, he realized what it was. The color was wrong. This world's sun was yellow, like Earth's, but its hue was _just_ off-color enough that it didn't feel right. Jason couldn't put it in words, but there was a faint orange tint to the world around him that made the grass and other Earth-like features appear somewhat fake.

Amelia casually glanced around. "Wow, pretty."

"Yeah," Jason mumbled, as he stared at Bahamut's back. "Something seems off."

They arrived on an elevated platform identical to the one in the Labyrinth Core, but to Jason's disgust, this world's gate sat in the middle of a field of grass. It appeared that whoever built it cared little for its aesthetics. The gate's blackened stonework stood out against the bright, cheerful colors of nature like a bloodstain on a nurse's uniform.

"Wonderful, just wonderful," Bahamut said. She chirped cutely, then turned back to look at Amelia and Jason, making a chopping motion toward them with her free hand. Another _whump_ echoed behind them, and when Jason turned around, he was stunned to see that the gate back to the Labyrinth had been disabled.

"What the heck? Is this a trap?!" Jason pivoted to face Bahamut, and she chirped again.

"Hee! You've seen too much, I'm afraid. Fleshbags who have seen the Labyrinth Core must be disposed of, by decree of the Demon Council. Luckily for you, I am a merciful host. Your owner, the fine specimen known as Kar, can save you if he deigns. Speaking of which, the midday sun is already in the sky. We haven't much time if we wish to get this over with by nightfall. Come along, now!"

Amelia shrugged. She didn't care at all about this turn of events. Kar looked somewhat distressed, but he tried to smile and laugh it off. "Gwaha! You're an interesting one, Bahamut! I can only guess at what horrible torture you have planned for me!"

"Hee. Torture? I'll do nothing of the sort. Tell me, though, Kar. Do you like to play games?"

She began walking down the steps of the portal, keeping her back to them, while Kar quickly fell into step beside her. His form dwarfed hers, yet _he_ appeared more nervous around her than vice-versa.

"Games? Hurgh, I have little time for those."

"Oh, you don't like them? Unfortunate. You see, by entering the Core without permission from me or obtaining a permit from the Demon Council, you committed a high crime against our people. If I killed you, that would solve the problem you created, but I'd rather not. I see potential in you, after all. You're not like the other vermin working beneath me."

Kar slowly scratched his arm. "Uh, thanks."

"You are most welcome."

_...I guess Bahamut doesn't understand sarcasm._ Jason thought.

The four of them walked along, and a warm breeze blew across the plains, cooling their bodies while the sun warmed them up. To say this planet had the perfect climate would have been an understatement. It was _exquisite._

It didn't take long before they arrived at the forest. Bahamut stopped and held a finger up. "Kar, I should warn you that the two weaklings behind us will be quite vulnerable in the Shrieking Woods. Don't let them stray far. The creatures here have all manner of poisonous fangs and barbed quills. Despite its tranquil appearance, Tarus II has a fauna predatory threat level of four stars. The plants are all deadly too, so don't eat any colorful berries you see, or you'll meet a swift end."

Kar grunted. "Noted."

...........................................................

Not a creature stirred in the forest, causing an eerie silence to linger in the air. The only sounds Jason heard as they climbed over branches and limbs was wind whistling across the treetops above. Despite Bahamut's warning, not a single animal bothered them.

An hour after entering the forest, Bahamut cocked her head again. "We're almost at the test site."

Kar sniffed the air. "Test? What test?" Evidently, he hadn't heard the monster mentioning a test to Amelia and Jason earlier.

"Hee. It's more of a game than anything else. You will see."

Amelia and Jason shared a look of worry with each other. Bahamut had been very vague this whole time, and frankly, Jason was thinking about taking her down. He'd rather not kill anyone unless it was his last resort, but her hordes of monsters weren't around here. She was defenseless.

Up ahead, the forest parted away to reveal a barren, rocky clearing. Mountains of dirt and stone formed a bowl, and the path narrowed to perhaps a hundred feet wide. A staircase carved into the mountainside led to the top, while a cave to the right ominously beckoned for them to enter. Ten heavily armored guards, their bodies encased in steel, patrolled the entrance to the cave. All of them stopped and swiveled to salute as Bahamut approached.

Jason decided to ask the question on his mind. "Bahamut, are we going underground?"

She flicked her head back to look at Jason. "Quiet! I have nothing to say to piss-ants. If you enter the depths of Tarus II, it will be as a prisoner under forced labor, mining and toiling for the rest of your life. Hopefully, your master will pass the test, and that won't happen." She chuckled. "Hee! Or at least, it would be lucky for _you_. I'm hoping for the opposite."

Bahamut resumed walking, and soon, they arrived at the steps leading up the mountain. She ignored the guards outside the cave, and began ascending the steps. Due to how narrow they were, perhaps six feet wide, Kar fell into line behind her, and Jason let Amelia go in front of him.

Since his position was in the rear and the only view ahead of him was Amelia's long black hair, Jason ended up gazing at the tops of the mountains as they climbed. The sheer canyon walls rose a few hundred feet and flattened at the top, making them nigh unscalable, yet perfect for building on. Indeed, several structures resembling Egyptian pyramids, huts, and other such designs were scattered across the tops of the mountains for dozens of miles, indicating a primitive culture.

Kar noticed them. "Bahamut, what are those odd, triangular buildings? They are quite large."

Bahamut chuckled. "Hee. I am an ancient being, one who lived long before the fall of Earth. Fleshbags and monsters have worshiped me for my entire life, and the architecture you see here are from an ancient civilization on Earth known as the Egyptians."

"Earth? What's that?" Kar questioned her further, and Jason suddenly remembered the surprise Blaarjiim and Hoarhiim had shown when he'd mentioned it. _Most monsters and demons don't know of its existence, or they've forgotten. I wonder why?_ Jason thought.

"Earth is an ancient world, one destroyed long ago during the Energy Wars. It is the homeworld of humans, demons, and monsters."

Kar grumbled something guttural. "Hurgh. Homeworld? Are you daft? Sounds like a bunch of nonsense to me."

"It's true," Jason said aloud. "Earth is where I come from too."

"Oho?" The entire party stopped as Bahamut turned and craned her head around to look at Jason. "Now there's a fib if I ever heard one. The fleshbag thinks he's special."

"Stop calling me 'fleshbag.' My name is Jason, and I'm a human."

"Yeah! And I'm Amelia!"

Bahamut eyed them suspiciously. For a moment, she gazed at the crown on Jason's head, then toward the light-source in his belt pouch. "Your slave is talkative. Why does he wear that gaudy band on his head?"

"Uh." Kar paused for a moment, then raised a finger. "Turtle is a king I enslaved from one of the human worlds! The frilled one is his sister."

"Hee! A king and queen. I see. Royalty. You must value your property tremendously, keeping them so close." Bahamut immediately swiveled around and continued walking. "Perhaps after we finish, you should give these mouthy rats another beating. I could teach you some tricks if you'd like."

Kar didn't reply.

Several minutes later, the end of their climb came into view, and Jason could finally see their destination. Monsters of all sorts roamed around, and a large, elevated platform rose ten feet above the ground. It stretched fifty feet in every direction and had several dozen green squares painted side-by-side at one side, while the other end had a stand elevated another foot up. It looked like a stage meant for giving a speech, sort of, except without any comfy chairs or anything designed explicitly for speech-giving.

Bahamut climbed up the stage, and as she did, she clapped her talons together. "A crowd, please! Give me a crowd!"

Immediately, all the monsters in the area dropped what they were doing. Most walked toward them, but several of them dashed away, likely to tell others of Bahamut's arrival.

_This bird-bitch certainly wielded a ton of authority. We can't trifle with her._ Jason thought.

Bahamut walked over to the elevated stand and smoothly planted one foot atop it, then lifted herself the rest of the way. She did it effortlessly, as though it was a ritual she'd performed a million times.

"The three of you, go find one of the squares to stand on. Once the crowd is big enough, I'll begin the test."

Kar muttered under his breath, "_Stupid test, I should've torn your head off while we were alone, ya dumb bird-brain, grumble grumble,_" but Bahamut didn't hear him.

More monsters filled the area around them, and Jason heard a few of them whispering conspiratorially.

"Think they'll pass?"

"Of course not. Nobody passes. It's impossible."

"The humans'll go to the mines, but what about the big guy?"

"She wants him in a position of authority. Easy enough. It's always the same."

"Silence!" Bahamut chirped shrilly, and the sound pierced the midday winds. The crowd hushed and waited for her to speak. "Finally, we've arrived. Welcome, Kar, along with your two servants. Are you ready to begin the test?"

Kar looked anything but ready. His expression flattened, and he sighed. "What's this test all about, anyway?"

Bahamut stabbed a clawed finger at him from across the stage. "I have chosen you as either my successor or as my new second commander. If you pass the test, you will take my place and lead the Labyrinth Core. If you fail, I will enslave you under me forever, just as I have every other monster you've seen up to now."

Kar sighed again. "What if I don't want to take the test?"

Calmly, Bahamut examined her claws. "Then you will die right here and now."

Jason nudged Kar. "If anything happens, we've got your back."

This seemed to cheer him up. As if he'd only just remembered their presence, Kar puffed out his chest. "Hurgh. Very well! I accept your test! You will find that I am impossible to stump!"

Bahamut reached into the pocket of her coat and pulled out a small hourglass. "We shall see."