Joan impaled Amelia's throat with a spear. Amelia gagged and trembled, unable to speak. Holy energy coursed through her body, hitting her with waves of blinding pain. Amelia opened her mouth to beg for mercy, but nothing came out.

Joan closed her eyes. "In the days of Jesus Christ, son of God, we punished enemies of God with crucifixion. How fitting that you will perish in a manner befitting a sinner. Thy blood will water the land, freeing us from your wickedness. God will judge thee for all thy sins. In the name of the Father... the Son... and the Holy Ghost... I sentence thee to death. You shall be the first human I kill, and thusly, I condemn myself to the fires of Hell as well."

Amelia looked to the side slightly and stared at Hoarhiim.

_No, please. Hoarhiim. Jason! Don't let her kill me! I'll be a good girl! I'll be good..._ Amelia thought.

Hoarhiim's glowing eyes closed. He spoke a word and vanished.

Blaarjiim appeared in Amelia's mind as little more than a hazy, indistinct face. "My... queen. I... failed you. I couldn't protect you. I even hurt you."

Amelia closed her eyes as Joan began summoning holy energy to her palm.

_Blaarjiim... help me! They took Levvy... they're hurting me! Jason left! Where are you? I can't see anything..._ Amelia thought.

The sky brightened noticeably as the radiant energy from the exploding star approached the planet.

"I'm too far away, my queen. I cannot aid you. If only I hadn't forced you to walk the path of darkness... perhaps..."

...

Mephisto watched silently as the Hero prepared to unleash Holy Energy upon the Black Witch's pinned body. "Pity. I wanted to dessstroy her myssself."

"Mephisto." Barbatos's voice caught the Duke of Mist's attention. "Leave now. Danger approaches. Sky."

Without another word, Barbatos created a portal and stepped inside. Mephisto frowned and looked up into the air. Only now did he notice the increasing light in the sky far beyond how the sun might normally shine. "What? The ssstar? Did the Overlordsss...?! No! My dragon! I can't unsssummon it quickly enough!"

He glanced at his giant winged beast and screamed in rage. "Cursssesss! CURSSSESSS!"

Mephisto leaped into Barbatos's portal, and it sealed shut behind him.

Joan ignored the demon and unleashed a holy blast of energy at Amelia, bombarding the Black Witch's body with agonizing pain. Before she could wipe the girl off the face of the planet, the undead dragon leaped at the Hero and slammed her into the ground with its powerful claws. The massive monster screamed angrily and repeatedly pounded its spiked tail against the Hero's crusader aura.

"Gahhh! Fetid beast! Servant of the damned!" Joan struggled desperately to fight the dragon off, but its balefire tore apart her aura bit by bit, until, with one final attack, the dragon impaled the Hero through her chest with one of its massive claws. Joan smacked at the claw uselessly, only to be rewarded with a terrible death as the dragon lurched its head down and tore her torso apart, chewing her into pulp.

Amelia, her body beaten and broken, stared at the dragon and smiled.

_Levvy... you... saved me... in the end..._ Amelia thought.

...

Hundreds of miles away, a single sword lay propped against a rock, having been washed away by the floodwaters only minutes earlier. Dellfingler coughed weakly. "Ah, shucks. I'm done for. So this is how it ends, eh? All alone in a muddy field. Oh well. There're worse ways to go."

Despite his pain, Dellfingler chuckled. "At least I made friends. It was a good life."

The sky burned away in an instant as the exploding star engulfed the planet in apocalyptic heat. The last thing every resident of the dead world saw was a light as bright as Creation itself.

Their souls scorched to ash, leaving nothing behind.

............................................

The remaining Council Members stood in a circle with three bodies in the center; those of Bael, Agares, and Diablo. The screams and cries of humans and imps at the River Styx went unnoticed by the leaders of demonkind.

Satan gasped for breath and clutched his chest. He scowled at Barbatos. "Bastard! How dare you strike your leader?! You've made a grave mistake, boy!"

Belial quickly held him back. "Satan, Satan... please. Calm down. Barbatos would never do such a thing unless he thought it necessary."

Barbatos's imposing form stood over the comatose Diablo, lying in the center of the room beside Agares and Bael. Having traveled around, recovering those he could, Barbatos ignored Satan's raving.

"Enough war."

Satan bit off his anger with a hiss. "No matter your excuse, I won't forget this treachery. The Black Queen was within my grasp! All I had to do was strangle the life out of her, and I'd be free! Now what?! She can unsummon me at any moment! She-"

"Sssatan." Mephisto interrupted the First Emperor's ranting. "Ssshe isss no longer an isssue. You left before ssseeing what happened... but I did not. Arthur unleassshed hisss full might againssst her. Ssshe wasss powerlesss to ssstop him."

Mephisto continued. "Besssidesss... the Overlordsss mussst have intervened. Polarisss'sss ssstar... it detonated."

Satan gaped at the Duke of Mist. "What? It did?"

Barbatos shook his head. "Not Overlords. Wordsmith. Hoarhiim."

A hush fell over the group.

Belial spoke next, feeling her heart palpitate. "Wait. If... if the sun is exploding, then... won't that kill the Black Queen?"

Someone coughed. Everyone turned their attention to Beelzebub as he strode up, eying Belial warily. The Baron of Flame's suit was nothing but tatters and rags, yet he strut proudly, as though he were adorned in kingly attire.

"She survived once. She might do so again. However, we believe she escaped the first time. If the sun is going to explode, then it's unlikely anyone, even her, could survive it."

Barbatos glared at the young demon. "She will die."

Belial tapped Satan's shoulder hesitantly. "Love... if she dies, won't you as well?"

Satan scoffed. "Of course not! I have thousands of souls left! Once she's gone, I'm free. I will return to my position as First Emperor."

"But someone told me... they said that if Amelia died, you would too."

The First Emperor paused and stared down at Diablo. "Unlikely. I don't know the powers of her magic, but-"

He paused mid-sentence. "Wh-what?"

Mephisto cocked his head. "Emperor Sssatan?"

"This... this sensation... what is..."

Satan staggered backward. In the middle of the council, Agares' body started disintegrating into ash. The effect was not noticeable for a second or two, but within moments his body transformed from flesh and bone into something resembling both sand and rust, disappearing forever.

Belial's eyes widened. "No! Satan! You're going to..."

The First Emperor slumped forward and fell to the ground. His vectors went limp. Belial caught him just before he hit the Labyrinth's floor.

Satan wheezed and gasped as Belial stared at him in horror. "L-Lilia... Lilia... I was wrong... oh, Devils... I didn't know..."

She pressed him against her breast. "I knew this would happen! No... I don't want to lose you a second time! You promised me you'd live! You promised me!!"

Tears erupted in Belial's eyes as she stared at Satan's paling face. His breath came in ragged gasps. Soon his chest began to melt away, just as Agares' did. "No... no... no..."

Satan exhaled one last time, and his body fizzled into ash, scattering all over the floor. Belial shrieked in horror. "NOOOOO!"

Barbatos, Mephisto, and Beelzebub all stiffened and gazed in silence as they watched the hysterical woman frantically grab at their leader's ashes, doing anything she could to try and bring him back.

Mephisto's eyes darkened. _Even I cannot ressstore one who hasss turned to dussst. Curssse you for an eternity, Black Witch. Even in death, you damn usss with your black magic._ Mephisto thought.

............................................

[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNSq1qf5ZFk)

"Hoarhiim? Where are we?"

Jason asked the question automatically, once he realized that he was no longer dreaming. Vague memories and emotions appeared in his mind, but he could not tell fiction from reality.

The orb in his hand glowed silently for a moment until Hoarhiim appeared. 

"Jason. We're back in the Labyrinth."

"Oh." Jason stared ahead silently, blinking twice as he noticed something surprising. "I can see, again. With my eyes, I mean. What changed?"

Hoarhiim stared at him unsmilingly. "A lot did. Jason... Amelia was irredeemable, as was my brother. They nearly killed Phoebe and her succubus friend. I fought them off as best as I could."

All the memories came rushing back. Jason's battle with Satan. Healing himself, only for Blaarjiim to tear him apart. Allowing Hoarhiim to take over.

"Wait, did Phoebe make it out? Where's Amelia? What's going on?!"

Hoarhiim held up his hand. "We haven't much time left together, Jason. I need to tell you something important. Please listen carefully."

Jason nodded dumbly, still wondering about Phoebe. "Okay. What is it? What do you mean we don't have much time left together?"

"I unleashed the power of Wordsmithing. You have yet to discover the majority of its applications, but I assure you, Wordsmithing is the most powerful magic that has ever existed. I forced the planet's sun to initiate a supernova. It will engulf the world within minutes."

Jason's heart pounded. "You did?"

"Yes. My brother and I share the same well of power. If one of us dies, the other will as well. When the supernova hits... he will perish."

It did not take long for Jason to connect the dots. "So, you're going to die as well?"

Hoarhiim bowed his head. "My brother and Amelia are evil, Jason. However, Amelia used to be a kindhearted girl. My brother tainted her soul over time. In return for taking their lives... giving up mine is a sacrifice I'm willing to make."

He continued. "There's more. I won't be around for much longer. The demons know about your Wordsmithing now. They will find ways to counteract it. Phoebe is safe, but won't stay that way for long. You must master Wordsmithing and save humanity, Jason. You are the last Hero. If you die, the demons will rule the galaxy until the end of time."

"O... okay. I understand."

A pause followed. Hoarhiim cleared his throat. "Ahh... the demons are not the only threat. There exists another entity you must beware. The Overlords. They're powerful beings who-"

Hoarhiim froze for a moment and clutched his chest. "Ahhh! Gnuh- gah!"

"Hoarhiim? What's wrong?!"

The Deity of Light forced a smile. "It is done. M-my brother... is gone... as is Amelia. I'm sorry, Jason... I had... I had to... to stop them... no matter the-"

Hoarhiim's image froze in Jason's mind, almost as if someone had paused him mid-sentence. 

"No..."

Hoarhiim's body boiled away, and his face froze into a look of agony.

"Hoarhiim... HOARHIIM?!"

His orb began to shake and tremble in Jason's grasp. Then, it heated up rapidly to a scalding temperature, forcing him to drop it. The moment it hit the floor, it popped like a balloon and dissolved into vapor.

The moment Hoarhiim's orb exploded, his face dissolved from Jason's mind, vanishing from existence.

Silence followed.

Jason stared ahead blankly at the wall for several moments. Sinking to his knees, he mumbled a word. "**Locate.**"

His word of power returned to him after mere moments, revealing nothing.

Jason could not find Amelia. 

He could not find Hoarhiim.

They were all gone. Everyone was dead.

Now, Jason was truly, completely... alone.
