Part 542: Fiona's Discovery
Part 542: Fiona's Discovery

Inside the time-accelerated space known as Chrona, Jason Hiro sits with a gloomy expression. He watches the proceedings in realspace with a critical eye, staring with dismay at Diablo's smug, frozen face.

The Emperor of Annihilation looks at Jason's Dronesmith with a knowing gaze, a clear understanding in his eyes that Jason has little choice but to go along with his offer.

"It's a protection racket." Jason says quietly, the interior of the Spynet Sphere completely empty except for himself. "What the hell am I supposed to do? I guess I just have to say yes."

He doesn't reply immediately. After all, every second that passes in realspace gives him two hundred and fifty seconds to think in Chrona-time. He opts to use these precious minutes to debate many different methods of countering Diablo's offer, as well as whether or not he should haggle, or simply accept as-is.

"Humanity isn't in a good place right now." Jason says, continuing to mutter to himself. "We have enemies on all sides. The Plague, the Volgrim, the Demons... our allies are few and far between. Is hiding away in another realm our only way to stay alive?"

The Wordsmith closes his eyes, leans forward, and rests his face in his hands.

"Ugh. I don't know what to do here. Ultimately, Diablo's offer is exactly what I've always wanted: A truce between humanity and demonkind. But his intentions definitely aren't pure and noble. If we do cooperate to eliminate the Plague, what price will my species have to pay?"

"At the very least, demonkind will place powerful Cosmics on many different worlds, guarding them from threats and creating veritable fortresses that will safeguard their interests for the coming millennia, if not eons. That will make expanding humanity's influence difficult, and maybe even impossible."

"But then again, perhaps forming a truce now will lead to great things in the future. Diablo might not always be the top dog forever. If I can ascend to the realm of Middle Cosmic or higher, then I can pose a threat to him. If not me, maybe the Archangels? Maybe I can give them the power to resist Diablo? But the angels aren't trustworthy, in my opinion. Maybe I should continue trying to empower humans. If we can create Cosmics of our own, that would certainly help us rise to threaten the Archdemon's stranglehold on the Milky Way."

"Ah, but then again, would he let us do as we please? If humanity did come up with a way to threaten him, I bet he'd send all the demons to eliminate us right there and then. He'd at least force me to move humanity to Chrona or the Cube, which would isolate us and contain our influence..."

Slowly, Jason opens his eyes. He sits back upright and lowers his hands to his side.

"Chrona... the Cube... humanity needs a base of operation. We need an unassailable fortress nobody can mess with. The Cube is the most obvious choice, but I don't know if the Plague can get inside. Chrona isn't bad, but it's too small for the number of people I'd want to relocate here, and it's nowhere near self-sustaining yet. Both options would cause humanity to run out of food almost immediately, then starve to death. Damn. How do I create a self-sustaining biosphere...?"

Jason thinks about the Cube's incredible internal space, with far more room than the entirety of the original Sol star system. In terms of volume, he could easily fit the equivalent land-space of a million Earths inside of it. But the problem is, that would require an unthinkable amount of time and energy to properly terraform the otherwise barren void inside the Cube into self-sustaining biospheres complete with solar energy and a day/night cycle. After all, the natural order includes plenty of biodiversity, food chains, complicated weather systems, and all sorts of other phenomena Jason can't even properly comprehend without decades of self-education.

Humanity doesn't have that much time. At best, the Cube only contains a few isolated training areas for humanity's soldiers. It's completely useless as a homeworld for them to live inside. The food present inside Chrona isn't actually grown there, but instead, Jason conjured up a thousand-years worth of goods and placed them in stasis for himself and the others to use as desired.

If the Wordsmith wants a permanent solution, he needs to explore his options.

"We can't hold Tarus II." Jason mutters. "If Diablo wants it, he can simply take it. I don't give a damn if Hope has Excalibur or any other artifacts. The Archdemon's body regenerates too quickly; he's too powerful for us to defeat. I couldn't even beat a Bottom Cosmic like Mephisto. How am I going to fight a far stronger entity like Diablo or Dosena?"

Slowly, Jason shakes his head.

"There's no other choice. I'll just have to accept his demands. At the least, Diablo is right that the Plague is the most pressing issue facing the Milky Way. We need to defeat it first. That will certainly take a long time, possibly even centuries. During that time, I can start working on contingency plans, like making the Cube more self-sustaining and finding a way to empower my people to continue struggling for survival. We will _not_ go quietly into that good night."

After coming to this decision, Jason exhales softly. He transmits a command to the Dronesmith, allowing it to speak in his place and transfer his words to Diablo. Over the course of ten, twenty, or perhaps even thirty real-time seconds, dozens of minutes will pass in Chrona-time, giving Jason even more room to think about the issue. He deliberately orders his drone to speak slightly slower than normal, to drag out the wait and give himself even more time to think. Once he concludes this decision, he leans back in his chair and silently watches as the Dronesmith begins to open its mouth and speak.

Of course, actually waiting for it to say even a single sentence would take forever, so he doesn't bother. Instead, Jason's mind drifts, and he thinks about all the research and tests he's been doing over the past few weeks. For each hour in realspace, two hundred and fifty pass in Chrona. That equates to almost ten and a half days.

Thanks to the arrival of Rebecca, Jason's tests have proceeded quite smoothly. He's spent time working with the Felorians, teleporting them in and out of Chrona periodically to ensure they don't become too acclimated to the effects of extreme time dilation, while mainly focusing on improving their magical abilities and ability to self-improve.

At the same time, Jason has also maintained a keen interest in the Psions he brought to Chrona over a month ago. While they aren't high-level among their species, the enclave he picked actually turned out to be extremely useful, providing insights for the Felorians and teaching them a potential method to evolve their powers over time.

"Cultivation..." Jason says to himself, his eyes looking at one of the Spynet Sphere's many monitors at random. "The power to self-improve by slowly comprehending the fundamental principles of the universe, then bending their rules to improve one's self. How such a feat works, I simply can't understand."

Unfortunately for Jason, he doesn't seem to be capable of perceiving the basics of cultivation for his own use. His powers innately appeared within his body as a result of the Heroic Aura. He has never had to work to improve them, and he's never felt sure if he even could, assuming he wanted to.

His powers simply... 'are.' They feel unchanging and immutable, like an ocean that has long existed and only needs to be explored to fully plumb its depths.

But cultivation is completely different. According to the Psions, one can start out as a weak mortal yet slowly rise to the status of a god so long as they focus their mind on comprehending the deeper Truths of the universe.

Given the incompatibilities of Jason's magic compared to how the Psions and Felorians function, he simply cannot understand how they learn, and thus must step back and allow them to function on their own, forming comprehensions as they please while merely hoping for the best.

But as that thought comes and goes, another thoughts takes its place.

"What makes the Angels, Titans, and Demons so different?"

Jason raises an eyebrow as this thought occurs to him.

"Especially the demons. Figures like Orias are so different from the rest that it's as if they operate on entirely different frameworks of power. How does he turn different-colored gems into a diverse array of magical powers? Why is Belial able to change the shape of her body at will, yet no other demons or other entities possess such a convenient power? What made Agares able to transform his body into a lizard? Why did this ability later transfer to other individuals like Diablo and Belial, only to have such differing effects? Diablo's transformation turns him into a Cosmic powerhouse, but Belial's is decidedly far weaker. There's just no rhyme or reason to any of it..."

As this thought comes to Jason, he frowns.

The Wordsmith sits up straight, his eyebrows curling together.

"No. That's not right. There's always an underlying theory. The conservation of energy still applies. Every action has an equal and opposite reaction. There must be an explanation as to how all of these massively different abilities exist. The question is, am I smart enough to create a framework for explaining it all...?"

His frown deepens.

"Phoebe is. Marie probably is. Unarin might be, as well. I probably shouldn't be smart enough, but I have one advantage none of them do. I already possess magical power. Surely I have at least a small edge in being able to test out the underlying principles directly, rather than relying purely on observation and conjecture."

He rises from his chair, then begins to pace around the room with his head lowered, falling deep into thought.

"My Wordsmithing is innate. It relies on my soul's strength to empower most effects directly, but there's also a strong mental component. That implies the brain and soul are connected in some way. My mana reserves are less important for my Wordsmithing to function than my imagination."

"But then you take someone like Orias... his powers are, shall we say, hard-coded. He cannot use magic at all unless he channels it through an external object, like a gem. It's almost as if he needs 'equipment' to function. He's not like other demons who can simply wave their hands and conjure powers out of thin air."

"But speaking of other demons, you also have people like Beelzebub, whose powers are clearly focused on a single element. He can only wield fire magic and nothing else. But it's strange how that manifests in ways one wouldn't expect, such as through his extreme regeneration. His powers are even more 'hard-coded' than Orias's, there don't appear to be any ways for him to branch out through his imagination. He can find new ways of using his existing powers, but he can't invent new ones."

Jason pauses. He looks up at the ceiling for a moment, the lowers his head once more.

"Cultivators use comprehensions of the universe's Truths and its fundamental laws to bend reality to their whims. Individuals such as Confessor Vulpanix can create momentary paradoxes, conjuring multiple versions of themselves by bending space and time. But she doesn't have full control of time... she can't reverse it to go back and stop the Plague before it appeared 100,000 years ago. There are hard limits on what she can achieve."

"So, what does all this mean?" Jason asks himself. "Comprehension is important for some metaphysical powers. Willpower can also be crucial. Faith energy might play a role. There's also mental capacity, imagination, the strength of one's soul, one's internal mana capacity, one's ability to rely on external objects..."

Jason pauses before one of the monitors, a screen that shows the current location and activities of Founder Unarin at all times. He gazes at it for a moment, watching as Unarin stands nearly-frozen while speaking to his brother Randis about some matter happening inside the Volgrim Empire's borders.

"Perhaps I need to define some terminology and set some parameters for the framework." Jason once again says to himself. "In a video game, there are clear differences between Sorcerers, Necromancers, and Artificers. The same seems to be true of real-life metaphysics. I need to comprehend the underlying theory to figure out... to figure out..."

He trails off, not certain of where his brain is even going.

"...why am I thinking about all of this, anyway? Just to better understand metaphysics as a whole?"

"No. That's not a good enough reason. There are so many matters that require my attention, I can't be wasting my time on useless fluff. I need a better reason."

"Hmm..."

He pauses again, his eyes drifting to the current image and relative position of the Archdemon's physical body, still located in the voidspace of Sharmur.

"Yeah. That's why." Jason mutters. "My Wordsmithing is extremely versatile, but it has too many possibilities, so I get brain overload trying to decide what to do with it. Perhaps by understanding how all metaphysical phenomena function, I can better define the parameters of my own magic. Why was I unable to use 'Kill' on Amelia six years ago? Was my soul weaker than hers? Was I not truly prepared to kill her, so it was a failure of my Will? Was my imagination lacking? Did she have a defense secretly prepared that I failed to anticipate?"

"What about when Beelzebub detonated on Tarus II? Why couldn't I fully contain his explosion? Why did he suddenly produce Gressil's Chaos Energy? Why was that energy specifically able to counter me? Could I have prepared a better counter if I knew about Chaos Energy beforehand? Could I stop Beelzebub if he detonated in the future? What about Gressil himself, can I find a way to counter his magic nullification powers?"

"Soul strength. Imagination. Willpower. Mana capacity. Artificing. Cosmic energy. The pieces are all there... but I'm missing something to unify the theory..."

Jason hems and haws for a while longer, but always, the elusive feeling in the back of his mind remains out of grasp. He struggles to fit the last piece of the puzzle together, but he isn't even sure if it's merely a single piece, or multiple pieces that he's overlooked. This failure frustrates him, making him feel as if he is truly too stupid to solve the mystery.

Eventually, the door to the Spynet Sphere opens, dragging Jason back to reality. He turns to see Fiona running inside, a look of excitement on her face.

"Jason... I did it!" Fiona exclaims, stars dancing in her eyes. "I succeeded! I... I can't believe it!"

"Huh?" Jason asks. "You did what? I'm lost, honey."

"You don't remember?" Fiona asks, running over to him while hugging her hands against her chest. "The brain scans! I've been scanning the brains of humans, the Psions you brought here, and lots of demons. I recently asked Phoebe to scan the brains of some humans on Tarus II and send them to me, and I think I found the thing I've been looking for!"

She pauses, waiting for Jason to state the thing she's clearly most excited about, but with Jason's thoughts still in a bit of a fog, he remains confused.

"So, you found...?"

"The human FLAW!" Fiona exclaims, stamping her foot on the ground. "I can't believe you forgot. JASON, it's the FLAW! The thing Raphael had his sister Uzziel put inside of all the humans to limit our future potential. I finally found it, hiding inside the human brain!"

"Oh!" Jason exclaims, finally understanding her excitement. "You really found it?! I thought that would be impossible."

"I thought it was, too." Fiona says, regaining her earlier excitement as she sees the light-bulbs switch on in Jason's head. "But the scans of humans from Tarus II finally gave me what I needed. Do you remember the Power Glove and how it's been having remarkable effects on our troops?"

Jason nods. "That one trooper, Samuel Baker, he seems to have permanently turned into a male Fairy. It's given him quite a powerful arsenal of magical abilities. And then there's Private Ashley, she has a high compatibility with the Orc transformation..."

"That's exactly it." Fiona says, her expression turning serious. "You won't believe what I found, Jason. The Power Gloves... I'm not sure how it works, but it seems some of the people using the gloves have fixed their Human Flaw. When I checked the brain scans of over a hundred humans, Samuel and Ashley both has a slightly different cerebral structure compared to other humans. Comparing their brains with the brains or ordinary troopers who haven't used the Power Glove gave me a lot of useful data points. I think the anomaly I detected was the Human Flaw, the one preventing humans from using magic!"

Jason blinks twice. "What about the Felorians?"

"They ALSO don't have the Flaw!" Fiona exclaims. "I can't be a hundred percent sure, but if you would check with your Wordsmithing I think we can obtain conclusive proof!"

Jason squeezes Fiona's shoulder and smiles. "Then let's do exactly that."

He and her quickly leave and head over to her warehouse, where the replicas of duplicated exotics remain sitting on shelves, a product of Jason's recent experimentation with Rebecca's assistance.

The Cybernite woman stands in place, unmoving, as her cybernetic brain rapidly causes a nearby computer screen to scroll through hundreds of images per second. She analyzes Fiona's latest data while waiting for Jason to arrive. As he does, she turns to look at him, her brain still actively scanning the documents.

"I've confirmed Fiona's hypothesis." Rebecca says. "There is a 99.97777% repeating chance that the cerebral physiology she has observed are what is causing Humanity's Flaw. I only need your confirmation to be 100% certain."

Jason nods as he walks over. "That's what I'm here for. I'm curious, though. Marie Becker didn't know about Humanity's Flaw?"

"If she did, she didn't tell me." Rebecca answers. "Finding the Flaw is actually quite tricky. We never had any humans to scan who didn't possess the Flaw. There were Felorians, of course, but if we only compared baseline humans to Felorians, that would only give us two data points. The physiological difference Fiona has observed is the same across baseline humans, Felorians, and most crucially, certain users of the Power Glove. The Respected also seem to lack the Human Flaw as well."

To better explain her point, Rebecca summons more than a dozen images of different cerebral scans, causing phantom brains to levitate in the air via holographic three-dimensional projections.

She points at three of them. "These scans are from various baseline humans."

She points at two more. "These are from two Felorians, Brunhilda and Sariah."

Then she points at three more. "Samuel Baker, Ashley McCarthy, and a randomly selected soldier possessing low compatibility with all known Power Glove transformations."

Rebecca looks at Jason with a serious expression. "All of these individuals possess differing cerebral structures. However, there is a single piece of brain matter weighing less than five milligrams positioned between the spinal cord and the brain stem itself that we have identified as the likely 'Human Flaw.' This microscopic area does not exist in the brains of the Felorians, Samuel Baker, or Ashley McCarthy. However, it does exist across all observed baseline humans and various Power Glove-using soldiers. I suspect that if we scan your brain, you will also lack this piece of cerebral tissue, and therefore confirm the hypothesis."

Jason nods. "Scan away, then."

Without delay, Rebecca lifts up a small handheld device a few inches from Jason's face. It makes a single beeping sound, then she pulls it away and downloads its data into her computational cortex.

Moments later, she smiles at Jason.

"As expected."

"So we've identified the Human Flaw." Jason says slowly. "This is big. We need to run tests immediately. If I erase that piece of brain matter from various humans, that should clear up the blockage and grant them immediate powers. We could see new Heroes arising all at once!"

"I can neither confirm nor deny this hypothesis." Rebecca replies. "However, I would like to draw your attention to a few other scans we made. There are several Felorians I've scanned who don't haven't demonstrated any magical affinity at all, despite also lacking the Human Flaw. The same is true of several Power Glove users in the human army. While some seem to have lost their Flaw, they also have not greatly increased their affinities to various transformations. The data is... scattered at best."

"Then we'll make more data." Jason says decisively. "I'm still going to accept Diablo's demands. But if this is all true, we may have just obtained a new chip we can use in the upcoming war. If we can secretly grow our own Heroes at home, we may yet have a way to elevate ourselves to new heights."

"Maybe we can even reach the level of the Archdemon..." Fiona says thoughtfully.

"I sure hope so." Jason concludes. "Let's get started."