Part 688: A New Player?
Part 688: A New Player?

_Far-Future Era. Day 20, AJR. Chrona._

Timothy woke up later than usual, around 10 AM. His body didn't ache, likely because of his Player abilities, but his mind did, even if only a little.

He opened up his repeatable quests. All of them were due to reset two hours later, at noon, so there wasn't any point in doing pushups or other exercises early. He was feeling a little bored, so he flipped through his video games and thought about playing one.

"Hmm. Fighting game? Nah, not interesting anymore. RPG? I already do that in real life? Racing?"

Timothy fell silent for a moment. He remembered when he was a kid and his mom sometimes played video games with him. The only games she liked playing were racing games. She really enjoyed jumping in a car and zipping around race-tracks at high speed. Apparently, before she had split from Phoebe, Fiona had loved to go racing on Tarus II.

But she never had time to do that anymore. Now that she ran Chrona all by herself, she was too busy to cruise around in a car... and Chrona didn't have any cars anyway, or any long roads she could use to race on. Thus, she sometimes played racing games with her son. But that was years and years ago. She hadn't played them since Timothy was maybe six or eight years old.

This made him feel... nothing. Timothy supposed he should feel glum, but the faint nostalgia just didn't do much for him.

In that moment, Timothy felt a different kind of pain. It was the pain of loss. He wanted to feel sad, but he couldn't. The System had dulled his emotions so much that he felt completely hollow. He leaned back in his beanbag chair, opened up his abilities page, and looked at his States of Mind. The 24 hour cooldown had finally ended.

_Mind of Simplicity: Activate._

Timothy send out a mental command. Immediately his mental state altered. The world became a little more colorful. His interest in playing games returned, at least somewhat. But he wasn't really in the mood to do that anymore.

"I should go talk to mom before I hang out with Ferral and Marigold." Timothy said to himself quietly.

And so he did. Timothy got up, showered, cleaned himself up, then headed out. As he walked the short distance, he reviewed his tasks for the day.

_I need to choose a new System feature. The choices are between Pawn Summoning, Crafting, and Create Dungeon. I also need to determine if I would rather have +1 party member slots, or get a rare ability from the Lootbox. On top of that, I have a Tier 1 Lootbox to open, and a Mundane Skill Lootbox!_

Timothy's thoughts shifted.

_I should make things official with Marigold today. Or... should I? It's not right to want to use her to obtain better benefits from my System while she gets nothing in return. Ferral's right. I should consider inviting her into the King Network._

Timothy arrived at the Spynet Sphere. He knocked a few times on the door, and his mom opened it.

"Oh, Timothy." She said softly. "I wasn't expecting you."

Timothy smiled sheepishly. "I, uh, I thought a lot about what you said yesterday, mom."

Fiona eyed her son for a few seconds, then she waved her hand backward. "That's good. Come on in, then."

When Timothy entered, he found Blinker and Kar were still there. Or they had visited a second time? He wasn't sure. It didn't seem likely they had spent an entire day in the Spynet, but they _were_ immortals with little need for sleep.

"Aunt Blinker, Uncle Kar." Timothy said, smiling weakly. He felt exposed without the Mind of Logic. He lacked confidence, and it showed.

"You look tired." Blinker observed. "Are you doing alright?"

"Yeah. I've been doing a lot of physical training with Ferral. Intense, but safe. Mainly pushups, pullups, situps, that sort of thing. I even went for a really long run with him yesterday."

Fiona crossed her arms and nodded. She sat in a chair at the same round table as Kar and Blinker. Timothy sat in the final chair, closest to the entry doors.

"So." Fiona said, her tone oddly calm. "Have you thought about what sort of man you want to be?"

"I've been reckless. I'm sorry." Timothy said, lowering his eyes. "But... after thinking about it, I realized this really is who I am. I don't want to sit around in comfort inside Chrona. I want to become someone amazing. Now that I have my Heroic abilities, I can't shake this feeling. It's as if I've heard a calling from a greater power."

Kar chuffed. "Hurgh. Perfectly sensible words! A boy wants to become a man. I see no problem with this."

"The problem isn't your aspirations." Blinker gently said, reaching over to touch Timothy's hand that was resting on the table. "It's the reckless, thoughtless way you've been using your powers. You keep throwing yourself into danger without thinking of the consequences."

Timothy nodded. "I know. I won't be doing that anymore."

He turned and smiled at Fiona. "I'm sorry I worried you, mom. From now on, I'm going to assess my risks much more carefully. Just because I'm offered a Quest doesn't mean I'll take it. I can ignore dangerous ones and focus on slow, incremental gains. I have plenty of time to take my growth slow inside Chrona, anyway."

Fiona seemed to release a breath she had been holding. It appeared she was somewhat relieved..

"That's... that's good, Timothy. I hope you understand that with all the lying you've done recently, I can't fully trust you. But... hopefully you'll start walking a better path now. Don't follow in your father's earliest footsteps. He made a lot of simple mistakes that caused him no end of grief."

Timothy nodded humbly. "Yes, mom."

A moment of levity followed. His apology was simple, but direct. He took full accountability for his failures, which made everyone feel relieved.

Timothy looked around the table.

"There's another reason I came here. Two, actually. I need to use the Spynet to look at as many different animals and sentients of as diverse an array of power as possible. I also wanted to offer you and Uncle Kar a chance to become... Players."

Fiona blinked. "Young man, you are not touching the Spynet for the foreseeable future."

"No, no, mom, it's not like that." Timothy explained. "I have this skill, it's called 'Eye of Yredelemnul', and it allows me to see the stats of other lifeform-"

"It's called WHAT?!" Fiona shrieked, jumping up and looking at Timothy in horror. "What did you just say? Yredelemnul?! Like that horrible, horrible thing Jason mentioned? The monstrosity on Pixiv?!"

Blinker's eyebrows jumped. "My home world? What are you talking about?"

Blinker might be a Fairy Queen, but that was only in terms of her power. She had never returned to Pixiv to learn the ancient secrets, nor had she been formally inducted. She only cared about living with Kar, so she only thought she might go there in the future if the option casually arose. She had no interest in returning for any special reason.

"The Eye of Yredelemnul..." Fiona said, looking at Timothy with deeply frightened eyes. "Jason... Jason saw it! It's a horrible, horrible thing that Queen Calanthra keeps locked away inside her palace on Pixiv. It used to belong to a dark god, and still contains the power of a Ruler! She used it to pierce through dimensions into a place called 'Ripspace.' That's how the fairies traveled from Andromeda to the Milky Way..."

It was fortunate that Jason always kept his spiritual wife in the know with regards to matters like this. She might never have realized Timothy was harboring some horrible fragment of evil inside himself. No wonder he had been acting so strangely. This might even be the reason why he had done something as shameful as peeping on girls like a weird, creepy voyeur!

At least, those were Fiona's initial thoughts. Timothy slowly stood up and raised his hands.

"Mom, it's not like that. It's just the name of the ability. Look, let me list out my abilities and what they do. You'll understand then."

And so he did. Despite having only an hour before he needed to meet with Ferral and Marigold, Timothy took the time to explain his abilities to the others. He wrote down their descriptions and effects, but that didn't stop his mother from continuing to remain spooked.

"Timothy, this power can act as benign as it wants. Even the description says 'The stolen power of a dark god courses through the Player'. If that isn't evil, then what is it?"

Kar lifted his snout. "It says 'stolen'. That means it was not given freely. The weapon of an enemy can still be useful, White Ghost."

"I'd feel better if I could talk to Calanthra." Blinker said while chewing a fingernail. "I agree with Fiona. This power sounds dangerous. But if it hasn't manifested any obviously evil effects, then..."

Timothy threw his hands up. "Look, I just need to examine lots of entities with the Spynet, okay? It allow me to alter my baseline understanding of other creatures so my stat system can become more accurate. Mom, will you help me?"

Fiona struggled with whether she should allow Timothy's request or not. Ultimately, her motherly love won out. She wrung her hands together in consternation, then sighed. "Alright. Alright! I'll show you some people and animals. But I'm in full control, got it?"

It was obvious she didn't trust him not to go peeping on girls again. Though, now that Timothy had experienced the real thing, he had also lost a lot of interest in voyeurism.

"That's fine, mom. Thank you."

Fiona walked over to the computer. She gestured toward the Spynet, where dozens of screens showed various people and places that were being observed at all times.

"Well?" She asked.

Timothy paused. He started rapidly activating the Eye of Yredelemnul to load the stats of one human, demon, and Volgrim after another. Each time he did, Timothy's own stats started to change. When Fiona showed him images of the Volgrim leaders, his stats went down. All of them were extremely powerful in a variety of ways. When she showed him random animals on random planets, his stats went up. Those animals represented the baseline for weakness.

Timothy had his mom cycle through dozens of different Sentients. Before long, his stats had reached a point where they weren't changing anymore. They had normalized, along with the stats of all the other sentients.

A pop-up appeared in front of Timothy.

_Congratulations, Administrator. You have scanned 117/100 required unique living entities. You have unlocked the Bestiary._

Timothy blinked. This was a completely unexpected acquirement. He looked at his tabs, and there was a new tab available that said BESTIARY. He opened it up.

A large interface opened in front of him, complete with pictures, video, stats, and other information about all the creatures and sentients he had scanned. He could look at any of them to learn more information.

Another pop-up appeared.

_The Bestiary collects all known and pertinent knowledge regarding scanned creatures. The more you know about a creature, the more information that will appear. The player can acquire combat bonuses against certain creatures by learning more about them. Upgrading the Eye of Yredelemnul will also grant the Bestiary additional info on newly scanned creatures._

That certainly sounded useful. Timothy opened his Character page to check his stats.

---

Timothy Hiro - Human/Chrona

Level 2 | Newbie | Bottom Mortal

Exp: 99/138

AP: 0/0 | MP: 0/0

STR 10 | DEX 10

INT 9 | WIS 8

DEF 9 | RES 9

CHA 8 | LUK 10

CON 10 | END 11

---

Timothy opened up Ferral's stats as well, now that those had been properly normalized.

Learner Ferral - Psion/Chrona/Volgrim

Level 2 | Newbie | Low Mortal

HP 514/514

AP 14/14 | PP 78/78

STR 11 | DEX 11

INT 10 | WIS 9

DEF 11 | RES 10

CHA 7 | LUK 9

CON 11 | END 13

---

It turned out the massive rift from before where Ferral seemed vastly further ahead of Timothy was actually a relatively small gap. Timothy was weaker than the baseline Sentient. Ferral was a little stronger. But the gap was definitely possible to close, if Timothy worked hard.

With a thought, Timothy pulled up another Sentient he had scanned with his mother's permission.

---

Emperor Belial AKA "Samantha" - Demon/Sharmur

Non-Player | High Mortal

HP 737/737

AP 52/52 | MP 810/810

STR 18 | DEX 18

INT 13 | WIS 14

DEF 12 | RES 11

CHA 17 | LUK 13

CON 12 | END 16

---

Her stats were absolutely insane. Timothy stared with wide-eyed shock at her page. He couldn't believe what he was seeing. 20 was the theoretical limit, with each point upward being vastly harder and harder to attain. If he went against Belial, he would lose. End of story.

His aunt sure was amazing!

"Thanks, mom." Timothy said. "I just unlocked a new feature called the Bestiary."

He quickly explained to her how it worked, and she raised an eyebrow.

"Really? And what are my 'stats' then?"

Timothy checked.

---

Fiona Hiro - Phantasmal Human/Chrona

Non-Player | Bottom Mortal

HP 45/45

AP 2/2 | MP 71/71

STR 8 | DEX 13

INT 17 | WIS 18

DEF 8 | RES 9

CHA 13 | LUK 13

CON 7 | END 19

---

Timothy looked at his mother's stats with even greater surprise! He wrote them down for her, and she appeared equally surprised.

"My endurance is extremely high. That is likely because I'm a phantom that doesn't ever get physically tired. I'm surprised your 'System' rates my intelligence and wisdom so highly."

"I'm not." Timothy said, smiling at his mom. He looked away, slightly embarrassed, then lowered his voice. "...I've always thought you were the smartest person in the universe."

"Oh, honey..." Fiona said, revealing a warm smile. "That's so sweet of you to say."

Timothy grinned sheepishly, then turned and looked back at Blinker and Kar, who had remained seated.

He checked both their stats with a glance.

---

Monster Queen Blinker - Fairy/Chrona/Pixiv

Non-Player | High Mortal

HP 514/514

AP 11/11 | MP 1204/1816

STR 14 | DEX 16

INT 18 | WIS 15

DEF 14 | RES 14

CHA 16 | LUK 14

CON 11 | END 13

---

Monster King Kar - Crocodile/Chrona

Non-Player | Bottom Mortal

HP 75/75 (-1206)

AP 3/3(-75) | MP 14/14(-503)

STR 9(-8) | DEX 10(-5)

INT 14 | WIS 14

DEF 10(-8) | RES 10(-7)

CHA 9 | LUK 9

CON 9(-9) | END 8(-9)

---

Blinker and Kar's stats were even crazier! Timothy could tell Belial and Blinker were roughly equal, each with their own strengths, but he couldn't see any information beyond their stats. Whatever unique skills they had would likely decide the victor if they came to blows.

But it was Kar's stats that broke Timothy's heart.

"Hey, Umi." Timothy whispered. "Why are there minus-numbers next to my uncle Kar's stats?"

Umi blinked to life. "**The Sentient 'Kar' is not a Player character. I am unable to provide detailed information on him.**"

"Well okay, but what do negative numbers _usually_ mean?" Timothy asked.

"**They would often indicate a debuff or affliction reducing a character's stats.**" Umi replied emotionlessly. "**Unless the entity known as 'Kar' joins the King Network, more detailed information cannot be obtained.**"

Timothy hesitated. He had his own theory. Kar had been killed and revived, but had lost all of his former power. What if that power was still inside of him, and thus his stats were majorly debuffed, but they could be recovered? What if making him a Player could restore him to the way he once was?

Timothy chewed his lip. He looked at his mom, who glanced back.

"What?" Fiona asked. "Are you going to share with the class?"

Timothy slowly nodded. He grabbed a notebook, then scribbled down his stats, his mom's stats, then Blinker and Kar's stats. He walked over to the table and placed the notepad down.

"Like I said earlier," Timothy explained. "I was thinking of turning you and Kar into Players. Then you could level up and get stronger like me. And Uncle Kar... I think it would benefit you the most. You um... you used to be really strong, right? You could become strong again. Maybe even more powerful than before!"

Blinker and Kar looked at the notepad, comparing themselves to Timothy and Fiona.

"...What do these negative numbers mean?" Kar asked. "Hurgh. They do not look good."

"I'm not entirely sure." Timothy admitted. "But I think they're what your stats would be if you weren't... uh..."

"Crippled?" Kar asked, looking up at Timothy.

"I- I wouldn't use that word specifically..." Timothy said, trailing off.

Kar chuffed. He tapped the notepad, then looked at his wife. After staring into her beautiful eyes for a moment, he looked back at Timothy.

"It is tempting to accept the offer. But didn't you say before that you have limited slots available?"

"Yeah..." Timothy muttered. "I only have two. I was actually thinking of inviting Marigold to be a Player too, and I currently have the choice of adding one Player slot or obtaining a rare and powerful Skill. I'm just... not sure what to do."

Kar leaned back in his chair.

"Game Boy. I am content with my life. Butterfly and I are bringing back the crocodiles. The Battle Bastards who killed my people are both dead. I no longer have any need to attain power. I may be weak, but I am surrounded by family members who love me. Yes, as a man it is tempting to desire power simply to act big and tough. But I have never sought power for power's sake. It is of no consequence to me."

He waved his hand toward Fiona. "White Ghost. You should become a Player, like your son. You are the core of Chrona. If you can gain powerful new abilities, you may be able to save our decaying dimension. As for me, I will pass on this opportunity. I thank my wonderful nephew for offering, but you should give this opportunity to the younger generation. Little Marigold seems a fine mate for you."

Fiona looked at Kar, then she looked at Timothy and frowned. "Are you sure you want to give your girlfriend this power? You barely know her, right? Don't you think you should be in a more committed relationship first?"

Timothy shrugged. "The sooner she becomes a Player, and you as well mom, the sooner you guys can start leveling up and becoming stronger. Don't you think that's for the best?"

Fiona shrugged her shoulder helplessly, than shook her head. "You can do as you please, Timothy. I do admit... this power of yours could fulfill a lot of my strategic objectives. With Jason gone, I've been heaping all the magical work onto Blinker's shoulders. Do you think your game power could give me magical abilities?"

Timothy immediately nodded. "A hundred percent it will, mom. You will get to complete quests, and those quests give rewards you can use to pursue the type of power system you want to develop. I think it'll be a big upgrade for you."

Fiona didn't seem especially excited, but she did privately think that using the power would help her better understand it. In secret, she was terrified her son had bitten off more than he could chew. The more she knew, the better she could foresee future problems and protect him. She was especially horrified by the revelations of Yredelemnul being somehow involved in Timothy's power. She could never forgive herself if her son turned into some dark god's slave by using a power that wasn't really his. What if Timothy wasn't a Trueborn Hero at all, but an unwitting pawn of something or someone evil?

She would die before she let that happen.

"...Alright. Turn me into a Player, then." Fiona finally said.

Timothy nodded. He activated the System's invite function, and his mother flinched. A giant screen had appeared right in front of her face.

[AN ADMINISTRATOR IS INVITING YOU TO THE KING NETWORK.]

[IF YOU ACCEPT THIS REQUEST, YOU WILL BECOME A PLAYER.]

[WILL YOU ACCEPT THE FRIEND REQUEST AND JOIN TIMOTHY HIRO'S PARTY?]

[YES | NO]

Fiona stared blankly.

"What do I do?" She asked.

"Just press 'Yes', mom." Timothy said.

And so she did. Fiona Hiro activated the King Network and became the third Player to join its ranks.

None present could have foreseen how her ascension would someday drastically change the galaxy's balance of power...