Part 475: A Glinch in the Matrix
Part 475: A Glinch in the Matrix

In the wake of Mephisto's self-destruction, a field of carnage lays out in the open for all to see. Beelzebub tries to help the others pick themselves up, but ultimately, not many of humanity's allies remain alive at the end of the battle.

In fact, all of the humans have died, their broken, shattered bodies crumpled in heaps here and there.

Blinker gingerly caresses her aching chest. Despite being blown into her Illusory Realm, she didn't enjoy a soft landing. Had she not been partially monsterized in her pseudo-Sphinx form, she might have died on impact. As it stands, she enjoys the agony of multiple broken ribs.

Compared to the others, though, she got off easy.

"Damn..." Blinker whispers, looking dejectedly at every single dead human laying amidst the ruins. "That Mephisto... that boney-bastard..."

Uriel shakily walks around, her vision bleary and a dull ringing echoing in her ears. As the hardiest combatant on the field, she suffered the least direct damage, but that doesn't mean she got off easily.

"Bloodskin heretic," she murmurs, while waving her hands to re-summon her three brothers.

Michael, Gabriel, and Raphael reappear. Despite having had their phantasmal bodies obliterated in the shockwave, they also didn't suffer any permanent damage. After all, Uriel creates them with her mana and thus they can easily die and rebirth an infinite number of times.

Gabriel looks around the area. His expression turns grim.

"Unfortunate."

Michael nods. "Leave it to a Demon Emperor."

After summoning her brothers, Uriel flies over to the most badly injured person, Emperor Kiari. Despite her obvious hatred for demonkind, she doesn't detest the cute demoness nearly as much as her kin. She splashes a bit of healing water on Kiari to stabilize her injuries and mend a few internal wounds, then glowers at Beelzebub beside her.

"Thy feats were quite impressive during this fight, Emperor of Hellfire."

"As were yours." Beelzebub curtly replies.

The two of them stare at each other with deep meaning. It wasn't long ago that Uriel beat the absolute shit out of Beelzebub, stomping his head into paste over and over again. He can't help but resent her actions, even if he has to silently admit he deserved every blow.

Elsewhere, a pair of fairies collapse to their knees beside a third, unmoving figure.

"Saria..." Ruto whispers, as blood leaks from her mouth. "Cough... she's... she's..."

Princess Melia's right arm hangs limp at her side. One of her wings is missing, having been torn off when she crashed against the wall. She only survived thanks to a magical trinket her mother gave her, but even that has been obliterated, fulfilling its sole purpose. Despite surviving, she feels nothing but a bitter pain as she looks at her fallen retainer's body.

"I should have placed down a defensive formation." Melia mutters. "Stupid. Worthless. I can't believe myself."

Princess Ruto sniffles as tears come unbidden to her eyes. She touches Saria's chest, hoping she will discover a spark of life still remaining. Sadly, she does not. Her best friend of several hundred years lays unmoving, never again to roam the mortal coil.

"Aaauuu... Saria... no!!"

Ruta becomes inconsolable. She ignores the agony of her own badly broken body, sobbing and wailing while her broken bones only add to her torment.

As for Melia, she grieves quietly, in her own princess-like way, willing herself to remain strong. As a future leader of her people, she must detach herself from the deaths of even her closest subordinates, though her mother would likely grant her leniency on today's occurrence.

While the fairies grieve, Blinker lands beside Raphael's construct. She glances around at all the dead bodies with a deep look of sadness.

"These people are my friends." Blinker says. "They can still rise as The Respected... but not Saria. Tell me we at least accomplished something useful, old man."

Raphael's eyes lower. His bushy eyebrows momentarily hide his gaze.

"Alas. I fear the Necromancer may hath outwitted us. We fell for his ploy."

"What? We did?" Blinker asks, turning to look at the broken necromantic altar. "But he's dead. There's nothing left. The idiot got compressed into a speck of dirt!"

Raphael raises his head. He looks at the Monster Queen with a deep gaze.

"Dost thou believeth the Emperor of Legions a fool? Think again. That force field protecting him was not a force field at all. T'was an Absorption Field."

Raphael doesn't bother to explain the difference. He easily observes Blinker's eyes turning dark as she realizes the implication.

"An Absorption Field?! So Mephisto was using the strength of our attacks to... to what, exactly? He must have been converting that energy for some purpose!"

Beelzebub flies over to the two of them. Thanks to his keen demonic hearing, he easily makes out their conversation. He holds up his palm, revealing a small blackened orb.

"This is all that remains of Valac's Lantern." Beelzebub says.

Blinker looks at the orb, but then her eyes roam a tad lower. With a quiet grunt, she motions with her fingers to conjure some pants and a shirt to cover Beelzebub's naked body. Beelzebub refuses to acknowledge her act of kindness.

"So the Lantern is destroyed." Blinker says, acting as if she didn't just see Beelzebub's Bits for the umpteenth time in an hour. "Then doesn't that mean Mephisto's plan failed, Raphael?"

"I believe Mephisto was refining something." Raphael says, his tone grim. "Deliberately, he recalled all of those Emperor souls back to his control. He backstabbed Yama, and he dids't tear Zamiel's soul out without a shred of mercy. Verily, I can think of many uses one might have for souls as mighty as those belonging to Demon Emperors, but none of them would be uses we might consider 'pure'."

Blinker shakes her head.

"You're overthinking things, Archangel. Mephisto probably did have some elaborate plan, but we unleashed too much power. Even an Absorption Field has its limits. When the field overloaded, it compressed into a micro-singularity and killed Mephisto on the spot."

Raphael doesn't appear convinced. 

"Thou art thinking too simply. The Necromancer could have easily fled, yet he did not. This shows he had a high confidence in his plan's success. He remained in place, refining some sort of magical device or a spell, right until the bitter end. Verily I say unto thee, one does not do such a thing when they are as well-known a coward as Mephisto... not unless he had some assurances."

Beelzebub strokes his chin. "Say what you want about Mephisto. He was a yellow-belly, a pathetic little snake, and maybe even a worm. But he wasn't an idiot. He was always plotting something. He's probably dead, but we should be on our guard. It's possible he might have made contingencies in the event his magic failed."

Blinker nods. "You should destroy that orb, Beelzebub. It's high time we finally eliminated the last vestiges of Emperor Valac's influence."

"That object has a dreadful history." Raphael agrees. "Melt it to slag."

Beelzebub nods. Without speaking a word of acknowledgment, he presses both his hands on top of the compressed Lantern's remains. He ignites a violent but fully contained thermonuclear heat of 4000 degrees in his palm, creating a miniature star that focuses all of its fury on the object in its center.

What remains of Valac's Lantern crumbles within seconds. Beelzebub continues maintaining the heat for a full minute while Raphael observes and Blinker heads off to teleport the injured back to the Core.

When he finishes, Beelzebub opens his palm to reveal a handful of ashes that ultimately scatter to the floor. He nods at Raphael and starts to turn away...

"Beelzebub." Raphael says.

"Hm?" Beelzebub grunts, glancing at the Archangel of Wisdom curiously.

Raphael says nothing for a few moments. He narrows his eyes.

"Hath thou... learned any Cosmic Truths yet?"

"Pardon?" Beelzebub asks, blinking twice.

Once again, Raphael remains silent for a few moments.

"There is a... strange odor on thy person." Raphael says cryptically.

"I bathe myself in fire constantly. I shouldn't stink." Beelzebub retorts.

"That is not my meaning." Raphael says, cocking his head slightly. "Coulds't thou potentially be... a Candidate?"

Invisible question marks pop up over the Emperor of Hellfire's head.

"I beg your pardon?"

"A Candidate to become a Ruler..." Raphael starts to explain, before pausing. "Nay. Thy eyes speak of ignorance. Never mind. I am merely rambling."

Raphael flaps his wings. He takes to the air and leaves Beelzebub standing in his wake, while the Emperor of Hellfire scratches his head in confusion.

"...I think that old pigeon has a few screws loose."

---

Elsewhere in the Milky Way. On the world of Numaria, a planet filled with lush and beautiful forests, sweeping vistas, and beautiful landscapes, where the Hell of Punishment resides...

On a remote continent far from any population centers, there exists a strange blighted area that stains the otherwise paradise-like planet of beauty and perfection. In this dead zone, strange, horrifying creatures roam. Monsters and mutants. Entities with violently distorted bodies, mismatched limbs, lepers who lament their existence. Not only do their exteriors make them appear like freaks, but their internals are no better, with terribly mismatched vital organs that barely manage to keep them alive.

And not one of these formerly beautiful, powerful, or noble existences exists without suffering unimaginable pain and torment. Every waking moment is one of torturous survival. Perhaps, if these creatures were more lucid, they might even take their own lives rather than live a day longer.

Sadly, strange compulsions force them to continue living in vegetative, zombified states. They exist unwillingly, never again to enjoy free and fulfilled lives.

Few entities in the universe know of this strange five-hundred-mile 'dead zone' on the world of Numaria. Fewer care about its existence, or fully understand its source and what causes it.

Half a mile beneath the planet's surface, smack in the middle of the dead zone, an underground facility exists. A demonic laboratory, one that appears surprisingly clean, organized, and tidy, despite what the monsters roaming outside would suggest.

Torches line the walls, but their flickering flames are colored purple, giving the entire underground dwelling an ominous glow. Countless rooms house prisoners chained to the floors, walls, or torture devices. Many of them have had their vocal cords severed, so that they cannot scream.

_The Master of the Dead Zone does not like to be annoyed._

Of course, the region _does_ have a proper name. Those in the know often refer to it as...

**The Stitched Wasteland.**

Inside its underground compound, only one creature roams free: The master of this realm, a fearsome predator even among his fellow demons.

The Stitched Emperor, _Glinch_.

Emperor Glinch's body is a freakish, hellish combination of many other different creatures. Multiple legs line his lower body, with many of them having mismatched colors and appearances. They give him a spider-like appearance, but most ghoulishly, they do not even appear to come from the same species.

At the same time, several arms stick out of his back, front, and sides. Five eyes of different colors and sizes rest in asymmetrical places on his head, with three of them on the left and two on the right. Even his teeth seem to be from different entities, with some of them flat and humanlike, while others are more serrated and sharklike.

Simply put, the Stitched Emperor looks as if he has forcibly grafted various body parts from other beings onto himself. He resembles a monster from a horror story, yet walks smoothly and with practiced ease.

Inside Glinch's primary laboratory, where he performs the work he deems most important, a demonstone tablet lays flat on a circular altar. A rune glows on its surface, magically projecting a containment field above  where more than a dozen differently-colored orbs of light 'swim' around, some of them large, and others small. Like fish trapped in a fishbowl, the orbs bounce against the walls, struggling to get free.

However, one of the orbs does not act in the same manner as the rest. The largest and most imposing grey-colored orb hovers in the center, as if confidently ignoring any threat to its existence.

"It seems all went according to plan!" Glinch says cheerfully, his voice sounding surprisingly pleasing to one's ears. Thanks to having stolen the vocal cords of another being long ago, his voice has almost a sing-songy quality to its vibrato. "One, two, three... so many Duke and Emperor souls! You've truly thought it all out, haven't you, Mephist-bro?!"

The orb in the center of the rest glows a little brighter.

"Ksss. Remember our deal, Glinch." Mephisto hisses, his words telepathically traveling to Glinch's troubled mind.

"Oh, deal, _shmeal_. Don't be such a workaholic!" Glinch chirps, clasping several of his hands together in unison. He smiles prettily, the expression looking quite unnerving due to his disfigured face. "We haven't spoken in ages! It would be such a shame to just get right down to business, don't you think?"

"...We ssspoke not even a week ago." Mephisto grumbles in annoyance.

Glinch begins circling around the altar, waving his hands theatrically while he moves.

"It's such a shame all of my favorite humans disappeared recently!" Glinch says, ignoring Mephisto's tone. "Do you have ANY idea how hard it is to find reliable, mint-condition 'parts'? Humans have the best compatibility, you know. And they're so simple to operate on, even an imbecile could do it!"

"I do not wisssh to dissscusss mundanitiesss..." Mephisto mutters. "Get on with the procccedure."

"There you go again, always jumping the line." Glinch admonishes, waggling five different pointer-fingers. "Work, work, work. You should stop sometimes and smell the roses!"

"I have no sssenssse of sssmell."

"I can fix that!" Glinch suddenly says, his eyes bugging out. He zips toward the orb, hovering over it with an eager and hungry gaze. "Do you want a functioning nose?! I have lots of parts you can choose from! Humans, monsters, demons, even whale noses! How about some skin? I can change your appearance for you! Your new body can be so much prettier than your old one! OOOH, I know! What if I make you a GIRL?! I love shifting my gender! I've done it a hundred times by now! It won't even hurt a bit!"

"My original appearanccce will be adequate." Mephisto says, his words sounding as if spoken through gnashed teeth.

"Adequate! Hah! You have no sense of adventure. Let me tell you, there's no greater joy than getting to see the world through someone else's eyes, or walking a mile in their feet. And I should know! HAH. HAH. HAH."

Glinch laughs in an extremely odd, stilted manner. It comes off sounding forced, as if he never once in his life learned how a normal person would do such a thing. It even momentarily unnerves Mephisto, making him fall silent for a few moments.

Mephisto gazes through his soul-vision at the other souls trapped in the magical containment field with himself.

Then he turns his attention back to Glinch.

"If you do not do asss I sssay... you will not receive the _thing_ which your heart mossst desssiresss. You ssshould proccceed with the operation, possst-hassste."

Glinch's happy smile abruptly changes.

His entire demeanor changes.

A cold, ominous light appears in his eyes.

"Don't even think of threatening me, _Emperor of Legions._ I hold your life in my hands."

He looms over the altar, his freakish body now appearing truly horrifying as he dispenses with the pleasantries.

"You've already become my slave. From this day forward, you will never be able to betray me. So don't act as if you have any leverage."

Despite Glinch's threats, Mephisto remains undaunted.

"I am aware. Ssspeak not asss if I am a fool. The sssoner I assscend, the sssooner we can both begin reaping the rewardsss..."

"Mmm. The rewards." Glinch says, nodding slowly. "Those, I do look forward to."

Several seconds pass. Glinch gazes off to the side, as if lost in thought.

"Fine. Talking to you isn't any fun anyway. Might as well get this over with so I can return to my research."

Glinch walks over to a nearby table, where a multitude of tools, gadgets, and magical devices rest. He begins putting gloves on each of his hands, a process that takes more than three minutes due to the sheer number of arms on his body. Then he dons a surgical mask, and a splatter-resistant apron.

The Stitched Emperor picks up a glowing rune with one of his hands, a magically enchanted hammer with another, and a dozen more implements. Then he walks back to the containment field with all the souls sealed within.

"Mephisto! You bastard!" Lupus snarls, throwing her soul uselessly against Mephisto's. She bounces away, damaging neither him nor herself. "What are you trying to pull?!"

"Yeah!" Zamiel exclaims. "What's going on here, anyway?! Why did you trap all of us here, including yourself? Are you crazy?!"

Mephisto's soul remains in the same place, unmoved no matter how the others crash against him.

"We are all about to particccipate in a gloriousss event. Perhapsss the firssst in demonic hissstory. Be grateful that I have allowed you to experienccce my ultimate plan... _for Assscensssion..._"

Glinch reaches toward the containment field. His hand passes through the barrier and grabs onto Mephisto's soul, making the Emperor of Legions cry out in pain.

"Aaargh!"

"You think this hurts now?" Glinch asks coolly. "For the next three days, your suffering will be unending. But this much pain is necessary for the _soul stitching_ to work as planned. I don't want to hear your whining the whole time, so you had better suck it up."

Mephisto telepathically grimaces.

"Jussst do it! We can take the pain!"

"Soon enough, we'll see if that's true or not." Glinch says, as he begins his work.

"Aaaargh!"

"Aaaaahhh!!"

"AAAAAIIIEEE!"

Mephisto's screams of torment continue, seemingly never to end.