A tiny imp raced in front of him and rubbed his claws together gleefully. "Emperor Diablo! Always a pleasure to see you, your nastiness!" 

He nodded at the imp. "Dingle, I've summoned the Council of Dukes. They should all be here shortly. Gather any relevant information in the meantime."

"Of course! Anything for you! Nyehehe!" 

Dingle quickly turned and scurried up the hall, and he pivoted to face the Warper behind him. 

"Grigori. I'll be back soon. Consume a few souls if you must, but I don't want to wait for your energy to refill."

The lanky demon wove some hand signs. "Of course. It is as you wish, Third Emperor."

"Great. I can't wait to hear what's gone wrong this time."

After breaking away from Grigori, he plodded down the hallway, yawning all the while. _He had to wake up from a nap for this. Ever since the Black Witch escaped containment, there was always something going wrong in the Labyrinth._

Devils. She was more than a nuisance at this point. He was reasonably confident she had no grudge against the Emperors, but if she did, it would be such a _drag_ to have to fight her. There would be a whole process. He would have to gather the Dukes and form a strike force. What a pain.

He stopped just before leaving the hall in front of a shiny demonstone slab. Thanks to the light entering from the outer room, he could check his appearance. As always, a few black hairs stuck up on his head, spurning his efforts to keep everything slicked back and professional-looking. He quickly licked his hand and smoothed them down, but with his luck, they would pop back up in a few minutes anyway. 

His pressed black robes, as always, were stunning. The red cloak and its golden linings spoke to his status. He didn't care about looking good for anyone in particular, but being a Demon Emperor meant he had to try to look the part. The devil only knew how Belial's flitting about damaged the reputation of the Council.

He stifled another massive yawn. He barely got any rest these days. There was always some trifle wasting his time, some inane tomfoolery pulling him away from the sweet embrace of sleep.

Stepping out into the main chamber, he stifled his gag reflex as the smell of the River Styx hit him like a cave troll. The pungent green liquid roiled a few levels below, flowing from one corner of the Labyrinth to the other, forming a perpetual stream that never ended. The images of human souls rising from the liquid and screaming in agony didn't sit as well with him as they had in the past ages, possibly since he didn't need to consume them anymore. Judging by the greedy looks on the faces of the imps scampering about, they would be all too eager to swipe a few souls when nobody was looking, were it not for the _consequences_ of soul theft.

He nodded at several massive minotaur guards patrolling the river. Their axes swung with enough force to dent demonstone, and that was no small feat. These mangy imps wouldn't dare grab for a few souls with the elite guards patrolling. Not unless they wanted their heads lopped from their shoulders.

Yes, every soul was precious. Humans were limited in quantity, and most of the souls that ended up in the Styx were aged and decrepit, or too young to have much energy. It was a delicate balance, trying to ensure the fair distribution of souls, and someone had to do it.

He just wished it wasn't him.

Minutes passed as he made his way down the side-wall paths of the massive chamber. The sounds of imps and human slaves pounding on demonstone to forge new tools echoed off the walls. Sometimes he could even hear the crack of a whip as a Demon Lord punished a slacker. By the time he arrived at the bottom, he could finally make out the sound of deep, uproarious laughter in the distance. The one making such guttural noises could only be Bael.

"-then I said, 'If you're hankering to die, I can oblige!' So I slapped the head clean off the bastard's body! Gwahaha!"

Bael and two other Dukes, Mephisto and Barbatos, came into view as he rounded a corner. Bael, the fourth most powerful demon in the Labyrinth, and the highest-ranked of the Dukes, slapped his knee and wiped a tear away as he regaled the other two with his no-doubt hilarious story about torture and pain. His brutishly powerful body usually cowed most lesser demons into nervously laughing, but among the other Dukes, it hadn't much effect. They merely nodded politely at his crude banter. 

_He wished Bael would put on a damn shirt. Come on, they all got it; he was a big guy._ The bone belt with human skulls was a little excessive too. At least he was wearing underwear. The Devil knew he didn't want to see what he was hiding down _there_. Several chains wrapped around his chest and connected to a massive flail hanging on his back, one that weighed over half a ton.

'Big Bonk,' he called it. What a guy.

Bael spotted him the instant he appeared. "Oy! Diablo's here! Took you long enough, ya lazy bum!"

He forced a smile. "Long time, no see, Bael, Barbatos, Mephisto."

The other two Dukes were very different from Bael and him. While they had the traditional red skin and hulking muscles, Mephisto was an incorporeal entity, not unlike a ghost, while Barbatos was a demonsteel-clad behemoth wearing black and gold armor over every inch of his body. Barbatos, the Third Duke, was the sixth-ranked demon in the Labyrinth, surpassed only by the Three Emperors, Bael, and Agares. However, his personal opinion was that he was probably the mightiest Duke of all. Bael was very fortunate the metal monster wasn't one with an eye for leadership.

Barbatos growled as he stopped near the trio. "Third." 

He didn't like to waste his breath.

He turned from the black and gold-clad giant to Mephisto, the Seventh-ranked demon in the Labyrinth. He was much shorter than the rest of them, which probably explained his inferiority complex. His body was partially translucent, allowing light to pass through. Mephisto's title, the Duke of Mist, befitted how he lived his life. He and Barbatos, the Duke of Steel, were considered invincible. Neither had had a scratch put on their bodies in their entire life.

At least, not by other demons.

"Mephisto. It's been a while since we last spoke. A hundred years, by my reckoning."

The Duke of Mist rubbed his skeletal hands together and hissed from under his grey robe and hood. He could barely make out the blood-red eyes marking his identity as a demon. These days, there weren't many demons who had seen his skinless face, but he had. "Diablo, the pleasssure isss mine. The Ssseventh Gate hasss proven quite monotonousss of late."

"So I hear," he murmured. "Who called the meeting today?"

Bael guffawed. "You don't know?! Bahaha! I bet an imp woke you up! We oughta rename you the Emperor of Sloth!"

He made a mental note to break his neck later, though not because he was correct in his assumption or anything like that. He would _never_ dream of sleeping on the job. 

"Just tell me, Bael."

The look of annoyance on his face shut him up. He probably still smarted from the last thrashing he had given him. "Oh, erm, uh... President Ose called the meeting."

"Ose? Haven't seen her around in a while."

Barbatos shifted, causing the black metal encasing his body to clink and clank. "Agares. Belial. Where?" His deep voice was all the worst parts of a bear and a troll mixed into one; unpleasant to listen to for any length of time. He was glad he didn't talk much.

"I'm sure Agares will show up soon, along with that pupil of his. Belial though... well, we all know how Belial is."

Bael chuckled. "Lazy whore."

Mephisto took a step away from Bael. "I'd watch your mouth if I wasss you, Duke of Pain. Your title will take on a new meaning if ssshe hearsss you."

"Pft. I have nothing to fear from a woman." Bael, feigning obliviousness to Belial's combat prowess, continued running his mouth without a care in the world. He knew Belial could slap him through ten miles of the Labyrinth's walls effortlessly, yet he continued to insult her. He could only hope she didn't learn of his comments and decide to teach the big guy a lesson.

His arms crossed involuntarily, and he stifled a shudder. _He still remembered the one time he made an off-hand negative comment about Satan's performance as the former First Emperor when Belial was around. She broke almost every bone in his body._

The other three didn't say anything, but he noticed Bael shoot a look of curiosity at him. It was obvious what he was thinking. _I wonder if the First Emperor will show this time?_

Of course not. The First was a recluse. Only Belial and he had ever seen the First in person, and neither could retain their identity in their minds. It gave him the creeps knowing the Labyrinth's highest authority was a demon nobody remembered.

The four of them shared idle banter for a bit, while the stench of the River Styx wafted toward them now and then. 

Bael reached back and scratched his ass, pausing to sniff his finger afterward. Gross. "Hey, Diablo, what's the deal with the little human girl running around? When do we get to snap her in half?"

"We don't," he muttered. "Though I presume today's meeting has something to do with the Black Witch, so we'll find out soon enough."

"Whaddya mean, we don't? It's one brat! She ain't even half my size! Just give the word, and I'll have her gone by this time tomorrow!" Bael pounded his fist into his palm, making a loud _wham_ as it sent a shockwave around the room. He was too confident in his physical strength.

"Sssize hardly mattersss," Mephisto hissed, which seemed slightly ironic, given his short stature. "Bael, the Black Witch killed Sssatan. The combined power of all Dukesss couldn't achieve sssuch a feat. Have patience."

"That was a long time ago," Bael grunted. "We ain't got nothin' to be afraid of anymore. I'm way tougher'n I used to be."

He sighed and shook his head. "Perhaps so... but if Satan couldn't beat her, none of us can. That's a fact not even you can dismiss."

Bael rolled his eyes. "Pft. We'll see."

Barbatos shifted again, causing everyone to flinch, including himself, as his armor ground together. "Agares approaches."

He quickly swept his eyes in every direction, but no matter where he looked, the old man wasn't visible. It took a full minute of waiting before the sound of his cane tapping on the ground caught their attention, causing him to wonder how Barbatos could hear him. Even for a demon, his senses were unusually acute.

"Ahh, sorry, sorry." 

The Duke of Reptiles apologized as he appeared on the other side of the River Styx. It wasn't a wide gap, but it still impressed him when he spryly hopped the river, landed on the tip of his cane, perched for a moment, then dropped to the ground into a hunched-over standing position. A glance behind him revealed his young pupil, Beelzebub, one of the more promising Lords in the lower echelons of power. Beelzebub lightly jumped into the air, and two small jets of flame erupted from under his boots, propelling him over the river. Magnificent. He was a prodigy, able to control magic without forming the signs — a rare ability among demons.

Himself, Bael, Agares, Barbatos, Mephisto, and Beelzebub formed today's Council. Belial was nowhere to be seen, and the First Emperor obviously wouldn't show up, but they had enough leaders here to deliberate.

Agares cleared his throat. "I suppose we can begin."

Beelzebub sniffled. "A shame the Council had to hold their meeting here. The stench is ghastly."

"Hah! Got a weak stomach for souls, boy?!" Bael lumbered over to Beelzebub and slapped the lad on his back, knocking the wind out of him and nearly sending him sprawling to the ground. "Nothin' like the smell of death in the morning to get a demon's blood pumping! Up and at 'em!"

"Kuh-" Beelzebub gasped for breath, and twinges of fire spit from his mouth as he wheezed. "Cuh-clumsy oaf!"

While they shared a moment of brotherly affection, the imp from earlier, Dingle, ran up to Agares, a smile spread across his face, and a scroll of parchment held in his hands. It was nearly as tall as his whole body. "Duke of Reptiles! Nyahaha! I have the President's thingy here for you!"

Agares smiled and took the parchment from the tiny imp, then patted him on the head. "Thank you kindly, young one. Run along, then."

As Dingle skittered away, Agares chuckled. "Oh, they're all so cute before they mutate."

"And weak," Bael replied. He wandered back to his original spot beside him and started grinning like he said the funniest joke in the world. He didn't understand him sometimes.

Several moments passed as Agares unrolled the parchment and squinted to examine it. He always tried to play up his age like he was a frail old codger, but he knew better. "Hmm. Yes, yes, I see. The group of rogue humans has liberated several outer worlds in the last few months. Additionally, a monster uprising has resulted in the loss of the Labyrinth Core, which means we cannot travel to more than one planet at a time to replenish the human souls in the River Styx."

"Cheh. Monsters. I guess they've forgotten who runs the place." Bael leaned forward and flexed aggressively. "I'll go down there and knock some sense into Bahamut! That oughta teach the bitch a lesson!"

Agares flicked his eyes up from the parchment, stared at Bael in annoyance for all of two seconds, then looked back down. "Beelzebub. Tell him."

The Lord of Fire smirked. "It's depressing how far out of the loop you are, Duke of Pain. Bahamut died over two months ago. She was killed by a young upstart, at that. One of Marie's children!"

"Marie?! That whore!" Bael balked for a moment, before scratching his head. "The name sounds familiar."

Agares unrolled a bit more of the scroll. "It should. Our best Oracle, Umi, works under her direct supervision. Umi has never once given us unreliable information."

Bael nodded dumbly. "So this Marie chick, what kinda gal is she? Succubus? Raven? Vampiress? Maybe even a Felaris? I like their kitty tails."

Barbatos, unamused by Bael's stupidity, growled out a single word. "Human."

"What? A human?! No way! We ain't working with no stinkin' fleshbag! You've gotta be kidding me!"

"He isn't, and we are," he said, shooting a death glare at Bael. "Stop interrupting. Marie is one of our best tools. The ideal way to control humans is for someone who knows their psychology to invent mental traps. Breaking the human body is a simple matter, but breaking the mind is no trifle. As the former leader of humanity, she's the second-best person for the job."

Mephisto hissed. "Presssident Ossse hasss done more than Marie to ssserve demonkind."

"Yes, true, and she bests Marie when it comes to knowledge of human psychology, but let's not get off track. Agares?"

Agares continued. "Thanks to the monster alliance with humankind, they've begun building fortified bases on human worlds. I've even heard talk of a technology boom. The humans may soon start creating weapons."

"Weapons?" Beelzebub leaned over his mentor's shoulder and squinted at the paper. "What sorts of weapons?"

Mephisto's eyes jerked around uneasily. "Kss... you were not yet whelped during the Energy Warsss, ssso you likely have little idea of what they are capable. Humansss usssed devicesss called 'gunsss' and 'riflesss' to fight back againssst the demonsss. Their technology ssslowly improved to the point that we were no threat to them."

Beelzebub crossed his arms and looked at Bael, then him. "If I weren't standing among the Council members, I'd find such a proposition laughable. Humans, fighting back and crushing demons? Inconceivable."

Bael grunted. For once, a look of doubt appeared in his eyes. "It's true, whelp. Humans ain't a match for us now, but that wasn't always the case. There were times even I thought we'd go extinct, or be forced to live underground in caves and shafts for the rest of eternity."

"What changed?"

Beelzebub's probing went unanswered. Before Bael could reply, Agares held up a hand. "Hold your tongue, Duke of Pain. You know we're not to discuss the Energy Wars with the young." He turned to Beelzebub and wagged a finger. "You're being groomed for power, boy. Know your place. Someday the secret information will be yours for the taking, but that day has yet to pass."

Beelzebub's expression flattened, and he sighed. "Of course. Forgive my impudence."

His foot started tapping. "Come on, let's get this meeting over with. Finish Ose's scroll so we can get out of here."

Agares nodded and returned his attention to the unrolled paper. "Umi's confidence threshold has lowered ten percent since we last contacted her. She believes that the monsters are not working alone and that a certain human may be assisting them."

"Black Witch." Barbatos's voice rumbled in the air, and everyone nodded along with him.

"She isss a troublemaker, that one. A ssshame Joan didn't finisssh her off."

"Maybe this is part of her plan," he mused. "Agares, didn't you tell me you confronted her recently?"

The old bat nodded. "Aye. My pupil was with me at the time. She insisted she wasn't interested in causing trouble in the Labyrinth."

"She is the rumored 'Black Witch,' though." Beelzebub stated. He paused for a moment. "Come to think of it, didn't she have a human male with her?"

Agares rubbed his forehead and squinted at the ceiling as he searched for the memory. "Oh, yes, I remember. A lanky, scrawny little thing. Looked like he hadn't a good meal a day in his life. I wonder why she was bringing him along."

Bael snickered. "Maybe the kid broke her out of the statue."

"Don't be ridiculousss," Mephisto countered. "Her ssstatue wassss sssealed with powerful magic. We concluded that it would take the might of all the Demon Emperorsss to releassse her."

"I know, I know. I'm just kiddin', sheesh." Bael coughed into his fist. "Anyway, it sounds like we're coming back around to my plan. We gotta take out the Black Witch."

Agares rolled the parchment back up and slid it into the folds of his robe. "You might be correct after all, Bael. We assembled the Council today just in case we might have to make such a decision. Facing down the Black Witch will not be a simple task."

He shuddered as a memory of the day she slew Satan appeared in his mind. Waving it away, he yawned. "Fine. We'll take a vote, then. If anyone is in favor of engaging the Black Witch, raise your hand. If four of us agree to attack, we'll all have to pitch in."

He didn't raise his hand. Neither did Agares, but Mephisto, Bael, and Beelzebub did. He was slightly surprised when he looked at Barbatos and saw he hadn't raised his hand, either.

"Barbatos, you don't wish to attack the Black Witch?"

The Duke of Steel slowly turned his armored head to look at him. He could just barely make out the scorching red coals of eyes illuminated beneath his helmet. The sight chilled him to the bone. "Peace. Negotiate. I will not fight unless I must."

He tried to swallow, but his saliva stuck in his throat. "Y-yes, I see your point. Well, that's a three to three split. I guess we'll have to put it off a while."

Bael glared at him. "Pansy. I bet Belial would've raised her hand if she were here."

"Of course, but she didn't pop her head in," he said, coughing into his fist. "Barbatos has a point, however. Perhaps we could learn the Black Witch's motivations and strike a deal with her. Mephisto, Barbatos, I want the two of you to visit her. Bring Agares and the whelp along for backup. I know you four are the most reasonable members of the Council, so you might be able to persuade her to stop draining our resources."

Bael guffawed. "Hey! What about me?! If she starts swinging, I should be there to knock her flat on her ass! I'll put the little runt in her place!"

He sighed. "Ugh. Bael, you never listen, do you? We're going to try diplomacy. You're the worst when it comes to speaking softly and carrying a big stick. You'll piss her off, and then we'll be forced into a bloody conflict." He paused to stare at him for a moment. "Besides... I don't believe we could beat her even if everyone here joined together."

The Duke of Pain rolled his eyes. "I think you're just a scaredy-imp. Whatever. Just promise me that if negotiations break down, I get to take the first swing at the brat."

"I can do that. Hell, it might do you some good to get the shit kicked out of you once in a while."

"Hehe." Agares chuckled.

"HAH HAH." Barbatos laughed twice, and it was possibly the worst noise he had ever heard in his entire life. His voice reminded him of the mating call of a Demogorgon. Everyone turned to stare at him, and judging by the looks on their faces; it was safe to say nobody enjoyed it.

Mephisto shuddered. "Now isss asss good a time asss any to end the meeting."

"You said it," Bael muttered. "Good talk. I'm gonna go to Faith's End. I hear Gressil's added a few pretty prisoners to his collection."

"You're sick in the head," Beelzebub replied. "Fornicating with a _human_. Disgusting."

"Fornicating with _several_ humans, all at the same time," Bael replied with a wink. "Agares, you've gotta get that whelp a mate. He's too pent-up."

"I'm trying," Agares replied. He turned away and patted his pupil's shoulder. "Come, then, Beelzebub. Let's get a move on."

The two of them turned around and leaped over the river, and Mephisto crinkled a finger at him. "Farewell, Third."

Barbatos didn't say a word. He made a motion with his hands and opened a portal, not unlike the one Warpers create. He stepped through to the sounds of several mermaids giggling, and a moment later, it closed behind him.

He turned around and began walking back the way he came. A wave of exhaustion hit him. Bael stomped away and cackled in the distance. "Have a good nap, Emperor of LAZINESS! Bahahaha!"

His humor was the _worst_.

When he arrived back at the hallway and traveled back through, he spotted his Warper up ahead, standing stiffly, and waiting for his arrival. "I hope the meeting was a success, Third Emperor."

"Oh, as good as ever, I suppose. Do you have another jump left in you?"

He smiled. "Just one, Emperor Diablo. Where to?"

"My estate. I can't wait to feel my pillow press against my face."

"As you command. You deserve the rest for all your hard work."

"Well, thank you, Grigori. I'm glad someone appreciates me around here."

A moment later, they stepped into his portal and vanished.