[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2viqv2j1jwk)

The alarm blared overhead. _RED ALERT. ALL SOLDIERS TO COMBAT POSITIONS. ENEMY FORCES HAVE BREACHED THE ENTRANCE. RED ALERT. ALL SOLDIERS TO..._

_Breathe, Phoebe! Inhale! Get up! What would Arthur say if he saw you in this state?!_

Phoebe's mind shrieked at her as she staggered to her feet. Neil did not look like a heavy man, but he exercised regularly. His elbow had hit just the right spot to knock her for a loop.

The screams outside rapidly decreased in volume. A horrible cackling filled the air as the demon newcomer laughed maniacally. "Filthy insects! Beg for mercy! This is your comeuppance for humiliating me! Rue the day you crossed my path!"

A second wind hit Phoebe, and she dove out of the doorway, landing behind cover. The demon sprayed fire from his hand at someone in the opposite direction, so she poked her head out to survey the room. Bodies of humans and monsters lay crumpled in every direction. Despite this, she stared in confusion at the fact that no fires raged anywhere. The entire room should have been ablaze with the flames he was putting out, but—

No! That was not it! His flames, rainbow-colored, rapidly shifted hues from red, purple, and white to green. Ducking back, she closed her eyes for a moment and focused, remembering all those months she had spent researching demonology.

_Fire that doesn't burn, but kills instantly. Soulfire! That must be it! It's a rare ability that only Emperors should have access to... but... this demon is only a Lord! He's not a high enough rank to wield such a powerful ability!_ Phoebe thought.

Her eyes spun under her eyelids as she focused and remembered the exact text. _Soulfire is potent magic. It tears the souls of humans right out of their bodies. A small amount will kill an unprotected human instantly, but against entities with higher magic abilities, such as monsters and angels, it will consume the user's energy and that of the enemy as well._ She recalled.

_There's more, though. Soulfire weakens the user if they don't actively hit anyone with it. High risk, high reward._ Phoebe thought.

She quickly looked back. The demon, despite his cackling, already appeared fatigued. He stopped blasting the soulfire for a moment and wiped his forehead. _Chance! I can attack!_ Phoebe realized.

Suddenly, the demon's body began to secrete visible red energy. His eyes bulged. He sank to one knee. The two small horns on the sides of his head slowly grew in size, gaining a few inches. His red skin deepened in hue, and a look of delight spread across his face. 

_Mutation?! I didn't know Soulfire could absorb the souls directly into a demon's body!_ Phoebe thought.

The alarm, as if hearing her question, paused for a moment before continuing with a slightly altered message. _ALL SOLDIERS TO COMBAT POSITIONS. ENEMY THREAT LEVEL REVISED: BARON-LEVEL DEMON DETECTED. INCREASING ALARM LEVEL TO ALPHA._

The demon jumped to his feet and clenched a fist. "Hahahaha! Yes! That's right! I am Beelzebub, the Baron of Flames! Bow before me, weaklings!"

Beelzebub's horns were not the only part of his body that changed. Below the black suit, his muscle mass increased dramatically, as well. Not only that, but he grew several inches taller.

_Damn! Beelzebub must be a pureblood demon. No wonder he was able to breach our defenses without the help of any other forces. If he has Soulfire, then he might be significantly mightier than an average demon of the same rank._ Phoebe thought.

Her eyes swiveled around the room. _Weapon... I need a weapon!_ Phoebe's eyes jerked to a trooper in the middle of the room, his limp corpse resting atop an energy rifle. Beelzebub's eyes swiveled to someone else, and she took her opportunity to leap out of cover and dive for the weapon. 

Her heart caught as the demon turned his gaze toward her. His smile widened, and he snapped his fingers, forming a narrow cone of soulfire. As it shot at her, Phoebe's mind yelled, _don't let it touch you, girl!_

She tried to grab the gun, but it was wedged under the soldier's body. Rolling to the right, she narrowly avoided Beelzebub's attack as his soulfire exploded on the man's corpse. She paused for a second, then jumped back and yanked with all her strength, hefting him off the gun and grabbing the weapon.

Beelzebub narrowed his eyes and pointed his full attention at her. "Tch. Aren't you the agile little water-flea? This attack will put you in your place." He raised his thumb, pointed his index finger, and curled the rest of his fingers together, forming his hand into the shape of a gun.

Phoebe's pulse quickened as a tiny burst of fire shot past her head, much faster than anything Beelzebub had used until now. A console exploded behind her, and Beelzebub's smile widened again. "Dance for me, rat!"

She rushed forward, ducking and dodging as he fired bullets of flame, each one missing her by inches. Every time he moved his thumb, he shot another fire-bullet. 

_Damn! How is Beelzebub shooting at the speed of a machinegun?!_ Phoebe thought.

From the other side of the room, Neil yelled out, "Foul demon! I won't let you get away with this!" Phoebe took cover behind a computer console, even as three more of Beelzebub's bullets impacted the side opposite her. The entire panel shook from the force of his bullets, but the attack stopped. Beelzebub turned his attention to Neil.

A high-pitched whine squealed through the hangar, a sound Phoebe recognized as one of Hans' prototype experimental weapons. _The railgun!_ She thought.

Two seconds later, Neil activated it. A whine filled the air, then a shockwave raced around the room as the gun fired a sliver of metal.
 
_PIFF_. 

When Phoebe looked back, her eyes widened. 

One of Beelzebub's arms tore from his body and dropped to the ground. Behind him, a tiny hole in the wall revealed the spot the shrapnel entered. Based on previous tests, the sliver of metal would travel for over a mile before slowing to a stop.

Beelzebub did not grunt in pain, and instead ignored his missing limb. He cocked his head and pointed his finger-gun at Neil. "An admirable effort, human. I see the rumors of human weaponry were true. After I dispose of you, the Council will reward me handsomely."

A moment later, Beelzebub fired one of his bullets. Neil tried to duck behind cover, but screamed in pain. "Gaaaugh!" 

Phoebe could not see what happened, but Beelzebub's shot must have met its mark.

Taking advantage of Neil's distraction, she leveled her weapon and aimed down the sights. "This is for my friends, you despicable bastard."

Ten shots of plasma left the weapon's barrel, one after the other. _FWU-FWU-FWU._

Phoebe's blood chilled. Beelzebub swiveled his palm without looking at her and blocked all the bullets—no, that was not it. He was absorbing the plasma! Shit! _Phoebe, you idiot! His elemental affinity is fire. That much is obvious. Superheated plasma won't be any use against him!_ She thought.

"You again," The demon chuckled. "Leave it to a stupid wench to shoot the Baron of Flames with tiny balls of fire."

Beelzebub inhaled. A moment later, the stump where his arm used to be trembled. A new limb sprouted from the shredded skin and bone, sending blood spraying over the floor as it reformed. Within five seconds, the arm finished regenerating, and he smirked. "Oh! What a delightful new ability."

"Graaaah!" A roar shook the room. Kar leaped from the far side of the chamber, smashed into the ground beside Beelzebub, and slapped the demon's chest. Beelzebub yelped and impacted the wall like a cannonball. Kar formed signs with his claws, causing the wall to transform into a massive earthen jaw and clamp onto Beelzebub.

Phoebe evaluated the ability in an instant—_Earth manipulation. Kar can alter the Labyrinth's walls since they're made of densely packed dirt._ She thought.

"You can do it, Kar!" A little voice squeaked. Blinker floated in the air twenty feet above him, waving her hands and forming magic signs, increasing Kar's strength bit by bit. "Give him the ol' one-two! And the new one-two! Give him all the one-twos!!!"

Kar did not reply but seemed happy to oblige. He delivered a volley of punches into Beelzebub's trapped form, pounding the defenseless demon without mercy. "Graaahh! Bastard! Honorless scum! I'll make you pay!"

Kar reared back to punch the demon's face, but when he swung his fist, Beelzebub countered. The Baron of Flames unleashed a terrifically bright light like the sun from his body. Spots drowned Phoebe's vision. She stumbled back and screamed in surprise. Judging by the roar of confusion, it must have stunned Kar too, but she could not see anything! 

Fumbling around, she strained to hear what was going on as Beelzebub screamed in rage. "Pathetic reptile! You'll never compare to Agares!"

The sound of crackling flames filled the air. 

Blinker yelped in fright. "Aaaiiee!" 

Gunshots. 

Kar howled in pain as something struck his scales over and over.

By the time Phoebe's bleary vision came trickling back, the battle had practically ended. Beelzebub flew in the air by pouring fire through the soles of his boots. He delivered a highly concentrated blazing inferno at Kar's body, pinning the crocodile against the wall. Kar panted frantically as he held his scaled arms up to defend himself, but the heat was blisteringly intense, to the point Phoebe could feel it from there. He was going to die!

"You forgot about me!" Neil staggered out from behind cover, his left arm hanging limp. Blood dripped from his mouth as he flopped to the ground and used all his strength to heft the humongous railgun onto his lap. The weapon fired, and Beelzebub gasped, as his entire chest cavity exploded, sending guts everywhere. Phoebe's eyes followed his form as he fell and—OH NO! Blinker!

The fairy woman lay on the floor beneath him, wheezing in pain. She must have gotten stunned and fell earlier when Beelzebub used his blinding attack—look out!

Beelzebub's body slammed into the ground, crushing her tiny body instantly. 

Phoebe cried out helplessly. "Blinker! No!"

Kar, his entire body glowing from the heat of Beelzebub's flames, wheezed. He stumbled forward and fell. Hearing Phoebe call out Blinker's name, his eyes followed hers, and he connected the dots.

"What... n-no... B-Butter... fly..." Kar gasped for breath and stretched both arms out toward Beelzebub's collapsed form, over thirty feet away.

Phoebe quickly rushed over to the crocodilian sphinx, wincing as she closed the gap. The heat in that area felt like stepping into an oven. Kar must be in agony!

"Hu... hurrgh... White-hair..." Kar's eyes tracked her as she approached. The visible veins inside his pupils told her they were bloodshot from the heat. "Butterfly... where..."

She could not touch Kar or get close. He was damn durable, but Phoebe's body was merely flesh. She nodded at him and quickly grabbed a sword lying on the ground nearby, tossing her gun to the side. "I'll avenge her, Kar."

He nodded weakly, then went still. 

Phoebe did not know if he was dead. Gods! How powerful was Beelzebub? How could a mere Baron be this unstoppable?!

Shaking the fear out of her head, she quickly ran over to Beelzebub's collapsed body on the ground and swung her foot with all her strength, driving her boot into his face. The impact knocked him off Blinker and rolled him a few feet away. She glanced down at the fairy's unmoving form. Her glowing aura was almost gone.

Phoebe's hands trembled as she scanned the room around her. Faces of men and women, friends of hers, all who would never see the light of day ever again, whispered to her. _You failed us, Phoebe... just like you failed Arthur._ She heard them.

She glowered at Beelzebub. _No. He did this._ Phoebe thought.

She squeezed the hilt of her sword, pressing its cold steel against her palm. Beelzebub coughed. Already, the hole in his chest was healing up. His regeneration was overwhelming.

Before the demon could reform his chest, she lunged at him and plunged her sword into his heart. Beelzebub's body spasmed uncontrollably. He tried to swipe at her with his hand, but the motion was weak and pathetic. She wrenched the sword, twisting it around and opening the hole deeper, then she yanked it out and began swinging. _CHOP! CHOP! CHOP!_

Over and over, she put her anger into every swing, hacking his worthless, shitty, pathetic, evil body into as many parts as she could. She lopped off his arm, bit into his neck, and sprayed his innards all over her boots. Even so, his wounds continued to close. He stared up at her and smiled, a look of hate in his eyes. Wordlessly, she kicked and hacked and chopped, sending gouts of blood everywhere, only for them to close seconds later.

Minutes passed. Sweat poured down Phoebe's face. 

_His regeneration is speeding up!_ She thought.

There had been over ten thousand human and monster soldiers in the Core when Beelzebub attacked, but his ambush had wiped most of them out! Even as she tried to beat Beelzebub's regeneration, a sense of dread overwhelmed her.

She could not win! Beelzebub was going to regenerate before they could kill him!

Phoebe's arms ached. Again and again, she chopped. In the distance, she could hear coughs as survivors managed to rally together. She spared a glance back at Kar, but his form continued to lie still. When she returned her gaze to Beelzebub, she yelped in fright as his hand lunged out and grabbed her ankle. Red-hot agony exploded in her ankle, causing her to jump away. She stumbled and fell on her side, unable to walk.

Her leg burned. A quick examination revealed a handprint seared into her skin. The flesh bubbled for a few moments as every nerve fizzled in the immediate area.

Then, the real pain hit.

Phoebe's back seized as something awful burned in her stomach. The electric, molten sensation coursed through her limbs and into her head. By the time it stopped, her hand ached from how hard she had gripped her sword.

She flicked her gaze to Beelzebub. His suit was in tatters and covered in blood. 

The Duke rose to his feet and glared at her. "Satisfied? It's my turn now, wench. I'll take my time peeling you apart. Soulfire is too good for the likes of you."

Beelzebub fired a flame bullet into Phoebe's arm, tearing it off and sending it flying. "Aaaahhh!" She fell on her back, writhing and trying to push away. The loss of her limb caused pain like she had never imagined in all her life to cripple her mind. She could not think! She could not fight back! She was powerless!

Beelzebub took two steps closer, a wicked grin on his face. "You think that hurts?" His voice hissed cold as ice. 

_FWUMP_. 

A second bullet blew out Phoebe's right knee. 

The agony threatened to break her mind.

"Foolish woman. You haven't a clue how much your steel bit me. I'll pay you back in spades, mark my words. But first..."

Beelzebub turned to Neil. The commander fumbled with a cartridge, trying to reload the railgun with one arm. Each round was the size of a sword, and quite heavy. Neil panicked as the demon looked at him. He dropped the cartridge. It rolled down the steps and toward Beelzebub, who smirked.

"Oops. There goes your little toy? Now, then, hold still while I kill you."

Beelzebub raised his finger and pointed it at Neil's head.

_WHUMP_

A flash of movement.

Something moved far too quickly for Phoebe's eyes to follow. Beelzebub's body vanished. 

An impact against the far wall, near where Kar fell, caught her attention. She struggled to turn her head to look.

Beelzebub stood, calmly, his suit fully repaired. At his feet lay... Beelzebub?! What?! There were two of them! The one on the ground had a torn-up suit, but the one standing was good as new.

Who... what was going on?!

The new Beelzebub glared at the beaten-up one. "Greedy child. Had I known someone like you was planning something, I would have stayed in the Core. You will leave, or I will _make_ you go."

A stunned expression filled the injured Beelzebub's face. He tilted his head up to look at his attacker. "Who the devil?!"

"LEAVE!" The new one grabbed the old by the neck and hurled him at the Great Doors with such speed and strength that the moment he hit it, dozens of bones broke in multiple gruesome ways.

The former Beelzebub struggled on the ground, writhing and gurgling blood. The new one turned his back on his crumpled doppelganger and looked at Kar. "You're fine. Get up." With a motion of his hands, New Beelzebub touched Kar's cooling body, and the lizard gasped, swinging his claws wildly. "Buh-Butterfly! Butterfly!"

After a moment, Kar's confusion wore off. He spun to look at Blinker, then jumped over to her, clearing the fifty-foot gap in a single jump. Ignoring his savior, Kar's claw trembled as he carefully scooped up her tiny lifeless form. "No... no... Butterfly..."

Satisfied with his good deed, New Beelzebub paced to Old Beelzebub and towered over his trembling form. "You've made quite the mess. All I wanted was a little peace and quiet, but you couldn't let me have that, could you?"

Old Beelzebub craned his neck to stare at his clone. "Who...?"

"The Core is under _my_ protection. If I ever see you here again, I will not spare you. Is that clear?"

Old Beelzebub nodded dumbly. "Uh... uh huh..."

Phoebe could barely sense the auras of magical beings. What she noticed now was the ridiculous difference in the power of their auras. Old Beelzebub, while a roaring fire compared to any human, was a drop in the bucket compared to the new one. If she concentrated her mind, she could not see an aura, but instead, an overwhelming wall of blackness. Measuring the two was like comparing a lizard to a dragon.

Old Beelzebub must have seen his copy's aura as well. After his body regenerated, he crawled to his feet and hunched over. "Of... of course."

"No." Kar's voice growled out in the air. A sinister rage entered his eyes. "I won't let him leave alive."

"You will," New Beelzebub said. "I've resolved everything."

Delicately, Kar placed Blinker on the floor, then rose to a standing position. His eyes turned hollow as his pupils fully expanded. 

"I said... I won't... let him leave... _ALIVE_!"

Kar balled his reptilian claws into fists. A heartbeat as loud as a drum boomed from his chest. The scales on his body shimmered and melted away. Feathery fur took their place. His reptilian face and body morphed into that of a lion as he eased down onto four limbs. Then, two wings sprouted from his back.

The Sphinx. Only twice did Phoebe see Bahamut's Super Form. It was considered her ultimate technique, one that transformed her into a lithe killing machine. However, her transformation was nothing compared to Kar's. His already massive body rippled with power, causing him to double in size.

"Easy now, big guy," New Beelzebub said, raising a palm. "Don't do anything you'll regret."

Too late. Kar hunched down and roared, a primal sound that rattled the nearby consoles. "GROOOOH!"

He leaped at one server, then bounced off and pounced at Old Beelzebub. To Phoebe's surprise, New Beelzebub stepped aside and sighed, rolling his eyes. "_Men_."

Old Beelzebub saw the attack coming, but was far too slow to dodge it. Kar's claw swiped across Beelzebub's chest and eviscerated him, ripping out his innards and throwing them all over the walls. Two more swings later, and Beelzebub could hardly move. The Baron of Flames opened his mouth and choked out a blast of embers into the lion's face, and Kar howled in pain, recoiling to rub his eyes. 

While those two fought, New Beelzebub shuffled over to Phoebe but paused in front of Blinker's limp body. "Oh. She isn't dead." With a motion, he sent a wave of healing energy at the fairy, then walked over to her. "Are you okay, Phoebe?"

Phoebe clutched her bloody stump and coughed. "Y-you know... my name?"

"We haven't met, but I know who you are. Everyone does." He flippantly made a few hand signs, and the burning pain in Phoebe's body faded. A minute later, while Old Beelzebub screeched in pain, New Beelzebub finished healing everyone nearby, including her. She gasped in amazement as her beaten and battered body returned to pristine condition, mimicking the healing magic she had only ever seen Jason use.

"Heavy losses. Damn. For a Baron, Beelzebub has quite the potential. It'd be a shame for him to go out like this."

New Beelzebub scooped up Blinker, and she winced. "Ow... owwiiee... uwah!" Noticing who was holding her, Blinker scrambled to fly away, but New Beelzebub closed his palm gently, holding her tight. "Don't be frightened. I'm not the one who attacked you. Is that unpleasant crocodile a friend of yours?"

Blinker nodded. "Uh.... um... yes! But... aren't you Beelzebub?"

"I'm not. Can you tell your boyfriend to calm down? I'd rather not have to stop him with violence."

Blinker glanced over and noticed Kar's rampage right as he chomped down and tore off one of Beelzebub's legs. "Why? That demon deserves to die! Didn't you see what he did?!"

"There's been enough killing, today. Tell your boyfriend to stop, or I'll _make him_. I'm not warning you again."

Blinker nodded, a look of trepidation in her eyes. When New Beelzebub uncoiled his hand, she quickly flew into the air. "Kar! Kar! Hey, idiot! Stupid! I'm up here, you big lunk!"

Hearing her voice, Kar froze just before taking Beelzebub's head on the Chomp Chomp Express. "Butter... fly?"

"Yeah! Duh! Of course, it's me! I was resting my eyes for a bit, you big dope!"

Kar entirely disregarded Old Beelzebub and immediately bounded over to the tiny fairy as if he were a giant kitty-cat. "Raww! I can't believe it! You're alive! It's a miracle!"

New Beelzebub facepalmed. "Yeah, a miracle," He muttered under his breath. "_Hey, thanks for saving my life and everyone else's._ Yeah, no problem, it was all in a day's work. Anything for a cool dude like you, buddy."

The copycat walked past the two joyfully united friends over to the mangled figure of Old Beelzebub. Beelzebub's regeneration was much slower than before. His spiritual energy must be at its limits.

"Here. I'll heal you. Consider it a freebie. Now beat it, and tell everyone my warning."

Another wave of healing energy passed over Old Beelzebub. This time, New Beelzebub grabbed the old one by the neck and lightly flung him outside the Core, then slapped the hundred-ton doors shut. He did it so effortlessly that only now did it dawn on Phoebe just how powerful he was.

_Those doors weigh several tons each! Not even Kar could open them without help from Jason!_ Phoebe thought.

New Beelzebub walked over, and slowly, his face began to change. The clothes followed, and what was left was... a scantily clad, red-skinned demon woman with long, smooth black hair. Two huge horns erupted from just above her ears, and a cute little tail flicked around suggestively. The black leather strips Phoebe would hardly call clothing managed to cover her private regions, but that was about all.

"Well, after that, it'd be impolite not to introduce myself!" Warmth entered her voice, and she smiled at Phoebe sweetly as she bent down. "I'm Samantha!"

Phoebe pulled herself into a sitting position. "Oh! Uhm, hi, Samantha. We owe you gratitude."

Her smile diminished. "No. Don't worry about it. I hardly saved anybody."

Slowly, Phoebe scanned the room filled with dead bodies. Scattered survivors popped up here and there, but they were nothing compared to the mountains of corpses.

"Neither did I."