Part 350: Ose's Ascension
Part 350: Ose's Ascension

_Hell Harbor. One week after the Cherubiim attack which left millions of demons dead._

Hundreds of noblesse demons, including high-ranking Barons, Dukes from most of the Seven Hells, and their Emperors as well, all gather and sit upon ornately crafted demonstone pews in a wide-open, barren field, where a makeshift obelisk and ceremonial alter has been erected. The midday sun warms the planet, but an awning offers shade for the demon elites, allowing them to avoid the heat. Not that it would cause their durable bodies any noticeable discomfort, but still, the image and prestige matters.

These nobles sit in groups, all of them sticking to their own Hells. Many demons from the First Hell gaze at the other Hells in astonishment.

"Wow..." Vepar says. "There really are other Hells that exist. You never see them all in one place like this."

The poison-spewing demoness with a melted face gazes in surprise at the other Emperors and Dukes, while beside her sits Abby, the Baron of Happy Thoughts. Abby beams smiles full of sunshine and rainbows at everyone around, while happily kicking her feet under the pew.

"Oh yeah, the other Emperors and stuff totally exist! They live secluded lives on other worlds, so us country bumpkins never get to see them! It makes sense they'd all show up though, since this is my _pwecious-wecious_ Ose's big coronation ceremony! She's going to officially become the Second Emperor after receiving the First Emperor's blessing! How exciting!!"

"Big changes are coming to Hell." Vepar mutters. "Or, I guess I should say, the _First Hell._ It's so strange hearing that. Ever since I got my memories back, I'm not sure what is real and what isn't."

Abby's excited expression momentarily dulls as she spots several empty pews.

"But what a bunch of stinkers! The Hell of Lust didn't come here, and neither did the Hell of Isolation! They totally stood up my favorite girl, Ose! And even that Yama fellow, he ignored us too! What the heck, man?! This is supposed to be Ose's big day!"

Beside Abby, another Baron speaks up, a male with jewels embedded in his body.

"The Hell of Isolation generally does not care about trivial matters or those involving the other Hells," Orias says, wearing a simple set of black and brown robes. Having taken a break from his mining efforts, he decides to visit Ose's coronation as a sign of respect. "As for Yama's Hell, I know that he cares little for Ose. But the Hell of Lust..."

Orias frowns.

"It is more than a little unorthodox for the Hell of Lust not to appear here. Since they are the only Hell lacking any Emperors, they tend to keep up appearances in order to remain friendly with all the other Hells. The last thing they would ever want is to anger one of the Emperors seated here today, let alone Ose."

"Why would they skip Ose's coronation, then?" Vepar asks. "Doesn't that seem like political suicide? They should get on as good of terms with the Second Emperor as they possibly can."

The Baron of the Stars glances at Vepar's shriveled face for a moment, then looks away.

"There may be more to this matter than we can fathom."

As the Barons from the First Hell continue to talk, the lone remaining Duke from the First Hell sits by himself, clearly bored out of his mind.

"Damn..." Bael mutters. "Everyone's gone now. Agares bit the dust. Beelzebub blew up. Mephisto got promoted. Barbatos got possessed by a friggin' Archangel... heck, do I even count as a Duke? Ain't I some kinda weird half-Emperor fella?"

He crosses his arms and pouts.

"We gotta get more dudes and dudettes in the First Hell. It's gettin' all lonely here and stuff."

While Bael sulks, Abby jumps rows to sit beside him.

"Bael! I'm still so shocked to see you in Ose's body! It's a real surprise to everyone! How are you feeling?"

Bael turns his head to look at the chipper demoness, wincing due to the brilliant beams of sunshine-energy radiating from her smile. Despite the formality of the occasion, Abby still wears a set of punk-rocker clothes, including a T-shirt with a heavy metal band logo on it, and tight little booty-shorts to show off her... _assets._

"Heya, Abby." Bael grunts. "Long time no chat. Ain't you a succubus? Shouldn't you be with the Hell of Lust?"

"Nahhhh!" Abby chirps. "I wanna be in Ose's Hell! I'm her biggest fan, you know! Although now that her soul and body have been separated..."

Abby frowns.

"Hmm. I don't know what I like more. Ose's boobies, or her bubbly personality!"

Bael stares blankly at the Baron of Happy Thoughts. "Uhh... her bubbly... personality? We're talkin' about Ose, right?"

"Mhm! She's always so confident and sassy! I love Ose lots and lots! I wanna get all smoochy with her, lay her down, and reach between her-"

"I get the picture." Bael says, holding up his palm. "The two of you were Barons, right? Ain't you a bit late to chase after her now?"

Abby's excitement drops visibly. "Well, yeah... to be honest, I didn't realize she'd become a Duke or an Emperor, someday. I got so used to the status quo that I kept putting my feelings aside to focus on... demon business. And now she's so far ahead of me, I don't think I'll ever reach her... uuuu..."

Bael flinches as tears well up in Abby's eyes. Her demonic weakness, that of constantly wearing her emotions on her sleeve, rears up right in front of the demon least capable of handling them.

"H-hey, sister, you don't gotta cry..." Bael mumbles. He awkwardly loops an arm over Abby's shoulder while pulling her in close. "Maybe I can, uh... I dunno. Maybe I can put in a word for ya! Yeah! I can get you and some others promoted to Dukes. That's just what our Hell needs at a time like this. Then ya won't be so far from Ose after all!"

Abby's tears instantly dry up. She looks into Bael's eyes and smiles like a ten-thousand watt bulb. "Really?! You'd do that for me? Oh, Bael! You're the best! And now you're even better because you're inside Ose's cute, tight little-"

"Yeah, yeah." Bael says, rolling his eyes and shoving her away. "None of that, now."

...

Ose and Mephisto, along with a handful of Ose's personal attendants, sit and stand behind the ceremonial obelisk, tending to her image, carefully filing her nails, grooming her hair, and pampering her body while also adjusting her clothes. For the first time, Bael's body wears more than just some a pair of leathery black underwear. For this occasion, Ose dons a set of formidable-looking golden and demonstone platemail armor, giving her a regal appearance nobody would ever expect from someone with Bael's appearance.

Long considered the most casual of demons, Bael never once bothered wearing excess clothing, nor did he take care of his appearance. Instead, the slovenly Duke of Pain simply ate, drank, and fought whenever he wanted, paying zero attention to how others perceived him.

Ose, on the other hand, takes her appearance seriously. In order to earn the respect of her peers, she goes to great lengths to ensure she can project the most frightening and commanding aura possible, one that will cow the other Emperors with a single glance.

Mephisto, hovering beside her, chitters to himself. "Ksss. You look sssplendid, Emperor Ossse. Never did I think Bael could appear ssso frightening. You may posssesss hisss original body, but your actionsss have given it an entirely new meaning. Nobody will look down upon you at thisss coronation."

Ose, now wearing a golden crown with seven spikes pointing upward, turns to look at Mephisto.

"Keep your empty words to yourself, Mephisto. I don't need your praise. I just need you to do your job. No screw-ups. Understand?"

Mephisto chuckles. "Do not worry. I have carefully allocated the one million sssoulsss you require. My assscensssion wasss not sssomething worth fretting over, but yoursss isss sssurely one the other Hellsss will pay clossse attention to."

"Good. I'm counting on you." Ose hisses. "I'd hate to have to transform into the Balrog and beat you to death, especially in front of all these _distinguished guests._ What a humiliation that would be."

The Emperor of Legion's cocky expression cracks at the threat of facing the one enemy more than capable of breaking apart his mist-body.

"Kekeke... there isss no need for threatsss. Look. The time isss nigh. You ssshould begin the ccceremony, now."

Ose glances up at the sun, then nods. She gestures to one of her demon Lord attendants, who walks around the obelisk, takes to the stage, and begins introducing Ose through her many accomplishments during and after the Energy Wars, up to and including the battle against the Cherubiim.

As that attendant talks, Ose glances at the lone human sticking out like a sore thumb among her fellow demon attendants. A little blonde woman with pale skin who remains utterly silent, no matter who looks at or speaks to her.

"Amy." Ose snaps. "Make yourself useful. Go and fetch me some water."

Ose's 'favorite' human slave doesn't reply. She merely turns and walks away, heading toward a nearby refreshments bar with all sorts of exotic food and drink sitting at the ready.

As Amy prepares her master a drink, Mephisto snorts contemptuously. "I don't know why you've alwaysss kept that sssame ssslave around, even for a hundred thousssand yearsss."

Ose shrugs. "Her identity was once quite important, among other humans. I enjoy torturing her broken little mind. Otherwise, it's none of your concern."

After Amy returns with a drink and Ose ensures her mouth is sufficiently lubricated, she tosses the glass away and turns to the stage.

A vicious smile spreads across Ose's face as her demon attendant finishes announcing her imminent arrival. The swells of demon cheers rises to a crescendo, and Ose begins to walk toward the destination of her ascension.

"Showtime."

Ose strides into view, drawing the attention of all the Emperors, Dukes, and Barons important enough to have earned an invitation to her lauded coronation. Despite fewer than a thousand spectators being present, not a single one is anyone less than a Labyrinth-shaking presence. Even among the monsters, only a few Orcs and a couple other monster royals receive invitations, chief among them being...

Ose shoots a glance toward the Hell of Calamity, where she spots Emperor Gorn's revived body, Emperor Crow, and Emperor Serena. She also spots Huul and Maltus, the First and Second Ancient Orcs.

But beside them sits another exalted figure. Ashura, the highest ranked Orc of them all, their fabled Zhurm, a figure who once thought himself too important to attend Ose's first strategic meeting, the one which the Cherubiim crashed. Perhaps, had Ashura come, the Cherubiim might have found a worthy competitor, though secretly, Ose doubts he could have accomplished much compared to herself.

Ashura's long, black hair sprouts out of his scalp in thick clumps, each strand as hard as iron. The wildly bushy and thick mane drapes down his shoulders, his back and to his feet, giving him the appearance of a ferocious Dire Wolf. His height, at nine feet tall, puts him among the largest and most intimidating of all the spectators present. He sticks out even compared to Gorn and the other Emperors, drawing more than a few eyeballs.

As Ose approaches the stage, all attention leaves the crowd to fall on her. Audible gasps go up as several Emperors widen their eyes.

_That's Ose? I didn't know Bael's body could look so... ferocious. She has turned what was once a calm, coolheaded fellow into a world-conquering king!_

_Her golden armor seems at first somewhat tacky and overengineered, but at the same time, it also appears completely fitting for Bael's old body. He should have always looked this way!_

A few eyes turn to look at the Duke of Pain among the rows, but Bael appears less than impressed by Ose's ostentatious display.

"The heck's up with all the gold and crap?" Bael mutters. "Sheesh. Talk about overdoing it. Ose makes me look like a walking circus. The heck would I need ta' wear all that armor for? My body's harder than any demonstone. And the shoulderpads, why are they so huge? Is she tryin' ta' embarrass me?"

Abby, however, glows with radiance. She beams even more excited looks of appreciation at Ose. "Wow, Ose! You can even make Bael's fat body look gorgeous! So stylish! That's why you're my girl! Eeeeee!!"

Bael glances at her. "H-hey. I'm not... I'm not fat..."

Abby ignores the look of pain on his face. "You know what I meant!"

Emperor Yardrat, seated among the Hell of Punishment's section, examines Ose's armor with a mixture of disdain and admiration.

_Ose wants to overhaul Bael's image, to mold his old body into a weapon that can inspire awe among the other Emperors. Frankly, it's working. I hate to say it, but aside from my begrudging respect and fear for Bael's combat prowess, I never took him seriously, what with his low intelligence. Ose, on the other hand... she can turn his body into a weapon that would destroy any other Emperor. This ceremonial garb really only serves to bring her hidden 'threat' to the surface, making others more visibly aware of how dangerous she is._

Surprisingly, the Fourth Hell is still missing one crucial figure. Emperor Auger does not attend Ose's coronation, a fact that irks Ose when she notices. As Ose approaches the ceremonial altar, a look of disdain flicks across her face.

_How about that. The Hell of Lust didn't show after all. Neither did the Hell of Isolation or the Hell of Corruption. For three of the Seven Hells to not attend my coronation... tsk. I'll have to punish them in a manner that will remind everyone why I am Second Emperor, now. And as for Emperor Auger... he must still think himself above me. I will remember his slight in the coming years..._

Ose faintly smiles when she reaches her designated position. She sweeps her gaze across the First, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Hells. The many hundreds of attendees sit up a little straighter in their seats, eager to hear what she will say.

"Hello, everyone." Ose says, her quiet voice projecting outward with far more strength than it normally should. Magical enhancers build into her crown beam her words right into the ears of everyone present, working on fairy magic principles to enhance her speech to its greatest effect. "Today is a momentous day. Previously, I was elevated to the rank of Third Emperor by our great hero, the Duke of Pain. The purpose of my ascension was to quickly re-establish order over the human populace. There was no ceremony, and neither did I want there to be one."

"I have always considered myself a demoness who is more of a 'doer' than a 'talker.' Talk is cheap." Ose elaborates. "Pretty words _may_ sway minds, but strong actions _always_ do so. I also did not have the political capital or interest to bother with a fancy ceremony, but today is very, very different. Not only have I fortunately changed bodies with the legendary Duke of Pain, but I have retained all of his strengths, along with mine. The power and defense of the Balrog, mixed with the speed and agility of the fastest demon alive. In terms of physicality... not one of you is my equal. Not even the fabled Emperor Wolfram, who temporarily broke through the shackles which bound our species."

"Today, we stand at a crossroads." Ose continues. "The humans are soon to become a threat that not even I can suppress. Their leader, the Wordsmith, wields a power more oppressive than any other Hero before him. King Arthur, Joan of Arc, Solomon... not even the fabled Jepthath could compare to Jason Hiro's potential. Luckily, the boy is still young, and has not yet obtained enough time to further his abilities. So long as we strike soon, hard, and without mercy, we can put an end to his lineage, and humanity's rise. If we are fortunate, we may even be able to seize the Wordsmith's power for ourselves."

In a rare moment of humility, Ose offers a concession in her speech.

"Once, I thought myself capable of taking down the Wordsmith alone. Now, I know that is not possible. The Wordsmith is not an opponent any lone demon, no matter how powerful, can handle. It will require all of our efforts to defeat him. We will have to move swiftly and crush him before he can fortify humanity's remnants and rebuild them to a superior state. You all know how powerful humanity became, during the Energy Wars. Even with the Volgrim's assistance, we barely managed to defeat our enemies."

Ose smirks. "Of course, even this humble _Baron_ achieved many worthy deeds, back in those ancient days. As I recall, it was my efforts which ultimately brought humanity to its knees. Not even the seemingly untouchable Marie Becker could stop me. In the end, we won back then, in large part, because of me. And so too shall we once again do so, because of _me._"

Ose lifts her hand and makes a beckoning motion. From the ground beneath her, Emperor Mephisto rises, holding a bone lantern in his hands.

This lantern, the same one previously owned by Emperor Valac, draws countless looks of greed. Several Emperors from the Hidden Hells can't help but wish they were capable of wielding its power for themselves. All of their Hells, long-stagnant due to the First Hell's monopoly on souls, can only sit stagnant and pray for crumbs and morsels from the First Hell's goodwill. Sadly, thanks to the last 100,000 years of demonic rule, not even Emperor Diablo would bolster the ranks of his rivals among the other Six Hells.

"Today, I will ascend to the rank of Emperor." Ose says, her voice eerily calm. "Before, my power was that of an ordinary Emperor, not dissimilar from any of you. I would gladly have placed myself among the higher ranks, but let us not mince words. Bael's body and my power have elevated me to a station not _one_ of you could ever compare. I'm sure you're all wondering, the same as me. Just how powerful will I become, once I elevate my new body to the rank... of Emperor?"

"Will Heaven itself bow before me?" Ose ponders. "Or perhaps the universe itself will split, and the light of creation will shine upon me. I wonder... how fearsome will I become, compared to those ancient Primordials? To me, the Cherubiim did not seem that impressive at all."

Ose chuckles deep in her throat. She turns to expose a smile to Mephisto.

"Begin."

The Emperor of Legions nods at her. Mephisto reaches into his lantern to grab at a spot amidst its vast, inner reserves. In that spot where he stored a million human, demon, and monster souls, Mephisto coalesces his power to merge all of them into a single, unified Soul Pill, much like the one he granted Beelzebub, just six years before.

However.

Mephisto's confident expression cracks.

He frowns as he continues to move his boney hand around in that section of the Lantern, yet no matter where he reaches, he finds... nothing.

"Eh?"

Mephisto looks down at the lantern clutched in his left hand. He activates his necromantic magic to peer deep inside.

What he find shocks him to his core.

"What? Thisss... thisss cannot be..."

Ose continues to smile, but secretly, she shoots an impatient look at Mephisto.

"Anytime now." Ose says, suppressing her annoyance. "This is not the moment to be screwing around, Mephisto."

In a panic, Mephisto swishes his hand around inside the lantern's depths. The more he searches, the more frantic his expression becomes.

"No... no... how can thisss be?!"

Mephisto's voice, tinged with panic, makes not only Ose frown, but all of the demon leaders, too.

"Is _something_ the matter?" Ose hisses, struggling to keep her simmering anger under control. "Don't tell me you... _misplaced_ the souls."

Mephisto snaps his head up.

"The sssoulsss... no! Thisss isss... thisss isss unbelieveable! Every sssingle human sssoul in my lantern... they're all GONE!"

Mephisto's declaration makes all of the Hidden Emperors frown. Some of them whisper to one another, trying to ascertain the meaning behind his words. The more intelligent ones, such as Emperor Yardrat, remain silent and draw their own conclusions.

"What do you _mean_?" Ose growls. "This is no time for games, Mephisto. Everyone is watching."

"All the human sssoulsss are GONE!" Mephisto shrieks. "Don't you sssee?! They've vanissshed! I only posssessss demon and monssster sssoulsss! Nothing elssse! Where have all my preciousss sssoulsss gone?!"

A deep, unsettling dread washes over Ose's body as she realizes Mephisto is not, in fact, screwing with her for a quick laugh.

"That's not possible. You counted the souls right before we came here."

"I did!" Mephisto exclaims. "But in between thossse minutesss..."

Suddenly, one of the Hidden Emperors, Yardrat, stands up. The Emperor of the Void draws a considerable amount of attention, not only due to his status, but also the look of surprise on his face.

"E-Emperor Crow!" Yardrat bellows. "I've just received word from your sect! All of your human slaves... they've vanished!"

"Vanished?" Crow asks, not sure whether to believe him. "I left Duke Heron in charge during my absence. Are you saying two million slaves skipped away merrily under his watchful eye?"

"No! They didn't walk away, they simply disappeared, as if teleported into thin air!" Yardrat cries. "And furthermore-"

Before Yardrat can finish his sentence, one of Ose's attendants runs around the edge of the obelisk to her master's side before whispering something in Ose's ear.

"Since when?!" Ose snarls. "You're saying Amy is gone, too?!"

Her attendant nods guiltily. "I saw it happen with my own eyes. One second, she was there. The next, she popped out of existence with a 'foop'!"

All at once, several other Emperors, Dukes, and Barons receive magical transmissions through various means. They stand up, one by one, and gasp in surprise.

"My human chattel!" Emperor Kristoff roars. "They've disappeared, too!"

"And ours, too!" Exclaims the Second Ancient Orc, Maltus.

All around the ceremony, the scene of what was supposed to be Ose's most important day falls apart as her fellow demons receive the blood-curdling news that every single human in their possession, every last slave, miner, and individual that runs their societies through free labor, has vanished into the ether.

Ose's shocked expression clears up remarkably fast. It doesn't take her much effort to deduce the culprit, though she does figure it out less than a minute before all the other Emperors.

"..._Wordsmith._"

She practically spits Jason's title out, while bloodlust erupts in her eyes.

And, while every demon in the vicinity is panicking, one figure remains remarkably calm.

Bael sits idly, glancing around without a care in the world at the panicked looks on all his friends' faces.

"Damn, that sucks. Ain't life just a kick in the dick sometimes, Abby?"

Abby whips her head in Bael's direction to gawk at him.

"Don't you realize what's happened?! How can you be so calm at a time like this?"

Bael shrugs.

"_Practice._"