Part 672: Emperor Ose VS Cat Mask
Part 672: Emperor Ose VS Cat Mask

**[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7U3oQbnVP4)**

_January 29th, 2021. Area 51, Nevada._

Despite being badly injured, it was Ose who attacked first, not Cat Mask. Desperate to reverse her sudden unfortunate situation, Ose snapped forward at Hideki and sent a hurricane kick firing at his face. Cat Mask bent over backward with unnatural agility, causing her leg to sweep over his mask, missing it by a millimeter. She followed up with a flurry of kicks, spins, and flips, sometimes using her one good arm to spin on as she revolved her legs overhead.

Cat Mask's body blurred occasionally. He moved with far more fluidity than he did before; a result of Jason's magical augmentations. Finally, Cat Mask's body was able to keep up with his cerebral speeds a bit better than before.

From his point of view, Ose's legs were a blur. Even after slowing his perception of time to a crawl, his body was sluggish and unable to keep up with hers. Her physical parameters had shot way up after becoming an Emperor. She had already taken him apart when she was a Baron, and her physical speed was even more frightening now.

But Cat Mask was unworried.

"You have a nice ass, Ose!" He shouted, turning her face beet-red. "What a fine pair of plump tomatoes you've been hiding under that tight-white suit! A man could really get used to a sight like this!"

"SHUT YOUR MOUTH!!" Ose shrieked. Electricity blasted out of her body and struck Hideki, knocking him back a little and numbing his body for a moment. Luckily, the Wordsmithed enchantments kept him from falling over and deflected most of the damage.

With her legs finding no purchase, Ose suddenly reversed tactics. She hopped off her hand, spun in midair, and landed on her feet. Her agility was catlike, well beyond what most Emperors could achieve. She instantly conjured a sword made of lightning, and her arm started furiously whipping around as she chased after Hideki.

Cat Mask was not as fast as Ose. He wasn't even in the same league. Because of his ability to slow down his perception of time, he was able to brute-force predicting her attacks, but she was actually so fast with her near-instantaneous movements that he rapidly began losing his ability to keep up.

It started subtly. The edge of her sword barely cut the edge of his shirt. A stray arc of electricity landed on his elbow.

But she rapidly gained an advantage. Even when Cat Mask's body blurred as he rewound time to retry a movement here or there, he quickly found he was unable to dodge all of her attacks.

From Ose's perspective, Cat Mask seemed relatively fast, but she also recognized that he was not truly able to keep up with her. She could react instantly to any stimuli, but he still needed to 'perceive' things before he could react. This subtle difference was something she recognized and sought to exploit.

Cat Mask swiped a knife at Ose. She handily ducked the attack and rammed her elbow into his ribs, eliciting a weak grunt of pain from him. Then she spun on her heel to try and sweep his legs, but he hopped in the air at the last second.

"Seems Mildred gave you another power-up. But that won't matter!" Ose taunted. "You're slowing down the more we fight! Even while I'm maimed, I'm more than your match!"

Ose's baseline endurance level was far above Hideki's. Every whiffed punch left him open for a counter, while she recovered with ease. In the end, he might be a human with billions of years of training, but he was still only an ordinary man. Hardening his bones and accelerating his mental state along with his body's speed did not come close to narrowing the gap between him and a Demon Emperor.

But Hideki did have one advantage. He was stronger than Ose, if only by a little. His punches hit harder, his grip strength surpassed hers, and his body's Wordsmithed defenses were higher too.

It was an even fight. Neither side had the obvious advantage.

Ose was wracked with pain from her limply hanging arm. With no time offered to bandage it up or tourniquet the wound, she could feel herself weakening over time, pain interspersed with the blows she rained on Hideki. Every violent flip of her legs or flicker of her body sent her dangling arm slapping around, which made her grit her teeth and hiss in pain.

After five minutes, Hideki was winded and tired by a level that was starting to affect his fighting capabilities. Constantly trying to avoid Ose's attacks was mentally draining. The lightning that managed to hit him left his hair frazzled and his nerves taut. Ose was in agony, but Hideki was definitely the one feeling most bruised by their battle.

Ose reared her fist back again, but Hideki abruptly vanished from the spot, teleporting away. He'd done this several times, so Ose quickly went on the defensive, flicking her eyes to look around for him.

He didn't reappear.

Still, she kept her guard up. She finally took a few seconds to hurriedly cradle her injured arm while looking around the room for something, anything, that she could use as a tourniquet. She spotted some wires on the wall and her eyes flashed. She zipped over and ripped them out while hurriedly using her teeth and still-functioning right arm to bind her wound just below the shoulder. She whipped up a crappy makeshift sling and bound her useless arm under her breasts, then looked around again.

Hideki still hadn't returned. He'd been gone for thirty seconds, which was the longest delay in their fight so far.

Just when Ose started to wonder what trick he would play, Hideki reappeared. He no longer looked winded or tired. In fact, he seemed as if he'd taken a power nap for an hour. He was dancing lightly on his feet once more while smiling at her beneath his mask.

"Ah, you made a sling faster than I thought you would." Hideki teased. "Guess I took too long returning. Oh well. I was starting to feel bad for you, seeing that useless thing flap around."

Ose looked at him with slightly dazed eyes. How did he suddenly appear so refreshed? Where did he go for those thirty seconds?

For the first time, Ose was feeling a little nervous. Five minutes of furious fighting wasn't anything much, but she was literally naked and didn't have access to her arsenal of gadgets. She had assumed that even if the humans tried to trap her, they would fail. She was more than strong enough to rip her way out of an underground vault formed entirely out of tungsten and reinforced steel, but she had no way of anticipating the weird alloy forming the internals of this AI lab.

"What are you playing at?" Ose asked, narrowing her eyes. "You think you can kill me?"

"Honestly, it's been harder than I expected." Hideki admitted. "You're one tough cunt, I'll give you that much. You're the biggest challenge I've faced in several eons. If I'd known you were this tough as an Emperor, I would have tried to uplift you a long time ago."

"What does that mean? What are you even saying?" Ose asked, more confused than anything. "You're a battle maniac? You like fighting?"

"Nothing as boring as that." Hideki said, resting a hand on his waist. He took a moment to drink in the fine, fine appearance of Ose's nude body. As for the Emperor herself, she was just glad to have a few seconds to catch her breath. "I've experienced so many sights, so many sounds, so many of the same days, nothing excites me anymore. I've started to think this recent change in my life isn't as bad as I previously thought. All my plans are falling apart, but instead of despair I feel only relief. I don't have to go at this all alone anymore. I get to experience a fresh start!"

Ose stared at him in bewilderment as if he were a babbling madman. What the hell was he even talking about? He sounded like a man so old even Raphael would have to call him 'grandpa', but that was an absurd thought. The oldest human was born less than a hundred thousand years ago!

"A fresh start?" Ose repeated. She analyzed his words at insane speeds inside her tertiary brain. A lot of alarming possibilities came to mind, but the data seemed garbled. She was missing key information. "What do you mean by that?"

Cat Mask's body momentarily blurred. He seemed to do that a lot, Ose noted. She felt that understanding his body-blur was key to unlocking the secrets of the masked man, but she needed more information.

When he stopped blurring, Cat Mask chuckled. "God. You really are an impressive woman. You always manage to figure it out within the next thirty or so minutes. I don't know why I never noticed until the Shattering, but you are without a doubt one of, if not _the_ most intelligent person on Earth. Maybe ascending to Emperor was the key to unlocking the potential I missed in you before."

"Enough with your riddles!" Ose shouted. She was starting to feel deeply uneasy. "If you're going to kill me, then just do it! Or are you scared I'll take you down with me?!"

Cat Mask didn't answer. He simply stared at her, as if uncertain what to say. Or maybe he liked how the silence was just as taunting as his words.

Ose's pupils shrunk. She launched at Cat Mask and sent a fist flying at his face.

"Oraaaa!!"

She expected him to dodge like he had before, but her heart nearly jumped out of her chest when he didn't move. He didn't even twitch his body!

_THWACK!_

Her fist crashed against his mask at full power and sent the man flying. He slammed against the far wall with a thunderous crash! Ose's jaw practically fell to the ground. Why the hell didn't he dodge? Did he suddenly have a death wish?!

She took a step forward, half wanting to rush over and finish him off, and half uncertain if this was some greater trick he was trying to pull. Was he a madman? Literally insane?

Cat Mask's body shuddered. He climbed to his feet. Then he turned and looked at Ose.

His mask was gone. Shattered into a thousand pieces. His face was bleeding a little, but otherwise it seemed his defensive wards were more than enough to resist her hasty strike.

"You!" Ose exclaimed, shocked by his true appearance. He was a Japanese man. His face had a faint smile, but most importantly...

Ose squinted at him.

"...Who the bloody hell ARE you? I thought with the way you were talking I'd know you, but I've never seen you in my life!"

"Not this life." Hideki said, chuckling under his breath. "You've seen my face before. Lots of times, actually. You just don't remember them."

Ose's expression became more puzzled than before, then it slowly changed as she began to put some pieces together.

"Wait. You..."

"That's the amazing thing about you, Ose." Hideki said, casually stuffing his hands into his pockets. "You always figure it out. Even if I give you no hints, you uncover the secret to my power. I've been tempted to go back further and prevent your ascension to Emperor, but... I sort of don't _care_ anymore. It doesn't matter if you know. It doesn't matter if _anyone_ knows."

Ose's heart skipped a beat.

"Time manipulation." She said quietly.

Hideki rolled his eyes. "I made it too easy this time. Whatever. You should feel proud though, since you figured it all out within an hour of furious combat the first time we fought. I tried to be sneaky, but only managed to fool you for two hours the next time. Then one and a half the time after that. Then two and a half, one hour, thirty minutes, two hours..."

He shook his head and looked off to the side.

"I'll spare you the deductive work. Maybe this time will turn out different if I just lay it all on the table."

Cat Mask held up three fingers.

"My first ability is time rewinding."

"My second ability is time deceleration."

"My third ability is my perfect eidetic memory."

He shrugged, then tossed his hands in the air. "See? Isn't that fun? Now we can fight at our full potential. I know all your abilities, and you know all mine. Ah, right, I'm also super strong and hardy because of some external boons placed upon my body, but that's neither here nor there. You already guessed that much."

Ose's brain moved at lightning speeds. She instantly deduced that he wasn't lying, and that his powers had all kinds of up and downstream effects she needed to consider.

"You can rewind time?" Ose asked incredulously. "How many times have you done so?"

Hideki merely cocked his head, raised an eyebrow, and smirked. He didn't answer.

"There's no limit? So that means you just keep going back again and again and _again_ until you achieve your objectives." Ose analyzed. "Which means you've probably fought me tens, hundreds, even thousands of times. You've probably coaxed every ability you can out of me. You know all my hidden trump cards."

"Yeah. I do." Hideki said. "So, you can go ahead and drop the act. Heal that arm up. It just isn't any fun fighting you when you're in this weakened state."

Ose's stomach fell. She had been hoping to trick him, wait for the opportune moment, and land a killing blow, but if he said that, then he truly had to be a rewinding-type Hero.

"I will say this though." Hideki added. "I _love_ fighting you. Your body is truly fine. You keep in shape. You've got nice tits, a nice ass, even that belly..."

Ose lurched backward. She looked at him in disgust. "You... pig! Have you defiled me in those alternate timelines?"

"What? No. I'm not a goddamn monster." Hideki said, before looking away and coughing. "Though I did set up that net trap to get you out of those clothes. It's led to a huge improvement over our first battles."

Ose wanted to wretch. This human was sick in the head. He was a creep, a pervert, and even more worryingly, an unstoppable nightmare. She didn't know how she could possibly beat him. If he wasn't lying, and if his abilities were what he said they were, then he'd probably sussed out every conceivable-

"Come on, already." Hideki said impatiently. "Just switch to that Thunder God Form. I haven't even started to enjoy myself yet. I'm hoping for a new restore point I can keep going back to."

Ose's expression turned dismal. "Two hypotheses come to mind. Either you're trying to break my spirit so you can kill me more easily, or you're hoping to finish me off at my best so you can get off on the thrill."

"Eh." Hideki grunted, shrugging lightly. "I mean kinda neither, kinda both? How do you know I haven't already killed you a bunch of times and just kept coming back because it would be a shame to put an end to that sexy, curvaceous ass?"

Ose's eyes bloomed with rage. She roared with a primal fury and tapped into her inner wellspring of power. Electrical energy exploded around her body, swallowed her skin and bones, and rapidly turned her into a glowing entity made of plasma and electricity.

The Thunder God Form which she had used against Belial in the far future had now made its return, but Ose didn't feel triumphant in the slightest. All she would be doing was giving battle data about this form to Hideki, ensuring he could defeat her even more handily on the next loop.

Was there some way she could kill him? Could she land some sort of a sneak attack to-

"Nope." Hideki said, interrupting Ose's thoughts. "I'm unkillable. It's my secret fourth ability. If anything is about to kill me, time completely stops. Then I can rewind until I escape the danger. Truth be told, I've already seen the entire Earth fall to those aliens who made that escape pod out there. They're called Volgrim, by the way. Not nice people. Kinda bastards, if I'm being honest."

"Are you reading my thoughts?!" Ose asked.

"Nah. But I can tell what you're thinking just by the way your eyes move. We've spent a _lot_ of time together. Plus you tried tricking me into telling you if there was some way to kill me on a few previous loops. I lied, you tried the method, it failed. I laughed. Good times."

Ose seriously wanted to rip her hair out! Cat Mask was infuriating to a degree she couldn't remember ever previously experiencing. She even thought he might be more annoying than Bael, as crazy as that thought was!

"So what now?" Ose asked. "We fight?"

Her left arm had turned into pure energy and fully reformed. If she left the Thunder God state, she would be back in prime fighting shape. A little tired from the massive amount of energy needed to fight, but still in much better condition than she was at the start.

Hideki fell silent. After a moment, his body blurred. He gave her a weird look, then shook his head.

"Alright. I'm officially not having fun anymore. You know what? You can go, Ose. I've held you here long enough."

Ose blinked. They hadn't even fought yet, and he was already giving up??

Or was it that when his body blurred, that meant he's just rewound time? If so, did they already fight? What happened in those alternate futures? How many times had he rewound???

"You couldn't kill me, so you're giving up?" Ose asked.

"Huh? Oh, nothing like that. I killed you a bunch of times." Hideki said, shrugging nonchalantly. "But it just... it didn't feel _right_ to me. I'm sure from your perspective this is all rather confusing, but I've grown to admire you so much, I just can't bring myself to finish the job. So I'll leave you to my son instead. If he can kill you, then so be it. If not, then that's fine too."

Hideki turned around, as if to leave, but Ose's eyes narrowed.

"Wait!" She shouted.

Hideki paused. He looked back at her. "What?"

"That's it?" She asked. "You're letting me live? Why? Are you stupid?"

"I don't know why..." Hideki said, his gaze turning odd. "I don't think I can put this feeling into words."

His shoulders sagged a little. He looked off into the distance.

"I'm lonely, Ose. Nobody understands the life I've lived. Nobody can. I don't view people as 'people' anymore. They're more like... NPCs in a video game. They give preset replies to questions, as if they were being manipulated by the hand of an invisible puppeteer."

He closed his eyes.

"I've watched the Earth burn. A thousand times. A million times. I stopped caring whether it survived or was destroyed a long time ago. I lived for my obsession. I planned every single action out. I created the 'perfect' script that would set a future into motion according to my whims. I was ready to finally end it all. Let myself die by not rewinding time, and instead allowing my death to occur."

Hideki shook his head.

"But then everything changed. Nothing stayed the same. All my meticulous plans collapsed. I was left with the shadowy remnants of that 'obsession' plaguing my mind, asking myself, 'did it even matter' and 'why did I ever care'?"

Ose stared at the side of Hideki's face. Slowly, she removed her Thunder God Form, returning to her original body.

Hideki glanced at her. He smiled, but the expression was lifeless and empty.

"While I was fighting you, I felt something I hadn't felt in a long time. A spark of joy. Excitement. _Fun._ Yeah. It's _fun_ fighting you, talking to you, learning from you. You don't have any way to know this, but my combat capabilities before I fought you the first time versus this very moment are lightyears apart. I've mastered all my 'boons'. I can fight at my peak level for way longer. I can anticipate all your attacks before you even know you're making them."

Ose felt a chill go down her bones. She hoped Hideki was bluffing, because that meant if they did end up fighting, she would definitely lose.

Hideki walked toward Ose. She took a step back, then another step, eyeing him like a rabbit would eye a tiger. She suddenly realized that she was feeling _fear_. Since when did the great Ose experience such an emotion as fear?!

Ose gritted her teeth. With her body made whole, she was close to her peak physical condition. She sent a punch flying at Hideki, but he casually stepped aside, grabbed her wrist, and spun her around. Ose yelped in fright as he twisted her arm behind her back and slammed her against the wall while pressing his body against hers.

"Agh! Unhand me!!" Ose yelled. She tried to punch him, kick him, anything to free herself, but two carefully aimed punches struck her kidney and lung, knocking the wind out of her. Hideki pressed her even more forcefully against the wall, leaving her shivering in terror.

He wasn't bluffing. He was way stronger than her! She didn't have a chance!

"Sorry." Hideki said, after holding her there for a few moments. He released his grip on her wrists and dropped her to the ground. Ose scurried backward, looking up at him with terror-filled eyes.

"I like fighting you. But I don't like hurting you anymore." Hideki said quietly. He looked at the ground and shuffled his feet. "I've seen how evil you can be... but I've also seen that you're not as corrupted as you think. There's still some good in you."

Ose rubbed her wrist. "Are... are you making a pass at me? Have you developed feelings for me, or something?!"

"Feelings." Hideki repeated. He looked at her with a strange gaze. "I thought I lost those at some point, eons in the past. Maybe you're right. I know you don't feel anything for me, though. It's purely one-sided on my end. Maybe that's why I can't bring myself to kill you. I'd rather break down the walls you surround yourself with."

Hideki pursed his lips.

"What made you this way, Ose?"

Ose met Hideki's eyes. There was neither warmth nor coldness in them. Rather, they seemed... empty. Hollow. As if he no longer knew how to feel about anything.

"_What made me this way?_" Ose repeated.

"No. Stop. Don't tell me." Hideki said, quickly turning away. "Save it for our next meeting."

He turned and walked away. Just before he teleported out of the chamber, he sent one last glance back Ose's way.

"I hope you won't force me to rewind again, Ose. Consider what we've discussed carefully."

He vanished, leaving the room silent and empty, with only Ose breathing quietly by herself.

After a full minute of silence, Ose jumped to her feet. She blinked her eyes and looked around as if in a daze.

"That was..."

"That was a REALLY weird encounter!" She spat into the void. "Creep! Sex-pest! Pervert!"