Part 469: Humans Are Insects!
Part 469: Humans Are Insects!

Samuel Baker breathes a momentary sigh of relief as he sees Ashley's transformation. As her superior officer, he's well-aware of her abilities and her S-Rank Power Glove status. Among humanity's military, fewer than twenty people have such a high aptitude for non-human species, and none of them have dual S-Rank compatibilities.

He knows well the power such a high ranking can unleash. She might actually be able to push back the Baron of Collection... at least for a time.

But unfortunately, Samuel doesn't have the ability to focus on how Ashley is handling herself. He has his own problems!

The Duke of Feathers chuckles evilly. "Whether you're a fairy or a human doesn't matter to me. You've thrown your lot in with the Wordsmith, so I'll crush you all the same!"

Raven _ca-caws_ at Samuel, then flaps his wings to rush toward him. Samuel flickers to the side and tries to avoid Raven's attack, but the Duke's movements are frighteningly fast! He follows Samuel's mana-trail to perceive where he'll reappear, then switches gears to launch steel-like feathers from his body at the pseudo-fairy!

"Damn!" Samuel curses.

Lacking a ranged weapon, he can't unleash attacks on the Duke of Feathers from afar, and while his Rhino Exosuit is the strongest model Phoebe Hiro has ever made, it's nowhere near capable of tanking attacks from High Demons!

This puts Samuel in quite a predicament.

With only his fairy abilities keeping him alive, but lacking any sort of formal training in what fairies can actually do, he repeatedly has to rely on his instincts to stay half a step ahead of Duke Raven. If he lands a successful claw swipe, he could rip Samuel's armor and body to shreds!

Quickly, Samuel summons a hasty illusion. He waves his hand, causing two more apparitions of himself to appear, then one of them flies to the right while the other flies to the left. Raven continues charging at his main body, but he instantly swaps positions with the one fleeing to the right.

"Nice try!" Raven cackles, instantly locking onto his new position. "Do you think a cheap little trick like that can keep me from finding you? Your magic's so sloppy an Imp could follow your trail!"

"DAMN!" Samuel curses again! Raven doggedly locks onto him, firing even more feathers from his arms while new ones grow to replace the old.

Despite 'only' being feathers, each one is individually the size of a dagger, and they somehow weigh almost 500 pounds! When the feathers _whiff_ past Samuel, they crash into the ground, or other random undead in the area, smiting those monsters dead by crushing them under the weight of an anvil!

Samuel tries not to think about what would happen if these sharpened cannonballs were to strike any part of his body.

But still, while the feathers are fast and dangerous, he can still manage to keep his distance from Raven by relying on his fairy magic, and even when torrents of feathers fly at him, they only ever strike his afterimage.

_God, I hope this is the limit of Raven's abilities..._ Samuel thinks.

But how can a Demon Duke be so simple?

As Ashley battles against Xena, Samuel also tries to keep Raven busy by holding her attention.

"You're not so scary, bird-brain!" Samuel taunts, while continuously monitoring his surroundings for danger. "I can do this all day!"

"What an arrogant little moth." Raven taunts right back, firing another wave of feathers for Samuel to dodge. "Do you think I'm taking you the slightest bit seriously? The mightiest Fairy is nothing before a Demon Emperor, and you are _far_ from capable of matching up to your peers. I've yet to see a single Formation from you, or any interesting tricks, or traps... what is your element, I wonder? What field do you specialize in? I'm betting you don't even know!"

Samuel winces. He realizes his opponent right. He's only chatted with Blinker on a surface-level and the two of them have never been particularly close. Samuel doesn't know how fairy magic works, but instinctively feels he could be doing so much more with it... if only he knew what he didn't know!

The lack of information stifles his magic! He can only fire off halfhearted bursts of telekinesis, or teleport around in a way that Raven can easily follow with her eyes. Any other decent fairy would easily be able to befuddle her senses, but his usage of mana is so crude and childlike that Raven easily identifies his lack of combat experience.

"I have an idea!" Raven suddenly says. "Let's make this a little more fun."

At once, all of the feathers Raven fired at Samuel but 'missed' suddenly explode! Five hundred feathers, previously littered around the area seemingly at 'random,' detonate like grenades, spraying metallic feather-down all over the battlefield!

An instant later, the down spreads across the entire area, covering the undead and Samuel both in fine, hair-like metallic strings that gently float on the breeze.

Samuel comes under immense pressure!

Each individual thread of down doesn't seem the slightest bit frightening, but as it collects and attaches to his T-REX, Samuel's speed rapidly begins to drop. His Rhino's weight increases by 20%, then 50%...

Soon, its weight doubles!

"What the hell?!" Samuel cries in frustration, as even his fairy magic starts having trouble keeping him aloft. "What did you do to me?!"

Raven sneers contemptuously at the struggling human. He doesn't even launch more attacks, merely laughing to himself as Samuel's flight speed drops more and more by the second, along with his elevation. Raven's fellow undead also start to slow down, as if trapped in molasses. Their bodies struggle to remain upright while the weight of multiple anvils clings to their skin and bones.

"If you were a genuine fairy powerhouse, that little trick wouldn't have worked. But you're clearly some fledgling prince they sent out to help the humans, so you're greener than a fish's gills. You don't even have a weak Fairy Barrier surrounding that fancy combat armor, so you can't ward away my Feather Snow. I'm afraid if I bully you any more, our fun will be over and I'll have to go back to killing those weak little piss-ant humans. And that would sure be boring!"

Samuel grimaces at Raven's description of the 'battle.' So far, he's been fighting to stay alive, while his enemy has only leisurely launched attacks from a distance to scare the piss out of him. Not once has he come even the slightest bit closer to beating the Duke, let alone injuring him. Raven's feathers are at least ten times more durable than his own nanite-based armor. It's as if she wears a set of full armor that perfectly adheres to her skin!

"So you're just toying with me, huh?" Samuel grimaces, directing a hateful glare at his enemy. "Like all demons... you only look down on us humans!"

"And why shouldn't I?" Raven posits. "If you truly are some human borrowing the power of a fairy, it would explain why you're so pathetic at using it. You'll never compare to the majesty of a High Demon. Humans are worthless, weak little insects!"

...

At the same time as Raven bullies Samuel, Private Ashley McCarthy finds herself locked in deadly combat with Xena, the Baron of Collection. However, with her opponent only being a Baron, Ashley has a much more manageable time fighting her.

That's because Ashley possesses an S-rank compatibility with the Orc species. And unlike fairies, Orcs are all about brute strength. Ashley's combat training translates perfectly into her body's physical transformation!

After smashing Xena up into the ceiling with her greathammer, Ashley chases after the Baron, and the two of them engage in direct physical combat!

Ashley's greathammer swings toward Xena, but the Baron doesn't stupidly try to block the terrifying attack. She dodges it, then pulls out a longsword made out of Demonstone and stabs at an opening in Ashley's defenses.

But that opening is a fake-out! Ashley deliberately leaves her kidney open to a stab so that when Xena moves in for the attack, she can release her grip on the hammer with one hand, then bring the side of her fist down on Xena's head.

_BANG!!_

Ashley slams Xena's helmet and sends her sprawling into the dirt. She instantly recovers, but still appears pissed at the trickery on display.

"So you humans can transform into other species! Must be one of your Wordsmith's new abilities, huh?" Xena grimaces, easily identifying the truth much more easily than Raven did. "And you've become an orc! I wonder what sort of ugly guy you are under that armor, eh? You should take it off so we can have a fair fight!"

"I'm NOT ugly!" Ashley roars. "I'm a FAIR and DAINTY girl! I'm BEAUTIFUL, you undead witch!"

Contrasting with her eight-foot-tall height and somewhat guttural-sounding voice, Ashley's screams of anger sound more like a flummoxed denial to Xena's ears than a declaration of truth.

When Ashley starts swinging her Greathammer around again, Xena still has to continuously dodge and evade, lest what remains of her life be snuffed out on the spot!

Time after time, Ashley's hammer barely misses Xena, making her hair stand on end.

Even as a Baron protected by Demonstone and wrapped in the magic of undeath, she can still feel pain!

At the same time, despite 'only' being a Baron, she is still far superior to any average Orc. It's not that Ashley's Orc transformation has made her capable of contesting Barons, but that her default T-REX model has also improved her strength and speed. She can just barely rival Xena's physical parameters while also standing several heads taller than her.

But, despite matching up to a Demon Baron in many ways, Ashley still has one severely lacking parameter...

Her defense.

Xena slashes her sword and manages to tear apart a strip of armor across Ashley's chest, biting into the woman's orc-body and spraying blood. Ashley's new species allows her to mostly ignore the pain and continue fighting while her injuries rapidly heal, but unfortunately, Orcs, Trolls, and Ogres are very different monster species. Trolls are the ones with enhanced cellular regeneration, while Orcs are only a bit above average.

Ashley manages to land a glancing blow on Xena with her excellent combat training, but Xena is no slouch. She's a long-lived demon who has survived since the end of the Energy Wars. She's fought in countless mock battles, as well as battles for her survival. She even fought in the Final Battle against angelkind!

Even if Ashley manages to land a full-impact blow with her hammer, Xena's demonic body is much hardier than her own, and the Demonstone Armor only reinforces that defense to ludicrous levels! The worst impact will only cause her a few moments of dizziness and pain before she recovers!

Ashley lands three mighty blows on her opponent over the next few minutes, while Xena carves across Ashley's chest and legs ten times. The damage starts to add up, weakening Ashley further!

"Hahaha!" Xena laughs. "You're getting slower, little human! Orcs are indeed fearsome enemies, but that's not because of their bodies! It's because they are warriors bred from birth and bathed in blood! By contrast, you're just a little human girl harnessing the strength of another species!"

Xena lunges forward and rears her fist back. Ashley tries to punch her away, but Xena dodges that attack and brings her armored fist crashing into Ashley's thigh-bone, making the woman scream in pain and collapse into the dirt. Then Xena snaps her leg up into Ashley's lowered head, blasting apart the armor protecting her face and snapping her whole body into an inverted U-shape! Ashley falls unconscious as Xena brutally beats her with this two-hit combo, showing off the full prowess of a Demon Baron!

"Hah! And just like that, my opponent's out like a light!" Xena cackles at Ashley's collapsed figure. "Nice try, humans! But you'll never compare to a glorious demon! You're nothing but an insect to me!"

Xena hops over Ashley's unconscious figure. She stands next to the human's head, with its slowly-regrowing nanites that attempt to protect her most vulnerable body part. Still in her Orc form, Ashley doesn't look at all like a human, but Xena isn't fooled.

She raises her foot up to stomp Ashley's head into paste, but... at that moment...

A swarm of bugs skitters across the ground and starts climbing up Xena's armor!

"Ahh! What the hell?!" Xena exclaims. "Ew! EWW! Bugs, yuck! Why are there so many?!"

These bugs consist almost entirely of ants, but among them are scattered numbers of cockroaches. They quickly find the small gaps in Xena's armor and crawl inside, making her shiver and jump around in disgust.

"No, no, eww, gross! Get out of my armor! Aaah!! I hate bugs!!"

At the same time, while Xena shrieks at her unexpected predicament, Raven starts to move toward Samuel.

"You'll never compare to the majesty of a High Demon. Humans are worthless, weak little insects!"

She unleashes her full power, racing toward the little human while her Iron Down cripples his movement and makes his speed plummet. Even motioning with his hands comes more slowly due to their increased weight.

But before Raven can land the expected, casual blow...

A bee flies into the airspace between her and her opponent.

A simple little buzzy-bee... a Yellow Jacket from the remains of Earth.

An instant later, the bee suddenly explodes in size, transforming from the size of a grape to a bowling ball, and then to a beach ball.

As its size explodes, it begins to reshape itself, turning into a female demon. A Demon Emperor, none other than Kiari, the Emperor of Pestilence!

Kiari transforms out of her Bug Form directly in the path of Raven's charge!

"Shit!" Raven screams, an instant before the back of Kiari's palm casually smashes into her head.

_BOOM!!_

Raven goes flying!

She hurtles to the side, bounces off the ground, skids and flips until crashing into a heap of other undead, breaking their bones from the force of her heavy body.

Kiari casually shakes off the numbness in her hand and scowls at the fallen Duke.

"I don't like your insults toward insects. They are my friends!"

Kiari grins at her fallen opponent. But, after several long seconds of Raven laying motionless on the ground, Kiari's heart skips a beat.

"Oh... oh my GOSH! Did I kill her?! I didn't mean to! I must have used too much strength!"

Kiari quickly runs over to Raven's prone body. As she draws closer, she senses the weak emanations of life bubbling within Raven's consciousness.

"Wait! Don't die!" Kiari cries. "I'm sorry! I'm so sorry! I just wanted to look cool for a moment! I didn't mean to hit you so hard! Maybe I can get you back to Samantha and she can heal you!"

Raven lies on the ground, her brain utterly dazed by that one accidental, casual tap from the Emperor of Pestilence. As Kiari sobs uncontrollably about accidentally beating the shit out of her by pure reflex, Raven can only think one thing...

_Life is so unfair._

At the same time, Kiari's swarm of insects drives Xena insane. Her entire body becomes itchy as the insects crawl all over her skin, biting and nibbling at her in a way that finally forces her to start yanking the demonstone off and throwing it aside so she can slap herself silly.

"Gross! GROSS! Disgusting!!" Xena cries, her long red hair now infested with thousands of ants. Without any access to magic, she doesn't have a way to kill the bugs faster than they can arrive.

Suddenly, a praying mantis mixed amidst the thousands of other bugs increases in size until it becomes as big as Xena herself. Xena notices the newcomer, but before she can react, the insect swats downward with one of its powerful forelimbs.

_Snap! THUNK!_

It grabs Xena's head and slams her against the dirt, knocking her out and ending her threat.

At the same time, many other bugs grow in size and charge into the undead hordes, ripping apart the monsters and demons under Mephisto's employ, finally clearing up the threat they've faced valiantly for so long!

Samuel, seeing that the situation has been resolved, breathes a sigh of relief. He teleports to Kiari's side and frowns at the defeated figure of Duke Raven, feeling a bit stifled in his chest at how easily Kiari dealt with the demoness who was toying with him before.

"What are you crying about?" Samuel asks, his tone slightly angry. "And where have you been? We lost track of you right before the fight began! A lot of people died because you weren't here!"

Kiari winces. "I'm sorry, Samuel. I was there with you one second, but then suddenly I wasn't. I found myself in a totally different part of the Labyrinth, miles away. I had to make my way back here. I think Mephisto teleported me."

"Well, at least you're here now." Samuel says. "Thanks for the save. If you'd come a few minutes later... I'd probably be dead."

He glances in Ashley's direction.

"And the Private certainly WOULD be."

Kiari glances around the battlefield.

In the sky above, Uriel does battle against the Brutes.

In the distance, the fairies try to fight against the horde of monsters streaming out of the Death Gates.

Somewhere unseen, Blinker battles Zamiel.

And, in a secluded and dark section at a distant corner of the battlefield, rumblings of fire and brimstone occasionally shake the Labyrinth.

Kiari cracks her neck.

"We're dealing with a Necromancer. All he does is send his minions out to fight for him."

She smiles.

"Two can play at that game."