Part 406: Unarin's Gains
Part 406: Unarin's Gains

The Founder's Spear drops out of orbit and travels toward Volgarius's surface within just a few minutes, eventually arriving at the Founder's Thumb. It docks inside the secret hangar at the top of the building, allowing Jason, Unarin, and Muuxunuu to depart.

Jason stretches his legs as he exits the craft and glances around the shiny and pristine hangar, marveling once again at its technological supremacy.

"This isn't an ordinary hangar, is it?" Jason questions.

"Of course not. It's state of the art." Unarin replies from behind him, as they step onto the stratoscraper's beautiful steel floors. "There are countless fancy little devices hidden inside the Founder's Spear, this hangar, and all the rest of the Founder's Thumb. All designed to protect the lives of VIPs."

"What if one of the VIPs attacks another VIP?" Jason questions in a slightly sardonic manner.

"Well. There's also a pecking order." Unarin dryly responds.

"I guess not all VIPs are made equal."

"No. They are not."

The two leaders engage in small talk as they exit the hangar. Muuxunuu departs from their side without any fanfare, barely even whispering a 'goodbye' before making herself scarce. After she leaves Jason raises an eyebrow.

"I'm curious. Muuxunuu. Is she your... mate? Subordinate?"

"She is my most loyal and ardent follower." Unarin replies. "She has been at my side since the beginning."

"That's not really much of an answer." Jason chuckles. "I mean, like, you know... is she _more_ to you?"

"My relations with other Volgrim are of no concern to you, Wordsmith." Unarin says, directing a curt eye to the human standing a head taller than him. "I advise you not to continue that line of questioning any further. Unless you'd prefer I press you for intimate details of your life as well."

Jason smiles weakly. "Ah, sorry. I have a way of rudely pushing boundaries."

"At least you're self-aware regarding that fact." Unarin says.

The two of them ultimately arrive at the entrance to Unarin's Sanctum. Jason pauses for a moment to examine the artwork, then turns to the First Founder.

"Well then. This has been an eye-opening experience. Very enlightening."

"Indeed, it has." Unarin replies. "You have given me much to think about. Are you still interested in pursuing a joint venture?"

"I am." Jason answers. "Though, surely, you knew that."

"You were unable to transform that Kolvaxian back into its original self." Unarin points out. "But I got the impression you could have done more. If you are unable to come up with any countermeasures against the Kolvaxians, our cooperation will benefit you greatly, but myself not at all. I advise that you look into countermeasures against the Plague, Jason. Leeching off my goodwill may benefit you in the short-term, but an inability to assist my grand goals will only result in the extermination of Volgrimkind, followed swiftly by humanity."

Jason's expression becomes more determined. "I am aware. I also need to get to the bottom of why I sensed Gressil's energy inside the Kolvaxian. I don't like the way things are headed right now. And as for you, you should do everything you can to find out whether or not there really is a dragon out there, somewhere. I need not tell you how dangerous it is for a monster potentially three times mightier than Jörmungandr to still walk the mortal plane."

"Your concern is duly noted." Unarin nods. "I will expend all of my available resources to track down the truth of this matter."

"I hope to hear good things." Jason says with a smile. "Farewell, Unarin."

The First Founder snorts. "Tell Marie Becker I said hello."

"Ah... ahaha. You saw through me again." Jason laughs.

The Wordsmith and First Founder split apart.

Jason exits through the door to Unarin's Sanctum, and it closes behind him.

A few minutes pass as Unarin remains rooted to the spot, his eyes closed as if deep in thought.

Eventually, he opens them.

"Dosena."

The First Founder turns on his heel, only to see the Second Founder standing right behind him.

[I found your discussions with the Wordsmith enlightening.] Dosena says, her tone lacking any emotion.

"Ever the voyeur." Unarin snarks. "Listening in on every little discussion."

[So much information. So many new Truths revealed.] Dosena replies, ignoring the slight tinge of annoyance in Unarin's tone. [I have not heard of this 'Cosmic Realm' before. If the Plague is using it to spread, we must find and clear it out at once.]

"Indeed, we must." Unarin answers. "But... I do not like this feeling in my chest. Someone is deceiving us. Playing us for fools."

[You have long hypothesized that the Plague is not as simple as it appears.] Dosena says, turning from Unarin to wander over to some nearby artwork depicting the fall of a world to the Kolvaxians 70,000 years prior. [Now that you have confirmation, it should make your deductions simpler.]

"If only I were a Brain Enhancer." Unarin chuckles. "My thoughts could revolve a million times faster. Alas, for I do not."

Unarin walks deeper into his Sanctum, leaving Dosena behind to stare at his artwork. Not that it matters, for her senses can stretch across an entire planet, let alone the paltry confines of the Founder's Thumb.

"First," Unarin says, raising a finger, "the Wordsmith revealed to me that the Archangels are no longer in the world of the living. They are all dead, as expected. It seems Satan lied to us with regards to the disappearance of the Archangel's Rings."

[The Devil made it sound as if the other Emperors collectively decided to destroy those rings. Yet, they did not. How curious.] Dosena muses. [I wonder what would possess them to allow the souls of their most powerful enemies to continue existing?]

"Secondly," Unarin continues, extending another finger, "the Wordsmith revealed that he was the one who entered Marie Becker's lab. That explains a few recent happenings. The Wordsmith has been causing us no small amount of trouble, recently. We have to proceed with caution."

[Caution?] Dosena asks. [You previously worried the Wordsmith was a juggernaut of intelligence, swift of mind and free of thought. But as it turns out, he is still barely a seed, yet to germinate. He is young, foolish, and naïve. You will be able to easily mold him into a tool for the Volgrim Empire.]

"I don't think I will." Unarin says, while reaching for a cup and pouring himself a glass of some bitter beverage, something taken from one of the countless worlds under his dominion.

He swirls the liquid around for a moment before inhaling its slightly-poisonous fumes and daintily sipping it down.

"Mmm. The Wordsmith is hardier of mind than he appears. He's a foolish idealist, but it will take several major events to break that silly line of thinking. We cannot rush these events, nor force them. Luckily, he's sitting on a powder-keg of volatility. He has plenty of enemies lurking within his walls, ones who will soon call into question that notion of his... that notion everyone can simply _get along_ and all become friends."

[To say nothing of his so-called 'friends' who are looking to obtain power for themselves.] Dosena points out, projecting her voice across the Sanctum into Unarin's mind.

"Ah, yes. Neil Adams." Unarin says, faintly smiling. "That hero-boy was all too eager to inform me of the pressure points in his society. Foolish, as all young leaders are. Inform our Changelings of the matter and ensure they have enough infiltrators there to take advantage of the situation."

[I would, but your request is not so easy to fulfill.] Dosena says, surprising Unarin with her words. [I am no longer able to peer within the confines of Tarus II. Not easily, anyway.]

"Hm?" Unarin frowns, turning to look across the Sanctum in her general direction. "What do you mean?"

[The Wordsmith's magic is potent.] Dosena answers. [Tarus II's happenings are no longer visible to me. I am not ignorant to how 'magic' functions, but the Wordsmith's powers are too... reality-defying. Our sensors cannot reach the surface. Only when I go there in person can I obtain the intelligence I seek. Likewise, I cannot 'beam' Changelings onto its surface.]

"Are you telling me the Wordsmith can fully shield his activities from our great Empire?" Unarin asks.

[Of course not. While we cannot view his planet from afar, due to its stealth shielding of a magical nature, we can still peer into its inner workings through the Warpgate. Whenever it opens, I can slip through and stroll around at my leisure. However, its security has tightened significantly. The Wordsmith's wife is quite fearsome, in that she has already begun to make small amounts of progress in searching out our agents.]

"Ah. The Warpgate." Unarin says, nodding to himself. "Right. It seems the Wordsmith is wary of our intentions. It doesn't take a genius to see that the Volgrim are exceptionally good at subverting existing power structures for our own benefit. Why waste the lives of our valued soldiers needlessly when we can simply make our enemies bludgeon themselves to death?"

The First Founder finishes off his glass of poison-water, a tonic that would kill someone of a weaker constitution, but which only tingles his tongue. He sets the glass down on the table, allowing a nearby cleaning droid to pick it up and whisk it away.

"Third," Unarin says, returning to his topic from earlier, "the Wordsmith enlightened me to the possibility of a dragon still existing."

[I was more surprised to learn that a dragon previously lived on Earth.] Dosena counters. [Learning there may be one out in the Void... that is less shocking of a notion.]

"Those Earthlings." Unarin mutters. "So many mysteries. We monitored that world for millennia. Even so, we did not uncover all its alarming secrets."

[The Wordsmith seemed to think a dragon attacked Grimvolas.] Dosena points out. [But as I recall, you once hypothesized it was...]

"I'm not omniscient." Unarin counters. "Even I can make mistakes."

[Even so.] Dosena replies. [What motivation would a dragon have to attack Valhalla? I still prefer your original theory. It must have been a Titan who was at fault.]

"All the Titans were dead at that point." Unarin retorts. "Who would still be alive that might contain such rage toward their own species?"

[Yes, yes, the Titans were all dead.] Dosena says, materializing before Unarin by stepping through a crack in space. [Just like the dragons.]

The First Founder hesitates.

"...Fair enough. So was it a Titan or a Dragon? I want an investigation performed on Grimvolas. Put Executor Vi in charge. And keep this quiet. The Dolgrimite Matriarch has been getting quite huffy with me, of late."

[Are you afraid of the Dolgrimites?] Dosena asks casually. [Say the word, and I'll wipe them out within the cycle.]

"I made a promise." Unarin mutters. "I won't turn against them just because they're errant little brats. I did not assume control of our people just to play favorites and split hairs! I am the leader of all Volgrim. I do not discriminate against any sub-species."

[That attitude has served you well for a boringly long time.] Dosena says. [But... I wonder how long it will continue to do so? Many are growing restless. I've heard the complaints about your rule piling up. Certainly, the majority of Volgrim worship the ground upon which you walk... but their doubts are not unfounded.]

Unarin closes his eyes and massages his forehead.

"Ancient Volgrim, guide me. Did the Wordsmith's speech tickle your ears, Dosena? Are you starting to think you can do a better job than me?"

He lowers his hand and smirks at the Second Founder.

"Go ahead, then. Strike me down and take over. I'm sure you'll have a blast."

[Let's not play word-games.] Dosena groans, turning away and rolling her eyes. [_You_ perform the tedious tasks. _I_ kill the troublesome ones. Don't bore me 
with the threat of ruling your empire.]

"Are you sure?" Unarin asks, taking a step back and spreading his palms. "Don't you feel a little stifled? You can think faster than me. You're perfectly competent in your own right. Surely, with your strength, you could unify-"

[I would sooner cast myself into the core of a star entering its supernova phase.] Dosena groans even more loudly than before. [Spare me the theatrics, _Uni_.]

Unarin's eye twitches at the mention of his least favored 'cute' nickname. "...Certainly."

He turns around and extends another finger.

"Fourth. The Wordsmith has possessed his incredible powers for six years, but he has yet to truly experiment with them in their entirety. Imagine not attempting to investigate secrets of the past, or failing to look into the future."

The First Founder pauses.

"...But then again. Given the fate of Brother Vedric... perhaps gazing into the future is not such a desirable choice."

[To be fair to the little brat, he has been quite busy.] Dosena points out. [Rebuilding a fallen species is not something one can do with ease.]

"I'm sure he could have found time to do a little experimentation now and then." Unarin retorts. "Certainly, were I in his position, I would have made the effort."

After a brief pause, Unarin continues.

"Fifth. This plot by the Demon Emperor Gressil. I want you to... take care of it."

Dosena stands up a little straighter. [You think there is some merit to the Wordsmith's hypothesis?]

"If Gressil is even remotely connected to the Plague, I want you to hunt him like a _Weevlench_ and rip him apart. Scour every inch of his body, yank out his thoughts, and uncover his plot."

Unarin narrows his eyes.

"I won't take any chances. We're losing this war, Dosena. I'm not sure even you can save us, at this point. Send one of the 7th-levels to capture Gressil. If we're wrong, so what? We'll have eliminated one bloodthirsty psychopath from the galaxy. I'm sure even the demons will thank us."

[Truth be told...] Dosena mutters. [I feel a certain level of wariness toward this Gressil. He hid his strength well. None of us knew he had become an Emperor. While you talked to the Wordsmith, I cast out my tendrils and learned that until a few cycles ago, none of the demons knew either. Lucifer's progeny is even more cunning than his mother.]

"Ah, but in the end, he is merely a Demon Emperor." Unarin replies, casually waving his hand. "Too weak to truly change the course of history."

Dosena nods. [Indeed.]

The First founder raises yet another finger. "Sixth. The Cosmic Realm. Neither Raphael nor the Wordsmith told us how to enter its confines. But I trust now that you are aware of its existence, you can begin searching for an entrance."

[I already have.] Dosena says, her tone cool. [I will work with Executors Huron and Nufaris to investigate this... Cosmic Realm. Their sensitivity toward the Void is unmatched by any other Psion except for me. The three of us may yet be able to crack this puzzle. But... it would have been faster if you had simply wrung the information out of the Wordsmith's neck.]

Unarin chuckles. "Patience, Dosena. This may surprise you, but I am attempting to brook a genuine peace with the Wordsmith. It would be in both our interests to form an Osmosis of our own, if you'll pardon the term."

[HAH!] Dosena guffaws, her laugh shaking the Sanctum's air. [A genuine peace! Oh, Unarin, your jokes are truly divine! If you could break his mind, you'd do so in an instant! But you fear the Wordsmith. You worry he may have plans you can't prepare for.]

"He worked alongside the Knowledge-Seeker. The Mind Thief." Unarin replies. "Don't get me wrong. The brat is young and naïve... but you'd be a fool to think he lacks any neural activity. While I probed him, he probed me. It is not as if I walked away with the psion's share of the gains."

[The information you fed Jason Hiro was reality-shattering to him, but nothing at all to us.] Dosena replies. [A few crumbs for the pauper. You will have given him a few clues to increase his power. But the information he fed us will raise our ceiling of strength significantly.]

The Second Founder's eyes glaze over for a moment.

[A Cosmic Realm. Imagine it, Unarin. A space between the Void where we can travel unseen by external observers. As vast as the entire galaxy. If we could Volform it, we could expand our numbers enough to threaten...]

Unarin's smile vanishes. In its place, a hideous look of disgust appears.

"Those creatures from _Andromeda_. They are terrifying in their own right. We nearly drew a calamity upon ourselves when they discovered the presence of our first inter-galaxy colonization fleet. Luckily, our loyalists self-destructed before... before the _beasts_ could learn of our existence."

[The Dark Ones are not enemies we can yet hunt.] Dosena says, ever so quietly. [But if I succeed in raising one of our Executors to the 9th Level, that may change.]

"Perhaps if you face them two-to-one." Unarin mutters. "And if you face two or three of them at the same time? It would be your death."

[Mmm.]

Unarin walks over to a window overlooking the local area of Volgarius. He crosses his hands behind his back and eyes the greenery outside, the only patch of its kind on the whole planet, with a look of clinical dispassion.

"Finally... we have confirmed that the Codex is still alive. I need not tell you what this means for us, especially now. If Gressil and Lucifer have worked together to spread the Plague, then capturing them must be our top priority. Perhaps we can reverse-engineer the Plague by forcing them under our thumb. Lucifer, especially... she has many uses outside of merely ending the Plague's reign of terror."

[And what of the dragon?] Dosena counters. [Perhaps Gressil is merely an agent of that dark entity.]

Unarin frowns.

He continues staring out the window, but his thoughts begin to wander.

"Dragon... Earth... attacked Grimvolas... escaped an artifact..."

The First Founder's eyes flicker with countless thoughts as he struggles to put the pieces together.

"We're missing something. Information. Something obvious. Dosena, inform Executor Vi to scour Grimvolas for traces of draconic energy. In particular, tell her to look for... _recent_ traces."

Dosena steps across the Void to arrive at Unarin's side.

[You believe... the Dragon may still be on Grimvolas?]

"Perhaps." Unarin murmurs. "The Dolgrimites have become especially recalcitrant since the Energy Wars. They've begun fanatically worshiping their god, 'Dolgris,' all while shunning even the politest interactions with other Volgrim."

[The Dolgrimites have always worshiped Dolgris.] Dosena says. [Are you implying...]

"That's right. Perhaps the dragon has somehow... taken over their religion. Replaced their original beliefs in some way. Maybe it lurks in the shadows, manipulating them like puzzle pieces. It may even be hiding directly on Grimvolas, unseen by us for all this time."

[Not to doubt your judgment,] Dosena says, [but we're talking about a monster from the Primordial Era. I'm not certain how I would fare in direct combat against it. Why would this monster play games with us and avoid drawing attention to itself?]

"Perhaps the mighty dragon has... _weakened_." Unarin simply replies.

Dosena nods slowly.

[Yes. Perhaps it has.]

The two Volgrim leaders continue conversing for a while longer. Eventually, Unarin waves his hand dismissively.

"Make sure the Executors begin their work at once. I will speak to Founder Treyza regarding our infiltration proceedings on Tarus II. With any luck, we might be able to make this pressure point of Neil Adams useful to our objectives."

[I will continue working to gain access to the Cosmic Realm.] Dosena replies. [Until next time.]

With those words, Dosena vanishes like smoke in the wind, disappearing from before Unarin in an instant. Her vanishing act makes no noise, nor does it cause the slightest disturbance.

As for the First Founder, he lightly taps his chin and chuckles.

"Hahaha... it's been a while since I had to trade wits against someone. I sometimes miss those discussions I used to have with Marie Becker. She was always such an engrossing conversational adversary. It's just too bad the Wordsmith isn't _quite_ up to par."