Part 202: Jepthath's Ultimatum
Part 202: Jepthath's Ultimatum

_Due to the wound Bael dealt me; I was forced to withdraw along with my troops. Naturally, our retreat still ended up bearing many fruits. In total, we slew more than three thousand demonic broodmothers, though what proportion of the whole that amounted to, we did not know._

_Within three days, the newfound Titan power flowing through my veins allowed my broken bones to heal. Immediately, I launched an assault on the demonic hordes. We ravaged one bloodskin den after another. No matter their rank, no matter how they begged for mercy, we killed every last one we laid our eyes on._

_However, even as I continually recruited new villages from one end of the continent to the next, I began to realize my soldiers were far too free-spirited. I knew not the reason why, but unlike Hercules's Legion, who obeyed his every word, mine would often do whatever they pleased. Occasionally, this led to a more successful mission with greater bloodskin casualties and fewer human deaths. Often, it did not._

_To my disgust, there were some warriors who, upon obtaining my power, focused exclusively on satisfying their desires. For the new Legion, I recruited anyone I could find. Men, women, and children too. I had little time left alive, and as such, I put almost no thought into who should join my Legion's ranks._

_That was when the chaos began._

_Some men, upon gaining enough power to stand against Demon Barons and Dukes, decided their time would be better spent subjugating unascended humans. When I learned of the first time a Legionnaire assaulted a series of helpless villager women, my blood boiled with rage. Unable to take back the man's power, I instead used my superior strength to smash his skull into pieces, then strung his body up in the village's square as a warning to those who might commit similar acts in the future._

_With the threat of a demonic invasion hanging over our necks every day, I could not fathom what would bring a man to attack his fellow human beings. For the first time, I realized humanity had a dark side, a terrible, vile nature hidden within us. As bad as the demons were, the idea that one powerful human could turn those weaker than him into his playthings filled me with cold dread._

_The bloodskins paled in comparison to any human who might turn against his own people. That was my definition of true evil._

_And so, with this newfound realization, it only took me one month of slaughtering demons before I decided to head to Mount Sinai. I needed to survey the damage the demons had dealt to angelkind, as well as remedy a few needs plaguing myself at the time._

Jepthath's vision shifts. He, along with one hundred empowered humans, stomp through the pitch-black corridors of Mount Sinai's underground tunnels. They travel at a brisk walk, keeping their eyes peeled for dangers lurking within the tunnel system's crevices. However, no matter where they look, they find nothing. Unlike in the past, where angels would roam the halls and keep the ancient torches lit, not a soul whispers within the darkness.

Within half an hour, the platoon of hunters reaches the entrance to Heaven's Gate. They arrive in the large antechamber, still fortified with Camael's divine metallurgy, only to find a pair of angels standing guard outside the now-disabled warpgate to Heaven.

A woman wearing a frightening amount of platemail, standing six and a half feet tall, towers over her far more diminutive brother, a wingless angel Jepthath has met before.

The wingless angel's eyes bulge as he spots the platoon of humans stomping toward him. "Ah! It's... it's him! That man is the human who saved my life!"

The female angel's glorious golden hair flows out from beneath a helmet adorned with miniature wings. With her face shrouded by metal and only her hardened blue eyes visible, the humans can't make out her expression. However, at her brother's words, she lowers her sword.

"Is that so, Shepherd? Art thou laying claim to this mortal saving thee from the jowls of the demons?"

"Yes, yes, Sister Frida!" Shepherd says, his breathing erratic. He leans heavily on a staff, due to a crippled leg. "This human, his name is... is..."

"Jepthath. Indeed, I am the one who saved you, though, in truth, all I managed was to mend your wounds and stymie the blood flowing from your back. I am pleased to see you've survived the demon's attack."

Shepherd's excited expression disappears. Gloom takes its place. "Aye... survived."

Frida sheathes her sword. A deep sigh escapes her lips as she lowers her head. "I know not whether we were fortunate or unfortunate to count ourselves among the living. After Satan's suicidal attack, not ten thousand of my brothers and sisters survived to fight another day. We've lost the war."

Jepthath's eyes shift slightly. An odd look crosses over his face. "I beg your pardon, but I do not know what events transpired in Heaven. Might you explain the situation to me?"

Frida raises her head to gaze into Jepthath's eyes. "I know not thy identity, human, nor why I should inform thee of anything thou knoweth not. What is thy heritage? How art thou capable of speaking the common tongue when thy people are little more than ignorant apes?"

"Ah, so you don't know," Jepthath says, a hint of mockery in his voice. "Humanity has ascended. Under my hand, we will rise to defeat the demons. That is why I've come today. I seek the aid of the Archangels in my quest to rid the world of the bloodskins."

"Thou requesteth our help? Bah! What assistance can we render?" Frida asks. "Our numbers are but a fraction of their former might. We cannot replenish our strength, but the demons can! They will come knocking at our door soon, hence why Raphael has ordered my brother and I to stand guard at Heaven's Gate."

Shepherd takes a step toward Jepthath. He leans even more heavily on his staff than before as his expression turns to one of pain. "Please, benefactor, do not despise my sister for her words. We must keep Heaven's Gate deactivated unless expressly ordered by Raphael. As the weakest of our people, he placed us here as bait for the demons. Should the Emperors come knocking, we will detonate a blast of holy energy and raze the mountain to the ground. We will gladly give our lives to protect our family! We cannot allow entry for anyone, not even one as righteous as thee."

Jepthath's gaze falls upon the deactivated warpgate leading to Heaven. 

"I see. I am not your enemy. We share the same foe, the hellspawn army of Satan the Devil. Will you send a message to Raphael for me? Tell him I am the inheritor of the Titans, and I've come to offer my services to the angels. With your numbers depleted, we must do what we can to eliminate the bloodskins before they become too powerful."

Shepherd and Frida both glance at each other. Her expression is one of immediate rejection, but before she can get a word in, Shepherd drops to his knees. "Sister Frida, please! This human saved my life! I owe him a great debt. As he is a mortal, I will endure great shame if he perishes before I pay him back! All he asks is for thou to send a message to our eldest brother. Can we not perform such a trifle for my benefactor's sake?!"

Frida hesitates. Confronted with her brother's tear-filled eyes, she eventually relents. 

"Alright. I do not owe this human a debt, but given thy mana deficiency, I will send the message in thy stead. Were thou to possess even a drop of mana, I know thou woulds't assist this human to thy dying breath. Thou art a most righteous figure, Shepherd."

Frida turns and places her palm against a symbol on the warp-gate's control panel. Heaven's Gate hums to life for a few moments as she pours a significant amount of mana into its energy matrix. Eventually, Frida pulls back and drops to her knees. Sweat drips off her brow, forcing her to remove her helmet and wipe her forehead.

"I... I sent the message. Our brothers will respond within the hour."

Frida's face is that of a hardened warrior, someone who has seen countless battles in her lifetime. With piercing blue eyes capable of melting steel and a golden head of hair, her appearance resembles a goddess of war.

Jepthath nods. "I understand. My men and I will wait."

Each of the soldiers fans out and presses their backs to the enchanted steel walls. Ten others walk just outside the chamber and stand guard, keeping a vigilant eye on their surroundings in case the demons decide to attack.

_As I waited, I evaluated the two angels before me. Without his wings, and still suffering from a hobbled leg, Shepherd was, without a doubt, the most pitiful figure I had ever seen in all my years. However, Frida was a menacing warrior reminiscent of Archangel Uriel. For Shepherd to claim she was among the weakest of the remaining angels, it filled me with disgust. How many angels had perished for someone of Frida's caliber to count as a lowborn?_

_I passed the next hour by chatting idly with Shepherd. Frida did not allow him to explain Heaven's situation to me, but even without him making explicit statements, I was able to glean a hint of the devastation Satan had unleashed._

Suddenly, the air inside the chamber becomes noticeably less stale. A shimmer in the room's center causes everyone to step back. Moments later, a portal rips into the fabric of reality, as Raphael himself steps through. Alongside him, Camael and Michael emerge from Heaven to scrutinize the humans standing outside their domain.

Raphael gazes at Jepthath for only a moment. He evaluates the human's glowing eyes with a hint of disgust before shaking his head.

"Come with me. Only thou may enter Heaven. This entourage of warriors must stay behind."

His words provide no chance for Jepthath to argue. If the human wishes to enter Heaven, he must accept Raphael's demands.

Jepthath blinks slowly. "Very well. Only I will come. The rest of my warriors will remain here and stand guard to protect Heaven's Gate. We have come in peace, after all."

"Peace, thou sayeth?" Raphael asks. His expression turns grim. "I remember the last time someone who 'came in peace' wished to enter Heaven. Luckily, even if thou desireth our extinction, there is nothing left for thee to destroy."

Camael nods. Her eyes reveal the Hell she's endured over the past month.

"Indeed. We've only just begun the rites of burial for those who passed. Given the number of fallen, we've even had to expedite the ceremonies for all but the most honored warriors. Such a disgrace will stain our people forever."

"I understand," Jepthath says. "I will come alone and without protest."

"Thou understandeth nothing," Michael says, his voice cold. "But soon, thou shalt."

The Archangels step through Raphael's portal, and Jepthath follows them.

As the guests leave and the portal closes, Shepherd stares at the spot where they disappeared with a longing expression.

"Sister Frida. I... I hope with my heart of hearts that that human is capable of slaying the demons. The demons took everything from us. We must exact swift revenge."

"Aye," Frida replies. She rests her hand on the hilt of her blade and gazes at the hundred men standing with their backs to the enchanted walls. "As do I."

---

**[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9r4fIgHO3bo)**

Jepthath steps through Raphael's portal. The moment he enters Heaven, a rotten stench assaults him, causing him to stagger backward and swallow meaty chunks of bile. Iron, sulfur, and traces of burnt copper mix into a gag-inducing cocktail with enough potency to make his eyes water.

"Gurk..."

As Jepthath blinks back tears and forces down the roiling in his stomach, he opens his eyes a little wider to examine his surroundings.

Where once Heaven was a realm filled with beautiful trees, flowers, and grass as far as the eye could see, in the wake of Satan's detonation, it has become a post-apocalyptic wasteland. Thick, bloody mist lingers in the air, blowing to and fro by winds of an unknown origin. The ground squishes beneath Jepthath's feet as the gore from millions of angels and demons blends into a foul, toxic swamp capable of choking all it touches.

Jepthath gingerly takes a step forward, only to grimace when his foot sinks three inches into the bloody quagmire. The ground seizes him like quicksand, making forward movement difficult at best, if not impossible.

Camael gazes upon the human's predicament and sighs. "Here. This trinket will grant thee the gift of flight. Its power is limited, but I believe it will last for at least a few hours if used sparingly."

The Archangel of Divination hands Jepthath a perfectly polished pearl, just small enough to fit in his hand.

"M-my thanks, Archangel," Jepthath replies, still trying to steady his churning stomach. He takes the pearl from her, wraps it within his hand, and sends a stream of mana into it. A moment later, he lifts off the ground and hovers a few feet above it, allowing him to travel forward safely.

"We've decontaminated the area where the Temple of Elderium once stood," Camael says, her tone emotionless. "However, it will take us decades to remove the leftover remnants of Satan's miasma from all across Heaven. Cleaning up the remains of our fallen brothers and sisters will require even more time."

Jepthath hovers after the Archangels as they slowly flap their wings and glide across the bloody swamp. "I... I do not understand. What happened here? My master, Hercules, told me of a terrible battle in Heaven, but he perished before the fighting ended."

"We fought a war, and we lost," Michael says, his voice hollow. "My memory is hazy due to the wounds I sustained fighting the Great Demon. However, what I do know is that Satan transformed himself into a living bomb. He unleashed enough destructive power to level the entirety of Heaven, as well as its inhabitants. With a single attack, he wiped out millions of bloodskins and angels."

Raphael flies closer to Michael. He places his hand on the Archangel of Courage's shoulder and sighs. "Do not blame thyself, Michael. Thy battle against the Great Demon delayed him long enough to allow at least a fraction of our family to escape. Had thou not risked thy life to fight that monstrosity, Satan might have killed all of us with his underhanded soul manipulation."

"A small consolation, given how many siblings we've lost," Michael mutters.

Jepthath listens to the Archangels as they travel eastward, toward the center of Heaven. Eventually, after a bit of back and forth, he uncovers the specifics of what happened during the War in Heaven.

"Gods. How could such devastation be possible?" 

Raphael snorts. "Compared to some of the beasts born during the Primordial era, Satan's attack was but a drop in the bucket. However, my people have declined over the eons, even to the point where such pitiful, wretched creatures can threaten us."

"Nevertheless, Satan's army represents a significant threat to all of Earth," Jepthath says. "Comparing him to long-dead monsters won't diminish his presence in the coming months and years."

"The human speaks truth," Camael replies. "Ah, over there. Look closely."

Jepthath follows Camael's indication as she gestures into the distance toward a massive stone platform laid atop Heaven's soil. Standing only inches tall, the width and circumference of the flat, stone table boggles Jepthath's mind. With a size big enough to encompass multiple human villages, the flat rock provides some shelter from the bloody swamp surrounding it.

Two thousand angels stand or sit on the platform. They cluster together in groups of four to ten, chatting quietly about various happenings. Jepthath and the Archangels descend from the skies and land softly at the edge of the platform, where several high-ranking Cherubs turn and bow politely.

"Brothers Raphael and Michael. Sister Camael. This human must be the visitor from outside."

"Aye," Camael says. Have Uzziel summon a small structure. We need to deliberate with this man in private."

"Very well. We'll dispatch Hermes on the double. Uzziel is likely still trying to cleanse the Bloody Sea even as we speak."

Michael's expression sours. "A thankless task."

"Aye."

The Cherubs disperse, leaving Jepthath and the Archangels alone. With nobody in earshot, Raphael turns to face the human warrior.

"Verily, thou dids't come here today to achieve some goal. Might I inquire as to what thou art seeking?"

Jepthath hesitates for a moment. "Ah... in truth, I came to ask for assistance from your people. My warriors are more than capable of wiping out demonkind, but the bloodskin burrows are well-hidden and scattered throughout the land. I hoped to gather tens of thousands of angels to sweep across the Earth from the skies in search of the demon's dens... but seeing how many of thy people remain, that request won't do anymore."

Raphael narrows his eyes. "Hmm..."

"Is something the matter, Eldest Archangel?"

"Indeed," Raphael replies, his voice curt. "Thy master was none other than Hercules, the Titan who enslaved Uzziel and Michael to do his bidding. He nearly seized control of all the Archangels during the War in Heaven! Thou art lucky I have yet to slay thee where thou standeth. Hads't thou attempted to bring thy invasion force along, I would have sent thy soul scattering to the furthest reaches of the Great Beyond before thou coulds't utter a word of complaint."

"Invasion force?" Jepthath asks. His eyes glow slightly as anger builds in the back of his mind. "Hmph. Now, listen here, Eldest Archangel! I do not take kindly to slander. Have you any idea how many demons lurk at the edges of Mount Sinai's base? I brought a contingent of warriors along as protection against bloodskin ambushers, not because I felt the need to threaten the pitiful remnants of your society with my superior strength!"

Jepthath grinds his teeth together.

"I understand you've lost many brothers and sisters, but don't pretend that you are alone in your misery! The bloodskins killed every member of my family. My Master perished while trying to protect the angels and Titans. He gave his power to me so that I might someday eradicate our shared enemies from the Earth!"

Jepthath's rage ignites the fire boiling within Michael's veins. In the blink of an eye, the Archangel of Courage draws his sword and swings it toward the human's neck, pausing the instant it touches Jepthath's skin. "Insolent human! Know thy place! Speak one more blasphemous word, and I'll rid the world of thy apostasy right here and now! I'll have thy head roll across the plains without-"

"Michael, stop," Raphael says, his voice unnaturally calm. "Sheathe thy blade."

"But brother! This human-"

"Put the sword away," Raphael repeats, his eyes revealing an ominous glint. "Unless thou thinketh me incapable of defending myself against a mere _human_."

Michael's breath catches in his throat. His gaze meets Raphael's, causing a hint of fear to appear in the Archangel of Courage's gaze. Immediately, he yanks his sword back and stabs it into his sheathe, then turns away.

"Very well. Thou art more than capable of slaying a weak little human. I'll take my leave."

Michael doesn't wait for Raphael's response. As if guided by an unspoken fear, the young hothead flaps his wings and soars away, leaving only Camael and Raphael alone with the human.

Jepthath touches the spot where Michael's blade rested. "Oh? What an interesting response, Archangel of Wisdom. It seems you've comprehended something your brother did not."

Raphael's eyes flicker with an indecipherable emotion. "Aye. Thy powers come from a soul manipulator. Hercules passed down his power to thee, and therefore, even were we to slay thee here, thy powers would no doubt pass on to another human."

Jepthath smiles.

"It seems your Archangel title is not merely for show."

"Tsk."

Raphael's nose twitches. He glances at Camael, who continues to keep her gaze locked on Jepthath.

"Sister?"

Camael blinks. "What?"

"I should like to ask thee the same question. Thou hath stood silently and observed this human since we arrived. When thy gaze falls upon someone for such a prolonged period, it can only mean..."

"Aye," Camael says. "I've performed multiple divinations on this man."

"As I thought," Raphael murmurs. "Have thou anything to say?"

"I'll wait until Uzziel's arrival," Camael replies, her tone cryptic.

Jepthath crosses his arms. A smile spreads across his face as he silently observes the Archangel's expressions.

_Born a mortal, someone who had roamed the Earth looking for the bare essentials to continue living, I had never once met the Archangels in person. However, my Master always sought to keep me informed during his lifetime. He provided me with vast amounts of information on not only the Archangels but anyone else who caught his attention. The Archangels all looked down on me, as they hadn't a clue who I was, but I knew within an instant that Camael was different from her siblings._

_Yes. Camael knew I was more than just a man, more than the inheritor of Hercules's ancestry. As she searched my future, I could only guess at what she saw, but her reluctance to move against me told me all I needed to know._

_The Archangels were scared._

_And why wouldn't they be? A single demon had succeeded at turning eons of angelic rule to dust. Where before they numbered almost ten million strong, after Satan's suicidal attack, their population had dropped to a fraction of its former power._

_The angels could not repopulate, but the demons could. Even with their society in disarray and hopelessness spread across their ranks, the leaders of angelkind sought any chance they could take at protecting themselves from total extinction._

_In Michael's eyes, I was nothing but an insolent human, a mortal born to feed him spiritual energy._

_But by Camael's reckoning, I was a faint spark of hope. I was a chance to hold the bloodskins back while her people rebuilt Heaven._

_Raphael might not possess his sister's divinations, but he knew better than to second-guess her wariness toward me. The mere fact she hadn't spoken a word during my verbal assault indicated she valued my existence more than punishing my slander._

_Having spoken fewer than a hundred words, I managed to deduce the true strength angelkind possessed, and I found it lacking._

...

An hour passes. Jepthath continues to poke and prod Camael and Raphael, but they offer little more than small talk. Eventually, Raphael breathes a sigh of relief as he spots several dozen angels flying over the horizon.

"Uzziel. Finally."

Before Uzziel arrives, a speedy blur zips through the skies. Faster than Jepthath's eyes can follow, the flash of movement rushes past him and screeches to a halt before Raphael. A young-looking male Seraph, one wearing tight, form-fitting robes, snaps his fingers and flashes a huge grin. "Yo! Eldest brother, I've returned! I found Uzziel in a flash, faster than you'd believe! It only took me like, three seconds! Zip, zoop, whapow! In and out, faster than-"

"Yes, yes, much obliged, Hermes," Raphel says, his voice heavy. "As always, thy speed is apprec-"

"But I couldn't help how slowly sister Uzziel flies!" Hermes continues, running his mouth like a mouse hyped up on caffeine. "I kept offering to fly her over here, but she always declined! I know you're in a rush, so I kept pushing and prodding, but she always just ignores me! What's the point of being a speed-zipper if I can't ever let loose and show off, ya know what I mean?! Some people are just so inconsiderate!"

Hermes babbles like a maniac. His words flow together so quickly that Jepthath winces from a rapidly developing migraine. Eventually, Camael walks over, places her hand on Hermes's shoulder, and clears her throat.

"_Ahem._ Brother Hermes, Raphael is tired. It would be improper to exhaust him, as thou art doing right now. Please head over to the Third District and continue assisting them with the cleanup."

"Heck yeah!" Hermes says, spinning on a dime. He whirls to face Camael and nods eagerly as if she's just given him the promotion of a lifetime. "Oh, boy! I'll mop up those entrails lickety-split! I'll scrub and clean like you ain't never seen before! Zip-zoop, that's me! Whapow!"

Before the Archangels can say anything else, Hermes transforms into a blur of movement and zips away at lightspeed, leaving Camael with her mouth hanging half-open.

"Sigh..." Camael groans. "I never should have given him those damned boots."

Raphael smiles. "Do not gaze upon Hermes with enmity, sister. His optimism shines through in every situation. 'Tis always a wonderful achievement when one can smile and persevere in the face of adversity."

"If _only_ he smiled and did _nothing_ else, I wouldn't mind," Camael grumbles.

Both Archangels fall silent as Uzziel descends from the bloodied sky, along with a couple dozen other low-ranked angels. The Archangel of Creation exhales deeply as she lands atop the stone platform and wipes her forehead.

"Brother Raphael! I came as quickly as I could. Hermes's message sounded urgent. Did something happen?"

Raphael frowns. "Did Hermes fail to deliver my message properly? I sent for thee so that ye might summon a small, wooden hut for Camael and I. We need to speak with our visitor, this human, in private."

Uzziel shrugs. "Hermes is sometimes difficult to understand. He speaks so quickly that I have trouble understanding him."

"As do we all," Camael sighs.

Raphael gestures toward Jepthath. Despite standing not far away from the Archangels, his appearance seems to have gone unnoticed by Uzziel. She turns to look at him, then flashes a radiant smile. "Ah, one of my beloved children! How dost thou fare, little one? I apologize for Heaven's sorry state, but it won't take us long to clean everything up."

Jepthath maintains a neutral expression. "Earthmother. I am Hercules's descendant, Jepthath, the inheritor of his power."

Uzziel's smile vanishes. She flashes a look of agitation at Raphael. "What? This child is...?"

"Aye," Raphael says with a nod. "This human possesses all of Hercules's powers. Jepthath is one of Hercules's thralls, one who managed to escape during the battle against the Balrog six years ago. He's come to deliberate with us on a great many things."

Slowly, Uzziel nods. She returns her gaze to Jepthath, but her expression turns frosty. "I see. Do not let me keep thee waiting, then, _Titanspawn._"

With a flippant series of gestures, Uzziel summons a small wooden building to the east, half a mile away from the stone platform. She bristles at Jepthath and pauses to waggle her finger at him. "Do not think I have forgotten what thy master did to me. He attempted to seize control of Michael and me, and nearly rent Heaven in two. If thou dost make such an aggressive move against anyone here-"

"Worry not," Jepthath says, interrupting Uzziel. "I know full well what power you can unleash. I'm not here to fight."

His reply catches the Archangel off-guard. Uzziel eyeballs him for a moment before turning around and flying away. "Farewell, then."

...

A minute later, Jepthath, Camael, and Raphael step inside Uzziel's summoned building. Little more than an ugly square box, it lacks any furnishings or decorations, but does possess a series of slits on its walls, allowing traces of Heaven's Light to slip inside and illuminate its interior.

Raphael and Camael walk over and settle on the floor while assuming cross-legged stances. Jepthath takes a seat opposite them and mirrors their postures.

"Alright, Titanspawn," Raphael says, his voice even. "State thy intentions and terms."

Jepthath nods. "I came here in the hopes of acquiring a few thousand angel warriors for the sake of reconnaissance and surveillance. Locating the demon dens is my highest priority, after all. However, now that I know the pitiful state of your military, that request is off the table."

"Indeed," Camael replies. "Having performed a divination earlier, I could not help but note that thy future is in a much higher state of flux than other beings. Thy destiny appears to have a strong relationship with the fate of the Earth, though the ramifications of thy actions will not be fully comprehensible for several centuries."

"What do you mean?" Jepthath asks, his tone suspicious. "What does my future have to do with our meeting?"

"Everything," Camael replies. "Helping thee could be a tremendous boon for our people. It could also lead to our doom. I am not opposed to assisting humans in their quest to wipe out demonkind, but given thy upbringing and he who begat thy powers, trusting thy intentions is... difficult."

"I agree," Raphael says. "The underlying threat beneath thy words makes any promises thou might offer ring hollow. How can we trust thee, when thou standeth here with ill intent riding thy coattails? Hercules betrayed us. We nearly went extinct as a result of his actions. If thou turneth against us, even if we should kill thee, thy power will transfer to another human. Thy specter will continue fighting us forever and ever."

"That's right," Jepthath says. His eyes turn cold. "Kill me, and another will take my place. I did not come here to sit around and exchange pleasantries, Archangel of Wisdom. I came because I have a war to win. If you can't give me troops, then you will have to supply something else. Something of equal or greater value."

Jepthath leans forward. His voice takes on a menacing tone. "You don't have a choice. Without me, your people die. Anger me, and your people die. This point is not up for debate."

Camael glowers at Jepthath. "If not military might, what can we possibly offer thee? Out with it! I haven't any interest in thy snake-like tongue. Tell us what thou desireth and be on thy way."

Jepthath raises an eyebrow. "Isn't that obvious? I expected the Archangel of Divination to understand my meaning without any issues. I want artifacts, Camael. Divine artifacts."

Camael's jaw drops.

"What? No... no! I won't- I won't give anyone but my brothers and sisters objects possessing the Creator's power. How dare thou presumeth upon my magnanimity!"

"Hmph. As I said, you haven't any choice in the matter," Jepthath replies. "I can crush the angels over the next thousand years, if I so please. If you don't give me what I want, and humanity falls to the demons, the fate which will befall you will be a million times worse. Besides, my needs are not excessive. I require only a few artifacts, and I will provide the mana necessary for you to craft them. A generous offer, wouldn't you agree?"

Before Camael can reply, Raphael butts in. "Aye, thy offer is indeed generous. Am I correct in assuming thy empowered warriors can regenerate their mana each night, as do the unascended plainsman?"

"We can, and we do," Jepthath replies neutrally. "Why? Do you wish to bargain?"

Raphael rubs his chin. "After the battle which ravaged Heaven, my people are in dire need of mana. I cannot condone the usage of soul manipulation, but given the stakes, I will keep my lips sealed for now. However, if thou dost wish to receive Camael's divine artifacts, I will only permit thy transfer on the basis of equal trade."

"Haha, I see," Jepthath chuckles. "Let me guess. As I empower more and more humans, you will supply me with any artifacts I need, but on the condition that humans always donate their excess energy each night. Hm? Is that about right?"

Raphael's eyes flash with the light of insight. "Thou dost possess Hercules's cunning. I see now why the lad bestowed his powers upon thee."

"Don't flatter me, Raphael. I am only here on business."

Jepthath strokes his chin thoughtfully.

"Considering our situation, empowering thy people is of some benefit to me. Hercules's abilities require little mana to function. By the end of each day, my men will have barely used a fraction of their reserves. Donating what remains to the angels will cost me little while providing significant gains for both of us."

Camael glances at Raphael. "Brother! My artifacts are not mere trinkets and baubles to be tossed from child to child! 'Tis only by the Creator's power than I am capable of creating such fearsome-"

"Now, now, sister," Raphael says, keeping his voice low. "The times are changing, as is the world around us. We've no reason to rest on our laurels. The human is offering us a chance to revive our society while crippling, if not outright destroying our enemies. I believe we can reach a satisfactory agreement, given the proper exchange of resources and goods."

"But-!"

Raphael clears his throat. "Ahem. Jepthath, woulds't thou be so kind as to allow me a moment with my sister. I will convince her to agree to thy terms."

Jepthath frowns.

"...Certainly. I will step outside for a few minutes."

Despite his words, Jepthath's tone seems surprisingly cautious. He evaluates the Archangel of Wisdom with more than a hint of suspicion. However, he still rises to his feet, steps outside, and closes the door behind himself.

Minutes pass.

Jepthath's inner voice plays over the vision.

_As I awaited the Archangel's verdict, worries crept up from deep within my heart. I had only received scattered images of the war my Master witnessed in Heaven, but amongst those images, a recurring theme always played out in his head._

"Never trust the angels."

_Hercules' repeated that mantra several times as the battles raged. Even after his voice faded and he passed on to the Great Beyond, I never forgot that message._

_The Archangels deliberated in secret, sending pangs of worry up my spine. Right as I began considering whether I should press my ear against the door to listen in on their conversation, it swung open to reveal Raphael's hunched-over figure._

"We've finished deliberating," Raphael says. "Come in."

Jepthath quietly releases a breath he'd been holding. He follows after Raphael, shuts the door, and sits down before the brother and sister. Immediately, he notices Camael's sullen expression, as well as her ashen skin.

"What did you decide?" Jepthath asks.

Camael fidgets uncomfortably. "I do not enjoy the idea of granting anyone but an angel my artifacts. However, my brother has convinced me to make this sacrifice for the sake of my people. I will craft what thou dost require."

Jepthath nods sagely. "I see. Is that all, then? I can't help but feel suspicious at your change of heart. What did Raphael say to convince you to my side?"

Camael sighs.

"I... I have always prided myself on my virtuousness and morality. Never once have I compromised in the face of evil. However, after losing so many brothers and sisters to the demons, I realize now that I erred in my judgment. Sometimes, one cannot adhere to the past, lest it causes their future to crumble."

"Mmm. Well-spoken. Well-spoken, indeed..." Jepthath mutters.

_Gazing upon the disheartened Archangel of Divination, for some reason, I felt no joy in my victory. It seemed to me that I had willingly stepped into a trap, one which had yet to spring. However, no matter how I pondered and questioned the Archangel's behavior, I could not determine anything Raphael had done that might endanger me or my goals._

Raphael smiles. "Thy mentor, Hercules, was his own man, as thou art thine. I was wrong to evaluate thee with the same lens I did the son of Zeus. I look forward to collaborating with thee in the coming years, Jepthath."

Jepthath nods. "As do I, Archangel of Wisdom. Thank you for coming around to my way of thinking."

Raphael's eyes twinkle with a strange, eerie luster.

"Aye. We both have much to gain from this arrangement. So very, very much, indeed."

_The Archangel's tone only increased my suspicions. Sadly, many years would pass before I finally comprehended the depths of his schemes._