Part 455: Chaos Control
Part 455: Chaos Control

Demila leaps off the floor. She pounces at Gressil and conjures a terrifying amount of psionic energy into her fist before lunging it straight at his laughing face.

The instant before her attack connects, the psionic energy in her body goes berserk!

All the condensed energy enveloping her fist violently explodes with the force of a hundred grenades, blasting her arm off and instantly reversing her momentum. She mentally shrieks as she rockets backward and slams against the wall. At the same time, the blast 'kills' Gressil, sending his body flying away. He, too, collapses into his own shadow, ragdolling to the ground like a giant sack of potatoes. His sorry, shredded figure might give one the impression he had actually died, but only if they hadn't already seen him miraculously return to life only a minute before.

Despite suffering a terrible backlash from her own psionic energy and atomizing one of her arms, Demila easily picks herself back up. She flickers to her feet and scowls at her missing arm.

[This is not supposed to happen! How are you causing my psionic energy to backfire, mud-dweller?!]

Without waiting for a reply, Demila concentrates her thoughts on the elbow joint where the second half of her arm used to be. By focusing her power, she rapidly regenerates her former limb into reality, making it regrow within only seconds in a manner somewhat similar to Beelzebub's regeneration!

Gressil steps out of the Nothingness on the opposite side of Demila's crater.

"You think I am causing you to fail. But that is not true. Haha. You are already a failure of a Psion, Demila. Your own people mock you. You don't need to blame me for your inability."

Benjamin Brown keeps his distance. He watches from the side, waiting for a chance to strike while clutching his injured stomach. He focuses on cycling his medical nanites to speed up the healing process. This cuts his required recuperation time by half, so long as he doesn't have to directly engage in combat.

"Fuck. What the hell is going on with Demila?" Benjamin growls. "That dumb psionic bitch will kill me with friendly fire if I jump in now! Weren't we supposed to work together? Is Gressil suppressing her powers?!"

Buddha steals over to Benjamin's side. They watch as Demila trades even more frightening, primally enchanted attacks with Gressil.

"The Envoy of Chaos is unable to suppress psionic energy. His aura only works on those with magical affinities. However, psionic energy is formed and shaped by the thoughts and mental state of its wielder. Chaos energy _can_ influence the minds of others. Demila must have some deep-seated insecurities for her to be this easily affected by Gressil's machinations..."

Demila flickers from side to side. She teleports toward Gressil and fires a beam of psionic energy from her forehead.

_THOOM!!_

It tears straight through Gressil's figure and blasts a massive hole in the Labyrinth, opening up a trench five miles long! Any creatures in the path of the beam vanish from existence, instantly vaporized by the terrifying power contained in the Creator's attack!

[How _dare_ you look down upon me.] Demila seethes. [The only reason you're still alive is because of your overreliance on tricks. I am ten thousand times stronger than you will ever hope to be!]

"Listen to you." Gressil says, his mocking voice floating toward Demila from every direction. "You're so proud of your strength. But do you truly feel any pride? All Psions of the seventh level are mighty when compared to us lowly mud-dwellers. But how do you stack up to your contemporaries, hmm?"

Gressil doesn't immediately reappear. Demila sweeps her senses around the area, but fails to locate his position.

[Reveal yourself!]

"Truly pathetic." Gressil continues. "You're an outmoded relic. The weakest of the 7th Level Psions. I wonder how it feels, seeing a young upstart like Vulpanix crush all your records and smother your face into the dirt. You have to speak so politely to her. She's the Founder's Favorite. And as for you, you're nothing but an old, forgotten wastrel, useful only as an expendable pawn. It's _so_ tragic."

Gressil materializes behind Demila. She spins to face him, immediately sensing his presence.

[Your words are poison.] Demila says. [My Founders value me! I am not worthless!]

"Aren't you?" Gressil asks, curling the corners of his mouth upward. "When the Plague comes, who do you think they will place their hopes and dreams upon? Whose shoulders will they deem fit to bear the fate of the future Volgrim Empire? You? Vulpanix? I think we both know the answer."

Demila glowers at him in hatred. But even so, her body refuses to move. Something about his words burrows into her ears, making her chest spasm unexpectedly.

"What do you think, Demila?" Gressil asks. "When the Plague reaches Volgarius, how long will your leaders wait before sending you to die at the frontlines? A day? A week? A month? Perhaps it won't even take them a single hour. They may have even already drafted the plans for your 'noble sacrifice...'"

[I am PROUD to serve my Empire!] Demila protests. [Unlike you, a free-wheeling monster who does as he pleases, I have a sense of duty! I have my pride, my honor!]

"Conceptual trappings placed upon your mind by your superiors. Invisible shackles designed to weaken you over time." Gressil says, ever so softly. "But... if you were truly intelligent, you would know that there is a way out. You don't have to be limited by your current form. There are still ways for you to... progress your Psionic Seed."

Demila's heart skips a beat. For the briefest moment, she feels, deep inside her soul, a pang of desire.

But she quickly shakes that feeling away.

[An insect cannot uplift a god! You are too dangerous to be left alive, worm! Your words are insidious, like paralytic poison injected into the spine! DIE!]

She flickers toward Gressil and bashes his skull in, killing him on the spot. A brief moment later, Gressil reappears. So she jumps to his new body and kills him before he can speak a word.

Over and over, Demila plays whack-a-mole with the seemingly unkillable monster toying with her thoughts. Unable to properly speak due to her killing him too quickly, Gressil returns to doing so through his projections.

"Your attacks are weakening. I can already feel that your willpower has begun to fade. You know that I'm telling the truth, Demila. If you would only join me, I could grant you strength beyond your wildest dreams... becoming an 8th Level Psion would become as simple as breathing to you. And as for becoming a 9th Level Psion... that would also not be outside your reach..."

[YOU LIE!] Demila shrieks. [If it were that simple, you could have uplifted any other Psion! You're trying to destabilize my mental state! I will not fall for your tricks any longer!]

For a brief moment, Gressil doesn't answer.

Then, he rematerializes inside the chamber once again.

As before, Demila instantly locks onto his position.

[Manipulating your temporal coordinates requires a tremendous amount of internal energy!] Demila proclaims. [I don't doubt that if I kill you enough times, you'll ultimately lose this battle!]

She flickers toward Gressil. She raises her fist once again, and flings it at his head, like she's already done dozens of time before.

But this time...

Gressil's arm snaps upward!

He catches her fist!

In the briefest of instants, Demila's supercharged brain follows the motion, becoming jolted with confusion.

Then Gressil wrenches his grip on her fist, spinning her body around to slam her against the wall!

[Ugh!]

Demila grunts slightly, less injured physically, and more shocked by his sudden boost of strength.

"You truly think you are the sky above the sky." Gressil sneers. "Let me show you how _wrong_ you are."

Demila tries to lunge at him, but as if having become an expert in one thousand forms of hand-to-hand combat, Gressil deflects her other fist without releasing his grasp on her right fist. Horrifyingly, it turns out that having four arms to wield grants him a much wider array of melee capabilities, which he immediately uses on the Psion before him.

Gressil anchors both of Demila's arms. Before she can bombard him with psionic attacks from her mind, Gressil rockets a fist at her head, and another at her stomach.

_Bang! Thunk! Thunk! CRACK!_

Gressil beats Demila like a hammer of god. He smashes her face from side to side, making her reel. He hits her stomach and knocks some of the wind out of her, then he strikes her ribcage.

[ENOUGH!!] Demila roars, releasing a blast wave of energy from her entire body. She launches Gressil away forcibly, exhausting a portion of her psionic reserves to finally break free of his grip. Luckily, even after taking a hammering, Demila's unthinkably powerful body hasn't taken much damage.

Despite getting blown away, this time, Gressil doesn't perish on impact. He climbs out of the rubble, unharmed, and dusts his shoulders off.

"How was that, Psion? For a brief moment, a mere mud-dweller held you down. It seems you really aren't as strong as you imagine. Confessor Vulpanix would surely put up more of a fight than you."

"Demila!" Benjamin suddenly shouts. "I don't know what the hell is going on, but you can't let yourself listen to this monster! He's trying to weaken your mind! You have to work with me so we can defeat him!"

Demila glances at the Vanguard. She starts to reply, but before she can speak, Gressil does instead.

"Oh, _yes_. Good point, Benjamin Brown. Haha. If the two of you team up, you'll surely be able to defeat me. Alone, Demila hasn't a chance, but with the help of such a _powerful_ human like you, she'll actually pose a threat to me. It's just too bad she needs to borrow the help of a mud-dweller to defeat someone as _weak_ and _insignificant_ as me. She truly has fallen into the abyss."

Demila's heart turns cold. [You keep out of this fight, human! I will crush this Emperor myself! I don't need your help! You will only get in my way!]

"Goddammit!" Benjamin exclaims. "Don't you see he's manipulating you? You're dancing along to Gressil's every word! Just set your pride aside so we can actually beat-"

[I TOLD YOU TO BE QUIET!] Demila roars, the power of her psionic voice rumbling Benjamin's mind. The Vanguard staggers backward while blood pours from his ears. [This is MY fight! Stay out of it!]

"Nnngh!" Benjamin groans. "God... damned... woman... shit, my head!"

He reluctantly pulls back, realizing he hasn't a chance of convincing her to let him fight. Frustrated, he begins to even wonder why he wasted his time coming here.

Ben blinks his eyes and heals the damage to his ear canals. He looks at Buddha with annoyance. "What was even the point of stringing me along? That damn alien won't listen to reason."

"Wait for an opportunity to strike." Buddha says. "I am still the Master of Combat. I will assist you when the time is right. And don't let your guard down. Gressil could attack us at any moment."

As the two men form a plan, Gressil and Demila return to fighting. Demila savagely attacks Gressil with all her strength, but unlike at the start of the battle, she no longer manages to easily 'kill' Gressil or his fake bodies through overwhelming power. Instead, as if having experienced an unseen baptism, Gressil becomes capable of fighting nearly on par with the Psion.

Demila strikes Gressil's face. In return, she eats a counter-punch straight to her nose, snapping her head back. She fires a bolt of lightning at him, but he flickers to the side, dodging it.

Frustrated, Demila narrows her eyes. [I tire of this.]

She motions with her hands and begins conjuring a powerful web of psionic energy...

A moment later, Demila's hands dart to the right and left. She fires small bolts of power to the ground, where they land and remain in place, creating glowing orbs of light.

Unsure what Demila is doing, Benjamin Brown watches with a knitted brow. He frowns deeply as those orbs of light begin to quiver and shake.

_SPLAT!_

They burst open like eggs, revealing a series of strange, tentacled horrors. Like monsters from far beyond the Void, these ominous creatures resemble ten and twenty and thirty-limbed octopods, their beaked maws opening and closing to release soundless cries.

Even Gressil no longer appears as confident as before.

"Finally, you're putting that title of Creator to some use."

[You should feel honored.] Demila says quietly. [Since my ascension to the 7th Level, I have never once unleashed this technique on another living being. For six hundred thousand cycles, I have kept it quietly stored away. It is my greatest trump card. For you to die to my Creations, it is proof that I have acknowledged you as a threat. You are no ordinary mud-dweller. Your power comes from... elsewhere.]

Gressil snorts. "Is that what you believe? That it's impossible for me to stand up to you unless some dark god has empowered me? You think too highly of yourself. The truth is, you're simply not as strong as you've pretended. Your façade is meaningless before the power of Chaos."

Demila balls her hands into fists. Wordlessly, she commands her Psionic Creations to rush at Gressil and attack him from all directions. As they do, her thoughts turn dark. She briefly lowers her eyes, contemplating the Truths contained within Gressil's words.

_I am... weak._ Demila thinks. _I have stagnated. I can no longer progress on my Path. I believed that I had made peace with my lack of progression... but this damnable fellow's words have made me realize... I am not content with my mediocrity. Toward him, I feel absolute hatred. Disgust. And also... deep guilt._

Demila's constructs levitate into the air. They surround Gressil and attack him from all directions. Even he needs to dodge their attacks, as each one is only individually a little less powerful than Demila, but all combined their strength rises ten levels above hers.

The Creations' psionic tentacles lash at Gressil to try and tear him apart. He teleports from side to side, up and down, avoiding their attacks. Countless lashes that would have burst his frame into a bloody pulp instead strike the Labyrinth, sending violent shockwaves in all directions. Ten miles away, demons walking down a hallway end up thrown off their feet by the aftershocks. As for those within a mile of the battle's radius, they ultimately perish due to the invisible mindbursts that strike their brains.

Gressil doesn't counter-attack Demila's creations. He only avoids her eldritch horrors while keeping on his toes.

Demila focuses her mind. She struggles to coordinate all of her Creations' individual actions, manipulating them like an army to focus on Gressil's continuously shifting position. However, frustratingly, the Emperor of Chaos always dances tantalizingly out of reach, his existence too difficult for even her senses to track.

_Damn him!_ Demila thinks. _He's only one Demon! Even Satan could not have lasted this long! How am I unable to finish off one single mud-dweller?! Have I truly lost my edge?!_

A voice speaks from behind Demila.

"Indeed, you have."

[WHAT?!]

Demila nearly jumps out of her skin. She whirls around just in time to see Gressil's clawed fingers swiping at her face.

_RIIIIP!_

Gressil slashes at Demila's eyes and nose, cutting five deep gashes from the top of her head all the way down to her chin. The sudden shock of his attack scares the absolute crap out of her and makes her lose her composure.

_BOOM!!_

All of Demila's Creation's self-destruct, falling apart due to her complete lapse in concentration.

Gressil lifts two of his fists overhead. He swings them down like sledgehammers, aiming for the top of his opponent's skull.

_THUNK!_

He batters Demila downward, knocking her into the Labyrinth floor. She slams into the ground face-first, breaking one of her legs during the impact. Demila lays there for an instant, stunned and wracked with pain.

Then Gressil teleports on top of her back and wraps his hands around her throat.

"Those Creations of yours are only good for bullying the weak. An admirable goal, and one I certainly respect, but further evidence of your weakness. For too long, you've lived a useless, opulent life at the top of the hierarchy. You've forgotten what it means to fight an equal in a life or death battle."

Demila tries to shove off the floor, but another brutal punch strikes the back of her head, slamming her face into the ground.

[Kahh!]

She tries to get up again, to teleport away, to do anything. But the psionic energy in her body fails to obey her commands!

_CRACK!_

Gressil delivers another bone-breaking punch to the base of her skull, right where her spinal cord meets her shoulders. The impact of this punch makes Demila's entire body spasm.

[Aaah! Aaah! RELEASE-]

_THUNK!_

One more punch batters her skull, rattles her brain, and disorients her thoughts.

Demila's vision wavers. She loses consciousness for a moment, while Gressil squeezes her throat.

"It's been so long." The Emperor of Chaos whispers. "Breaking a strong woman's spirit... listening to her cries of pain, her pleading and begging for mercy... it's my favorite way to pass the time. Have you finally realized yet, Psion? Your body is not strong. It is only granted strength because of your psionic powers. And those powers only function when your mental state is unassailable. But too bad for you, you are merely a weak, pathetic woman before me. I know what you fear. I know how to _break_ you. And now, you lack any ability to resist."

Demila groggily tries to move, but another punch slams into the back of her head, driving her face into the Labyrinth's floor. This time, she completely collapses, unable to move.

Gressil stands above his new prize, relishing the moment.

"Hehehe. You Volgrim are all so haughty. So used to attaining success effortlessly. But that is your greatest weakness. That is why you will ultimately help me trigger the Great Shattering. You lack the self-introspection required to-"

"HEY! Bastard!"

A voice yells from behind Gressil, making him frown. The Emperor of Chaos turns his head to see Benjamin Brown standing alongside Buddha. The two of them assume battle-stances, ready for a fight.

"Do you _mind_?" Gressil asks. "I was trying to give a humiliating speech to my defeated foe. It's one of the things I enjoy doing most..."

He pauses.

"Besides. You might be a Vanguard, and perhaps you were once even the Strongest Human... but you're no match for me."

The corners of Benjamin's mouth twitch uneasily.

"Perhaps not. But I won't know unless I try. And I'm eager to put you down for good."

"Your evil ways must end today, Gressil." Buddha says through his T-REX's transmitter. "Chaos has grown without restraint for far too long. It's time to return the Balance to how it should be."

Gressil stares at the two humans for several seconds. Then, he casually releases his grip on Demila's defeated form. He stands up and turns to face the two puny, pathetic insects who dare to face him alone.

"Oh, Benjamin. After I kill you, I'll be sure to take hold of that pretty little daughter of yours. She can replace some of the toys I've lost in recent years. I'll treat her just like I did my precious _Birdie._"

"You'll never leave this place alive." Benjamin retorts. "That, I _promise_."