Part 691: The Burning Deity
Part 691: The Burning Deity

_Far-Future Era. Noon, Day 20, AJR. Melodia._

The midday sunlight shone down on the planet of Sharmur. Humans, demons, and monsters alike were working hard to continue building up humanity's capital city. Already, the four quadrants of the city had started to take on relatively defined styles of architecture.

Humans tended to live in the north quadrant, above the river. This also happened to be the biggest area, though the western mountain range somewhat cut into the north.

Monsters lived west of the river. They were closest to the western mountains, and many goblins had opted to burrow inside, creating fortified living spaces for themselves.

To the south was a great forest, part of which circled around to the west. Demons lived there, in tree-houses they built using their powers. While demons typically preferred to live in architecture similar to the humans, the ones who aligned with humanity decided to get back in touch with Mother Nature.

Finally, to the east was Melodia's ocean, though a lightly wooded section of the forest cut between Melodia and the great waters. The east was also the quadrant where humans, demons, and monsters intermingled. Melodia's military headquarters had been built at the center of the eastern quadrant, right next to the river.

It was in the eastern section where a funeral procession was being held. A solemn and sad atmosphere pervaded, as nearly all of humanity's top movers and shakers had come. General Chadwick had left Pixiv to visit, and Belial had brought Cassiel and Soleil along as well. Demon Deity Melody sat in the row second from the front, accompanying Belial.

The frontmost row had the unfortunate wife of the deceased. Kiari sat in a chair, her expression stony, her eyes puffy and swollen from crying. Beside her sat Beelzebub, his expression solemn.

There was a podium placed at the front of several hundred seats. Behind it rested Saul's empty coffin; a stark reminder that his body had not been recovered. Despite searching the Hall of Heroes, questioning Chrona, and even looking throughout the Phoenix's realm, Sharmur, and Pixiv, Saul was nowhere to be found. He had indeed been left behind on Tarus II, and his body had been lost along with so many others.

At the funeral podium, a woman stood with a somber expression. She was humanity's current leader, Linda Adams.

"Saul was a close friend of Neil's, and I know my husband would have been devastated to see him pass. I didn't know Saul as well as I would have liked, but the few times we spoke, I experienced his extraordinary bearing. Like many, Saul was a victim of the machinations of our enemies. Saul was a lover, not a fighter. He kept to himself and lived on the outskirts of society, tending to his garden. He was a good man."

"Saul and my husband had a lot of similarities." Linda continued. "They were both ensnared by Bahamut, albeit for differing reasons. When Jason Hiro released them from their eon of hallucinations, Saul and Neil went different ways. Neil sought revenge, while Saul wished to enjoy peace. I cannot say which one took the more correct path, but I respected both."

"Saul will be missed." Linda concluded. "He leaves behind a wife and child. Like Kiari, I am with child, as are many others. I hope that we as a community can come together to raise the children of so many widowed men and women. Now is the time for us to unite and raise our progeny in a manner that is both forthright and steadfast. Only united can we face our future threats."

Linda tilted her head slightly. She stepped off the podium, allowing the next person to walk up. This turned out to be Beelzebub, who had been asked to speak by Kiari herself. He had been sitting beside Kiari, but eventually stood up and touched her shoulder before walking up to the podium. After taking a moment to collect himself, Beelzebub cleared his throat.

"I am not a good man. I have not been a good man." Beelzebub began. "I have committed atrocities in my life, as have many other demons. Even so, not long after I devastated Tarus II by immolating my body, I awoke to find myself an ordinary human stripped of my power. Through a series of events, I ended up staying with Saul and Kiari for a while."

"They treated me well. Better than I deserved." Beelzebub said somberly, as Kiari dabbed at her puffy red eyes with a handkerchief. "Saul in particular offered me choice words of wisdom on two different occasions. He made me rethink my life choices. He made me realize that I had been living a lie, and that I was being dishonest with myself. His compassion changed me into the demon I am today. While I still have a long way to go, I am proud to have called him my friend."

"Saul." Beelzebub said, looking up at the sky. "You will be missed."

A moment of silence followed. Beelzebub walked back over and sat beside Kiari again. More people spoke words of remembrance at the podium, numbering two dozen in total. Even Belial gave a short speech.

An hour later, the funeral ended. People came up to Kiari and gave their condolences. Countless people had been MIA, and Saul was ultimately just one of them. But his status as the husband of one of humanity's allied Demon Emperors meant that even people who didn't know him felt the need to at least voice a few words of sympathy.

Eventually, the crowd dissipated. People left, returning to their work in building up the city of Melodia.

Only a dozen or so people remained.

Among them were the demons Kiari, Beelzebub, Belial, and Melody.

Cassiel was there, along with Soleil, albeit in their human disguises of Cammy and Serra. The people who remained behind knew of Cassiel's identity, but none spoke of it. They treated her as an ordinary human, always worrying the demons might find out who she was.

Linda and Debra were also present, along with Chadwick, Henry Cliff, Ashley McCarthy, and even the Minotaur, Yamir Goldenhorn.

"Kiari. How are you holding up?" Chadwick asked.

Kiari stiffened. "I... I'm still... in disbelief. I keep expecting Saul to... to walk through the door. I can't believe he's really dead."

"I feel the same way." Linda said softly. "I always expect to enter my office and see Neil sitting at the desk. He's never there. Unlike you, I at least know for certain that he died. The uncertainty must be the hardest part."

"It is." Kiari admitted quietly.

Belial rubbed Kiari's back reassuringly. "If you ever need anyone to talk to... well, I lost my husband too. I'm always here for you."

"Yeah... thanks..." Kiari muttered. "I'm going to go now. Everyone... thank you for coming. It means so much to me. I'm sure Saul would have..."

She trailed off, not finishing her sentence. Everyone knew what she wanted to say, so it was fine to leave the words unspoken.

After a few more perfunctory words of thanks, Kiari shuffled off, along with Beelzebub. Once the two of them left, the somber atmosphere remained.

"Every day is worse than the last." Linda muttered. "The confirmed death toll so far has been cataclysmic. Families ripped apart, separated between Realspace, the Hall of Heroes, and even the Cube."

Melody crossed her arms. "The situation with the Volgrim isn't great, either. The Dolgrimites have strong-armed the First Founder into becoming a figurehead, and that was just today. They're still shaking the Demon Deities down in a sort of protection racket. They want all of us to bow our heads to Dolgris."

"And if you don't?" Chadwick asked.

"Then they won't offer our worlds any protection. They'll let us die to the Plague. What they want is absolute control over the Milky Way." Melody replied.

"Is this bad news for us?" Yamir asked, crossing his muscled arms.

"Well, it's actually sort of good news." Melody answered. "The Demon Deities are wary of the Volgrim. Even though the Volgrim have lost the overwhelming majority of their Psion fighting force, the Dolgrimites are extremely fearsome. None of the Deities know how the Dolgrimites, as mere mortals, are able to thrash the seemingly invincible Plagueborn. Thus, the Demon Deities are secretly hoping humanity will come up with a countermeasure of our own to push back the Plague."

"Despicable scumbags." Chadwick hissed through his teeth. "They attack us, brutalize us, rape and torture us, and now they expect us to become their saviors? Whatever countermeasures we come up with should be ours and ours alone."

"That's assuming we come up with any at all." Linda pointed out. "I don't know about you, but I haven't heard of anyone working on a countermeasure to the Plague. If we haven't even started, we'll never succeed."

"Don't be so certain!" Belial exclaimed, startling the others. "I know the situation seems dire, what with Jason, Hope, and Phoebe all being dead. But have you people forgotten?! Fiona is alive and well, inside a time-accelerated realm. Every day we hold on, another year passes for her. She's inventive, resourceful, and smart as hell. She'll definitely come up with a solution to the Plague."

"Don't count out the Hall of Heroes." Henry said, jumping into the conversation with both feet. "Solomon might be dead, but we have many powerful ancient Heroes at work trying to solve the same problem. Hope's kids, especially Mandy, have serious potential to disrupt the galactic balance of power. Mandy has been experimenting with Rune Words to try and eradicate the infection that turns Plaguehosts into faceless monsters."

"Any success?" Melody asked.

"...Not as of yet." Henry admitted. "But all it takes is one lucky breakthrough. If the Dolgrimites can uncover the Plague's weakness, humanity can as well."

A moment passed. Cassiel decided to speak up, which surprised everyone. She usually stayed quiet so as to not blow her cover, shaky though it might be.

"Didn't Jason cure the Flaw? Why have no humans become Heroes yet?"

Linda blinked. She looked at Cassiel thoughtfully.

"A good question. I'm not sure. Perhaps repairing the Flaw wasn't enough? Maybe we're all too old and it will only affect our children, years from now?"

"Plausible..." Belial said quietly. "We don't have any way to know. For now, increasing the Legion's size is probably our best bet."

"The more people who become Legion, the more our collective base of knowledge improves." Henry added. As the foremost Legion representative, he was always eager to advertise its benefits. "We're not just fighters, you know. We have scientists and inventors among our ranks. We're even trying to bring a few Heroic Ancestors into the fold. With Solomon dead, we need all the help we can get."

Despite his excitement, Henry's pitch didn't move the hearts of anyone present. The Legion was looked upon favorably for the strength of its members, but everyone who wanted to join its hivemind already had. Anyone who hadn't joined yet were unlikely to do so in the near future.

Despite being called 'Legion', it only had around 3,000 soldiers. Each member was strong, but the quality of its soldiers varied widely. Henry was the strongest, and he was able to contend with Demon Emperors. None of the others were in his league. That indicated further additions to the Legion would likely only be in the range of Demon Lord strength. Not worth it for the price of giving up one's entire private life, as far as most humans were concerned.

"I don't see that happening." Linda said to Belial, after noting the muted response to Henry's plea. "Humans are strong because we embrace technology and magic equally and without bias. I would like to focus on empowering Samantha, Kiari, and our other high-level assets with technology rather than moderately uplifting the strength of our weakest assets. A thousand ants cannot bring down an elephant."

"If our enemies were only the Plaguehosts, that would be true." Chadwick countered. "But humanity must beware the Volgrim and Demons just as much."

The small group continued to talk for a while longer, but they didn't come to much of a consensus. Eventually, they dispersed and went their separate ways.

As Belial left, Cassiel and Soleil jogged over to her side.

"Hey." Cassiel said with a small smile. "Um, can we do more training? That funeral left me feeling... restless."

Belial nodded. "I suppose."

The trio started walking toward the northern side of Melodia. They crossed one of its central river bridges and made their way up to the woodlands. There they entered a makeshift arena hidden in the forest that Belial and Cassiel had carved with their magical abilities.

Cassiel looked around. She confirmed there weren't any demons or other Sentients in the area, then she deactivated the Heaven's Shroud. Her true angelic form emerged, a halo above her white hair, her wings spilling out behind her back.

Belial looked at her, then quickly looked away.

"Is something wrong?" Cassiel asked.

Belial hesitated. "It's just... for a second there, I was a little struck by your..."

She trailed off.

"My what?" Cassiel asked.

Belial shook her head. "Nothing. It's nothing. Let's get to training. You've been improving a lot over the last two weeks, but you're still a long way from beating me."

Cassiel nodded. She focused her mind, then rapidly conjured a set of powerful divine armor around herself, completely hiding her body within its confines. After donning this armor, she stood nearly seven feel tall and towered over Belial. She wielded a heavy great-mace in her right hand, and a tower shield in her left.

Soleil stood at the edge of the arena, not watching Cassiel, but instead monitoring the area. She was always aware and fearful of the idea Gressil could suddenly attack. Having fought Belial a couple of times, Soleil had confirmed her physical body was on par with a Demon Emperor. She could absolutely beat Gressil if he showed his face, which was likely why he hadn't.

The Black Hole Construct was Cassiel's protector, assigned to her by the fallen Jason Hiro. She took her duties seriously. With Cassiel spending more time with Belial over the last couple of weeks, Soleil had felt that her friendship with her master had taken a hit. She and Cassiel simply didn't talk as much anymore, and not as closely when they did. Cassiel's trauma had noticeably faded, replaced instead with a hunger and resolve to become stronger.

Cassiel's ultimate goal was apparent. She wanted to become strong enough to take revenge on her tormentor with her own hands. No matter the price, she wanted to flay Gressil's skin from his body, piece by piece.

Thus, she was only relying on Soleil in the present, while she still needed to. Cassiel was not happy with her own weakness, but she had to make do with the resources at her disposal.

"Begin!" Belial shouted as she lunged at Cassiel.

---

_The world of Numaria._

Yardrat's Astral Body stepped through one of his portals into a treehouse high in the woodlands of Numaria. He arrived inside Demon Deity Auger's palace, then immediately took a knee while bowing his head.

"Master, I have returned. The Dolgrimite delegates were persistent."

Auger stepped out of a nearby room where he had been freshening up. The wise old male demon smiled at his subordinate.

"Dangerous, these zealot types are. We can continue delaying them for a time, but eventually, they will demand an answer. They know our delays are intentional, and we know they know, but still we must maintain the facade. They intend to crush our morale when the humans fail to come up with a counter-measure against the Plague."

"Master, we already had a counter-measure." Yardrat said, lifting his head to look up at Yardrat. "Diablo. If one of us could rise to defeat the Plague, could not another?"

Auger sighed. "If Diablo had joined with me, I could have gained access to the power of the so-called Archdemon. Then his death would not have affected us materially. I would have passed his ability on to another before he perished, be they you or someone else. But do not forget, Yardrat, that it was the empowered Plague which defeated the Archdemon. Perhaps the Archdemon's power was only effective against the Plague's former, weaker iteration."

A few moments passed. Yardrat stood up, then looked off into the distance while chewing his lower lip.

"It occurs to me that we do not necessarily need to 'defeat' the Plague, master. We need only make it disappear. Perhaps by using my portals, we could send the Kolvaxors far, far away. To another galaxy, even. With their strongest entities gone, the Plague would not be able to press the attack so easily."

"Can your portals reach that far?" Auger asked pointedly.

Another several seconds passed. Yardrat knotted his brow and concentrated, sending out his Cosmic power to the edge of the Milky Way. He gave up not long afterward.

"...No. The Akashic Barrier limits me. If it were that easy, other entities with powers similar to mine could have- huh?"

At the same time, Yardrat and Auger suddenly lifted their heads. They looked up toward the ceiling, not actually looking at it, but gazing through its physical form as if it didn't exist.

"A Cosmic Signature entering the Numaria system?" Auger exclaimed. "We're not expecting guests! And this speed... who could it be?"

"It's heading straight for our world, master!" Yardrat replied. "I shall intercept."

"No, don't." Auger said. "You are but a Low Cosmic, tethered to Yardris. Your power is limited while off-world. I must be the one to investigate this newcomer's intentions!"

Auger waved his hand, and a hole opened in the ceiling. An instant later, he rocketed upward, traveling into Numaria's upper atmosphere within just a few seconds. His speed was ludicrous. He caused a sonic boom due to his excessive speed.

But the approaching entity made his heart turn cold.

"Impossible... a High Cosmic?! Such a creature does not exist in the Milky Way! Unless... have the Dolgrimites grown more serious? Could their master be...?"

The blip of energy raced toward Numaria, drawing closer and closer every second. Auger had sensed it once it arrived at the furthest edge of the system, but it had already crossed half the distance to Numaria, traveling dozens of AU in mere moments.

"A High Cosmic..." Auger whispered, frightened out of his wits.

If the entity held any hostile intentions, he would not be able to resist. The combined power of all the Middle Cosmic Deities might stand a chance, but they could only project limited fragments of their power via weakened Astral Bodies or through Yardrat's portals. They could not unite together to defend any individual system. This was demonkind's greatest weakness!

Worse, if an enemy did kill one of the Demon Deities, they could never replace the fallen. Only Diablo possessed the power to Uplift his brethren. Each dead Deity would be a permanent loss to their empire!

"Damn, damn, damn! Just who is it?" Auger hissed, readying himself for a battle. "The aura feels a little familiar, but there's such a dense veil of hatred and bloodlust, it makes me want to vomit! This creature is an aberration, without fail!"

Auger was tempted to abandon his world, but that would effectively mean suicide. He was a Middle Cosmic and had been tethered to Numaria permanently. If he left, he would become a Demon Grunt again, losing all his powers and abilities. If the star was destroyed, he would die.

"Come on then. We'll see if my arsenal can defeat your superior strength!" Auger roared.

Less than a minute after entering the system, the incoming High Cosmic was within sight. Auger's battle rage shifted. His eyes widened as he beheld the figure hurtling toward him.

"You... how could it be.. no! My world! Watch out!!"

The figure blew past Auger at a speed too incomprehensible to put into words. It crashed into Numaria's atmosphere and instantly lit up the world's forests, sending walls of flames blasting outward in all directions from the impact site. A shockwave of unimaginable proportions detonated in a sphere, flattening forests, causing mountains to erupt in parallel with the shockwave's momentum, and the oceans to tear away from the land. Later, they would crash back upon the shores, summoning hundred-foot-tall tsunamis to ravage the coasts.

The figure burned on impact. It appeared not to be in control of its flight, and was instead falling helplessly toward the planet below, its flight slowing down every second due to extreme friction.

Forest fires swept outward in the path of the falling Cosmic. Demons and monsters perished en-masse, opening their mouths to scream, only for their bodies to instantly immolate and evaporate to ash. Even hardy Demon Barons could barely withstand the force of the falling Cosmic for mere seconds before they, too, were dispatched to the Great Beyond.

Eventually, the figure crashed into a mountain, sending millions of tons of rock and debris flying in a great cone outward. Those walls of debris rained down upon Numaria's forest, smashing into trees and breaking them into splinters and fragments of wood.

A minute later, it was over. The aftereffects of the Cosmic's fall would cause immense damage to Numaria over the coming weeks, devastating it with fires and flame... but the planet had ultimately survived, even if only barely.

Auger flew down and stopped half a kilometer above the crash side. He swallowed short, sharp breaths as he glowered with hate-filled eyes.

"Show yourself, woman! You dare come here, thinking I will be an easy target? This decapitation strike will fail! It will be your head I claim today!"

The figure lay deep inside an underground chasm, one carved by their fall to Numaria. After several seconds, nobody responded, leaving Auger more worried than before.

"Come out!" He barked. "Or else!"

A voice spoke from deep underground. The voice was weak, as if heavily injured. It was also male.

"**Auger. Come... down here... it is... not... she... it is me...**"

Auger blinked. "What? How can that be?"

He carefully flew downward, using the powers of multiple Burrowers amplified to the Cosmic level to carve a path to the Cosmic signature that lay unmoving beneath the mountain.

Eventually, Auger arrived. He found a figure covered in black armor, soaked in blood, laying face-down amidst the rubble. The figure was badly injured and looked to be on the brink of death.

"Auger... help me..."

Auger took three steps forward. He stopped at arm's length away and looked at the broken man who lay before him.

"Barbatos? You're... you're alive? But Uriel possessed you. She was taken! Taken by the Plague!"

Barbatos, the former Duke of Steel, now possessed a body on the level of a High Cosmic. He was a Demon Deity stronger than any other. But he was also dying.

The Deity named Barbatos coughed blood. He carefully turned his head, his dim red eyes looking up at Auger with eyes that did not yet wish to die.

"A plot... most foul... a trap... we were fooled... the Milky Way... she... she will kill us... her hatred... infinite... her revenge... she... she... _she..._"

The breath left his body. He fainted, unable to complete what he was saying.

Auger stared in bewilderment at Barbatos's broken form. He gazed upon it for all of three seconds before quickly and gently levitating him into the air.

"I must find Belial! AT ONCE!!"