Part 193: Tucker's Mirage
Part 193: Tucker's Mirage

As I settle in to listen to Madam Mildred's tales, I shoot a glance at Sir Lorent. He keeps Shana occupied by summoning an easel and showing her how to sweep a paintbrush against it. Shana's eyes widen like saucers as she begins to smear black paint across the canvas, drawing her first stick-man ever.

"The Volgrim have existed for millions of years," Madam Mildred says. She stands behind her chair and leans her ample chest against it, flashing a smile at Phoebe and me as she talks. "I see that Marie has already told you about the five sub-species of Volgrim. However, the details she gave you were quite sparing. What information I know comes from her assistant Momo's mind; therefore, it is secondhand knowledge. I lived inside my artifact throughout all of the Energy Wars, and was thus unable to witness the Volgrim's military might for myself."

Mildred motions with her hand and summons a long, spindly tobacco pipe. Its antique design lends her an air of nobility as she begins to puff on its contents.

"The Five Founders sit atop the Volgrim hierarchy. Each Founder stands at the apex of their sub-species' political empires. Unarin, the First Founder, is also the mightiest and most influential among the Ascended. The Ascended derive their might not from psionic potential, nor technological prowess, but raw numbers. For every Psion or Technopath, one hundred Ascended rest inside vegetation chambers, awaiting an order from their Founder. Tactics and strategy matter little when compared to a sea of skilled warriors. None of the other sub-species would ever dare challenge Unarin's rule."

Mildred smirks. "Hah-hah-hah! If you find the demonic population frightening, you dare not imagine how many Ascended could swoop in and crush your uprising with a wave of their hand! Truly, their numbers inspire awe!"

I sit up a little straighter in my seat. _I understand that the Ascended have vast military power and overwhelming numbers. However, compared with some of the machines the Technopaths should be capable of building, or the Psionic powers of the Psions, what does it matter if they have more soldiers? One tank or bomb can easily kill a hundred human soldiers with ease._

Mildred smiles. "Oh, young one, that might be true for our poor, frail little species, but not for the Volgrim. If you were to gaze upon an army of Ascended, you would come to notice that they are extremely well-rounded. Unarin has many Technopaths and Psions at his command, while the average Ascended possesses the strength and stamina of twenty human soldiers."

Mildred continues. "To put it bluntly, dear boy, Unarin possesses not only overwhelming numbers, but also a portion of the other Volgrim sub-species' overall abilities. His rule is unshakable."

_It sounds like the Ascended are the biggest threat to humanity. However, I'm guessing you're about to hit me with a 'but.'_

Mildred nods. "_But_, the Ascended are not a warlike people. When I said that most Ascended were resting inside vegetation chambers, awaiting Unarin's order to attack, that wasn't strictly true. The Ascended obtained their name by discarding their worldly interests. Unarin had his Psion appointees construct a massive digital world with a timescale that flows a thousand times faster than the real world. The Ascended live lives of blissful rapture inside their virtual oases. None wish to leave their paradise unless its existence comes under threat by an external force."

Mildred coughs. "Ahem. For example, a plucky young Hero who might try to assault their beloved collective."

I raise my eyebrows in realization. _What you're saying is that if humanity grows too fast and too quickly, and if we should become a threat to the Ascended's digital paradise, they'll return to reality and crash upon us like a waterfall._

"Precisely! Hah-hah-hah!"

Madam Mildred resumes strutting around the table, casting glances at every Hero present, as well as Phoebe. "Luckily for you, dear boy, Unarin might be the First Founder, but you needn't worry about the Ascended for a very long time. They are the Volgrim's _final_ line of defense. Instead, turn your attention toward the other subspecies. Tucker?"

Mildred glances at the cowboy seated next to my wife. Tucker chews on the tip of a wheat shaft absentmindedly. When he hears his name, he blinks a few times, then meets Mildred's gaze. "Huh? What'd I do this time?"

"Tell Jason and Phoebe about the Psions," Mildred replies. "You helped during the Energy Wars. I think your testimony will be quite valuable."

Tucker shrugs. "Yeap. Alright. What's there ta' say? Them Psions've got spooky mental powers. They can lift shit with their mind, fling fire from their hands, all kinds of craziness."

Kasim leans forward in his chair. [Tucker. Can't you be a little more descriptive? Mildred is counting on you.]

Tucker rubs his eyes. "Fine, fine, sheesh. Dunno what ya'll even want from me."

The cowboy leans back in his seat, then leans forward, using the momentum to jump to his feet. He touches the back of Phoebe's chair for a split-second, then grins at her like a hound-dog.

"Hey, baby-girl. Do you like roller coasters?"

Phoebe scowls. "I'm not your 'baby-girl.'"

"Not yet," Tucker says, smirking. "No lady can resist m'charms. More importantly, you're 'bout to experience a whole new reality, sweet pea. Prepare yourself."

Without waiting for a reply, Tucker motions with his hands. 

Blinding pain explodes in my head!

"Augh!" I cry out, startling even myself. Marie shoots a worried glance toward me, but I wave her concerns away and flash a thumbs-up.

My Mind Realm rapidly shifts and morphs. The buildings surrounding Phoebe and the Heroes disappear, transforming my mental space into a pure white world of dazzling brilliance. The first thing I think of is Raphael's Cosmic Realm. However, the similarities disappear a moment later as modern-day skyscrapers from Earth plummet from the sky and smash into the ground with earthshaking force. Grass and asphalt sprout between the buildings, along with images of humans milling about on the sidewalk. London appears, where before my Mind Realm stood.

Several strange emotions well up inside me when I spot London's skyline stretching out into the horizon. From my omnipotent viewpoint in the sky, I can easily make out countless intricate details, all of them somehow crafted via Tucker's heroic power. Two boys toss a holographic baseball between each other, laughing and playing without a care in the world. A police officer gives chase to a fleeing truck, and a minute later, two other pursuit cars join the hunt.

I turn my attention toward Phoebe and the Heroes. They stand atop a three-story building overlooking a residential zone. The flat, concrete roof places the group into a box where they'll have to jump down if they want to leave it.

[Tucker's Heroic power is known as Mirage,] Kasim says. [Much like how a desert can affect one's perception of the world, he too can generate illusions inside someone else's mind. As we happen to presently occupy Jason's Mind Realm, Tucker's power has a greater effect than usual.]

Kasim's words make me realize that allowing other people into my Mind Realm is a dangerous situation. After all, I don't know what Tucker might be able to do to me if he held any harmful intentions. I'll have to keep my guard up in the future.

Phoebe sweeps the sky with her eyes. "Is this... Earth?"

[It is,] Kasim replies. [Though when and where exactly, I do not know.]

Tucker saunters over to Phoebe with a big grin plastered on his face. "The year is 2072. Mah artifact was in the possession of a talented individual known as Benjamin Brown, one of humanity's ultimate soldiers. He 'n I worked together to fight the Volgrim whenever they attacked Earth. Today just so happens to be one o' them days."

As if on cue, a sudden explosion in the sky startles Phoebe, Lorent, and Shana. All three of them flick their eyes toward the disturbance, where a massive spaceship detonates in midair and comes crashing into the River Thames. Shana's eyes turn wide as saucers. She pulls close to Lorent and hugs his leg. 

[W-what happen? Why big light in sky?]

Lorent shakes his head. [I do not know, little one. However, this world is only an illusion. Don't be afraid. Nothing can hurt us here.]

He glances at Tucker.

[_Right?_]

Lorent's anger-filled gaze causes Tucker's confidence to falter for a moment.

"Y-yeah. Ain't nothing to worry about."

[Good.]

Lorent returns his attention toward the destroyed spaceship plummeting to Earth. Beneath its falling form, a tiny dot emerges in the blue sky, hovering only a few hundred feet away.

I use my omniscient vision to 'zoom in' on the object.

A bipedal, bug-like creature levitates above London, watching passively as the ship crashes into the Thames. It turns its head to the right and stretches out a palm. The creature fires a dot of blackness toward another nearby spaceship. It, too, detonates on impact, obliterating the craft's defenses effortlessly.

Within seconds, coastal alarms begin to wail around London. The city enters high alert, and its citizens rush indoors while casting fearful glances toward the chaos-embroiled sky.

The bug creature turns its six-eyed head toward another ship to the west. Its unblinking eyes gaze upon its prey with the same indifference a man might give an ant. Moments later, another black dot fires from the creature's hand and shreds the ship into chunks of metal.

"That thing there? It's a Psion," Tucker says, shrugging. "It ain't even one of the high-level warriors. Just a small-fry. A scout." 

With a wave of his hands, Tucker teleports the creature to the rooftop, startling Shana, Lorent, and Phoebe. They take a fearful step backward, only to breathe a sigh of relief when the Psion freezes in place, its illusion commanded by Tucker's power.

"See the feet?" Tucker asks. "Those two-toed claws allow Psions to scale mountains if they somehow lose their magic. They climb like billy goats. And their heads, notice how they ain't got no mouth? That's 'cuz Psions talk with their minds."

Phoebe stares unblinkingly at the creature before her with morbid curiosity. "My god... compared to demons and angels, this creature doesn't look like anything I've ever seen!"

Tucker nods. He rests his hands on his hip and sighs. "Yeap. They've gots a face only a mother would love, but that ain't the worst of it. See, much like demons 'n angels, Psions gots all kinds of crazy powerful magical abilities. You 'n Jason saw Marie's recording. Remember when that Nufaris fella yanked a spaceship into the dirt? That wasn't nothin'. That's just little-kiddy telekinesis."

Tucker motions again, activating his magic. The scene changes to reveal five Psions hovering above an army of humans. The humans unload a rain of bullets and plasma toward their sky-bound opponents. However, with a wave of its hand, one Psion summons a psionic barrier to envelop its comrades. Two others unleash fire and lightning upon the humans below, while the remaining two simply hover and observe the battle. 

"What is happening?" Phoebe asks. "Why aren't those last two attacking?"

"Their assistance ain't necessary," Tucker says, shrugging. "A single High Psion easily coulda wiped out the platoon. The other four are just there to prevent accidents."

"Psionic abilities seem about as difficult to fight as demons and angels," Phoebe comments. "What makes them any different? Even in Arthur's time, we humans easily took out demons with the Hero's help. I can't imagine faring any worse against these aliens, especially given humanity's advancements in weaponry."

Tucker's expression darkens. "Nah, sweet-cheeks. That's where yer wrong. The difference 'tween a demon and a Psion is that the Psion'll get stronger over time. They don't specialize like demons. You remember that Beelzebub fella?"

Phoebe scowls. "How could I forget?"

"Right. He's a fire-type demon. That means all his abilities somehow loop back to flames 'n shit. However, Psions ain't like that. They can use all kinds of crazy powers."

As Tucker speaks, the human army erects a massive army-sized force-field, thus blocking the Psion's fire and lightning attacks. An instant later, the aliens switch their battle strategy. Their eyes faintly glow for a split second before they begin draining energy from the force-field itself. 

The shield flickers several times, then sputters and disappears. The humans continue firing bullets, but their attacks prove useless against the Volgrim's psionic shielding.

Within minutes, the Psions eradicate their opponents and float away, leaving behind a wake of destruction and terror.

"Honey, pray you don't ever gotta fight a Psion. Pray even harder you don't anger an _army_ of Psions. The bastards never give up. And, more importantly... Psions never _die._"

Tucker changes the scene once again. This time, a single human faces off against a single Psion. The golden-armor-clad Psion retreats several steps under the human's relentless melee, but what startles me, as an omniscient observer, is something else.

The human, a dark-skinned man I don't recognize, is clearly missing a substantial amount of skin. However, instead of exposed bone and muscle, a metallic endoskeleton reveals itself.

Phoebe stares, wide-eyed, at the two-person death battle. "That man... he's a robot! A cyborg, just like Marie!"

"Not quite," Madam Mildred says, butting in. Her expression appears far graver than before, and she drops her arrogant act as she speaks. "His name is Benjamin Brown. He was one of humanity's mightiest warriors, if not _the_ strongest, barring a Hero's existence. Benjamin Brown carved his way through tens of thousands of demons and Volgrim alike. He was a deadly warrior known as a Vanguard, and his prowess in the art of combat stood unparalleled, even until the day humanity lost the war."

Phoebe nods. "I remember reading about Vanguards in one of Bahamut's journals. She barely wrote about them, but did mention that she would never dare fight one alone."

As the scene continues, this "Benjamin Brown" fellow continues whaling on the Psion. His Volgrim opponent unleashes fire and lightning, trying desperately to melt him to pieces or fry his electrical components. However, Benjamin surprises the Volgrim by raising his palm and absorbing its attacks. Seconds later, Ben's mutilated skin regenerates, covering his metallic skeleton with a fleshy exterior.

Benjamin leaps backward, an expression of determination on his face. His arm shifts and morphs, transforming into a particle-cannon.

_Crack! Crack!_

He releases a hail of ionized bullets upon the Psion, forcing it to retreat again and again as it attempts to parry his ranged assault. However, unlike the Psion from the previous vision, it doesn't summon a force-field for defense.

Benjamin Brown maintains his relentless assault. The young man begins walking forward while firing nonstop. Unable to retaliate, the Volgrim can only deflect each shot one by one. Eventually, Benjamin Brown closes the gap, leaps forward, and plunges his arm into the alien's chest. With one smooth motion, he rips the Volgrim's spine out, killing it instantly.

The vision concludes, and Tucker shakes his head.

"Ben's victory didn't make no ding-damn difference. That same fella returned 'bout a year later, stronger'n ever. Ben laid the smack down again and again, but each time, it put up more of a fight. It might have eventually beat him, but the war came to an end, and humanity lost. I ain't sure what happened to Ben after that. We got separated. Next thing I knew, I ended up here in Marie's bunker-place. The rest was history."

I nod. _How did you end up in Ben's hands, Tucker? I can't help but assume most heroic artifacts would be closely guarded government secrets._

Tucker glances into the sky, toward the vague direction of my omniscient vision. "Well, see, I don't know this fer sure, but I always figgered Marie 'n Ben had a whole thing goin' on 'tween 'em. Maybe a fling or somethin'. I imagine she gave mah relic to Ben to assist him. I tried m'hardest, but I couldn't do much. The guy was a total badass, even without mah help."

_Did you assist Ben with illusions?_

Tucker shakes his head. "Not usually. See, mah powers are somewhat diverse. When I was a young 'un, I lived during a chaotic era, back when the ol' America was still bein' established. We had all sorts of vagrants 'n ruffians to deal with, and uh... well, I may have helped out not only the good guys, but also the bad guys now and then. That's all I'm saying. Man's gotta make a buck if he wants to eat. Catch m'drift?"

I frown. _Get to the point._

"I've got a whole bunch of powers! Illusions, wall-walking, just a whole grab bag! Mah most useful power, and the one Ben used a lot, was... Perfect Aim."

Tucker whips out his revolver and spins it on his finger. He makes a motion as if to shoot the wall.

"Pow! Pow! Perfect accuracy every time! A gunslinger never misses his shot!"

_I guess that means Ben used your Perfect Aim power with modern weaponry?_

"Yup! That fella kicked some Psion butt! He made good use of m'power; that's for sure."

[Let's talk about the Technopaths,] Kasim says. [Tucker, take us to the end of the war.]

"Alrighty."

Tucker pays Kasim's sudden topic change no mind. With a shrug, he dissolves the skyscrapers and modern-day Earth into nothingness. A moment later, a different city appears.

However, unlike the London of 2072, which I vaguely recognized, the city Tucker summons resembles a scene from a dystopia. An overcast sky rumbles with thunder, as a light rain trickles down on the city below. Crumbled skyscrapers mix with rubble, burning fires, and wailing sirens to paint a picture of an Earth embroiled in chaos. Injured civilians stand before military trucks to await food allotments. 

A mother with only one arm clutches her stump and begs the soldier to give her an extra portion for her children. Enraged, the man swings his fist at her face, sending her sprawling to the asphalt. "Back off! You only get one portion, you damn vagrant! Be glad you get anything at all!"

If the other half-dozen nearby soldiers have any problems with their comrade's actions, they don't show it on their faces. They continue to hand out food while a drone hovers overhead and scans the faces of everyone approaching.

The woman sniffles and whimpers. Her nose, now broken, bleeds profusely, wetting her clothes with crimson fluid. She staggers away while clutching a tiny bag of food. I glance inside the bag with my all-encompassing vision, only to see two slices of bread, some moldy cheese, and a small bag of rice.

As she staggers away, a coastal siren begins to wail. The ear-splitting roar of a spaceship flying overhead spreads panic among the gathered crowds. Immediately, the military men grab their guns and take aim at the throng of civilians surrounding them. "Disperse at once! Return to the evacuation zone! Move, move, move!"

A few people linger for a moment while the rest flee in panic, but with a shake of their guns, the soldiers force even the hungriest civilians to flee.

Moments later, a shockwave rumbles through the sky. The soldiers dive inside their truck and leave the food behind in a cart outside. They race away, dodging and weaving between obstructions in the torn-up asphalt, including broken-down vehicles, dead bodies, and even a baby stroller.

Inside the armored truck, one soldier furiously types on a computer. "Level 3 Technopath assault. HQ sent us a ping. We need to head to the strip mall! There's a 44% drop point chance!"

One of the female soldiers sucks air through her teeth. "44%. Shit. How many other response squads are heading there?"

"It's just the Dusk Crew and us," The logistics tech replies. "Wait! No... there's someone else. It's Commander Benjamin Brown! He activated his response beacon!"

The woman breathes a sigh of relief. "Benjamin Brown?! God damn, we're lucky. We might make it out of here alive!"

As the crew prays to whatever god they each might worship, a partition opens up in the thick cloud cover above. The soldiers raise their eyes skyward and gape in horror.

The technician is the first to speak. "Jesus Fucking Christ! Is that a Monolith?! That's the biggest assault craft I've ever seen!"

"Goddamned Volgrim," The woman mutters. "They never give us a break. It hasn't been two days since their last attack! Just how many soldiers and machines do the cocksuckers have?!"

As the soldiers rush to their destination, the expressions on their faces turn ashen as the follow the trajectory of the thousand-foot-tall ship plummeting toward the city. Its sheer mass swallows the horizon, making them wonder what its contents might be.

"44%, they said," The driver mutters. "Looks like we got the shit end of the stick. It's headed for the mall."

"Fuck!"

"We're going to die!"

Two of the soldiers curse and sling expletives. Knowing that their end is coming, they can only swallow their hatred and prepare themselves for death.

"If we're going to die, then let's show these metal monsters the strength of humanity!"

"Hell yeah! You said it, Eagle!"

The ship races toward the planet's surface below. At the last moment, before striking the planet's surface, a plethora of anti-gravity thrusters on the ship's bottom ignite, slowing its descent and allowing it to touch down gracefully.

The armored vehicle races toward the landed ship. The soldiers watch intently as dozens of openings appear on the craft's exterior.

"Dragoons. At least the Volgrim are going low-tech this time," The commander, Eagle, says. "Fuck! So many?! One hundred... two hundred..."

The truck speeds toward the strip mall, which has already flattened into a pancake under the bulk of the monolith.

"Tell HQ to send reinforcements!" Eagle yells, barking an order at his technician. "We won't last five minutes against that horde, not even with Commander Brown's help."

The technician wipes sweat from his forehead. "No can do, Eagle. Look. This isn't the only monolith touching down, today."

He gestures toward his computer screen. Eagle's expression turns ugly.

"Two others? This attack isn't another harassment campaign. The alien bastards are going to seize the capitol!"

"What can we do?" The woman asks. "HQ won't be able to fight off the invaders. If we go there, we'll only die needlessly."

A minute passes.

Eagle rubs the bridge of his nose. He glances out the front window. Already, the Volgrim dragoons have begun firing at nearby structures, leveling anything within range to dust.

"We have to protect the civilians. They might be useless vagrants and deserters, but... they're still humans! If our lives can save a hundred, or even a thousand others... then we'll die with honor!"

The truck races toward the Monolith. Soon, it screeches to a stop behind a dilapidated building, using the patchwork concrete structure to shield itself from the Volgrim assault force's vision.

"Alright, team. Grab your guns and pop your pills. Let's move!"

With a nod, all the soldiers reach into the folds of their shirts, pull out pink pellets, and toss them into their mouths. They don't bother using water to wash the pills down. Instead, the soldiers grab various advanced pieces of weaponry and armor before disembarking their vehicle.

What follows is a scene of chaos. The pills provide temporary adrenaline and strength boosts, transforming the soldiers into superhuman weapons of war. They tear through the Technopath army with ease, shredding their metallic adversaries half a dozen at a time.

Eventually, Benjamin Brown flies over from an unknown location. A pair of aluminum wings stick out of his back, attached to a back-pack-like piece of armor wrapped around his shoulders. He lands amidst the fray and helps push back the Dragoon assault mechs, but the wings break apart once he lands, revealing their purpose as a single-use disposable piece of technology.

The computer technician waves at the newcomer. "Commander Brown! Lieutenant Eagle is badly injured! He needs medical attention!"

"Hide him behind the rubble," Benjamin Brown says. "We can't help him until we've cleared the zone! If God wants him alive, then fate will favor him!"

The remaining five soldiers and Benjamin Brown continue unloading on the Dragoons. Despite the six-legged machines' considerable firepower and their massive cannons, they prove useless against the nimble human commandos.

Shots ring out. The Dragoon mechs tower twenty feet above the bipedal flesh-and-blood creatures at their feet, but they can't get a firm lock on their targets. Each time a Dragoon falls, another disembarks the Monolith to fire at the humans from a distance.

One commando, the technician, screams in pain. A stray Dragoon shell detonates only ten feet away, riddling his leg with shrapnel. He stumbles and falls, impaling his stomach on a particularly sharp rock. He perishes a moment later.

The other soldiers barely pay him a glance.

"Fuck!" The woman soldier yells, anger welling up in her heart. "Where is Team Dusk?! They should have arrived by now!"

Benjamin Brown presses his back against hers. "I re-routed them. One of the other Monoliths landed just outside HQ. They need the manpower more than we do!"

Her expression darkens. "But... but we'll die!"

"I prepared myself for that the day I entered the military," Ben replies. He reaches up and presses a finger to his eyeball. "Everyone dies eventually. Even my brother."

Benjamin's pupil turns bright red. He dives behind cover and pokes his head out to examine the Monolith ship a hundred meters away.

"I have to get inside," Ben mutters. "The turrets will pose a problem. Umi. Divert 1% of your processing power to assist me."

Inside Benjamin Brown's head, a robotic voice speaks.

[Request noted. Processing. Supreme Commander Marie Becker has agreed to your request. For the next twenty-seven minutes and fourteen seconds, I will allocate 1% of my processing power to your internal components. Integrating... now.]

A surge of thoughts flood through Ben's head. Immediately, his senses enhance and expand like a bubble, allowing him to accurately determine the state of the battlefield within thirty meters in every direction.

"Haha... now the fun begins."

Ben leaps out of cover. Ten Dragoons swivel their cannons toward him and fire in unison. However, Ben instantly calculates the trajectory of their projectiles. He dives to the left, presses his foot against a shredded red Subaru, and leaps into the sky. A chorus of explosions rings out as the fusion-propelled explosive canisters detonate beneath him.

Ben lands atop the nearest Dragoon and uses his cyborg strength to bend its cannon a few degrees to the left. Without paying the machine any more mind, he continues leaping from one Dragoon to the next, beelining toward an opening in the Monolith's exterior.

"There! That's my ticket inside."

Ben leaps toward the Monolith. His fingers pierce the ship's heavily armored outer layer with ease, allowing him to scale the metal exterior like a seasoned mountain climber. Several Dragoons swivel to fire at him, but they pause, unable to launch attacks against the Monolith itself.

"Outwitted by a _mere human_," Ben mutters. "And you always will be, so long as we have Marie."

Ben clambers inside the Monolith. Its tall, javelin-like appearance leads to a vertically-aligned interior, with dozens of ladders and transport tubes for transitioning between levels. The moment Ben enters, dozens of security turrets unleash a hail of gunfire at him.

Ben dives to the side, presses against a wall, and rips off a chunk of metal. He rushes forward while using the wall-plate as a makeshift shield to protect his head. Even with his quick thinking, the moment he enters the conical field of turrets, they spatter him with dozens of bullets. His skin shreds and peels under the ship's relentless assault, but Ben continues systematically tearing apart anything that attacks him.

Suddenly, the ship's inner lights go dark. A pitch-black void engulfs Ben, illuminated only by the opening through which he entered.

A robotic voice begins speaking overhead.

"**WA'NUNG. HUTSUFTA L'ATANTHA GASATHSAG. AFTFT GARANTU'A TXTSANT UN DATHKT THU'SAAN, FUIA'SAAN, ANG FURSAAN HA'A FTAAN GUTAFTFTAG. ATHSU'ASUNG L'USUSXLA P'USATHSU'ASAT.**"

The gibberish-sounding speech causes Ben to pause for a split-second. "Prototype Protectorates? What the hell are those?"

As if on cue, the sounds of sliding doors above and below the Vanguard causes the hair on the back of his neck to stand up. Dozens of red eyes step out of the darkness and swivel to face him. Unaffected by the poor visibility, Benjamin's biomechanical eyes pierce the gloom, allowing him to make out metallic, bipedal shapes equipped with highly advanced weaponry.

"Shit... it's an ambush! The Volgrim expected me!"

Ben retreats several steps toward the opening he used to enter the Monolith. However, a panel slides over the hatch, sealing it shut.

The ship rumbles, bucking like a bronco. Ben's stomach leaps into his throat as he comes to a horrifying realization.

"The Monolith is lifting off. This whole thing was a trap intended to capture me! Fucking Volgrim! You won't get your way. Umi! Hack the ship's systems! I'll stall while you pierce their defensive network!"

The sounds of metal footsteps lumbering toward Ben makes him swivel to face the incoming threats. The moment the machines step around the corner, they unload a hail of bullets and energy blasts at him, preventing him from taking even a step forward. 

[Error,] Umi replies. [Hacking a Monolith's defenses will require at least 5% of my processing power. Supreme Commander Marie Becker has refused your request. She states that you possess a 65% chance of survival without her help. Do not disappoint her expectations.]

"That bitch!" Ben yells. The Protectorate's assault strikes him over and over, shredding his skin from his body piece by piece. The bullets, infused with electrical energy, suppress his computerized systems, causing his processor cores to glitch.

Without any regard for his safety, Ben lunges forward. He grabs one Protectorate's head and slams it against a wall. To his dismay, not only does the head not crumple like a Dragoon's might, but it takes almost no damage.

_Whump._

A metallic fist strikes Benjamin's spine, flinging him to the deck. Ben rolls helplessly, dumbfounded by the machine's strength.

He jerks his head up, wincing under the hail of gunfire. Even with his heavily-augmented cybernetic body, he can't endure for long under the Protectorate Squad's attack.

Ben's thoughts spin in his mind. _It can't be... are these Sentinels?! Marie said they were only a rumor! They're impossibly strong!_

Umi beeps inside Ben's head. [Processing. Incorrect. These machines are not Sentinels. Based on my calculations, the Protectorates possess, at most, 1% of a Sentinel's battle power.]

"What? That means... Sentinels are more than a hundred times stronger than these- augh!"

Ben coughs as an electrified bullet slips through his metallic endoskeleton and pierces his internal shielding. Immediately, one of his four lungs ruptures, causing severe internal bleeding.

"Kahk! Keuk!"

Ben vomits blood. He falls to his knees and crumples into the fetal position, trying desperately to protect himself from the nonstop hail of plasma, electric, and metallic bullets.

"U-Umi! Activate... activate... my prototype... systems... release the s-safety... limiters..."

[Warning. Removing Vanguard 001's safety limiters will cause extreme damage to your internal subsystems. The potency of your heroic artifact will degrade by 75%, shortening its inhabitant's lifespan. Confirm activation?]

"Confirm, goddammit! I can't die here!"

[Command confirmed. I will use my allocated processing power to improve the efficiency-]

"Hurry up! I can't last much longer!"

Ben winces as three more bullets worm their way through his internal shielding. Another lung collapses, while several of his arteries tear into pieces under the intense electrostatic shocks battering them from moment to moment. 

After five excruciating seconds, Umi speaks again. [Command executed. You have five minutes of peak efficiency available. Four minutes, fifty-nine seconds. Four minutes, fifty-eight seconds.]

Ben leaps to his feet. A powerful energy barrier expands around his chest. Without hesitation, Ben reaches into the folds of his armor and whips out a clunky-looking revolver; Tucker's artifact.

"Let's kill these sons of bitches and get the fuck out of here!"

Ben's speed and strength triples. He rushes toward the Protectorate robots, each one with armor reminiscent of a tank, yet a frame as light and nimble as a jackrabbit, and punches them repeatedly, over and over. He uses Tucker's power to guarantee that every hit strikes a critical weak point while also ensuring the enemies can't dodge his attacks.

Ben's fists become a hurricane. Umi continues to tick down every second in his head, increasing his agitation and worry as he tries to outmaneuver and outgun the terrifying death-robots gunning for him.

Suddenly, the first Protectorate's head collapses. Ben crushes it with his bare hands, then leaps toward one of the remaining 14 Protectorates.

Even with his prototype systems active, the fight is far from easy. Ben suffers immensely whenever another bullet pierces his shielding, but he never wavers. One by one, he crushes each Protectorate flat, only to pause before the final three when Umi issues him a warning.

[Alert. Monolith Ship 002 will exit Earth's atmosphere in T-minus ten seconds. Benjamin Brown, you must evacuate immediately, or you will suffocate in space.]

"Shit!" Ben howls, spewing blood. "You should've told me sooner!"

He bull-rushes the nearest wall and aims his shoulder toward a spot Umi indicates with her sensors.

_Boom._

Benjamin Brown smashes through the metallic wall as if it were made of styrofoam. His body creaks and howls with pain, but that hardly compares to the terror running through his veins as he stumbles out of the ship and plummets toward the ground several miles below.

With the oxygen in the atmosphere not even at 1% of the levels on the ground, Ben's consciousness quickly begins to waver.

[Warning. Ten seconds remaining on the prototype subsystem activation period. Nine seconds. Eight. Seven...]

Ben's eyes flutter as he falls toward the planet below. Eventually everything goes dark, and only an agonizing, burning pain swells within his chest.

...

The vision fades away. Tucker rubs his forehead as Phoebe and all of the Heroes reappear in the dining hall.

"Welp. That was the last time I saw Ben. We weren't 'friends' or anything. He used mah artifact against the Volgrim, and that was it for our relationship. Still, I always wondered what happened t'him. I hope he survived. A fall like that would kill anyone... be they man or machine."

Tucker chuckles. "Heh. Whatever Ben did, he sucked up a whole bunch of mah mana. I kept falling asleep off and on for centuries. Eventually, Madam Mildred popped in and saved m'life. It's been a rough ride, but things're lookin' up."

Phoebe rests her hands on her lap. After pausing to think for a few moments, she smiles at Tucker. "Thank you for telling Jason and me about the Volgrim. It was... enlightening."

_Indeed,_ I say. _I know so much more about the Ascended, Psions, and Technopaths than when I first met you. You've helped me immensely. However, I do have to ask... what about the Changelings and Dolgrimites? Do you have any intel on them?_

Tucker shrugs. "Nothin' worth mentioning, kid. Changelings can change their appearances. As for the Dolgrimites, I don't know jack shit."

"You don't?" Phoebe asks. "Did you never encounter them?"

"I can answer that!" Mildred says, butting in. "Nobody here has ever seen a Dolgrimite! They didn't participate in the Energy Wars, and they didn't bother showing up even once on Earth. Momo doesn't know anything about them, either! If Marie has any information, she might be able to tell you, but as for me, daaarling, I can't help you at all!"

I shrug. _That's fine. The Dolgrimites never showed their faces, so they must not care about galactic affairs. We can safely ignore them for now. You've done enough, Madam Mildred, and I need to go. However, I won't forget my promise. I'll try and help 'free' you, whenever you decide to tell me what that means._

"Hah-hah-hah! You think this is goodbye, dear boy? I've linked our minds together! You need only say the magic word, and we'll be able to speak to one another, no matter how far apart we might be!"

I nod, understanding Mildred must be referring to my Wordsmithing. Now that I know where these artifacts are located, I can easily speak to the Heroes here if necessary.

Kasim bows. [We are always at your service, young Hero. As long as you live, humanity will not go extinct. Stay safe, and protect our descendants.]

Julius Caesar assumes a dignified pose. [I hope to hear of your accomplishments in the coming years.]

Tucker rolls his eyes. "Yeah, whatever. You can have the girl this time, but if you break Phoebe's heart, expect her to come crying to me."

Phoebe sighs. "I'm sitting right here, Tucker..."

The last hero, Karla, fidgets for a moment, before sheepishly waving at Phoebe. [Goodbye.]

I sigh, wishing I'd had a chance to talk to the Asian woman and Caesar a little more. However, having spent nearly an hour with this one artifact, Marie is probably getting antsy for me to move on.

_Farewell, Mildred, Tucker, Kasim, Karla. It was my pleasure to meet all of you. I'll keep in touch._

Mildred snorts. "Hmph! Damn straight!"

All five of the Heroes lower their heads. Their bodies fade away, leaving Sir Lorent and Shana behind, along with Phoebe.

I rub my eyes. _Seven Heroes down, and a fuckload more to go._

"Do you need a break?" Phoebe asks. "You can always request one. Marie knows you're an 'inferior biological,' so I'm sure she'll understand."

_No way. I'm not falling asleep with that creepy cyborg anywhere near me. I'll just Wordsmith my energy back to full and keep going. If Madam Mildred was telling the truth, those five heroes were the strongest ones here. That means they'll be of the utmost importance to Marie, and she won't care as much about the remaining ones. Let's report back to her and see what she says._

Phoebe nods. "Alright."

I raise my head and pull my attention away from my Mind Realm. Turning toward the center of the room, I open my mouth to tell Marie what's happened, only to pause and frown.

Marie isn't here.

Momo stands idly at the controls, tapping buttons with her back to me. I clear my throat.

"Ahem! Momo? Got a sec?"

"Heek!"

Momo jumps in fright and whirls to face me. 

"D-don't call my name out so suddenly! You s-scared the Devil out of me!"

"Sorry. I'm done with this artifact... and a few others. Where's Marie?"

Momo sighs. "Miss Becker told me she had something to take care of. She only left a few minutes ago."

I frown.

"Marie left? Where did she go?"

Momo points toward the ceiling.

"To meet with the Volgrim inspection team, of course!"

---

**Check out the Volgrim subspecies artwork in the comment section below!**