_Splash, splash._

"Oooh! Hahaha!"

Barbatos watched.

Two mermaids, Millie and Karen, splashed water at each other.

They were simple creatures. Like him. No desire to fight. No will.

Was there a difference?

He did not know.

His eyes were heavy.

He was tired.

He had used too much mana over the last few months. He wanted to sleep. He needed to.

But he could not. _She_ waited for him. _She_ always watched.

"Barbatos! Are you okay, sweetie?" Millie, the ever-doting red-haired mermaid, floated over to him and rested her hand on his leg. "You haven't said a word in three days! Even for you, that's a bit extreme."

Barbatos swallowed. His throat burned. He was always in pain. Anguish. Coarse, festering agony.

"Sorry, Millie. I am tired. I am trying to… stay awake."

"Oh." Millie's face became crestfallen. She beckoned over to Karen. "Barbatos is tired. We have to keep him awake."

Karen was one of the youngest mermaids. She was scarcely three hundred years old. A child among her sisters. "What? Millie! Let Barbatos take a nap! Don't pester him!"

"No. Millie is right. I mustn't close my eyes. I need-"

A voice spoke inside of him. _Her_ voice. Uriel. His tormentor. The Archangel who had besieged his mind and body for tens of thousands of years.

_Oooh, feeling a little tired, are we? Why not lay thy head down for a minute, Barbatos? Think of how good thou shalt feel._

Her nagging voice, like a poorly tuned violin, grated at the back of his skull. He shouldn't have said anything. Now she knew what he was thinking.

"Quiet, Uriel. I won't close my eyes. Never again."

Another voice appeared in his mind. His brother, Artorias.

**Barbatos. Resist. I can only stave off this bloodsucking creature with your help.**

"I know."

Karen cocked her head. "Who is Barbatos talking to?"

Millie answered. "The voices in his head."

"Huh?"

"He's not crazy. It's a long story."

Karen stared at her sister quizzically. "I don't understand. Are the 'voices' why he can't fall asleep?"

"Mhm." Millie looked into his eyes. It hurt to see how much she loved him. She remembered. All of the mermaids did. The Dukes as well, and the Emperors.

They remembered.

They knew what happened when he lost consciousness.

But he couldn't. Never again. He wouldn't let Uriel take over.

_Thou art such a child, Barbatos. Dost thee expect me to let ye sit and conserve thy energy? As weak as thou art now, I could take over for a moment. Want me to try? I'll crush thy precious little mermaids in an instant. I'll turn them into meat paste._

Her words, like venom, echoed in his ears. The longer she talked, the more visible her appearance grew in his mind — a hauntingly beautiful Archangel in a blood-red dress. He could see her curves, her voluptuous body.

She was a siren — an agent of the enemy. Any physical attraction he might feel was nullified by the memories of her past atrocities.

Artorias spoke. **Barbatos, hurry and lock yourself away. Bind your arms with as many chains as possible and tell the other Dukes to stand guard. If you fall unconscious around the mermaids, Uriel won't hesitate. She'll kill them all.**

Uriel laughed. _Hahaha, come now, Artorias. Listen to how thou dost play the doting older brother, even after all this time. Barbatos, if ye rest thy eyes for a moment, I solemnly promise I shan't hurt thy cute little mermaids. After all, 'tis not monsters, but demons I despise. I'm not indiscriminate, like the filthy bloodskins who murdered my people._

His eyes burned. He blinked for a moment to moisten them. "Your promises are poison. You will say anything to take control. I won't succumb."

Several mermaids swam over as his voice echoed in the chamber. He didn't usually speak this much. It burned. His body always ached. Talking did little more than fatigue him. And the more exhausted he became, the more powerful Uriel grew.

Uriel's long white hair grew visible in his mind. Her moccasin sandals. The six colored rings on her fingers, each one engraved with the initials of her brothers and sisters. Raphael. Michael. Gabriel. Uzziel. Camael. Samael.

The evil woman stretched her hand toward his mind's eye. It grew like a specter of death, dwarfing him with its size. _Thou art exhausted, Barbatos. Do as thy brother says. Find a dark, secluded place, somewhere that I won't be able to cause any harm. Oh, that's right, such a location doesn't exist! Haha!_

Uriel's light laughter burned his soul. He lowered his eyes, unable to look at the mermaids surrounding him.

_I am cursed. I deserve this curse. My greed, my desire to become the strongest demon, and my willingness to commit any act that empowered me… they are the reasons I suffer._ Barbatos thought.

Artorias and he had known the rule. _No demon shall consume the energy of an angel._

He had thought himself invincible, so he had ignored Satan's one binding rule.

He was wrong. He had paid the price for his indiscretion.

Artorias appeared more vividly in his mind. He had the same look that he always did — a slender, muscular Baron of above-average height. Dozens of bones, all taken from humans and angels, wrapped around his arms, waist, and neck. His piercing eyes, the eyes of a military commander, gazed upon Barbatos with a look of anger.

During his youth, before they merged, Barbatos had considered his brother a vicious, bloodthirsty killer. He fought Uriel on several occasions but barely escaped with his life. The other demons looked up to him, but not Barbatos. He had disrespected him. He had treated his counsel and guidance as if it was poison. In the end, his mistakes had caught up with him.

His brother was a kind soul, one who had willingly given up his life to merge with him. He had protected Barbatos during those early years. The time when the Archangel's Holy Energy ravaged his body. When the other demons couldn't bear to look at his deformed skin, or the scars, or any other part, Artorias was always there. He still was.

_How many friends have died? How many enemies? I have lost count._

_War brings no joy. It brings no victory. Only a slowly increasing trickle of death awaits those who walk the path of violence._

_If only I knew as a young Lord, what I know now. If only I had the willpower to resist my bloodlust… perhaps my brother and I would still be together in the flesh. Perhaps I would not suffer under the twisting, burning, endless misery of Uriel's torment._

_I hate her. I love her. I hate her more. She has taught me, without intending to, how worthless such notions of 'demon rank' and 'prestige' are._ Barbatos thought.

His eyes drooped.

No!

He must remain vigilant.

Before his eyes could shut again, he formed a sign with his hands. His armor bent inward and impaled his stomach. The awful pain brought him back.

Awake!

He mustn't close his eyes again. It was too dangerous.

Millie spotted the blood trickling down his armor. "I'll get a rag, Barbatos."

He rasped out a reply. "Th-thank you, Millie."

_Art thou capable of staying awake forever?_ Uriel asked. She leaned toward him and loomed even larger in his mind. _It matters not if it takes thee one day or one thousand years. Thou shalt close thy eyes. And when ye do…_

"I won't. I won't. I won't."

His eyes drooped again. The blood loss was making him woozy. _Have to… have to cauterize the wound. Fire. Need fire._ Barbatos thought.

He stumbled to his feet. His armor ground together against his skin, sealing in his demonic energy and preventing him from losing too much power. He limped over to a single torch on the wall and paused.

If he removed his armor for a moment, in his current state, he might lose too much mana.

But… if he passed out from blood loss, that would have the same result.

Uriel snickered. _Heh, look at the panic on your face. Why not ask every Duke and Emperor to stand guard? Then, when I come out, they can suppress me._

"No. That's… what you… want. You'll kill them- kill everyone. Like you did before."

His words choked out, along with blood. He had stabbed the wrong area. Clumsy. There was internal hemorrhaging. Who could heal a wound like this? Not the Blood Pits. It would take too long to get there. Too much energy to open a portal. Belial? She could heal him. Where was she? He didn't know.

**Brother. Cauterize the wound. It's risky, but you'll have to try.**

"Yes, Artorias. I know."

Wincing, he readied himself for the pain. As soon as he formed the appropriate magic sign, his magnetism peeled the armor away. He grabbed the torch and jammed it against his stomach. Hard.

The pain was no worse than what he experienced daily.

A rush of red energy flooded out of his body. He closed his armor to seal the remainder inside, but weakness hit his legs. His strength gave out, and he flopped to the ground.

"Barbatos!!!" Millie leaped from the water and splashed over to him. She dragged herself across the ground and stopped by his head. "Ancient dragons, give me strength! What's wrong? Are you okay?!"

Millie's tears dripped onto his face. He wheezed out words of warning. "Hurts. Hurts. Can't stay awake. Run. Get out. Uriel. She's… she's taking over."

Uriel's voice spoke again, louder than before. _Yes. Good, Barbatos, good. Rest easy, knowing I'm in charge._

**No! Barbatos! WAKE UP! Don't you dare give up! You're stronger than this! You're stronger than the Archangel!!**

He wheezed in pain. "I'm… not… I'm too… too…"

_Shut up, Artorias. It's not like thou understand the pain thy little brother feels. Besides, I promised I wouldn't hurt his stupid little mermaids, and I'll keep my word. All I'm going to do is kill a few worthless bloodskins._

_Heh heh heh… yes. I have many targets in mind. I wonder how much playtime I'll have? I can't wait to stretch my legs._

Moments passed.

His eyes began to shut.

He couldn't take it anymore. He couldn't resist her power. He couldn't stay awake.

All he could do now was pray that the others would stop her.

"Millie… get… away…"

Darkness overwhelmed him.

...............................................................

"Barbatos? Long time, no- GUHK!"

A flash of movement. The demon exploded and blasted across the walls.

Uriel smiled. "One down. Ten trillion to go."

The hallway where the lone demon had been walking fell silent. Uriel listened for a moment but didn't detect any other demons idling nearby.

Bits and pieces of metal cracked and fell from Barbatos's armor, slamming onto the ground. Uriel glanced down at the disgusting withered body of her captor. "What a shame that I must stay in such a loathsome form."

Inside her mind, Artorias raged. **Accursed Archangel! Stop this madness! Don't you see? Barbatos is trying to live a life of peace! You shouldn't become the monster you once decried-**

"Silence." Uriel waved her hand and trudged through the exploded remains of the demon she had just killed. "I care little for what thy pathetic brother wants. If demons didn't wish to face my wrath, they shouldn't have slain all of my people. I am the last angel. Even if I am inside the body of a demon, I will kill every single bloodskin in my path."

Barbatos's heavy footsteps echoed around the walls.

_Whump. Whump. Whump._

Uriel moved her hands to create magical signs. "Dark Form."

Her aura became dimmer. The shadows called to her, and the walls became translucent, seemingly vanishing from existence. She looked in every direction and spotted a large group of demons laughing about this and that while sloshing drinks around — a gambling den.

More pieces of armor fell off, exposing Barbatos's scarred and deformed body. Patches of white crept over his skin, replacing the demonic red with something holier. Something that demons in the current era hadn't seen for tens of thousands of years.

"Oy, Boldor, pass me the bones, will ya!" A shrill voice rang out, and several other demons laughed about some crude joke.

Uriel approached.

She rounded the corner and stepped inside the cantina. Smog filled the air, and a disgusting mix of tobacco and a thousand other chemicals swirled before her nostrils. A demon at the entrance spotted her arrival. He raised an eyebrow. "Uh, welcome to the pub. Haven't seen the likes of you around, stranger. What's your name?"

Uriel narrowed her burning red eyes. "My name is unimportant. Do you happen to know where I can find Bael? I need to have a word with him."

The demon raised an eyebrow. His tiny horns indicated he wasn't a Lord, but probably a grunt. "Ehh, Bael? Ain't seen him in my entire life. This place is a bit outta the way. Say… don't I know you from somewhere?"

Turning away from the demon, Uriel's expression turned nasty. "I ask the questions here. If thou hath no answers, thou art useless to me. Die."

Uriel swung her fist. The demon exploded violently, splattering blood and gore across the room. The roaring laughter and cacophony inside the gambling den instantly fell silent.

Everyone turned to look at the newcomer.

A demon yelled in alarm. "W-what the devil?! Ganje?! Hey! Who do you think you are, marchin' in here and killing one of us?!"

Several demons whispered to each other.

"Hold on a second, ain't that fella Barbatos?"

"Yeah. I think he is. Didn't recognize him without the armor. What's going on? Did Ganje get on his bad side?"

Uriel cocked her head. "Someone tell me where I can find Bael."

A bigger demon in the back, one with much longer horns than the rest, stood up. Uriel evaluated him instantly.

_A Baron._

"Barbatos? Something's off about you. Why do you need to see- HUWAK!" The demon yanked toward Uriel as she pulled the metal on his body with Barbatos's innate magnetic force. The Baron slammed against her fist and slumped to the ground. He choked weakly for a few seconds. "W-what the…"

"Tell me where Bael is, or die."

Every demon in the room jumped to their feet. Alarm bells rang in their heads. _Something ain't right about Barbatos,_ their eyes said.

The Baron gasped for breath. "H-huh… he's… he's in… Hell Harbor. H-heard he went… went there to… show-"

"I don't care _why_; I only want to know _where_. Stupid bloodskins. Thy lips never stop moving."

Uriel flicked her finger. A thousand shards of metal tore from the walls and flew around the room, eviscerating everyone inside. The horrified screams of pain went silent a moment later. One hundred demons fell to pieces, transformed from flesh and bones into bloody puddles on the ground.

The Archangel inhaled deeply. "Ahhh. Nothing better than the smell of dead bloodskins. I'll make every last one pay. There isn't a corner of the Labyrinth capable of hiding them."

She smiled wickedly. Her face contorted into a nightmarish expression of pure rage and exhilaration.

"FREE. I'm finally FREE! Hahaha… I won't lose like I did last time. Even if I do, I'm taking all of them with me."

Uriel motioned with her hands, and a portal appeared at one of the many connecting paths to Hell Harbor.

Artorias growled. **They won't let you enter. You'll never make it to Hell Harbor, you damned butcher.**

Her vile expression hardened. "Who's going to stop me? Diablo? Heh. He's down for the count. The only one who can beat me now is Bael. That's why I'll take him out _first_."

The Archangel stepped through the portal and closed it behind her.

Silence filled the room. Not even a fly stirred.
