"Oh, most splendid, Your Holiness!" Roland gawked as they exited the hospital. The automatic opening glass doors once appeared as wizardry to him, but he'd already moved onto bigger things. "By the Forefathers! What are those giant square boxes?!"

Roland pointed across the street, and Jason chuckled. "Those are buildings, just like the hospital. Take a look behind you."

When Roland turned around and grasped the scale of the twenty-story hospital, his eyes bulged. "By the Forefathers!"

He said that a lot.

Phoebe quickly covered up her mouth to hide a smile. She was always careful to make sure it didn't seem like she was mocking Roland. "Oh, Your Grace, don't you suppose we should take mister Roland to the Core? We need to find out what the situation is on his homeworld."

Roland didn't register her words for a few moments. Instead, he gawked at a Salamander racing past with a Minotaur riding atop it. While it was an occurrence Jason had grown used to seeing, Roland wasn't accustomed to all the different species of monsters there on Tarus II. They'd convinced him that this planet was one where Gods and Humans intermixed, which seemed reasonable enough to satisfy his questions, but even the Harpy doctor had frightened him at first. He'd thought she was a human, one cursed with feathers and a beak.

When Roland finally comprehended Phoebe's words, he nodded quickly. "Oh, oh yes, of course. I should very much like to save anyone from my village, if possible, but..." He trailed off as the wonder and excitement drained from his face.

_I want to know what happened, but they're probably all dead. It doesn't matter now, anyway. Nothing but heartache awaits._ Roland thought.

Phoebe noticed his gloom and doom and winked at Jason. A moment later, she stepped out to the street and whistled. A small goblin came running up breathlessly from two blocks away, and when he arrived, he pulled out a pen and pad of paper. "Yes! Ready help you!"

She whispered something in his ear, and the short little monster grunted and jotted down a note. "Of course! Be back soon!"

After the lean-mean-green-bean dashed away, Phoebe walked back over, and Jason raised a questioning eyebrow. "What was that about?"

"You'll see."

They continued to stand out near the sidewalk until a few minutes later, when a rumbling in the distance caught Jason's ear. He immediately recognized it, as did Phoebe, but it wasn't until the sound became louder that it grabbed Roland's attention. He glanced fearfully to the rear of the hospital. "What is that?"

Neither of them answered, and after a few more seconds, the thing making the noise sputtered into view. It was the local bus, one of the things Jason had built to speed up transit around the city, though this one's route reached as far as the warp-gate.

Roland's eyes swelled into saucers as the wheeled metallic rectangle took a hard corner and turned around the lane, heading toward them. Roland grabbed for the sword at his side, only to awkwardly realize they hadn't given him one, so he instead ducked behind Jason. "Your Holiness! What is that?!"

"It's a bus, friend. Think of it like a horse made of metal. It will take us to the Core."

He nodded, but the distrust on his face was palpable. "It sounds like an angry lion!"

Phoebe glared at Jason. "Hmph."

The bus slowed to a stop in front of them, and the doors slid open to reveal one of the few Kobolds that lived on Tarus II. Most of them stayed in the Labyrinth, but a few friendlies hung out there. "Gargh! Hop on whenever yuh pleashe, mishter King, shir!"

Phoebe climbed the stairs and walked inside, but Roland hesitated. "Y-you expect me to enter the mouth of this beast?!"

Jason nodded and slapped the metal exterior with his hand. "This bad boy can fit _so_ many passengers. Treat it like a huge tool. It isn't alive at all. Come on, now; you've got a God with you! What do you think could hurt someone as powerful as me?"

Roland nodded, even as his eyes roved the bus. "I-it is as you say, Your Holiness."

He cautiously touched the first step, then started to enter, but the Kobold grinned at him, baring its teeth. "Take yer time! 'Aven't got uh thing tuh worry about with me ash yur driver, mishter hooman!"

Roland hesitated when he saw the vicious snarling mouth of the kobold, but Jason nudged him forward. "He won't bite, and if he does, I'll knock him out."

"If you say so."

...

Minutes later, the bus puttered down the streets toward a recently constructed bridge that divided each side of the canyon. However, the kobold driver spun them around and took them toward a smooth four-lane path meant for vehicles. Right now, the only things on the street were buses and pedestrians, but Jason figured that given enough time, there might be dozens or even hundreds of cars on the road.

The Crown of Solomon was a wondrous item. Other than the limits of his Wordsmithing, Jason could create devices of infinite intricacy and push Tarus II's technology lightyears ahead in exponential jumps. When they'd started, this planet had been scarcely at the Medieval level, and now it was rapidly becoming Industrial.

Still, Wordsmithing wasn't the be-all, end-all he sometimes imagined it to be. There was a limit to how much he could create, thanks to his internal magic capacity. _I have to think of a way to increase my limiter, or the Space Age may never happen._ Jason thought.

Roland, sitting across the aisle from Phoebe and Jason, stared outside as they passed varying monsters and humans of all different breeds and colors. "Your Holiness, forgive my limited imagination, but how is it that all these disparate people can work together when they are so different from one another? Do you not have to deal with infighting, greed, or cruelty?"

Jason shook his head. "In the world I came from, that was a daily struggle. However, monsters do not judge each other based on appearance, but on their merits. Humans, likewise, having to live among monsters, have forced themselves to focus less on appearances and more on the individual."

Jason's answer satisfied Roland, but as he looked away, a thought swelled in Jason's mind. _While that might be the case now, I can't say it will stay that way forever. I can only hope everyone continues to work together._ Jason thought.

An adage appeared in Jason's mind as the treeline approached. _Humanity always requires an adversary. We hunger for an enemy and will invent one if we must. If none can be created or found, then we will fade into nothingness._ Jason thought.

"What are you thinking about?" Phoebe asked. "Your expression is graver than usual."

The bus illuminated the forest around them with waves of sound, allowing Jason to take in all of the sights at once. "Oh, you know. Dumb, boring stuff."

...

Twenty minutes later, they arrived at their destination.

As he exited the bus, Roland yelled out in surprise. "By the Forefathers! Another Sacred Arch!" He pointed at the warp-gate and hopped up and down excitedly. "And look, monsters and humans are moving about inside!"

Jason nodded. "The Warp-Gate allows us to travel great distances in an instant. This one leads to what we call 'The Core,' which will have another gate that takes us back to your world."

Roland seemed to be growing accustomed to unfamiliar technology and things he hadn't seen before. If Jason had to guess, he must be filling in blank spots in his experience with an idea like, _Oh yes, that's just more strange magic!_

This time, he surprised Jason by quickly stepping through the portal before Phoebe and Jason. His eagerness to see his homeworld proved infectious. Once they stepped through, however, Jason smirked when they arrived on the other side to find him hunched over, moaning in pain and rubbing his ears. The air-pressure change could be quite a shock to the uninitiated.

Jason left Roland with Phoebe and jogged down to the arena below, past rows of computer terminals. Various monsters pointed him this way and that until he spotted Neil, identifying him by the odd 18th-century hat he liked to wear.

"Neil, long time no see."

He ignored Jason for a moment and muttered to the goblin sitting at the terminal in front of him, "No, not that way. You have to calculate the inverse. Try it again, but make sure you apply the parameters from B-24L."

The goblin nodded and started poking at the screen again. Neil lifted his head to look at Jason. "Ah, My Liege! A pleasure to see you up and moving! I heard you overexerted yourself and were undergoing bed rest."

Jason rubbed the back of his head sheepishly. "I was in a coma for three days."

Neil's face paled. "What?! Your condition was that serious?"

"Yeah, but no worries, I learned the hard way that my magic has limitations. I can't use it too much, and it doesn't increase the more I do. Unfortunate."

Neil wiped his face. "Yes... yes, I see. Well, it's good that you're back. I suppose you want me to brief you on what's occurred over the past few days?"

Jason shook his head. "Nah, you've got that covered pretty well. If you needed me, I'd know. I came here because I'm curious about Roland's world. You know, the fellow who was babbling incoherently."

"Oh." Neil's expression darkened. "We conducted several scans, but all results for life turned up inconclusive. Electrical storms plague the planet, and they aren't naturally occurring. I thought it best to disable our connection until you returned."

"Smart idea," Jason muttered. "Alright. Change one of the portals to that planet. Err, what's it called, again?"

He shrugged. "It's in the Espurn system, Espurn 03. Since it's the only habitable world, I decided to call it Espurn Prime."

"Works for me. Get a connection running. I'll grab Roland."

Jason turned and walked away, and as he headed over to Roland, he noticed him and Phoebe talking to Kar and Makoto Ueda. Makoto nodded politely and rubbed his hands together. "-course, I wouldn't blame you in the slightest, Roland-san. Hmm. It seems possible to me that your boys escaped, though we cannot say for certain. Mister Adams is the one who runs the Core, so he will know more about your world than I ever could."

Kar grunted. "Hurgh. We will do all in our power to help you find your family, Flappy Fish." He noticed Jason walking over. "Turtle! White-hair tells me that you were in a coma! How are you feeling now?"

"Fine, about as good as always. I overexerted myself using too much magic. It turns out I could die if I go overboard."

"Watch yourself, and stride forward with great caution, Hiro-sama." Makoto bowed slightly. "Magic is not something to trifle with."

"Oh, you know a thing or two about it?"

He nodded. "Of course, as does Mister Adams, Miss Berthold, and all of the humans who lived under Mistress Bahamut's influence. Miss Berthold, for example, can sense the presence of magic nearby."

Jason glanced at Phoebe. "You can?"

She shrugged and looked at Makoto. "I can?"

"Yes, yes, of course! You've done it before but just haven't realized it. Putting your life on the line under His Majesty, King Arthur, would surely have strengthened your spiritual connection to new heights. Bahamut's power increased it further." Makoto gently touched his forehead. "Should you ever wish to explore your inner wells of spirituality, seek me out."

Jason chuckled. "Funny you mention that. The doctor recommended I seek out a magic tutor. The universe is full of coincidences."

"Very few coincidences, most likely fate," Makoto replied with a sagely twinkle in his eye.

The sound of footsteps behind Jason made him turn his attention to Neil as he walked over. "Uh, My Liege... a moment of your time?"

Jason excused himself and sighed, walking back to Neil. "That was fast. I expected it'd take you a few minutes to open the gate."

Despite Jason's pleasant smile, Neil didn't return the expression. "L-listen... err... about... about that world... there's a problem."

"A problem? Like what?"

Neil gestured to the computer screen. "Take a look."

Jason allowed a few seconds to pass before replying, "Man, you _know_ I can't read computer screens... right?"

............................................

The screams of pain around Diablo caused his stomach to clench. He paced through the darkened Labyrinthian hallways, and Bael stomped along behind him.

"Diablo, where'd they stick him?" Bael asked.

"The blood pits. It will take months to heal his wounds unless Belial shows up." Diablo swallowed hard as the smell of healing salts and rotten flesh filled the air.

The healing chambers were a vile place. The few demons capable of restoring life congregated nearby, but demonic magic was meant for taking life, not treating it. Broken stone benches and scratches all over the walls told tales of demons who had lashed out in pain and torn apart anything in sight. Blind rage tended to be the trait many of them shared.

Diablo stopped before the main chamber, one which branched off into dozens of rooms and tunnels, stairs leading up and down, and a pulley system for raising and lowering the wounded through various levels to get them where they were most needed. A female scream pierced the din, and several voices rushed to quiet her so that she didn't disturb the other patients. Diablo could only imagine the suffering she was enduring.

An imp noticed Diablo and skittered over. "E-Emperor Diablo! A pleasure to see you, your wickedness! How may I serrrve you today? Nyehehe!"

"Where's the Duke of Steel?"

The imp's sneer vanished. "Ohh, you're here about _him_. Hooo boy. Uhh, I'll get Hellga."

The imp skittered off to grab the magistrate of the Primary Chamber, a crotchety old demon as old as Agares. Her ire was something few wished to draw, in case they ever got injured and ended up under her care. While she would heal anyone's wounds without bias... her interest in treating a patient's injuries _gently_ would depend on how they'd sweet-talked her over the years.

Bael sneaked over to one of the rooms where a Skarnskin draped over the entrance, but before he could sneak a peek at whoever was inside, Diablo hissed at him. "Bael! Mind your manners! It's dishonorable to gaze upon a demon at their weakest!"

The Duke of Pain bowed his head sheepishly. "Oh. Uh. Sorry." He lumbered back over to Diablo, scratching his ass all the while. "It's funny to startle them, though."

"One of these days you'll probably end up in here. Show respect to others so they will respect you." Diablo waved his hand at him flippantly. "Nobody likes a dunce."

Bael was unconvinced. "I doubt there's anyone left in the universe that could hurt this perfect body! Check me out! Wargh! Raww!" He pounded his chest to show off his incredible strength, so Diablo infused a decent amount of magic into his hand.

"There are Emperors above you, idiot." Saying this, Diablo slapped his palm into Bael's chest and bashed him against the floor, driving the wind out of his body.

"Kuhk!" Bael waved to swat his hand away, but Diablo had already pulled back. Watching him writhe on the floor made Diablo smile for a moment, taking his mind off the sorrow he felt. "Buh-bastard! I wasn't prepared! Tuh-tricked me!!"

"No matter how strong you are, having zero magic means I'll always defeat you. Keep that in mind next time you decide to embarrass me in public."

Diablo ignored the oaf rolling about on the ground. The sound of clacking platform shoes caught his ear. Up ahead, the old bat appeared from around the corner, her bedraggled grey hair and toothless scowl displaying her annoyance openly for all to see.

"Ah, beautiful Hellga, it's been a while."

She glared at Diablo. "Flattery will get you nowhere. Whaddya want? I was busy cleaning the Skarn droppings out of a kobold's insides. Damned fool thought they were food pellets!"

Diablo's lip curled up slightly. "That's... wonderful. I need to see Barbatos. Can you direct me to his blood pit?"

Her disgust vanished. Melancholy replaced it. "Ah, him. So that's why the little skeever kept pestering me. Follow me."

_Barbatos must be in critical condition._ Diablo thought.

Bael staggers into place behind Diablo, still clutching his chest. He didn't say anything, but Diablo felt his glare burning the back of his head.

...

It took them twenty minutes to navigate the maze of chambers and rooms, mostly because of Hellga. She didn't handle stairs as well as she used to, and she frequently stopped to check on patients as they walked. When Diablo asked if they could get a move on, she glared at him. "It ain't like Barbatos will be going anywhere for a long time, boyo."

Finally, they arrived at the Blood Pits. So-named because of the mass of human blood poured into hollowed out pits in the ground, they were the best healing that demons had access to, barring someone of Belial's healing talents. She was an extreme rarity, given she could treat nearly any wound with magic. Her power bordered on the Angelic, since it was a standard ability that most Angels and Gods used to possess.

Until they'd killed them all, that is.

Hellga pulled a Skarnskin away from the door. "Keep it short. Don't bother talking. He's incoherent."

When Diablo entered, his foot clumsily bumped a large, steel boot. The clanking it created made him flinch, and then he spotted all the other armor pieces lying around the room: a shinguard, helmet, gauntlets, and all manner of other demonstone armor designed to absorb damage.

Bael paused behind Diablo and leaned down. "Boss."

Diablo turned back to see what he was pointing out. It was Barbatos's chestplate. There was a fist-sized hole torn straight through its middle.

"Seven Hells."

Continuing forth, Diablo arrived in the pit chamber, where the smell of iron-rich blood made his tongue salivate. Human souls powered demons, while their blood healed them. A beautiful, symbiotic relationship.

The sound of choked breathing caught Diablo's attention. He looked down and spotted Barbatos lying in the blood, most of his body except for his head submerged. Hundreds of scratches and scars lined his face, and based on a small bit of his shoulder poking up through the blood, it was in similar condition.

Bael whistled quietly. "So that's what the harlot did to him. He looks like shit."

Diablo shook his head. "Those are all old scars. He suffered those when he transformed into a Duke."

_I remember when we first found him. During the War in Heaven, the deadliest extinction event in demon history, the little fool found a dying archangel and devoured her body. Her holy energy caused him endless suffering over the millennia. He's lucky he survived._ Diablo thought.

_Or maybe he isn't. He doesn't complain anymore, but it took several hundred years before he could walk without assistance. He suffers every moment of every day — the most pitiful of all demons._ Diablo thought.

A hiss from the other side of the room made Diablo flinch. He looked up to see Mephisto peeking at them from one of the sleeping cubbies. "Let Barbatosss sssleep. Come over here and keep your voicesss down."

Diablo nodded. He and Bael walked over to the Duke of Mist, who pulled a skin across the entry to muffle their voices somewhat. "I didn't expect Barbatos to end up this mangled. You fought the Black Witch?"

Mephisto, apparently unharmed, bowed his head. "Yesss. Twasss a battle of the agesss. Asss you may know, Agaresss expired."

Diablo swallowed hard. "Yes. I never thought I'd see the day when the old man would meet the ancient demons. I can scarcely believe it."

"It wasss a warrior'sss death." Mephisto slinked off the bed and stood to face Bael and Diablo. "Barbatosss held on asss long asss posssible. He usssed every one of his powersss but couldn't ssstop her."

"I heard as much," Bael muttered. He glanced at Diablo. "Tell him."

"We notified the Overlords, Mephisto. That dead rock exists no more."

Mephisto's eyes widened. "They dessstroyed the planet? What about Agaresss body?"

"We couldn't recover him. I sealed the planet and made sure the Black Witch couldn't escape. Even if she survived its destruction, she wouldn't be a threat anymore. Let her freeze in the vacuum of space forever for all I care. A fitting end."

Mephisto closed his eyes and looked away. "Agaresss wasss one of our bessst Dukesss. I will sssleep well knowing he wasss put to ressst honorably."

"It's what he'd have wanted," Diablo whispered. "I feel awful for Beelzebub. I haven't told him what happened, yet."

Bael lightly slapped his chest and looked away, a sign of grief. "He's a sturdy lad. I know he'll stand firm for his mentor. Try to tell him softly, Diablo."

Sighing, Diablo pulled back the flap to gaze at Barbatos. "We've all lost someone dear. Let us hope we don't count a second brother among the fallen."