Part 618: Escape!
Part 618: Escape!

January 15th, 2021. 4AM. Illuminati Haven.

Two guards outside the Haven stood at attention, one on each side of the entry gate. The silence of the waning night had begun to fade, and the faint glow of dawn had begun to emerge. The two soldiers looked from left to right, always alert. With the arrival of the first Trueborn in decades, they could not afford to slack off.

They did not speak to one another. Cameras swiveled back and forth overhead, searching the jungle for heat signatures and other hostile blips. Each of the guards hefted heavy rifles capable of blasting holes through the bodies of all but the most durable of Dukes. Against Demon Emperors, they might not kill them, but they'd likely cause some pain before the guards met their end.

A bird chirped to the right, causing both guards to snap their eyes in that direction. Reflexively, they took aim with their rifles and narrowed their eyes, looking for the 'creature' that may have made the noise. They were all too familiar with demon tricks, and knew there were all sorts of esoteric and frightening demonic abilities that could easily fool their mundane human minds.

The rightmost guard continued to look to the right, but the left guard instead turned to look in the opposite direction. He realized if something did make a noise, it could have been a distraction to sneak up on the opposite side.

Hardly had he turned his head to look, when a figure suddenly emerged out of nothing, as if revealing itself by stepping through a crack between dimensions. The guard's eyes widened. He started to open his mouth, to shout, to alert his comrade, but the figure lifted its arm and pointed something at his face.

Before he could react, his vision went black, and he collapsed on the ground.

The sound of his body hitting the dirt was enough to draw the attention of the other guard. He quickly swiveled around, only to catch sight of a humanoid figure wearing a black business suit, and a white mask with strange markings he couldn't make out in the dim light of dawn.

An instant later, his vision went black too. He collapsed under the attack of the silent weapon his attacker shot at him.

The attacker smiled under his mask.

"Step one, complete. Let's do the rest right this time."

---

**[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7_5XhpDy0A)**

Inside the Haven, all was quiet. The fall of the guards outside didn't set off any alarm bells. Every fifteen minutes, the command center would ping each pair of guards on the premises, getting the secret code-word for their patrol. When they pinged the exterior guards, they received the all-clear without hesitation.

The mysterious mask-wearing attacker grabbed the wrist of the first guard. He placed the guard's hand on the control panel to activate it with his palm print, then he lifted the guard's head up to scan his iris.

Finally, the vocal component of the entryway came up. The suited man leaned over the mic and spoke, his voice changing to perfectly mimic the guard's voice, despite never actually speaking before.

"Jericho-9-0-2."

The gate silently slid open. The man smiled under his mask. He dropped the guard and meandered inside.

Seemingly an idiot, he waltzed right past multiple cameras, as if not caring at all. Despite this, at the exact moment he entered each camera's path, the person looking at that particular camera happened to look away, either to examine another camera's image, or to take a sip of their coffee, or to speak to a coworker.

Coincidentally, time after time, the masked man paused for half a breath, then walked forward, carefully timing his walking motions while occasionally glancing at a wristwatch that displayed not only the minutes and seconds, but even a rolling number of milliseconds as well.

After breaching the base, the masked man casually strolled toward the secondary entrance leading downward. He took a coin out of his pocket and flicked it up into the air. The coin sailed noiselessly into the darkness of dawn, where it loudly clinked against a metal trash can, causing several people nearby to jump in alarm and turn to look at it.

As if playing a stealth video game on easy mode, the masked man walked right behind the people while their backs were turned. Someone else happened to walk inside right before he did, so he slipped through the entry door behind them, pressed a device to the back of their head, and pulled the trigger.

Their body hit the floor right as the door closed, muffling the noise.

The masked man paused for half a breath. His body blurred slightly, and he mumbled under his breath, "One-one-four, right, left, six seconds..."

He brusquely grabbed the person laying in front of him by their shirt collar, dragged them past three sets of doors, took a right and a left, then tossed the person inside. He silently shut the door, then he began to do something extremely bizarre.

He moonwalked backward, ducking his body as he passed by a window. Coincidentally, at that very moment, someone turned their head to look outside, but they failed to notice the intruder doing an odd Michael Jackson impression just below their field of view.

As if listening to some invisible tune, the intruder began dancing while he walked, bending his body in odd ways, slipping around doorways, dodging one person after another, always evading their line of sight as if he were able to predict the future. Like a ghost, he entered the second level of the Haven, then the third without tripping a single alarm. Nobody saw him even once, save for the guards outside, who remained comatose, unable to move.

Abruptly, the masked man paused as he came up to a door with a numerical keypad.

"Fuck. This is gonna be a pain."

His body blurred. Three seconds passed. His position seemed to remain unmoving, but after those three seconds, he leaned forward and typed in a 12-digit number.

_1-1-7-9-5-4-2-7-6-1-2-0_

The door beeped once, then slid open.

As it opened, the masked man's shoulders slumped. "Fucking hell. _Fuck._ I'd better not have to do that again. At least the digit only started with 'one' this time."

He cursed under his breath, then slipped deeper into the facility.

Not five minutes after first waltzing in the front door, he smoothly arrived at his ultimate destination. He poked his head out of a doorway and glanced down the hallway outside, where he saw a young woman, only twenty or so years old, standing guard outside a seemingly ordinary room.

The man's body blurred for a moment, then he reached into his pocket and pulled out a small walkie-talkie looking device and spoke into it.

"Natalie, this is Claire. Is the Trueborn still sleeping?"

Natalie Summers blinked. She reached up to touch her earpiece, then looked off to the side, in the opposite direction the intruder happened to be standing.

"He is, ma'am. Is something the matter?"

"Yes." The man said, his voice coming out a perfect recreation of Claire's. "I've just received word that he needs to pay Bloodworks a visit. Please enter his dormitory and wake him up. Get him down here, immediately. His life is in peril."

Natalie's eyebrows shot up in alarm. "Of course. I'm on my way."

She hurriedly turned around and typed in a series of numbers on the door's control panel, numbers the intruder recorded with relative ease. The moment she entered the room, he stepped into the hallway and darted toward the room. His shoes silently struck the ground, far too quietly despite striking hard tiles that should have made at least a slight clicking noise.

Natalie stepped into the room. "Jason-"

She started to speak, but at that moment, something pressed against the back of her head, and her vision turned black. She collapsed to the ground, but the intruder quickly leaned forward to catch her, allowing her to lay down without suffering a dangerous fall.

Jason Hiro awoke with a start. His heart turned cold as Natalie abruptly woke him up, then fell over, a man in a black dress suit appearing behind her.

"What the fuck?!" Jason exclaimed. He had barely even woken up, and already, he felt his life was in existential danger!

In the darkness of his room, Jason couldn't pick up on many details. All he could tell was that the intruder looked to be a male, relatively muscular, wearing a black dress suit and... was that a mask? A Japanese mask? And why did it have the image of a cat painted on it?

"Who-?" Jason started to ask, but before he could get the words out, the masked man held up three fingers.

"Firstly: I'm not here to hurt you. I'm here to rescue you." The man said, his voice gruff. "Secondly, you may call me 'Cat Mask.' Thirdly: The Illuminati are not your allies. You are right to suspect them. If you want to live free, come with me."

Jason blinked twice. He stared at the man, his mouth agape.

"I-"

"Your clothes are over there. And no, Natalie isn't dead. She's just unconscious. I have a weapon that can induce an abrupt shock to any human's cerebral cortex. It's non-lethal, but only works at short range. Now hurry up and put your pants on. We have seven minutes and fourteen seconds before all hell breaks loose here."

Jason nodded dumbly. His first instinct was not to trust this person, but something about his cool confidence made Jason faintly want to believe in him. More importantly, Jason was already planning to escape. Wasn't this timing... just too good??

Without delay, Jason grabbed a pair of pants. He threw them on, looking at Natalie with a hint of worry, but luckily she didn't appear injured. She simply lay unmoving, her chest rising and falling as if having entered a deep sleep.

Carefully, Jason stepped over her, but couldn't help looking back at her one last time...

"Relax. The pretty girl will be just fine." Cat Mask said with a quiet chuckle. "Now, follow my lead. If I tell you to duck your head, you duck it, got it? We'll be out of here in four minutes and sixteen seconds if everything works out just the way I've planned."

Jason nodded dumbly. "Alright.."

He followed along behind Cat Mask as they power-walked down the hallway Cat Mask came from. Periodically, Cat Mask would do something bizarre, like moonwalking while bending forward, but each of those time, Jason just crawled along the ground. He felt like an idiot compared to Cat Mask's cool and smooth moves.

Two minutes passed. The two of them made it up to the first floor, and Cat Mask abruptly paused. His body blurred for a moment, something Jason had grown used to seeing, though he had no idea what the hell the man was doing.

Suddenly, Cat Mask pulled a walkie-talkie device out of his pocket. He spoke into it, his voice changing to a familiar feminine one.

"All personnel, this is Claire Rothschild speaking. The Trueborn has gone missing. He has attacked his handler and is presumed to be attempting an escape. Immediately surround the second and third levels. Keep an eye out for him. Under no circumstances are you to use lethal force."

Jason blinked. He was internally shocked beyond belief! Cat Mask had perfectly replicated Claire's voice... _but how_? And wouldn't sending the base into high alert compromise their mission?!

Cat Mask looked at Jason for half a beat. "Relax. I've done this a thousand times. We just have to wait eight more seconds, then we'll get moving."

Cat Mask glanced down at his wristwatch. Exactly seven seconds later, he stepped out of the doorway on the first floor right as a pair of men ran past. Jason tensed up, but the two men were so distracted that they didn't notice Cat Mask and Jason emerging from right behind them.

What coincidental timing!

Silently, Cat Mask weaved his way around barrels and boxes stacked around the top level of the base, just outside. He led Jason to the exterior gate, and they walked right in front of the cameras, causing Jason to fear someone might have seen him. But what he did not know was that at that very moment, the guard assigned to check that camera had looked away to comb the level 2 and 3 cameras instead, just barely missing Jason and Cat Mask as they walked past.

After stepping outside the Haven's walls, Cat Mask's breathing sped up. He quickly gestured.

"Come on, kid. We'll have to run, now. I've got a quad outside waiting to pick us up. Let's move it!"

Jason nodded. He didn't know how the hell they were going to escape the entire Illuminati on a freaking ATV, but anything was better than just standing around, waiting for rescue. He and Cat Mask both started jogging as they disappeared into the woods. Along the way, Jason spotted several fallen guards who were supposed to be patrolling the woods. Clearly, Cat Mask had taken them down before he even drew close to the base.

Ten minutes later, they slid down the side of a shallow ravine. Before them, there was an open area nestled inside a natural bowl-like part of the hillside. Jason looked left and right, but he didn't see any sort of escape vehicle.

"We're here." Cat Mask said, retrieving a remote from his pocket.

He pressed a button, and Jason's jaw nearly hit the ground.

A small helicopter, made of a shiny silvery material he guessed was platinum, greeted his eyes. The copter did not have rotors on its top, but instead it was built like a hovercraft with one internal rotor on each of its four 'corners', made for stealth operations. Just by looking at it, Jason had a sudden hunch, a guess that frightened him to his core.

_This copter... it's way more advanced than anything I've ever seen!_ Jason exclaimed internally. _This looks like some kind of air vehicle pulled from fifty years in the future! Or is this a top-secret government copter? Something even the US Air Force would keep under lock and key? Just who the hell is this guy?!_

Cat Mask hopped into the pilot's seat. Jason climbed in beside him via the co-pilot's door.

As the doors closed behind them, Cat Mask turned his whole head to look at Jason.

"Don't touch anything. I mean it. Don't press even one button. I know you want to. _Don't._ We have one minute and forty-seven seconds to escape this airspace. Just sit still, and this will all be over."

Jason nodded. "Okay..."

Cat Masks's body blurred again. Each time it happened, Jason grew more and more confused. What exactly was happening whenever Cat Mask did that?

Jason secretly guessed this guy wasn't a human at all. Maybe he was a demon, or even an angel. Could he be one of the Lowborn? Could that be why he was so incredible at infiltration? Maybe he had some powerful ability that was able to allow him to evade even a monolith as powerful as the Illuminati.

The quad-copter lifted off. Jason shifted in his seat as he felt a few G's pull his stomach into his ass.

Then, the copter turned invisible and shot off into the darkened sky.

"We're not in the clear yet." Cat Mask said, after they had traveled a mile or two. "Hold your questions until I give the OK. The Illuminati have aerial assets they can deploy. They can also call on the local Air Force bases if need be."

Jason's eyes flickered with insight. _So this guy isn't with the Air Force? Is he not even part of the US Government?_

"No, I'm not." Cat Mask said, startling Jason. "I'm a lone agent. Unaffiliated with any other group."

Jason's jaw dropped. "You can read-?!"

"Nope. Not a telepath." Cat Mask simply said. "Now, hold the questions."

Jason bit his tongue. His mind swirled as he thought of a thousand other questions he wanted to ask. Every time Cat Mask spoke, it simply added another layer to the mystery surrounding him.

Just who the hell WAS this guy?!

Minutes later, Cat Mask sagged in the pilot's chair. He exhaled deeply.

"Mission success. Attempts: Seven hundred and fourteen thousand, nine hundred, sixteen."

Jason scrunched up his face. "Huh? Attempts?"

To his surprise, Cat Mask looked at him for a moment.

Then, he reached up and pulled off the mask, revealing his face underneath.

Jason looked at the man's true visage. He was surprised to see that, despite his deeply American way of speaking, Cat Mask was actually a blonde haired Asian man. Korean? Japanese? Jason thought he looked more Japanese than anything else.

The man had narrow eyebrows and a faint mustache. He was relatively clean-shaven, and only looked to be in his 40's. Not old by any means, but certainly a bit advanced in age.

"Hey, Jason." Cat Mask said, smiling at him. "You really screwed things up for me again. Haha..."

Jason frowned. "Do I know you?"

Cat Mask's expression slumped a little. He looked away.

"You did. Once. Or Twice. Or even a thousand times. But it was never destined to work out. That's why I had to leave you behind when you were a kid. It's been eating me up, all this time."

Jason's heart plunged into his shoes. A cold, icy feeling swelled within his chest.

"W-what...? You... you're not... you _can't_ be?"

"Yeah. I am. It's me." The man said. "I'm Hideki. Hideki Hiro. I'm your father, Jason."

Silence filled the cockpit. Jason stared at the man claiming to be his father. His eyes trembled.

"You... my... father? No. That's not... my father died. When I was... and my mom, too."

Hideki pursed his lips. As the copter flew, he lowered his eyes.

"I tried to save her. So many times. I went to medical school for hundreds of years. I went back again and again. I did everything I could. But always... she died during childbirth. And she wouldn't let me undo your birth. She told me I had to raise you well. To make sure you grew up and lived a good life."

Hideki chuckled humorlessly.

"In the end, I couldn't even do that much. The fate of the Earth was at stake. I had it all planned out... everything had to proceed according to one path. You would end up in that cryopod and be saved, someday returning to restore humanity, long after my death."

Hideki looked at Jason, an indescribable emotion in his eyes.

"This was supposed to be the last rewind. Everything was all set up. So, Jason... how the HELL did you end up falling into the Illuminati's clutches?! Nothing like that should have ever happened! I accounted for EVERY variable!"

Jason blinked. He pulled away from Hideki, his own confusion mixing with anger and disbelief. "YOU wanted me to be in the cryopod? You?? But- no wait, why would you abandon me? What's this about 'rewinding'? What in the hell is even going on right now?!"

Hideki coughed. He looked out the window and adjusted course slightly.

"Right. Sometimes I forget that I have to re-explain everything every single time. It gets tiring after a while. Luckily I've become the most patient Sentient in all the universe or I'd have gone insane millions of years ago."

Hideki cleared his throat. He continued to look out the window as he spoke.

"I am a Hero, Jason. A Trueborn Hero, just like you. Due to a variety of extenuating circumstances, my Heroic potential passed on to you as a child, and you became capable of great feats. As for me, my power is simple. I am a temporal manipulator. I can speed up or slow down my perception of time, and I can rewind time to any point in the past, provided that moment is not before my 16th birthday when my powers awakened."

Cat Mask's smile turned dour. "I have rewound time more times than you can imagine. I am far older than the oldest living Volgrim. My age even compares to the oldest living Titans at this point. I've seen things you wouldn't believe..."

Jason coughed. "You can rewind time?! Holy shit! That's amazing! But what's this about 'Volgrim?'? I'm going to die of shock-induced heart attacks at this rate!"

Cat Mask chuckled. "It's funny. You say something similar every time we have these discussions. Ah, how some things never change..."