Part 150.5: The Illusory Realm
Part 150.5: The Illusory Realm

**Author's note: This part is effectively the finishing point of the previous part. Due to the character limit, I had to cut 150 off prematurely. Therefore, I'm marking it 150.5 instead of 151. Cheers!**

---

Raphael and Satan clash for the fiftieth time. Once again, the Devil attacks the eldest Archangel furiously, only for Raphael's illusion to evaporate into the air. Satan jerks his head around and spots a new Raphael standing twenty feet away. "Stop with the tricks, grandpa! Lemme stick you in a coffin already; you dried up husk!"

Raphael doesn't smile. He appears winded, and the beads of sweat on his face betray his exhaustion. "Tell me, Satan... what technique allowed thee to escape the Cosmic Realm?"

"Are you still on about that?! You're a real hoot!"

Satan lashes his vectors at Raphael, but the old man merely takes a step backward, escaping the invisible limbs' maximum attack range. Because of his status and age, he already knows many things about the Vectors, including their strengths and weaknesses.

_Satan,_ Samael says, appearing in Satan's mind. _Do not allow my brother to trick thee. He hides his real body elsewhere, somewhere nearby. His astral projections and substitutions consume a significant amount of mana. Thou may attack them all day to wear him down, but the time cost will be enormous. Thy troops require assistance._

"Hmph," Satan mutters under his breath. "You think I don't know that? If the old man's hiding, where will I find him? It's an open plain, for devil's sake!"

_There are many cherubs in the skies. Raphael might choose to blend in with them._

"Not a chance. Your Vectors already scanned the chickens above us. He ain't up there."

_Thou art likely correct. The second possibility is that he may have buried himself underground._

"Oh?"

Satan glances at the soft, torn-up soil surrounding him. Despite the millions of demons and angels battling, all the combatants intentionally gave the two faction leaders a wide berth, leaving a vast, arena-like circle around Satan and Raphael.

"Tch. There's an awful lot of underground here, though. What's the range on the old man's astral projection?"

Samael's expression darkens. _Several miles._

"What?! Several miles- you stupid shit!"

Satan hisses angrily at the Archangel inside him, causing Raphael to raise an eyebrow.

_Hm? Why does the Devil argue with himself? Especially in the middle of battle, 'tis quite the bizarre sight._

Enraged, Satan leaps at Raphael's projection again. This time, when he strikes the old man, clear frustration erupts on Satan's face. "You're starting to piss me off, old man! Where the fuck are you?!"

As Satan's Vectors connect with Raphael, something shocking happens. Satan strikes solid matter. His Vector rips through Raphael's body, spraying blood out of the old man's back.

Satan jerks back, and his eyes widen in disbelief. Raphael's pupils shrink as he gazes in horror at the invisible arm protruding through his stomach.

"A... ah... how...?"

It takes Satan three whole seconds before his mind starts thinking thoughts again. "Huh? Did I get him? Ha... haha! Hahahaha!! What a shocker! I can't believe I did it! Your time's up, grandpa!"

Cackling with glee, the Devil pounces upon Raphael. In the blink of an eye, Satan crushes Raphael's head with his hands, spraying the Archangel's brains in every direction. Satan laughs maniacally as he waits for the power of the Archangel to surge inside of him.

"Hahahaha!! I killed the leader of the angels! I finally did it!!"

From within Satan's mind, Samael speaks. Concern laces his voice. _Nay. Something isn't right. That attack should not have- ah! By the Creator! Thou hath fallen into my brother's trap!_

Samael's voice trembles as the Archangel of Change rapidly pieces together what happened. A moment later, Raphael materializes beside Satan, a huge grin on his face.

"Ohoho! How unfortunate, young devil! By lowering thy mental defenses, thou hath allowed me to yank thy mind into the Illusory Realm! Ah, such is the folly of youth!"

Satan's mind blanks out again. "The Illusory Realm?! What are you up to now, old bat?! I ain't falling for any of your tricks! Not this time!"

Raphael's grin deepens. A moment later, his face shifts into Michael's. Raphael's disgusting grin appears even more horrific on the face of the Archangel of Courage. "Illusions are a fickle thing, my boy. Once thy frustrations boiled over, I took control of thy sensory organs. Now, thou art dancing in my grasp! Beware, lest ye enter the second Illusory Realm! I assure thee, escape becomes quite impossible once one reaches the third."

Revulsion fills Samael's voice. _No... no... no... my brother's ultimate technique! Satan, we must break free of Raphael's spell. Thou art only trapped within the first Realm. The second will cause thee to doubt thy senses, but the third... the third will shatter thy mind! Nobody can survive it!_

Satan punches Raphael, but the old man turns into mist again. "I can survive anything! I'm immortal!"

Raphael speaks softly, his voice surrounding Satan from all sides. "Self-regenerating, yes. Immortal, nay. None are truly immortal. All beings can, and likely will, die. Where there is a beginning, there is an end."

Suddenly, ten copies of Raphael materialize around Satan. Each of them charges the Devil, and when Satan smirks and starts to scatter them into the wind, his heart gets a jolt as several of the Archangel's clones explode into blood and gore. Two of them skip past Satan's defenses and land their blows, knocking Satan for a loop and tossing him into the dirt.

"What?! These guys ain't illusions, but flesh and blood bodies?!"

Satan plants his Vectors in the dirt and launches himself in the sky. However, as he soars through the air, Raphael materializes in front of him with a fist held at the ready.

_CRACK!_

Raphael catches the Devil by surprise and lands a decisive punch, knocking Satan out of the air and punting him back to the ruddied soil below. Satan collides with the dirt and grinds to a stop, bewilderment on his face.

_The First Illusory Realm allows Raphael's illusions to manifest into reality,_ Samael explains. _My brother's soul is far stronger than any other being. His illusions work by infecting the soul of his opponent and gradually wearing them down. Each illusory strike attacks thy soul, not thy body. Thy wounds are nonexistent, but over time, thy mind shall surely shatter._

Satan gnashes his teeth. He mutters under his breath, "Why didn't you bring this up sooner? I should kill myself to regenerate from scratch."

Samael sighs. _That will not allow thee to escape. Thy own soul is different from those consumed by thy power. My brother's ultimate technique has only one weakness, in that it will take some time to cripple thy soul. However, once it does, thy death will become assured._

"Tch. So you're saying I... I could actually die? Permanently?"

Samael's voice lowers and becomes almost a whisper.

_Aye._

Satan stares at Raphael for a moment, then wipes blood off his lip.

"Heh. So be it. Always did love a good challenge."

Satan switches to defense. Raphael's clones appear much more frequently, sometimes with slightly altered versions of his face, but other times they change to entirely different angels and demons.

"Thou received quite the mental shock a few years ago!" One of Raphael's clones yells as he fires a weak bolt of holy energy. Satan easily dodges it, but in doing so, he jumps right into the arms of a clone of Uzziel. The Uzziel clone aims several vines at Satan and binds his legs, causing him to trip and fall. She continues speaking, instead of the Raphael clone. "Hercules spoke of thy mate perishing at the hands of Valac! I can only imagine how devastated thou must have felt!"

Satan snarls. "Don't you dare talk about Nerissa in front of me, you wrinkled prune!" He rips the Uzziel clone to shreds with his Vectors, but immediately, another one reforms several feet away, laughing into her palm.

_Do not react to Raphael's provocations,_ Samael warns Satan. _My brother is many things, but a mind-reader is not among them. He can only piece together information given to him from various sources, including thy replies to his illusions. The more Raphael learns about thee, the more holes he can poke in thy soul._

Satan reaches down and tries to pull apart the weeds wrapping around his legs, but their iron-like grip stumps him. "Gahh!! If this Uzziel isn't the real one, how are her powers working on me?! These vines are even tougher than the real deal!"

_Raphael's illusions grow in power once thou entereth the first Illusory Realm. Before, he could only make faint apparitions in the air to provoke thee. Now, their power comes from thy own imagination._

Satan pauses to stare at the vines coiled around his leg. "What... what do you mean? These vines ain't real?"

_Nay. They are merely an illusion. In reality, my brother seized up thy legs by infiltrating the pathways of thy mind. The vines are his way of deceiving thee. Thou shalt tear at them endlessly, but only by removing the source of his illusions can thou escapeth their restraints._

"Spawn of a broodmother..."

Satan trails off. He raises his head and stares at the giggling Uzziel clone, while several emotions pass over his face. "How do I break Raphael's control?"

_There are three main methods. First, thou coulds't attempt to cleanse thy soul of his corruption. I could perform such a feat by using my magic, but t'would take too long, and it would require thee to stand perfectly still. Second, if thou could locate his main body and kill it, the illusions would stop. Over time, the damage to thy soul would heal. Such is the most optimal path. Third, thou could attempt to combat my brother's soul directly, destroying it before he destroys thine. The only problem is..._

Samael trails off for a moment.

_...My brother's soul is the mightiest in the universe. Such a tactic would prove impossible. Engaging in direct combat with his soul would result in a swift death for thee. However, there is a fourth possibility._

"Yeah? What's that?"

_Flee. If thou escapeth the range of my brother's illusions, they will cease to affect thee. This method will only succeed during the first illusory realms, but not the second and third, since thy body will become immobile and helpless._

Satan snorts. "Oh, _sure_. Run away with my tail tucked between my legs. How about _no_? I'll find Raphael's main body and rip his head off. That sounds much more fun!"

A few moments pass. The Devil closes his eyes and focuses on the stirrings within his mind. Soon, the vines wrapping around his legs collapse into dust. He jumps to his feet and sways around for a moment before regaining his balance.

"Yo! Raphael! Where are you hiding, grandpa? I'm comin' for ya!"

"We're right here," Three of Raphael's clones say in unison. Each of them sports a different expression. The one on the left smiles creepily, while the middle one stares blankly, and the rightmost one frowns. "It seems thou have uncovered a method for breaking my illusions. Unfortunately, once inside the first Realm, the chances of breaking free are null. Many have tried and failed, and thou are not special in the slightest."

The Raphael on the right narrows his eyes and glares at Satan suspiciously. "One thing is bothering me, Satan. Breaking free of those vines wasn't something just anyone could do. Luck? A stroke of brilliance? Perhaps... something else? Thou hath been speaking to someone for a while now. Who is it?"

Satan growls in his throat. "Wouldn't you like to know!"

He pounces at Raphael and tears apart the three clones, but the moment he finishes, his head starts to swim. The bloodied corpses of Raphael's illusions linger, giving the impression that they were real flesh and blood bodies.

_I warned thee already!_ Samael growls. _Do not allow my brother to antagonize thy mind! His soul is far mightier than thine. If thou shoulds't enter the Second Realm..._

"I know, I know!"

Veins bulge on Satan's forehead. He curls up his lips and releases a fraction of his rage, but directs most of it at himself instead of Samael. Satan's punches the ground in frustration before raising his head to look for the next set of apparitions. 

"If killing one of these phantoms will only hurt me, then maybe you were right after all. Maybe fleeing is my best option."

Samael's voice tightens. _During the Primordial Era, my brother's mana reserves were a million times greater than now. His range was too vast for any to escape his clutches. For now, I highly recommend it._

"Fine. I'll escape, and then-"

Satan starts to run away, but as he speaks, his right leg plunges over the edge of an embankment, into a deep lake, startling him. The Devil trips and falls forward, splashing into the body of water without being able to stop himself.

"Bloody hell! Where the fuck did this come from?!"

He quickly turns and swims toward the embankment to pull himself up, but as he does, his strength diminishes rapidly.

_By the Creator... Satan. Thou hath entered the second Illusory Realm! This lake is false, borne from thy memories and experiences._

Satan grabs the grass at the edge of the water and gasps as he struggles to pull himself up. "Rrrrgh! False?! You've gotta be shitting me..."

The Devil arrives on solid land, but his entire body increases in weight, as if several millstones were yanking him to the ground. With great effort, he manages to lift himself to a standing position.

"Gotta... gotta get away..." Satan mumbles. He blinks his eyes, and they begin to droop as a strange sense of exhaustion overtakes him. "Fuck. I could go for a nap right about now..."

_Watch out! Behind-_

Samael cries out in alarm, but Satan's mind moves too sluggishly to react. Several watery limbs burst out of the lake and grab hold of Satan. A second later, they yank him backward, plunging him into the frigid depths. With icy liquid slapping his face, Satan gurgles incomprehensibly and begins to struggle. He turns his head around and belches air bubbles as he spots Poseidon, the Sea-King. The massive demigod cackles and grabs Satan, crushing the demon with unrelenting strength.

"You thought you could escape me, little bloodskin?! Impossible! The sea is my home! Wherever there is water, I will arise! Now, beg for mercy as I overwhelm thee with the might of Atlantis!"

Satan wriggles and writhes. His Vectors barely manage to annoy the Titan, while his mind turns to mush as the water threatens to drown him.

_Satan! Thou must remain alert! This Titan is merely an illusion! Even if 'tis born of the Second Realm, thou can escape its grasp! After the Second Realm, my brother need not waste his mana, for thy mind will supply thy greatest fears of its own volition! Do not feel fear, and this phantom will dissipate!_

Despite Samael's warning, Satan continues to stare at the Titan squeezing him like a vice. He struggles with all his strength, but the more he does, the mightier the Titan's grip becomes.

Suddenly, the water darkens noticeably. A pitch-black haze spreads throughout the bottomless abyss, shrouding the Titan's face into obscurity. Poseidon squeezes even harder, forcing Satan to vomit blood into the water around him.

_I... I can't believe it,_ Samael mutters. _Satan has already arrived within The Third Realm! How... how could Satan possess such a weak soul?! Even the frailest angel and Titan fought for several days against Raphael's ultimate technique! Are Satan's insecurities so great that he cannot overcome them? Was he doomed before he began?_

Satan's thoughts vanish into the ether. He loses his ability to form coherent, rational decisions, and instead struggles like a bear caught in a trap. Mindlessly, robotically, he wastes all of his strength on trying to escape via brute force. However, his efforts only strengthen Raphael's power.

Soon, even the sensation of squeezing disappears. Poseidon vanishes, and the blackness engulfs Satan as he continues to writhe and squirm.

_Tsk. 'Tis too late, now. His soul is nearing its breaking point,_ Samael says to himself bitterly. _Bah. I've lost contact with all of the souls in Satan's body. I doubt he could self-detonate even if he wanted. To think, the mighty Devil would reach his end in such a pitiful state._

From the depths of blackness, a single piercing ray of light appears. It illuminates a spot of the floor, and Raphael walks into it, like a performer onto a stage. He claps his hands slowly and grins, though pangs of agony also tear across his face. 

"Haha... oh, Satan. To think I could have saved many of my brethren's lives had I merely used my ultimate technique on thee from the start. Never did I imagine thy people would prove so troublesome. After I eradicate thy kin from Earth, I will enter exile for ten generations to atone for my failures. Even that isn't enough, but I must return to safeguard those who will survive this war."

Satan says nothing. He lies on the ground, twitching uncontrollably.

Raphael's expression turns sorrowful. "Bah. Naturally, thou hath nothing to say. Well, I shall finish thee off, just as I did a million other soul manipulators before thee. In the end, thou were little more than a speck in my eye."

Raphael walks over to Satan, grabs the lifeless demon by his collar, and hoists him into the air.

Samael watches in horror as the old man raises his other palm and prepares to lunge it toward Satan's chest.

_No... no!! What can I do?! Must I stand here and watch in silence as Satan dies?! Is this the where my revenge ends; watching the one who slew my kin get off scot-free?!_

Raphael's palm flies toward Satan's chest.

_WHUMP._

With a mighty palm-strike, Raphael strikes the core of Satan's soul, sending it rocketing out of his body.

"...What?!"

Raphael gasps.

He drops Satan's body and staggers backward in horror.

Instead of Satan's blood-red soul, a brilliant white entity floats in the air. Within seconds, the formless being, one born of light, coalesces into a vaguely angel-shaped figure. Wings sprout from its back, along with a masculine body structure and appearance.

"I missed?" Raphael asks nobody in particular. "I struck true, but t'wasn't Satan's soul that flew out! Nay, this appears to be one of my kin! He must be one of the thousands trapped within the Devil!"

The Archangel of Wisdom stares at the being floating in the air, but no defined facial or body features appear on it, stupefying him as to its identity.

Samael blinks. He stares, confused, at Raphael's astonished face, as well as Satan's limp body laying on the ground. The Archangel of Change hovers freely in the air, unencumbered by the sensation of gravity or other physical forces.

_I... I am... free...?_

Immediately, the wall of darkness shrouding Satan vanishes. Raphael jerks his head around in every direction, gawking as the third illusory Realm dissolves into the ether.

"What? What?! B-but... I destroyed the Devil's soul! Never, in all my life...!!"

Satan's eyes bolt open. He jerks his face off the ground and gasps for air as life surges into his body. He scrambles backward, putting distance between himself and Raphael.

"I'm alive?!"

"Thou art alive?!" Raphael echoes. "What madness is this?"

Satan, Raphael, and Samael all reappear in Heaven once again. All traces of the illusory Realm vanish, leaving the three of them bewildered as to what's happened.

Samael hovers in midair. A strange tingling pain assaults his body, while eons of memories flip through his brain as he tries to comprehend the events of the last several minutes.

_Raphael struck Satan. As I recall, that was the final blow, the one that, without fail, always slew a soul manipulator. Raphael was the mightiest Archangel when it came to dealing with stray soul manipulators. But... what changed? What caused him to slip up, today?_

The tingling pain intensifies, allowing waves of agony to spread throughout Samael's chest. He glances at his hands and gasps. _By the Creator! I can see through my flesh and bone! Am I a ghost? A spirit? No! I must be... an errant soul!_

This realization instantly lights a fire in Samael's heart.

_One's soul cannot survive outside of a physical body. Since Raphael knocked me out of Satan, that means I have only seconds to live before the Creator elevates me to the Great Beyond! I must find a new host. A body, right! That's it!_

Immediately, Samael's eyes dart around the battlefield. Millions of angels, demons, Titans, and monsters fight one another. Dead bodies lay scattered across the ground as far as the eye can see.

_A corpse will be of little use to me. I must possess a living being — the closer to my original biology, the better. Therefore... an Ophanim would be for the best. Alas, for Raphael slew all of my fellow Ophanim! A Cherub or Seraph will have to suffice._

Several demons and Cherubs battle nearby, but one female angel gasps for breath and pulls away from the fight. Deep wounds stretch across her chest and back. Her armor lies in shreds.

Samael evaluates her for a moment. _Sister Julias. She's too injured for my liking._

A different Cherub, a male this time, stands outside of a small encirclement. He barks orders at several angels, guiding them as they surround a ground of scythers and fire-type demons. Unlike the woman, he appears to be in peak form.

_Ah, brother Hiraldo. He will do!_

Samael darts toward Hiraldo, covering the distance at the speed of thought. Hiraldo starts to fire off another command to his comrades, only to pause mid-sentence as a strange presence engulfs his body.

_Huhk! What is- who dares attack me from behind?_

_Pardon me, brother Hiraldo. I must borrow thy body._

_What? This voice... I recognize it!_

_Tis I, Samael._

_Samael?! But thou perished millennia ago! We all saw-_

_Sorry, Hiraldo, but thou art my enemy, now. Quietly fade away, if thou please._

Hiraldo's mind converses with Samael, but at the Archangel's words, confusion erupts in the cherub warrior's mind.

_Fade away? Brother? What dost thee- AHHH! My head! It burns!_

The incredible power of the Archangel of Change immediately dominates Hiraldo's soul, taking control of his brother's body in the blink of an eye.

Samael as he takes his first breath in several years. "Ahh! It worked!"

Taking over Hiraldo's body causes Samael no grief. Ever since receiving his old memories, the Archangel of Change gazes upon his formerly beloved brothers and sisters with hatred and disdain. They are not the Ophanim. They were, instead, the ones who slaughtered the Ophanim... as well as his beloved sisters, Muriel and Cassiel.

Samael stares at the cherubs encircling the demons for a moment. Then, he turns around to gaze at Raphael, only a few hundred steps away.

_Brother._

...

Meanwhile, Raphael stares at Satan in shock. A thousand possibilities pass through his mind as he tries to comprehend what's happened. However, the moment the Illusory Realm dissipates, he loses sight of that strange phantom spirit. If he could inspect it, he might understand how his third illusory Realm failed.

"Satan! Thou art truly a servant of the damned...!"

Raphael bristles with anger. 

"What unholy spell dids't thee use to break free of the Third Illusory Realm?! I held thy life in the palm of my hands! No soul manipulator has ever survived my ultimate technique! None of them!!"

Satan keeps his distance and stares at Raphael warily.

"Like I know! Bahaha! Maybe you're just getting old! You don't got the same golden touch anymore, bub!"

Despite his fierce bravado, a hint of cold terror brushes against Satan's mind. The Devil's pupils shrink as he tries to wrap his head around the previous events.

_I died. Definitely. I know what dying feels like, and this time wasn't any different. Poseidon crushed me to death, but then... I revived? Maybe Samael was wrong! Maybe if I self-detonate, I can regenerate my soul after all!_

"Good job, Samael," Satan mutters. "Seems I was right, after all. Whaddya got to say to that, bub?"

Satan grins and waits for Samael's limp-wristed reply, but instead receives silence.

"Hey. You ignorin' me?" Satan asks. He keeps his voice low and both eyes on Raphael, but still, Samael doesn't reply. "I'm talkin' to you!"

Several seconds pass. The cold terror at the back of Satan's mind intensifies.

_Sunnofabitch... don't tell me the soul I used up was Samael's soul! Spawn of a broodmother!! Without him... without ol' Sammy..._

Satan balls his hands into fists. Anger boils in his gut as he glares at the old man.

_I bet Sammy sacrificed himself to save me! Of course, he would! That's the kind of guy he is! FUCK! I can't let him die in vain! Maybe if I attack the old man, this'll be his real body. Yeah! If I can kill Raphael right here and now, it'll all be worth it..._

Satan coils power into his legs, but his expression turns rough as he realizes Samael's Vectors are gone. That realization drives home Satan's anger further, and he quickly chooses a substitute by summoning Poseidon's Octopus Form. Eight watery hands sprout from Satan's back, rippling in the air as they coil around him protectively.

Raphael's pale expression vanishes. He takes a battle stance and sighs in annoyance. _I'll have to force Satan into the Illusory Realm once again. Killing his physical body won't accomplish anything, and I'm not certain I could pull it off with my current strength. If the Illusory Realm fails again, then I'll have to assume the Devil is somehow immune to its effects._

"Satan!"

An unfamiliar voice cries out from behind Raphael and the Devil. Both of them turn to stare at the speaker, a cherub, in confusion.

Hiraldo, a member of Heaven's legions, flies toward Satan with an urgent look on his face. Immediately, Satan raises his guard and groans inwardly. _Oh, great. Reinforcements._

"It's me!" The Cherub yells. He lands a short distance away from Satan and gestures behind himself. Suddenly, eight rocks levitate into the air, hovering as if clutched by invisible forces. "Samael!"

Raphael blinks. "What?"

Satan stares, his mouth agape. "WHAT?!"