Part 390: Hopeful Arrival
Part 390: Hopeful Arrival

_Earlier that day._

Hope Hiro prepares his mind and body. He fully assumes the figure of an ordinary Changeling, a Second-Class Initiate Observer named Xainir. His face and head morph into a bald, bulbous skull with giant pitch-black eyes. He dons a standard white uniform, one that vaguely seems like something a human scientist might wear, albeit with several alien flourishes.

Then, he utters a Word of Power and disappears from the Ataraxia.

An instant later, Hope appears inside a place he picked out somewhere on Volgarius's surface. On the exact opposite side of the planet from the Founder's Five Fingers, as far away from the High Psions as he can get, so he can orient himself to their alien world.

The Wordsmith's clone materializes inside a random closet in the middle of the insanely packed urban block of Silus 16.1441A. With so many tens of millions of stratoscrapers scattered across Volgarius's surface, the planet does not actually have any distinct cities. Rather, it simply has regularly sectioned blocks of buildings all clumped together for various purposes.

Hope arrives at the bottom level of one such stratoscraper, just 200 meters below the planet's surface.

He steps out of the closet after making sure this particular room is clear. In Silus 16.1441A, Residential Facility 13, Room 577, Hope finds himself in a tiny little apartment lacking any sort of interesting decor or room for idle pleasures. The closet itself holds several bland, standard-looking Changeling uniforms, none of which possess even an ounce of character.

Perfectly pressed, spotless and clean, the uniforms in the closet speak of an individual who lives their life by the book. No fun. No joy. No personal hobbies or interests.

A slave to the Founders.

Hope takes in the room's sights. Its tiled floor and walls prove to be exceptionally sound absorbent, as he can barely hear anything outside the bedroom, even though he knows there are tens of thousands of other residential rooms in any direction he might look, if he were capable of peering through walls.

Hope glances inside his Mind Realm.

Unlike Jason, whose Mind Realm contains half a dozen other people and a whole bunch of information he's saved up over the years, thanks to his interactions with Solomon, Hope's Mind Realm is mostly empty. Inside, a few 'data centers' store the Atlas knowledge Hope obtained from scanning the Volgarius system. So thorough are his scans that he knows the exact distance to any location around him and how to navigate those hallways with his eyes closed.

However, sometimes, reality can be different from his mental simulations.

"Holy shit. It's... it's such a long distance to anywhere relevant. I'll have to walk for like ten miles just to get to the Volgrim's equivalent of a bus station. Maybe I should Wordsmith-teleport everywhere..."

As quickly as that thought comes, Hope casts it aside.

"I could feel someone locking onto me when I used my powers before. Best not to use them much unless absolutely necessary. I wonder if the signature I detected was Founder Dosena..."

Hope frowns deeply.

"The Volgrim might not be magically adept... but they are aware of how magic works. They observed humanity for millennia. They fought us at our best and crushed us, the angels, and the demons. I'd be a fool to think my Wordsmithing makes me untouchable..."

Hope rubs his smooth, alien chin, noting its somewhat glossy texture and its hints of moistness. He feels a little grossed out by his appearance, but he can't help acknowledging the superior visual acuity of Changeling eyes.

"I feel like Superman. I can 'zoom' my eyes in like a microscope, or out like a telescope. Changelings tend to act as spies, so they must possess impressive visual acuity for the sake of peeping in on their targets. And my hearing is a lot better too... if I were still in my human form, I wouldn't hear anything outside at all. The fact I can hear even distantly faint noises is a true testament to Changeling hearing capabilities..."

The more Hope learns about the limits of his temporary body, the warier he becomes.

"Changelings among the humans... it's a scary thought. We can't easily uncover their true identities, but they can spy on us with their superior biology. They might seem like mere body-shifters, but they're actually extremely talented at the art of skullduggery."

Hope spends some time in front of a Wordsmithed mirror, practicing his gait, his manner of speech, and otherwise perfecting his mimicry of Changeling attitudes and Volgrim speech. Through his magic, he perfectly masters the Volgrim language, a growly sort of screechy dialect substantially different from any human language, then erases the mirror from existence and nods.

"Alright. It's showtime."

Hope steadies his breathing. He walks toward the only door leading outside, and as he approaches, he detects a micro-burst of energy pulse over his body. The faintest tremble strikes his Mind Realm, and the door opens up.

Already prepared for this, Hope doesn't flinch. He understands that some sort of nebulous psionic-hybrid technology exists in vast quantities across Volgarius. Door handles and knobs don't exist. Instead, by reading the surface-level intentions of potential users, most technology can activate before the users even conjure the relevant commands in their heads.

The door slides open. As soon as it does, Hope gazes out at a bland hallway, where three Changelings immediately walk past his room, followed by two more.

He steps out of the apartment and finds himself amidst a ridiculously long underground tunnel complex with hundreds of doors on his right and left. Green lights run along the ceiling, giving the corridor's white walls a sickly vomit-colored hue. 

Hundreds of Changelings live in this specific habitation zone. Hope smoothly turns to the right and merges into the flow of other Changelings. He steadies his nerves and assumes the same walking posture as the rest of them.

What first catches Hope off-guard is the lack of words being spoken. Momentarily worried he overlooked something in Xainir's memories, Hope realizes these Changelings aren't communicating telepathically, but instead... simply have nothing to say.

The eerie silence of the corridor makes Hope truly feel as if he has stepped foot onto an alien world. He follows along with the other changelings, barely flicking his field of vision around as he blends in with them. He observes the appearances of the aliens around him, as well as the soulless and empty way they seem to walk and go about their day.

Most Changelings have pale blue skin. However, some of them have green, red, or other colors instead. These seem to make up a minority of those in Hope's starting habitation block. Judging by Xainir's memories, that may simply be the case for certain blocks where specific 'types' of Changelings live, but the Wordsmith has no feasible way to confirm that hypothesis. At least not for the moment.

Hope shuffles along with the rest of his fellow Changelings. He walks for ten minutes, following his mental map to split away from the main group and head up transfer shafts wherever possible, lifting himself up to the planet's surface-level.

After exiting the underground biomes, Hope expects to see a change in scenery, but instead he finds that nothing has changed. The unbelievable drudgery of the Changeling living environments maintains itself to a frightening level of consistency. If he didn't possess such a perfect mental map, the young Wordsmith would have surely gotten lost a hundred different times!

_This is ridiculous._ Hope thinks. _What a soul-crushing place to live. No trees. No greens. Nobody talking or having fun. If this is the pinnacle of galactic civilization, then all of sentient life should go extinct!_

It takes a full hour before Hope makes it to the fiftieth floor of the living complex. All of a sudden, he emerges into a completely different, widely open space. Hope arrives at the first of countless floors that somewhat remind him of a giant mall from his era.

While nothing about the 'mall' appears beautiful, not by any means, it still possesses huge glass walls on all four sides, allowing Hope to look outside for the first time at the other identically-built stratoscrapers adjacent to his starting building. The large open areas still lack any plants or greenery, but Hope manages to clear away some of his claustrophobia.

Above Hope, thousands of Changelings fly around, using gravitically-modified clothing to levitate through the air. What surprises Hope the most is the fact that not one of the Changelings flying around has pale blue skin, like himself and the majority of others. Instead, only red, green, and yellow-skinned Changelings zip around, tending to their duties.

This causes Hope to inwardly frown.

_Perhaps blue-skinned Changelings are the lowest class of their sub-species? The others might be higher-ranked ones?_

What frustrates Hope the most is that the memories of the Changeling he copied are barely adequate for gathering intelligence on the Volgrim. Xainir was, in fact, a bottom-class Changeling with no notable merits. But using the identity of a higher-ranked Changeling might put Hope in great peril, especially if he were to slip up.

He quickly realizes that, given the chance, he should try to copy the memories of a higher-ranked Changeling.

The Wordsmith glances around, his lack of movement suspicious compared to the worker drones frenetically moving from place to place. After hesitating for just a moment, he begins walking toward one of the large 'stalls' near the massive glass windows.

The 'mall' area, as Hope has taken to calling it, has nothing to do with Earth malls. Instead, it's more of a hub for obtaining items relevant to the average Changeling, as well as procuring transportation to other places on Volgarius.

The Wordsmith makes his way to one of these transport divisions, where he encounters a long but quickly-moving line of Changelings, who slowly walk forward and pass through a fairly large scanning array. Hope watches as each Changeling holds a hand up, and a blue light washes across their palm for a split-second before they continue passing through to board air-busses, levi-trains, and other such vehicles.

Hope already knows the purpose of this terminal. Every Volgrim has a chip embedded in their palm, one which allows them to instantly verify their identity anywhere in the entirety of Volgrim-controlled space.

The Wordsmith finds this fact slightly amusing.

_It wasn't so long ago there were conspiracy theorists on Earth thinking the government wanted to microchip them. Perhaps they weren't wrong about such a possibility after all. The aliens just beat us to the punch._

Having already created a perfect copy of Xainir's original chip, Hope proceeds forward and holds up his palm.

_Beep._

The scanning device completes its cycle and allows him to proceed. Hope faintly exhales and continues walking forward, heading toward an awaiting hover-bus.

However, hardly has he taken five steps before a low-level Technopath steps out in front of him.

"Hold. We have detected an aberrance in your spatial coordinates, Changeling Xainir-1145."

Hope's heart skips a beat. However, he maintains a blank expression.

"This one does not understand." Hope says, his tone mellow and emotionless. "Has this one committed an error?"

"Negative." The Technopath says, viewing Hope with a complete lack of interest. "However, you were recorded as visiting Training Facility Kasmir-4 only five cycles ago. How have you managed to arrive back on this side of the planet so quickly?"

The Technopath officer pulls up a few holographic images and beams them in front of Hope's face, showing the logs of his last recorded position.

_Shit!_ Hope thinks. _What a rookie mistake! This is the sort of blunder only Jason would make! I still have more of that idiot in me than I thought! The original Xainir is still out and about traveling, so since our chips are the same, it likely brought up an irregularity in the system!_

However, he maintains the same calmness on his surface as before.

"This one did not take the transport ship as originally intended. This one left the terminal early, as this one received a communication informing us of a change in our schedule."

The Technopath officer listens to Hope's lame excuse. He slowly blinks.

"Noted. In the future, make sure that you follow proper protocols. You may depart now."

Hope nods. "Understood. This one contemplates, and this one comprehends."

Hope politely bows, then turns and walks away, his heart relaxing as he manages to escape what could have been a troublesome situation.

_I should consider changing my identity, just to be safe!_

As Hope leaves and his hover-bus departs, that Technopath officer turns and heads back to his station. He arrives to sit next to a pair of Psions, both of them only at the Third Level, quite low-ranking as far as members of their species go.

[Anomaly?] One of the Psions, a black-skinned female asks.

"Yes. That Changeling claimed it had changed its mind and traveled along a different direction."

[Erroneous. They are clearly lying.]

"Agreed. Do you wish to pass the information along to Orator Pu'ul?"

The female Psion hesitates. She turns to look at the other Psion, a male with similarly-colored black skin. Both of them exchange a few telepathic words before she turns back to the Technopath and sighs.

[If you wish to report the discrepancy, you will have to fill out an Erroneous Method of Travel Report Ledger 1145C. Additionally, since it is likely Xainir-1145 lied about the matter, a standard Breach of Founder Courtesy Notice must also be filled out; take notice of pages 31 to 47 where you must explain in great detail how the courtesy was breached. And finally, due to the conflicting travel methods taken you must also fill out...]

The Psion fires off a bunch of mind-numbingly boring techno-jargon, none of which excites the other two in the slightest.

"Uh oh." The Technopath says, in a monotone voice. "I just remembered I have to report to Bus Bay 217B for standard maintenance calls. It seems I will not have the time to fill out these reports."

[I am much too busy maintaining order with the Transport District.] The female Psion adds. [Perhaps I will attend to the matter later.]

The male Psion beside her merely grimaces. [...It was not that big a breach of ethics. We will disregard the matter. If Xainir-1145 screws up again, it will be someone else's problem.]

"Noted."

[I think this is a fair outcome that respects the importance of our time.]

The three mid-level managers all quietly shove that discrepancy away and get back to their joyless work, giving no further thought to that strange anomalous Changeling.

Perhaps, even if they knew the truth behind his identity, they still wouldn't bother to say anything...

---

Meanwhile, Hope boards the hover-bus and takes off. He finds himself standing amidst a sea of other Changelings, all densely packed with no room to sit. Were the bus to suddenly fall from the sky and crash, every individual aboard would undoubtedly die due to the lack of any visible safety systems.

_Good grief._ Hope thinks, while surreptitiously glancing at the blank faces of the Changelings around him. _It's like the world of Volgarius is a low-quality video game engine! All the NPCs look like they've been set to passive mode!_

Hope checks the destination of this particular transit bus. It heads to a much more interesting locale, a conglomerate area where the Changelings, Technopaths, and Psions all interact in a much more meaningful manner.

_I need to find Excalibur, the Dominion Rod, and Solomon's Crown,_ Hope thinks. _But it would also be a good idea to examine the Volgrim and see how they function. How they live out their lives. Jason is going to meet with the head of Volgrimkind, Unarin, so I can't let myself fall behind him. Ignorance might be bliss, but it's not a quality any aspiring ruler should possess!_

_As for Jason... I wonder what my lesser half is up to. He should be reaching Volgarius soon. I did teleport ahead of him, but I've wasted so much goddamn time just traveling this labyrinth of buildings. Whoever designed these cities should be shot in the fucking face!_

While Hope seethes to himself, his gaze happens to catch one of the Changelings aboard the shuttle. This particular individual is the only red-skinned alien aboard the craft, with all the rest sporting the same blue coloration as Hope's cover-body.

The red-skinned Changeling holds a small datapad in its hands. It watches as several data points display, some of which catch Hope's attention.

On the pad, a report plays out detailing the fall of a world to a Kolvaxian outbreak. In boring, plain numbers, the report displays that over seventy billion Volgrim ended up caught in the sudden outbreak. Fewer than half a percent managed to flee before the planet was fully overrun.

The red-skinned Changeling watches the report with the same apathy one might use if they discovered they had slightly burned their toast. A blue-skinned Changeling near the red-skinned one notices the report.

"Another world, fallen." Blue says, its words sounding particularly loud on the otherwise silent transit.

"Yes." Red says immediately, its tone lacking any emotion. "The third in the last ten cycles."

"Is it true the Founders are planning a new counter-measure against the Plague?" Blue asks.

"This one is only aware of a recent broadcast put out by the Founders." Red replies, turning to look at Blue. "This one is not privy to any special proceedings the Founders may choose to follow."

"Of course." Blue replies, bowing its head. "This one contemplates. This one comprehends."

The two of them finish their conversation within a short thirty seconds, making Hope sigh internally.

_What a miserable exchange. It's like listening to two planks of wood talk about the trees that made them. There doesn't appear to be a hint of pity for the fallen among the Volgrim lower-ranks. They seem a little bit... different... from what I expected._

Hope tries to parse the impressions running through his head, but otherwise fails to do so.

The hover-bus swishes past thousands of identical-looking stratoscrapers, as well as perhaps millions of other vehicles racing through Volgarius's skies. These prove to be much more interesting to look at, and so Hope does just that. He examines all the different types of ships cruising around, finding himself admiring their varying styles and details.

_It appears that countless different corporations construct the ships on this world. While the buildings are practically identical, the other buses, trains, and small-scale exocraft are quite different. Some of them are boxy and utilitarian, but others appear flashy and ritzy, drawing the eye. I wonder why there's such a stark difference in living spaces versus transportation vehicles?_

Ignorant to the existence of the myriad of Technopath clans, Hope can only hazard guesses as to why the various technologies inherent in their craft make them appear so different from one another. Especially when placed against the backdrop of a frighteningly boring and lifeless world, the technological variances truly stand out.

Before long, his bus descends to a hangar mounted inside one of a thousand other generically identical stratoscrapers. As the hover-bus lands, Hope swallows discreetly, readying himself for the possibility of more things going wrong.

_So far, so good. Other than that slight slip-up at the departure gate, not much has gone different from my plan. I'll just have to keep my eyes open while I scout around._

When the bus lands and Hope steps off, a brief, faint psionic sense sweeps across the newcomers.

As for what it finds, perhaps none may truly know...