_Splash, splash._

"Oooh! Hahaha!" 

I watch.

Two mermaids, Millie and Karen, splash water at each other.

They are simple creatures. Like me. No desire to fight. No will. 

Is there a difference?  

I do not know.

My eyes are heavy. 

I am tired. 

I've used too much mana over the last few months. I want to sleep. I need to.

But I cannot. _She_ waits for me. _She_ always watches.

"Barbatos! Are you okay, sweetie?" Millie, the ever-doting red-haired mermaid, floats over to me and rests her hand on my leg. "You haven't said a word in three days! Even for you, that's a bit extreme."

I swallow. My throat burns. I am always in pain. Anguish. Coarse, festering agony.

"Sorry, Millie. I am tired. I am trying to... stay awake."

"Oh." Millie's face becomes crestfallen. She beckons over to Karen. "Barbatos is tired. We have to keep him awake."

Karen is one of the youngest mermaids. She is scarcely three hundred years old. A child among her sisters. "What? Millie! Let Barbatos take a nap! Don't pester him!"

"No. Millie is right. I mustn't close my eyes. I need-"

A voice speaks inside of me. _Her_ voice. Uriel. My tormentor. The Archangel who has besieged my mind and body for tens of thousands of years.

_Oooh, feeling a little tired, are we? Why not lay thy head down for a minute, Barbatos? Think of how good thou shalt feel._

Her nagging voice, like a poorly tuned violin, grates at the back of my skull. I shouldn't have said anything. Now she knows what I am thinking.

"Quiet, Uriel. I won't close my eyes. Never again."

Another voice appears in my mind. My brother, Artorias. 

**Barbatos. Resist. I can only stave off this bloodsucking creature with your help.**

"I know."

Karen cocks her head. "Who is Barbatos talking to?"

Millie answers. "The voices in his head." 

"Huh?"

"He's not crazy. It's a long story."

Karen stares at her sister quizzically. "I don't understand. Are the 'voices' why he can't fall asleep?"

"Mhm." Millie looks into my eyes. It hurts to see how much she loves me. She remembers. All of the mermaids do. The Dukes as well, and the Emperors.

They remember.

They know what happens when I lose consciousness.

But I can't. Never again. I won't let Uriel take over.

_Thou art such a child, Barbatos. Dost thee expect me to let ye sit and conserve thy energy? As weak as thou art now, I could take over for a moment. Want me to try? I'll crush thy precious little mermaids in an instant. I'll turn them into meat paste._

Her words, like venom, echo in my ears. The longer she talks, the more visible her appearance grows in my mind — a hauntingly beautiful Archangel in a blood-red dress. I can see her curves, her voluptuous body.

She is a siren — an agent of the enemy. Any physical attraction I might feel is nullified by the memories of her past atrocities.

Artorias speaks. **Barbatos, hurry and lock yourself away. Bind your arms with as many chains as possible and tell the other Dukes to stand guard. If you fall unconscious around the mermaids, Uriel won't hesitate. She'll kill them all.**

Uriel laughs. _Hahaha, come now, Artorias. Listen to how thou dost play the doting older brother, even after all this time. Barbatos, if ye rest thy eyes for a moment, I solemnly promise I shan't hurt thy cute little mermaids. After all, 'tis not monsters, but demons I despise. I'm not indiscriminate, like the filthy bloodskins who murdered my people._

My eyes burn. I blink for a moment to moisten them. "Your promises are poison. You will say anything to take control. I won't succumb."

Several mermaids swim over as my voice echoes in the chamber. I don't usually speak this much. It burns. My body always aches. Talking does little more than fatigue me. And the more exhausted I become, the more powerful Uriel grows.

Uriel's long white hair grows visible in my mind. Her moccasin sandals. The six colored rings on her fingers, each one engraved with the initials of her brothers and sisters. Raphael. Michael. Gabriel. Uzziel. Camael. Samael.

The evil woman stretches her hand toward my mind's eye. It grows like a specter of death, dwarfing me with its size. _Thou art exhausted, Barbatos. Do as thy brother says. Find a dark, secluded place, somewhere that I won't be able to cause any harm. Oh, that's right, such a location doesn't exist! Haha!_

Uriel's light laughter burns my soul. I lower my eyes, unable to look at the mermaids surrounding me.

I am cursed. I deserve this curse. My greed, my desire to become the strongest demon, and my willingness to commit any act that empowered me... they are the reasons I suffer.

Artorias and I knew the rule. _No demon shall consume the energy of an angel._

I thought myself invincible, so I ignored Satan's one binding rule. 

I was wrong. I paid the price for my indiscretion.

Artorias appears more vividly in my mind. He has the same look that he always did — a slender, muscular Baron of above-average height. Dozens of bones, all taken from humans and angels, wrap around his arms, waist, and neck. His piercing eyes, the eyes of a military commander, gaze upon me with a look of anger.

During my youth, before we merged, I considered my brother a vicious, bloodthirsty killer. He fought Uriel on several occasions but barely escaped with his life. The other demons looked up to him, but not me. I disrespected him. I treated his counsel and guidance as if it was poison. In the end, my mistakes caught up with me.

My brother is a kind soul, one who willingly gave up his life to merge with me. He protected me during those early years. The time when the Archangel's Holy Energy ravaged my body. When the other demons could not bear to look at my deformed skin, or the scars, or any other part, Artorias was always there. He still is.

How many friends have died? How many enemies? I have lost count.

War brings no joy. It brings no victory. Only a slowly increasing trickle of death awaits those who walk the path of violence.

If only I knew as a young Lord, what I know now. If only I had the willpower to resist my bloodlust... perhaps my brother and I would still be together in the flesh. Perhaps I would not suffer under the twisting, burning, endless misery of Uriel's torment.

I hate her. I love her. I hate her more. She has taught me, without intending to, how worthless such notions of 'demon rank' and 'prestige' are.

My eyes droop.

No!

I must remain vigilant. 

Before my eyes can shut again, I form a sign with my hands. My armor bends inward and impales my stomach. The awful pain brings me back.

Awake!

I mustn't close my eyes again. It's too dangerous.

Millie spots the blood trickling down my armor. "I'll get a rag, Barbatos."

I rasp out a reply. "Th-thank you, Millie."

_Art thou capable of staying awake forever?_ Uriel asks. She leans toward me and looms even larger in my mind. _It matters not if it takes thee one day or one thousand years. Thou shalt close thy eyes. And when ye do..._

"I won't. I won't. I won't."

My eyes droop again. The blood loss is making me woozy. Have to... have to cauterize the wound. Fire. Need fire.

I stumble to my feet. My armor grinds together against my skin, sealing in my demonic energy and preventing me from losing too much power. I limp over to a single torch on the wall and pause.

If I remove my armor for a moment, in my current state, I might lose too much mana.

But... if I pass out from blood loss, that will have the same result.

Uriel snickers. _Heh, look at the panic on your face. Why not ask every Duke and Emperor to stand guard? Then, when I come out, they can suppress me._

"No. That's... what you... want. You'll kill them- kill everyone. Like you did before."

My words choke out, along with blood. I stabbed the wrong area. Clumsy. There's internal hemorrhaging. Who can heal a wound like this? Not the Blood Pits. It will take too long to get there. Too much energy to open a portal. Belial? She can heal me. Where is she? I don't know.

**Brother. Cauterize the wound. It's risky, but you'll have to try.**

"Yes, Artorias. I know."

Wincing, I ready myself for the pain. As soon as I form the appropriate magic sign, my magnetism peels the armor away. I grab the torch and jam it against my stomach. Hard.

The pain is no worse than what I experience daily.

A rush of red energy floods out of my body. I close my armor to seal the remainder inside, but weakness hits my legs. My strength gives out, and I flop to the ground.

"Barbatos!!!" Millie leaps from the water and splashes over to me. She drags herself across the ground and stops by my head. "Ancient dragons, give me strength! What's wrong? Are you okay?!"

Millie's tears drip onto my face. I wheeze out words of warning. "Hurts. Hurts. Can't stay awake. Run. Get out. Uriel. She's... she's taking over."

Uriel's voice speaks again, louder than before. _Yes. Good, Barbatos, good. Rest easy, knowing I'm in charge._

**No! Barbatos! WAKE UP! Don't you dare give up! You're stronger than this! You're stronger than the Archangel!!**

I wheeze in pain. "I'm... not... I'm too... too..."

_Shut up, Artorias. It's not like thou understand the pain thy little brother feels. Besides, I promised I wouldn't hurt hurt his stupid little mermaids, and I'll keep my word. All I'm going to do is kill a few worthless bloodskins._

_Heh heh heh... yes. I have many targets in mind. I wonder how much playtime I'll have? I can't wait to stretch my legs._

Moments pass.

My eyes begin to shut.

I can't take it anymore. I can't resist her power. I can't stay awake.

All I can do now is pray that the others will stop her.

"Millie... get... away..."

Darkness overwhelms me.

...............................................................

"Barbatos? Long time, no- GUHK!"

A flash of movement. The demon explodes and blasts across the walls.

Uriel smiles. "One down. Ten trillion to go."

The hallway where the lone demon was walking falls silent. Uriel listens for a moment but doesn't detect any other demons idling nearby.

Bits and pieces of metal crack and fall from Barbatos's armor, slamming onto the ground. Uriel glances down at the disgusting withered body of her captor. "What a shame that I must stay in such a loathsome form."

Inside her mind, Artorias rages. **Accursed Archangel! Stop this madness! Don't you see? Barbatos is trying to live a life of peace! You shouldn't become the monster you once decried-**

"Silence." Uriel waves her hand and trudges through the exploded remains of the demon she just killed. "I care little for what thy pathetic brother wants. If demons didn't wish to face my wrath, they shouldn't have slain all of my people. I am the last angel. Even if I am inside the body of a demon, I will kill every single bloodskin in my path."

Barbatos's heavy footsteps echo around the walls.

_Whump. Whump. Whump._

Uriel moves her hands to create magical signs. "Dark Form."

Her aura becomes dimmer. The shadows call to her, and the walls become translucent, seemingly vanishing from existence. She looks in every direction and spots a large group of demons laughing about this and that while sloshing drinks around — a gambling den.

More pieces of armor fall off, exposing Barbatos's scarred and deformed body. Patches of white creep over his skin, replacing the demonic red with something holier. Something that demons in the current era haven't seen for tens of thousands of years.

"Oy, Boldor, pass me the bones, will ya!" A shrill voice rings out, and several other demons laugh about some crude joke.

Uriel approaches.

She rounds the corner and steps inside the cantina. Smog fills the air, and a disgusting mix of tobacco and a thousand other chemicals swirl before her nostrils. A demon at the entrance spots her arrival. He raises an eyebrow. "Uh, welcome to the pub. Haven't seen the likes of you around, stranger. What's your name?"

Uriel narrows her burning red eyes. "My name is unimportant. Do you happen to know where I can find Bael? I need to have a word with him."

The demon raises an eyebrow. His tiny horns indicate he isn't a Lord, but probably a grunt. "Ehh, Bael? Ain't seen him in my entire life. This place is a bit outta the way. Say... don't I know you from somewhere?"

Turning away from the demon, Uriel's expression turns nasty. "I ask the questions here. If thou hath no answers, thou art useless to me. Die."

Uriel swings her fist. The demon explodes violently, spattering blood and gore across the room. The roaring laughter and cacophony inside the gambling den instantly falls silent.

Everyone turns to look at the newcomer.

A demon yells in alarm. "W-what the devil?! Ganje?! Hey! Who do you think you are, marchin' in here and killing one of us?!"

Several demons whisper to each other.

"Hold on a second, ain't that fella Barbatos?"

"Yeah. I think he is. Didn't recognize him without the armor. What's going on? Did Ganje get on his bad side?"

Uriel cocks her head. "Someone tell me where I can find Bael."

A bigger demon in the back, one with much longer horns than the rest, stands up. Uriel evaluates him instantly. 

_A Baron._

"Barbatos? Something's off about you. Why do you need to see- HUWAK!" The demon yanks toward Uriel as she pulls the metal on his body with Barbatos's innate magnetic force. The Baron slams against her fist and slumps to the ground. He chokes weakly for a few seconds. "W-what the..."

"Tell me where Bael is, or die."

Every demon in the room jumps to their feet. Alarm bells ring in their heads. _Something ain't right about Barbatos,_ their eyes say.

The Baron gasps for breath. "H-huh... he's... he's in... Hell Harbor. H-heard he went... went there to... show-"

"I don't care _why_; I only want to know _where_. Stupid bloodskins. Thy lips never stop moving."

Uriel flicks her finger. A thousand shards of metal tear from the walls and fly around the room, eviscerating everyone inside. The horrified screams of pain go silent a moment later. One hundred demons fall to pieces, transformed from flesh and bones into bloody puddles on the ground.

The Archangel inhales deeply. "Ahhh. Nothing better than the smell of dead bloodskins. I'll make every last one pay. There isn't a corner of the Labyrinth capable of hiding them."

She smiles wickedly. Her face contorts into a nightmarish expression of pure rage and exhilaration.

"FREE. I'm finally FREE! Hahaha... I won't lose like I did last time. Even if I do, I'm taking all of them with me."

Uriel motions with her hands, and a portal appears at one of the many connecting paths to Hell Harbor.

Artorias growls. **They won't let you enter. You'll never make it to Hell Harbor, you damned butcher.**

Her vile expression hardens. "Who's going to stop me? Diablo? Heh. He's down for the count. The only one who can beat me now is Bael. That's why I'll take him out _first_."

The Archangel steps through the portal and closes it behind her.

Silence fills the room. Not even a fly stirs.