Part 270: Amelia's Quest for Hope
Part 270: Amelia's Quest for Hope

Somewhere near the Labyrinth's center, some ten miles from the Core, a pair of women walk through the darkness. One of them, a human, wears a shadowy-black military exosuit to help her see through Hell's infinite gloom, while the other, a vampiress, needs no such artificial enhancements due to her demonic heritage. As they walk, they pass the occasional torch mounted on the walls, but thanks to the demonesses' guidance, they never once run into any other demons or monsters heading toward the battlefield on Tarus II.

Amelia Greyheart glances around as her impromptu companion, Dawn, guides her in the direction of Faith's End. "I'm still waiting for you to spring a trap on me."

"Ahaha, you are very fun-ny, Black Queen!" Dawn laughs. "My master has no need to use tricks if she wishes to see you. Did you know that vam-pires and hyuu-mans were once great friends? We liv-ed in a symbiotic relationship. Contrary to the myths you may have heard, there are very few downsides to becoming a vampire, and countless upsides. Immortality, for example."

The Black Queen's expression darkens. "Eternal life is overrated. It's nothing but a hollow, empty void if you haven't anyone to share the time with you."

"Mmm. Yes, it seems that you spe-ak from experience," Dawn nods. "Indeed. Losing the one you love can ruin you for the rest of your life, no matter how long your existence may last. A shame, to be sure. However, I am confi-dent that Leviathan would cry if he knew that you were unable to move on."

Unlike the past several times Dawn has brought up Amelia's long-dead friend, the Black Queen barely even bothers feigning anger. "Don't act like you know anything about Levvy. He was more than just a friend to me. More than a best friend, or a lover... he was like a second half of my soul. I barely even remember the life I endured before I met him."

Dawn stays quiet for a few moments. Only the sounds of her and Amelia's footsteps echoing into the Labyrinth's distant hallways pierce the silence.

"What sort of person was he?" Dawn asks. "Or what sort of a dragon, I suppose?"

Amelia lowers her eyes. She gazes at the ground while walking and ruminating on her thoughts.

"I... I don't want to talk about him."

"You don't?" Dawn asks. "Why are you so eager to forget him? Was he not pre-cious to you after all?"

"Of course he was!" Amelia snaps. She shoots a nasty glare at Dawn. "It just... it hurts to talk about him, okay? It really sucks! There isn't a moment that goes by where I don't wish he was still with me."

The two women round a corner, when Dawn pauses to touch Amelia's shoulder. "I have not known you long, Miss Greyheart. I doubt you see me as anything more than an acquaintance. Nevertheless, I must say that it is of-ten better to speak about the pain in your heart than to bury it. I, too, have lost beloved companions."

Amelia pushes away Dawn's hand. With her expression hidden under her helmet, only the pain in her voice reveals her turbulent emotions. "Don't lecture me. I'm not interested in pouring my heart out to a demon."

"What about your lover? What about Hope?" Dawn asks. "Have you spoken to him about Leviathan?"

"...A little." Amelia mutters.

"So you haven't," Dawn says, clicking her tongue. "I suppose you are content to merely allow the last dragon's memory to rot in your mind, withering away to the annals of time. It does not matter to you if you die and nobody else remembers him. Some might even call such inclinations selfish!"

Amelia balls up her fists. "Stop messing with my head. You think I don't see what you're doing, Dawn? You're just trying to squeeze me for intel on Leviathan. You're hoping you can learn more about him so you can... you can... I don't know! You're probably trying to figure out how his powers worked, or something! That's always how it is! Everyone just treats dragons like weapons, or tools, or magical batteries! You're no different from the rest! I'll bet your Emperor put you up to this!"

Dawn stares at Amelia quietly for a few moments.

"She did not. I am sorry to tell you this, Miss Greyheart, but perhaps if the last dragon were still alive, people might desire his power... but he has been dead for millennia. The reappear-ance of his corpse under Mephisto's control was a shock to many, but now even that has disappeared to the tempest of a dying star. No matter how much anyone tries, nobody could even gain a fragment of his power. I... I was merely trying to get to know you better. I find you to be an inter-esting hyuu-man."

Amelia locks eyes with Dawn, her expression hidden behind the metal helmet covering her face. After a few moments, she looks away and sighs.

"I'm sorry. You're... you're right."

She hesitates for a moment before lowering her head.

"Deep down inside, I just want to bury Levvy's memories. It hurts to even think about him. I spent thousands of years listening to him all throughout any given day, and since his death... I've heard nothing. Only silence. Every day that passes, it becomes harder and harder for me to remember the sound of his voice."

Dawn slowly walks forward to rest one hand on Amelia's shoulder, while gently wrapping the other around Amelia's fist.

"Hope could help you, you know? As a Wordsmith, he could open up your memories... make you hear Leviathan's voice again. Perhaps, once you rescue him, you could sit down and have an honest conversation with the Wordsmith, hm?"

Amelia sniffles. "I... I don't know."

"Well..." Dawn says, pursing her lips. She starts to say something, but thinks better of it and shakes her head. "I am sorry for pressuring you, Miss Greyheart. Never mind. Let us continue to the prisons. They aren't far, now."

"Okay..." Amelia mutters softly.

Both women continue walking, but this time in silence.

...

An hour passes.

As they travel, Dawn's expression becomes more and more solemn. Soon, Amelia begins to notice the structure of the Labyrinth gradually change. Torches attached to the walls no longer remain lit. Bloodstains, both fresh and ancient, sit splattered above, below, and to her sides as well. Distant screams and choked sobs echo from the hallway ahead of her.

Finally, the vampiress slows to a stop. Her cute smile, one she's worn since she first met Amelia, fades away.

"I wish you the best of luck, little lost queen, but I cannot guide you any further. We have reached the edge of Gressil's domain."

Amelia turns to look at Dawn. "Are you afraid of Gressil?"

"Yes. And you should be too," Dawn replies, an edge to her voice. "Gressil is vicious, violent, and unrelenting. Even among demons, he is a terrifying scourge, one who derives pleasure from only the most brutal and barbaric acts. If he gets his hands on you... I do not imagine we will ever see each other again."

After pausing for a moment, Dawn shifts her feet uneasily. "...You can still turn back now, Miss Greyheart. I know you care about Hope, but it would be safer if you could bring backup along. What you're about to attempt is nothing less than a suicide mission."

Amelia taps the side of her helmet, causing it to deactivate. In the pitch-blackness of the Labyrinth, without her exosuit's assistance, the only thing she can see are Dawn's glowing, blood-red eyes. 

"If you really want to call yourself my friend, Dawn, then I need you to do me a favor."

Dawn's ears perk up. "And that would be?"

"If I don't return... inform everyone else that Hope is trapped here. I don't care what happens to me, but Hope is different. He's important."

"Do you understand that the Wordsmiths are the enemies of demonkind?" Dawn asks. "Mistress Fenrir likes you, but she has no love of Heroes. It would be better for her if Hope perished here, rather than if he escaped to reinforce humanity's forces."

"You mentioned a power struggle in the Labyrinth," Amelia counters. "Gressil works for the First Hell, doesn't he? If he doesn't kill Hope, but instead finds a way to use Hope's power, that will prove disadvantageous to your Hell's future."

Lowering her eyes in thought, Dawn stares at the floor for a moment before returning her gaze to Amelia. "I cannot make any such decision on my own, Miss Greyheart. However, if something does happen to you, then... I shall attempt to persuade my Mistress."

Amelia smiles. "That's enough for me. Thank you, Dawn. I can move forward now with confidence."

Dawn forces a smile, exposing her teeth in the darkness. "Anything for a friend."

After a moment, Dawn motions with her hands. She explodes into a swarm of bats, then flees down the hallway in reverse, her swarm chittering as they fly. It doesn't take long before silence engulfs Amelia.

The Black Queen reactivates her helmet, once again illuminating the pitch-black gloom surrounding her. Without another word, she begins walking deeper into the Prison.

Her footsteps, once soft like the beating of a butterfly's wings, slowly increase in volume, making her tense up after every step so that she can pause and listen.

_Thud. Thud. Thud._

Gingerly, Amelia walks forward, eventually arriving inside the Prison's main area. Doors line the walls on either side of her. Their quality and construction materials vary widely, demonstrating that they were not built all at once, but added over time, likely by the many goblins living within the Labyrinth.

Uncertain of where to look, Amelia starts by approaching each door, one by one. She activates an ultrasonic scanner on her helmet, piercing the insides of the first room, only to find a pair of badly mangled female corpses, both of them physically and sexually violated, with parts of their limbs missing, their eye sockets hollow, and their mouths frozen open in neverending screams of agony. 

Amelia gazes upon the women without so much as a flicker in her eyes.

_Truly, demons are disgusting abominations._

Coldly, dispassionately, Amelia walks from room to room, scanning each one's interior with an ultrasonic pulse. The rooms with wooden doors reveal their contents openly, while those with metallic or demonstone doors prove harder to inspect.

A man, his body broken, hangs limply from a pair of chains attached to a wall. Missing both his legs, he opens his mouth, whispering two words, over and over. "Help me. Help me. Help me."

A woman, naked, shivers on the floor. A bowl of rotten food sits beside her head, while the bones beneath her skin tell the story of a long, arduous confinement, one which shall never end. Her suffering will only reach its conclusion if she should die.

A brother and a sister, each one with skin and muscle peeled off their arms, lay together, embracing each other as they swallow their final breaths.

At one point, Amelia finds a new prisoner, a man who has only recently been locked up. The man paces in his pitch-black room, scratching his face and peeling away the skin as some unknown demonic chemical screws with his brain.

"-me out! Let me out! Let me out!" The man shrieks. He walks from one end of his cell to the other, clearing the distance in only three steps before spinning on his heel to continue the neverending loop. "She betrayed me! She ratted me out! That bitch! When I get my hands on her...!!"

Amelia examines room after room, never once bothering to help the prisoners caged within. Having lived a hellish life herself, their tortured existences barely linger in her mind for a few moments before she forgets about them entirely.

The Black Queen leaves the psychotic man's cell door and scowls. "Where is Hope? I don't even know how many rooms there are here, let alone the layout of this place."

She continues deeper into the Prison, checking every room without fail. At one point, she finds a room with a locked demonstone door, one which her scanners can't pierce. She shatters the lock without hesitation and steps inside, only to find a mountain of rotting corpses, as well as an injured demon child inside, both of his legs broken.

The child, a pureblooded demon boy, jerks in fright when Amelia enters. Without hesitation, he reaches out to her.

"Please! Please help me! I'm sorry! I didn't mean to do it! I'll never talk back again!"

Amelia ignores him. She glances around the room, double-checking the corpses to see if any of them are Hope. When she confirms they aren't, she starts to turn away and close the door, only for the boy to reach out and grab her ankle.

"Please! Please don't leave me here!" The boy sobs. "I don't want to die!"

Amelia scowls. She kicks her hand free and glances at the demon. "I'm not your savior. I don't give a damn about you. But since I'd hate to see you suffer, I'll put you out of your misery."

Without hesitation, Amelia lifts up her leg, swings it down, and stomps the boy's head. Her strength, reinforced by the exosuit, proves more than enough to smash his brains like a watermelon, killing him before he can react. Amelia steps away from his bloody carcass and closes the door again, shaking her head in disgust.

"I've killed millions. One more won't make a difference..."

However, instead of continuing forward, Amelia's right eye twitches. She pauses outside the door and stares vacantly at the wall in front of her as a weird sense of disembodiment swallows her up. For several seconds, she sways from side to side, while a strange feeling appears in the back of her mind. She stumbles and falls to her knees, growing more confused by the second as her hands start to tremble.

"What... what's going on? Why do I feel like this? Why am I acting so strange?"

She narrows her eyes, then widens them, then narrows them again. Conflicting thoughts enter her head, until eventually, a singular concept, long ago lost to her, resurfaces.

"Is... is this... _guilt_? Do I feel guilty right now? Just because I killed a... a demon child? Why? I've slain so many! One more shouldn't make a difference..."

It takes several minutes for Amelia's breathing to return to normal. Slowly, she leans against the wall and climbs to her feet, clearly shaken by the strange emotions running rampant in her mind.

"This can't be right. I... I'm the Black Queen. What nonsense. Why would I ever experience guilt? It's a bit late for that, don't you think?"

She directs her question to nobody in particular. However, in the back of her mind, a sense of disappointment materializes.

"...If Levvy were here, he'd know what to say. He always did."

She bites her lip, while warm tears form at the corners of her eyes. With the helmet blocking her face, she cannot wipe them away, but instead allows them to roll down her cheeks.

"Fuck. Damn you, Dawn. Why did you have to keep bringing him up? This is all your fault."

Amelia turns around. She pushes the cell door open again to gaze at the child's corpse, his fresh blood slowly spilling across the cell's floor.

"...I'm sorry. I... I shouldn't have... done that. Dammit. Why am I apologizing to a corpse? He's just a stupid, worthless little..."

She closes the door again and forces herself to continue walking. "Stupid. Stupid! Why do I feel like my body has suddenly become defective? It's as if there's some bastard guiding my thoughts, trying to turn me into a normal human again. Don't tell me Hope put some spell on my brain in case I turned evil again. He wouldn't do that, would he? I don't know!"

She resumes checking the Prison's cells, all the while, muttering and cursing to herself. Despite spending an hour checking more than a hundred rooms, not once does the Black Queen encounter a prison guard of any species, making a pit slowly form in her stomach.

"Where the devil is everyone? Don't tell me they've all gone to attack humanity. Is Tarus II okay? What about Jason? The 'real' Jason. Could he help me find Hope? Doubtful! Hope must have kept me hidden from Jason for a reason. But why? I don't get it. Do I even really know Hope? Was our entire relationship built on a lie?"

As Amelia inspects the rooms, she suddenly finds herself standing in front of a door very different from all the others she's inspected so far. This one, constructed of solid oak, somehow still manages to confound Amelia's sensors. Dozens of locks and latches line its surface, each one adding another layer of reinforcement, making forced entry an impossibility. 

"Could it be...?" Amelia mutters. "Maybe Hope is in here. This room seems like it's hiding something important."

After inspecting the door, Amelia pauses for a moment when she spots a series of faint scratch marks cut into the doorframe's top. In the demonic language, they reveal a single word.

_Forbidden._

The word means nothing to Amelia, but still, its presence excites her.

"This room has to be important. I must see what's inside."

Quickly, Amelia reaches for the first lever. She slides it to the left with an audible click. Then, she grabs another one, and it too slides open with a clack.

Just before she touches the third latch, Amelia pauses. From inside the room, a faint sound catches her attention, one Centurion boosts with its sensors.

"...Is that a mouse squeaking?" Amelia asks. She bunches up her forehead and listens more intently. "No. It's... a woman crying? Doesn't sound like Hope. Still, I wonder who she is."

With a shrug, Amelia reaches for the third latch.

At that moment, a deep, masculine voice speaks.

"You should not touch that which doesn't belong to you."

"EEEYAAH!" Amelia screams. She spins around to see a massive wall of muscle standing behind her; a pale-skinned demon with two dozen blood-red eyes embedded in his arms, torso, and legs. Two heads adorn the demon's body, with one sporting what looks like a Pterodacyl's beak, and the other, three closed eyes, one of them on its forehead.

The Black Queen stumbles to the side, her heart racing like crazy. She loses her balance and falls to the ground, then quickly scoots away, cowering in fear.

"Y-you are...! Gressil?!"

The prison-master stares at her unsmilingly. The eyes embedded in his body twitch and squirm, while blood drips from the corners of their eyelids.

"Ah, if it isn't the False Queen," Gressil says, while standing motionlessly. "I've been expecting you."

Amelia jumps to her feet, her heart racing a mile a minute. "W-where is Hope?! I... I know you took him!"

Gressil doesn't answer. Instead, he turns his eyes to the door she started to open. He reaches toward it and slides both latches back into place.

"You have come to steal my possessions..." Gressil says. "That is a move most unwise."

"I've come to take back my f-friend!" Amelia stutters. "My lover!"

Gressil turns to look at Amelia and sneers. "Lover? Ah, so even the False Queen can stoop to such a level. Once, you were the terror of demonkind, a being so mighty that even Emperors would quake in their boots. But look at you now. You've lost your edge after returning from beyond the grave."

Amelia slows her breathing. She forces herself to stand up straight, even though her diminutive figure barely exceeds half of Gressil's height.

"I don't know what you're talking about. I may have temporarily lost my magic... but my character remains unchanged. Now... stop stalling! Give me Hope!"

"'Hope' is not mine to give," Gressil says, smiling coyly. "Unless you mean the Wordsmith."

"You _know_ what I mean." Amelia snarls.

"The only thing I know is that you've not a trace of good manners," Gressil replies, his smile fading away. "Do you think yourself better than me? Only the strong may make demands of the weak... and we both know who among us is the mightier. Surely, you've brought something to bargain with? Surely, you do not expect me to give up a Wordsmith in exchange for nothing?"

Amelia's resolve weakens. Faced with a Demon Emperor of incalculable might, she suddenly realizes that, indeed, she doesn't have a single thing worth bargaining for.

"T-trade him for me..." Amelia says. "My life for Hope's. I'm the Black Queen! If you want power and prestige, making me your slave-"

"Would mean nothing," Gressil interrupts. "Stupid girl. Who, exactly, do you imagine yourself to be? The great conqueror of the Labyrinth? The sole heir of the Last Dragon's legacy? You are neither. You are merely an ordinary human girl, one who claims a birthright which long ago ceased to be hers."

Slowly, deliberately, Gressil takes a step toward Amelia. His foot strikes the ground with a heavy _thud._

Reflexively, Amelia takes a step back. "I may not have my powers anymore... but I'll surely develop them again, in time!"

"You will not," Gressil says. "How sad. I weep for you. You've no idea of what method the Wordsmith's clone used to bring you back, yet you still prance about, certain of the truth behind your delusions. Amelia Greyheart? No. You are not her. You are a cheap imitation. A fake. A copy."

Gressil takes another step toward Amelia, then motions with his hands. Hope's figure suddenly appears to Amelia's right, conjured via illusory magic. Amelia spins to look at him, only to gape in shock as she sees her lover tied to a table, his body covered in countless cuts, lacerations, and bruises. His arms and legs, now amputated, stick out of a blood-filled bucket at the head of the table where he lays motionless.

"HOPE!!" Amelia screams. She runs toward the comatose Wordsmith, only to smack against the wall Gressil projected his illusion against. "Ah!"

Gressil waves his hand, causing the illusion to disappear. He smirks at the stunned exosuit-wearing human while shaking his head. "There? Don't you see? I've taken excellent care of the Wordsmith's clone. He is alive and well. No need to thank me."

Fury erupts in Amelia's eyes. Murderous intent boils in her heart as she grabs both vibro-knives attached to her waist and activates them with the press of a button. "You piece of shit! What did you do to him?! I'll kill you!!"

She jumps toward Gressil, raising both arms overhead. At the last second, her suit's teleportation module activates, causing her to flicker behind Gressil.

_Skrik!_

She plunges both knives into Gressil's spine, then drags them downward to rip open a horrifying wound from his neck to his thigh. The instant she completes her strike, Amelia jumps back and gazes at the Emperor of Chaos in horror.

Gressil remains unmoving. He stares ahead at where Amelia first started, unmoved by her sneak attack or the damage she inflicted on his body.

"Human technology is powerful and versatile," Gressil says, as his body fades away. A moment later, he magically materializes in front of Amelia, causing her to yelp in fright and fall on her ass. "...But it is far from omnipotent."

Amelia scootches back again, only to accidentally bump into someone behind her. When she turns her head to look, Amelia spots Gressil's leg pressing against her back. "Eeeyah! What the hell ARE you?!"

Her heart races like never before. Suddenly, the realization that she has no magic and no way to counter Gressil begins to dawn on Amelia, making her terrified for her life. She pulls away from the second Gressil, quickly looking at the first one to confirm both of them actually exist.

"You came here to steal from me, and then you attacked me," The second Gressil says. "You are a very rude person. How should I deal with such a graceless insect? Shall I swat you and end your misery here? Shall I tear that armor off your body and throw you in a cell?"

He pauses, then cocks his head.

"Hmm. No, that would be a waste. She could make such a good pawn if used correctly. She could become one of my _eyes_."

Amelia's heart flutters as Gressil's two bodies start walking toward her. "No! No... stay away! Stay back!!"

She reaches into her suit's pockets and grabs a miniaturized flashbang grenade. With a quick toss, she flings it above her head, where it explodes with a deafening _bang_, flooding the hallway with blinding light. Her suit instantly adjusts to compensate, preventing the grenade from affecting her. 

Amelia starts to move toward the nearest Gressil, hoping to dodge him in the confusion, but before she can take even one step, the other Gressil lunges an arm at her. Her heart skips a beat, but all she can do is watch as he grabs her by the throat and smashes her against the wall.

_Boom!_

Even with an exosuit protecting her, Amelia gets the wind knocked out of her, making her gasp for breath while Gressil squeezes her neck like a vice.

"Human tricks. Armor. Weapons. Your species is always so very proud of their technological supremacy. Sadly, your opponent is me."

Gressil smiles, his expression one of contempt.

"I expected you later, but that meddlesome Fenrir decided to interfere. Well, it doesn't matter now. Come, let me have a look at that pretty face."

Amelia grabs Gressil's arm and tries to pull, push, or pry the Emperor off her, but her struggles prove fruitless. Without any effort, Gressil presses two giant fingers against the top of Amelia's helmet and swipes downward, shattering the nanites protecting her head with ease. He repeats the motion three more times, destroying any that appear to fill in the gaps, and soon, he fully exposes Amelia's head.

"There," Gressil says, his glowing eyes all that illuminate the pitch-black hallway. "That's nice. What an incredible facsimile you are, False Queen. Your face appears identical to Amelia Greyheart's, and your memories, too, but I know better. You are a fraud. A little girl who wanted to play princess."

Amelia chokes hard and tries to swallow even a single breath, but Gressil gives her no respite. He opens up his hand, revealing an eye embedded in his palm. The eye gazes at Amelia with the look of a bloodthirsty wolf, causing her to panic.

"Now, now, there's no need to feel frightened," Gressil coos, using a tone one might describe as 'ominously soothing.' "It will all be over soon. You'll know the truth, and your farcical existence will come to an end. But first, please accept my gift, for I am a kind and generous soul."

Without any fanfare, Gressil places the eye palm against Amelia's face, making her wheeze uncontrollably. She fights back with all her strength, but her delicate body proves infinitely weaker than her captor's.

After several seconds, Gressil retracts his palm. He releases his grip on Amelia's throat, allowing her to drop to the floor, broken and defeated. The young woman curls up into a ball and starts to cry. "Guhuk... please... please don't hurt me..."

A pitying look enters Gressil's eyes. "Now you understand. You are not Amelia Greyheart. You are not the Black Queen. You are little more than a con artist, one who can only fool the blind and stupid. Now that I have opened your eyes to the truth, you may leave. Go and tell your friends about your beloved Wordsmith. With luck, you'll soon deliver me the other one, and I may yet fulfill my goals. But please... move with haste. I am a patient demon, but I hunger for the coming era more and more every day."

Gressil chuckles to himself, then starts to walk away.

"Hah hah hah... yes. Soon, the Era of Chaos will descend upon this galaxy. What great fun we shall all have."

He fades into the distance, leaving Amelia to sob on the ground, her spirit broken, and countless memories filling her mind.

"No... no... Hope... it's all my fault... it's all my fault..."

---

>!This is what a spoiler looks like! Click it to reveal the text!!