Part 724: The Ancient Volgrim Empire
Part 724: The Ancient Volgrim Empire

Millions of cycles in the past, before the Great Wars, the Volgrim emerged from the primordial soup of their home world, Grimvolas, slowly evolving into four distinct subspecies.

The first to evolve were the Dolgrimites. They were the most primally attuned beasts who could devour other forms of life to empower themselves and evolve their bodies.

At a point unknown, the first Psions evolved from the Dolgrimites. The two species engaged in a brutal war of dominance that rapidly engulfed the world of Grimvolas.

Later, as time passed, the Technopaths evolved. They were the third sub-species to depart from the Dolgrimites, and they evolved as a result of certain high-minded ideals being passed down from the Dolgrimites who were most closely attuned to technology. Thus, these usurpers began to study the art of the metal gods, and were cast out by the Dolgrimites, branded heretics by their former brothers and sister, and left to found their own empire.

The last to evolve were the Changelings. They emerged just 20,000 cycles after the first Dolgrimites evolved, and they quickly became known as the most insidious, secretive, and underhanded of the subspecies.

Many civil wars came and went. The subspecies brutally fought each other for control of the different continents, but the Dolgrimites revealed that as long as they lived on Grimvolas, their position was unshakable. Even as the Psions grew stronger and stronger, the Dolgrimites somehow matched them, and the wars they fought always ended up in stalemates, with both sides losing.

This caused the Psions to look outward, tired of the endless conflicts. The mightiest of all Psions, First Supremator Vettil, took to the stars to colonize distant worlds. The Technopaths followed suit, and then the Changelings did as well. Eventually, they founded a new homeworld, Volgarius, and left the Dolgrimites behind.

Thus, the three sub-species entered a period where they tentatively opted to 'play nice' with one another, though none of them could truly trust the others... and their political ploys were anything but gentle.

---

_Volgarius. Stardate 207.714 of the Ancient Volgrim Empire._

The Volgarius of this era was far different from the one of Vulpanix's era. Unarin and Dosena depicted it for her in her mind's eye with stunning detail, adding in information collected from countless ancient witnesses of this lost period.

Unlike the modern Volgarius, the ancient one was a green world filled with dense forests, underbrush, and beautiful jungles filled with apex predators. The exobeasts living on Volgarius were powerful and terrifying, more than capable of tearing into and destroying cities if they were sufficiently enraged.

207,000 cycles after the Volgrim first emerged from Grimvolas's belly, they had become 'enlightened'. The Technopaths controlled vast fleets of powerful spaceships and other types of craft. They held an uneasy alliance with the Changelings, who relied on them for technology. These two species were the bulwark that pushed back against the powerful Psions, who grew increasingly numerous and powerful seemingly without end.

The cities of Ancient Volgarius were not the high-rising stratoscrapers of the modern era, but a mixture of tree-houses made of hardened exo-glass, fortresses and citadels forged with reinforced mundane exotic materials, and living spaces for the rich that floated in the air through anti-gravity propulsion, even able to slowly move through the skies. These structures were designed to give the wealthiest Technopaths an ever-changing view befitting their status.

The Volgrim of this era were very different from the ones of the modern era. They employed slavery of mud-dwelling species on a shocking scale. Countless goblins and other 'lesser' Sentients had been abducted from their homeworlds and enslaved to dig out underground fortresses and laboratories all across Volgarius. The number of secret bases reinforced with anti-psionic exotics to hide their position was astonishing. Nobody knew all the locations.

...

Inside a relatively mundane building on the outskirts of a city called Illuven, a Changeling stood, looking up at the sky with a wistful expression on its face. The Changeling had bright red skin, bulbous eyes, and wore a simple white tunic and pants. Its body was extremely thin, unimposing to say the least. Its hands were clasped behind its back, its feet loosely apart, as if lost deep in thought.

On this particular day, Volgarius's weather was a little unpleasant. Rain fell from above, but the Administrator of the local sector had opted to leave the Weather Shield lowered in order to water the soil. Thus, as the red-skinned Changeling stared up at the sky, countless drops of rain splashed against its face. The distant rumbling of thunder only deepened the somberness of the mood.

Minutes passed. Hours.

Other Changelings walked past. Their skin colors were diverse and colorful. Many of them were spotted and speckled; a form of camouflage that allowed them to skulk in the woodlands, unseen. These Changelings often looked at the red-skinned one and shook their heads. It seemed to be a uniquely lonely specimen, one that did not match the mannerisms of the others.

Eventually, a grey-skinned Changeling walked over to the red-skinned one. The grey stopped to stand beside the red, turning its head to glance at the red one's face.

"This one believes you have spent long enough looking up into the sky." The grey Changeling said. "This one would request that you return to your duties."

"What use are such duties?" The red Changeling asked. "I do not have any interest in meaningless wastes of time. Pondering the meaning of life is a better use of my life."

The grey Changeling's expression remained unmoved, but a hint of irritation entered its voice. "Your constant references to your individuality are beginning to aggravate the others, Unarin. This one must emphasize that Changelings are not to refer to themselves as individuals."

The red Changeling, Unarin, turned to look at the grey Changeling with a blank expression. "Why?"

"Why _what_?" The grey Changeling retorted.

"Why do we adopt this manner of speaking?" Unarin asked quietly. "Why do we live our lives according to these unspoken rules? Why must I follow them?"

Unarin narrowed its eyes at the grey-colored Changeling. "And what punishment will befall me if I refuse to follow these rules, Treyza?"

Treyza, the grey Changeling, gazed at Unarin with emotionless eyes. "There will be no punishment. But you will find it difficult to accomplish anything when all your kin go out of their way not to work with you."

"You assume that what I want to accomplish has anything to do with what all other Changelings desire." Unarin said.

After a moment, Unarin reached out and rested its four-fingered hand on Treyza's shoulder. "I am leaving soon. I have already purchased tickets for a ship heading to the distant outer worlds. I wish to embark on a journey to expand my horizons. I hope that you will wish me well."

"Such eccentric words are not a sentiment any self-respecting Changeling could voice." Treyza said, blinking slowly. "But... this one does hope that you will clear up the doubts in your mind and return to Volgarius as a productive member of society."

"In that case, I will be keeping you waiting for a long, long time." Unarin said, retracting its hand from Treyza's shoulder.

Unarin walked away and left Treyza behind. Minutes passed as Unarin headed outside the Changeling dormitory and stepped out into the open rain. Its eyes looked upward once more at the galaxy hidden by stormclouds, wondering just what was out there.

"This society is wrong." Unarin said, its voice soft. "Hatred simmers beneath the surface. The ancient past continues to shroud the future. We have not risen above our primal ways. Soon, a new war will be upon us. All it will take is a single molecule to ignite the reactor. When that happens, the damage will be... catastrophic."

...

Unarin sat on a lovely wooden bench with flowers growing along its sides. This bench was positioned not too far from the docks, where ships would arrive and depart, heading up into space. The Volgrim had made several iterations of warp drives over the past 50,000 cycles, but the recent discovery of Trifrancium and its energetic properties had allowed for the construction of brand new Trifrancium Drives. These drives allowed ships to accelerate past Warp 6, a major barrier that had dramatically slowed the Volgrim's expansion. Until 300 years earlier when Trifrancium was finally stabilized and made useful inside a Warp Drive, it would take a full 9 months to travel between Grimvolas and Volgarius. 

What was most irritating to the Technopaths was that the Psions had long been capable of traversing the Void at speeds far exceeding Warp 6. The problem was, they were only nominally allying with the Technopaths and Changelings, but in reality they were enemies competing for resources. The Psions would never deign to bring non-Psions along for the ride to speed up colonization efforts across other worlds. Rumor even had it that the Psions had secretly established formidable bases on several distant worlds the warp-locked Technopaths could not hope to reach with their limited speeds, at least not for centuries to come.

Unarin looked up at the sky. The red Changeling watched as a ship activated its thrusters and rocketed off the platform, flying into the upper atmosphere within just a couple of minutes. Invented roughly 15,000 cycles before, the relatively new Liftoff Thruster technology had dramatically lessened the need for high-quality fuel to get ships out of a planet's gravity well. Rumor had it that a few noteworthy Technopaths were collaborating to invent a powerful new anti-gravity propulsion drive that would entirely eliminate the need for Liftoff Thrusters at all! But that still seemed a ways off.

A voice spoke from the overhead speakers inside and outside the docks. The voice was gravelly and authoritative, likely a male Technopath, speaking in fluent Volgarian.

"Inspection Ship 11-ALX is now boarding. Proceed to Gate 17 along with any personal belongings. Departure time is in three standard time units."

Unarin stood up. It reached over and retrieved a small bag with a portable dimension-space inside, which contained enough room to store far more personal belongings than Unarin actually needed. After making its way over to the ship, Unarin boarded and directed its attention to the numerous internal bunk-rooms. A ship of this size could house a complement of around 250 Volgrim, which was shared between the ship's crew and the passengers who were taking flight to new worlds.

As it happened, Unarin was technically a member of the 20-person crew. Unarin's unique role was to be an Observer and to document interstellar phenomena as the ship traveled along to its ultimate destination some 15,000 light-cycles away. The ship he had boarded, the 11-ALX Passenger Cruiser, was a civilian vessel with a Warp Drive that could accelerate to Warp 7, a substantial speed increase compared to Warp 6.

At Warp 6, traveling 15,000 lightyears would require almost three entire cycles to arrive.

At Warp 7, that travel time was cut all the way down to just four months.

A dramatic decrease, and one that showed the power of new technologies. Rumors were swirling that the last few hundred cycles had caused the High Psions to become uneasy, worrying about the strength of the technological terrors the Technopaths were rapidly building.

For now, none of that had anything to do with Unarin. The red Changeling simply minded its business and waited for the ship to take off. Eventually, it did. The 11-ALX launched out of Volgarius's gravity well, its inner core vibrating from the friction of superheated air rushing turbulently against the craft's outer surface, all the way until it left the atmosphere and the vibrations stabilized.

Unarin took a long breath. The shaking craft had done nothing to affect the Changeling's mood, and it remained as tranquil as ever. Unarin looked around the 4-person room, where three other bunkmates had deposited their belongings and left to tour the ship. Unarin decided to mimic them, and the Changeling strode out into the main hallways.

One hallway led into another, and Unarin passed through a lounge room, a dining hall, and even an art gallery.

A big difference between the Ancient Volgrim Empire and the modern one was the level of priority certain elements of life had. For example, in the future era, the Volgrim did not seem to appreciate art at all, while the ancient Volgrim put it everywhere. Their buildings were designed to look beautiful and unique, even if the individuality wasn't fully maximized. The dining hall served delicious food for the Changelings and Technopaths, unlike in the future era where the massive populations living on Volgarius subsisted almost entirely on nutrient paste.

Unarin decided to treat itself to a meal. Like all Changelings, Unarin was enlightened enough to never consume meat and it subsisted off an entirely vegan diet. The Volgrim were, after all, a civilized species that had long ago stopped hunting creatures to eat their meat.

At least, that was true of the Technopaths and the Changelings. As it happened, the Psions hunted powerful exobeasts for sport, and the Dolgrimites were still very much the same ravenous predators of the ancient times. It was for this reason that most of the sub-species had turned up their noses at the thought of sharing a world with the Dolgrimites. The Psions, Technopaths, and Changelings had left Grimvolas to the progenitors of the Volgrim, leaving them to devour other creatures and live their disgusting, primitive lives.

Since the Dolgrimites could not fly through the Void and neither did they have a space armada, they could not colonize other worlds. Not that they wanted to, since Grimvolas was more than enough planet for the lot of them.

Unarin slowly ate a meal over a full standard time unit. The Changeling took its time chewing stalks of a vegetable native to Volgarius, savoring every bite, and quietly thinking to itself regarding a great many things.

But then, something surprising happened. A Technopath wandered by and noticed Unarin sitting at a table, alone, while the other tables had two, three, or even four Volgrim seated together.

"You there. State your designation." The Technopath growled. He turned his head to look at Unarin out of the side of his eye, seemingly only giving him a passing glance.

He was a large and intimidating fellow. There were wires embedded into the flesh on his arms and legs, and his left hand was made of eight tentacle-fingers while his right hand had four long spindly digits. His skin color was bright yellow, and he walked upon two legs which struck the deck heavily. This indicated to Unarin that the Technopath's legs were more machine than flesh.

"I am Unarin." Unarin said. "Nice to meet you."

The Technopath blinked. Something about the way Unarin spoke was a little 'off' compared to other Changelings.

"Why are you not sitting with your ship-mates?" The Technopath asked.

Unarin quietly took a bite of its food. The Changeling stared at the Technopath, making a deliberate point of munching on the vegetable for ten long seconds before swallowing.

"Because I enjoy sitting with my own thoughts." Unarin finally answered. "And you are?"

The large, powerful Technopath bristled at Unarin's tone. He finally turned his whole body to face the tiny Changeling, and crossed his arms, making a show of how imposing he was.

"Unarin, you said? I've pulled up the manifest. You're one of two Changelings sent to serve an Observer role, yet you don't even recognize your ship's captain. Pathetic. I am Psio-Specialist Goldis. You would do well to remember my name, you insignificant speck."

Unarin nodded casually, as if Goldis's tone hadn't mattered to him in the least. "I see. Thank you for introducing yourself, Captain Goldis. I will endeavor to memorize the ship's crew complement as soon as possible."

Goldis sneered. "Damn right, you will. What a weird Changeling you are. Never heard one speak like you do."

Unarin sighed. "I know. I'm a bit of a non-conformist."

A moment followed where Goldis raised an eyebrow at the little red Changeling. He didn't know quite what to think. Unarin was... odd. Strange in a way Goldis couldn't quite put his tendrils on.

"Be sure to report to the Bridge every rotation at 0600. We won't pass our first noteworthy star system until about twelve cycles out, but we constantly pass various interstellar phenomena. Each one must be recorded and saved for future study."

Unarin slowly blinked its eyes. "I am aware of my assigned duties, but thank you for clarifying the details for me, Captain Goldis."

"Mmm." Goldis snorted, before eventually turning and resuming his original course.

After he left, Unarin continued to sit and finish its food. Once the food was fully consumed, Unarin placed the tiny scraps of waste inside a reclamation unit, then left the dirty plate in the designated dropoff point.

Unarin eventually headed over to the Lounge, bringing along a cup of Volgarius-exclusive tea sourced from the local vegetation. There were already quite a lot of passengers inside the Lounge. They were watching a broadcast on the Volnet, which was a relatively new invention from 1500 cycles ago that could deliver information across galactic distances with low latency. On average, there was a one-day travel time for every 1000 lightyears the data had to be transmitted, which wasn't bad at all compared to the vastly inferior original methods of data transmission.

Unarin sat to watch the news. Before long, a broadcast appeared onscreen detailing that the leader of a Technopath colony had launched a brutal attack on a neighboring planet, assassinating their leader and claiming the planet as their own. However, this had ignited a fierce resistance, and now the battle was turning into a full-on system war. Bombs were being dropped on cities, and gunships were being shot out of the sky for every time-unit that passed.

This was nothing new. The Volgrim Empire had grown quite large, spanning nearly 214 planets within 10,000 light-cycles of Volgarius, and another 117 known planets outside that range. Paltry in the scale of the entire galaxy, but anyone with a brain knew this was only the beginning. The Milky Way had 100 billion stars in it, and each star averaged five planets, with most planets averaging two moons. That was a colossal amount of available resources, and it would take millions of cycles to populate them all.

What was most interesting to the Volgrim was that when they had started branching out among the stars, they had quickly found they were not alone in the universe. There were many other species living on worlds across the galaxy, and alien life was anything but rare. This had ignited fierce debate over how these alien species should be treated, and the consensus had quickly become _pacify them if they resist, enslave them if they are valuable, only attempt to make peace if they are our equals, and avoid them if they are stronger than us... at least for now._

The Psions had seemed just as surprised as the Technopaths, but the Changelings later uncovered the truth: The Psions had long known not only of alien life in the Milky Way, but life beyond! There were countless species scattered among the galaxies in the universe, and those species were all involved in a sort of grand 'Game'. As for why the Psions had not released this information themselves, it was likely so they could hold a tactical advantage over their enemies. After all, information was power.

Unarin observed the broadcast, noting that this war outbreak had taken place in a system about 5,000 light-cycles from Volgarius, which meant the news was already five cycles old. This meant the situation could have turned much worse, or it may have resolved itself before any external security force would have arrived. Considering the speed of modern ships, and bureaucratic delays, if the situation _didn't_ resolve itself, the people on those worlds would likely be waiting several months before a military force was organized and dispatched to quell the conflict.

"What a mess." Unarin remarked idly to itself. "No centralized authority. Neighbors prey on neighbors. Suspicion and fear continues to slowly escalate. I wonder when the boiling point will be reached?"

Unarin sipped the tea it had brought along, thinking to itself about a great many matters.

The Volgrim Empire was progressing, but toward what goal? Toward what end?

None yet knew the answer. Unarin pulled out a notepad it had brought along for the journey, one with the words 'Order to Chaos' scrawled on the front. Using an old-fashioned liquid pen and paper was an odd choice, but it gave Unarin a sense of comfort. The Changeling quite enjoyed the sensation of the writing implement gliding along the page.

"Something needs to change..." Unarin muttered to itself.