Part 534: Planar Wardens
Part 534: Planar Wardens

On the world of Sharmur, a strange peace settles across the land. A creeping dread had long taken hold of the indigenous life, the mammals and lizards and birds alike. They subtly feared the strange, unmoving creatures which radiated an aura unfamiliar to them... the alien Kolvaxian life forms.

But now, those Kolvaxians have died. All thanks to the efforts of Diablo and his fellow demons.

As for those demons, they gaze at their leader with looks of surprise and shock. Melody, especially, has her jaw hanging open in complete disbelief.

"M-me? You want _me_ to be... the Warden of Sharmur? I don't... I don't feel I am worthy."

She lowers her eyes, a deep sense of despair in her heart.

"When the Kolvaxians attacked, I couldn't do anything at all. My powers barely pushed them back. Viola fell, as did Guura and Dorma and all the others... I ran away like a coward while so many of my friends perished. I don't deserve to be elevated at all."

Diablo listens to her words, but he does not relent. He continues to levitate in midair, looking down upon his fellow Emperors and Dukes as if he were a god possessing unimaginable power.

"You are mistaking my words." Diablo says calmly. "I am not asking you to become Sharmur's Planar Warden. I am commanding you. And make no mistake... this is an incredible gift, but it is also a heavy burden. In the future, I will expect many more of you to become Wardens. This is demonkind's best method of obtaining Cosmic Power, but it is a path that will cost each of you dearly."

Yardrat frowns slightly. "What is your meaning, Diablo? Are you saying we cannot become Demon Deities without shackling ourselves in some way?"

"That is precisely my meaning." Diablo answers without hesitation. "Look at the historical precedents. Wolfram became a Deity, but for less than a handful of hours. He perished, his body and soul turning to ash. Mephisto stepped past the boundary as well, but he only managed to step into the lowest of all Cosmics, a weakling capable of trampling mortals wantonly while being utterly helpless against any self-respecting Cosmic, such as myself and Founder Dosena."

"Think of me, as well." Diablo continues. "I am not a Cosmic. I merely 'wield' Cosmic Power. This body of mine is but a suit of skin that possesses true Cosmic Power. It once belonged to an Apex Cosmic, a Titan of unimaginable strength from the Primordial Era named 'Morva.' But me? I am barely able to control a portion of its power. In the end, I am still only a Demon Emperor like the rest of you, but one who has cheated to reach a higher boundary."

Diablo lowers his eyes. He shakes his head in dismay.

"All of you. All of us. We demons are a cursed species. We are soul manipulators, through and through. We devour the souls of countless Sentients to fuel our ascension. This historically granted us tremendous power, but it has also placed an invisible limiter on our species. Stepping past the boundary of Mortal to become Cosmic is... almost impossible."

Kristoff massages his chin. "You're saying that no matter how many souls we eat, we can never step past the rank of Demon Emperor? None of us can become Demon Deities, no matter how we try?"

Diablo sighs, his voice soft. "For the past six years, the First Emperor and I have quietly experimented with the power granted by Morva's body. We came to many startling conclusions, obtaining results that proved there is a deep order to the universe than cannot be explained by mere evolution or happenstance."

He pauses.

"This sense of order is known as the _Akashic Laws_. And these Laws do not tolerate the evils of soul manipulation past a certain point. They are the reason demons cannot step into the rank of Cosmic without making deep and painful sacrifices."

Melody listens quietly, then raises her hand.

"You keep mentioning making sacrifices. What sorts of sacrifices would I need to make to become a Planar Warden?"

Diablo smiles.

"Now _that_... that is the question you should be asking."

He levitates downward, then strolls into the middle of the assembled demons so that everyone can be within an equal distance of him when he speaks.

"Before I answer your question, let me first tell you what a Planar Warden is. It is a higher form of demon identity, one that achieves Cosmic Power not through harnessing the power of massed-souls, but through the power of one or more celestial bodies."

"Specifically," Diablo says, glancing around the assembled group, "the energy contained within a planet."

Emperor Nymph narrows her beautiful eyes. "You said before that my abilities are required to create a Planar Warden. Is that because... I can manipulate the life-force of a planet?"

"You are a lot like Archangel Uzziel in that way." Diablo says, affirming her guess. "Nowhere near as strong as the progenitor of demonkind, but your abilities aren't too dissimilar. By linking the power of a planet's core to the soul of a given demon, we can drastically elevate them, turning an Emperor into a Cosmic."

Diablo continues. "If this sounds too good to be true, that's because _it is._ To give an example, if we link Melody's soul to Sharmur, then she will indeed be easily capable of rising to the rank of a Demon Deity. But this power... it will only remain in effect so long as she is within the voidspace of Sharmur. If she were to travel to Hell or pass through a Warpgate to visit another world, she would immediately lose that power... or worse."

"Or worse?" Melody asks, her heart skipping a beat. "Does that mean I could die?!"

Diablo doesn't immediately answer her question. Instead, he changes the subject.

"There are three types of Planar Wardens. Each type is more powerful than the last. But to obtain such great strength, one must pay a higher and higher price."

Diablo holds up a single finger.

"The first type of Warden is a Free Warden. An Emperor who becomes a Free Warden will immediately obtain the power of a Demon Deity! Even so, they will be little more than a Bottom Cosmic... the same as Mephisto. Capable of battling 7th-Level Psions, but useless against any foe stronger than them."

The Emperors nearby share a mixture of emotions, with some immediately excited about obtaining any form of Cosmic Power since they already have no chance at obtaining that power through their own efforts, but others appear decidedly less enthusiastic. Yardrat assumes that Diablo will reveal more than a few downsides to this powerup, and he is proven correct.

"To become a Planar Warden, you must link your power to a celestial body, such as a planet's core." Diablo explains. "All of you will have the opportunity to choose how deeply you wish to commit to becoming a Warden, but suffice it to say, a Free Warden shows the least commitment, obtains the smallest increase in power, but also takes the fewest risks. You will become a Bottom Cosmic, retain your Demon Emperor power if you leave the world you protect, and if your world falls, you will suffer no major ill effects."

"Free Wardens are 'free' because they are barely Wardens at all." Diablo continues. "Your shallow commitment also means you will not offer a strong deterrence to the enemies we will form following the fall of the Kolvaxians. The Volgrim will be able to easily kill you. Choosing to become a Free warden is, in essence, a selfish choice. You'll gain enough power to stomp any mortal into bloody pulp, but you will collapse when faced with any other truly dangerous Cosmic threat. And for that reason, I do not advise anyone to choose to become a Free Warden. Only the most selfish and free-spirited among you, who do not wish to give up their current status and freedom, should do so."

He pauses for a moment to evaluate the expressions on the other Demons' faces.

"There is one advantage to turning some of you into Free Wardens though. And that is that you will retain your Emperor-level strength if you leave the world you protect, meaning you can still project formidable levels of mortal power throughout the Labyrinth and other demon-controlled worlds. For those of you who value your freedom and only want a mild power-up, becoming a Free Warden of a weaker planet with few greater prospects might not be such a bad idea. For example, a simple mining colony that produces Demonstone might not be too valuable in the eyes of the Volgrim, while Paradise-class planets certainly would be."

Diablo clears his throat, despite not particularly needing to do so in his astral form.

"The second type of Warden is known as a Planetary Warden. The costs you pay will be higher. The sacrifices, deeper. And the risks, higher. But you will also gain a far greater boost in strength, because you will be giving up all your current demonic power to reach a higher level of existence. Any of you who choose to become a Planetary Warden will obtain the might of a Low Cosmic, one step above a Bottom Cosmic. You will become capable of contending with 8th Level Psions, which will make you a formidable existence in protecting your chosen world."

"We have to give up our demonic power?" Emperor Serena asks. "What do you mean by that?"

"I mean what I said." Diablo answers. "To become a Planetary Warden, you must disperse all of the souls in your body and devolve to the level of a mere Demon Grunt. By doing so, the power of a planet can more deeply energize your soul, and you can become a much mightier Cosmic Entity."

Some of the Emperors look at each other with indecisive eyes. Yardrat, in particular, appears unimpressed.

"We have to devolve into Grunts? If I'm not mistaken, that means unlike a Free Warden, when a Planetary Warden leaves their designated planet, they won't possess the power of an Emperor. We'll essentially become trapped on our chosen world. We'll be Low Cosmics, yes, but if we ever need to leave we'll barely be stronger than the average human. This is an unacceptable tradeoff in my eyes."

"To obtain greater power, we demons must make sacrifices." Diablo says, his voice cold. "Do you believe I have become unstoppable in my Archdemon form without paying a high price? I can no longer easily exit Morva's body. I am trapped inside of it, because I have fused my flesh with his. I can no longer partake in the pleasures of mortal life. If you wish to obtain the power to crush planets with the wave of a hand, you will also need to make sacrifices."

Because of Diablo's words, the other Emperors feel an inexplicable sadness. They suddenly realize that while Diablo may feel like an invincible juggernaut, an avatar of glory for demonkind, he has actually chosen to become a prisoner in another entity's body... all in order to assist the rise of his people.

Some of the demons, though not all of them, feel a deep shame from their previously selfish thoughts. They rethink the offer Diablo has made, finding that compared to the price he's paid, the price of becoming a Warden is not nearly as severe...

"If you absolutely must maintain your freedom and attachments to the mortal world, then becoming a Free Warden is your best choice." Diablo explains patiently. "But if you intend to make a greater stand for demonkind... if you are like me and willing to make a deeper sacrifice on behalf of your people to ensure ten billion years of glory... then you should consider the other options."

He pauses to let his words sink in. Then, he continues.

"The final option you may choose is to become a Stellar Warden. Without a doubt, this is in many ways the most restrictive of all the options, but it will also grant you a vast and tremendous power. You will become a Middle Cosmic, capable of even doing battle with our mightiest enemy, the 9th Level Psion known as Founder Dosena. You will possess a power and status equal to myself! By becoming a Stellar Warden, you will be _more_ than capable of defending our core worlds. The Volgrim will not dare to rashly engage in any form of warfare in a star system protected by you... and that is why I hope to convince some of you to accept this heavy burden."

Diablo heaves a great sigh.

"The cost will be unimaginable. You will have to bind your life not only to one or more planets within your chosen system, but its central star as well! You will have to disperse your demonic power entirely, and if you ever attempt to leave the system, you will quickly wither and die! This means your fate will be completely tied to the fate of your star system, so you will have no choice but to defend it with your life!"

He looks at Yardrat deeply.

"This choice I am asking all of you to make is not just about becoming stronger or what benefits you will obtain. It is a strategic decision that requires a degree of selflessness, as well as answering the big question all demons need to ask themselves during the coming years."

"What is 'the big question'?" Yardrat asks.

"That question," Diablo answers, "is... 'what does it mean to be a demon?' Are we parasitic life-forms that feed off the souls of others? Are we flesh-eating creatures that lurk in the shadows, devouring Sentients in the same way as the Plague does? Or can we become more than we are now?"

He continues.

"Demons devour souls to empower themselves. But is that the only method we have to achieve greater heights? Psions become mightier by slowly building up the foundation of their Psionic Seeds. Angels become mightier through the power of Faith. Humans grow through tempering their willpower. Why can't we find a method to grow that does not turn us into soul manipulators? If we were to succeed in this ambition, perhaps we could rise to the rank of Cosmic far more easily."

A strange light flickers in Emperor Serena's sightless eyes. "You speak of the Belial Booster. The Wordsmith has already found a way to empower demons without consuming Sentient souls. Do you believe we might be able to develop our own method?"

"I do." Diablo says softly. "As of now, I don't know what that method might be, but the Belial Booster proves we have more than one road to elevating ourselves. We should earnestly research other avenues as the years pass us by. I hope that someday Planar Wardens will become unnecessary, but at least for now, that is not the case."

After he finishes speaking, Diablo turns to look at Melody expectantly, and this causes all the other demons to do so as well.

For several seconds, a mixture of expressions pass over Melody's face. She frowns, scowls, becomes uncomfortable, then frowns again.

"I... I don't know. Other than becoming stronger, it seems the price I'll have to pay to become a Planetary or Stellar Warden is really high..."

"Yes. Very high indeed." Diablo affirms. "Let me be clear. All of the Warden empowerment methods require you to stand on or around the voidspace of the planet you are assigned in order to wield your Cosmic power. Leaving the voidspace will weaken you back to Emperor if you are a Free Warden, to a Grunt if you are a Planetary Warden, or it will even _kill you_ if you are a Stellar Warden. But if you want to truly commit yourself to our people, to our cause, then I advise you to consider the higher levels seriously."

Diablo gently squeezes Melody's shoulder.

"I know that you wrestle with your failure at Sharmur. You blame yourself for what happened to the demons that lived here. In truth, it was not your fault... but if you wish to take responsibility, then you should earnestly commit yourself to preventing such future tragedies from ever occurring. Sharmur is a Paradise-class world. It would not be appropriate for the demon stationed here to be a selfish-minded Free Warden. We need a true-blooded fighter for the cause to stand up against the Plague and the Volgrim alike. I hope you'll consider this when you make your choice."

Melody closes her eyes. She slowly nods, thinking carefully as she dwells upon Diablo's words.

While she thinks about what type of Warden to become, Emperor Yardrat pipes up. "I have a question, Diablo. If it's true that becoming a Plentary Warden or a Stellar Warden will require us to weaken ourselves to the rank of Grunt, then why are you even talking to us Emperors and Dukes anyway? We should retain our strength! You should just pick a Grunt and empower them to the rank of Warden!"

Several other Emperors blink in surprise. Emperor Fae laughs uproariously. "Hahaha! Well said! I can't believe I didn't think of that! Why ruin a perfectly good Emperor when we can just put some random Grunt in place instead??"

But Diablo does not laugh. He sighs.

"That won't work. The reason an Emperor has to become a Warden is because your bodies and souls have already been tempered over the years by all the souls you've ingested. Even if you disperse your demonic power, you'll still be capable of returning to and surpassing your former strength. If we attempt to force a mere Grunt to elevate themselves... they will immediately explode and die. The power of a Cosmic Entity is just too much for their fragile bodies to handle."

"Oh." Yardrat mutters, feeling a little depressed his idea won't work. "But... that begs another question. How do you know all of this? How do you know about all these Warden ranks and the like?? You've never empowered a Warden before! We'd know if one of our fellow Emperors went missing!"

Diablo remains quiet for a short time.

"You're wrong. The reason I know all of this is because I've already successfully empowered a Warden. The First Emperor and I worked hard on testing that our methods could succeed. We tried empowering Grunts, Lords, and Barons, but all of them either perished in the most violent of ways, or the empowerment simply failed. As for the successful tests, we made our own Emperors by feeding certain Barons enough souls to elevate them to the level of Dukes and Emperors. Finally, we used Emperor Nymph's magic to create the only successful Warden."

Several Emperors blink in surprise. They look at Nymph, only to see an expression of complete confusion on her face. The pretty green-haired demoness looks around at the others, then lifts up her palms. "What? Don't look at me! I have no idea what Diablo's talking about!"

"Nymph doesn't remember because the First Emperor erased her memories." Diablo explains. "The First Emperor's existence is transient. They cannot be properly recalled by mortal minds. Additionally, we wanted to ensure nobody, especially not the Volgrim, found out about our tests. That's why we made sure to do all of this on a remote world in the Northern Quadrant. We kept our activities quiet enough that not even Founder Dosena could sense our presence. The First Emperor additionally erected an Aura Suppression Field around that distant world. Now, the Demon Deity of Solitude protects a world surrounded by the Plague in all directions. No other demons reside on his world. He is constantly under threat. But that ensures he is at his mightiest."

At this revelation, every demon in the audience practically jumps out of their skin. Yardrat audibly gasps. "Wait, you mean to tell us there's another Demon Deity out there? A Warden nobody knows about?! We need to meet him!"

"You don't." Diablo retorts. "Demon Deity Nihilon is a unique existence. The more demons that surround him, the weaker he is. But the more isolated he is, the more powerful he becomes. At this moment, he is even capable of doing battle with the Archdemon on equal terms. He is highly suited for protecting his world from the Plague."

Diablo's eyes flash. He knows that the First Wordsmith is no doubt watching this conversation, but that fact does not matter anymore. He has already begun to enact his great plan. Nothing Jason Hiro does will be able to stop him, not for a while at least.

As for Dosena learning of Demon Deity Nihilon's existence? That won't matter either. Nihilon might be capable of fighting her on equal terms. She won't dare to fly deep into Plague-controlled space to fight him. She has enough on her plate.

"One more question." Yardrat says. "You seem keen on avoiding Free Wardens. Is there no tactical value in having Emperors who can obtain a minor level of Cosmic power without any real downsides?"

"Of course there is. Of course." Diablo says twice. "One problem I have identified is that as we assault Plague-controlled worlds, the time required for me to seize their planetary cores so the Plague can no longer replicate is dependant on how quickly I can neutralize the millions, billions, or perhaps even trillions of Plagueborn living on said world. This is why I had all of you Emperors and Dukes help me, today. The more of you there were, the faster we could cut down these monsters."

He continues. "If too many Emperors become Planetary Wardens or Stellar Wardens, we won't have enough of you to fight on the frontlines. We'll lose momentum and capturing speed! This is why Glinch's pills have come at such a good time. Crude though they might be, his exobeast-pills offer us a new method to empower Emperors! With their help, we can thus make more Wardens, and take over more and more worlds! While the Volgrim are helpless against the Plague and the humans struggle to come back from the brink of extinction, we can use our vast reserves of demons to quickly expand and conquer worlds! We must strike while the iron is hot."

"That's what I thought." Yardrat says. "I think if I'm going to become any sort of Warden, it should be a Free Warden. My powers are much too useful to have me trapped on a world, unable to create portals to elsewhere in the galaxy. I can think of several other Emperors in a similar situation."

"I disagree." Diablo argues. "You are a fantastic candidate to become a Stellar Warden, Yardrat. You could project portals all across the galaxy without needing to leave your designated world. As a Middle Cosmic, you might obtain new powers you never thought possible! Compared to the power granted by a Bottom Cosmic... tsk. I think you're valuing your freedom too much."

Yardrat massages his chin. "Hmm. Possibly. I suppose that's not the worst logic I've ever heard."

"Auger should become a Stellar Warden." Fae says. "His powers are incredibly useful already, and he always stays out of the big fights. If he can become way stronger just by sitting on some backwater planet, we demons might become unstoppable! We'd kick 800 trillion asses with him at our backs!"

"That's certainly worth considering." Diablo says, his tone non-committal. "Ahem. In any case, Emperor Melody. Have you made your choice?"

Melody nods slowly. "I think I have. But to be clear, I can pick any of the options, right? You're letting me decide?"

"It's a permanent choice." Diablo answers. "I don't want to force anyone into something that will drive them insane after a few thousand years. It's best if you choose yourself. I can only tell you the upsides and downsides and let you be the judge of your own fate."

Melody looks around at all the expectant faces. She lowers her eyes, then closes them, heaving a great sigh.

"...alright. I've made my decision, then."