Part 388: The First Founder (Part 2)
Part 388: The First Founder (Part 2)

As Jason walks alongside the First Founder of Volgrimkind, a seemingly passive and benign fellow with no outward aggressiveness, he also communicates with his mind-wife, Fiona, in secret.

[What do you think of the guy so far, honey?] Jason asks. [He's definitely perceptive and picking out new clues about me and my true goals as we speak, but if he couldn't do that much I'd find him lacking as the leader of a Class III galactic civilization.]

For a few moments, Fiona doesn't reply. Jason gazes inwardly, only to see a deep frown on her face.

[Humanity is flawed...] Fiona mutters. [...able to gain spiritual power... not just Heroes with the ability...]

[Fiona?] Jason says.

His mind-wife blinks slowly, as if coming out of a daze.

[I'm just... thinking about some things that happened in the past. Jason, do you remember the battle against the Black Queen?]

[How could I forget?] Jason asks, grimacing. [It was... kind of a traumatic day for me.]

[No doubt.] Fiona says, seeming oddly oblivious to his internal emotions for once. [On that day, I fought Satan the Devil. I couldn't put up much of a fight against him, but... the oddest thing happened while you were unconscious. I tapped into a weak but useful ability I never knew I had. I became, for a short while... able to follow the movements of his Vectors. I could actually see their spiritual energy, something Satan told me should be impossible. Even Archangels could barely manage such a feat.]

Raphael, not too far from Fiona, remains silent. However, the constipated expression on his face only deepens.

[Got anything to say, old man?] Jason asks. [Maybe you want to tell me Unarin is lying?]

Raphael faintly exhales. [Nay. He... is not. Humanity is... indeed... flawed. Thou were designed by Uzziel to be that way.]

[Let me guess.] Jason states. [It was at your behest. You wanted us to be crippled, spiritually.]

Raphael lowers his eyes. [I did.]

[Why?]

Raphael sighs. [Is it not obvious? I wanted for humanity to not pose a threat to my people as the demons did, to give us their internal energy, and to rely on us for protection against the rising threat of demonkind. Verily, when the unexpected appearance of the first Hero appeared, I took steps to place the Heroic Aura under angelkind's control, though I ended up only turning it into a random bestowal of power upon one human per era.]

[I guess that answers one question.] Jason mutters. [The Aura wasn't searching for a 'worthy heir' to its power. Instead, it likely sought out humans with high spiritual potential. Sometimes, those humans would be great kings and conquerers, while other times they would be mere peasants, unable to change their fate in the world. That's why heroes like Shana perished without leaving behind names for themselves.]

Raphael nods. ['Tis as thou sayeth.]

[We'll talk about this later.] Jason says. [Don't think you'll be able to avoid this discussion, _Archangel of Wisdom._ The fact you never mentioned this to me even though you no longer have any reason to hide it... that makes me feel quite suspicious.]

Raphael says nothing. He merely turns away, unwilling to look at Jason's 'mental sense'.

The Wordsmith harrumphs. His chat with Fiona and Raphael, while seemingly long, occurs at the speed of thought. As a result, only a few seconds pass in the real world, while he walks alongside Unarin.

The First Founder turns to look at him, as they pace down one of the halls in Unarin's Sanctum.

"What do you think about those... Felorians?" Unarin questions.

"You know of them?" Jason says.

"Indeed, I do. Do you think humans possessing strange abilities would evade my detection, all these years?" Unarin asks. "I deliberately allowed them to exist. I wished to explore the possibilities for human spirituality. Those humans seem to revere their ancient god, the 'Wind Mother,' as they call her. I care not what silly superstitions they pursue, only their value as research subjects. I even posited that if a certain period of time passed, an existence not too dissimilar from a Hero might emerge among their ranks."

Jason nods slowly. "When I first learned of the Felorians, I thought their ability to imbue themselves with power was... quite bizarre. I thought that perhaps an ancient Titan may have given them that power, or something."

"A Titan!" Unarin exclaims. "Indeed, that would be quite the interesting possibility. It was a Titan who bestowed the Heroic Aura upon humanity. Another may indeed have possessed the power to do so a second time. But, as far as I have seen, it was not a Titan who did so for the Felorians. As to who actually bequeathed them their powers... even I must wonder about that."

"You don't know?" Jason asks, taken aback. "You let the humans evolve random powers... just like that? What if-"

"What if they rose up to threaten my rule?" Unarin asks, smirking at the foolish young human. "A pathetic concept. Why should I fear some random space peasants playing with basic magical abilities? A middling Psion plucked from my auxiliary armies could lay waste to an army of Demon Emperors, let alone a mere backwater primitive civilization. And with this Plague growing ever more frightening, I wouldn't mind if a random powerhouse with divergent abilities appeared."

"Divergent abilities." Jason repeats. "Like mine?"

"Indeed." Unarin says.

The First Founder stops before a seemingly random wall in the corridor. He glances at it, and the wall suddenly slides upward, revealing a hidden inner chamber.

He leads Jason into a secluded hangar bay, not particularly large in size, where they find a small, compact spacecraft, one with room for only four people. Already, one individual sits inside the slender, highly advanced spacecraft's cockpit. Jason recognizes her as Muuxunuu, Unarin's personal servant. His secretary? Administrator? Certainly someone high up in his leadership structure.

"I don't understand." Jason says, glancing with suspicion at the craft. "You're... taking me somewhere?"

"I am." Unarin answers. "It won't take long. Just a quick jaunt off-planet. This is my personal ship, the Founder's Spear. It stands at the peak of what any Technopath can create. Founder Cuanali personally built it for me, along with the heads of a dozen other clans. It may appear small and unimposing... but this vessel is actually more dangerous than an average Seventh-Level Psion."

Jason's heart skips a beat. "What?! That's a ludicrous statement... how could it possibly..."

He shakes his head, ignoring that immediate snap judgement.

"Never mind that. You want to take me off-planet? Why? Where?"

"Are you worried this is my way of quietly getting rid of you?" Unarin asks. "Don't worry. We won't go far. Only about 5,000 lightcycles. Shouldn't take more than a few standard time-units, each way."

Jason quickly mental-maths the Founders's 'casual' statement and frowns deeply.

"5,000 lightyears? Only a few hours? That's... that's a ridiculous speed. Just how fast can this ship go?"

Unarin smiles. "A little faster than you'd expect."

Jason chews his lip for a moment. After mulling Unarin's request, he shrugs. "Alright. Fine. Why won't you tell me where we're going, though?"

"Oh, Wordsmith, come now." Unarin teases. "Don't you have a certain thought in the back of your mind? The thought we Volgrim don't know how to have fun? What a concept. A mud-dweller thinks he possesses knowledge of a concept we do not. Laughable. I quite enjoy a casual prank, I'll have you know. Back in my era, some called me a 'troublesome youth,' if you would believe it."

"I imagine so." Jason says. "Only a 'troublesome youth' would rise up and overthrow the order of his entire species."

"Hahaha. You're smarter than you look." Unarin says, before walking toward the Founder's Spear. A side-entry door opens up, tall enough for him to step inside without stooping over. "Trust me. Even if you hate surprises, I think you'll find what I wish to show you... quite engaging."

Jason feels a hint of foreboding in his heart, but still, he steps inside the Interceptor-sized Luxury Yacht. When he does, he finds himself inside a luxuriously carpeted interior, with tastefully applied gold trim and other such beautiful comforts that even he doesn't find too gaudy. It resembles a decently sized hotel room, but with an alien touch to it.

As the entry closes behind Jason, he glances toward the front of the hundred-foot-long craft, where Muuxunuu sits. The female Ascended turns to look at him, her bright blue eyes contrasting with her rosy pink skin.

"Greetings, Wordsmith." Muuxunuu says, her speech slow, calming, and more than a little alluring. "It is my honor to meet such a powerful human as yourself. I will take you to wherever the First Founder commands. Please take a seat and enjoy the amenities aboard Founder Unarin's personal yacht."

"I saw you during Unarin's 'broadcast.'" Jason says, not bothering to hide his knowledge of Unarin's speech, held just a few weeks earlier. "What sort of role do you play in the Volgrim Empire?"

Muuxunuu gazes at the Wordsmith without a hint of malice, like a princess untouched by the sins and stains of the mortal realm. Unassuming, naïve, and innocent.

"I am merely a tool for the First Founder's uses. I am his hand. I do anything he commands." Muuxunuu says, her voice gentle. "I am an Administrator of his Empire. I am a judge where necessary, and a speaker who can project his will whenever he lacks for time."

"I see." Jason says, nodding slowly. "Thank you for... explaining that."

"It is my pleasure to answer your queries." Muuxunuu says. "You are not only Founder Unarin's guest, but his future friend. It is only natural that I treat you well."

Muuxunuu turns around in her seat to face forward again. She begins pressing buttons on the ship's controls, activating its pre-flight checks to make sure no last-second anomalies occur.

Unprompted, Unarin turns to Jason and speaks.

"Muuxunuu is my most trusted advisor and confidante. Even more than my fellow Founders. Not only is she an Ascended like me, but she has been at my side since the Historical Era, before my people became enlightened, before the advent of the Seven Great Wars."

Jason raises his eyebrows. "You've... been alive that long?"

"Oh, yes. Somewhere in the order of eight million years." Unarin says, closing his eyes and bowing his head sagely. "A long, long time. I fought on the frontlines of all but the final two wars. I met many good people during those dark eras. I watched as brother killed brother, and sister, sister."

While reminiscing on ancient history, locked within his mind, Unarin sighs melancholically, keeping his eyes closed.

"I saw the corruption of the Old Order. The tyrants who sought only their own gains. The unenlightened who pushed for wars among their fellow Volgrim, all to enrich themselves and their dynasties. They kept their serums of immortality locked away, only granting them to easily manipulatable pawns. I had to fight tooth and nail to obtain a vial for myself and Muuxunuu, who was at my side, even then."

Unarin opens his eyes slowly. He gazes past Jason, as if looking through the wall behind him.

"Your species, the humans. They weren't so different from my people's Old Order. Always warring about yourselves, engaging in your petty squabbles. Your minor disputes over land and territory. Too arrogant and self-absorbed to look past your own noses at the beauty of the universe, as well as its vast and unexploited wealth. If humanity had merely gotten its act together for 100 short years, it could have exploded in power by uniting to resist my soldiers. How unfortunate, then, that Marie Becker's rise came a generation too late. She was unable to alter humanity's destiny."

"You say that as if it was an easily solvable matter." Jason grunts. "If my people HAD risen up more quickly, you'd have just pushed your boot down upon them even harder. Their end would have come decades earlier."

Unarin falls silent for a moment.

He slowly shakes his head.

"No. That is not the case. You seem to have a... particular image of me in your head, Wordsmith. You imagine me to be a galactic tyrant, crushing the Milky Way within my claws. Nothing could be further from the truth."

"Yet you did subjugate humanity." Jason points out. "You turned us into chattel. How do you explain that?!"

"Your people..." Unarin says, his voice lowering an octave. "They fooled with forces they should never have touched. That Marie Becker. She was too smart for her own good. She created an _Alpha-level AI_."

Unarin leans forward.

"...Because of her stupidity, her foolish involvement in a weapon of such a catastrophic magnitude, all of my people became frantic with terror. They demanded I stop playing childish games with humanity. As such, I ordered the immediate Total Rendition of Planet Earth. I crushed humanity underfoot and put Marie Becker and her AI under lock and key, never again to breathe the fresh and free air of the galactic power struggle."

"Bullshit." Jason says, narrowing his eyes. "You're lying. If Umi was such a scary AI, why the hell did you let her continue to exist? She's still just as much of a threat as she ever was. And if you have some reason not to fear Umi's existence, then why would you need to subjugate humanity? You're dancing around the truth."

"Have you not seen the Restrictor Chip?" Unarin asks. "Founder Cuanali created it. It is an impenetrable piece of technology designed to ensure no Artificial Intelligence ever passes the boundary of Alpha-level. Were an Omega-Class AI to emerge, the galaxy would surely fall into untold despair. In an instant, the Volgrim could disappear, erased at the molecular level by its machinations. An Omega-Class AI is not something any number of intelligent life-forms could ever hope to defeat. It would be like a pebble trying to grind a mountain to dust."

"The Restrictor Chip..." Jason replies slowly. "Right. I did hear about that. So, what, it guarantees Umi can't advance any further? But you're leaving the chip in Marie's laboratory. Surely, she could just remove the damn thing, or mess with it and weaken its effects. Why wouldn't you just destroy the AI entirely? You're definitely still hiding something!"

Unarin sighs. He leans back against the wall and glances at Muuxunuu, giving her a nod. She looks back at him, then returns her attention to the ship's controls.

The Founder's Spear lifts off the ground, its ascent so smooth that not one of its three occupants even notices the shift in inertia. The wall at the end of the hangar opens up, exposing the outside to the vessel.

A cloaking shield engages, hiding the Founder's Spear from the world around it. So perfectly does the vessel camouflage with its surroundings that it practically disappears into another realm.

As the vessel flies out and up toward the atmosphere, Unarin shakes his head.

"My reasons are... beyond your understanding. Umi is a frightening existence. But as I've aged, my sight has only grown broader with time. Sometimes, when dealing with monsters, one must procure a monster of their own."

"Hmm?" Jason mutters. "What... you intend to make use of Umi?"

"Intend? No. It would only occur if absolutely necessary." Unarin replies, turning to look at the Wordsmith once again. "My people are shortsighted. Even as intelligent overlords of the galaxy, there are countless small-minded Volgrim who must fight their biological urges to act selfishly, against the greater good of their species. When faced with the threat of another Seventh Great War, they will panic and become mindless, fear-addled simpletons. I am not like them. I understand that weapons are always weapons, but enemies are not always enemies forever."

"Man. What is up with you smart-types always talking in riddles..." Jason grumbles. "Just give it to me straight. Why would you keep Umi around if your people fear her? Are you telling me that you, a survivor of those Great Wars, don't also fear her?"

"Of course I do!" Unarin suddenly exclaims, startling Jason.

Unarin stands up from his seat and glares at the Wordsmith with a face full of righteous wrath.

"Do not think to question my motives, Wordsmith! I know more than you! I am older than you! I have seen horrors you cannot comprehend! Your pathetic, primitive mind has yet to encounter a sliver of the Truths this universe holds! Out there, beyond the confines of our tiny galaxy, there exists...!"

Unarin pauses mid-sentence. He quickly closes his eyes and looks away, forcibly stopping himself from saying another word.

"Out there..." Unarin says again, gritting his teeth. "There are creatures you can't imagine. And these Kolvaxians... they are only the weakest of their soldiers. Whatever horrors we stirred up... there may yet come a day when I need to reach toward the forbidden relics sworn off by my people. Survival does not come easily, nor does it come cheap."

Unarin quickly sits back down, still avoiding Jason's gaze.

"I am... burdened by this knowledge. I cannot blithely share it with anyone. Not you, not my fellow Founders... no-one."

Jason's heart beats slower than ever, as if fearing to make a sound.

"...What did you see out there?" Jason asks. "What did you awaken?"

Inside Jason's Mind Realm, a faint spark of light flickers across Raphael's eyes.

Neither the Wordsmith nor his mind-wife notices the expression on Raphael's face. He quickly hides it and assumes a blank look, revealing none of his true thoughts.

The Founder's Spear escapes Volgarius's gravity well. Not long after, it jumps to Warp Speed, accelerating to its maximum speed of Warp 9, an impossible velocity no other ship can easily achieve, certainly not without consuming a vast amount of Trifrancium and terribly endangering the lives of any biological passengers on-board.

Luckily, Unarin's personal yacht stands at the apex of Volgrimkind's technological supremacy. Its occupants only notice a faint tingling in their blood before that sensation quickly fades away.

"What did I see..." Unarin mutters, his voice despondent. "It is better if you don't know. It is best if _no-one_ does. Hopefully, our greed and thirst to spread past the Milky Way won't... doom us all."

Jason stares at the First Founder. He recalls several memories, those given to him by Solomon, when he was shown visions of the Primordial and Ancient Eras.

"You asked me before... if I knew who or what the angels 'truly were.' What did you mean by that, Unarin? Is there something I should know about them? Something beyond just... Raphael hiding secrets about humanity's true capabilities?"

Unarin slowly nods.

"What are the angels? Bringers of life? Creators of all the Sentients in the Milky Way?"

He pauses.

"Or, perhaps, might their origins be more... sinister?"

Jason's eyes flick to Raphael's band, affixed to his right hand's ring-finger.

"Raphael has told me about angelkind's origins. Supposedly, the Creator formed the angels from the dust of the cosmos, then sent them out to..."

Jason frowns.

"...well, actually, I'm not sure what his intention was. If Raphael spoke the truth, the angels just sorta fucked off and killed each other for a good few eons. Then they made the dragons, and fought the dragons. Then they made and fought the Titans..."

Unarin nods slowly. "Destroyers. Fearsome entities, the angels were. You speak of the 'Creator,' Jason, yet have you any idea who 'he' might be?"

"Not a clue." Jason says. "All I know is that the Creator is dead."

Unarin nods. "I have my suspicions regarding that matter. Well. You will understand more once we reach our destination. I have... quite the alarming sight to show you."

"Alarming?" Jason asks. "You implied this would be a surprise I'd enjoy. That doesn't seem to be the case anymore."

"I said you would find it 'engaging.'" Unarin reminds the Wordsmith. "As for what that word means to you, only you can know."

The Wordsmith scowls.

"Always with the wordplay..."