Part 577: Birthday Boy
Part 577: Birthday Boy

While 7 months have passed in Realspace, 58 years have passed in the Hall of Heroes.

Hope Hiro, and the other denizens who have entered extreme time dilation, have not spent those years idly.

The Plague is an ever-present threat. Despite its significantly slowed-down movements, it has become a hundred, if not a thousand times harder to kill any individual Plaguehost. When massed together, an army of Kolvaxians is by all practical measurements an unstoppable force.

Hope has spent the last 58 years developing counters for the galaxy's most fearsome monsters.

Inside a secret containment room inside the Hall of Heroes, a carefully isolated Kolvaxian smashes against a magically enhanced barrier of mundane energy. Comprised of 'Wordsmithium' Hope made in his own way, Hope has placed the monster inside a transparent glass barrier made of essentially unbreakable materials. While a Cosmic level enemy could likely break the _Wordglassium_, as Hope has taken to calling it after communicating with his other self, even a Kolvaxian with a body as formidable as the modern strain cannot escape.

_BOOM!_

_BOOM!_

Mountain-shaking blows smash against the glass over and over, but the impact of the creature's fists dissipate instantly. Thanks to targeted enhancements, Hope has taken great care to ensure the glass is vibration-proof. Any blows struck against it will get canceled out by counter-vibrations. The barrier is so transparent that unless one looks for the smudges of blood where the creature's fists have struck the glass, they won't be able to tell where it starts and where it ends.

Hope and Hans stand at a computer terminal some distance away from the glass enclosure. Hans observes several readings detailing the internal stats inside the containment glass, and he nods to himself as he confirms the readings.

"Tenacious bastard." Hope grunts, watching with his arms crossed.

Hope has long found a way to capture individual Kolvaxians, something even the Volgrim's top scientists could never accomplish. This has allowed him and the people inside the Hall of Heroes to carry out targeted experiments against their future enemies.

"Zey all are." Hans says, looking at his display readouts. "Next, zee nanites."

An instant later, a metal canister teleports into the center of the glass-covered barrier. The Kolvaxian ignores it, mindlessly continuing to strike at the wall.

The top of the canister pops off, and a grey smoke rushes out of it, lunging at the Kolvaxian as if guided by a higher intelligence.

Hope watches. Hans watches.

The Kolvaxian's movements abruptly change. It swats at the grey cloud as if trying to shoo away a swarm of bees. This proves to be the wrong choice, as the cloud easily adheres to the Kolvaxian's limbs and begins burrowing inside.

The moment every nanite from the canister has clamped onto their prey, the Kolvaxian bursts into flames!

Empowered by some unknown magic, the Nanites transform into thousand-degree molten spores, liquefying the Kolvaxian's insides. Its durable bones shudder and weaken. Its skin rapidly blackens, then peels off and slops to the floor in a disgusting, putrid display that makes Hope's eyes water. The creature staggers, trips, and falls to its knees, its movements becoming indescribable.

The Kolvaxian finally becomes inert. It flops lifelessly to the ground, its body only twitching reflexively, no longer through any conscious effort.

Hope grins. He squeezes Hans' shoulder. "Amazing. Yet another success. You never have a bad day, do you?"

Hans doesn't appear quite as satisfied. "Zee nanites are not reusable. A single canister only kills one Kolvaxian. Zis is not a good long-term strategy."

"It's a weapon that can kill previously-thought-unkillable enemies." Hope says, his smile turning gentler. "Don't lose sight of that. Every weapon in our arsenal is another tactic we can use against these monsters."

"I will keep working on zee other armaments." Hans says with a wave of his hand. "You may go. Zees are all zee demonstrations I have to show you today."

Hope nods at Hans. He shoots one last glance at the Kolvaxian as its body crumbles to ash, then he turns and exits the Containment Hall.

"Hey! There you are!" Amelia says the moment he steps into a nearby Hall of Recreation, one of many scattered around the Hall of Heroes. This particular one has a large park with simulated sunlight, hundreds of trees and flowers, and more than a few Technopaths who have been assigned to its daily care.

Hope smiles at his wife. Despite having aged nearly 60 years, Amelia is just as young and beautiful as ever, with not even a hint of aging visible on her face. She looks exactly the same as the day she entered the Hall of Heroes, as does Hope.

"The test was a success." Hope says, as he walks over and plants a kiss on his wife's cheek. The two of them were married over 6 months ago in Realspace terms; 56 years in the Hall's time-frame. "One dead Kolvaxian, served crispy-fried."

"That's great!" Amelia chirps, before suddenly falling silent and looking at Hope intently.

Hope blinks.

"What?"

She doesn't answer.

"What??" Hope asks. "Is there something on my face?"

Amelia frowns. "Hope! It's Blake's birthday! I told you last week it was coming up! How could you forget?!"

"Oh, _shit_." Hope curses, slapping his face. "That was today? I completely forgot..."

"Boys only turn sixteen once." Amelia chides him gently. "We need to make today a special one for him."

"I already made him his present." Hope says. "I'm just glad you reminded me before it was too late. Did you make a cake or anything?"

"Darn right I did." Amelia snickers. "I suppose I could have you magic one out of thin air, but nothing beats home cooking!"

"That's for sure." Hope says. "Now, uh, give me fifteen minutes, then bring Blake over to the Forging Hall. I'll get Mandy and Levi so we can surprise him."

Amelia nods, shoots Hope a sweet smile, then scampers away. Hope can't help but take in the sight of his wife's backside as she zips around the corner.

"Hate to see her leave, but I love to watch her go." Hope chuckles slyly to himself.

Hope turns and leaves. He heads the opposite direction, to the Hall of Forging, where the ancient Heroes construct artifacts of different types. The moment Hope steps inside, he blinks in surprise upon spotting his oldest son, Levi, and his middle daughter, Mandy, aged 50 and 30 respectively. The two of them stand with more than three dozen Heroes, including the Heavenly Blacksmith, Elizabeth Kindelmann, alongside many others.

"You're already here?" Hope asks.

"Well YEAH." Mandy snarks. "Unlike you, _daddy_, we've known it was Blake's birthday all week. Don't tell me you forgot and mom had to remind you."

"Ah... haha... I do have his present ready. I just... forgot it was today." Hope says helplessly. "OH! Right, that means I need to bring your aunt and uncle here! One moment."

Hope focuses his attention for half a second.

"**Locate. Locate. Examine. Return. Return.**"

Just like that, Neil Adams and his wife, Linda Adams, appear inside the Hall of Forging before Hope. Linda, looking just a little bit pregnant, leans onto Neil as she blinks in surprise.

"Oh! Is it now?"

"It is." Hope answers. "Hey Neil, Hey Linda. It's Blake's birthday, so I wanted you two to be here for it. He'll be here in just a few minutes."

"I didn't get to bring his present." Linda says, disappointed. "I didn't realize you'd pop me over so abruptly."

"Where is it?" Hope asks. "I can teleport it here."

While Hope quickly takes care of those matters, Neil sizes up Hope's other two children, Levi and Mandy.

"Wow, look at you." Neil says, appreciating Levi's incredibly muscular and powerful body. The faint glimmering of scales can just barely be seen beneath his skin. Levi's thick black hair gives him an almost feral, animalistic appearance. "You have only grown more impressive since I last saw you, boy."

Levi smiles. "Thanks, Uncle Neil. I train in the Battle Chamber every day. My father has a strict workout regimen prepared for me, and I always follow it to the T."

"And Mandy!" Neil says, leaning over to kiss the pretty middle-aged woman's cheek. "You're as beautiful as your mother. Have you made any fun new discoveries?"

Unlike Blake, who has shaggy black hair, Mandy has soft, brown, bouncy hair with some light curls. Her coquettish smile belies her true nature as a scientist and experimenter. She bats her long eyelashes at Neil and smiles.

"More than a dozen in the last year! Crafting new runes is always such an exciting venture, but I never have enough materials. Say! Uncle, since my birthday is coming up in a few months, could you maybe try and secure some new Exotics for me? Our supplies are running low and I use them up faster than Realspace can replenish them."

"Exotics, huh?" Neil mumbles. "Easier said than done. The number of exotics present on human-controlled worlds is practically none. We might have luck with Pixiv, but the demon and Volgrim worlds are still no-go zones. Maybe I can try bartering with one of the Deities..."

Suddenly, Hope speaks up. "He's coming!"

Just like that, Hope and his kids, as well as Linda and Neil, sneak off to hide while the Heroes who usually populate the Hall of Forging return to their busywork, acting as if nothing is amiss.

Moments later, Amelia and a teenage boy step into the Hall, with the young man looking a little perplexed.

"But why does she need me, mom?" Blake asks.

"Elizabeth is working on a shadow-affinity artifact." Amelia explains. "We're hoping it will resonate extremely well with you. And if it doesn't, well, there's always..."

"SURPRISE!"

Suddenly, Blake's extended family jumps out of several prepared positions, startling the young man and making him burst into a huge grin.

"You guys DID remember!" Blake exclaims. "Oh, I should have known you were trying to trick me, mom! Hahaha!"

Levi and Mandy both laugh, delighted at Blake's genuine surprise. Levi claps his little brother on the back, nearly knocking Blake off his feet. Luckily, Blake manages to stabilize himself by attaching his feet to a stray shadow cast by his sister's body.

"Happy birthday, son." Hope says, wrapping an arm around Blake's shoulders. "Sixteen years old, about to become your own man. Everyone here got you a present, but naturally dad's present is the best!"

"AHEM." Amelia coughs, clearing her throat. "That's why _dad_ is going to go last!"

"I don't care about the presents." Blake says with a huge smile. "I'm just glad Uncle Neil and Aunt Linda made it. Why don't you two visit more often?"

Neil smiles helplessly and shakes his head. "Young man, if Linda and I were to come for every one of your birthdays, we'd never get anything done! Each of you ages a year every three-and-a-half Realspace days. That means you'll have a birthday roughly every one of our days! I can't afford to be coming here constantly when there's so much to do in Realspace."

"Oh, yeah." Blake says, his smiling fading a little. "Dad, when can I go and visit Realspace?"

"Your brother and sister already do, once in a while." Hope says. "But you have to wait 'til you're eighteen. Then you can go if you like. I don't recommend visiting too often, though. You'll suddenly find your siblings are tens of years older than before if you're gone too long!"

"Yeah, but we're immortal." Blake points out. "The whole 'years' thing doesn't really matter, does it?"

"When you're sixteen, one year is 1/16th of your life." Hope explains. "The individual years matter less and pass quicker once you're a hundred, a thousand, and so on. That's what I've picked up from the Technopaths, anyway. For now, you really don't want to miss all that potential bonding time with your siblings."

"Yeah, yeah." Mandy says, waving her dad's words away. "Now enough with the philosophy. Come on, Blake! Let's open your presents!!"

Everyone quickly gathers around, including the many different ancient Heroes of the Forging Hall. Blake opens one present after another, each one an absolutely shocking artifact, priceless treasure, or even heartwarming gift carefully planned for the birthday boy.

"Wow! These two daggers are great!" Blake exclaims. "Thanks, Aunt Elizabeth!"

"They should meld well with your shadow-powers." Elizabeth says, smiling sweetly at her adopted nephew. "Be sure to practice with them later."

"Is this a new Exosuit variant?" Blake asks, looking at his mom a minute later.

"Yes, it's similar to mine. It's called a Spectre T-REX, I asked Phoebe to custom-build one for you. You can consider this a joint gift from her and me both. She did want to apologize for not visiting, but you know how she feels about entering Hypertime, especially now that she's had the baby."

Blake grins widely. "That's fine! When I go to realspace I'm gonna give her a big hug! For now, I'll just have to give you a hug first, mom!"

Spoiled half to death, Blake gets one present after another. Even his Aunt and Uncle give him something special.

"This is from me, Linda, and Hans." Neil says, as he hands a small spherical device to the young man. "I'll admit, Hans did all the work building it, but Linda and I worked for a few days on the concept when we had free time. We deserve a little credit."

"Rotate the top and bottom of the sphere in opposite directions." Linda says helpfully, as she gestures to the small metal orb in Blake's grasp. "It has two settings."

Invisible question marks pop up over the teenage boy's head. Puzzled, he rotates the top clockwise, then counter-clockwise. An image of Neil suddenly materializes in the air, a small hologram that floats over top of the sphere.

Holo-Neil smiles at Blake. "Hey, Blake. I'm here whenever you need me now. Always ready to talk if you want to vent."

Blake flinches in surprise. He looks at his aunt and uncle in disbelief.

"Wait, so this...?"

"It's a sphere that contains holo-clones of our current selves." Neil explains. "As time goes on, those two will diverge from the Linda and me of today, but still, they're effectively a lot like us. We actually had the idea because of Phoebe and her spiritual clone, Fiona. I'd be honored if you could help our clones choose new names."

Blake quickly rotates the orb in the opposite direction, causing a projection of Linda to appear instead. For a brief moment, he falls silent. Then, tears well up in his eyes.

"This... this is such a great present. Th-thanks, Aunt Linda. Uncle Neil. I... I always wished I could see you more."

"Oh, sweetie. You don't need to cry." Linda says, her heart warming upon seeing his reaction. She reaches over and pulls him in for a hug, while Neil does the same. "We're just sorry we couldn't be here for you more often."

"When you deactivate the sphere, our clones will go into hibernation." Neil says. "For them, between activations, only an instant will pass. Just twist the sphere whenever you feel lonely. It's not as good as us being here in person, but it's the next best thing."

Blake wipes his teary eyes. "This is... it's so good... thank you both, so much..."

Hope watches his son crying, feeling a hint of dismay deep within himself.

Unfortunately, none of Hope's kids have lived normal lives. 'Normal', of course, being a difficult-to-define word. They've mostly been stuck inside the Hall of Heroes, which is indeed a massive dimensional space, but feels too clean and pristine compared to the rawness of Realspace.

Hope wishes his children could have lived with their fellow humans and grown up around other children their ages. But unfortunately, the circumstances did not allow for such a thing to occur.

The Plague's threat has only become more omnipresent. Time is not on humanity's side. Hope's children will someday become core protectors of the human species. They cannot afford to age slowly and peacefully. They must reach their full potential, and _soon_.

"One last present, son." Hope says. "Honestly, it's not as good as Neil and Linda's holo-clones, but... well, I just thought it was neat."

Hope holds out a small box with a bow on top. Blake takes it, then unwraps it to reveal a blue, oval-shaped object with a scaled pattern covering its exterior.

The teenager blinks. "An egg?"

"That's right, son. And not just any egg. This is actually the egg of a recently deceased exobeast on Pixiv. It's a type of winged serpent... kind of like the old Chinese Dragons of ancient Earth myths. Probably not as cool, but, you know."

Hope shrugs. "I was thinking of getting you a dog, but personally, I thought an exobeast pet would be a lot more fun. If you don't want it..."

"What do you mean?!" Blake exclaims. "Of course I want it! I get a freaking exobeast?! Dad, this present is so cool! Thank you, thank you!!"

Blake hugs his father, making Hope and Amelia smile warmly at each other.

"I don't know much about the creature, so I don't know when it will hatch. I don't even know what it eats... but I had Mandy put a seal on it so it won't attack humans once it's hatched. That way it'll be safe to handle."

"I'll take good care of it. I promise." Blake swears solemnly. He looks at his older brother. "Levi, did you ever get a pet?"

"Nah. Didn't really want one." Levi says, rustling his brother's hair. "I know you're gonna love this little guy though. Or girl, maybe. I actually helped dad get the egg. Unfortunately, its mother died during an attack by another exobeast, so the egg would have likely withered and died if we hadn't found it in time."

Blake's birthday party continues for a while longer. Amelia reveals the large cake she made with the help of one of the Technopaths, and all the people except for the spiritual-bodied Heroes partake in the confection, crowing about how amazing Amelia's cooking has become over the last fifty-plus years.

"I sure hope it's improved!" Amelia laughs. "Not like I've got much else to do around here than train in the Queen Network and raise my kids!"

"Oh, you use the Queen Network?" Linda asks, surprised. "I haven't seen you in there."

"I don't bother with the ranked ladder." Amelia explains. "I also play asynchronously, so I play against recorded opponents, not live battles. The time dilation makes it impossible to join the live leagues. Oh! I also play with the original power level of the Black Queen, so... I tend to fight against projections of Demon Emperors and other similar powerhouses."

Linda glances at Neil. He nods. "I heard about it from Hope a few months back. The Queen Network has been instrumental in helping offer a solid training platform for our troops, Amelia, so I want to thank you for all the hard work you and the Fairies have put into maintaining and updating it."

Blake perks his ears up. "The Queen Network? Mom, can I join it now? I'm sixteen. I'm practically an adult!"

Amelia starts to reject him, but then she pauses and tilts her head.

"Hmm. I suppose that's fine. You have your powers now, but putting you up against an experienced demon opponent might be too much. Let's start with one of Jepthath's Legionnaires, okay? We'll call it my birthday present to you. But FIRST, young man, you go and put that egg your dad gave you somewhere warm. Make sure to take good care of it until it hatches, okay?"

"Okay, sure! Just gimme a few minutes and I'll be right back!" Blake shouts, before jumping up, carefully grabbing the egg, and hauling ass out of the Forging Hall to head back to his personal dormitory

After Blake leaves, the adults remain quiet for a few moments.

"Hope, when we're done here, would you mind sending me and Linda over to Volgarius?" Neil says, interrupting the silence.

"Volgarius?" Hope asks, surprised. "What for?"

"I have a meeting with Founder Unarin today." Neil explains. "I was going to ask you to teleport us there before I remembered it was Blake's 16th. Might as well kill two birds with one stone."

Hope nods slowly. "You want to go there alone? No bodyguards? At least let me go with you, or heck, why not bring Levi along?"

"Absolutely not." Neil says, raising his palm decisively. "Hope, optics matter. Going there with Linda gives an impression of strength. We already have a Wordsmith in the back wing. Unarin won't try anything. But bringing your oldest son would send a message of weakness, implying we need backup or we fear reprisal. I also don't think Levi would be able to stand up to Dosena or even the Executors, so why put him in a position of danger?"

"Uncle Neil's right." Levi agrees with a nod of his head. "With so much uncertainty swirling around the Plague, now is not the time to look weak in front of the Volgrim."

Hope shrugs. "Well, alright then. I'll be keeping an eye on you though, Neil. In case you need help. I'll give you a talisman you can activate that will instantly alert me if any tomfoolery happens."

"That much is fine." Neil says. "I'll be relying on you."

Some time later, after Blake's birthday party concludes, Hope sends Neil and Linda back to Realspace, then he watches as his wife and kids head out with Blake over to the Hall of Competition, where the Queen Network Nodes await.

Hope, however, remains behind. His expression becomes solemn.

_Neil didn't tell me he set up a meeting with Unarin. I haven't been keeping much of an eye on him or anyone else over the last few years. To think I let something this important slip past me..._