Part 130: Emperor of the Damned
Part 130: Emperor of the Damned

"Oy! I found it! Over here."

Satan pauses his digging to follow Bael's voice. The big demon slaps several rocks aside to reveal a small opening in the ground. Behind him, a five-foot heap of dirt sits in a giant pile.

"Nice work, Bael. Let's get in there. I'd hate to keep Valac waiting."

Satan stretches his arms and pops his spine. A spasm of pain rips through our chest from all the bones Bael broke when he tried to 'wake us up.'

_Damn. Usually, I might kill myself to regenerate, but now that I know death means losing a soul, I'd rather not take a chance. Better to grin and bear the pain than potentially lose my Vectors._

Samael's body forms in our mind's eye. "So, thou art going to battle Valac in his domain. I'm surprised. I assumed thou would'st think more carefully about the threat he poses, given he might be capable of reaping all thy souls with a single attack."

"Doubtful," Satan murmurs, keeping his voice low as he strides across the crater to Bael's side. "Maybe Valac can reap all of my souls at once, or maybe he can only take 'em one at a time. Either way, I don't intend to die even once to his pathetic little-"

"Satan! Stop talking to yourself, weirdo!" Bael says, interrupting us as we draw near. "That shit's creepy."

"Sorry," Satan says, raising his voice. "Just thinking out loud."

Bael sticks his thumb over his shoulder and points toward the still-unconscious Sunshine Brothers. "You gonna leave 'em alive?"

"Of course. I wouldn't dream of killing a fellow demon. They've only inconvenienced me in the long run."

"Mmm..." Bael grunts. "I guess that makes sense. What about Valac?"

"He hasn't welcomed me with open arms... so I can't say I won't break a few bones. But, all things considered, I don't want to _kill_ him. We'll see what happens."

"You're the boss."

Satan uses his Vectors to widen the entrance to Valac's den. He and the big guy step inside. Bael kneels slightly to fit through the opening, but once we enter, the tunnel widens noticeably, allowing him to stand at his full height with room to spare.

Torches illuminate the caverns. A few lie scattered on the ground, their wall sconces destroyed and fires snuffed out from Satan's thunderous attack half an hour previously, but the rest stand at attention, lighting the path forward. The Devil gently kicks one aside and frowns.

"Hm. I'm surprised Valac didn't send anyone else to greet us."

"We already beat Tweedle-dum and Tweedle-dee," Bael replies. "Ain't nobody left for him to send. Nobody stronger'n them, that's f'sure. Well... _almost_ nobody."

Both demons begin walking down the corridor. Our footsteps punctuate the still air, echoing far into the distance ahead.

Soon, we arrive at a junction where the hall splits off into three directions. Similar to the Labyrinth, which I've traversed several times, none of the paths give any indication of their final destination. If Satan intends to find Valac, it seems he will have to choose a direction randomly.

Satan closes his eyes. "Hmm. Left, right, or straight ahead. Which way do you think we should go, Bael?"

The big guy shrugs. He points to the right. "Smells like meat that way. Up ahead smells like fresh cunt. The other way smells like dirt."

"I didn't know you had such a sensitive nose."

"Yeah. It's one of the top three things bitches love about me."

"What are the other two?"

Bael rubs his chin. "Take a guess, smartass."

"Pass."

Satan opens his eyes. "We'll go left."

"Aww, I wanna get my screw on."

"There will be plenty of time for that later. Focus. Don't forget why we came here."

Bael scrunches up his face. "Uh, shit... now that you mention it..."

"Devils. Follow me, numbskull."

Satan turns and marches left. Bael follows us. "I said it smelled like dirt. Why would ya wanna go this way?"

"Because. Something tells me Valac doesn't want our encounter to become public. I bet he told all his minions to avoid us. We'll go where the deafening silence calls out."

Bael seems unconvinced. "'Izzat an edumacated guess?"

"Based on what I know of Captain Ivory, yes."

...

Minutes tick past. Satan and Bael slowly pace down the hallways, turning left, right, sometimes going straight ahead as they follow Bael's nose.

"I'm lost," Bael mutters. "Satan, are we even going the right way? Everything looks the same. Swear I've seen that bloody speck on the wall three or forty times."

"You can't even count to four," Satan says, rolling his eyes. "Yes, I'm certain. I sensed a faint trickle of demonic energy when we entered Valac's den. Every turn we've taken has made that sensation increase. We're close, now."

"Ain't seen a single demon, male or female, since we got here," Bael murmurs. "Quieter than a graveyard down here."

Satan purses his lips. "A graveyard. Hmm."

We round a few more corners. Every muscle in Satan's body tightens as we enter a large, domed room, carved into the underground catacombs.

A single, iron throne sits against the furthest wall. It stands fifteen feet tall and five feet wide, as if someone constructed it for a gigantic being to sit in; someone nearly Gabriel's size. Above it, two chandeliers hang from the ceiling, each lined with a dozen candles. Only half the wicks have been lit, barely illuminating the room. Bones litter the floor, both animal and demon alike.

In the center of the chamber, a single demoness in a blue dress stands alone, waiting for us. Scratches, cuts, and bruises line her face, chest, and arms. Under normal circumstances, I might call her beautiful, but right now, she appears small, pitiful, and afraid, as though she were a victim of domestic abuse.

Satan and Bael stop just inside the entrance. The Devil's voice catches. "N... Nerissa?"

Nerissa stares at me. Several emotions flick across her face, but it takes several seconds before she says anything. "Satan. I... I didn't know it was going to be you. Master Valac told me... a great enemy would appear. I thought he meant Uriel."

"Great enemy?" Satan echoes the succubus and takes a few steps toward her. "What are you on about? Where's Valac?"

As if in response to our question, an eleven-foot tall figure materializes out of thin air behind Nerissa. The Grim Reaper, even taller than when I last saw him, dwarfs the six-foot succubus with his shadow. His ragged black robes spill to the ground, enveloping her feet in darkness. The newcomer gently rests a bony hand on Nerissa's shoulder, sending a shiver down her back.

I can't see Valac's skull beneath his hood. Only two pinpricks of red light reveal his eyes. The Reaper stares at us for a few moments before speaking. "Welcome back, Satan, my long lost friend. You vanished ages ago; I thought you'd met your end."

Nerissa bows her head, unable to meet our gaze. Satan searches her face for a moment before stepping closer to her and the Reaper. "I didn't come here to fight, Valac. I came to make peace. I don't care what grudge you've got against me, Nerissa has nothing to do with it. Let her go."

Valac retracts his hand from Nerissa's shoulder and allows it to hang at his side. "You want to settle our dispute? I doubt that is your intention. More likely, you've come to stage an intervention. You think yourself the king of all demons, noble and wise, but I see only a fellow soul manipulator, one whom I despise."

The Reaper slaps one of his other palms against Nerissa's back and shoves her forward. The succubus stumbles slightly, but reorients herself without complaining.

"You know what to do," Valac murmurs. "Eliminating unwanted vermin is up to you."

Nerissa stiffens. "Master Valac... you want me to... to kill..."

Valac doesn't respond. Instead, he takes a few steps back and sits on his throne.

His eyes meet mine.

"I understand," Nerissa whispers. After closing her eyes, the succubus summons an ice-sword in each hand. "I cannot disobey Master Valac's commands. Prepare yourself, Satan."

"What?! You're gonna fight me? Nerissa? Nerissa!"

Satan jerks back in surprise as the succubus plants her foot in the ground and rockets toward us. Before Satan can react, Bael jumps forward. The big guy holds up his palms, allowing Nerissa's swords to explode into fragments against his hardened skin.

"She ain't herself!" Bael yells. "I'll hold her off! You take out the Reaper."

Hardly have the words left Bael's mouth before Nerissa ducks his grasp, slides under his legs, and kicks him in the back. Her impressive strength, easily on par with Belial's, sends Bael flying forward. He hits the ground with a _whump_ and slides on his face.

By the time Bael has jumped to his feet, uninjured, Nerissa has already summoned a two-handed warhammer of ice. She swings it at Satan's back, but the Devil reacts much faster this time. Three of our Vectors fan their palms out and catch the hammer before it hits us. The other invisible limbs plant themselves in the ground to brace us, and a single one lashes out to trip Nerissa.

"Ah!" She yelps in surprise and falls on her side, bashing her ribs against the ground.

Satan winces. "Get ahold of yourself! What's wrong with you? I thought we were-"

"We are!" Nerissa yells as she jumps to her feet. She claps her hands together, summoning a wall of ice, and sends it flying at me with a powerful shove. "But, I have to obey Master Valac!"

All our Vectors come together to block the half-ton block of frozen water as it slides toward us. Satan winces as its full weight hits us like a meteor, tears us from the ground, and slams us into one of the walls.

Satan's mind races. _I don't get it! Why is my girl working for Valac? What slimy, skeevy shit is he pulling?!_

Angered, the Devil uses one of his Vectors to karate-chop the ice-wall in front of us. We slice it like a hot knife through butter, then fling both halves aside...

...Just in time to see Nerissa rushing us with a sharpened polearm.

_Crap!_

Satan starts to block her with his Vectors, but Bael comes to the rescue. He tackles the succubus and smashes her against the wall, then grabs her by the neck to hold her in place. "Come on, Satan, I've got her pinned! Get Valac!"

Bael puts all his strength into pressing Nerissa against the wall, but she resists mightily. Within seconds, the succubus wraps one of her hands around his thumb, while using the other for the rest of his palm. She inhales after giving herself breathing room, and spits wads of ice at Bael, smacking him in the face.

"Gah! Stop it!" Bael yells, using his free hand to wipe his face. "Save the kinky shit for the relief chambers!"

Luckily, Nerissa's attacks only serve to annoy Bael. They don't injure him at all.

Satan flicks his eyes to Valac. The Grim Reaper leans against the arm of his throne casually, as if he hasn't the slightest concern for his life.

"_Bastard,_" Satan snarls. Using our Vectors, we fling ourselves across the room to pounce at Valac. "I don't know what you did to my girl, but I'm gonna pay you back a hundred-fold!"

Satan rears back his fist, aiming to crush Valac's skull into dust.

Suddenly, the Grim Reaper vanishes. Nerissa appears in his place, a look of confusion on her face.

"Shit!" Satan yells as he tries to pull his punch.

Unable to stop our momentum, we plow into the succubus with enough force to shatter the iron throne and embed two feet into the wall behind it. The chamber shakes from our impact.

Satan gasps for breath. "Ahh... Nerissa... where..."

We open our eyes to see Nerissa inside the wall, crushed between us and the rocks. She blinks. "Th-that hurt. Ass!"

"Don't blame me," Satan grunts. "Blame Valac. It's his fault-"

We don't get to finish our sentence. Nerissa summons ice from every pore of her body and sends it rushing at us. She flings us from the crater even more violently than before. Satan hits the floor, rolls several times, and skids to a stop.

The Devil clutches his broken ribs, the ones injured during Bael's 'resuscitation' when he tried to wake us up earlier. Those, combined with the light wounds he's suffered during this quick but savage battle against Nerissa, slow his movements dramatically.

Satan climbs to his feet. He gasps and wheezes as he watches Nerissa jump out of the hole. She breathes evenly, apparently unhurt from our accidental assault. 

"Why... why are you fighting me?" Satan asks. "I don't get it. Is it my fault? Valac's? Did he do somethin' to you?"

Nerissa's eye twitches. "It doesn't matter."

"Yes, it does!" Satan yells. We take a step toward her, but dizziness catches us off-guard. Satan seems to have suffered a concussion. "I... I love you, baby. I spent all my time in the Cosmic Realm thinking about you. We don't have to fight. We don't!"

"Cosmic Realm?" Nerissa asks. "I don't know what you mean. All I know is... if... if I don't kill you.... then..."

Satan nods. He waits for her to elaborate, but she doesn't. "Then what? What happens?"

Nerissa purses her lips. A look of anxiety crosses her face. "You're a strong demon, Satan. But... Valac... you can't beat him. Nobody can. He's immortal. I've watched him die a thousand times, only to revive seconds later."

Satan's eyes flick to Bael. The muscled behemoth takes a step toward the succubus, but Satan shakes his head. _No. Don't. This is between my girl and me._

Bael catches the look in our eyes. With a shrug, he retreats a step. _Suit yourself._

We return our gaze to Nerissa. "Baby, I don't know what Valac has told you, but... I'm immortal too. I can protect you. No matter how much that bastard's hurt you, or threatened you-"

"You can't!" Nerissa yells. Her lower lip trembles as tears well in her eyes. "Valac is everywhere, Satan! He can appear anywhere on Earth in the blink of an eye! Nowhere is safe from him! Nowhere!!"

Blind rage and anguish spread across the succubi's face. She summons two more ice-swords and coils her legs to jump at me. "You weren't there for us, Satan! You don't know what we've been through!"

Like an enraged tigress, Nerissa pounces.

She clears the fifteen-foot gap in a split second and swings her swords to decapitate us.

Satan winces. _Might as well use this chance to regenerate. I won't hurt Nerissa, no matter how badly she wants to kill me, even if Valac is pulling her strings like a puppet._

The swords rush at our neck. Satan doesn't move to block them.

At the last instant, Nerissa falters. She turns the weapons sideways and hits the left side of my head with the flats of the blades, shattering them against my cheekbone and ear. Her stupendous strength batters Satan aside, sending us careening to the right.

_Whump, whump, THUD!_

We smash into the wall headfirst.

Satan's eyes darken. The world spins and stars dance in our eyes.

"Aaooo... guh..."

Blood spills down our face. Despite the lack of pain, I instantly realize Nerissa's attack shattered our skull.

Darkness takes us.

We awaken a short few moments later. Satan's head and body regenerate as he heals from death. We jump to our feet to see Valac once again standing behind Nerissa. She bows her head contritely as shame passes over her face.

Valac reaches his hand out and strokes Nerissa's long, blue hair, making her tremble in fright. "Oh, dear, how little surprises me anymore. I ordered you to kill Satan, but you've proven to be a worthless whore. I will give you one final order, and you had _better_ comply. Kill Satan to prove your loyalty, or your sister will _die_."

Nerissa clutches her hands to her chest. She never raises her eyes from the floor. "B-but, Master Valac... surely... surely there's another way we could... ahh!"

Her words cut off, and she whimpers as Valac wraps his fingers around her ponytail and tugs hard, yanking her head back to gaze into his eyes. 

The Reaper uses one of his arms to caress her neck. "Are you questioning me? Have you forgotten your loyalty?"

"No... no... I... I didn't... hnn..."

Puzzle pieces click in Satan's mind. _That sick, twisted bastard... he's using Belial to control Nerissa! Gah! I'm a moron! I should have realized!_

Satan stomps toward Valac. Our feet impact the ground with enough force to leave footprints in the hardened tiles. "You fucking coward. I always knew you were pure slime, but this is the lowest of the low. How dare you manipulate my girl using her sister!!"

Valac's fingers tighten around Nerissa's neck. He raises his lower and upper left arms, summons his scythe in his grasp, and holds its tip to Nerissa's heart. "Don't take another step, or Nerissa will breathe no more. I hoped you might return, so I could make you grovel on the floor."

Satan stops. Our eyes flick from Nerissa's terrified face to the figure towering above her. "Is that what this is all about? Revenge? Are you still pissy because I kicked your ass one time? That was practically an eternity ago, Valac. Get over it. You're... you're acting pathetic!"

Valac's fingers tighten around his scythe. "Do not mock me. Her life is in your hands."

The Devil flinches. Sweat drips down the back of his neck. "What do you want? You want me to bow? Is that it?"

Valac pulls his scythe an inch away from Nerissa's heart. "Hmm. I wonder."

Satan grinds his teeth together. "You sicken me. No honor. No respect. Why don't we settle this the right way? You and me... mano-a-mano. If you win, I'll bow. I'll admit your superiority."

Slowly, Valac shakes his head. He brings the scythe closer and nearly touches Nerissa's skin. "That won't do."

Our fists squeeze together hard enough to pulverize concrete. "Goddamnit! Fuck you! You dickless piece of shit!"

Bael appears at my side. "Don't do anything stupid, boss. If that scythe touches your girl..."

Tears flow down Nerissa's face as she stares up at Valac, unable to tear her eyes off his. She stays silent, hoping, pleading in her mind that we can somehow save her.

Valac loosens his hand from around the succubi's neck. Slowly, deliberately, he slides it up past Nerissa's chin to cover her mouth and nose.

"I have an idea. Ooh, this will be **fun**! I'll stimulate Nerissa's worm, and bring this battle to completion. Unable to resist, she will plead and beg... but you will kill her yourself, or allow her mind to break."

Satan's eyes widen. He stares in horror as dark energy pours from Valac's palm into Nerissa's mouth and nose. The succubus squirms and wriggles as she tries to yank Valac's hand off her face. She fails. His vice-grip proves too strong to remove.

"Motherf-" Satan barks out a single word, slams his Vectors into the ground, and charges at Valac. "Bael! Get him! Stop the bastard!"

Bael doesn't hesitate. He launches at Valac right as I do, as if he's been ready for action the whole time.

"Boss! He's gonna turn on the worm! Stop 'im!"

Satan nods. His vision turns to red as he performs several intricate signs and conjures forth fire from one of the many souls within himself.

We aim our palm at Valac and unleash a massive fireball; one fueled by our incredible inner mana reserves. It flies at Valac's head and detonates on the Reaper's skull, blasting his bones to smithereens. Valac tears away from Nerissa and smashes against the wall. 

Satan grabs his girl and bats the scythe away with one of our vectors. Bael continues onward to the Reaper and pounds Valac's body. He punches the rags with all his strength, but he's too late.

The Reaper has vanished.

"Ahh... nnn..." Nerissa writhes in our arms. She clutches her head and winces. Specks of blood drip from her nose. "No... no... I can't... I mustn't..."

"Nerissa!" Satan's face pales. "What's wrong, baby? How can I help?"

The succubi's palm lashes out. She pounds me in the ribs, knocking me back. Satan's Vectors jump out and grab the ground, stopping us after only a few feet.

Satan advances toward Nerissa. He lands half a foot away and kneels to rest a hand on her shoulder. "What's the matter? Why'd you hit me?"

"Nnn..." Nerissa squeezes her eyes shut. "Valac's worm... it tells me... I have to kill... to kill... no! I won't! I... I can't!"

"NYEHEHE!" Valac's cackle bounces around the room. His voice comes from everywhere at once. "What's wrong, Nerissa?! You need to get a grip! If you can't resist my worm, your sanity will slip!!"

"No!" Satan yells. Shock races through his body. He grabs Nerissa's shoulders. "I've gotta get you back to Lucy! She can burn that worm out! Come on, baby!"

The Devil starts to pull Nerissa to her feet, but she shoves away from us. Her eyes bolt open to reveal darkness expanding from all corners of her cornea. "S-stay away! I can't stop myself!"

She summons an ice spear in both hands, jumps to her feet, and rears back as she prepares to thrust it into our neck.

Satan copies her. He jumps up, moves his Vectors before him to block, and narrows his gaze. "Fight it! You're better than Valac! You're the strongest girl I know! Don't you give up now!"

Nerissa falters, but only for a moment. She lunges at Satan and stabs her spear at us, over and over. Satan reverts to Ultimate Defense mode and uses his Vectors purely for protection. All eight of them bat away her attacks with expert precision.

Blood trickles from Nerissa's eyes, ears, and nose. Her attacks intensify as Valac's worm battles her willpower. When we shatter her spear, she summons a battleaxe, or two swords, or a warhammer. Sometimes she shoots concentrated ice to freeze us, while other times, she creates a massive ice cube above our heads to crush us.

Satan's heart drums in his chest. _Nerissa's ferocious! I have to get her to stop! I need to take her to Lucifer to burn out that fucking worm!_

Nerissa's attack patterns change. She unleashes her speed to dash around us. She summons ice clones to attack from all sides, but never once does Satan feel genuinely threatened. With his Vectors reacting to every attack independently, it frees him up for a minute to think of counters.

_Gotta slow her down. Slow... slow... ah!_

A lightbulb activates in Satan's head. "Nerissa! You signed my Blood Contract! That means you have to obey me! Stop fighting, now!"

Two seconds pass.

Nerissa's movements don't slow. She continues to attack us from all angles.

Valac's voice booms inside the chamber. "There's no use trying to order her around. My worms suppress your contracts, proving I deserve the crown!"

Satan's mind goes into overdrive. _Damn you, Valac! Arghhh! He thought of everything! I only have one chance to stop Nerissa now._

"Bael! Get over here! Grab Nerissa! We're taking her to Lucifer!"

The big guy has stayed out of the fight, having assumed I had it under control. However, as soon as I deliver the order, he nods. "You got it!"

He jumps into the fray and lashes his hand out. Despite the four ice-clones of Nerissa jumping and firing icicles at me, Bael somehow picks out the original from her copies. He lunges forward and grabs her by the waist, startling her. His giant hands wrap around her slim body. He easily shrugs off her frigid counter-barrage as she tries to escape his grasp.

The ice clones stop moving and fall apart as Nerissa turns all her attention to Bael. He slams her into the ground and holds her steady, while I jump over and grab her arms and legs with my Vectors.

"Don't let me go!" Nerissa shouts. "I... I can't control my body. It's fighting you on its own!"

"I know, toots," Satan says. He levitates her in the air, performing a maneuver I saw him use on Phoebe and Belial during my battle against Amelia. With her arms and legs immobilized, Nerissa can only summon tiny shards of ice in her fingers and fling them at me, or spit iceballs from her mouth.

Satan pulls her in close and muzzles her with a fifth Vector. "Sorry, babe. I hope this doesn't hurt. We've gotta get outta here. Come on, Bael. Get us to the surface!"

A flash of movement. Satan turns his head in time to see Valac materialize behind us, scythe held at the ready.

"Oh, no, you don't," Valac whispers. "She's mine."

His weapon rushes at our back. Satan tries to block it, but with five Vectors holding Nerissa back, he has to use the remaining ones to counterbalance her weight. He can't protect himself in time!

_Shik!_

Valac's scythe impales our spine. Satan's eyes bulge in horror as our energy instantly drains into Valac's reserves.

The Reaper chuckles. "Hehehe. _I win._"

Satan falls into an infinite black voice. Like a whirlpool sucking us to the bottom of the ocean, we tumble, turn, and spin into the eternal darkness...

...And awaken!

Satan's eyes bolt open. He turns his head to the left, only to see Bael and the Reaper locked in combat. Bael swats Valac's scythe away with surprising agility, while three of Valac's clones attack the giant demon from all sides.

"Accursed-"

Valac hisses furiously while he battles the big guy. His scythe materializes in one of the other clones' hands, and it swings at Bael's back, just as it did mine.

_Ting!_

As though he had struck a solid sheet of metal, Valac's scythe glances off Bael's back and slips out of the Reaper's grasp. Bael backhands the clone, pulverizing its head into dust.

"Bahaha! Stop tryin' ta' tickle me and fight like a real man!"

"Impossible!" Valac howls. "You should be dead!!"

"It ain't my fault you hit like a pansy!" Bael laughs, taunting the Grim Reaper.

...

Satan's gaze, however, shifts to our right. Nerissa stands above us, an icicle hovering in midair as she prepares to fire at our heart.

Her hands tremble.

"I... I can't... I can't do it..."

Her face is the stuff of horrors. Dark veins stretch from her eyes across her cheeks and down her jaw. Her lips, once a soft pink, have turned as black as tar.

Satan doesn't move. "Nerissa... you have to fight it."

"I can't," The succubus whispers. "It's too powerful. Valac is... too powerful..."

She grits her teeth and closes her eyes. "Every... fiber... of my being... tells me to kill you... but I won't..."

Cautiously, Satan reaches toward her foot. He gently touches her ice-cold skin and shivers. "I'm here for you. Don't let Valac win. Don't. You survived all this time without me. Now, I'm here. We'll fight him together!"

"I'm not strong," Nerissa whispers. "I'm weak. Valac only... he only kept me alive to torture me. That's all. He threw me to the men. He forced me to... to endure endless humiliation. Ahh... it won't be long, now."

A tear glides down Nerissa's cheek.

"My sanity is slipping. I see... three of you. Four. The voices are saying something. I... I don't want to listen. Aaoo... you're... you're right, Satan. I-I can't let Valac win."

Nerissa rotates her hand. The sharpened icicle turns away from me, only to aim at her heart.

Satan gasps. "No... no! Don't do it! Lucifer can burn out that worm! Don't give up! She can-"

"It will be too late, by then," Nerissa whispers. "I've seen what Valac's worms do once they've awakened. Not even Lucifer can restore my mind once it's gone. I... I don't want you to see me like that. I'm sorry, Satan... but... this is goodbye. I... I love you."

"Nerissa? Nerissa! Don't-"

Satan's Vectors lash out. He grabs her wrist to try and stop her, but at that moment, Nerissa closes her eyes. 

Her icicle fires. 

It travels at the speed of sound, tears through her heart, and rips through the back of her chest.

"Ahh..." Nerissa whimpers.

A massive, gaping hole appears.

"Huhk-"

Agony spreads across Nerissa's face. She stumbles forward and falls into our arms.

"H-hurts... hurts..."

Satan stares ahead blankly as the succubus sags against our chest. Her blood, still warm, spills across our body. She convulses uncontrollably for a moment before finally going still.

Nerissa exhales for the last time in her life.

Reflexively, Satan wraps his arms around her.

"N.... Nuh... Ner...."

Our eyes lose focus. Anguish, unlike anything we've ever felt in our entire life, floods into our minds.

A thousand thoughts enter Satan's subconscious. A million questions.

_Why? Why? Why? Why? Whywhywhywhy?!_

Satan's eyes lower to stare at Nerissa's bloodied back. Her entrails spill out and wash over our hands, soaking us in her blood. Satan grits his teeth. His shoulders shake as he tries first to suppress, then release the agony in his heart. He closes his eyes and tries to remember the last time he saw her smile.

As for me, I feel almost nothing. Nerissa wasn't my lover. I don't have a connection to her like he does. I can't understand what he's going through. All I can do is imagine how I might feel if I were in his shoes; if it were Phoebe dying in my arms. That thought is not something I want to picture.

"N... Nerissa... baby... w-wake up..." Satan mumbles. He squeezes her tighter as tears boil in his eyes. "Come on, baby... this isn't f-funny... hnn..."

He buries his face in her hair.

_I only wanted to see her again. I wanted to love her. I wanted to be with her, and tell her how badly I'd missed her..._

The memory of Valac and Bael's battle seems a distant, ancient thing. Satan spares no thoughts for them. Even if I concentrate, I can't make out the sounds of their fight, barely thirty feet away. Every part of Satan focuses entirely on Nerissa and the sensation of her cold skin against his.

_Valac took her from me. Why? For... for petty revenge? How could he do that to me? I thought... I thought... we were..._

Satan's pain slowly fades away. His denial morphs into something else. Something hot, fiery, like a man who has stepped foot into a desert wasteland.

_He took her from me. He took her from me. He took her from me. HE TOOK HER FROM ME._

Satan opens his eyes. The world, blurry thanks to his tears, crystallizes into reality when he wipes them away with his blood-stained hand.

We gently lay Nerissa on the ground and take the time to place her hands across her chest. Satan folds her hands together and closes her eyes.

He stares at her for several moments. Her face, contorted into a look of agony, is the last thing Satan ever wanted to see. His body aches from the deepest, darkest parts of his heart and soul.

"Valac... Valac... Valac... you..."

We inhale and rise to our feet. Satan turns to gaze his cold, lifeless eyes on Valac. The Reaper continues to battle Bael using his five clones. He hasn't noticed us, yet.

Satan wets his lips.

"Now... now you die."