Part 453: Jason's Inadequacy
Part 453: Jason's Inadequacy

Marie and Jason walk and talk as they head down various corridors and through the multiple secret entrances leading into what will ultimately become her Artifact Storage Facility. As they walk, Marie glances at Jason.

"You know, I'm a bit surprised by your reluctance, Jason. Hope didn't hesitate to raid the Volgrim's black-level research site and take the artifacts they possessed. Yet, despite knowing exactly where my artifacts are, you wanted to get my permission to come here. You could teleport straight here, yes? You already put down a Waypoint, I imagine."

Jason frowns. "You know about Waypoints?"

"I know a _great_ deal about the limits of your abilities." Marie says. "Remember? Microscopic drones? Researcher 4125 told me that she had informed you of their existence, yet you've already forgotten. The memory of inferior biologicals is truly tragic..."

"I remember them!" Jason snaps. "I'm not an idiot. So you've been spying on me and my abilities, then? For how long?"

"Since a short while after you exited your cryopod." Marie says, while typing in a keycode to the third secret entrance. "I've recorded every major fight, every minor discovery, every fluctuation in the mana contained within your vessel. You've become quite the useful research subject to me. In truth, I grew up in a Heroless era, so I never had a chance to study the mana pathways of an enhanced human. Perhaps, given time, I might be able to elevate other people to the rank of Hero. Then humanity can truly ascend."

Jason opens his mouth, but after a moment, he closes it and falls silent.

Several thoughts float around in his head.

"Did you know? That the angels made humanity stunted, I mean. That we were supposed to all have spiritual potential, but lost out on that opportunity."

Marie shrugs. The two of them don't walk through the opened door, but instead stand outside it, simply talking.

"I was not aware. But I had my suspicions. The Nazis were the first to experiment on human spirituality, you know."

"They were?" Jason asks, slightly stunned. "What do you mean?"

Marie sighs. "It was classified information, back in your era. Nobody knew. Even presidents weren't able to learn about these ancient secrets. Only the shadow governments, the true rulers of humanity, knew the depths to which the fascists had delved. I'm sure you've heard about how Adolf Hitler was in search of 'Aryans,' or how he believed they were the key to creating the 'superior race.' He was an imbecile, of course, but the people working under him were fine with fueling his rise so long as it gave them access to money, research, and grants."

"You're saying his goal was to create a race of superhumans?" Jason asks. "Then does that mean he heard of ancient Heroes and thought he could replicate their power?"

"Heroes were never particularly a secret." Marie says. "Neither were angels, demons, Titans, or monsters. Humanity has always known about them. But that did start to rapidly change around the start of the 19th century. For reasons too complicated to be worth outlining, the various cabals ruling from the shadows decided it was time to start hiding the existence of 'paranormal' entities from humanity's eyes. They began creating the idea of 'mythology' and 'stories' and 'religion' as an explanation for those 'silly old tales' told from one generation to the next."

She continues. "Surprisingly, it didn't take long before people started to forget. Humans are remarkably shortsighted. It's easy for us to forget things we saw only a few years before under a barrage of unrelated propaganda or sensationalist headlines. That's how the very real and very important Heroes of yore became nothing more than 'somewhat strong' or 'somewhat intelligent' historical figures. As for the truly larger-than-life Heroes, such as Arthur, we converted their tales into works of fiction. Arthur was no longer the Mightiest Hero, but simply an ordinary king propped up by uneducated goat-farmers who fancied him to be larger than life."

Jason's expression falls. "That's kind of tragic, in a way."

"It is." Marie nods. "Many legendary figures deserved to be remembered for their heroic sacrifices. But they were forgotten, or downplayed and minimized."

She clears her throat. "In any case, the reason I say Hitler was an idiot is because he went about his numbskull theories in all the wrong ways. For instance, he believed that white skin, blonde hair, and blue eyes were what made someone heroic."

"Well, that's certainly not right." Jason says. "The first Hero was Jepthath. He was black. And the Heroic Aura gave him the blonde hair and blue eyes, like it did me and all the others..."

"Exactly!" Marie says, visibly exasperated. "But oh, the brilliant Fuhrer was _so sure_ he had the secret figured out. He was rounding up all the prettiest boys and girls he could find, eagerly capturing angels and demons to suck out their essences and try to turn those poor children into a new race of superhumans."

Jason's face pales. "What?! Then does that mean the death camps-"

"No, no. Those were just his bigotry put on full display." Marie says. "He wanted to round up and erase the undesirables, like many before and after him. You can't even blame his actions on the demons. He was a vile man with a small mind who set humanity back a good deal until we finally defeated him. But I digress."

Marie pushes the door open and walks down the final hallway leading to the final door that will finally allow them to enter her Heroic Vault.

"As I was saying before, Jason. You didn't come here and steal my artifacts. Why not?"

Jason shrugs. "I don't know. I could have. But it didn't feel right. You spent 100,000 years collecting these. You're not harming them. You take good care of them, and you clearly care about their preservation. Compared to me, who only wants to turn their Heroes into bludgeons... I feel somewhat crude and primitive. I almost hope you'll have a better idea for how I might use them. I don't want to denigrate these legendary figures by having them solve all my problems, or making them come back to life just to fix the new era after all the work they put into their own eras."

Marie smiles and nods approvingly. "You've matured a lot since our last encounter. Things must have been... hard for you."

Jason and Marie walk down the hallway together. He and her exchange a glance, then Jason looks away and nods.

"My daughter died. It put a lot of things into perspective for me." Jason says quietly. "It made me realize how... irresponsible I've been. I always take the easy way out. I'm always lazy. I have this godlike cheat power, so I just use it to solve my immediate needs. Perhaps, if I'd been a more proactive Hero, I could have saved my daughter."

"That's good." Marie says, before quickly adding, "not the dead daughter part. The becoming more responsible part. I'm sorry for your loss."

"Hmm. I didn't take you for the type to care." Jason says. "Maybe you're not the coldest, frostiest bitch this side of the Mississippi."

"I'm still a human in many ways." Marie says, more quietly than before. "I still hold on to many troublesome biases and attachments."

"Ever had any children?" Jason asks. 

"No." Marie answers. "Only my lizards."

"Come on." Jason pushes further. "I _know_ you've had at least one man you cared for."

"...You're referring to Benjamin Brown." Marie says, shifting her arms to a crossed position. "That was a long time ago. Before my Ascension, even. But times have changed. Benjamin Brown is a good man, but he is ultimately still only a man. I have lost those feelings since ancient times."

"If you say so." Jason says, clearly not convinced. "Though I am curious. What makes you different from him? He has a bunch of mechanical parts, just like you."

"I am a Cybernetic Organism. A 'Cybernite' if you will." Marie explains. "My brain is digitized. I have no internal organs, only mechanical parts wrapped in biological tissue. If my tissue disappears, I will be perfectly fine. You could say my skin is merely a beauty accessory made to satiate my vanity."

Jason visibly cringes. "That sounds... pretty gross. Especially when you describe it in such an alien way."

"Meanwhile," Marie continues, undaunted, "Benjamin Brown is a Cyborg. Half-man, half-machine. His brain is still biological. His heart and lungs are, too, along with several other organs. But his bones are almost all metal. His exoskeleton is extremely durable and grants him frightening strength."

"Since you're entirely metal, if you and him were to fight, who would win?" Jason asks.

"Benjamin would. Without a doubt." Marie answers. "You have to remember that I am a researcher, not a soldier. Benjamin's body was engineered to make him a killing machine. He would crush me with ease. That being said, if I were to build him a cybernetic body, he would become even more unstoppable. His physical organs do hold him back."

"Then why don't you?" Jason continues asking. "Why not build him an even stronger body?"

Marie sighs. The two of them reach the final door leading into the vault, but once again, they pause outside.

"I have several reasons for not doing so. First and foremost, Benjamin never asked me to do so. He quite likes his human parts. They've served him well, especially with his _womanizing ways_. Yes, he and Emperor Fenrir have had plenty of 'fun times' over the millennia. A pity she died..."

Jason raises an eyebrow. _Marie sounds almost annoyed, as if she thinks Ben was, what, cheating on her?_

The Head Researcher continues. "Other reasons I didn't elevate Benjamin, though, are in thorough abundance. For example, I happen to know that Cybernites lose all attachment to their spirituality. And since you informed me that you had contacted the Hero known as 'Tucker,' I assume you also know about his comradery with Benjamin."

Jason nods. "Yeah. He and Ben used to work together, during the Energy Wars."

"That's right. If Ben becomes like me, he will never again be capable of speaking to his old battle-buddy. To be clear, the only Hero who Ben can communicate with is Tucker, and he cannot do so for any of the other artifacts, but still... it would be too bad to lose that link."

For a brief moment, Jason becomes quiet.

"Why didn't you just let Benjamin keep Tucker's revolver, then?"

"There was no need." Marie says. "Much like how I didn't uplift Benjamin to enhance his fighting power, why bother? The Energy Wars were over. The galaxy was at peace. Ben and Tucker went their separate ways. Benjamin settled down, had hundreds of children, and lived a good life. As for Tucker... well, he stayed here, in the vault."

"All alone." Jason adds. "That's really sad. At least Madam Mildred ended up keeping him company."

"Indeed." Marie concludes.

Marie bangs her knuckles on the door leading to the Heroic Vault. This time, Jason lingers behind deliberately, giving Marie a headstart as the door opens and she walks inside. As she enters, an excited young demoness shouts happily.

"Miss Becker, Miss Becker! I haven't seen you in weeks!"

Momo, the Emperor of Bubbles, bounces up and down while babbling at Marie. Marie listens to her for several minutes, nodding along and letting her get some of her excitement out of her system. Eventually, Marie directs Momo's attention to the entrance.

"Do you remember that stupid fellow I brought here a few visits ago? The dumb-looking man with the blonde hair? Well, he's back again, Momo dearest."

Momo's excitement visibly deflates. She turns to the doorway, then quickly runs around and hides behind Marie.

"You brought him... again?" Momo whispers.

"I know, I know." Marie says huffily. "He's just another stupid man like all the rest. But he is also a Hero, and I need his help with the artifacts. Why don't you go and stay in your room this time? I'll deal with him myself."

Outside the room, Jason's eyes twitch at each insult fired his way.

_Never mind. She's still a coldhearted bitch._ Jason thinks.

"Yeah." Fiona grumbles along with him. "I can't believe she keeps insulting your appearance. Do that woman's retinal sensors not work?"

_...Thanks, Fiona. Really appreciate the emotional support here._

"Anytime, honey."

After a few minutes of coaxing and prodding, Marie convinces Momo to go and hide in her room, then she invites Jason in. The annoyed Wordsmith gives her a judgmental glare, to which Marie covers her mouth in mock surprise.

"Oh dear, I hope you didn't hear all that. I have to speak in a way she'll understand, you see. Momo is _so_ delicate, after all."

Jason slowly blinks. "Uh-huh. Sure. Let's get this over with."

He follows Marie into the depths of Momo's Sanctum. They walk down a long hallway and eventually enter a large, circular room, one with hundreds of alcoves, each of them holding the familiar Heroic Artifacts.

"You know," Marie says, as they enter, "you never did help me identify all the artifacts. You played around with perhaps a dozen and then skipped off to go on your merry way."

"I had a lot on my mind." Jason retorts. "And I definitely don't have time to help you identify any artifacts now."

"I'll make a deal with you." Marie says. "I know you need these Heroes to help you fight against Hope. I'm even willing to let you make use of them all. But I need you to document which Heroes are inside each relic, their lineage, their feats, and any pertinent knowledge they might possess. While I no longer need to bother with finding Excalibur or the Dominion Rod, it's still important that I document these historical figures in detail. I'm not an archaeologist, but these people created the humanity you know and love. They deserve the respect of having their accomplishments noted down."

Jason nods. "Of course. I completely agree. I'll do anything I can to help."

He pauses.

"So... what do I need to do to get these artifacts?"

"It's not up to me." Marie says. "It's up to Madam Mildred. She insists on speaking to you."

This makes Jason cock his head. "What? How would you know that? Have you spoken to her yourself?"

"No. Momo did." Marie says, visibly jealous. "Sort of. Because she is a demon, the connection was tenuous. Apparently, Mildred can communicate with Momo... but only when she's in her power-bleeding pod, unconscious. She has that condition, after all. One night, while she was asleep, Mildred spoke to her and communicated her wishes to speak to you again. So, here we are. I've decided that in these turbulent times, it would be better if you could make use of the artifacts, rather than allowing them to go to waste."

"What changed?" Jason asks.

"Not 'what.' Who." Marie answers. "Hope changed the dynamics. The Volgrim no longer have any chance of winning the war. They are entirely reliant on the two of you. If I let Hope run roughshod without any competition, it's likely the Plague will eventually reach Earth. They pose no direct threat to my Cybernites since we are not biological enough for them to assimilate, but they will still destroy my facility. I cannot allow that to happen. And who knows if they're capable of assimilating the power of Heroic Artifacts?"

"Makes sense. Alright." Jason says. "Then I'll talk to Mildred."

He glances around the room, the circular concave facility with over a hundred Heroic Artifacts locked behind plexiglass walls. After a moment, he scratches his head.

"Uh. I did just realize... I have no idea which artifact is Mildred's."

Marie rolls her eyes. "It's a hairpin over in Alcove 97. Give me a moment."

Marie manipulates the controls to the complex on a computer panel in the center of the room. After ten seconds, a long metallic arm drops out of the ceiling, zips over to one of the glass alcoves on the wall, and opens it up. Its delicate metal fingers pluck a small ladies hairpin of 16th century design off a viewing pillar, then zips over to drop it in Jason's hand.

"There you go." Marie says, retracting the ceiling arm upward. "Have at it."

"Alright."

Jason focuses on the will contained within the artifact. He starts to utter a Word of Power, but before he can even bother, a figure materializes within his Mind Realm. A rather portly female wearing Victorian clothes and a feathery boa.

Mad Madam Mildred!

This time, Mildred doesn't appear with several other Heroes, but instead all by herself. The instant Jason recognizes her arrival, a tugging sensation pulls at his brain, and he forcibly dives into his own Mind Realm, materializing in the same space as Fiona herself.

"Jason?" Fiona exclaims, slightly surprised.

"Why helloooo there, dear boy!" Madam Mildred exclaims, puffing out her oversized chest. "So good to see you again! What a shaaame you didn't give this old seductress a call sooner! I've been waiting sooo long to hear back from you!"

The Wordsmith blinks, slightly confused by the change in his surroundings.

"Dammit. You pulled me into my Mind Realm and I couldn't even resist. How do other people keep yanking me around like that?"

"I am a master of the mind." Mildred chirps. "Doing something so simple is hardly even worth mentioning. Now Jason, Phoebe- oop! I mean to say Fiona, ha-haa! You've changed your name since we last spoke, how adorable!"

Mildred begins strutting around Fiona, looking her up and down.

"Your spirit has filled out nicely, my dear. Look at how deeply you've integrated into your husband's Mind Realm! It seems the two of you have spent plenty of quality time bonding together, hmm?"

Fiona blushes. "Yes. I suppose we have, a bit, Mildred."

"It seems you wanted to speak to me." Jason says. "May I ask why?"

"Of course, of course. In due time." Mildred says. "But first, I should express my condolences. I'm terribly sorry about what happened to your little girl. That loss must have stung you deeply, Wordsmith."

"How could you... know... about that?" Jason asks, frowning. "No, seriously. How?"

"My Heroic ability is known as the Mind Link." Mildred explains. "Among many others! I am not the same as that Solomon-boy that you know so well. No, no, my mental powers come in different forms and make me not only sultry and unattainable to mere mortal man, but also a brain-blessed babe from the Heavens! I always know of the goings-on in the world outside, even if you might expect this to be impossible. That is why I can also link to the souls of other Heroes present here. This is but a trifle, dear Jason!"

Jason nods. "Alright. So... do you know about my clone, Hope? And do you know about his recent... empowerment?"

"How could I not? Such a lucky boon that boy has reaped!" Mildred exclaims. "One thousand relics, what a shock indeed! But you should not envy him too much, for that is the reason I've brought you here to talk today."

Mildred waves her hand. She conjures a large easy chair in the middle of the town square inside Jason's Mind Realm and leisurely plops down in it, sighing contentedly.

"There are many forces in this world, Jason dearest." Mildred says, her tone somehow romantic and loving, yet also completely platonic. "I am capable of depending on others as much as I am myself. Had I possessed the powers you do, I would have spent many an age learning to master that magic. Sadly, you have been acting inadequately! I believe that you have continuously dropped the ball, to a point where I'm beginning to wonder if you've been doing it deliberately. But alas! You have not been!"

"You mean... with respect to learning the limits of my abilities?" Jason asks. "Yeah... I've been thinking that about myself a lot lately."

"And so you should." Mildred nods, turning her attention to Fiona. "Tell me dearest, would you like to help your husband even more than you have so far?"

Fiona immediately nods. "Of course. I'd do anything for Jason."

"Good! Then listen well. I have thoughts I must convey. Thoughts that will turn your husband from a boy into a man! But you must trust this super-smart seductress and listen to my every word! Otherwise, I fear he will stray onto the wrong path, as his clone has."

Fiona and Jason exchange nods.

"We're all ears, Miss Mildred."