Part 457: Wordsmith's New Ambition
Part 457: Wordsmith's New Ambition

_Planet Earth. Deep underground, in a secret facility within the depths of the Remnant Oasis._

Inside Jason's Mind Realm, the Wordsmith and his spiritual wife, Fiona, sit at a small table across from the large and voluptuous Hero known as Mad Madam Mildred. Mildred leans back in her chair and swirls wine around in a glass while the low lighting gives the room an ambivalent atmosphere.

"Sad to say, boy, but you have not progressed well in the last few months!" Mildred proclaims. "Your growth as a Hero has been quite shoddy."

"Really?" Jason asks. "I thought I did pretty good, all things considered. I've created all sorts of unique new devices, including the Belial Booster, the Beauty Booster, the Body Booster-"

"Yes, yes, those are fine little toys." Mildred says dismissively, waving her hand flippantly. "I speak not of your wife's work, but yours. You as a Hero have not advanced even a single iota. How shameful!"

Jason and Fiona exchange puzzled glances.

"While I did construct the blueprint drafts for those devices on Jason's behalf," Fiona argues, "he still ultimately conjured them with his own power."

Mildred doesn't appear to give Fiona's rebuttal any weight. "Tell me! Why have you two come here today? What is your purpose?"

"You did call us here." Jason points out. "Though... I was hoping you would give the okay for me to use the relics in Marie's storage. My clone has obtained over a thousand relics of his own, so I'm going to be a lot weaker than him moving forward. In particular, he obtained Excalib-"

"I know plenty good and well what your clone has been up to! Harrumph!" Mildred exclaims, interrupting Jason. "The standards for Heroes have truly fallen since the Energy Wars, dear boy!"

Mildred leans forward in her chair, slaps her glass of wine on the table, and leans heavily on her elbows. She looks at Jason with a deep intent.

"You're lazy, Jason. You and Hope both. It's such a shame, considering your abilities!"

Jason winces. He nods along to her words while lowering his gaze to the table.

"Yeah. I've thought about that myself. I always take the easy way out. I'm always trying to cut corners... it's why my daughter is..."

He trails off. Fiona sighs along with his words.

"We don't have a choice, Mildred." Fiona adds. "Hope has Excalibur now. It's the most powerful Heroic Artifact in existence. We know he hates Jason. We know he has already slaughtered a Volgrim world to exact his vengeance. He probably won't target humanity as a whole, but if he goes after Jason..."

Mildred stares at the young man and woman. She snorts contemptuously.

"Hmph. And here I thought you were an intelligent woman, little white-hair. Your vision is so narrow, so confined. You even have the gall to claim you have 'no choice' but to meet artifacts with artifacts. Preposterous!"

She strums her fingers on the table while shaking her head in disappointment.

"Fiona! Jason! Tell me... what makes a Hero a 'Hero'?"

Jason pauses to think before answering.

"The power of the Heroic Aura? The abilities it grants?"

"The duty carried by its wielder?" Fiona adds.

"WRONG!" Mildred bellows, making both of them flinch slightly. "Imbeciles. Heroes do not call themselves Heroes. They earn that title! Until other humans acknowledge you as a Hero, you are not one at all! You are merely an ordinary human with a bit of extra power!"

She continues. "If merely possessing the Heroic Aura was enough to qualify one as a Hero, then Dracula would be a Hero too, and I dare you to state THAT claim out loud! Hah!"

Jason cocks his head. "But... Solomon referred to Dracula as a Hero. Not just him, but others too. And lots of people call me a Hero..."

"Oh? There are those who call you a Hero?" Mildred asks. "Who, exactly?"

"Well. Amelia was the first. Actually, Blaarjiim..." Jason says. "The angels did. Solomon did. Marie Becker, every single demon I've ever encountered..."

"I see. They are ignorant." Mildred says, her temper cooling somewhat. "Listen well, boy. The moniker of Hero did not come into existence for several generations. Even the first Hero, Jepthath, did not refer to himself as such. In his eyes, he was a Titanborn. He was a descendant of Hercules, a mixture of the power of angels and Titans and humans inside one body. It was only after the Heroic Aura had transferred several times that humanity began to call these figures the title you believe comes standard with the Heroic Aura's anointment."

For a brief moment, Mildred becomes quiet. She closes her eyes and sighs.

When she opens her eyes, a distant look takes hold, as if gazing past the vicissitudes of time.

"_Through action, a Man becomes a Hero._"

"_Through death, a Hero becomes a Legend._"

"_Through time, a Legend becomes a Myth._"

"_By learning from the Myth, a Man takes action..._"

After speaking this parable, Mildred turns her hawk-like gaze back toward Jason.

"Pharaoh Ramses spoke these words during the Second Age of humanity's rise. He, like many others, was a legendary Hero of yore. He looked to the figures of the past to guide his hand in the future. He built up his own Legend in the hopes of inspiring later generations. But what hidden meanings do you think the quote holds, Jason?"

For some reason, a faint feeling of shame wells up in Jason's chest. He looks at Mildred, and suddenly experiences the feeling of a puppy caught soiling the carpet. A deep sensation of inadequacy swallows his soul.

"...A Man can only become a Hero through action." Jason says quietly. "It is not the obtaining of power, or some sense of duty that makes them one. It is only the actions they undertake, and the struggles they fight which allow others to acknowledge them."

"Arthur was the greatest Hero who ever lived." Mildred says quietly. "Because of his feats, he became known as the Hero-King of Legend. His enemies whispered his name while cowering in fear. His comrades looked up to him with fervor and envy. His actions inspired those who came after, leading many later Heroes to rise past their limitations. But Arthur was not the most powerful of all Heroes. He did not necessarily possess the most spiritual potential, or some other god-blessed attribute."

"Who was the most powerful, then?" Jason asks.

The table becomes quiet.

Mildred stares at Jason.

She does not answer his question.

After a moment, Jason frowns.

"_...Me?_" He asks, slightly incredulous.

"Undoubtedly so." Mildred replies. "You should have recognized this before now. But subconsciously, you denigrate yourself. You look for easy solutions. All of this, despite possessing more than enough power to solve your problems. You even have the wits to realize your daughter's death was caused by your own failings, yet you did not think to solve the core issue."

Mildred sits up straight.

"Listen well, Jason. The Heroic Artifacts granted by Archangel Camael were certainly powerful. Every single one ultimately bestowed their original wielders with supreme authority over the people of their eras. But... did you know?"

She waggles her finger at the Wordsmith.

"No Hero has ever wielded the artifact of a fallen Hero. They may have consulted their predecessors for wisdom. They may have looked to those artifacts for inspiration. But no Hero, not even the fallen Hero known as Dracula, used an artifact from a previous generation to augment their abilities. This, despite the reality that all Heroes can interface with all artifacts to a perfect degree."

"... So why do you think that is?" Mildred asks after a slight pause.

"I... I don't know." Jason mutters. "I thought Heroes used artifacts all the time. Solomon told me that many Heroes would consult him for wisdom."

"They did. And they sought my counsel, as well as wisdom from others like us." Mildred says with a nod. "But none acted the way that you have, Jason. No Heroes took Arthur's Excalibur to smite Demon Emperors dead with it. None sought Jepthath's Dominion Rod to increase their influence over humanity. None used Ptah's Millennium Codex to build grand marvels in their image..."

"But why not?" Fiona asks. "Would this not make their power much greater? Their artifacts are tools. We should use them to augment humanity's potential."

"Not tools." Mildred says, slightly disappointed. "You think like a craftswoman, Fiona dearest. These artifacts are sacred objects. They are the homes each Hero resides within after their deaths. They are... our sanctuaries. Using them flippantly, is that not like desecrating the dead?"

Fiona blinks. Taken aback by Mildred's words, she has to spend a few moments thinking of a retort.

"Just because other Heroes didn't... that doesn't mean Jason shouldn't. And Hope already is doing so. If Jason doesn't fight fire with fire, Hope will become unstoppable."

Mildred sighs deeply. She shakes her head again, looking at the Hero and his wife as if they were simple-minded peasants from a farming village.

"You still do not understand. The powers of other Heroes should not be used like bludgeons or blades. You should not desecrate their legends by using them as tools to solve your problems. Even if they could solve your problems, you would still be doing your husband a disservice. As for the reason why..."

Mildred tilts her chin up.

"...do you _truly_ believe you need those artifacts to match your clone's power?"

"What?" Jason asks. "Of... course? Excalibur alone- and the Dominion Rod, these and Solomon's Crown practically make Hope unstoppable. How am I supposed to compete with him?"

"Perhaps, if you had already mined out the full power of Wordsmithing, and if your clone had done so, you might be at a disadvantage." Mildred says mildly. "But dear boy... you have not tapped into the smallest portion of your abilities. You possess a god-like power, capable of _shattering_ the balance of power. Yet you choose to use it in such painfully superficial and simplistic ways."

Mildred spreads her arms.

"Can you tell me to my face that you have reached the _absolute limits_ of your understanding of Wordsmithing?"

"I..." Jason says awkwardly, frowning more and more by the second. "...I don't think I can make that claim, no."

Fiona's eyes sparkle with realization. "I see! We've been going about this all the wrong way, Jason."

"We have?" Jason asks. "I mean, I can definitely imagine improving my understanding of my limits, but I don't know where to start. I already received training from Solomon..."

"That training was useful, yes." Mildred says. "I have read your memories. I know of what you speak. Solomon trained you in a more general sense. He taught you what to look for when building an empire. He made you aware of combat information. But all of these things were framed on a 'general' scale. He did not teach you any useful information regarding your powers, because he _could not_. Solomon is not a Wordsmith. You are. It is up to YOU, dear boy, to push the limits of your powers."

"So." Jason says slowly. "I take it you don't think I should use the heroic artifacts to hold my own against Hope."

"You may do as you please." Mildred says. "Listen well, Jason. You are this generation's Hero. Hope is, too. We are your predecessors. We hold the same goals: To advance humanity's strength and stand up to the oppression we have endured from our so-called superiors. If you decide to use our powers, we will not oppose you unless you perform actions that cross our individual moral boundaries."

She pauses, then smiles kindly.

"I am your friend, Jason-boy. I have your best interests at heart. Solomon might be an arrogant old man with his own agenda, but he ultimately wants the same thing as me. I simply believe that he has done you and Hope a disservice by not allowing you to become fully self-actualized Heroes. He has made you rely on his wisdom. He has allowed Hope to become dependent on the power of others."

Fiona nods along to Mildred's words. "We came here to give Jason a fighting chance against Hope, Mildred. But I think... you might be right. Jason already has what he needs. He simply needs to become more proficient in his abilities than Hope ever could. I already know Jason can build his own artifacts, his own facilities to empower humanity, and his own self-improvement spells. He doesn't need the help of others."

Jason slowly closes his eyes.

He falls utterly silent, thinking about the exchange he's just had with Mildred.

He debates her points internally.

He thinks about his failings. His successes.

His strengths and weaknesses.

The Wordsmith takes a minute to recall his life after exiting the cryopod. He thinks about all the times he took the advice of others on their face without formulating his own thoughts.

Quietly, he realizes that he has always depended on others, never allowing himself to rise to his own heights.

The Wordsmith opens his eyes.

He sighs.

"Heroes are not born. They are made. They are not made through the efforts of others, but through themselves. They should not call themselves Heroes, because that is the height of arrogance. They should earn that title through their labors. They should strive to become the best humans humanity has to offer. They should serve as an example and forge their own legends. And when they pass away, their legends should become myths that others tell to uplift their spirits."

A pause.

"In this way, the next generation of Heroes will become inspired by those that came before. The cycle can thus start anew..."

"Finally." Mildred says softly. "You understand."

A strange feeling wells up at the base of Jason's spine. A sense of realization. Satisfaction. Contentment.

For the first time in his life, the Wordsmith does not feel the same doubts he always has in the past.

He does not hold the same shame toward his inadequacies.

He does not quietly hate himself for being pathetic, or weak, or inferior to those who came before him.

"Even Arthur came from humble beginnings." Jason says quietly. "He was a simple farmhand. A boy who obtained the Heroic Aura's blessing. A boy who caught the attention of the angels. He fought, he bled, and he died fighting for humanity's sake. In this way, he became the most powerful and respected Hero who ever lived."

"But he was not the only Hero who came from humble beginnings." Jason continues, speaking now to himself more than Mildred or even Fiona. "Joan of Arc was a simple village girl. She suffered. She fought for humanity's sake. She was burned alive by men who were tricked by the demons. Even so, she accepted her death with dignity, knowing that her sacrifice would inspire the next generation."

"So many Heroes have stood up for what was right. Some failed to reach their true potential. I cannot let myself become like the latter." Jason says, his tone becoming more determined by the second. "Everyone is depending on me. I need to earn the right to my title. I cannot cheat, or take shortcuts, or act lazily any longer. I have to become a myth capable of inspiring those who come after me!"

Fiona's heart swells with pride. She feels the passion in Jason's words from the bottom of her heart. The sudden lifting of fog from his vision. The slight decrease in guilt caused by Daisy's death.

At the same time, Jason's eyes become filled with vague visions of the future. He imagines the heights he could reach once he decides to stop borrowing the strength of others.

"You're right, Mildred. I will not attempt to borrow the strength of Marie's artifacts any longer. Thank you for enlightening me. I'm in your debt."

"HAH!" Mildred guffaws, lifting her hand to her mouth. "Silly boy, this temptress is always right! You're only stating the obvious, hah-hah-hah!"

Jason and Fiona continue to talk to Mildred for another hour. Mildred gives them hints and information regarding Jason's possible future progression without artifacts. Ultimately, she departs his Mind Realm, depositing him back in the material world.

Slightly dazed, it takes Jason a few moments to get back his bearings. As he blinks his eyes, Marie Becker walks up to him.

"Finally done yapping?" Marie asks.

"I am." Jason says.

Something about the firmness in his tone makes Marie stand up a little straighter.

"Did you have a good discussion?" She asks.

"I did." Jason says softly. "Thank you for allowing me to come here, Marie. I've decided... I will not ask to use any of your artifacts. Keep them here where they will be secure."

"What?!" Marie exclaims, this time visibly shocked. "Have my auditory processors malfunctioned? You do NOT want to steal my precious artifacts?!"

"I don't. Not anymore." Jason says.

He looks around the room at the many different artifacts present. Their simple forms, their complex ones. The artifacts that would make kings envious, and the ones which reveal the humble origins of their previous owners.

His eyes fall on one particular alcove, where a simple steel fork rests. An eating utensil which once belonged to an utterly ordinary Hero who never achieved a single feat worth noting.

_I won't let that be me._ Jason thinks, his heart once again swelling with determination.

"From now on," Jason says slowly, "I'm going to create my own destiny. I will not compare myself to my predecessors. I will act in a manner befitting a Hero. I will march toward the future, unwavering... and I will forge a legend worth remembering. This, I vow."

Marie's expression relaxes. "Calm down, brat. You're going to make me vomit if you keep up all this weird talk. Now, are you done down here?"

Jason nods. "I am. Sorry for wasting your time."

"No, it wasn't a waste at all." Marie says. "Now that you've disabused yourself of the notion of stealing my artifacts, you won't bug me about them anymore. And that look in your eyes... I like it. Seems like Mildred finally knocked some sense into that thick male skull of yours."

"She did," Jason says with a nod. "She did."

He and Marie walk out of the artifact vault. As they leave, Jason turns toward Momo's room.

"See you later, Momo. Maybe we'll talk next time!"

Naturally, the Satyr doesn't reply, but stays out of sight, never once showing her face to the Wordsmith.

"Hah..." Jason chuckles softly. "Such a shy girl."