Part 312: Buddha's Failure
Part 312: Buddha's Failure

Beneath the surface of the Earth, a man in an exosuit calmly walks past the badly beaten figures of two dozen demon grunts, yet another pair of Demon Lords, and three orcs. His faceless figure causes shivers to run down their backs as they replay the moment the seemingly inferior human struck them down and beat the tar out of them without breaking a sweat.

This human, the reincarnation of Buddha, pauses after walking past the pair of Demon Lords. He turns his head slightly to look down at them, while they scurry backward and press themselves against the wall.

"S-stay back, you! When our boss gets here, you'll regret crossing us, fleshbag!"

The human nods. "Your boss. Orias, yes? He is the one who I am looking for. Tell me where I can find him."

The human's calm, ancient voice momentarily befuddles the two Lords. The younger of the two clears his throat and points toward one of eight tunnel openings in an adjacent chamber.

"Y-you want to meet Orias? Do you have a death wish, man? He'll destroy you!"

"Oh, I very much doubt that," Buddha says as he walks toward the tunnel the Lord pointed out. "But he is welcome to try. I am no stranger to death."

A few moments later, he disappears down the tunnel, leaving his victims behind.

The Demon Lord who spoke wipes his hair back. "I don't know why that guy didn't kill us, but if he'd made a move, we would have surely died! He didn't have a single opening! It was as if I were trying to fight the person who invented the art of combat himself!"

...

Buddha trounces dozens more demons. Before long, word of his arrival and disruption spreads throughout the entirety of the tunnels beneath the Earth's surface.

As he steps into another giant, open chamber, the man pauses. He turns on his heel to face a Demon Baron standing off to the sidelines, awaiting his arrival.

"I hear you have been looking for me," Orias, Baron of the Stars, says. He holds an amber colored jewel in his hand, ready to crush and activate it at a moment's notice. "I don't know who you are or why you've come, but if you do not wish to die, human, you would do well to explain yourself."

The exosuit-wearing human stands silently for a few moments. Then, his helmet melts away, revealing his face.

Orias frowns.

"I don't know who I was expecting, but I haven't the faintest clue who you are. Do you have some grievances you wish to pursue against me, mortal? Given that you have only knocked down my subordinates, yet have not killed any of them, I am far from eager to take your life."

The human smiles.

"Orias. You have not changed since we last spoke. That is unfortunate. I had hoped you would undergo a great evolution, all those years ago. Sadly, too many worldly attachments continue to cloud your mind."

The Baron of the Stars eyes the human with suspicion.

"You speak as if we are old friends, yet still, I cannot recall having ever seen your face. Who are you, human?"

"I have many identities." The man answers. "I have lived many lives, each of which added to my 'accumulation.' Each one gave me new insights. In some, I was a man. In others, a woman. Some granted me the life of a wealthy noblesse, while others forced me on the path of poverty. Each one taught me something new, but not one have I regretted living."

The human flicks his eyes around the large underground chamber, its utterly barren appearance having been dug out by goblins for the sake of spreading out dozens of tunnels in every other possible direction.

"You search for something which you cannot find, Orias. It does not exist at any place in the universe, but within your heart. Why, then, have you failed to find that which clings to your breast?"

Orias's eyes flicker with recognition. Slowly, deliberately, he reaches into the folds of his robe and pulls out the Mirror of Samsara.

"M... Master?"

"Yes, Orias. It is I." Buddha replies. "I would ask how you have fared, but it is apparent at a glance that you have lived a shallow and stagnant life."

The Baron of the Stars loses some of the strength in his legs. He falls to his knees, then crawls across the floor, dragging himself to Buddha's feet.

"That light! It was... it was you?! It left this artifact, and, and then-"

"My reincarnation occurred. That is in the past." Buddha states. "Now please. Do not grovel at my feet. I am no God. I am not your Creator. I am merely a man."

Orias's heart flips in his chest as waves of emotions swirl within his being. He shakily rises to his feet, finding it difficult to look into Buddha's eyes.

"I... I don't understand. You died, all of those years ago. Why have you appeared now, inside this foreign body? How are you alive?"

Buddha clicks his tongue.

"Tsk, tsk. Orias, my child. You are still but a boy at heart. You cling to the past in order to explain the future. There is no past, nor is there a future. The only thing of which you can be certain is the 'Now.' I am here. Ask me the questions which most insidiously rot your mind."

Orias nods. After several long seconds, he regains his bearings.

"I... I have always wanted to know the truth, Master Buddha," Orias says. "I want to know what it was that you showed me. For a moment, I thought I glimpsed the face of my Creator. I understood my insignificant existence when compared to the scope of the universe. But now, all these years later... I do not understand my purpose. I have made no advancements in my rank. I have remained stuck at the position of a Baron."

Buddha lifts his chin. He purses his lips, and nods.

"Imps. Grunts. Lords. Baron. Dukes. Emperors. You are a demon, born into demon society. You live under demonic rules, and live to serve demons of a higher status. Even so, having glimpsed the truth of Reality, you have felt for far too long that these... mundanities... hold no inherent meaning. How curious, then, that you have not cast aside your attachments to reach a higher state of being."

Buddha shakes his head.

"...I expected more from you. I imagined that within a hundred years, you would reach Enlightenment and become the ideal successor for my power. Now, I have no others to whom I can entrust it."

"Your... power?" Orias asks. "What power? What do you mean?"

Buddha turns to the right, away from the Baron before him.

"There it is. You are still so attached to the world that you cannot conceive of a different way. Your mind still hangs onto such concepts as 'power' and 'authority.' The mere mention of my abilities causes a spike in your greed."

Orias shakes his head. "No, no, don't be silly, master! I do not covet anything of yours! I-I was only curious! I just don't know what you're talking about! Everything you say is so... cryptic."

"You do not understand what I am saying?" Buddha asks. "Or you do not _want_ to understand? Which is it, I wonder?"

Orias takes a step back and rubs his head.

"I am... confused."

"Then I shall spell it out for you." Buddha says. 

The reincarnated Hero holds out his hand. As if having activated a powerful magnet, the Mirror of Samsara yanks from Orias's grasp to fly into Buddha's. Orias doesn't resist the pull, though he does appear surprised that Buddha is even capable of performing such a feat.

"Master? Do you still possess your heroic abilities?"

Buddha calmly looks at the reflective surface of the Mirror.

"No. I lost them many reincarnations ago. Each reincarnation has successively weakened my control of Karma. Now, it no longer remains in my hands at all."

Orias's eyebrows sink a little.

"That's too bad."

"Haha..." Buddha chuckles, shooting a knowing glance at the Baron of the Stars. "Is it? I am still me, with or without my powers. I do not covet the power of Karma. It was a tool I used to advance the Creator's Will. Karma is not something I owned, nor something I ever wished to own. It simply... _Was._" 

Orias remains silent as his teacher gently drops to the ground and crosses his legs.

Buddha gestures to the barren dirt in front of himself. 

"Come. Sit."

Orias follows the command. He also sits cross-legged, staring at the ancient Hero with a look of curiosity.

"Do you know what the Creator hates more than anything?" Buddha asks.

Orias shakes his head. "I do not, master. Violence?"

"Indeed, violence goes against His way," Buddha answers. "But violence is sometimes a necessity. It is not the thing that He hates most. Instead, the source of all evil... is Greed."

Orias nods along to Buddha's words. "Greed, you say?"

"That's right. All evil can be traced back to a seed of greed, covetousness, and desire. Every agony under the eye of Creation comes from the influence of Greed. It is the reason why you have made no advancements in your journey."

Buddha holds up the Mirror of Samsara. He turns its reflective face toward Orias, allowing the Baron of the Stars to look at his own reflection.

Suddenly, a bright light erupts from its front, covering Orias from head to toe. The Baron winces and looks away. A moment later, the brilliance fades back to nothing.

Buddha sets the Mirror of Samsara on the ground with its reflective surface facing up. It projects a spiritual orb into the air, one that resembles a golden ball filled with countless blackened worms crawling beneath its surface, like hungry maggots slowly chewing through its interior.

"This is the 'you' that I see." Buddha explains. "This is your very being, your Karmic Ego. You do not realize this, Orias, but it appears exactly the same as when I first laid eyes on you."

Orias cocks his head slightly.

"This golden... thing. It represents 'me'?"

"Every living entity has one," Buddha continues. "Every demon, every human, every ant, gnat, and bird. Few have a Karmic Interior that is purely black with filth, and almost none have a pure and untouched one. Not even me."

Buddha holds the mirror up to his face. It flashes a divine light upon him, and he sets it back down. Once again, another golden orb appears, one which is far more brilliant and lustrous than Orias's. Even so, a couple of small, blackened worms crawl around on the surface, as if looking for an opening from which they can invade.

"What do these 'worms' represent?" Orias asks.

"Attachments." Buddha answers. "Attachments are a form of greed. They come from one's own possessive nature."

"But I thought you didn't have any attachments?" Orias points out.

"For the longest time, I didn't." Buddha says, his voice going quiet. "But everyone has a weakness, a gap in their armor. In my life as the great and Heroic 'Buddha,' I had none. I lived as an ascetic. I did exactly as the Creator asked. I never once strayed from the path of Karma."

He pauses for a moment before continuing.

"And then, one day, I died. I reincarnated into a new body. I assumed the life of a young boy named Ishmael. I suddenly experienced an emotion I never once felt in the entirety of my previous existence, and it shook me to my core."

"What did you experience?" Orias asks.

"Love. The purest form of earthly attachments. From that moment on, my connection to Karma began to fade, and it never returned."

Orias cocks his head. A look of absolute confusion crosses his face.

"I really don't understand. You say attachments represent Greed. But how is Greed connected to Love? Lust, I could understand. But Love should be the least greedy emotion one can experience."

Buddha shakes his head. "That is what many believe, but they are ignorant. There are many forms of love. Some people experience the bliss of unconditional love. That is to say, they seemingly hold no selfish feelings toward the person they love and will never envy them, nor do anything to harm them. In the eyes of outsiders, there can be no greater love. And yet, it is this perception, in and of itself, that gives rise to the greatest greed imaginable."

Buddha lifts his head to gaze vacantly at the ceiling.

"I loved Tamael with all my heart. As an agent of the Creator, I thought myself immune to the effects of attachments. Yet, when I revived in the body of a boy stricken with sickness, suffering in poverty, and doomed to suffer a life of pain, I felt a vague sense of dismay at my circumstances. In the moments where my chest ached so badly that I wished for death, I began to resent my Creator."

Buddha continues. "I asked myself many painful questions. Why did I, someone who served as the Creator's agent, have to suffer after my reincarnation? Did my meritorious deeds not afford me the right to a modest life? Why would He punish me by making me suffer under such terrible circumstances? How could He test me, when I had already long since proven my worthiness?"

"In that moment," Buddha concludes, "I experienced my first sensation of Greed."

"But your questions were valid," Orias interjects. "It doesn't make sense for Him to punish you. If what you said was true, then you served Him well! What sort of loving Creator would hurt you in such a way?"

Buddha shakes his head. "I know now the folly of my thoughts. You would do well not to echo them, Orias. No, my Greed was unwarranted. I did not realize it at the time, but what my Creator did for me was truly the most loving thing he could have done. In response, I spat in his face and began to think wicked and vile thoughts."

The human's eyes mist over, and a faint smile crosses his face for the first time since his arrival.

"There I was, a sickly young boy, writhing on a cot, with nobody to care for me. That was when I met the first and only woman I ever loved. Tamael was only a few years older than myself, physically speaking. I was ten, and she, twelve. My mental age, of course, was far greater, but that did not matter to me at the time."

"Tamael found me by coincidence. The door to my room had no covering. She was one of the few village healers assigned to care for the sick. She treated me as well as the other cripples, and we occasionally struck up conversations, talking about the nature of life. I found her to be intelligent and wise beyond her years. Still young and immature compared to myself, but someone who had endured a painful childhood and come out stronger."

"In that moment," Buddha continues, "I thought I had realized my first error. I assumed the Creator was punishing me. But in fact, what he gave me was a divine reward. He allowed me to broaden my horizons and see the beauty of life. I swore that if I survived my sickness, I would do everything in my power to protect Tamael, and to give her a life filled with happiness."

Orias smiles. "Love doesn't sound so bad."

"Have you ever experienced it, Orias?" Buddha asks, his tone suddenly turning sharp.

"N-no," Orias says. "I haven't."

"Then you know not of what you speak. Indeed, I spent the next thirty years with Tamael. We wedded each other on my twentieth birthday. We made love, but later found she was incapable of bearing children. Even so, I did not mind. I had her all to myself, and I gave her a life of happiness."

Buddha's tone slowly changes as he speaks. Darkness covers his eyes.

"I did not realize what that love had cost me. My 'selflessness,' and my pursuit of her happiness shackled me in ways both innumerable and indescribable. I did not realize how badly I had wounded myself until that fateful day came... that day when Tamael wandered from my sight, tripped, and fell from a cliff's summit."

Buddha's chin trembles.

"She fell."

He lowers his head. His eyes moisten.

"She fell... so very, very far. I screamed. I cried. In the instant she tripped, I felt my entire world shatter."

Orias stares at the hollow expression on his master's face. He says nothing.

"I climbed down the cliff. I raced to my wife's side. I found her head split open, and her lifeless eyes gazing into the sky. Why did she have to die such a terrible death? Why did I not get even the chance to say goodbye?"

Tears glide down Buddha's face.

"I hated Him. I resented Him. The Creator... he made me suffer bodily agony, heart-tearing agony, and even the agony of a shattered soul. In the years after Tamael's death, I lost more and more of my connection to Karma. I became irrational. I engaged in casual fights. I took terrible risks, ones which inevitably resulted in my death. When I reincarnated, I still felt lost and enraged."

"Ten times..." Buddha mutters. "Ten times, I reincarnated. Through the eras, I never once forgot the loss of my wife. Eventually, though, the pain of losing her began to fade. In its place, I questioned everything I had ever believed. I questioned why I lived the way I did, and why I made the choices I did. And do you know what I found, Orias?"

Buddha looks at his pupil and sighs.

"I found that all of it was my fault. I made the decisions which caused my pain. I cast aside the wisdom my Creator gave me to pursue selfish, Earthly attachments. My Greed was my undoing, and that is why I lost my connection to Karma."

Orias raises an eyebrow. "That was not what I expected you to say. Haven't you heard the adage, 'better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all?' I fail to see how your love for Tamael was greedy, in any way."

"I was possessive." Buddha states. "What 'love' I felt for her was nothing more than a desire to make her 'mine.' I wanted to experience a lifetime of happiness with her in tow. What I believed to be my attempts at making her happy were just as much about making myself happy. In that way, my love for her was filled with Greed from the start. That is the insidious nature of the Creator's most hated attribute."

"But you contradict yourself," Orias points out. "If love is insidious and greedy, then by that definition, so too is the Creator. You stated before that what He did for you was in itself an act of love. Does that not mean that he is equally greedy?"

Buddha shakes his head.

"No. The love of a parent is boundless. True love, without any greed, comes in the form of opportunities. The Creator gave me a chance to make a choice. He reincarnated me into the body of Ishmael, not to punish me, but to expand my horizons. Were I a worthier person, I would have spent that lifetime taking in the suffering I endured to temper my soul. I would not have wed Tamael, but instead, would have educated and uplifted her, allowing her to make her own decisions."

Several seconds pass. Buddha's eyes become downcast.

"In fact, I took advantage of Tamael. When she was young and emotionally naïve, I used my superior life experience to manipulate her into loving me. Later, when we grew older and she began to match my emotional capacity, it was too late for her to leave me. She had already grown dependent on me, and I, on her. We both formed greedy attachments to one another, with me being the greatest beneficiary. While others spoke of my selfless love for her, and how I would do anything to make her smile, in fact, she never had much of a choice in the matter. I used her to make myself feel good, and ultimately blamed the Creator for her death."

"Because of Tamael," Buddha concludes, "I lost sight of reality. People die. It is the natural order. Some die horrifically, and others die peacefully, but in the end, all creatures in existence eventually perish. Rather than treasuring the memories I made with Tamael, I spent the next several lifetimes wallowing in anger, anger which was caused my my greedy possessiveness. It is for this reason, Orias, that I speak to you now as a changed man."

He gestures to the golden orb floating in midair, the one with only a few black maggots crawling on its surface.

"Once upon a time, my Karmic Ego was pure and untainted. Then, it became as black as the night. Now, no matter how I try, I will never rid myself of the attachments I once held. My Ego has slowly cleansed itself over time, but it can never regain its former purity. I can never again possess control over Karma, but instead, must pass it on to a worthy successor."

"Me?" Orias asks. "But if yours cannot be cleansed, then surely, mine cannot, either."

Siddhartha Gautama, the Great Buddha, falls utterly silent. For more than a minute, he gazes into Orias's eyes.

He touches the Mirror of Samsara, revealing Orias's sullen Ego once again. Its many maggots, infested deep into the core of his Ego, appear far more vile and sinister than those that barely linger on Buddha's surface.

However, Buddha's gaze softens.

"Unlike me, you have no truly deep-seated attachments. Yes, the Greed you possess has corrupted much of yourself, but in relatively small amounts, spread over a great deal of time. You have taken care to not let it fester within you and wildly corrupt your thinking."

"I don't understand." Orias says. "My Ego is far filthier than yours. If you cast away the last lingering attachments you have to Tamael..."

"I will not." Buddha flatly refuses. "My Greed can never leave me. While it may appear small and harmless, it is, in actuality, a symbiotic parasite that allows me to keep on living. My wife perished before the angels created the Lazarus Tower. As such, I never had the opportunity to see her again. So long as this desire of mine isn't reconciled and given closure, I will never abandon it. It is not a matter of whether or not I can, but simply a fact that I am unwilling."

"But... you can never reconcile your loss." Orias says. "I know you still love her, but why not let go? Practice what you preach."

"I refuse. Orias, do not try to change my ways. I can never again touch upon the Creator's glory. I have sinned too much. While you may have doubts, I believe that in due time, you can become an entity capable of touching His greatness. All you must do is cast aside these minor, frivilous things holding you back. In that way, you will surpass me and become able to wield the power of Karma."

Orias quietly gazes at his master for a minute.

"...But what if I do not want the power of Karma? What if I am fine with the way I am?"

Buddha smiles.

"If that is the case, then you will _absolutely_ become worthy of wielding it."