Dozens of demons walked around Hell Harbor's entrance. Several Barons lined up, ready to fight against that evil woman, the Archangel Uriel, but there was a feeling of dread in the air. Everyone was on edge.

A small demon poked the big demon beside her. "Mister Bael, sir? Why are we waiting?"

It took him a moment to look down at her. "Oh. Sorry, cutie, but we can't. Not till Ose 'n Belial get here."

"But Mister Beelzebub went in there all alone! We have to hurry and help him!"

Mephisto slithered over to her. His bony fingers stretched out and rested on her shoulder. "Beelzebub is a fool for going against the Archangel alone. Our odds of defeating Uriel with all the Dukes and Emperors is astoundingly low. The least effective method of defeating her is to fight her all by ourselves."

Bael rolled his eyes. "Yeah, well, things would be different if the boss were here. He knocked her out with one punch last time they tussled. Without him, looks like I'll hafta do the heavy lifting. If Beelzebub runs out and gets 'imself killed, it proves he's thicker than me."

"What?! No way! Mister Beelzebub can't die! He can regenerate from anything! You crushed his head into pieces, and he still came back!"

"Yeah. Maybe that's true. But I didn't have Holy Energy. Uriel does. No tellin' what that'll do to 'im."

"Holy Energy? What's that...?"

Mephisto rubbed his bony fingers together. His voice hissed like ice. "A corrosive power used by the angels. Pray it never strikes you. It will melt the flesh from your bones and cripple your nervous system. Your pain will be endless until the moment you expire."

"Oh... okay."

The small demon started pacing back and forth. Dozens of thoughts swirled in her head. _Geez! How can anyone say Mister Beelzebub died? He's fine! I bet he beat that angel all by himself! He's strong, and good-looking, and smart, and cunning, and good-looking, and wise... he can take out an Archangel by himself! Sure he can! He even beat that stupid human and made it look easy! Mister Beelzebub is amaz-_

_Whoomph._

A rushing of air caught everyone's attention. The small demon turned to the middle of the building's floor and stared at a portal that had appeared. To her surprise, there was a human standing on the other side. She immediately recognized him as the Hero who had fought and defeated Beelzebub only a few months ago.

Suddenly, a massive red and white-skinned figure leaped out of the portal and rose to his full height. Her eyes widened in horror.

"I-it's Mister Barbatos! I mean, Uriel!"

Several demons nearby leaped away in fear. Two winged angels sprang out beside her, and the portal closed a moment later. Bael and Mephisto turned to look, only to immediately jump into a defensive position.

"Shit! She made it inside?! What scum-sucking turncoat gave her the key to Hell Harbor?!"

Mephisto yanked out a translucent dagger. "That doesn't matter! Everyone, get ready! We must-"

Before Mephisto could finish speaking, one of the two angels next to Uriel leaped into the air. Its face changed into a hollow hole, and an instant later, bolts of light shot out, lasering through the heads of several nearby demons. The small demon stumbled back in surprise and scrambled to get away, as the sounds of chaos erupted around them. Several Barons fell to the ground, dead, in a matter of seconds.

"Rosalia! Get out of here!" Bael bellowed. He uncoiled a massive chain from around his body and flung it at the angel in the air. Rosalia rushed to the exit, only for a bigger demon to smash into her and knock her to the side. He tore out the door, screaming in terror, as did several monsters and other creatures.

"Graaah!" Bael jumped at the Archangel and swung his giant flail down. Uriel dodged it, moving too fast for anyone's eyes to follow. The spiked-ball slammed into the ground, rattling the building and sending a shockwave throughout its foundations. Tiles fell from the ceiling and crashed against the floor, exploding into dust on arrival.

The Archangel laughed wickedly, her voice identical to Mister Barbatos's. "Bahaha! Puny little demons! Tremble before the might of Heaven! Bow before the Creator's judgment!"

"Screw that!" Bael howled. He yanked on his flail's chain and swung it in a wide arc. It passed through Mephisto harmlessly and impacted the Archangel, but stopped short upon hitting an invisible barrier. Shockwaves from the impact rippled outward, rattling everyone's teeth and chest. Rosalia climbed to her feet and moved toward the exit, but paused and lingered outside the door to watch.

"Thou art merely delaying thy death," The Archangel said. "Move with haste and join thy comrade in death's embrace! Today is the day thy filth vanishes from the universe!"

"My comrade?" Bael paused. He narrowed his eyes. "Beelzebub? What did you do to him?!"

An evil look appeared in Uriel's eyes. "_Nothing._ The buffoon blew himself up. My body remained unharmed, rendering his trump card worthless!"

"Even for Beelzebub, that's reckless. Damn him." Bael yanked his flail back and caught it in his hand. "You're many things, but a liar ain't one."

"Angels are the agents of perfection, justice, and cleansing," Uriel said, raising one of her two spears of light. "When I make a promise, I keep it. Dost thee remember my words when last I appeared, Bael?"

The Duke of Pain slowly started to spin his flail around. "How could I forget? You went out screaming like a little bitch. _'I'll return and kill all of you! Nyeh nyeh nyeh.'_ You've got a way with words."

The weapon picked up speed in his hand, creating a vortex. The wind slowly rotated around the room at first, but rapidly transformed into a hurricane engulfing the entire building. Chunks of the roof tore off and entered the makeshift tornado, turning into battering rams as they careened around the portal facility and smashed against the walls.

Uriel narrowed her eyes. "Pah. Dost thee intend to blow me away? A stiff breeze will do nothing against the might of the Archangel of Retribution!"

Rosalia glanced toward Mephisto, only to realize he had disappeared. A moment later, Uriel shrickked in pain and swatted at her back. Mephisto hopped away, clutching his transparent knife. He glowered at her. "Now!"

Bael released his flail. It flew at the Archangel like a mudshark rushing toward its prey. Uriel barely had a moment to glance at its spiked head before it smashed into her face and pounded her through the building's wall. The shock from the impact blasted the portal facility to smithereens, sending debris flying in every direction. Rosalia went flying, unable to grab onto something to save herself.

_Crack._

She hit the ground violently, and the world turned dark.

...

_Aaaoo... My head hurts._

A few moments passed as Rosalia got her bearings. The sounds of a terrific battle not far away made her look toward where the Harbor Annex used to stand. Only a few pieces of metal, tiling, and wood remained, along with the heavily reinforced warp-gates in a semi-circle.

Blood poured from wounds at Uriel's sides. Several undead creatures leaped at the Archangel and her two faceless angels. She spun and twirled her spears around, eviscerating them three at a time like an expert in undead butchery. Mephisto hovered in the air twenty feet above, weaving sign after sign frantically.

While Bael rushed the Archangel and slammed against her barriers over and over, ravenous creatures leaped from the ground and tore at Uriel with huge claws. They looked like a cross between hellhounds and demons, but undead. Rosalia didn't know what they were. She had never seen them before!

"These abominations stand no chance against the Creator's might!" Uriel laughed. She stabbed one of the monsters through its head and flung it into the air toward Mephisto. It passed through him harmlessly, but he still paused his hand motions for a moment and shook his head.

"Your slaughter of my people ends here, you winged hag!" Mephisto yelled.

"Gahhh!!" Bael stumbled back as one of Uriel's constructs hit him in the face with its shield, then stabbed him with a sword of light through his stomach. The faceless angel wrenched its weapon in the Duke's chest, drawing blood. Bael swatted its head and pounded it to pieces with a single blow, but Uriel reformed it a moment later with her magic.

The Duke of Pain took a moment to recover and clutched his wound. "Give us back Barbatos, you dirty pig!"

"I'd sooner die," The Archangel replied coldly. She clapped her hands together, and a gust of wind exploded from her skin, blowing away Bael and all of Mephisto's undead creatures. Before anyone could recover, she wove several signs, summoning two new constructs in the mayhem. One of them was shaped like a cube, while the other was an orb of light with energy spinning around it.

The cube rapidly began to spin and swirl in random directions. Rosalia's body increased in weight, and she slammed to her knees. A moment later, all her strength gave out, and she fell flat on her face. The force of a building pressed against her back, threatening to turn her into a puddle of blood.

She could barely see what was happening. Out of the corner of her eye, she spotted the orb trembling. A hail of fireballs blasted out of it, flew up into the sky, and slammed into the ground, exploding like bombs and pulverizing dirt into mulch.

Bael howled in pain. "Aaaugh!"

Rosalia twitched her head just enough to spot him lying in a pool of blood. The fire scorched the ground but didn't appear to burn him.

_What happened?!_ Rosalia thought.

After a moment, the Duke of Pain jumped to his feet. He slipped in the mud and nearly fell, but managed to keep it together. How he was able to stand escaped Rosalia. She was going to turn into mush in seconds. Everything hurt!!

He inhaled, and strength returned to his body. "Alright. I've had it. Enough is enough. I ain't holding back anymore."

.......................................................

[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9GaIbECisQ)

Bael's bones began to morph and shift. His horns increased in length and bent around to face forward like two spears of bone. His muscles tripled in size, as did the rest of his body. His back split apart, allowing scorching flames to pour from the gap.

Every second that passed increased the strain on Rosalia's delicate feminine frame. Her vision started to darken. The stress on her brain... was... too much.

Suddenly, the pressure vanished. She took a breath reflexively and winced in pain from all her fractured ribs.

A monstrous howl made her flinch in fright. "**GROOOOAR!!**"

She jumped to her feet and hid behind a pillar. Bael stood fifteen feet tall now and towered over the tiny little Archangel. She looked like an imp compared to his monstrous size. Black wings sprouted from his back, and fire engulfed his skin.

"The Balrog form? Haha... Thou art desperate, little Duke."

Uriel jumped back and formed a barrier barely in the nick of time. Bael banged his fist against her invisible wall with ten times the power from before. Her constructs went flying from the force of the impact, and the wall shattered into a thousand fragments. He snatched his flail and swung it so fast no one could even see it move. It smashed against the Archangel and sent her sprawling across the ground. She rolled and flipped through the dirt, yet somehow leaped into a standing position and landed unharmed.

Uriel's four summoned creations tried to reform, but Bael was too fast. He leaped at the cube and crushed it in his giant palm. "PUNY LITTLE ANGELS! DIE! DIE! CRUSH TO DUST!!"

Uriel's smarmy attitude vanished. "What in Heaven's name?!" She formed another barrier, but Bael tore through it like it was made of paper. He grabbed the Archangel and slammed her into the ground over and over, treating her like a wet rag that needed the water beaten out of it. Uriel tried to break free of the Balrog's grasp, but his grip proved inescapable.

One of her angels opened its face and fired bolts of Holy Energy at the rampaging monster. Bael ignored the construct as if it wasn't even there. He continued slamming the Archangel against the ground without stopping. "POUND! POUND! DIE! DIE!"

Mephisto watched from the air. Despite Bael's onslaught, Mephisto's expression turned grim. "Bael! You must control yourself! Don't lose yourself to rage!"

"SHUT UP! STUPID GHOST! USELESS IDIOT! GROOOARR!!" Bael opened his mouth and blasted a wave of heat at the Duke of Mist. Mephisto flinched, and to Rosalia's shock, the fire scorched his bones and burned away the rags covering his body. Mephisto fell and hit the ground with a sickening _crunch_.

_I thought nobody could hurt Mephisto! How did Bael-?!_ Rosalia thought.

The Balrog continued to pound and smash the Archangel. He eventually held her up, inhaled, and unleashed a massive wave of fire upon her unmoving form.

Uriel didn't scream. She hung limply in the monster's grasp as the flames engulfed her.

A moment later, Bael grew bored of his unmoving prey. He dropped Uriel, then turned his attention to her three remaining constructs. A few seconds later, they exploded into fragments as he tore them apart.

Rosalia's heart trembled. _W-we did it! We won! But... why is there this sickening feeling in my stomach?_

Immediately, Rosalia realized why. Bael aimed his head at a village barely visible in the distance and inhaled deeply. He spit a ball of flame as big as his head toward the local settlement, decimating several structures in the area and killing Devils knew how many demons and humans.

_He's a loose cannon!_ Rosalia thought.

She quickly ran over, terror in her heart. "Mister Bael! You have to stop! Don't attack other demons!"

Bael whirled around to roar at her. "TINY WOMAN! YOU NO SCARE ME!"

He inhaled again. Rosalia jumped to the side and rolled, then ran as fast as she could, circling the Balrog. Bael unleashed a wave of fire, spinning to face her as he tried to cook her to a crisp. She rolled underneath him and dove into a crater, making herself as small as possible.

The sounds of Bael's flames ceased. "WHERE GO?! YOU HIDE, ME FIND!"

After a moment, the Balrog gave up. He forgot about Rosalia entirely and turned his attention to the Archangel again. She peeked over the crater and watched as he picked her up by the head. "NOT SO BIG NOW! WEAK ANGEL! PATHETIC!"

Uriel coughed. "B-Bael... it's me... Barbatos. You did it... you beat her. You won. I'm back."

Bael narrowed his eyes. "BARBATOS? THAT YOU?"

"Yes... you won. You can... revert now..."

"No! Bael!" Mephisto jumped to his feet. His entire body was only a skeleton without any clothes to cover him. "It's a trick! Don't fall for it!"

Bael turned and glowered at the Duke of Mist. "YOU SHUT UP! ME NO LIKE YOU! LITTLE BONEY MAN!"

Uriel's armor, what little she wore, had melted to slag on her hands and feet. Rosalia could barely make out a smile underneath her melted helmet. "Bael, Mephisto is your enemy. You have to fight him..."

"FIGHT? BONEY?"

"Yes. Fight Boney. He... he thinks thy demonhood is tiny."

"WHAT?! THAT BASTARD!" Bael flung Uriel against the ground. Several of her bones snapped, but she didn't try to retaliate. Instead, she watched as Bael turned his attention toward the Duke of Mist. "I NEVER LIKED YOU! LITTLE RUNT! NOT FIT TO BE DUKE!"

Mephisto shook his head. "Oh, for devil's sake..."

The Balrog leaped away from Uriel and slammed his fist into the dirt where Mephisto stood. Before he could land his punch, the aetherial Duke floated underground, leaving the Balrog to tear the soil apart while he searched for his prey.

While both Dukes battled, all Rosalia could do was hang back and stare in horror.

_I can't help._ Rosalia thought.

_I'm too weak._

Mister Beelzebub always said so. He called her useless. He called her ugly.

_He didn't mean that, did he? Am I useless? I can't walk ten feet without tripping. I can't muster anything beyond the weakest healing magic._

_Mister Beelzebub was right. I'm incompetent. All I can do is watch while the remainder of the Council battles against an ancient Goddess for our right to survive._

_What purpose do I serve anymore? Without Mister Beelzebub... I'm nothing._

_Why? Why did he have to die?_

_No. That's not right. Uriel said he blew himself up. He must have detonated every cell in his body. He did it, hoping to kill her. It was a brave sacrifice. I know Mister Beelzebub. He would never allow this Archangel to beat him. No matter what, he'd stand up for himself and put his pride on the line._ Rosalia reasoned.

Rosalia cautiously rose to her feet and peered over the crater's edge. Uriel wove water around herself. Her bloody wounds and broken bones quickly mended. It didn't take long before she finished healing herself and cracked her neck. Bael continued to pound and tear at the ground while trying to get to Mephisto. He didn't see her weaving hand signs again.

She was going to attack him!

Rosalia quickly jumped over the edge, ran up to the massive demon-angel hybrid, and leaped at her back.

Something hit her. She didn't know what, but it hurt. Her vision turned spotty. She hit the dirt, hard.

A voice spoke. "Cannon fodder. How bold for a bloodskin as weak as thee to enter this battlefield. Allow me to grant ye a quick death!"

Rosalia opened her eyes and blinked back tears. Ice ripped through her veins as she spotted Uriel standing over her, her palm aimed at her face. A ball of light formed in Uriel's grasp. "If only thou had fled with the rest of the vermin, ye might have survived today's battle. Now, thou shalt die."

Rosalia couldn't move. She was scared! _Oh devils, what have I done?!_ She thought.

Her body shook uncontrollably. The Archangel smiled. Her blood-red eyes stared into Rosalia's soul.

Suddenly, Bael appeared. He grabbed the Archangel and crushed her in his grip, then flung her away, out toward the sea. Rosalia followed her with her eyes until she impacted the water. A small tidal wave rushed toward the coast and splashed against the seawall.

The Balrog stared toward the ocean. "That won't be enough to end Uriel's rampage—still, thanks for the distraction. I needed the Archangel to take her eyes off Bael for a moment. You saved me the trouble."

Bael's gravelly voice sounded far more composed than usual.

_What the heck?!_ Rosalia thought.

"Bael? Is that you?"

He glanced down at her. "No. I'm currently possessing the Duke's body. I thought it would be a good way to surprise the Archangel. Luckily, his intelligence drops to negative-three in his Balrog form, so possessing him becomes a simple matter."

"Possessing him? Who are you? Why are you controlling Mister Bael?"

Bael sighed. "I'm Ose. The new Third Emperor. Controlling my subjects is my right, don't you know? Mephisto! Come out!"

Mephisto peeped out of the ground. "Bael?"

"No. Ose. I'm manipulating the dumb one's mind. My physical form is on that mountaintop over there, about fifteen miles away." Ose swung Bael's huge arm to point off in the distance opposite the ocean.

"Oh. Wonderful. So glad you could join us. What took you so long?!"

"The messenger only told me to meet up at Hell Harbor five minutes ago. Luckily, I can travel quickly anywhere I please. Oh. She's back."

A massive wall of water rushed at them. Rosalia shrieked in fright, but Ose slapped Bael's hands together, summoning a shockwave to slice the miniature tsunami in half. It washed against the ground to either side of them harmlessly.

Uriel flew out of the gap and hit the ground with a _WHUMP_, sending mud flying. "Deceitful backstabber! How in character for thee to attack me from behind!"

Ose cocked Bael's head. "Oh, sorry. Did I hurt you? Perhaps I should have been more gentle. I'll take your feelings into consideration next time."

The Archangel paused. "Hm? Who art thou? Certainly not Bael. He's hardly eloquent."

"For the third time, I'm Ose. The new Third Emperor. Soon to be First, after I smear you across the dirt."

"Ose?" Uriel glowered at Mephisto and Rosalia. "I see. Thou art controlling Bael."

"Wow. Give this angel a cookie. She pieced it together." Ose clapped Bael's palms together slowly. "Bravo. Bravo."

"One Emperor won't change anything. Show thy face, coward."

"I'm not a coward. I'm brilliant. Much smarter than the rest of the rabble." Ose pointed at her chest. "Bael's transformation gives great power at the cost of intelligence, but by controlling his body, I transform him into an unstoppable juggernaut. It's hardly cowardice to use the best tools at hand."

Uriel motioned with her hands. Two spears of light formed in her grasp while her four constructs rematerialized. "Thy confidence appears impregnable. However, bloodskin Emperors always think themselves undefeatable. Belial lost to me. Thou shalt, as well."

"I don't think so," Ose said. "You were barely holding on before. No matter how strong you pretend to be, you won't beat my genius. I've planned your defeat ever since the last time I saw you fight."

"Enough talk." Uriel flicked her eyes, and metal from the Annex rushed over to her and encased her body in makeshift armor. "I hate chatting with bloodskins."

"It must kill you to live in the mind of one."

"Damn right!" Uriel swung her spear at the Balrog, and a gust of wind flew out, barely knocking him back an inch. "It's my definition of HELL!!"
