Once again, Jason's vision returned to the campfire before Solomon and the Archangels. Michael appeared more agitated than usual, which wasn't surprising, given how he was almost always on edge.

"This Valac guy seems powerful," Jason said with a reserved tone. "If he was the Grim Reaper, then he must have been a terrifying opponent."

"Hmph. I wouldn't go so far as to praise the Reaper," Michael replied. "But t'would not be a lie to say his abilities were... formidable. Valac's soul manipulation stood at a precipice far beyond others of his ilk. Not only did he mold the souls of humans, but bloodskins and monsters as well."

Jason scratched his chin. "Mmm. Speaking of monsters, where do they come from? I've always wondered about that. I saw goblins and orcs in videogames and books and other such forms of entertainment, but I never saw them in the real world."

Solomon smirked. "The world you knew, in the 21st century, held many tenuous links to its ancient past. The forces manipulating humanity from the shadows went to great lengths to conceal our storied history and to pretend the existence of the demons was little more than old mythology from ancient civilizations."

"Do you mean that humans were working with the demons to conceal the existence of demons?" Jason asked.

"Sometimes, yes. After battling mighty heroes like myself, Alexander the Great, King Arthur, and Joan of Arc, demons began to avoid human society. The might of a hero was, for thousands of years, the only threat to demonkind, but eventually, humanity's total military might began to dwarf even the heroes. By the time of automatic weapons, demons made sure to hide underground and never show their faces," Solomon explained.

"Some might call such actions cowardly," Raphael said. "I thought them wise. There were several instances when the demons came close to wiping out all of humanity and the angels. Thankfully, thy people were resilient. Humans shared one quality with the demons they didn't account for, which was resilience. Like cockroaches, if a few scatterings of humans survived anywhere and the demons didn't sniff them out, that pocket of resistance would grow back and learn to counter the tactics the demons used, forcing them to change. 'Twas a delicate balance maintained for several thousand years."

"Unintentionally," Gabriel added. "If the demons had a chance to defeat humanity, they would have used it."

Jason reached back and scratched his head, though it surprised him he could feel the sensations in a dream world. Solomon's Crown was something else. "Demons could kill humanity now, but they haven't. It's in their best interest to turn us into soul-energy cattle, but why didn't they realize that back in the ancient times?"

"Ah, it's funny you ask," Solomon said. "The short answer is that the overwhelming majority of demons _couldn't_ steal souls from dead humans. That changed later. We'll get to it eventually. In the meantime, perhaps we should move to the next vision?"

Jason nodded. "Yeah. Sounds good. Take the helm, captain."

Solomon rolled his eyes. "Aye, aye."

................................................................................

This time, when Jason materialized, he ended up once again in Satan's body. He knew because of Satan's height, and when Jason opened his eyes, the first person he saw was Agares.

The two of them took the lead as they guided the remaining demons through a familiar winding cave. Their eyes, now able to see in the dark, allowed them to navigate without Uzziel's angelic glow showing the way.

It doesn't take long for them to arrive at Heaven's Gate. The opaque portal, unguarded from the outside, hummed pleasantly as waves of blue energy oscillated inside the gateway. The rivers of mana spun around, beckoning for them to enter.

"This is it, boss," Agares said. "I hope your plan works."

"Me too, chum," Satan replied. Even though sound couldn't pass through the portal, they kept their voices low, fearful someone would hear them. "Someone's gotta take the two guards down real quiet-like. I dunno when the shifts rotate, so we'll need to-"

Suddenly, a hand grabbed Satan's shoulder. He turned to look at the person interrupting him, only to see Bael's huge head inches from his.

"We gotta go in there and kick some ass! Hit 'em hard! Let's beat the crap outta any angel in our way!" Bael shouted.

Satan sighed. "Bael, you're going to stay behind. I don't want to cause a racket, and that's all you'll do."

"W-what?" Bael pulled away. His face contorted into an expression of shock, as if Satan had deeply wounded him. "I don't... get to... smash some heads?"

"No. You don't. Once we're inside, you and Deebs will stay behind at the gate and signal us if the angels discover our presence. We're using stealth, not dumbassery, understand?" Satan said.

Bael puffed out his lower lip. "I-I'm plenty stealthy."

"Yeah, sure. You're full of shit. Stick to the plan," Satan replied.

Satan gestured toward the gate. "Alright, Deebs. I hope you know what you're doing."

The hairy demon jerked his thumb out. "Hah! Always!"

Diablo zipped toward the gate, paused for a moment to take a deep breath, then jumped through.

Several seconds passed. All of the demons watched with pounding hearts as they waited for the results.

"D-did he make it?" Bael asked.

"I don't know, moron. Wait and see. If he didn't... we'll know soon," Satan said.

Hardly had the words left Satan's mouth when suddenly two unconscious angels came flying through the portal. They hit the ground with a dull _thud_, and Diablo hopped back to their side, landing atop the nearest one's back.

"I was fortunate! They didn't resist my sleep magic at all!" Diablo said.

All six demons walked over to Bael. Satan nudged the closest one with his foot. "Nice. Bael, snap his neck."

Agares glanced at Satan in confusion. "What? We can't kill them, Satan! They're defenseless."

"'Zactly. It means they won't put up a fight. We've been killing animals left and right. What difference does it make?" Satan asked.

Diablo hopped to the floor and stepped away, allowing Bael to draw near. Before the big guy could do his work, Valac shoved Satan aside.

"That one's soul is mine; his death will be sublime. Don't cry or whine; there will be a next time," Valac said.

Bael jumped aside as Valac summoned his scythe. The Reaper swung around and stabbed the blade down. It passed through the angel's body and hit the ground with a _tink_. A moment later, the angel's skin paled. His glowing aura dimmed, and the life expired from his eyes. Valac raised his lantern. A ghostly wisp escaped the angel's body, entered the lantern, and spun inside for a moment before coming to a rest.

Everyone stared in shock as Valac raised his scythe over the second cherub. "What was that?" Agares asked.

Valac drove his scythe through the second cherub's chest. As the light faded from the angel's eyes, Valac turned away. "The power of an angel, the power of the Creator. I reap their souls so my power will become greater."

"What's a soul?" Agares asked.

Valac didn't reply, but Satan did. "It's the innermost part of an angel or one of us. When it dies or vanishes, so do they, leaving an empty husk behind."

Agares stared stonily at the two dead angels, then wiped his forehead. "Tsk. Killing someone when they're helpless feels wrong. I can't condone it."

"I don't like it either," Bael grunted. "It ain't fun if they don't fight back."

"Enough bickering," Satan said, interrupting their conversation. "We don't have long. Let's go."

Reluctantly, Agares fell into place beside Satan as they hopped into the portal. The other five demons followed after, and once they arrived on the other side, Satan glanced around warily.

"I don't see anyone. Bael, Deebs, you two stay near the portal. If any angels come, try and knock 'em out. If you can't... make sure we know," Satan said.

"I understand," Diablo replied. He made an _ok_ sign with his hand. "I'm on the job."

Satan gestured toward Belial. "You and Agares, come with me. We've gotta find Samael and Uzziel. They're the key to my plans. The rest of you, fan-out, keep low, and try to blend in. Stay away from angels if you can. Tell the imps to spread the word about our flight."

Lucifer, Orias, and Vepar nodded. "Understood."

Valac lowered his head. "Do as you please, but I have a goal. Don't interrupt me, or for you, a bell will toll."

The Grim Reaper glided through the nearby tall grass, becoming a shadow amongst the greenery. The rest of them stared at him silently as he left, unsure what to do.

"He'd better not fuck everything up," Satan muttered. "Let's move."

............................................................

Satan headed toward the Gardens, keeping out of sight whenever possible. Agares and Belial slinked along behind him, though it didn't take long for Satan's nerves to tremble.

"Too many angels around," Satan muttered. "We stick out like a sore thumb, especially in these clothes. Imps don't wear animal hides."

Agares' tongue flicked out of his mouth. "Tsk. Let's shed them, then."

"I'd rather not," Belial said, acting oddly prudish. "I'm not comfortable in the nude."

"Shake your tush," Satan said, turning to grin at her. "I'm sure you'll enjoy it. Besides. A little nudity ain't nothin' compared to what'll happen if the angels discover us."

Anxiety boiled inside Belial's eyes. She bit her lip, unsure what to do, but after a moment, she began pulling her tigerskin clothing off. "Fine. Stop staring."

Satan rolled his eyes. "Ain't nothin' to see. You're flat as a board."

"Excuse me?" Belial asked.

"Someone's sensitive," Satan replied.

Satan quickly started pulling his pants and shirt off, and when he finished with his shirt, he stared at Belial in surprise. "Uh, what? You look..."

Belial, her body now shrunken down to an imp form, smirked at him. "Illusion magic. Now you have nothing to ogle."

"You can change your appearance?" Satan asked.

"It's temporary. I suspect perceptive angels will see right through my disguise," Belial said.

Satan quickly rubbed his chin. "Can you use that on us?"

"Maybe? I'll try," Belial replied.

Belial weaved a few magic signs, then walked over and pressed her palm against Satan's chest. As soon as she drew close, her body morphed back into her demon form, but after stepping away, it shrank again.

She repeated her magic with Agares, and after the two of them separated, Agares' body shrank. "Did it work?" he asked.

"Yeah. I think it did for me, too," Satan replied.

Belial breathed a sigh of relief. "My magic will wear off soon if I don't keep renewing it, so we need to move fast. Don't walk too close to angels. They'll see through our facades."

"Trust me. I'll keep my distance," Satan said.

...

The three of them started walking toward a large group of angels near the center of the Gardens. It didn't take long before they spotted Uzziel with a crowd of onlookers watching as she played her harp.

"There's the dame," Satan whispered to the other two. "We gotta pull her out of that crowd. Isolate her. Get her all alone."

Agares frowned. "Be careful, Satan. She might look like a young woman, but Uzziel is still an Archangel. She's extremely dangerous."

"You don't have to tell me twice. Keep your eyes peeled for Samael. He's the key to my plan," Satan said.

Cautiously, they skulked around the edges of the gathering. One or two angels glanced at them for a moment, but they turned back to Uzziel's performance after a second or two. They didn't matter to the angels.

After finishing, Uzziel bowed her head, and the others clapped politely. "Beautiful as always!"

"Thank you, I do what I can," Uzziel said sweetly. Her radiant smile warmed the hearts of everyone nearby.

"Satan," Belial whispered. "Return to that secluded spot behind the tree. I have an idea."

Satan frowned. "What are you planning?"

"I'm going to draw Uzziel away from this crowd. Don't worry. I think I'll succeed. If I don't try, she'll probably continue playing her harp for hours," Belial explained.

"True. Mother loves plucking at the damn thing," Satan agreed.

Agares raised an eyebrow. "Shouldn't we stop calling her 'mother' now?"

"Of course not, dumbass. Our goal today is to use Uzziel for our gain, not to hurt her. If she turns feisty, we'll use force. Otherwise, we won't," Satan said.

"Whatever you say," Agares muttered.

Agares and Satan left Belial to the task at hand. They slipped off and returned to the tree where they had stashed their clothes and lay in wait.

A minute passed. Two. Three.

Satan bit his lip. "Damn. What's taking so long?"

Agares appeared unfazed. "Belial is cautious, Satan. Give her time to work her magic. If she pulls too hard, Uzziel might cause a scene. That would be disastrous."

"We don't have time, remember? The angels could check on Heaven's Gate at any moment. Cripes. Wish she'd pick up the pace. Can't ever rely on a broad for anything," Satan complained.

After another minute, Agares peeped out from behind the tree. "Oh! Look alive, Satan. Here they come."

Satan nudged Agares. "Try and stay out of sight, but morph into a lizard again. We'll need to subdue Uzziel, then lure Samael over next. You're the best guy for the job."

Agares nodded. "As you command."

He quickly morphed his body, growing scales, claws, and a tail, then he scurried up the tree, climbing it just as Uzziel and Belial walked around to Satan's side.

Uzziel's voice lilted when she saw Satan. "Oh, is this the one? I thought ye said he was injured."

Belial's eyes flicked to Satan, then darted around, trying to find Agares. Satan quickly clutched his chest and leaned back, pretending to be hurt. "Ah, mudder Uzziel, it bad. Tummy hurt."

Concern sprouted on Uzziel's face. "Oh? Are you alright, little one? Did you overeat?"

She took a few steps toward Satan, ignorant of the reptile clinging to the branches above. As she kneeled down, Uzziel's expression turned into a frown. "Hey... thy face is familiar. Come to think of it, so is the female's..."

The Archangel didn't get a moment to piece the puzzle together. Belial and Agares pounced at her. Belial morphed and stretched her body, quickly wrapping around Uzziel's arms and legs to stop any spellcasting, while Agares landed on the woman's back, dug his claws in, and latched onto her firmly.

The Archangel flopped onto her stomach, unable to fight back. Agares covered her mouth with his claws and pressed a talon against her throat. "Don't make a sound, Mother. We won't hesitate to kill you."

Uzziel's eyes darted around in terror. She stopped struggling to stare at Satan helplessly as he loomed over her.

"We don't want to hurt you, Mother. As long as you keep quiet and play the part of our hostage, things will turn out alright. Agares, are you holding her tight?" Satan asked.

The reptilian demon nodded. His crocodilian head made it difficult to ascertain his emotions, but coiling around Uzziel's body seemed to disturb him somewhat. Satan didn't think he liked it.

"Alright. Belial, find Samael. Bring him here next," Satan ordered.

The demoness unwrapped from Uzziel slowly, allowing Agares to coil his tail around her arms, pinning them behind her back. "Uzziel told me where he was on the way here. I'll return soon," Belial said.

Belial darted away, leaving Agares and Satan alone with Uzziel. The Archangel mumbled through Agares' claws covering her mouth. "Mghm?"

"I told you to keep quiet, Mother. Don't speak, and this will all be over soon," Satan told her.

Her body sagged in Agares' grip.

This time, fifteen minutes passed. Agares began to dart his eyes around. "Tch. We should have brought Deebs. He could have put her to sleep."

"I need her to be awake. It'll convince Samael better if she struggles a little," Satan said.

Agares glanced away. "You're messed up, Satan."

"No more than some demons, and less than others," Satan replied.

Eventually, when Satan glanced behind the tree again, he spotted Samael walking behind Belial. The Archangel scowled at her as if he couldn't believe she would waste his time over some trivial task.

The moment Samael rounded the tree, his eyes lasered onto Uzziel, facedown on the grass, with a freaky lizard-creature wrapped around her.

"Sister?! What in the name of—?!"

"Don't move," Satan said, holding a finger to his neck. "Or your sister dies."

Samael blinked twice. He started to motion with his hands, but froze when Agares stabbed his talon deeper into Uzziel's throat, causing her to whimper and cry. A few drops of blood dripped into the grass, staining it red.

The Archangel of Change paused, uncertain what he should do. "Tch! What is this?! How dare ye lay a hand on Uzziel!"

"Keep calm, and your sister will live to see another day," Satan said, ice dripping from his voice. Belial slid over beside him to get out of Samael's reach.

The male Archangel regarded Satan for a few moments before lowering his arms to his sides. "Little imp bastard. Speak quickly, for soon, I will remove thy head from thy shoulders."

"Don't get your panties in a bunch, kid. I'm in control here." Satan waved his finger at Samael. "There's something I want, and only you can give it to me. If you don't, your sister dies."

Uzziel wiggled in Agares' grasp and tried to yell something, but Agares coiled around her a little tighter, like a python squeezing the life from its prey. His scaled claws continued to press against her lips, preventing her from screaming for help.

"Tell me what thou dost desire," Samael said. He suppressed his anger further, turning his expression deathly calm. His expression sent tingles of fear creeping down Satan's back, but the Devil forced himself to remain calm.

"That's better. I want you to help me release all the imps from Heaven. You should do everything in your power to ensure no harm comes to any of them," Satan said.

Samael narrowed his eyes. His expression was sometimes difficult to make out through the golden mask covering his upper face, but his look of suspicion was unmistakable. "An exodus? Thou intendeth for them to leave Heaven?"

"That's right, chum. Pretty simple, eh?" Satan asked.

Samael appeared unconvinced. "Surely thou art a jester. Why should thou wish to leave Heaven when Earth is a miserable-"

"I have my reasons, stupid chicken. Don't question me. In addition to granting the imps safe passage, I want'cha to sign this scroll..." Satan said.

Satan's hands became a flurry of motion. Mana left his body and coalesced into a Blood Contract, which hovered before him in midair for a moment, then landed in his grasp.

"What is that?" Samael asked.

"Call it a souvenir," Satan said slyly. "It's a record of my first incredible deed beating an angel. By signing this, you acknowledge I beat you. That's all."

"I don't understand," Samael said.

"It's a personal thing. Call it one of my eccentricities, if you want. Either way, if you don't sign it..." Satan nodded toward Agares, and the reptilian squeezed Uzziel even harder, making her whimper and cry.

Samael ground his teeth together. "Worthless... fine. Give me the damned scroll. I'll have the last laugh when we place thy wretched head upon a pike."

Satan nodded, keeping his expression neutral. "Perhaps. We shall see."

Satan walked toward the Archangel, and he violently snatched the scroll from Satan's grasp. "How do I 'sign' this? What does that even mean?"

"The feather. Prick your finger with it and write your name or a symbol on the page at the bottom. Use your blood," Satan explained.

The Archangel curled his lip in disgust. "Gah! My blood?! Thou art a morbid little wretch. What purpose would blood-"

"Sign it!" Satan barked, making Samael jump in surprise. "Or else!"

Samael closed his eyes, then sighed. "I can't wait to... to rip the life from thy skinny little..."

The Archangel didn't finish his sentence. Instead, he released his grip on the scroll. For some reason, it unfurled in midair, as if held by an invisible observer. With both hands freed, Samael took the feather, stabbed his finger, and began to write on the page.

When the Archangel finished, a strange sensation entered Satan's body. Adrenaline, mixed with pure ecstasy, danced like the embers of a fire in his eyes.

Satan's pupils dilated. He licked his lips. "Oh, yes. _Perfect._"

With a flourish of his hand, the blood contract vanished. Satan grinned.

"Agares. Release Uzziel."

The lizard turned to gawk at him. "What?! Are you crazy? If I-"

"Do it," Satan repeated.

Samael tensed up. He dug his feet into the ground, as if preparing to lunge at Satan once they freed his sister.

Satan grinned.

_What a fool,_ Satan thought.

Satan's thoughts entered Jason's mind, as clear as day.

Suddenly, a feeling of disorientation washed over Jason. He had never experienced anyone's thoughts but his own during Solomon's visions.

_He played right into my hand. Heh heh heh..._ Satan's internal laughter echoed in Jason's mind.

Satan's grin widened. Samael curled up his lip and snarled. "What dost thou find so funny, little wretch?"

Uzziel wrenched out of Agares' grasp and flung him aside, then dashed to her brother. "S-Samael!"

Samael grabbed his sister and pulled her behind him protectively. He lunged toward Satan, his fist ready to pound the demon into a pile of blood and gore.

Satan held up his palm.

"Stop."

Samael froze, his fist suspended mere inches from Satan's face.

"Ngh. W-what... my... body..." Samael grunted.

By now, Satan's grin was downright maniacal. He began to giggle like a madman under his breath.

"Hehe... stupid, ugly chicken. You signed your soul away to me. I own you. Stand at attention," Satan said.

The command hit Samael harder than a sack of bricks. The Archangel yanked back to a standing position. Both of his arms hung rigidly at the sides of his body.

"I... I can't... move..." Samael muttered.

Samael twitched, trying to unfree himself from the invisible shackles wrapping all around his soul.

Unfortunately, he could not.

Satan whistled a merry tune and strolled over to the Archangel. "First rule, maggot. You will never hurt or injure me or any demon, ever again."

"Samael?" Uzziel's eyes widened. "What's wrong?"

Satan ignored her. "Second rule. You will follow my orders or those any demon gives you unless they conflict with the first rule."

Uzziel quickly grabbed her brother's shoulders. "Samael! Snap out of it! This child does not command thee!"

Samael's breath began to shorten. "This... this is... powerful magic. Verily, thou dids't place a spell on my body... ah! That scroll!"

Satan nodded sagely. "How unfortunate for you to realize after you've already signed it. Ah, it can't be helped. Now, my first order for you will be a simple one, though I fear you won't like it."

Samael's eyes widened. "No... no! Uzziel! Flee! Warn the others! This imp is planning something terrible! He's-!"

"Restrain your sister," Satan said, cutting him off. "Prevent her from using magic, and cover her mouth so she can't scream."

Samael's body obeyed the command instantly, though his movements were awkward and stilted. He pivoted robotically and spun toward her. Instead of lunging toward Uzziel and grabbing hold of her, something strange happened.

Uzziel's arms yanked away from her sides. Something invisible appeared to grab and pull them apart. Her eyes widened once again as she tried to break free, but something with a grip far exceeding Agares' held her in place. She tried to kick her legs out, but the invisible force grabbed and pinned those as well, then levitated her a few inches off the ground, suspending her helplessly in the air.

Satan narrowed his eyes. "What's going on? How are you doing that, Samael? Answer me!"

Samael didn't turn to look at Satan. "V-Vectors. My eight vectors. They're like long, invisible arms that allow me to- augh! It isn't thy business! I need not tell thee anything!"

"That's for me to decide," Satan muttered coolly. "Vectors, huh? Interesting. I didn't know you had a power like that. What other abilities do you have?"

The veins in Samael's neck bulged as he tried desperately not to answer. "Tr-transformation. I can shift my body into that of various animals. No! This information is not meant for thy wretched ears! How dare thee compel my speech!"

Uzziel wriggled, trying to escape. For the second time in several minutes, she was unable to break free of her assailant's grasp. This time, however, it was someone dear to her who held her in place.

Satan nodded to Agares and Belial. "Alright. We're done here. Let's help the other imps escape. We need-"

Suddenly, from the skies above, a male voice cried out. "By the Creator! Samael! What art thou doing to Uzziel?!"

Satan's eyes darted to the speaker. A robed angel with a rose tucked behind his ear flapped his wings, gawking at them from above.

Samael yelled, "Elphin! Run! Warn the others! This imp is using terrible magic to-"

"Stop speaking!" Satan barked at Samael, silencing him. "Rule three! Speak only when I tell you to!"

Elphin stared wide-eyed from above, unsure of what to do. However, to his credit, he quickly understood something was amiss. "Worry not, brother! I'll fetch the others!"

"No! Stop him!" Satan yelled at Agares and Belial. "Don't let him sound the alarm!"

The two demons leaped into action. Agares used his powerful reptilian arms to grab Belial by the waist. She yelps in surprise, but quickly understood his intent as he reared back and flung her toward the angel fleeing in the skies above.

Belial raced toward Elphin like an arrow toward a bullseye. He didn't see her coming, and she slammed against his back, wrapping herself around the Cherub like play-doh around an action figure.

Elphin yelps in surprise and lost control, plummeting toward the ground. He slammed into the grass a few hundred feet away, just out of sight. Several dozen screams of surprise and alarm erupted in the clearing, turning Satan's veins to ice.

"Damn. Damn! Now everyone knows something's up!" Satan shouted.

Agares barked from behind him. "We have to escape, Satan! It won't be long before the other Archangels come. Whether you control Samael or not, we can't battle Michael, Gabriel, and Camael at the same time. We have to leave!"

Jason paused, as Satan's thoughts entered his mind.

_There are tens of thousands of imps in Heaven. We can't have saved more than a few hundred yet. We need more time,_ Satan thought.

Satan gestured toward Samael. "Come with me. Bring Uzziel! We're heading back to Heaven's Gate."

Belial bolted out of the Garden and rushed toward them, panic etched into her face. "The angels are coming!"

"I know! Let's make like wolves and get the bark outta here!" Satan shouted.

...............................................

All three demons, plus the two Archangels, began running toward Heaven's Gate. A glance over Satan's shoulder sent a wave of panic coursing through him, as hundreds of Cherubs flew overhead, tailing not far behind them.

"Get a move on! Go, go, go!!" Satan urged.

As they neared Heaven's Gate, a shocking sight greeted them. Valac stood silently among a field of angelic bodies. Armored Cherubs along with robed Seraphs lie here and there, at least a hundred of them scattered across the land. Imps dashed past the corpses, ignoring them as they fled toward Heaven's Gate. Everyone knew the Cherubs were coming. Panic spread like wildfire once they spotted Satan's group and their winged pursuers.

Diablo gasped. "The Archangel Samael! And Uzziel! Boss, you-"

"Not now, dumbass! Summon everyone! We've gotta escape right now!" Satan barked.

They slowed to a grinding halt and spun to face the blotted-out sky. Within seconds, Cherubs began racing toward them. They slammed into the ground, one after the other, landing expertly on their feet. Each impact sent a rumble through Heaven's soil, jarring Satan's teeth.

"Diablo! Use your magic on Uzziel! Samael, hold her down!" Satan commanded.

Several cherubs yanked out their swords and jumped at Satan. He gasped and fell on his ass, watching helplessly as the weapons raced toward his heart.

A blur of motion passed before his eyes.

The angels hit a wall of solid flesh as Bael protected Satan and blocked their attacks. He grabbed their swords and flipped them to the sides, then pounced at each one and smashed their faces in with punches and kicks, snapping a neck or two in the process.

A quick glance behind Satan revealed Samael fighting his body as he tried not to hand Uzziel over to Diablo. Diablo formed a few magic signs, grabbed her by the back of the neck, and Uzziel's eyes closed reluctantly. The Archangel fell asleep, and Diablo lowered her to the ground.

"Bind her," Satan commanded. "Samael, you're on frontline duty. Kill any Cherubs or Archangels who get too close. Protect us, and especially me, with your life!"

Samael snarled, but thanks to the command earlier, he could not speak. The Archangel leaped to the front and assumed a defensive stance as he guarded Heaven's Gate. He tried to keep Uzziel within his vision, but Satan pointed at the Cherub army. "Eyes up front, dickhead! Your sister isn't your concern anymore!"

His head twitched as he tried to resist. He failed.

Samael glowered and snarled at the cherubs, causing several to rethink their life's decisions. Many of them glanced at each other, unsure of whether to attack.

_Why is Samael working alongside the imps?_ their eyes asked. _Should we attack? Should we wait for Michael and the others?_

They didn't have to wait for long. As if on cue, four other angels arrived on the horizon. Two men and two women landed amongst their brethren. Jason recognized the towering figure of Gabriel first, then Raphael beside him, but he didn't have a clue who the women were.

"Samael? What is the meaning of this treachery?" Gabriel shouted. "Why dost thee stand against thy family? Why hath thee allowed the imps to bind Uzziel? Speak!"

Raphael leaned forward and narrowed his eyes. "Look closely, brother. Some of the imps stand taller than the rest. The bodies around us... Samael did not kill them."

Defiantly, Satan strutted toward the Archangels. "Greetings. I doubt you'll recognize me, but I know you lot well. Gabriel, Raphael, Camael, Uriel. I'm surprised Michael didn't come along."

One of the Archangels, a female in splendid white and gold armor, far bulkier than seems necessary, glowered at Satan. Her face, wizened with age, reminded Jason somewhat of Raphael's, though it had a harder edge to it than his. She appeared to be a little younger than him and was probably the second eldest of the group.

"Filthy imps. I foresaw thy treachery centuries ago. I cast it aside as a terrible dream, but now I see 'twas another prophecy given to me by the Creator. Release our sister, or suffer our wrath," she said.

"A prophecy, eh? Camael, the Archangel of Divination. It must be handy, seeing into the future. If only you had acted on your visions, you might have been able to stop me," Satan said.

The final Archangel was a gorgeous woman in a silken red dress. Her hair, white like that of her brothers and sisters, hung loosely over half her face, covering her right eye. Her thin frame and dainty physique gave her an air of naivete, as if she were little more than a twig that would snap in half if too much pressure were applied.

Jason might not have known who she was at first glance, but the only one he hadn't met was Uriel, Archangel of Protection. It had to be her.

Uriel's eyes ignited in red-hot rage. She took a step toward Satan, and all his impressions of fragility vanished as two fireballs ignited in both of her palms. "Disgusting red rat! Let not another word escape thy putrid lips! BURN!"

She flung the fireballs. Samael slid toward Satan, and his Vectors lashed out, deflecting them harmlessly to the sides, where they exploded against the grass.

Satan reached out and smacked Samael's ass. "Hah! Nice one, chum! Those rules are coming in handy!"

"What? Samael... why art thou protecting these imps?!" Uriel stared at him in shock. "What's come over thee?"

Satan snapped his fingers and pointed at Uriel with an '_oh yeah, baby_' expression. "Heh, Samael works for me now, you fat cow. He's seen the light."

Satan quickly glanced around to take stock of his surroundings. Imps cowered and hid next to the bodies of fallen angels everywhere. Their exposed position afforded them little protection. The situation had turned dire. Satan's bravado appeared violently misplaced, given the circumstances.

Agares slithered up beside Satan and whispered in his ear. "Boss. Diablo finished tying up Uzziel. The other demons have returned. A few hundred imps already fled through the portal... but that's all we could save. We didn't have enough time to find more."

In the sky above, hundreds of cherubs joined the others. They circled overhead, watching, waiting for the order to attack.

Movement out of the corner of Satan's eye made him flinch. He turned to see Lucifer, Vepar, and Orias calmly walking toward the portal as if they didn't have a care in the world.

"What is thy plan, little imp?" Raphael asked. He smiled at them warmly, like an old man about to break a paddle over his grandson's ass. "Thou dids't slay many of my brothers and sisters. Their corpses have yet to cool. Dost thee imagine a quick retreat is within thy grasp? At best, thou might make it a mile before thy worst nightmare befalls thee. If we fail to stop thee here, then Michael shall hunt thee to the ends of the Earth and tear ye limb from limb."

Raphael tried to talk Satan down, but the demon smiled back.

_Stupid old man. I knew the angels would find out. I was hoping it would take longer, but nothing's changed,_ Satan thought.

"I want all of your angels to back off, grandpa. If they don't, we'll kill Uzziel," Satan said.

Satan gestured toward the unconscious woman behind him. Diablo propped her up with one arm and held a crude stone knife to her neck with the other. Bael stood beside him, grinning, as if daring the angels to make a move.

"A hostage," Uriel murmured. She balled her hands into fists. "How _cowardly._ Is this the reason for my brother's change of heart? Dids't thee cow him into submission by threatening his precious sister?"

Satan flicked his gaze toward Lucifer. The demoness quietly motioned for several imps to flee through the portal, continuing the plan even as hundreds of cherubs waited for them to slip up. They wanted nothing more than to gut the demons like pigs.

"No," Satan said, turning his attention back to Uriel. "Samael chose to join us freely. He supports our cause. Tell them, son."

Samael's eyes twitched. His mouth opened, and he spoke, but his voice was stressed as he tried to fight the command. "YES. I LOVE THE IMPS. I WANT TO FIGHT ALONGSIDE THE LITTLE RED BASTARDS."

"A convincing performance," Raphael said. "But I suspect foul play. Whatever thou dost seek, obtaining it via these acts of deception is sure to fail—"

_WHOOMPH._

A massive explosion to Satan's left made everyone jerk in fright. A crater exploded in Heaven as Michael pounded into the dirt. Scarcely had he landed before the Archangel pounced toward them, a golden sword aimed at Satan.

"BASTARDS!" Michael roared.

Satan's heart turned to ice. The most powerful Archangel in Heaven had arrived, and he was _pissed_.

"Samael! S-stop him!" Satan yelled an order at the Archangel of Change while recoiling in terror. Panic flooded his mind.

Michael cleared the five-hundred-foot gap in barely a second. His sword moved insanely fast as he cut apart several imps in his path, dicing them into hundreds of pieces before they could react. Samael pounced at his brother and whipped out his Vectors to stop Michael. The two Archangels flew into combat as Michael instantly realized Samael was his enemy. Unlike the other angels, Michael didn't hold back.

From behind Satan, two imps yelped in surprise simultaneously. He turned around just in time to see Diablo and Bael fall into a sinkhole forming underneath them. They screamed in terror, dropped Uzziel, and tried to grab at the sides of the chasm, but the ground swallowed them up and sealed shut a split-second later.

"Hahahaha!! Foolish rats!" Uriel cackled delightedly. She motioned with her hands and used the power of Earth manipulation to spit Uzziel's bound, unconscious body out of the ground and into Raphael's arms. Diablo and Bael followed a moment later, and Camael snatched them out of midair.

"Gotcha!" Camael cried.

Camael flung Satan's companions behind her to the cherubs. "Capture them! Hold them down! I want those two alive!"

Satan gasped. "Deebs! Bael!"

Agares howled. "Satan! We need to flee! Make a run for it!"

"I think not!" Gabriel yelled. He stomped toward them, and a hundred cherubs dived toward them from the skies. "Kill the imps! Don't let even one escape!"

Everything moved so quickly Jason could barely follow the action with his eyes. The Archangel of Power blasted a wave of Holy Energy at Satan, intent on his destruction. Agares's tail coiled around Satan's waist, and he leaped toward Heaven's Gate, along with all the other imps in the area.

Lucifer aimed her third eye at Gabriel. His attack ceased. He stumbled and tripped, then fell flat on his face as he lost his footing. The cherubs from above howled in pain as Valac pounced into the sky and cut through them with his scythe, making their corpses slam into the ground only seconds after dying.

While it rained cherubs around them, all the nearby imps pushed through the portal. Just before Agares and Satan entered it, Jason caught a glimpse of Diablo as he screamed in pain. One of the cherubs stabbed him with a magical blade and poured Holy Energy into his veins.

Then, Heaven vanished. Satan popped through the portal along with Agares, Vepar, Orias, Belial, Lucifer, and all the others as well.

Agares dashed through the hallways, carrying Satan with his tail.

"Deebs! Bael! We have to save them!" Satan yelled.

The reptile set his jaw. "We can't, Boss! We can't..."

For some reason, the angels didn't pursue them through Heaven's Gate. This time, though, Jason didn't think it had anything to do with Titans.
