Part 140: Enter the Dragon (Part 1)
Part 140: Enter the Dragon (Part 1)

Solomon, the Archangels, and I, all appear behind Satan and Belial at the base of Leviathan's mountain, not far from the entrance to his cave. Satan uses four of his Vectors to levitate slightly off the ground, and the other four to suspend Nerissa's crystallized body a few feet in front of him.

The two demons trudge up the mountain across a trail worn down over time by various creatures. They stomp through or shove aside any debris and walk single-file along the narrow pathway. Neither of them says a word as they approach the entrance to Leviathan's cave.

When they arrive, Satan and Belial pause at the maw of the deep, dark grotto. The succubus shivers. "Ugh... do we _have_ to go inside?"

Satan nods. "He's our best hope for bringing your sister back. We have to try."

Belial rubs her arm. "Lover... I don't think... I mean, don't you worry you've become obsessed? Bringing Nerissa back would be nice, but there are other important things in life, too."

"I'm not obsessed."

Satan's words ring hollow. Belial shakes her head. "You say that, but evidence points to the contrary..."

The Devil turns to smile at Belial. He reaches out and squeezes her shoulder. "Tell you what. If... if we go in there... and he can't bring Nerissa back... if nothing comes of today's events, then..."

"Then?"

Belial watches Satan expectantly. Her skeptical gaze makes him look away.

"Then... we'll bury her together. We'll give Nerissa a proper send-off."

Belial's jaw slackens. "Really? Do you mean that?"

Satan hesitates, but only for a moment.

"I... do."

The succubus smiles. She leans forward and gives him a peck on the cheek. "Alright! I know you'll keep your word."

Satan nods. "That's my demon creed, after all."

...

The two lovers enter the cave. Satan creates a fireball in his palm to light the path ahead. Solomon and I follow along behind them, and the angels behind us. 

Raphael clears his throat. "Hrmph. The dragon's energy is quite foreboding. Watching the vision from a distance is quite different from participating in it personally."

I glance back at him. "You didn't see the same things I did during earlier visions?"

Solomon answers, instead of Raphael. "Not quite. The Archangels and I acted as passive observers until now. I didn't think Raphael would enjoy munching bugs as an imp, let alone slaughtering his fellow angels in the body of a demon."

"What?!" I balk. "Do you think _I_ enjoyed eating bugs? You jackass! I can still taste their wriggling feet on my tongue!"

Solomon smirks. "A young man like you should seek out new things to experience. They will expand your horizons."

I roll my eyes. "You just enjoy grossing me out."

"Yes, that was certainly a factor."

Solomon's smile turns smug. We continue following the demons, and Samael speaks in Satan's mind as well as mine.

"Satan. I feel uneasy. The energy radiating ahead of us is... ominous. I sense unbelievable levels of mana emitting from the depths of this chamber. Where are we going? Who is this 'progenitor' thou dost believe possesses answers for thy questions?"

Satan stays quiet for a moment.

"You will see. It's a surprise."

Belial flicks her eyes to Satan. "Hm? What did you say?"

"Nothing. I'm talking to my 'head-friend' again."

"Mmm. That errant soul?"

Satan nods. "Aye. I think he's starting to sweat."

Belial nods. "I am, too. You feel it, don't you? When we last visited, my senses weren't nearly as attuned to mana as they are now. The energy in this cave presses against my chest like a boulder."

I look at Solomon. "If the demons and Archangels can sense Leviathan's mana, why can't I?"

Solomon purses his lips. "Mana is a complex force in the universe, like that of gravity. The more mana you possess, the more sensitive you become to its permutations. You control a decent amount, Jason, but you've yet to attune yourself to its intricacies. Perhaps after the visions, we can work on some exercises to improve your sensitivity."

I crinkle my nose. "My... sensitivity?"

"Don't be vulgar."

"Hey, man. Your words, not mine."

Behind us, for the first time since he began following me around, Gabriel speaks to Raphael. "Brother, am I correct in assuming that, due to thy memory erasures, Samael was unable to deduce he was approaching a dragon?"

Raphael nods. "Aye. Had I ever approached this wretched cave, I would have sensed Leviathan's power instantly. Our brother did not know of the dragon's existence, so he was unable to identify its source."

I turn back to look at Gabriel and Raphael. Once again, Gabriel's head sticks up through the ceiling, preventing me from seeing the expression on his face. His shoulders sag slightly. "Unfortunate. Perhaps 'twas better he didn't know. The last dragon is a frightening specter of evil."

Raphael grits his teeth. "If only thou _fully_ understood the truth of that statement."

Raphael and Solomon, the only beings who possess knowledge of the Primordial Era, wear looks of agitation on their faces. Raphael, especially, sweats bullets the closer we draw to Leviathan's inner chambers.

"Hey, lover," Belial says, speaking out of the blue. "You know, I've been thinking about something a lot recently. And, umm..."

She trails off, unsure how to phrase the issue on her mind.

Satan glances at her. "What's the matter, Belial?"

"Mmm. That. Right there. I hate my name."

Belial shakes her head disapprovingly.

"It's not cute. It's the name Mother gave me, and I think it's gross."

Satan raises an eyebrow. "Seems like a random thing for you to get all worked up over. It's just a name. I think it fits you well."

Belial glowers at him. She puffs her cheeks out in frustration. "No, it doesn't! It's guttural and icky! Besides, despite being together for a while, you never call me by a cute nickname. Why can't you warm up to me a little bit?"

"Huh? A nickname? What the Devil are you on about?"

Belial crosses her arms. "I call you 'lover,' but you still call me Belial. Don't you have a romantic bone in your body? You're supposed to think of something cute and flowery that represents me!"

A look of dumbfoundedness stretches across Satan's face. "Cute? Flowery? But you're stronger than Bael! How... how am I supposed to...?"

Belial's scowl deepens. "Okay, fine. I see how it is."

Her tone shift makes Satan's heart skip a beat. "Ah... alright, alright. Sheesh, woman. I'll, uh, think of something. Eventually. I guess?"

Belial's tail twitches around like a cat's. It jerks to the left and the right erratically, exposing her annoyance. She turns away from him and closes off her body language. "Do what you want."

As Satan stares at her, bewildered, Samael bubbles in his mind. "The ways of females are unpredictable. Do not worry thyself, Satan. She has laid bare her heart in the hopes that thou shalt listen. Dwell on her words, and an answer will form itself."

Satan rolls his eyes. "Helpful."

Belial ignores him talking to himself. She gazes ahead, preoccupied with some thoughts in her mind.

Samael speaks again, his words more measured. "Demonkind is a fascinating species. Once, I thought all of thy people were little more than animals incapable of rationality. When I look at specimens such as this succubus, I realize I was incorrect. Thy people are a complex, thoughtful species not unlike mine."

"Mmm."

Satan doesn't reply to Samael's words. He merely nods and continues walking toward the deepest parts of the cave.

"I do wonder, Satan, if lying to thy mate is the correct course of action. Telling her thou possesseth an Archangel's soul is unlikely to cause the grief ye expect."

Satan squeezes his left hand into a fist. "You know why I can't do that."

"I do. However, Belial is not like the other demons. She will not judge thee in the way they might. She will not think thou art possessed. I believe she would even be willing to converse with my brethren."

Satan swallows saliva to wet his drying throat. "For the sake of peace?"

"Aye. Peace between angels and demons. 'Tis possible. I know thou hath considered it... even if only once or twice. Thou hath muddied the waters once before, but, sincerely, I believe-"

"Won't happen," Satan says, cutting Samael off. "Hell, it _can't_ happen. Too much blood has been spilled, on both sides."

While Satan and Samael quietly argue with each other, Michael shakes his head.

"Tsk. To think my brother had fallen this far. Sympathizing with the demons... Satan's indoctrination worked wonders on his subservient slave."

Gabriel nods. "Aye. The Samael I knew would never praise demons of any sort. His death, one I once thought valiant, has been stained by seeing him in this pitiful state."

I turn to look at the two Archangels. "Samael had a change of heart. He lived among the demons for several years and got to know them better. Why assume the worst? He changed his mind after learning new things. That's what everyone should aspire toward. Right, Solomon?"

Solomon doesn't get to answer. Instead, Raphael takes the initiative. "Thy words are absurd, young hero. To think so highly of demons speaks volumes regarding thy ignorance. Demons are abominations. They devour flesh and all life in their path. Perhaps, had Solomon not focused so much on portraying them in a positive light, ye might understand this."

Solomon pauses the vision, freezing Satan and Belial in place. He whips his head back to scowl at Raphael. "I did no such thing! Do not accuse me of being a demon sympathizer."

Raphael throws his hands in the air. "Pah! Where are the visions of demons ripping apart angels and humans with their teeth and claws? Why dids't ye not show my brothers and sisters screaming out in pain, only for their voices to fall silent when demons tore their heads off?! Coddling this child will only harm him, Solomon! He must see the horrors the demons can inflict! If he continues to think they are peaceful creatures who want little more than to live in peace, he will walk a self-destructive path! He may even doom the rest of humanity to damnation!"

I waggle a finger at Raphael. "I know what horrors demons can unleash. I've heard from Belial and other demons about the ways they-"

"Not good enough!" Raphael yells, cutting me off. "Have ye gazed upon the blood flowing from their maws? The severed heads grasped between their claws? The bodies skewered on pikes and left to rot in the midday sun?! Speak not of words and descriptions, boy! I have witnessed their worst carnage with my own eyes! Compared to the atrocities I've seen-"

"That's enough," Solomon says, cutting Raphael off. "You've made your point. Let's not fight each other. We're all on the same side."

"Are we?" Gabriel asks, his voice barely a murmur. "This hero sides with demonkind over and over again. My brother has the right to question him. Thou knoweth well what happens when a hero abandons morality and sides with the demons. Thou knoweth well..."

Solomon flicks his gaze to me, then back to Gabriel. "Dracula."

Raphael stiffens. "Speak not that name before me."

A chill descends upon the group. I rub my hands together apprehensively.

"Are you serious?" I ask. "Dracula? Like, vampire-guy Dracula? He existed?"

Solomon inhales through his nose, but his breath catches. "He did."

Raphael hisses through his teeth. "Vile, putrid..." 

"He was a blight on the Earth," Gabriel murmurs. His body language remains impassive, but the look in his eyes is that of disgust. "As a soul-manipulating hero, he drank the blood of innocents to increase his power. He took over their minds and turned them against us."

I blink in surprise. Solomon has never mentioned Dracula before. It never even occurred to me he might be real.

"Stupid question alert: What about Frankenstein?"

"Frankenstein was the scientist. He was a character in a fictitious story. His monster, also, did not exist. That being said, the monster _was_ based on Lucifer's... experiments."

I nod.

"Mmm. So, what, do you think I'm going to side with demons simply because I have disagreements with you, Raphael? I don't see what's so wrong about asking questions. You keep evading me when you feel uncomfortable, yet you also expect me to trust you wholeheartedly. In case you've forgotten, I'm the last Hero. I'm Humanity's only chance to overthrow their demon oppressors. Maybe you ought to try being honest about your past, for once, rather than blaming everyone else for your failings."

Solomon sucks air through his teeth.

"Psh. Goodness."

Raphael scowls at me. Any sense of politeness between him and I vanishes.

"As I've said many times, impudent brat, thy words reek of contempt for my people. I am no fan of thy attitude, nor thy lack of sympathy for what happened to them. The demons murdered us, end of story. I keep secrets because far too many cataclysms have rocked the universe. The fact Solomon and I have gone to such great lengths to bury the past should be evidence of that."

"Or, alternate theory," I reply calmly, "You have something to hide. I don't know what, or why, which is why I don't trust you. I barely even know the three of you, now that I think about it. I've spent five years with Solomon, which hardly amounts to a slight portion of his existence, but at least I know a bit about his personality, background, and some other stuff. However, compared to him, I know little to nothing about the rest of you. Michael healed me in my time of need. You and Gabriel gave me some helpful advice. Why can't you look at things from my perspective?"

Raphael squeezes his staff tighter than usual. "I should ask the same of thee. Where is thy empathy for what happened to the angels? Where is thy understanding? Why must thou blameth us for our genocide?"

"Because your actions have consequences, Raphael. You created the imps. You stomped and kicked them around. You treated them like dirt, only to act surprised when they turned on you. You can say whatever you want about historical context and how I'm not putting myself in your shoes, but the way I see things... you're lying to yourself. The rise of demonkind was preventable, and the blame for their turn to violence lies squarely on your shoulders, as the eldest Archangel. You tried to control the dragons, you tried to control the Titans, and you tried to control the Imps. All three of them blew up in your face. If you couldn't figure out the pattern by the third attempt, then maybe you were right when you said you're not as wise as everyone says."

...

Silence follows.

Gabriel stands obstinately with his arms crossed. His head, still stuck through the roof of the cave, gives no hint of his emotions.

Raphael, on the other hand, stares at me stonily. The old man trembles as he clutches his staff. He doesn't blink. After a moment, he averts his eyes. His expression turns emotionless as he hardens his heart.

"Verily, thou speaketh many hurtful words, but I know what I saw. I lived through those dark times. Not a day goes by where I don't wonder what I could have done differently. The past is the past. Compared to the family I lost at the hands of the dragons and the Titans, the demons were little more than the last gasp of my failed rule."

Raphael motions toward Solomon with his free hand.

"Resume the vision. I grow wearier every minute."

Raphael doesn't look me in the eye. I can tell, just by looking at him, that my words affected him deeply.

The old man feigns ignorance, but I see the truth, now. He blames himself. He always has. However, confronting that truth and his ultimate failure as a leader is not something he's ever allowed himself to do... not until I spoke up. 

I want to pity him, but I can't.

Raphael's title might denote him as the Archangel of Wisdom, but all I see is a fool who led those he loved down a path of destruction.

He fomented war and strife. He pressed his boot against the backs of those he deemed his inferiors, and in doing so, called them to action.

I won't make the same mistakes. I have to walk a different path.

Solomon stays quiet for several long, awkward seconds. Eventually, he motions with his hand, and the vision resumes. Satan and Belial continue walking forward, leaving the four of us behind.

I turn and follow after them, not wanting to be in the same space as the Archangels. Solomon follows after me. I glance at the ancient king, my advisor; my friend. His guidance changed me from a stumbling young man, uncertain of his future, into a sure-sighted hawk, capable of wielding my powers to an extent I once thought impossible. Without Solomon, humanity would be stumbling forward blindly, as would I. He ruled over one of the mightiest, most prosperous kingdoms on Ancient Earth. His crown, worn by various kings and queens long after his death, gave him further insight into how to achieve greatness on a local and planetary scale.

We need him.

_I_ need him.

But now... I worry that I may have gone too far.

"Solomon..."

I speak his name, but pause to try and gather my thoughts.

"Don't apologize," Solomon says. "I saw your outburst coming several visions ago. You held it in, valiantly. I am disappointed, but more in myself than you. Your outlook is far different than what I expected. Perhaps I am simply an old man. I've seen many men and women succumb to power far less than what you possess, and never once did they reflect on their thoughts and actions."

Solomon continues. "Once... I held similar thoughts to you. I understand your thoughts, your actions, your questions. You are correct, in that the angels are to blame for the rise of demonkind. It is their fault, and their fault alone, that they died at the hands of their former slaves."

I blink in surprise. A slight sense of awe at Solomon's confession takes me.

"I thought..."

"That I was trying to silence you? Yes, I was. The reason I don't want you asking questions is because I already know the answers. However, I have been narrow-minded. When I challenged my misgivings and sought out the truth, a ten-year inquisition followed. I interviewed people, tortured demons, and scoured the Earth for answers. In the end, my quest for knowledge brought only pain and ruin."

I raise an eyebrow. "How so?"

Solomon purses his lips.

"Jason. The angels indeed are to blame for the rise of demonkind. Were it not for their cruelty toward their lessers, the demons might have turned out very differently. However, that does not change reality. The demons are evil. They are the ultimate force of darkness, one that you must extinguish."

Solomon's voice catches.

"I... I spoke to you once of a violent encounter involving myself and Satan. That battle was born out of my curiosity. I believed I could make peace with the demons. I believed that I and I alone possessed the knowledge and wisdom required to settle our differences and blood-debts. I thought to myself, _if only I could bring peace upon the Earth, I would finally end the bloodshed and suffering forever._ That, Jason, was my undoing."

I nod. "What happened?"

"I successfully brought the demons to my table. We broke bread and spoke amicably. As the day wound down, a sense of relief and giddiness took me. I had done it. I was on the verge of brokering peace between humans and demons."

"Satan had other plans," Solomon whispers. He raises his eyes to glare icy daggers at the Devil's back. "Little did I know, but the Devil had planned an ambush of unimaginable proportions. While the two of us wined and dined each other, along with his generals and my advisors, a legion of shadow-walkers crept inside the gates of Jerusalem. All at once, they cut down fifty of my children, dozens of my wives, my nephews, and nieces. In the blink of an eye, three-quarters of my family perished. I was too drunk to hear their screams."

"As I leaned forward to hand Satan a peace treaty, one he was certain to sign, the coward lunged at me. He attacked me with unexpected ferocity. His generals acted on some unheard signal and launched themselves at those present. I instantly unleashed the full might of my heroic powers when I realized I had been had, but it was too late. By the time my forces gathered to protect me, I had already suffered many deep wounds. It was only in the days that followed, when I touched the bodies of my sons and daughters, that I fully pieced together Satan's dastardly deception."

I stare at Solomon quietly.

I've known the Knowledge-Seeker for five years, but never once has he told me what happened to his family in Jerusalem. Maybe that's why he clings to his nephew, Saul, so desperately. Saul was one of the few who survived. When Solomon looks at him, he remembers those he lost and how their deaths were his fault.

Solomon's voice shakes. "I'm sorry that we... we can't tell you everything, Jason. It's easy to look upon us as liars... deceivers... and to imagine us pulling on your strings like a marionette. I can only say, with little more than my words, that I am trying to save you from the heartache that has haunted me for tens of thousands of years. The angels failed us all, but the demons are still our enemy. You mustn't forget that. Ever."

The ancient King gingerly reaches out and squeezes my shoulder. He wants to cry, but his artifact severs his most humanlike qualities, preventing him from experiencing the rawest grief imaginable.

I touch Solomon's hand. "I won't forget. But... you have to promise to let me walk the path I see fit. Satan is dead, as is Valac. The founders of demonkind are long gone. Perhaps, after a hundred thousand years, things have changed. I don't expect them to accept any of my offers with open arms... but I can't win a war against them, either. I have to be strategic."

"Strategic. Sensible, I suppose..."

Solomon trails off. He continues staring at Satan and Belial's back. As he does, I get a deeper understanding of the hatred he feels for them.

...

Satan reaches back and squeezes Belial's ass. She yelps in surprise and jumps away from him. "Hey! What's the big idea!"

"Just felt like it," Satan says with a grin. "Tell you what, toots. You want a nickname? I thought of a really cute one."

Belial's annoyance vanishes. Her eyes brighten instantly. "Oh! You did?! Eee! Tell me what it is! Don't keep a girl waiting!"

Satan reaches out with a Vector and presses her body against his.

"It's perfect. You're gonna love it."

"Tell me already!"

With a haughty smirk, Satan leans forward and whispers something in her ear.

Belial's expression falls flat. She pushes away from him with a scowl.

"Sugar-tits. Really? That's the best you came up with?"

Satan gawks at her. "I thought it was cute! Come on, girl! You're giving me blue balls here!"

"Yeah, and they'll stay blue for a while longer if you don't get serious. Sheesh."

Belial rolls her eyes.

"Sugar-tits. Bloody hell. It sounds like something Bael would say."

Satan's eyes widen.

"Ohh... so _that's_ why it popped into my head so easily. Knew I'd heard it somewhere."

Belial facepalms. "...You've taken me so far out of a romantic mood that I've forgotten what it even feels like. Better luck tomorrow, lover."

Satan's eyes swivel to face forward as the two of them reach the end of the tunnel.

"Yeah. Better luck tomorrow."