Part 365: Organizational Directives (Part 1)
Part 365: Organizational Directives (Part 1)

_Inside the newly erected operational coordination structure known as Elysium, located just half a mile north of the Lazarus Tower on Tarus II._

More than a dozen of humanity's leaders and allies sit at a long, wide table. Among them are mostly humans, several monsters, and only a couple of demons. Notably, not a single member of the newly added Hidden Emperor Alliance, anyone from the Hell of Lust, or the Hell of Isolation sits among their ranks. In fact, none of the Archangels sit on this council either, though their reasons for not showing up have more to do with their own disinterest in the matter than any explicit exclusion by the humans.

Executive Commander Jason Hiro sits at the head of the table. On his right hand side sits the Development Executive, Phoebe Hiro, followed by the Magical Specialist, Fiona Hiro, the Health and Safety Administrator, Belial, and the newly promoted Duke of Locusts, Kiari, who is also the Agricultural Administrator. On his left sits the minotaur chef and Food Distribution Administrator, Yamir, as well as the Array Specialist, Blinker, temporarily human sized so she doesn't have to sit on anyone's shoulder.

On the opposite side of the table sits the Military Force Commander, Neil Adams. On his right hand side sits the Energy Production Overseer, Hope Hiro, the Exotic Weaponry Administrator, Hans Wagner, and General Magnus Chadwick, in charge of personnel recruitment and assignment. On Neil's left sits the T-REX Administrator, Lieutenant Samuel Baker, as well as the Power Glove Administrator, Corporal Linda Hurent and the Felorian, Brunhilda, who guides humanity's troops in military exercises.

Despite the fact that Hope and Jason possess the same powers, due to certain reasons, Hope finds himself not seated directly opposite Jason, which causes his stomach to clench up in anger. Even so, he must admit that compared to Neil's contributions, especially of late, he is simply not as essential to humanity's future growth as his original self.

Jason taps a button on his end of the table, which pops up a huge wireframe hologram of the entire Fortress of Retribution, as well as the crystal wall and the outskirts surrounding the rapidly improving city.

"Thank you all for coming today." Jason begins. "It's been two weeks since we signed the ceasefire with demonkind. So far, they have not reneged on their promises, even once. In fact, the more time that passes, the more they become integrated with our well-being. This is all due to the efforts of every person here, as well as all of your subordinates."

While Jason talks, Hope snorts coldly in his heart.

_Sure. The demons are our allies, for now. But how can good things last forever?_

Unaware of his clone's thoughts, Jason continues. "I want to extend a special thanks to Neil for his brilliant idea to use Merit Tokens. This currency has essentially caused these once-haughty Demon Emperors to throw themselves at our feet, begging for whatever we can give them. The pricing for various commodities has also drastically tilted the scales in our favor, allowing humanity's expansion to explode upwards."

Several people at the table nod and smile, directing their looks of appreciation to Neil, who continues to sit idly, a shallow smile of his own barely visible.

"It was a simple matter." Neil says, casually waving his hand. "The 'war-time provisions' the Volgrim extended to us gave me the idea to use our own currency. As for the pricing, that was a simple matter, too. For every one subordinate the Seven Hells empower, they will have to empower two of ours. And for every Wordsmith Blessing they redeem, they will need to uplift at least four of our people. These tradeoffs put us in a splendid position of bargaining power."

Neil pauses.

"Although, I do find the current ratios to be only... barely acceptable. I've been thinking we should increase the ratios of Tokens to tilt a little more in our favor. Each time the Emperors uplift one of their own to the rank of Duke, they gain another powerful chess piece they can use against us."

Jason frowns. "That isn't the deal we agreed upon. Right now, we're already outpacing the Seven Hells' growth by a factor of three. For every day that passes where our people get to trade for tokens, we will uplift two to four subordinates for every one of theirs. There's no need to act greedily."

"I don't know about that." Lieutenant Samuel interjects. "Ain't you heard? Some demon from the Hell of Punishment just got uplifted to the rank of Emperor. That's one more of them lurkin' in the shadows who could someday attack us. It's only been two weeks, but already the Seven Hells have added twelve Dukes and one Emperor to their numbers. Doesn't that worry you, just a little bit?"

"We don't have to adjust the token costs." Hope says. "We could simply... tweak the ratio of power the Belial Booster gives out. If we lower the ratio by ten percent, it will effectively cost the Seven Hells one subordinate per ten uses. And for our people, we can raise the ratio back to normal. They'll never notice."

Belial shoots a look of disgust at Neil, Hope, and Samuel. "You three! The Seven Hells are our allies now! And even if you don't trust a few of those Hells, the Hells of Lust and Isolation are most assuredly on our side. What sort of sincerity would we be showing them if we acted so underhandedly behind their backs? Do you really think these old monsters can't figure out they're being slowly ripped off? The damage such an arrangement would do to our reputation is incalculable!"

Neil doesn't take offense to Belial's words. He calmly strums his fingers on the table while gazing at her with placid eyes.

"Of course I know the Demon Emperors aren't stupid." Neil says. "But right now, while the alliance is still young, this is the perfect time to change and tweak a few minor matters. If we wait a few months, or a year, these token ratios will solidify in the minds of everyone and become far more difficult to change without causing a public uproar. As for adjusting the power ratio of the Belial Booster, I think we can lower it by one or two percent, a little at a time, over the course of several weeks. The effect will be the same, and much less noticeable. As long as it benefits humanity, and the Emperors are unlikely to learn of it, I don't see why that would be a bad idea."

He pauses to gaze at Belial meaningfully. "That is... unless _someone_ were to inform her compatriots of this matter. But surely, your loyalties would not be so questionable as-"

"Neil. Knock it off." Jason interrupts, a hint of anger in his voice. "Stop with the mind-games. We're not tweaking token costs, and we're not going to fuck over the Emperors willy-nilly. Period. Your line of thinking is exactly why trust has always broken down between the demons and other species. Right now, we occupy a position of absolute political power. But if we abuse that power, we'll only engender hatred and disgust. I refuse to act so vilely, on the basis that it will poison the well in the long-term."

Neil raises his eyebrows. He leans back in his seat and holds up his palms. "Of course. Of course... anything the Executive Commander says, I obey. I am merely a servant of humanity, in the end."

Jason doesn't retort, but inwardly, he sighs.

_We are not as unified as we appear on the surface._

Deciding to change the subject, Jason points to several positions on the holomap.

"Phoebe. Tell us how the construction efforts are going."

His wife nods. As the Development Executive in charge of housing and infrastructure, her purview is both broad and narrow at the same time. While she personally oversees humanity's expansion efforts, zoning, and building regulations, she also works on other top-secret projects in her free time, all of which she determines on her own. She doesn't consult with anyone, not even Jason, on what to develop next. For his part, the Wordsmith is perfectly fine with allowing his wife to manage this aspect of humanity.

"Rebuilding is proceeding faster than expected." Phoebe says. "Already, we've completed housing for thirty percent of the populace. The rest are currently living in tents, but thanks to the rapid improvements made by our engineers, we've managed to drastically speed up our construction speeds."

Hope snorts. "Yeah. _About that._ I've been speaking to people on the ground. There are a lot of folks dissatisfied with those who are getting access to the first available houses. Jason, Phoebe, why aren't we prioritizing the humans who fought during Stormbringer? All those people fought and bled for our cause, yet it seems you've chosen to equally divide the available housing among the refugees you teleported to Tarus II, our new demon 'friends' and others who actually helped attack Tarus II! Why are you giving priority housing access to our former enemies, the ones with blood on their hands? Or the people who only just recently got rescued by us? They didn't suffer like the rest of our people did!"

Brunhilda, a Felorian who helped fight back demons at the northern side of the Warpgate Outpost during the Stormbringer War, nods along to Hope's words. "I must acknowledge the Energy Overseer's comments. So far, not one Felorian has received access to housing. Every day, we work hard to help construct places for our people to live, yet we feel slighted due to this arrangement. It seems the Hell of Lust has already received access to a pair of premium apartment complexes outside the Crystal Barrier, yet my soldiers still sleep in tents. Executive Commander, how is this fair to those of us who bravely fought and bled on the frontlines?"

Jason sighs. "In due time, every person will receive housing. I haven't intentionally slighted anyone, so I'm sorry if you haven't received your first dormitory yet. For now though, I'm trying to arrange things so all the groups get access at the same time. If I were to prioritize Stormbringer Survivors first, that would send a bad message to our newest allies, don't you think?"

"They have to work to earn their keep!" Brunhilda protests. "Why should my people toil and slave away, yet not get even a single measly room? Have you forgotten that more than 20,000 Felorians died during the Stormbringer Attack?!"

"I'll... I'll try to balance the scales more fairly in the future." Jason mutters, while rubbing his forehead. "We should only need a couple of months to finish building housing for everyone on Tarus II."

"Ah, I see." Neil says, feeling slightly delighted at getting the chance to rib Jason's weakness. "So the Felorians need only sleep in the tents for two months while slaving away on behalf of the newest members of our so-called 'alliance.' Yes, that certainly seems fair. Such wisdom from the Wordsmith, how can I compare?"

"At least Jason and Phoebe get to sleep in a nice, cushy room every night." Hope adds. "It's good to see that you know how to take care of yourselves."

Fiona, in her ghost-like form, smacks her lips. "You must be _so_ concerned for the welfare of others, Hope. Have you given up that mansion on Maiura yet? Let's not be hypocritical. The fact is, not everyone can be given housing instantly. It won't take long for us to get that housing, and the weather will be quite fine for a few months. By the time winter arrives, all our allies will be living decently, while we will also be upgrading even more housing to give everyone a life of luxury."

She pauses.

"How about this? We can open up all new housing to anyone willing to pay Merit Tokens. People can offer bids based on the quality of said housing. We'll offer discounts for veterans of the Stormbringer War, and nobody will be allowed to bid if they already own a house or a room of their own. The goal is to get all our people housed first, and then we can worry about giving out seconds to those who need it, such as large families. We'll also open up a Housing Swap option, so people dissatisfied with their living arrangements can trade with others for something better."

The room goes quiet for a moment.

"That sounds acceptable to me." Corporal Hurent says. As the T-REX Administrator, she speaks to countless people and monsters every day, getting a clear view of the overall situation. "Neil already gave a starting bonus of 100 Merit Tokens to the survivors of Stormbringer. That will give them a huge leg up in obtaining housing first. This can be said to be a 'soft' policy that only somewhat favors Stormbringer's survivors a bit, but it seems fair to me."

Brunhilda slowly nods. "I possess 373 Merit Tokens, myself. I am planning to visit a Body Booster soon. As for my subordinates, most of them have already passed 200. If housing becomes purchasable through these tokens, then they will have a decisive advantage over the slaves and other newcomers who have less 'teeth' in our situation. That is all I ask as a concession."

Seeing that Jason has managed to successfully block his needling, Neil Adams doesn't press the issue of housing anymore. 

"What about the Lazarus Tower?" Neil asks. "Are you going to activate it, soon?"

"Not yet." Jason answers. "The souls inside are perfectly preserved. They won't deteriorate or suffer. Right now, I want to spend the next few months building enough houses to satisfy everyone on Tarus II. After that, once we've built even more, we can begin reviving people."

"On that note." Fiona says, lightly waving her hand. "I spent a lot of time talking to Raphael about how we should go about reviving our fallen friends. Unfortunately, the cost is quite burdensome. If we were to resurrect them as Lazarites, angels similar to Cassiel, they would certainly possess incredible fighting power and all-but-undying bodies, to say nothing of their spiritual abilities and wings for flying. However, we would need a vast amount of 'Human Mana,' which we currently spend on the Bodily Rejuvenation Depots. I have made an executive decision that all reborn humans will reform inside their original earthly vessels. They will revive as humans, not Lazarites."

Jason nods. "I approved this measure. Reviving them as ordinary humans will cut down on our Human Mana expenditure. Right now, the 'Cube' is beginning to run low. I need to save a portion of its Primordial Energy for emergencies. We never know when the Volgrim or Kolvaxians will attack. Supposedly, the Volgrim are our allies, but we cannot be sure this will remain the case forever."

Unspoken is the fact that while a 'drop' of Primordial Energy possesses more value than 'ten gallons' of Human Mana, Jason has no choice but to continue using up the Cube's limited reserves if he wants to rapidly advance humanity's strength.

The Wordsmith quietly sighs. _I need to find a way to replenish the Cube's mana reserves. Perhaps, if I could obtain Excalibur, I might be able to use it as a battery, rapidly refilling the Cube... but I'm not sure if that would work, and I don't know how I can obtain it from the Volgrim without starting a bloody war, anyway._

"It's better to have them revive as humans, anyway." Neil says, surprising Jason by agreeing with him. "Our goal should be to reach for the stars with our own strength, not by borrowing the power of long-dead old fossils. The angels had their time, but ultimately, they all perished. Cassiel is the last living angel, but even she is only a half-blood. Let her retain her special status, and let our people come back as fully and 100% themselves. That is for the best."

After Neil finishes speaking, most of the people in the room nod along to his words.

"I agree." Brunhilda says. "We are humans. We should not strive to change our bodies to pursue the powers of other species. The Body Boosters are the limit of what any of us should accept, and those amount to only a strengthening of our natural physiques."

"Let demons and monsters and angels be themselves. Let humans be humans." General Chadwick adds.

For a brief moment, Jason feels oddly uncomfortable with the acknowledgement of everyone around him. Especially when he notices a strange look in the eyes of Belial, Kiari, Yamir, and Blinker. These demons and monsters visibly shift in their seats, feeling somewhat sidelined by the words of their 'allies.'

"Let's not get carried away." Jason retorts. "If I had unlimited mana, I would absolutely turn all the people inside the Lazarus Tower into Lazarites. Who would willingly turn down a superior undying body? Regardless, it's not possible, so we'll move on. Corporal Hurent! Give me good news. Are the Power Gloves ready for distribution?"

The reminder of a hot new weapon agitates everyone in the room. Corporal Hurent glances across the table toward Hans Wagner, the Exotic Weaponry Administrator. 

"I've worked with Mister Hans for the past few weeks, and we've made great strides." The Corporal says, smiling broadly. "Our plan to use the Belial Boosters and Body Boosters to conduct deep scans of all the demons and other people has given us excellent data to work with. Hans?"

She hands the floor over to the German scientist, who sits up a little straighter in response.

"Yes! Zees has been quite a fruitful endeavor!" Hans says. "I have already downloaded more zan two hundred demon powers into zee Centurion database. While we cannot separate zee powers from zee acquired DNA, we can certainly copy zem wholesale. If we wish to unleash an army of Samanthas unto zee world, we shall do so with ease!"

Having long since been informed of the true purpose of the Belial Boosters and Body Boosters, Belial doesn't appear concerned about people duplicating her powers.

"That's all well and good," Belial says, "but don't forget that humans are magically inferior to other species. Even if you strengthen your bodies, your magical capabilities will not allow you to unleash even one percent of any random Emperor's powers. As for vague abilities like my transformation powers, the Power Gloves will expose your identity, so it's useless."

"Even if we can only mimic a fraction of a demon's power," Neil responds, "we can make up for most of the difference through sheer numbers. We can also experiment with their abilities to learn how they work, thus giving us an advantage if they ever turn on us."

"We still have a big problem on our hands." Belial interjects. "I hope nobody has forgotten about the Changelings. We don't have any way to identify them. Before we worry about infiltrating the Volgrim with our inferior abilities, we should worry about them infiltrating us. They already have hundreds of thousands of years worth of practice. They are far beyond us in this capability."

She pauses to glance at each individual person sitting at the table.

"Any of you, including me, could be a Changeling. Never forget that. They might be capable of mimicking my Emperor aura. They can grow horns. They can change their voices, grow their hair, and do anything else of that sort. They could knock out Corporal Hurent while she's on duty and swap her with a body double. Never underestimate them. We need a counter strategy, and soon."

"I'm working on that!" Blinker chirps. "My Magical Arrays can be quite useful for this sort of thing! The fact the Changelings can't mimic magical abilities means they have at least one major deficiency they don't excel in. Oh, and that reminds me! I've decided I'm not going to go back to Miss Becker's laboratory to have my children. I'll have them here, on Tarus II! And since I'll be here, I called up some friends of mine to come help me with arrays!"

"You called up some friends?" Phoebe repeats. "What do you mean, Blinker? Other fairies?"

"Mhm!" Blinker says. "I have a whoooole big extended family. We fairies don't reproduce all that much, but we live forever and we're hard to kill, so there's more of them scattered about the Seven Hells than you would expect. Anyway, two of my sisters are coming, along with a bunch of their friends. We'll work together to develop useful arrays."

Blinker glances at Jason.

"Which also reminds me! I finished that, ahem, _top secret_ thing you wanted."

The Wordsmith smiles. "Thanks, Blinker. I'll put it to good use."

Their cryptic conversation causes Hope and Neil to both frown.

_What 'top secret thing'?_ Hope wonders. _Is Jason up to his usual shenanigans?_

Seeing as a temporary lull occurs in the meeting, Hope speaks up.

"I have something else to say. I keep checking with the Hidden Emperors, and it's become clear to me that they are all incapable of hunting down Mephisto and Yama. As such, I am going to head into the Labyrinth to find and kill these menaces. If possible, I also intend to rescue Kar's body and soul, then bring him back. It seems that, while we were rebuilding Tarus II, Mephisto sneaked into Hell Harbor and rescued all of his necromancer minions... we absolutely cannot allow him to exist in peace."

"Hope is right." Neil says, quickly voicing his opinion. "The Necromancer King may not be able to automatically collect human souls anymore, but he can still strike from the shadows and kill people in secret. He has become an Emperor now, too, so he's sure to target other Emperors, if not their Dukes. We can't let him start building an undead army without restraint."

Jason frowns. The coordination between Hope and Neil clearly shows they planned this move out, but he can't figure out why they would need to act so aggressively.

"...You want to go into the Labyrinth?" Jason asks. "Alone?"

"That's right," Hope says, puffing out his chest. "Alone. And I'm not looking for permission. I'm just being courteous and telling you where I'll be going. It's not like I've had much to do on Tarus II."

"You've been a great help in the construction efforts. I've had a lot more free time to focus on building specialized facilities while you expanded our energy production capabilities." Jason points out. "And what about... you know... _Gressil?_ If you go into the Labyrinth, he might capture you. I don't want to see that happen."

"I'm taking every precaution this time." Hope says, coolly. "Rest assured. If Gressil comes for me, I'll evade him with ease."

Jason chews his lip. "Well. Alright. If you say so... but why don't you take Arthur with you? I explicitly designed him to counter Gressil."

"There's no need for that." Hope says. He starts to say something else, but pauses for a moment.

After a few seconds of silence, Hope knits his brow, then nods.

"...Actually, yeah. You might have a point, Jason. I'll take Arthur along. Better to be safe than sorry."

Jason relaxes, ever so slightly. "Alright. Stay safe while you're in there. When do you plan to leave?"

His clone smiles, then stands up.

"Right now. Take care, everyone. I'll return soon enough."

Slightly stunned, Jason simply watches as Hope turns and walks out of the room, a feeling of unease in his stomach.

_Why do I feel like Hope has some ulterior motive?_ Jason wonders.

As for Hope, he leaves the building and strolls outside into the bright, summer sunshine. The Wordsmith inhales deeply, feeling excited for what is soon to come.

_Neil and I have worked everything out._ Hope thinks. _Forget Mephisto and Yama. They're not important. I need to meet up with Solomon, Arthur, and Jepthath. Then, I can use them to uncover the location where the Volgrim have hidden Excalibur and the Dominion Rod. If my luck is excellent, I can also try to snag Solomon's Crown._

Hope pauses to survey the world of Tarus II.

_This planet should be mine. Jason isn't worthy of ruling over it. While I'm gone, he can develop it for me. I'll come back in a few months and take him down. Then, humanity can truly ascend under my leadership. No more demons, angels, or monsters... except for the ones who fully submit._

_Humanity will rise to conquer the galaxy!_