Part 139: Crouching Artisan; Hidden Voyeur
Part 139: Crouching Artisan; Hidden Voyeur

After the messy confrontation with his fellow Emperors, Satan slips away to his private chambers. Solomon and I follow after him, and the Archangels come along for the ride as well.

"It seems Satan's having some issues," I say, as I try and make small talk.

"Indeed. The snake's greed returned to bite him in the heel," Solomon replies. "In the beginning, Satan wanted power at any cost. Only after losing two thousand years with his lover did the Devil realize such ways were self-destructive. In the end, one must reap what they've sown."

I shoot a glance at Solomon. His face betrays no emotion, but a question appears in my mind.

_Wise words, or empty platitudes?_

Solomon is the Knowledge-Seeker. However, that doesn't mean he's right about everything. What he sees as a greedy power-play by Satan could also be interpreted as his way of protecting his ass. After all, in the beginning, Satan possessed no special abilities, unlike Lucifer and the others. He was vulnerable to the machinations of his fellow demons. 

Tricking the others might not have been the polite way to go about securing his safety, but he didn't use his power to hurt them, either. He only prevented them from spreading his guts all over the floor. Later, he found out about the side-effects of his Blood Contracts, and sought to have other demons sign his scrolls. But, despite that choice, he didn't murder them and take their abilities. If anything, I'd say Satan's use of his Blood Contracts was... resourceful? He turned dead demons into power for himself. He recycled their souls into magical abilities for himself. After all, if a demon died, their power would be lost forever, but inside of Satan, they would still be able to fight for their people. I'm sure there were many human generals who'd have offered their lives for the good of humanity if they could accomplish something similar.

Honestly, when I put Satan's actions in practical terms, it's hard to find fault with him. He may have been self-serving, but compared to what the angels did to the demons, he's a friggin' saint.

...

Satan enters his chamber. We follow behind him, and the first thing I notice is the lavish bed placed against the opposite wall. Tiger and bearskins line the floor and provide cover for the cozy-looking leather mattress. Their soft fur appears comfortable and inviting. A few candles in each of the corners light up the room, but what catches my attention next startles me.

Dozens of little wooden animals, carved with love and care, sit on pedestals, in holes cut into the walls, and atop the bed's headboard. The nearest one, a roaring tiger pawing at the sky, features etchings for the tiger's stripes, and each of his tiny little individual claws stands apart from the others. Even without any paint adding color to the five-inch animal, I can make out intricate details that would cause a seasoned artisan to blush.

My eyes flick to the bed. Belial, wearing as little as ever, sprawls out on the covers. Her knife-fingers rapidly whittle and cut apart a chunk of wood in her hand as she molds it into the shape of an eagle.

Satan barely acknowledges her presence. He sighs as he enters the room, walks over, and plunks his butt on the corner of the bed. "Haah..."

Belial pauses to stare at him. She smiles cheerfully, but a hint of worry creeps into her voice. "Welcome back, lover! How was your day?"

Satan shrugs. "The same as ever. Hey, I thought I told you not to trim your sticks on the bed. You're getting wood chips everywhere."

"...Yeah. Sorry. I was just so busy daydreaming about what it would be like to fly. I forgot what I was doing!"

Belial's voice perks up, but her tone sounds forced.

I watch Belial's luminous red eyes. She stares at Satan's back, only to follow his gaze behind me, to the corner at the right of the entrance. I mimic her and flinch in surprise as I spot a massive crystal resting against the wall. The transparent gemstone, with its appearance of a gigantic diamond, holds a curious sight. 

Nerissa's body.

The succubus, still deceased, rests inside the crystal. Despite how she skewered herself with an icicle, her figure appears to be in perfect condition — Belial's handiwork, most likely. Based on the faded color of her skin, she's as lifeless as the last time I saw her.

Satan stares at Nerissa's pale, nude body for several long seconds.

"I..."

Belial perks up. "Hmm?"

Satan shakes his head. "Never mind."

An awkward silence follows.

Belial watches the back of Satan's head, then nods, almost as if she's made up her mind about something. She drops her carving on the bed, reverts her knife-fingers to normal, and slinks up behind Satan. The succubus wraps her arms around him and nibbles on his ear. "Heyyy, what's wrong, love? Did something happen?"

Satan exhales. "Well... yes and no. Some drama involving Lucifer. She won't get off my back again."

"Uh-huh. What else?"

Belial pokes Satan further. As she kneads his shoulders, Satan's hardened heart weakens.

"...I finished the last Blood Contract today."

"Ooh!" Belial's eyes sparkle with delight. "That's wonderful news!"

Satan licks his lips. "Right. I finally cleared the last Soul Contract. But... I... I didn't find another demon like Valac. Nobody else possessed similar abilities to him."

Belial's fingers slow to a crawl. "You mean... another Reanimator-type?"

"Mmm."

Belial sags against Satan's body. She rests her chin on his shoulder and stares ahead at her sister's body. A look of defeat passes over her face. "I told you it was pointless. You have to let go of the past, Satan. Nerissa died. She can't come back."

Satan's lip trembles. "But..."

"I know you loved her," Belial whispers. "I did, too. I still do. It doesn't matter. The past is the past. My sister would want you to move on. She'd want you to be happy."

Satan lowers his gaze to the floor. "But... without her..."

With an exasperated sigh, Belial pulls away from Satan and flops back on the bed. "...Satan, I don't know what to say. I'm trying my best, you know. I'm trying to carry out my sister's wishes... but you're making things hard on me."

Satan turns his head to stare at the succubus. "What do you want from me, Belial? Do you want me to give up on Nerissa? Would you prefer for me to stop looking for a way to save her? If Valac can bring back the dead, then that means it must be possible for someone else to do it, too. I can't give up until I've exhausted every possibility."

Belial purses her lips. "You checked the powers of everyone who signed your Blood Contracts. Even if you intend to continue searching for a reanimator.. you could look for centuries and still not find one as talented as Valac. What then? Will you continue chasing after a dream forever? Will you forsake the rest of us?"

Satan averts his gaze. He twiddles his thumbs for a moment before replying. "It's just... I screwed up everything, you know? Because of me, Valac enslaved and tortured Nerissa. She suffered because I wasn't there to protect her. Not only that, but I screwed things up when I returned. I killed Valac and upset the balance of power. Even if I don't regret killing him on principle, my actions screwed up the world again. My contracts nearly got everyone killed."

Satan hesitates for a moment.

"Everything I touch falls apart. I'm a failure as a demon... and as a leader, too. If I can bring Nerissa back... if I can fix one thing without ruining something else..."

Satan falls silent. 

Belial mirrors him. 

The succubus flops back on her pillow and stares up at the ceiling.

A minute passes. Two. Three.

"You're not a failure, Satan," Belial says. "Nerissa was nearly as powerful as Lucifer. She knew how to handle herself. You shouldn't place the onus on yourself, as if it were your job to protect her. Raphael tortured you in the Cosmic Realm. Should Nerissa have blamed herself for not saving you?"

Satan shifts his sitting position slightly. "Of course not. I was the pants in the relationship. It was _my_ job to protect her."

Belial appears unconvinced. "I thought you said you didn't even know how Valac died? How could you have protected Nerissa if you weren't a match for the Grim Reaper? Bael did most of the heavy lifting during your battle, assuming you were telling the truth."

Sweat slides down Satan's neck. "Ah... yeah. I suppose you're right."

He swallows audibly. "Dwelling on my actions won't change anything. What matters is the future. I can't afford to lose focus."

The Devil's expression turns grim, but Belial licks her lips playfully.

While Satan broods in silence, Belial slowly stretches her arm across the bed and begins climbing his back with her fingers. "You've had a long day, love. Come to bed. Now that you've scrubbed all those pesky contracts, I think it's time for a celebration. Don't you?"

Satan flicks his gaze toward Belial. "Hm?"

The succubus nestles against the bed and presses her body against the tigerskin covers seductively. "Come on. I'm ready and waiting."

"I don't know what you see in me," Satan says with a sigh.

"A moderately attractive demon, one my sister loved deeply. If Nerissa cared about you as much as she said, then I'd like to pick up where she left off. Isn't that good enough?"

Satan raises an eyebrow. "What, so you only like me out of duty? Am I just an obligation for you?"

Belial wriggles uncomfortably. "Ohhh, you always do this to me! Stop asking questions, you turd. Get over here and treat me like a woman already. I'm a succubus. I need relief!"

For the first time since he arrived, Satan smiles. "Well, if it's like that... I wouldn't want to shirk my duty, either. If you need a good plowing..."

"Good grief," Belial replies, rolling her eyes. "You really know how to charm a lady."

"Sorry, sorry," Satan says, as his smile expands into a grin. He slides across the bed with his Vectors and plops beside Belial. "I'll stop moping around."

Satan leans forward to kiss Belial, but as he wraps his arms around her and pulls her close, she pulls away for a moment. 

"Wait. Tell me you love me."

"Pardon?"

"You heard me. Do it."

Satan's expression turns to one of confusion. "I, err, why? I mean... you and I... we're only..."

"We sleep together every night," Belial says. "Do you want me around or not?"

"You're sending mixed signals," Satan says. "Weren't we just about to...?"

"We _are_ still, but I want an answer first," Belial says. Her face turns stern. Despite Satan's arms pressing her soft, voluptuous body against his, she keeps her head several inches away so she can gaze into his eyes. "What am I to you?"

The Devil doesn't pull away. His eyes meet hers. They stare at each other in a way that makes me feel uncomfortable watching them as an outside observer. This moment is supposed to be private, something I shouldn't see. Nevertheless, I can't look away.

Satan's voice catches. "I... well... if something were to happen to you... I'd feel the same way I did when I lost Nerissa."

"So, you feel the same way about me as you did her?"

"No. Our relationship is... it's different. You've been there for me, despite everything that's happened. You and Nerissa couldn't be more different... but... at the same time..."

Belial bats her eyes. 

"Alright. You don't have to say anything else. I know I'm acting difficult. Now that you've finished your work on the contracts... I wanted to gauge where our relationship was."

Belial leans her head forward and nestles it under Satan's chin.

"What if you... you do bring my sister back? Will you... leave me... for her?"

Satan chuckles wryly.

"Heh."

The Devil shakes his head.

"Not a chance. There's room in my heart for both of you. I'll never abandon anyone ever again. Not you, not Nerissa... nobody."

Like a dam bursting under pressure, Belial pulls her head back and beams sunshine at Satan. "Oh, gosh! You're making me blush!! Put out the lights already, you big dope."

Satan snorts. "I'm on it."

The Devil snaps his fingers, and the candles in the corners extinguish. The room turns pitch-black, and both of them begin to giggle like children. The serious mood melts away far faster than I expected, and within a minute or two, the sounds of grunting and moaning begin to fill the room.

I look away and nudge Solomon. "Alright. I think I've, err, seen enough."

Solomon turns and stares me right in the eye. 

"No. Wait for it."

"Uhh... wait for... wait for what? I'm pretty sure I don't need to see what comes next."

Solomon nods. "Yes. You do."

He returns to gazing at the bed in the darkness. Belial's moans increase in intensity. "Oh, devils! Yes! I love your Vectors! Put one in my- ahhnn!"

Nervously, I flick my gaze between the bed and Solomon's glowing figure. As the two demons build to a crescendo, a jarring realization hits me like a bullet through the brain.

_Solomon is a fucking voyeur._

Son of a bitch. All his past actions make sense now. He used to watch Phoebe and me from his Crown until I stuffed him in the magical drawer beside our bed. Thanks to the Crown's infinite storage capacity, Solomon can rewatch the hottest hits from anyone's memories over and over.

Not to mention even when I stuffed the Crown in a sealed dresser drawer, Solomon continued to download my private memories when I put the crown on the next day.

_Solomon, you sick son of a-_

"I'm not a voyeur," Solomon says, as he reads my thoughts. "Stop letting your imagination run wild. You're starting to creep me out."

"Me, creep YOU out?! We're literally watching two demons-"

"I'm not here to enjoy the show," Solomon says, cutting me off. "I'm here so we can observe a turning point in Satan's life. Ah, speaking of the devil. _She's here._"

As Satan goes in for a particularly deep thrust, a female voice, one not belonging to Belial, speaks in the darkness. 

"_Am I interrupting anything?_"

Satan and Belial stop mid-thrust and yelp in surprise. 

"What the- who's peeping?! This room is private, you filthy-"

The Devil snaps his fingers to ignite the candles in the room, revealing himself and Belial buck-naked, both of them drenched in sweat and... _other fluids._ 

At the foot of their bed, a familiar demoness, dressed all in black, stands quietly and stares at them. Her onyx-colored eyes gaze at the two lovers from beneath her hood. She rests her arms on her hips and stares at Satan and Belial with a judgmental attitude.

"I'm _sooo_ sorry to interrupt," Berith says, sarcasm hissing through her teeth. "Something urgent came up. I need to speak to you."

Belial blushes. "If you wanted to join us, you could have just asked. I'm fine with threesomes."

Berith's expression flattens. "...I'd sooner cast myself into a roaring volcano."

Satan's jaw drops as he glares at the shadow-walker. "Cripes, Berith! You could have waited until the morning!"

Berith cocks her head. "Hm. Probably. Oh, well. I'm here now, so let's get right to the point. I wish to speak to you about becoming the First Emperor."

"Huh?" Satan blinks in surprise. "I'm not even interested. You can have the title if you want it."

Berith hisses. "I wasn't offering _you_ the position, you damned dolt. I want it myself. I came here to ask for your support. I can muster the backing of many of Valac's former demons, but Lucifer's minions don't respect me. However, a noteworthy portion of her followers admires you. If I were to receive your endorsement, I would have the backing needed to take control of demonkind."

Belial crosses her arms over her exposed breasts. "Sheesh. You could try asking a little nicer."

Berith snarls at her. "Quiet, succubus whore. The grown-ups are talking."

"Whoa! Whoa!" Satan pounces out of bed, aided by his Vectors. He lands on the floor and raises to his full height, two inches shorter than the Emperor of Backstabbing. "Don't you _dare_ speak to my girl like that! First, you barged in on us, then you insulted us, and now you expect me to do you a solid? I'm not one to smack a bitch, but you're pushing your luck."

Berith's upper lip curls in disgust. "You worry too much about pretty words. That's what I hate about the people on Lucifer's side. You're all soft and weak, not like Valac."

Satan's temper starts to flare, but Berith holds up a finger.

"I didn't come here to ask without giving something of equal value in return. I need your endorsement to become First Emperor. Tell me what you want, and I will find some way to give you whatever you need. An equal trade."

Satan stares at Berith for several seconds. Then, he lowers his Vectors and begins to chuckle.

"Hehe... you... you want to... to _give me_ something? Hehehe... that's funny. You're funny. I never took you for a jokester."

Berith doesn't smile. "I'm dead serious."

Satan snorts. He gestures toward Nerissa's crystal in the corner. "Fine. Fine. If you want my support, then help me bring Nerissa back. If you can do that, I'll vouch for you. If you can't, then piss off. I ain't giving you anything but a knuckle sandwich, otherwise."

Belial punches her palm. "Yeah! What he said!"

Berith lowers her pitch-black eyes. She stares at Satan contemplatively as she searches her mind for an answer.

"Mmm. I worked alongside Valac on many occasions. I know many of the intricacies of his powers. One thing is for certain; the only way to bring someone back from the dead is if you were to somehow come into possession of their soul. Valac's lantern served as his receptacle for souls. If, during Nerissa's death, you somehow happened to obtain her soul before it entered the Great Beyond..."

Berith trails off. She stares at Satan, as if waiting for an answer.

Satan returns her gaze. "Huh? So, are you saying I can't bring my girl back unless I have her soul? There's no other way?"

Berith shakes her head. "Valac was quite clear about that. He would often take the souls of those he disliked and place them in the bodies of their enemies. A peculiar past-time, but one of the few hobbies from which he drew pleasure. As long as you have a person's soul, you might be able to bring them back. Since you have Nerissa's body, you already have half of the components needed to return her to the realm of the living."

Berith splays her fingers out and makes a sweeping gesture with her hands. "However, based on your expression, I assume you've nothing left of her soul."

Satan shakes his head slowly. "No... I don't. Son of a... are you kidding? That's it? She's gone? For good?!"

Berith shrugs. "Most likely. In any case, since I cannot help you bring the ice queen back, perhaps there is something else I could do to obtain your support?"

Despite how effortlessly the shadow-walker switches topics back to herself and what she wants, Satan's eyes glaze over. He falls back onto the bed and stares at Nerissa's crystal numbly.

"Gone... for good..."

Belial stares at Satan's back.

"Lover..."

Satan's shoulders sag as thoughts run through his head. When Samael speaks inside the Devil's mind, I hear the Archangel's voice, projected via Solomon's Crown.

_Satan. I'm sure thou knoweth this already, but it bears mentioning. Ye signed a Blood Contract with the ice succubus. I have seen its form in thy mind. However, when she died, her soul did not appear in thy grasp like the others who signed. I know not why this is the case, but some treachery was surely at work._

Satan nods, but he doesn't reply. Speaking to Samael in front of others must still be a no-no for him.

Samael continues. "However... perhaps, given how thou tooketh the souls of Titans after crushing their heads, such a brutal action might bear results. Shoulds't ye remove the crystal protecting her body, ye might be able to crush Nerissa's head and obtain her soul. I believe it is a course of action worth attempting."

Satan slides his hand up his chest and presses it against his heart. His eyes waver slightly.

"Yeah... that... that might work..."

Berith hisses at Satan. "Kss. What are you babbling about now? Are you going to answer my question, or am I wasting my time, here? Surely, there must be something I can do to-"

Suddenly, Satan jumps to his feet. His sudden movement surprises Berith and makes her pause.

"Quiet," Satan mutters. "Belial. I've... I've just thought of something. I can take the souls of anyone's head I crush. I'm going to... to try it on Nerissa."

His words, slow and measured, make Belial blink in surprise. "You're going to... TO _WHAT_?!"

"You heard me. I'm going to crush your sister's head. Once I have her soul, I can revive her."

Belial balks.

"No way! Satan, that's awful! What are you thinking?!"

Satan wets his lips. He flicks his gaze toward Berith for a moment, then turns to face Belial. "I would never consider it under any other circumstance. However, if Berith is right, then once we have her soul, we can-"

"We can't do anything!" Belial yells. She jumps to her feet and stands in the middle of the bed. "Have you forgotten?? We don't have a way to revive my sister, even if you do obtain her soul! No, more importantly, if you take such an extreme measure, I can't heal her body afterward! My powers won't allow me to regenerate brain damage!"

Satan's jaw slackens. "They won't?"

"I've told you this before! Sweet mercy, I can't believe you'd even consider doing something so horrible to my sister! I'd rather bury and leave her to rest in peace than defile her in such a manner."

Satan's excitement disappears. "Oh. So... so it's like that, then."

The Devil sighs long and hard. His breath comes out in a drawn-out gasp for pity. "Aaooo... _fuck._ I thought, for a moment, we might've had something... some way..."

...

Berith's gaze flicks between both demons. After several seconds, she crosses her arms. "I've played all my cards, and they weren't good enough. Well, don't say I never did anything for you. If you decide to support me, my offer still stands. I must become the First Emperor. Our people need to take decisive action against the angels, once and for all."

The demoness's words ring hollow in Satan's ears. He barely acknowledges anything she says. "Yeah... people... angels... uh-huh..."

With a groan, Berith turns on her heel. "Tch. Not even a word of thanks. Such is the way of pond-suckers and low-intellect louts."

She turns to walk toward the door, but Satan raises his head. "Wait. Hold on. Berith!"

Berith pauses. She doesn't turn to look at Satan. "_What._"

"There's... there's no other way? Nothing at all? Surely, there must be something we can do! There has to be a way to bring Nerissa back!"

Silence ensues.

Berith stares outside of the room for several, long, agonizing seconds.

"Devils. To think you're still this persistent. Calling you 'clingy' would hardly be the start of an adequate insult. Though... now that I think about it..."

Berith turns to look at Satan. She taps her finger against her lips, swirling the smoky dark energy surrounding her face in circles. "Hmm. Valac mentioned something, once. A theory. He told me it wasn't more than a hunch, and he never bothered to investigate it."

Satan leans forward. "What was it? What theory?"

His eyes widen as he breathlessly awaits Berith's next words.

"Hmm. Well, as I said before, Valac captured souls via his scythe and stored them inside his lantern. In your case, it seems crushing someone's head will give you their soul. However, if either of you should miss your chance, the soul would travel to the Great Beyond. Once there, reclaiming it would be virtually impossible."

Belial, still standing on the bed, stiffens at Berith's words. "V-virtually? So... you're saying there's a chance...?"

"Possibly. However, Valac said it would take a monumental amount of mana to reclaim a lost soul from the Great Beyond. I believe the phrase he used was, 'More than all of demonkind, angelkind, and Titankind's collective mana reserves combined.' So, it would be essentially impossible."

Berith watches Satan's face as she speaks. When a look of realization and hopelessness hits him, the shadow-walker chuckles wryly. 

"What's the matter? Not what you wanted to hear? Has reality set in, yet, or are you going to continue fantasizing about that succubus for the rest of eternity?"

Satan scowls at her. "That's my business, not yours. Shit. I still had a sliver of hope before... but now... you've taken even that away from me."

"Hahaha!" Berith cackles. "Well, you haven't done me any favors either, _Satan_. Let me know when you're ready to talk business. Otherwise, I'll pretend this embarrassing conversation never happened."

Berith's lips curl upward in disgust. After a moment, she spins on her heel and storms out of the room, leaving Satan and Belial alone with their thoughts.

...

Satan presses his face against his hands. "Dammit... damn. Damn, damn, damn. That fucking... stupid... shadow-walking piece of..."

Belial drops to her knees and slides across the bed. She wraps her arms around Satan and presses herself against his back. "...I'm sorry, love. I thought after our discussion earlier that things would improve, but now..."

Grief takes Satan. His chest shakes as he tries to stop himself from sobbing. He presses his hands against his eyes. "Chrrr... it's useless after all! I can't do anything!! I failed again... I failed her..."

Belial stays quiet. She gives Satan a minute to release his anger and sadness. He chokes and coughs as raw emotions come boiling to the surface. 

"Not fair... not fair... it's just not..."

Satan pauses.

He sniffles for a moment, then wipes his arm across his face.

"No... wait... it can't be. Was this... what I needed?"

Satan raises his head. He stares at Nerissa's crystal for several seconds. His breath catches.

"Son of a broodmother. Why didn't I think of it sooner?"

Belial pulls away from him. "Huh? What are you talking about?"

Satan's lip trembles. He rises to his feet and turns to point at Belial. "Put your clothes on. We're going to take a long walk. I just remembered... there's someone who might be able to help us."

Belial cocks her head. "I... don't follow. Do you mean... Valac?"

The corners of Satan's mouth tighten. He forces a smile and shakes his head. "Haha... no. Someone far, _far_ more powerful than that boney bastard. Our progenitor. The one who gave demons their power."

Belial's eyes widen. "But... but I thought you said-"

"We weren't supposed to return there? I wanted to keep his existence a secret? That was in the past. Times have changed. If there's even a sliver of hope he can help us..."

Samael speaks. "Satan. Who is this 'progenitor' you speak of?"

The Devil's grin widens. As the candlelight flickers against his face, his expression says it all.

"You'll find out, soon. I believe he's an acquaintance of yours."

Belial cocks her head. "Are you talking to your head-friend again?"

"I am," Satan replies. "He wants to know who our progenitor is. Let's keep it a secret, for now."

Belial nods. She slides off the bed and reaches for her tigerskin underwear. "Well, alright. If you insist."

Satan's Vectors snatch his deerskin pants and shirt off the floor. 

"I do."

While the two demons dress themselves, a strange feeling boils in my stomach.

_Worry._

Satan and Belial intend to visit Leviathan, the dark dragon who granted his power to their people. The last time they saw him, he incited an uprising and genocide.

Somehow, I think their second visit will turn out even worse than the first.

Solomon closes his eyes. He motions with his hands, and the world around us fades to black.

"We've almost arrived," the Ancient King murmurs. 

He opens his eyes, and his hands tremble noticeably.

"_The War in Heaven._"