The hallucination before me, shaped like that of a noble king, begins pacing back and forth. I know he's a mirage, given his ghostly appearance and how only I can see him. Unlike ghosts from old cartoons who wore bedsheets over their heads, Solomon is a man with carefully combed blonde hair and blue eyes. The purple, red, and gold colors across his body give him a stylish, flamboyant appearance capable of turning heads.

Extravagant. That's how I'd classify Solomon's appearance.

Solomon ceases his bravado and self-glorification as he meets my gaze. "The Volgrim were an enemy unlike any other that humanity had fought. Hell, they still are. When they arrived at our doorstep in the year 2139, it took everyone, including me, by surprise."

"2139? That's over a hundred years after I entered the Cryopod."

Solomon cocks his head. "What do you mean? Why did you enter suspended animation?"

He continually surprises me with his knowledge of technical subjects. How in the hell would a king from the friggin' Bronze Age know what a cryopod is?

"It's a long story. I had a troubled life. Saw an opportunity to be of use to science rather than simply... ending it."

"Suicidal thoughts?" Solomon averts his gaze. "Few heroes have ever felt that way. Hell, none that I knew did. I'm surprised."

"I didn't know I was a Hero. I was a kid with no friends living a life in poverty. I considered buying a pistol and ending it all, but the ad requesting a guinea pig for science caught my eye. And then... I ended up a hundred thousand years in the future."

"That's unnerving," Solomon mutters. He resumes his pacing. "Anyway. In 2139, the Volgrim appeared with a massive fleet of Warships. Humanity had already begun to colonize the Moon and Mars, but we had no idea they had been monitoring us for decades, possibly even centuries. The aliens knew everything about us: Our culture, our beliefs, and even our military capabilities. They issued an ultimatum. Either we would bow to their will and accept them as our masters, or they would annihilate us."

I cross my arms. "That's it, huh? That must have started one hell of a war. No way humanity would go down without a fight. I've seen enough alien movies to know that much."

Solomon sighs. "Haah... not quite. The leaders of every country held a vote. They decided unanimously to cooperate with the Volgrim."

"Bullshit. You're lying."

"I am many things, lad, but a deceiver isn't one of them." Solomon stares out at the monsters and humans milling about. I see a question form in his mind, but whatever it is, he decides not to ask. "I don't think you understand the severity of the situation. Ever since the third World War, Britain had taken the lead in military technology. They possessed the most advanced weaponry on Earth, but they were the first to capitulate. Nothing we had compared to Volgrim warp-drives and orbital cannons. To say their technology was a million years more advanced than humanity's would be a gross understatement."

I pull up a chair and sit down. "Okay, forgive me for interrupting your story, Solomon... but how the hell do you know all this? Didn't you live and die around one thousand years before Jesus Christ?"

Solomon smirks. "Heroes never die. Provided one had a legendary artifact gifted to them by Camael, their soul would seal inside of it after their death. I lived on quite comfortably inside my Crown long after my physical body expired."

The ancient king pauses for a moment. "Hm. Of course, heroes could also end up inside ordinary objects, too, depending on how their lives ended, but that's a story for another day."

Slowly, my eyes rove up and down his frame. Solomon's ghostly form is much more transparent near his legs compared to his head and chest. He seems to hover in midair.

"What's that like? Living inside an artifact, I mean."

"It's wonderful. Fantastic. Certainly not boring or dull in the slightest." Solomon rolls his eyes. "Heaven's sake. It's terrible. I lucked out compared to other heroes. My crown was bequeathed to many men and women as the years passed. It tended to stay among the ranks of nobility, and later the church, so I usually had someone to converse with. Heaven knows that any hero trapped inside a melee weapon had a rough time once people began using firearms."

His words make me remember Joan. She exited her sword when Amelia touched it. I wonder if she lived a lonely life filled with boredom as well.

"I think I get it. You ended up inside a Crown, and those are typically worn by nobility, so you at least got to witness the world change as the years passed. That doesn't seem too bad."

...

A moment passes. Solomon chuckles.

"Heh, that's funny. You're funny. I didn't sit back and passively watch, Jason. Don't you know what my Crown can do? Its special power?"

A sense of astonishment washes over me. "It gives the wearer... nearly unlimited knowledge... oh my god."

"Exactly. Friends in high places knew that anyone who wore my artifact would possess nigh limitless knowledge. Most major innovations in technology were created as a result of someone using me to think up new ways to progress humanity."

"Wow. That's super cool. But... then that must mean, when the Volgrim arrived..."

Solomon snaps his fingers. "Yes! You understand! The Pope of the Transhuman Fundamentalists, Father Clarence Jackson, was my wearer at the time. I never offered my opinion on world events, no matter how dire. However, he believed that the end was near if we allowed the aliens to control Earth."

"Ah, so he must have been the one to lead a crusade against them, right?"

Solomon stares at me silently for a moment. "Jason. You do know what a Pope _is_, correct?"

"Uh... I suppose a...?"

"A pacifist."

"Right. Duh. I knew that."

Solomon groans. "Anyway. Clarence decided to do something out of the ordinary. He loaned my Crown to a woman named Victoria Rothschild. She used her influence to create an army on short notice-"

I hold my hand up. "Hold on; I need to stop you there. _Rothschild_? Is that the name I think it is?"

Solomon shrugs. "That depends on what you're thinking. Spell them out for me."

"You know... the wealthy banker family. There are- well, _were_ tons of conspiracies about them. Rumors like how they owned trillions of dollars of wealth..."

"All true, I suppose." Solomon waves his hand flippantly. "After she received my Crown, Victoria built a big army, yadda-yadda, two hundred years of continuous war followed, and eventually humanity lost."

I blink slowly. "That's it? I expected a bigger, grander end to the tale."

"Oh, certainly, many things happened. Much of it was political, some of it military. The most important events occurred at the end of the wars, when the leader of humanity decided to surrender. Given she had lived for over three-hundred years and witnessed many catastrophes, including the destruction of Earth, I was surprised she held out as long as she did."

"I'm surprised humans allowed a single person to lead them. What about the United Nations?"

Solomon smiles. "Marie Becker, the Supreme Commander of Earth, took control of the planet as the result of a 98% popular vote. The only people who didn't want her in charge were the other leaders of Earth. Fortunately for her, the common folk remembered her significant achievements during the war, and she won in a landslide."

"Wow. That sounds impressive."

The king's smile slowly morphs into a smirk. "Marie manipulated the votes, but it was probably for the best. I found her political and military finesse to be ideal for the job."

"What?! She cheated! How can you be okay with that?!"

"Trust me, Jason. If you had lived then, you might understand. That being said, Marie surrendered, but under the condition that humanity would be given several worlds to live on in peace. There were a bunch of technical clauses, but I wasn't around for those."

"You weren't?"

Several moments pass. Solomon looks away, toward the Great Doors separating the Core from the rest of the Labyrinth. Despondency appears in his eyes.

"I emerged from my Crown to perform one last heroic feat. I took as many Holy Artifacts as I could find and hid them throughout the Labyrinth, in the hopes that someday if humanity should stand up against the demons and Volgrim, they might have a fighting chance. Then, I perished. I don't know what happened after that."

Solomon lowers his head. "A hundred thousand years. It passed in the blink of an eye. Honestly, Jason... I haven't yet come to grips with my awakening. I thought I departed this existence forever to be with my loved ones. It's strange. I looked forward to my death, but once I died and came back, I couldn't tell you what it was like."

"You didn't dance on clouds and play the harp with angels?"

"Nope. Nothing like that. I felt my body weaken. A terrible exhaustion took me, and a moment later, I opened my eyes and found myself staring at a beautiful demon woman."

"Ose," I murmur.

"That's the one. Ravishing."

"Mmm."

Solomon smiles again as he reflects on whatever he and Ose discussed. "You're in a hopeless situation, Jason."

His sudden change of topic catches me off-guard. "I beg your pardon?"

"I don't know the universe's present situation. After a hundred thousand years, though, I can only imagine how powerful the demons have become, let alone the Volgrim. Do you have a plan for the future?"

I shake my head. "Nope. I'm trying to avert a war and keep the demons at bay. I can't risk attacking them, or they might send a billion grunts to our doorstep before night falls. Hope and Neil seem more confident about our odds of success, but I don't know."

"Hope? Neil?"

"The commander and, um, my clone."

"Clone?" Solomon blinks in surprise. "You cloned yourself? Even with my Crown in your possession, that must have taken a while."

This time, I'm the one who smiles. "You know I'm a Hero, right?"

"I gathered that much by the Heroic Energy surging in your body."

"My power is called Wordsmithing. Well, I mean, that's what _I_ call it. It might have a more technical name, but I don't know."

Solomon nods. "Interesting. Explain."

And so, I do. For over ten minutes, I explain the events of the past several months to Solomon. My life, arriving in the Cryopod, Hoarhiim's orb, the discovery of my powers, my battles against a monster, a human, and even the First Emperor.

After I finish, Solomon whistles. "Psseew... good lord. That's a lot to take in. You battled Satan and didn't die?"

"Yup. He's dead now. After Amelia died, Satan turned into dust."

A spark appears in Solomon's eye. "Right... you mentioned Samantha... but surely her name is Belial, correct?"

"Mhm."

"The Second Emperor of the demons?"

"...Yes. What's with that tone? You're starting to worry me."

The king shakes his head. "It's probably nothing. I remember a little rumor from the ancient ages regarding Julius Caesar and how he met his unfortunate demise."

"Was she involved?"

"Who can know?"

"I'm alarmed now. Christ. After what Hope said..."

"Your clone? What happened?"

I glance shiftily to the side. "Well, I kinda sorta accidentally but intentionally overheard him mention that Samantha is a shapeshifter, and not long after, I confronted her about it. She stormed away, along with my wife. I feel awful for saying anything, but she saw those Volgrim tapes, and-"

"Slow down. What Volgrim tapes?"

"Well, on the terminal behind me, there's a file regarding something about a treaty, and it also has a very graphic video of a Volgrim leader guy doing... something awful. You don't want to see."

Solomon narrows his eyes. "Don't feign indignation on my behalf. Show me."

"It's gruesome."

"Such is war. I've seen things that would shrivel your stomach into the size of a pea, Jason. I want to see whatever that video is."

I groan and spin my chair around to face the monitor. "Okay, okay. Whatever you say, Your Majesty."

Less than a minute later, I tap around and bring up the file list. Solomon holds his finger up. "Wait."

He scans the files one by one, reading each title carefully. "Overlord Protocol. Brainwashing. Incredible."

He continues to mutter to himself for a few minutes. Occasionally, he has me tap on this file or that. I can read the words, but they're all incredibly stiff and stilted, written almost like Legalese.

Solomon, however, has no such trouble. After a minute, he nods. "I understand now. Fascinating. Play the video."

I comply but look away. Solomon doesn't see the world through my eyes, but through the rubies circling his crown, so he's still able to watch the video.

He winces as the demon heads explode. "Gods. You weren't joking. How grisly! Nufaris has expanded his power since I last saw him. And he's an Executor, now! He shot up the ranks."

"You know him?"

"Sadly. Nufaris was the Elder in charge of monitoring Earth during the decades before the Volgrim assault force arrived in 2139. Given how much he learned about humanity during that time, the Founders gave him the title of Ambassador and later made him a general during the Energy Wars. I'm surprised he rose to the very top of the Volgrim hierarchy."

"Mmm." I nod, pretending to understand what he means. "Any thoughts about these files?"

"Plenty." Solomon rubs the bridge of his nose. "Where to begin, where to begin..."

He doesn't get to answer. Henry's voice rings out, nearly giving me a heart attack. "Mister Hiro! I brought Neil and Hope along, just as you asked!"

I swivel in my chair to face the two newcomers. Hope and Neil's eyes widen as they look at me. My doppelganger is the first to speak. "Jason! Are you okay? Henry says you had trouble standing."

"I'm okay, now. Ose tried to hit me with a mental assault, but Solomon's Crown protected me. After that... uh..." I glance at Solomon's ghostly visage. "Well, I made a new friend."

Hope follows my gaze, but stares right through solomon at the monitor behind him. "...The computer?"

"Not exactly. Solomon's Crown isn't an empty vessel of knowledge. The king is still alive inside of it. I can see him now."

Hope doesn't appear convinced. "So, to be clear, the demon woman attacked your mind, and now you have an invisible friend?"

"When you put it that way, you make me sound a little crazy."

"You said it, not me..." Hope trails off and glances at Neil. "Maybe I should inspect Jason's head. Just in case."

Solomon chuckles. "Heh... Jason, use your Wordsmithing. Speak the word, 'Project' and make my apparition visible to them."

Out loud, I ask, "I can do that?"

"Of course. Once you told me Wordsmithing's premise, I instantly comprehended a million ways you could use it. You've scarcely tapped into its power."

"Oh. Okay. Neat. **Project.**"

To my surprise, Solomon's ghostly body becomes noticeably less transparent. His form shifts, turning him into a halfway flesh-and-blood creature.

Neil's eyes widen. Hope gawks. "Whoa...! You're Solomon?"

The king immediately extends his arms out and makes a sweeping gesture with his scepter. "Indeed, young man! I am none other than he, the wisest, most brilliant, and good-looking man to ever walk the Earth! Women clutch me tightly, men cower in fear, and children line up to hear tales of my accomplishments!"

"Ah. That's... nice," Hope says, looking unimpressed. "...Good to meet you. I guess."

Neil nods. "I'm pleased to have the Wisdom King on our side. I know of your feats, your conquests. Napoleon spoke of his contact with you on many occasions, and Saul mentioned your taste in architecture once or twice."

Solomon's grandiose expression and body language melt away. A look of surprise appears on his face. "Saul? My kingdom's lead architect? My nephew?! Is he alive?"

Neil nods and smiles. "Indeed, Your Majesty. I will tell him you've arisen as soon as possible."

"Please do!" Solomon's expression turns giddy. "Incredible! I thought all the people from my era had perished, but one remains! I can't wait to see him again!"

Hope and I wince simultaneously. The knowledge that everyone we've ever known from Earth is long-dead still keeps us up at night, whether we want to admit it or not.

Solomon laughs, but I sigh.

"Um. Hope, Neil. I need to tell you two something. I, err, screwed up earlier."

I didn't want to come out and say this so awkwardly, but the longer I put it off, the worse it will sting.

Neil, Hope, and Solomon's smiles evaporate. Hope crosses his arms and frowns. "What's wrong?"

I grit my teeth. "Look, uh, the moment Phoebe and I heard you returned from the battle with the Archangel, we drove over to the Core with Samantha. I arrived, but you guys weren't here. So... well, I used my Wordsmithing to find you."

Hope nods slowly. The color begins to drain from his face. "Yes... and?"

"I used the word, 'Locate.' I saw you two sitting at a bar. I was going to leave, but... I overheard something. I shouldn't have listened, but it caught my attention. It's terrible, I know, but-"

Neil interrupts me. "Pause. You _spied_ on us? Listened to our conversation?"

Hope glances at Neil, then at me. His expression looks aghast. "What the hell, Jason! I can't believe you'd do that! I'd never snoop on you!"

"It was an accident," I say quickly. In the back of my mind, I groan. _Somewhat of an accident, anyway._ "I didn't mean to overhear. You and Neil discussed Samantha, and I heard you saying she was a shapeshifter. That's all. I felt terrible I heard anything at all, but-"

"There's no _buts_!" Hope yells. "That's messed up! What else did you hear?!"

"Nothing else. Like I said-"

Hope looks away and covers his eyes. "I... I wanted to tell you what Neil and I discussed as soon as I came back, but this is... I can't believe it. What a breach of privacy, Jason."

Neil shakes his head in dismay. "Unbelievable."

A tinge of panic enters my voice. "I only heard the one thing! I swear! Come on, Hope, you and I are identical! You'd never eavesdrop on someone intentionally, and neither would I! You know that!"

Hope shakes his head. Slowly, he pulls his hand away from his face and gazes at it. "Are we, Jason?"

"Are we what?"

"The same person. Kar told me he could tell the two of us apart at a glance. We have the same face, but we're still different. I, for one, would never listen in on a private conversation."

I glance at Solomon, looking for help. The king avoids my gaze. _You're on your own, pal,_ his body language says.

Hope and Neil stay quiet for a few moments. Hope swallows audibly. "Christ. You can say whatever you want, Jason, but that was a huge breach of trust. Imagine if you came home and I was in bed with Phoebe. How would you feel?"

I lower my eyes. "Like a knife in the stomach."

"Exactly. Don't use that 'identical twin' crap on me. We aren't the same. You and I lead different lives. Let's go, Neil. We came here for no reason, after all."

Hope and Neil shake their heads in dismay. I start to open my mouth but think better of it.

Maybe they overreacted... but can I blame them?

As the two walk away, I gaze inward to evaluate my actions. Neil and Hope are rapidly becoming good friends. I don't know Neil very well, but I consider Phoebe to be my best friend. What if Hope listened in on a private conversation between the two of us?

I would feel exactly the same way as he does, now — betrayed. I have to apologize later. I have to fix this.

Solomon whistles. "Pssseew... goodness. You bungled that conversation."

"No kidding. Fuck me, dude. I have to apologize to Samantha, Phoebe, and my fucking clone, now. I'm _such_ an asshole."

Solomon shakes his head. "No. You're a child. You may have the powers of a legendary Hero, but everything I see indicates you have much to learn. Everyone makes mistakes, Jason."

He looks away. His voice tightens. "Everyone."

"Including you?"

Several moments pass before Solomon replies. "Especially me. Heroes live a lonely life. I had many women, the favor of the gods, incredible intelligence, and good looks... and somehow I managed to ruin everything with one careless act. It took me thirty years to correct my blunder. I died before I finished."

"What happened?"

Solomon looks away. "I don't want to talk about it."

"Sorry."

The king glances down at his hands. He sighs. "To err is to be human. Those who possess power also possess the capacity to blunder a thousand times worse than the average man. Be exuberant that you need only apologize to amend your situation. Your feelings now will be nothing compared to those felt when you commit an irreparable error."

Solomon smiles listlessly. "Indeed. Once you commit a cardinal sin, you will no longer be the same person. There's no turning back from a mistake like mine."

Unease creeps from my stomach into my throat, like a wraith reaching up to slowly snuff my life out.

"You know what? I won't wait. I'm going to apologize to my wife and Samantha right now. I won't put it off."

As I stand up, Solomon nods. "A wise choice."

I walk toward the warp-gate to Tarus II, and Solomon floats along beside me.

"Say, Jason, bit of a random question here, but on a scale of 1-10, how attractive would you say your wife is?"

"Eleven or twelve. Why?"

Solomon purses his lips. "You're in luck, my boy. I have a way with the ladies. Leave the talking to the professional."

I nod silently. Inside my mind, I think to myself, _this won't end well._

Solomon glares at me. "I heard that."

"Sorry."