Ten young Kraktol warriors, consisting of four males and six females, slowly approach one of Tarus II's many forests. As part of their mission to 'exterminate the Neanderthal,' the ten Unblooded warriors haven't any idea the truth behind their commander's intentions. They believe their journey will end once they exterminate the lone Human living on this planet, but what they don't know is that their superiors expect most of them to suffer horrible deaths at the Terran's hands.

Recruit Stormjaw, a purple-scaled male, deferentially allows the superior Kraktol females to take the lead. As a matriarchal species, the female crocodilians often stand a full head taller than their masculine counterparts. Their bodies, better built to withstand the rigors of combat, allow them to take on countless other sentients in brutal melee brawls.

Especially the damned _Mallali._

A red-scaled female, named Pira Flamesoaker, steps to the front of the group. The others defer to her as the leader, an appropriate choice given her long and storied history as a hunter on Dragua, where she slew five Great Aquatic Beasts during her graduation mission. 

"Kyargh! Listen up," Pira says. "We have no intel about the abilities of this human. However, I have witnessed the martial prowess of a human with my own eyes. They are fearsome creatures, but their actual fighting skill is quite low! We must watch out for tricks and traps. Humans fight with their brains, not their fists. If they appear before you to engage in a straight battle, that can only mean they have already rigged the outcome in their favor!"

Recruit Stormjaw growls in disapproval. "Graugh. How dishonorable. What sort of self-hating sentient would engage in such crass behavior?"

"That does not matter," Pira replies. "All that we must worry about is taking down this human. Any other concerns are unimportant. Hukar, you will take up the rear. Keep your eyes peeled for sneaky movements behind us. Our eyes far surpass those of the human, so we will be able to see him coming before he sees us. And Dallik, you must keep your gaze above us. Since our prey has holed up inside a forest, he may attempt to strike us from the treetops. Never underestimate a human! They may not be _excellent_ climbers, but their abilities far surpass ours in that regard."

The two Kraktol Pira pointed out merely grunt in acknowledgement. "Yes, leader."

"Forests are ideal for springing traps on unsuspecting dullards," Pira warns. "Keep your wits about you. Kyargh! Now, let's move out!"

Without any fanfare, the Kraktol begin slinking toward the forest while keeping themselves low to the ground. Despite their immense stature, these aliens still possess some ancient ability to move nimbly on four limbs, especially in bodies of water.

Wearing nothing but light grey training uniforms and lacking any weapons, their first order of business is to outfit themselves with equipment suitable for hunting prey. Pira and Stormjaw work together to hunt a few armored creatures in the vicinity. As the leader, Pira always deals the most damage, leaving her male counterpart to act as a distraction while she shreds the heads of several large, turtle-like enemies, each standing fifteen feet tall. 

"The creatures on this world are enormous," Stormjaw remarks, after they kill their fourth super-turtle. "If that monster had bitten us, we'd have likely lost a limb, and possibly even our lives."

Pira nods. "Commander Rockfist warned us this world would be dangerous. For a single human to survive here, he must be a capable hunter."

The two of them strip the shells off their fallen foes, glancing at the darkening sky as night begins to approach.

"Move with haste," Pira says. "We will camp outside of the forest, tonight. After we finish crafting armor from these shells, we will have a much better chance of killing the Neanderthal."

While the two of them weave together armor from the turtle-shells, their comrades also spread out and hunt down multiple enormous predator monsters. 

One of them, resembling an armored Mantis, bursts out of the ground and swipes at Recruit Hukar, nearly taking his head off with its swift frontal blade-arms. Luckily, two flanking female Kraktol pounce atop the Mantis's back and tear into its hide with their sharp claws. The humongous insect chitters in distress and tries to spin around and kill the small creatures ripping it apart, but sadly, its limited range of movements leaves it exposed. 

Eventually, one of the females tears out a huge chunk of skin and bone at the base of the Mantis's neck, causing it to lifelessly stumble forward and flop to the ground. For their reward, they drag the huge insect back to their makeshift camp and feast on its flesh for dinner.

Pira and Stormjaw finish crafting ten sets of makeshift turtle-scale armor. While clunky and difficult to wear, the armor proves decent enough to shrug off small-arms fire and blunt melee attacks. It suits their purposes.

"Excellent work," Pira says, as she eyes the mountain of Mantis flesh left at the edge of the camp. Dallik and the rest have finished crafting basic hammers and other such weapons. When we venture into the forest tomorrow, we will stand a much greater chance of killing the human."

The other Kraktol nod, but many of them begin to feel a bit anxious. Despite the ease with which they've taken out multiple predators, the sheer size and strength of Tarus II's monsters boggles their imagination.

How can a world filled with such danger possibly allow a single human to survive? Even the best Kraktol recruits require two to three members to take down the average Tarus fauna.

After digging out a series of shallow, protective depressions around a boulder, Pira perches atop the rock and gestures to her comrades.

"I will take the first watch. Hukar, you will take the second in four hours, and Stormjaw, you will take the third in eight."

Nobody voices any complaint. For their leader to volunteer as the first watch, that simply proves how magnanimous she really is. Pira always works to protect her fellow Kraktol as best as she can. She looks out for their interests over her own, making her a truly praiseworthy and honorable warrior.

"Thank you, leader," The other Kraktol say, bowing their heads in her direction.

Not long after, all of the Kraktol slither into their makeshift hidey-holes. With the cold of night approaching, their cold-blooded bodies lose most of their mobility, making them easy prey. Only Pira, wearing a set of woven, makeshift clothes, can sit on her boulder for so many hours without falling asleep.

...

Night falls. 

The Kraktol slumber silently, many of them keeping one eye open to watch for intruders. 

Hours pass. Two. Four. Six. Eight. Ten.

After twelve full hours, the warmth of day arrives. All of the Kraktol wake up, practically in unison. They climb out of their burrows, but two of them appear surprised.

"Huh?" Hukar growls. "What's going on?! Why didn't Pira wake me for the first shift?"

"She didn't wake me for the second shift either," Stormjaw says. He glances at the top of the boulder, only to almost jump out of his scales. "By the Thülvik! Where has Pira gone?"

Eight of the remaining nine Kraktol quickly don their weapons and armor, then slither around the area, searching for their comrade. Stormjaw stays behind. He climbs the boulder, only to become even more alarmed when he reaches the top.

"Everyone! Pira's clothing, her armor, and her weapon! They're all still here!"

One of the other females sniffs the air suspiciously. "Pira would not leave in the middle of the night. She most certainly would not leave behind her equipment. That's suicide!"

Hukar calls out from a few hundred feet away. "Graugh! Paw-prints, over here! They aren't Kraktolian!"

His comrades rush over to check out the scene. When they arrive, they find several faint, barely visible five-toed footprints, just as he described.

"What's going on?" Meela, one of the five remaining female Kraktol asks. "Is this the human's paw-print?"

"The shape does look that way," replies Vesia, a grey-scaled female. "And look, over here. Some loose vines, they look as if they were cut in haste."

"What is this implement?" Asks Hukar. He holds up a two-foot-long wooden arrow, one with a stony barbed end covered in blood. "It appears to be some sort of projectile."

Half an hour later, the Kraktol finally find signs of a dragged body leading away from their camp into the forest. They come to a horrifying conclusion.

Hukar's scales momentarily lose their purple coloration. "The... the human! He came in the dead of night. He captured Pira while we were all asleep!"

"That's impossible," Vesia replies. "How could he have taken Pira without making a sound? Any one of us would have heard her call for help!"

"This projectile seems to have a strange substance applied to its tip," Stormjaw remarks. "It might be some sort of fast-acting chemical. Perhaps the human drugged Pira."

"Why would he not kill her?" Hukar asks. "If he sees us as his enemies, then surely he would seek to kill us one-by-one. Leaving Pira's body behind would certainly terrorize and frighten us."

Several seconds pass. Vesia speaks up, the corners of her mouth curled in disgust.

"Perhaps... the human... seeks to mate with Pira."

"What?!"

"Impossible!"

Multiple Kraktol desperately hold in their meal from yesterday, glaring at Vesia with varying degrees of abject horror.

"Humans are Mallali! Mallali are scum! No Kraktol or Mallali would ever mate with one another!"

"No. You're wrong," Vesia mutters ominously. "Kyargh! You haven't heard the stories of human depravity. They mate not only within their species, but with any other species as well, even species where such acts are not anatomically possible. Even more scarily, they will mate with those of any gender, defying the natural law! Males, females, such biological differences do not matter. They will go to great lengths to capture or court willing and unwilling participants. Many such cases have been recorded after their reappearance on the galactic scene."

Vesia points at each of the males present. "That means not only am I a possible target, but so are all of you!"

Several males crinkle up their faces. Stormjaw himself smacks his chest as he tries to shake off the impression of two meaty arms wrapping themselves around his body. 

"There might be another reason why the human took Pira," Meela says. Unlike the others, she keeps her wits about her. "Perhaps the human intends to interrogate Pira. Perhaps he simply wants her alive until he takes her back to his lair, at which point he will split her open and feast on her entrails! We don't know, and therefore, we should not jump to conclusions. In Pira's absence, I will lead our group."

The others nod. Naturally, as a female, Meela's choice to become leader only makes sense.

"What should we do, then?" Stormjaw asks. "Should we continue hunting the human down?"

"Yes, but most importantly, we have to rescue our teammate," Meela says. "The human has a head start on us. He's already made it back into the forest as of several hours ago. However, dragging a body as large as Pira's will surely tire him out. We can still catch up if we move with haste! All we have to do is follow his trail."

The other Kraktol deliberate for another few minutes before hatching a rescue plan.

"Good! Then it's settled," Meela says. "We'll stick to the original plan, but move much faster than before. We absolutely cannot allow that filthy human to defile Pira, it doesn't matter what method he uses! Kyargh! If we fail to rescue our sister, then we might as well stop calling ourselves Kraktol! Warriors never abandon their kin!"

"That's right!" The other Kraktol shout. "Warriors never abandon their kin! This is the Kraktol way!"

...

Shortly after, the group of nine moves out. They head toward the forest, yet not one of them notices a figure laying flat atop a nearby hill behind them. This creature, caked in mud, leaves, and grass, masks his presence by blending into the tundra around him. He watches as the Kraktol head in the opposite direction, toward the forest.

This figure rests his arm around the immobilized and bound body of an unconscious Kraktol female, the very same one who went missing only a few hours earlier. Several tightly-woven vines bind her claws behind her back, while others wrap around her long, crocodilian snout, preventing her from opening her mouth.

"Mmm. Uk, uk... gooka..." The man grunts, mumbling to himself. "The... scaled... ones. _Easy... prey_."

Slowly, he rises to his feet. He lifts Pira onto his shoulder, then walks toward a secret hatch hidden on the ground. After climbing inside, he shuts it behind himself, disappearing from the overworld.

The Kraktol don't know, but their prey is just as adept on land and sea as he is in the treetops and underground.

He is adaptable, flexible and unrelenting.

_He is Grug, the Neanderthal._