**A/N: [Agro did a dramatic reading of this story! Check it out!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPvC_sVeYds&lc)**

_Milky Way. Western Hemisphere. Inside a local star system with twelve planets and thirty-seven moons._

A small military vessel with a maximum crew complement of fifty hovers above a planet covered in lush forests, deep oceans, and clean rivers. This vessel, a training craft for the Kraktol Empire, sports a light armament of dual photon cannons, a pair of anti-missile ballistic cannons, and a few Sidewinder missiles.

Despite the ship's vulnerabilities, few would be foolish enough to attack it, given its callsign and who it belongs to.

Aboard the vessel, aptly named the 'Scaled Eye,' a tall and imposing crocodilian paces back and forth before ten other, significantly smaller and younger members of his species. As bipedal beings, they sport thick legs, hands which end in steel-rending claws, and a tail which allows them to keep their balance. Additionally, as highly evolved crocodiles, they also possess huge, elongated mouths capable of crushing anything which enters their maw.

The Kraktol Commander, a blue-scaled fellow with blood-red eyes, folds his claws behind his back. He assumes a dignified posture as he slowly paces back and forth in front of the smaller Kraktol before him.

"Graugh! You have all eagerly anticipated this day for four years now. You passed your training, and soon, you will prove yourselves as true-blooded Kraktol!"

The Commander pauses to gesture out the Bridge's window toward the beautiful green orb floating in space.

"This planet is known as Tarus II. Once, it was home to our former enemies, the Kessu. Now, it belongs to our glorious empire! It is our personal playground, one where we can set up training exercises for hot-blooded youths, such as yourselves."

The Commander's words ring of self-absorption, pride, and an overblown ego, but the sheer conviction behind them fills his recruits' hearts with ease. His confidence spills over into their thoughts, making them believe he can do anything in this moment.

"Don't get cocky! Graugh!" The Commander says, warning his pupils. "Today, as part of your initiation, you will undergo a brutal test that has sent many promising warriors to the Forbidden Swamp! While tragic, their deaths are a warning to us all, and especially you: you must not act complacently. This test will decide your future in the Kraktol Empire. Your only choices are to fight or flee!"

The recruits nod along, listening intently to the Commander's words.

"Today, I will send all ten of you to the training grounds together. Graugh! This test will require that you work together to achieve a common goal. As warriors, you will often have to battle enemies in teams, and so, your individual combat prowess will be less important than your ability to unify. I care not who you designate as the leader, the support, or other such roles. You will decide amongst yourselves who among you is the Alpha."

"Now, regarding your mission..." The Commander says, motioning with his hands to summon a holographic protection of a naked bipedal alien before himself. "During this next week, you will engage in a brutal hunt, one which will upend every notion you have regarding Kraktol supremacy."

One of the recruits leans forward to stare at the floating hologram with widened eyes. "Kyargh! Commander Rockfist, isn't that... a human?"

"Graugh! A human, indeed!" Rockfist replies. "None of you youngbloods may have seen one in the flesh before, but doubtless, you have watched many documentaries regarding their appearances."

Another recruit pipes up, this time a purple-scaled male. "Graugh! Commander Rockfist, are we to hunt this human? Something about him looks different from the holo-videos our instructors showed us."

Rockfist's eyes take on a curious glint.

"So you noticed? Excellent eyes, Recruit Stormjaw. I'm sure most of you have heard the story of the Precursor's reappearance five hundred years ago. When they appeared, the humans seemed a benign threat to most of the galaxy, but we Kraktol had already experienced their horrors once before. We knew the feats of which they were capable! Simply put, if a hundred of you youngbloods were to face off against the monsters in our midst, the humans of today... you would all die! You would not even be able to cry out for your mothers, so pitiful would be your deaths!"

The Commander begins pacing again, his eyes taking on a distant look.

"Humanity has already swelled to five hundred million members. A trifle compared to the numbers of the Rodaks, the Mallali, and the other Sentients, but those numbers mean nothing. A single well-trained human can take out dozens of threats before they close the distance. Even I, with all of my years serving under the Thülvik, would never stand a chance against a human."

"That is why we have altered the parameters of your test," Rockfist continues. "Modern humans are far too terrifying for you to defeat. Therefore, we have mimicked the DNA of ancient humans to create composite clones of the 'Neanderthal,' which was one of the oldest recorded human ancestors we could find. This fellow here will be your opponent. Compared to this era's humans, he is a dim-witted simpleton incapable of comprehending technology or advanced military tactics."

Recruit Stormjaw frowns. "Graugh! No offense, Commander, but this test seems a bit... easy. If we are to hunt this 'Neanderthal,' then won't we possess a decisive advantage?"

"Is that what you think?" Rockfist asks, smiling slyly. "You will go to the planet unarmed and without any defensive equipment. Admiral Kilgore designed this test to stress you to your absolute limits, and therefore, he placed the Neanderthal on the planet one full year ago. You will enter the humans' territory, his domain. You will face him and whatever traps he has laid, crude and primitive though they be. Only by slaying him within one week will you achieve victory."

Rockfist gestures to a nearby female Kraktol, someone with grey scales wearing a simple white uniform.

"Graugh. This is Researcher Gonjina. She is one of the Kraktol who created the Neanderthal. Gonjina, please enlighten my recruits."

The Researcher nods, then takes a few steps toward the holographic image. She summons another image, this time of a slimmer human, one much better resembling the modern ones all of the recruits have seen.

"Do not underestimate the Neanderthal," Gonjina says, her tone icy. "Current-era humans are smart and dextrous. They employ a million tricks to deceive and confound their foes, but they can also resort to raw technological superiority to crush their enemies. The Neanderthal may not even have one thousand tricks at his disposal, but he makes up for it with his sheer body size."

"Look here at this fellow's abdominal muscles," Gonjina says, gesturing to the Neanderthal's stomach. "As an omnivore, he can consume practically anything to restore his energy. Ancient humans were even more adept than their modern counterparts at foraging and hunting, so you will not be able to defeat him in endurance, especially when you cannot consume plants to survive. Likewise, note the difference in the Neanderthal and Modern Human's muscular and skeletal structures. The Neanderthal stands two heads taller, and his body is better-built to withstand damage. While inferior to a Kraktol's scales, you should only underestimate his defenses at your own peril."

"That's right," Rockfist says. "The Neanderthal may be dim-witted compared to our era's enemies, but he is more than a match for the likes of you! To kill this ancient human, you will need teamwork and strong leadership, but most importantly, a firm heart!"

Researcher Gonjina nods at Rockfist, then takes a step back, returning the floor to him.

The Commander takes another minute hashing out the specific parameters of the mission, then gestures to the pilot.

"Set us down just outside of the Neanderthal's territory. Use these coordinates."

After Rockfist pulls out a datapad and sends the landing coordinates to the pilot's console, she nods. "Yes, Commander."

Minutes pass. The lightly armored craft descends through the planet's atmosphere, jarring the inhabitants slightly, but not causing any actual harm. Once it reaches the ground, it pops open the side hatch and extends the exit ramp, revealing the gorgeous world outside.

"Graugh! This planet is a veritable oasis," Rockfist boasts. "The Thülvik, Kisa Kindris, plans to turn Tarus II into a second homeworld for our people soon. The vicious predators here are a bit worrying, but with time, we will prevail."

The Commander steps aside and gestures to the door.

"Well? What are you waiting for? Get out there and begin the **Human Hunt**!"

"Yes, Commander!" All of the recruits cry in unison.

As the young Kraktol depart the vessel and head toward a nearby forest, Commander Rockfist closes the hatch, then returns to the bridge. His pilot turns to look at him.

"Commander. Do you think these soft-scales will succeed in killing the human?"

Rockfist smirks.

"Right, I forgot. This is the first time you've observed Admiral Kilgore's training method. Fifty years ago, you and I trained in the old way, by slaying ten vicious predators on hostile worlds all by ourselves. Compared to hunting one human in a group of ten... our tests were much too easy!"

Commander Rockfist eyes the holographic humans, admiration glowing in his eyes.

"What fine predators these creatures are. They evolved on a world ripe with threats that wished to kill them. They took control, subdued the planet, and then fought aliens far beyond their comprehension, with technology defying imagination."

"No, Miss Vörkon," the Commander says to his pilot. "My pupils will not defeat the human. In fact, they aren't _supposed_ to. That was never the true intent of this exercise."

The Commander's eyes glower with hunger.

"It is the human who will hunt _them._ They are _his_ prey. Only the fittest will escape his clutches."

The pilot nods.

"I see. Truly, this test is most unfair. Perhaps one or two recruits will survive and join the ranks of the Kraktol elites."