Part 3: The Human Hunt

Nine Kraktol warriors, all mere young-bloods, slither into the largest forest on Tarus II. The thick tree-top cover drastically cuts down on the mid-morning sunlight, causing them to proceed with the utmost caution. Their eyes, superior to those of the accursed Mallali, serve only to counter-balance their less-than-stellar hearing. Lacking the enhanced auditory capabilities of the Mallali, they can only sweep their vision from side to side, keeping their eyes out for the Neanderthal's traps.

Several times, one of the male or female Kraktol will stop and grunt while pointing at crude-looking rope traps made from woven vines. After having their dear leader snatched out from under their noses in the middle of the night, these fresh graduates don't dare to underestimate the so-called 'primitive human' any longer.

"Look here," Recruit Stormjaw says deferentially to the group's replacement leader, Meela. As one of the five remaining females, she naturally takes the position. "Fresh paw-prints. The human must have come through here only a few hours ago. And look, some of the underbrush appears disturbed. Perhaps he dragged Pira this way."

"She was tired and cold," Meela says, nodding, as she arrives at Stormjaw's side. "Unable to fight back, she could only accept her tragic fate. If the coward hadn't captured her in the middle of the night, she would have fought back loudly enough to awaken the rest of us, but the human proved too formidable. The Neanderthal may appear as an unevolved form of a modern human, but his strength is superior."

Stormjaw rubs the underside of his long, crocodilian mouth. "Graugh! I am not so sure about that. If the human is truly so strong, why would he attack Pira at her weakest? Remember what the Commander told us. Humans are cunning and will use their wits to out-think us."

Meela shakes her head. "Commander Rockfist referred specifically to modern humans with that warning. The Neanderthal is stupid and ignorant. It is his strength we must beware, not his brains."

"Perhaps you are right..." Stormjaw mutters, appearing uncertain. "But I think we should still assume the Mallali scum has at least a higher-animal intelligence than Rockjaw gave him credit for. We should move with caution."

"Kyargh! Then so we shall," Meela answers.

She and Stormjaw meet up with the other Kraktol a minute later.

"We found some tracks over in that direction," Stormjaw says to the others, thumbing the area behind himself. "What about the rest of you?"

"Didn't find anything of note," Another female Kraktol replies.

"Same," Says another. "...but wait, where is Mordok? He was with me only a moment ago. Have any of you seen him?"

A flicker of panic crosses the faces of every Kraktol cadet. They quickly spin around and spread out in groups of two.

Five minutes later, they regroup, looking more spooked than ever.

"Nothing!" Says Vesia, one of the females. "I doubled-back to look for Mordok, but I can't find him anywhere! Do you think he...?"

She trails off, not daring to finish that line of thought.

"It must have been the Neanderthal," Meela grimaces. "Remember, the human used a potent poison to knock out Pira. He must have done the same for Mordok."

"But how did he yank Mordok out from under our noses without anyone seeing?" Vesia asks. "Surely, the Neanderthal would have made some noise while dragging Mordok away!"

The entire group falls silent. They quickly rethink the past few hours, while an eerie, worrying thought crosses their minds.

"Is... is it possible?" Stormjaw asks. "Did the human... simply pick up Mordok and sneak away? Mordok is only a little smaller than Pira. If the human didn't need to drag him, then... have we been following a false trail this whole time?!"

The Kraktol flick their gazes around the forest, growing more worried by the moment. Already, they have lost two members from their original party of ten.

"How are we supposed to hunt and kill such an elusive creature?" Meela murmurs, more to herself than the others. "The human moves like the wind. He appears and disappears, as if he were a ghost lurking beneath our shadows."

"Perhaps Commander Rockjaw is slyer than we thought," Vesia says. "He may have lied to us about the Neanderthal's capabilities to catch us offguard. Think about it! He must want to test our adaptability!"

"That makes sense," Stormjaw replies. "I say we all stick together. Comrade system. Never do anything without someone right beside you. Always move in groups of two or three."

"But... kyargh! We tried that already, and now Mordok has gone missing," one of the other females complains.

"Well, then just be _extra careful_," Meela snarks.

The group of eight reorganizes themselves. They continue traveling deeper into the woods, this time moving in a circular formation, with everyone keeping their eyes out to the north, east, west, and south, as well as the treetops above.

Several times, they encounter huge, vicious beasts lurking within the jungle. Armed with their makeshift weapons and armor, they handily defeat these creatures, only to afterward find that, during the heat of battle, one of their comrades has gone missing.

"No, no! Kyargh!" Meela cries, when three more of her companions have mysteriously vanished. She begins to panic, along with the other four recruits. "How? HOW can the Neanderthal keep picking us off?! Does he have access to stealth technology?! It's impossible for him to keep grabbing us one-by-one! Who knows what horrible, awful torture he's unleashing upon our friends!"

Stormjaw and Vesia clench their teeth. They, along with the remaining two Kraktol, appear deeply apprehensive.

"Perhaps... we are not the hunters on this world..." Stormjaw mutters. "We are the hunted. We were never supposed to defeat the human. We only needed to survive."

Vesia glances at the corpse of their most recently killed ferocious beast, a monster resembling a sabertooth cat, except with a wall of formidable scales lining its back, and ten eyes stuck to its forehead.

"You might be right. Come. We will flee this forest. The human must be sneaking into our blind spots caused by the tree cover. Once we return to the open plains, we'll stand a better chance!"

"Excellent idea," Meela says. "We'll follow your plan, then."

The two males and three females immediate turn and head back the way they came.

Meela, the biggest Kraktol among those present, stays in the back. She shuffles sideways, walks backwards, and otherwise keeps an eye out for their path of retreat.

_The human must be nearby. I can practically feel his gaze boring into me! But... where is he?_

As the sharp-eyed leader flicks her vision around, a movement in the darkness catches her eyes. She makes out the slight shifting of a patch of tree leaves, just as two barely visible orbs peep at her from the shadows.

The female's eyes widen in alarm. Before she can open her mouth to warn the others, a slight pricking motion locks up her throat. She glances down in horror to see a dart covered in green slime sticking out of her vocal cords, preventing her from making a noise. 

Moments later, Meela's vision goes dark. She quietly slumps to the ground, landing in a patch of grass that muffles the sound of her body striking the forest floor. By the time the others notice her disappearance, they're already too late. She can only feel the vibration of the Neanderthal tossing her over his shoulder and slinking into the darkness.

...

Some time later, Meela awakens. She finds herself inside a small room, one where a bunch of bipedal cat-aliens stare at her with curious gazes.

"Mraww! The Second Leader has awakened!" Says one of the cats. "She remains partially sedated, Great Precursor!"

Meela's eyes widen. _What! Those are Kessu! But how have so many appeared here? Where am I? What is happening?_

She tries to move, only to find her arms bound to the bed upon which she resides, along with her legs. Not that it matters, as a tube filled with muscle relaxants rests inside one of her veins, making it difficult for her to control her thoughts.

Suddenly, a tall, furless figure appears, covered in clothes made from pelts and scales. Meela instantly recognizes him as a Terran, and likely the Neanderthal she was supposed to help kill!

"Gook. Ugg, ugg," The Neanderthal growls, as he stands beside her bed. "Hmm. Glok, ugg. Ugg, rakk, Grug."

Meela stares at him blankly. A mixture of fear and awe appears in her eyes as she recognizes the majesty of the human, a creature she has never seen in person during her life.

"The Great Precursor greets you!" One of the Kessu cat-bipeds says, his tiny four-foot-tall figure appearing diminutive compared to the six-foot height of the Neanderthal. "He says his name is Grug."

Meela slowly opens her mouth.

"Uhh... kyaaaargh... Grug?"

She drawls slowly, finding it hard to put her thoughts into words.

"Yes! Grug! And your name is Meela. We know because your friends told us."

The Kessu babbles excitedly, like a child trying to please his parents. As the Kessu talks, the Neanderthal gently pets his head, weaving his hands through the cat's fur.

"Ook, uck, grok. Grug."

"Yes, Grug! And I love you too! We all do!"

Meela flicks her eyes around the room. Its relatively plain exterior reveals no clues about its location or function.

"Whurr... whurr am I?"

"Oh! So sorry to confuse you!" The Kessu says. "I'm Little Nyoor! Me and my family live underground, along with our friend, Grug! We had to sedate you temporarily, but we'll let you up once you understand the full situation. See, it's _kind of_ a long story, but there's a lot of rotten history between our people, and Grug here is the key to solving all of our problems!"

The young kitten, perhaps twelve years old, holds a lot of pep in his step. His excitability rubs off on Meela somewhat, making her dizzy.

"I... see..."

A minute later, Little Nyoor and Grug step aside, causing Meela to raise her eyes in shock as Pira and a small group of other Kraktol cadets casually walk into the room.

"Oh, so you're the next one," Pira says, chuckling at her captive sister. "The rest of us were sedated too, but we woke up shortly afterward. Sister, do I have a story to tell you..."

"Can you believe there's a whole colony of Kessu hidden three miles under Tarus II's surface?" Asks one of the other Kraktol. "Never had any idea! And that Rockfist... I can't believe him! I always thought he was a fine and upstanding Kraktol!"

"What's... going on?" Meela asks, even more confused than before. "The Kessu... they're your friends?"

"Not at first, but after learning the _truth_, we've changed our minds," Pira says. "Here, let me help you sit up. You'll want to have your brain fully engaged for this next part."

..................................

_Tarus II, above the planet's orbit._

Commander Rockfist paces back and forth across the Scaled Eye's bridge. His blue scales appear duller than usual, owing in part to his anxious mood.

When one of his lieutenants approaches, Rockfist immediately snaps his eyes in her direction. "Report!"

"Kyargh. I am sorry, Commander. We have searched the forest for weeks, but there's still no sign of the cadets."

"Don't give me that shrakh! Pira's group graduated top of their class! Graugh! How could they all fall to the Terran? One, two, maybe even three, I might expect. The rest should have survived once they realized their prey was stronger than they anticipated."

"I... I do not know," The lieutenant says, bowing her head shamefully. "We have sent down multiple assault teams, yet we could not find any meaningful trails. It is as if the Terran and our cadets have vanished into thin air."

Rockfist eyes his lieutenant frostily. 

"Do you think such an answer will satisfy the Thülvik? Even if Kisa Kindris does not rip off our heads, General Fur-Crusher will! That Rodak has been hounding me for years! She would love to see my pet project fail."

"I... I have no excuses..." The lieutenant says. "Forgive me, Commander Rockfist. We kept a close eye on the cadets. One of them went missing before they entered the forest, but the rest never came out. We scanned the area several times, but their bio-signs seemingly vanished from existence."

The Commander falls silent. A look of worry enters his eyes.

"Hmm. Perhaps... one of our enemies has intervened. But who? The Dakkit? One of the Avaru? Graugh! I do not like the smell of this operation. Someone is scheming, I can sense it!"

A few minutes later, as Rockfist waits for more news, a hail appears on his comm-screen.

"Sir," says one of the surface-troopers. "Good news! We found the cadets! All ten of them! They're alive and well!"

Rockfist practically jumps out of his scales. "What? They are? Good, that is excellent news! And what of the Neanderthal?"

"Still no word! Kyargh! My team is investigating. It seems Pira sneaked off in the middle of the night to try and hunt the human alone. As for the rest, they entered the forest to search for her, but failed to find anything. They never encountered the Neanderthal."

"They didn't?" Rockfist asks.

"No, sir. They did not."

Several seconds pass.

The Commander narrows his eyes. A creeping worry appears in the back of his head. However, unable to fully articulate his feelings, he merely nods.

"...I see. Send them back to the ship. I will investigate these recruits properly myself. Pira's dereliction of duty and abandonment of her team is bad enough, but the others did successfully survive on the surface, and for longer than we originally intended."

"Yes, Commander. Kyargh! I will send them back to the ship at once!"

The comm-line falls silent, leaving Rockfist with his thoughts.

"...Pira left in the middle of the night, alone? That makes no sense. She was supposed to be an excellent leader with a sense of camaraderie. Why would she abandon her team to seek out individual credits? Did she really believe so highly in her skills that she wished to hunt the Terran alone?"

Unable to answer these questions nagging at the back of his mind, Rockfist finally shakes his head.

"I will grill that cadet myself. She is up to something!"

...

Two hours later, the cadet shuttle arrives in the Scaled Eye's singular hangar bay. Rockfist personally shows up to greet the returning cadets, along with his head researcher, Gonjina. 

"Welcome back, recruits..." Rockfist says gruffly, as the ten Kraktol students depart the shuttle. "You all seem to be in good health, yet you failed to kill the Neanderthal."

Pira steps forward. She balls her claws into a fist and slaps it against her chest.

"Kyargh! I was the original leader of this expedition. I broke off from the others, seeking to enrich my own glory. I intended to capture and kill the Terran myself. As the leader, I bear sole responsibility for our mission's failure. Please punish me, and not the others!"

"Mmm. I see..." Rockfist says, feeling slightly better. "So you broke off from the others due to arrogance? I never took you for the type. Graugh! The rest of you, I must confess the truth. Your job was never to kill the Terran, but to survive for a week with him hunting you. Since all of you have returned, safe and sound, you have all passed my test. Even better, you lasted for far longer than I originally intended. We have found evidence of multiple slain beasts, all of them defeated with crude weaponry. I am sure you have feasted well, judging by your plump figures."

The other cadets proudly lift their heads. "Yes, Commander!"

"Good. Then all of you may leave except for Pira. I will speak to her alone regarding her dereliction of duty."

The other nine cadets nod. They split apart in unison and file out of the hangar, leaving Pira alone with Commander Rockfist and Gonjina.

""Did you truly not encounter the Terran?" Gonjina asks. As the head researcher, the one who personally cloned the Neanderthal, she retains plenty of interest in his performance.

"...I didn't want to say it in front of the others," Pira says, while fidgeting. "But yes. I did observe the Neanderthal on several occasions. I believe he baited me away from the others, trying to draw me out by my lonesome. However, due to my arrogance, I believed that I could kill him alone, and thus left the others by themselves. I bear full responsibility for our failure to catch him."

"Your true goal was only to survive on Tarus II," Rockfist says, folding his claws behind his back. His crocodilian tail swishes from left to right, revealing the thoughts brooding within his mind. "In that sense, you succeeded splendidly. Zero deaths. Not bad for a test run of my new experiment. However! Had anyone died, their lives would have hung on your conscience!"

For a brief moment, an odd emotion flickers within Pira's eyes. It disappears, and she shrugs.

"That is true. However, my solo journey was not fruitless. I discovered something which may interest you, Commander Rockfist."

"Oh? And that would be...?" Rockfist asks.

Pira reaches into the folds of her uniform. She pulls out a small, rectangular device, something which fits comfortably in the palm of her claws. Its smooth, black surface makes it appear like a perfectly cut obsidian crystal.

Pira hesitates, as if debating whether or not she should reveal it to her Commander.

Rockfist frowns. "What is that, cadet? Show me!"

He leans forward to get a better look at the object. Suddenly, before he can react, Pira jumps into action! She pounces at the Commander like a tiger, pressing the black object against his chest.

_KZZAT!_

A powerful burst of electricity erupts from the strange device, instantly knocking Rockfist out cold. Gonjina, momentarily frightened, freezes up in surprise, allowing Pira to pounce at her next!

"Aaiee!" Gonjina cries!

_KZZAT!_

She, too, falls unconscious as the electrical blast takes her out.

Moments later, alarms blare across every deck on the Scaled Eye. All of the fifty Kraktol officers and engineers onboard jump out of their seats in surprise, as a synthmind's voice speaks.

"**Attention. All crew to battle stations. Infiltrators and saboteurs have come aboard the Scaled Eye. Arm yourselves and deal with the hostiles- ALERT! Multiple ion drive signatures detected on Tarus II's surface. Unknown vessels have begun their approach. Red-level emergency. This is not a drill.**"

Several seasoned officers curse as the cadets brought back from the surface turn on them! Despite numbering only ten, they possess the element of surprise. Some of them attach electronic-warfare devices to the Scaled Eye's digital circuitry, while others climb inside automated combat armor and block their fellow officers from entering the armory to better equip themselves.

The cadets turn the ship's internal defenses against the rest of the crew. Armed with Kessu hacking devices, they sabotage their older and more elite superiors' efforts, allowing a Kessu craft to approach and land inside the hangar bays, where three dozen kitty-cat commandos jump out and spread into the surroundings.

"Mraww!" Shouts Little Nyoor. "Knock them out! No killing! Grug will not be happy if we hurt anyone!"

Five hours later, the vessel falls silent. All fifty of the Kraktol;s senior officers lay in neat rows, bound and unconscious, while their Kessu guards take up posts in the vicinity to keep watch over them.

From the Kessu's invading vessel, a single biped steps out. Standing six feet tall, he towers over the Kessu present, though not so much the Kraktol cadets.

Those cadets all drop to one knee and bow before him.

"Graugh! Kyargh! Precursor! We bow before your might! We shall fight for you!"

Grug slowly walks past the rows of unconscious Kraktol. He shoots a suspicious look at Little Nyoor.

"Ook. Ugg, ugg. Grok!"

The cat flicks his ears. "No, no! We didn't kill any of the Kraktol! Promise! They're all alive! We may have broken a few bones by accident, but those injuries aren't hard to fix!"

"Ugg."

Grug marches to the front of the ship. He settles down in the Commander's seat, while his Kessu allies fan out to take over all of the ship's stations. Despite the Kraktol's cyber defenses, none of them pose any challenge for the technically-minded Kessu to overcome.

Grug raises his fist.

"Okka, lomp! Gonk, lomp! Waka, grok!"

_Scales are friends. Furred are friends. We are all friends._

The Kessu cheer their savior's name.

"All hail Big Grug! No more wars! No more fighting! Only unity and friendship!"

Pira stands off to the side, along with her nine peers.

"Have we made the right choice, allying with the Neanderthal?" Stormjaw asks.

"Of course," Pira says. "He represents a new future for the galaxy."