Chapter 86: Hollow Man

Strange scenes begin to take place aboard the Bloodbearer in the hours after the Admiral's onslaught. After causing all of the Mallali to flee and slaying nearly all of his enemies in the local airspace, the area around Veter's orbit becomes oddly silent.

With so much blood and gore spread across the Bloodbearer's interior, the surviving crewmembers suffer untold trauma. Not only must they walk amidst the fallen bodies of their comrades, but the ruptured remains of their enemies, too.

Luckily, the Admiral possesses a certain amount of foresight. Using his newly enhanced psionic powers, the Admiral installs a set of operating directives into the brains of every captured Dakkit, Kraktol, and Avaru. He forces their minds into a state of compliance, turning them into conscripted janitors.

Unable to control their movements, these makeshift crew-members shuffle about, cleaning up the remains of their exploded comrades while also hauling thousands of Kessu and Kraktol bodies into the Bloodbearer's hangar bay, its biggest interior section across the entire ship. Any corpses which don't belong to the Bloodbearer's crew get tossed into a pile on one of the holodecks, providing a quick meal and a boost of energy for the Admiral.

José himself, far busier than ever in his life, gets to work ripping apart entire Mallali battleships, fleet carriers, and capitol-class dreadnoughts. With over one thousand vessels left behind, he obtains plenty of untouched, prime-grade starship metals to re-plate and repair the Bloodbearer's exterior. Using his psionic powers, he rips the Mallali fleet to shreds while using their remains to wholly rebuild the Bloodbearer. He performs the work of entire starship crews all on his own, only pausing every so often to return to the Bloodbearer and feed upon his enemy's remains.

Soren, likewise, tends to Grundle and the other injured, bringing them back to the world of the living. Despite not being much of a doctor, she can still provide them with some emotional support while also working to repair the Bloodbearer's interior systems.

After two full days, the Admiral lands on the Bloodbearer's exterior. He controls a giant welding robot remotely, manipulating its huge welding tool with his psionic powers to slap another piece of armored alloy onto his ship's top-most deck.

"Admiral," Soren says, transmitting her words to his cerebral augment through Umi's communication relay. "I've... found the saboteur."

José pauses his welding. His expression turns to ice. He replies telepathically, transmitting his words through his implant.

"Show me."

A moment later, Soren transmits a series of images to his mind.

"This is the Kessu who betrayed us. He snuck inside the Bloodbearer's utility access lines and cut through several critical power cables. He also stole several command codes through means I've not yet identified, and used them to power down Umi's internal defenses."

The Admiral gnashes his teeth.

"That... that little shitstain. Skippy, huh? I recognize him. I saw him talking to Lele in the past. I remember thinking he was a bit of a creep, but this... this is a new low. He sold out his entire goddamn species."

"I recovered a full minute of transmitted video from the files you brought back from that one Mallali capitol ship. It shows Skippy bargaining for his life in exchange for declawing the Bloodbearer. Do you want to watch it?"

"No." José replies. "I know his type. I can already guess what he'd say. It looks like we have another target to hit, in addition to the Alfras."

"Yes," Soren says. "Also... your, uhm, prisoners... they've finished lining up the dead inside the hangar. All the missing crew are accounted for, except for Skippy."

"I see. Gather the survivors in the hangar bay," José says. "I'll be there in thirty minutes."

"Yes, Admiral." Soren replies.

...

The next thirty minutes pass like lightning. José continues rebuilding the Bloodbearer's exterior, patching it up as best as he can. Eventually, he stops his work and flies back inside the ship, stopping by the holodeck for a quick Mallali-snack. He re-energizes his psionic abilities, as well as his Kolvaxian cells, then pauses to wipe his forehead. He observes his appearance in a deckplate's reflection, grimacing at the mossy-coloration of his skin.

"Tsk. My new abilities are certainly convenient... but it feels as if I will turn into something ghoulish if I keep this up. I can't keep using my new powers willy-nilly... not until I find out my safety limits. The last thing I want is to turn into a full-blooded Kolvaxian."

Nodding to himself, the Admiral exits the holodeck to travel to the Bloodbearer's hangar bay.

During his walk, he passes a few of the several-hundred captured Mallali operatives as they mop and scrub the Bloodbearer's corridors. Like zombies, these fellows mechanically work without rest, cleaning and repairing anything their eyes glance at.

The Admiral pauses at one point. He spots a Dakkit wearing a pair of raggedy blue overalls. The wolf-like sentient's expression appears dead-eyed and miserable, as if he longs for death.

"Look at you..." José mutters, just loud enough for the prisoner to hear. "You look like you want to die. Humiliating, isn't it? All you can do is scrub, scrub, and scrub some more. Your paws look like they've blistered nicely. Even better, you're completely conscious and aware of your actions. I wonder how many of my Kessu have spit in your face?"

The Terran laughs cruelly. "Hehe. That's a good sight. A real good sight. Keep up the good work, mutt. If you're lucky, your body might die of exhaustion. And guess what happens after that?"

He licks his lips while leaning in to look at his prisoner's face.

"You'll become a snack for me. Your soul will never know rest. You'll suffer eternally for what you've done. A fitting end for the likes of you. And yet, still, not nearly enough to pay for your crimes."

The Admiral gurgles in his throat, causing the mindless Dakkit drone to shiver. As he walks away, a flicker of panic flashes across the Dakkit's face.

Sadly, the fellow cannot escape his mental shackles.

The Terran has made sure of that.

...

Admiral Rodriguez arrives in the hangar. An assortment of Kessu, as well as a handful of Kraktol, sit in hoverchairs or on boxes, waiting for his arrival. Soren stands before them, though not Grundle, given he has yet to fully recover from his injuries. Behind her, on the hangar bay's deck, lay thousands of Kessu and Kraktol bodies, all covered up in white sheets to preserve their dignity.

"Admiral." Soren says, nodding at José as he walks toward her.

"First Officer Mudrose," He replies back.

The Admiral stops by his First Officer's side. He examines her expression, noting the dark lines under her eyes. She appears exhausted, as if she hasn't slept since her return to the Bloodbearer two days before.

"You should get some rest," José says.

"You, first." She replies.

The Admiral grunts. He turns his attention to the assembled crew. In addition to the twenty-something Kessu who holed up inside the Armory, an additional twenty survivors, found scattered across the Bloodbearer, often in miserable condition, appear among their numbers.

Seeing the once-thriving crew of his ship in such a sorry state, the Admiral pauses for a moment to steady his mind.

"Everyone."

He pauses.

"...I am sorry. For everything."

The Kessu listen in silence, as do their surviving Kraktol brethren. Unlike the mind-shackled Kraktol currently cleaning up the Bloodbearer, these remaining few crocs make up the only survivors of the Bloodbearer's original Kraktol crew, numbering merely five in total.

José continues. "I am your Admiral, and yet, I have failed you. I stoked the Mallali's greed. I assumed that if they were to show up, looking for trouble, I could deal with them handily. I treated them as if they posed no threat, and in doing so... I created this disaster. I am the one who killed all of your family members. If you hate me, I do not blame you."

These words cause the Admiral's throat to momentarily lock up. He swallows a few times to unclench his muscles before continuing.

"I... cannot undo what has happened. Nobody can. Changing the past is impossible. Therefore, there is only one thing left for us to do. We must look to the future, and we must rebuild. We must not repeat the mistakes of the past. We must learn from what has happened to ensure it will never happen again."

The Admiral casts his gaze across all of the Kessu.

"Your species will soon become extinct. The few of you who remain will not last more than two or three generations before inbreeding reaches fatalistic levels. There are likely a few thousand Kessu trapped in slavery across the Milky Way. A primary goal for us moving forward will be to liberate these poor felines and add them to our crew. Even so, that will not allow your species to thrive, only to survive."

The Admiral gestures toward the rows upon rows of covered bodies behind him, each sheet telling the story of a lost friend or family member.

"I have thought about what to do in a situation like this. Frankly, I have debated ways of bringing back my people, the Terrans. However, I do not believe it is my right to do so, especially when it could cause another extinction event across the entire galaxy. Until I have determined the reason behind humanity's demise, I will not attempt to bring my people back. However, that does not mean I will not use the methods I've contemplated to save your species."

Ruuki lifts his head. "Mraww. What do you mean, Admiral? I don't understand."

"Simple. I will begin cloning the Kessu to revitalize your species," José says. "It is time for your people to step out of the darkness. You have suffered terribly, and have long since paid off whatever ancient debts once maligned you."

José gestures toward one of the Kessu survivors, a surprising and unexpected face Baaru found amid a pile of bodies just two days previous.

"I spoke to Science Officer Lorrie yesterday on this matter. Lorrie. Would you be so kind?"

A black-furred Kessu in a hoverchair slowly levitates forward. She stops next to José, yet barely even looks at him. Instead, she turns her chair around and keeps her attention locked on the other Kessu.

"...To combat the effects of genetic drift, I will be working with the Precursor to genetically engineer Kessu clones. We will not be directly cloning those who have fallen. As such a practice maligns the will of the Wind Mother, we will instead create randomized DNA samples from ourselves and our lost friends and family. Clones are not a replacement for those who have entered the Great Beyond. No matter how much we wish it, we cannot clone the ones we love to keep them alive forever."

Many of the Kessu's ears fall flat. They become dismayed, and their hearts tear in half as they hear the confirmation of several discussions they've had.

None of the dead can simply be brought back through cloning. Doing so would only result in lookalikes of those who perished, yet their memories, thoughts, and souls would end up wholly different.

Lorrie continues explaining the Admiral's future plans in a voice both monotone and sorrowful. She holds back her emotions, speaking purely with logic.

In the end, she sighs.

"We will save our species, and it won't take long. However, those who have died will never again walk the realm of the living. Rejoice that we have survived, but never forget those who have perished."

The Admiral nods. "Thank you, Science Officer, Lorrie."

The Kessu female doesn't look at him once. She merely hovers back to her original position, then lowers her eyes, unwilling to meet the Admiral's gaze.

José pauses for a few moments, quietly taking in her silence.

_Lorrie blames me for Lele's death._ José thinks. _How can I fault her, when I also blame myself? Lele was like a daughter to me. She was Lorrie's favorite niece, her protégé. With Lele gone, Lorrie must feel broken and despondent._

José glances at Ruuki. The tiger-striped Kessu holds his youngest daughter, Lulu, in his arms. The baby kitten doesn't make a sound. She merely stares ahead, silently.

Admiral Rodriguez clears his throat.

"Of course, saving the Kessu isn't enough. We have suffered too much to let bygones be bygones. Over the past two days, I've spoken to all of you in private. I know your thoughts, and you know mine. So, let's cut to the chase."

He continues. "We will not allow the Mallali to slip from our grasp. Right now, the ones who took our happiness from us are escaping at warp speed. They intend to hide from us, to gather their power, and to return, finishing us off in one strike."

José forces a wry grin, a toothy smile that speaks of his inner malice.

"Heh heh heh... unfortunately for them, we are not cattle waiting for the butcher's knife to meet our necks. We are Ramma's Chosen. We will surprise our attackers. We will overcome them. Shatter them. _Break them_. And in the end... slaughter them. We will unleash upon them ten thousand times the horrors they have unleashed upon us. And in doing so..."

His grin fades.

"...Only then will our loved ones sleep soundly in the Great Beyond."

After concluding his speech, the Admiral nods and walks away. Soren follows after him, eventually matching his stride as she falls into position beside him.

"That was a... good speech, José."

The Admiral sighs. "Thank you."

"Lorrie will forgive you, eventually," Soren says. "She just needs time."

"I don't want her forgiveness," The Admiral mutters. "I want Lele back."

"We all do." Soren says.

The two of them continue walking. After exiting the hangar bay, Soren pipes up.

"Grundle is going to wake up in a few weeks. Umi has finished scanning and repairing the injured parts of his brain. Physical therapy to restore his movement will require about a year, but after that, he should return to his original condition. He'll have a nasty scar across his chest and back, but... that's a small price to pay. Terran medical engineering is nothing short of miraculous."

"Yes. It's quite good." José affirms, nodding gruffly.

Soren glances at her Admiral, then looks away. She repeats this movement three or four times, her expression anxious.

"José, I know you've been having a hard time, but... you don't have to repair the Bloodbearer by yourself. The Kessu-"

"They don't need to help," José says. "I'll handle it. I've plenty of cadavers to refill my energy. If I run out, I can grab some animals from Veter's surface."

"This isn't only your job," Soren says, her tone more firm than before. "You shouldn't do everything yourself. You think you're giving the survivors time to heal while you do all the work, but all you're doing is making them feel guilty. They want to help, José. Right now, all they do is sit around and wallow in their misery. A bit of work would give them something to focus their minds on."

The Admiral pauses his walking. He stops a short distance before a pair of Dakkit, both of whom work on cleaning up the last patches of dried blood in their designated hallway space.

"Do you think the Kessu should return to work so soon after losing 99% of their species?" José asks. "They need time to cope. To dwell on the past and remember their fallen."

"And what about you?" Soren asks. "Are you going to work yourself to the bone?"

"No," José says. "I only have one goal right now. I want to make the Bloodbearer spaceworthy again. Once I repair the exterior and you repair the warp core, we will enter Inverted Space. At that point, time won't be an issue anymore."

"Fine, fair enough," Soren says, crossing her arms. "But what about... these... _things?_ These mindless drones? José, you've always waxed philosophical about the horrors of slavery, yet what you're doing to these captured soldiers goes against everything you've told me before. Not only that, but seeing the monsters walking about who killed their family is only stressing the Kessu further."

José glances at the two nearby Dakkit.

"Don't worry. They won't be around forever. Hell, they won't be around much longer. Once they've served their purpose... I'll dispose of them."

"That's not my point. José, don't you think you're betraying your convictions?" Soren asks. "Kyargh! I'm not saying you shouldn't enslave the Dakkit. I'm not saying we shouldn't get revenge against the Dakkit. I'm only saying... it feels as if you're betraying yourself. Your morality."

The Admiral's eyes turn to steel.

"That's right, Soren. _I am_. From the very beginning, I never wanted to become a part of this galaxy's politics. I never wanted to take part in their petty squabbles, their power-games. They came to me. They took the fight to _me._ Since they're so desperate to awaken my wrath... then so be it. They'll get what they deserve."

He turns to face the Dakkit drones.

"Once upon a time, I'd never have entertained treating anyone like this. Not my enemies, and certainly not prisoners. But... maybe I've been too kind. Too naïve. That's why the Mallali were able to attack us. I assumed the best of people I knew to be genuine monsters. Now... I only want these prisoners to suffer."

Soren frowns. "You're... acting strange, José."

The Admiral waves away her concern.

"No. I'm finally acting decisively. No more forgiveness, and no more mercy. Now is the time for action. Are you going to stand there and chide me, or are you going to assist me? I thought you said you'd always follow my orders?"

Soren rubs her tired eyes.

"Of course, José. Since the very beginning, I swore I'd do whatever you commanded. I want to see what you will achieve. It's more important to me than anything else in the galaxy."

The Admiral glances at his First Officer meaningfully.

"...Even if that means making an enemy of the Kraktol Empire? Even if that means... exterminating them?"

Soren blinks twice.

"Yes. Although... I hope you won't go that far. Loreen Kindris commanded our people, and they followed her will. With her gone, Kisa shall become the new Thülvik. Do you hate Kisa as much as you hated Loreen? Will you make her pay the price for her mother's sins?"

José averts his eyes to gaze at the far wall.

"I don't hate Kisa, no. And I don't want to hurt her. But this is bigger than just one Kraktol. This is about... degeneration. Rot. And when it comes to a rotting foundation, it needs to be torn out by its roots."

He flicks his eyes to meet Soren's.

"Will you be able to accept any order I give? Even if it is... _extreme_?"

"Of course," Soren says, softening her voice. "And no matter what you choose, José, I will stay by your side. I won't resent you for your decision."

José purses his lips.

"You're a good friend, Soren. A good friend."

His First Officer doesn't reply. She merely lowers her eyes.

After a few moments, José pulls away.

"I want the Bloodbearer ready for warp travel within three days. Can you manage that, or do you require assistance?"

Soren shrugs. "A little help wouldn't hurt."

"Alright. I'll ask the Kessu if they can pitch in. As long as we can quickly enter Inverted Space, we won't face any time constraints, ever again."

"Very well." Soren replies.

She starts to walk away, but pauses to look at her Admiral.

"José?"

The Admiral blinks. "Yes?"

"Are you... still human?" Soren asks, ever so softly.

"I am what I am." José answers.

"I see. I'll be... heading to work, now."

"Alright." José replies.

The Bloodbearer's First Officer turns and leaves.

As she does, a weight presses upon her shoulders.

"He feels... so _different_... now."