Part 56: Kessu Legacy

Admiral Rodriguez, Soren Mudrose, and their new Kessu companion, Lorrie, all sit together and speak in hushed voices. The Terran and Kraktol sit opposite Lorrie, with the former Kessu leader rubbing her paws together uneasily as she speaks. Some distance away, many other Kraktol and Kessu mill about, continuing to scavenge the Buzor's former base, yet keeping a respectful distance from the Admiral's impromptu discussion.

"Tell me about yourself," José says. "You're a Kessu from the ancient generation, yet you still possess your memories. Why weren't they wiped along with the other Kessu? Why are you working with the Buzor? Why are you working with a Demon Emperor like Yama?"

The black-furred Kessu licks her paw absentmindedly. "All of your questions have one simple answer. I didn't have a choice or a say in the matter, mister Terran. The Kessu are no longer a free people, but captives slaving away at the behest of the Buzor. We've had no choice but to do as they ordered... until you showed up. No longer does the former glory of the Kessu shine in our eyes, nor can it. We suffered a betrayal, one which, in hindsight, we fully deserved, yet one which still pains me to this day."

José's eyebrows jump in surprise. "You're not working for the Buzor... willingly?"

"We aren't," Lorrie mutter, shaking her head slowly. "Three thousand years ago, the Kessu were, in every sense of the word, the leaders of the Milky Way. We enjoyed tremendous prestige, controlled all the levers of power, and possessed most of the Precursors' cutting-edge technology. However, because of our glory, we also began to accumulate enemies. We oppressed the other Sentients, and in doing so, painted blood-red targets on our backs. I've spent the last two thousand years atoning for my sins. Few of my friends remain from the pre-captivity era. The rest died to old age and disease. Not even the Precursor life-extension methods could allow them to live as long as me. I haven't a clue if I am lucky or unlucky to have survived this long."

Soren presses her claws together. "I always thought the Kessu left the galactic scene to live peacefully on Tarus II for spiritual or religious reasons. Never did I imagine you were actually captured and taken here by force. How did such a politically influential and technologically superior species such as yourselves fall to mere political backroom dealings?"

Lorrie's ears fall flat. "I became my people's leader some 2,500 years ago, during the height of our reign. For much of that time, all seemed to go well. We continued exploring, innovating, and inventing, all without a care in the world. However, due to my arrogance and conceit, I failed to notice the coming of a new era; the swelling of discontent boiling beneath my feet. Long displeased by the Kessu's reign, the Dakkit sought to undermine our rule. They formed alliances with the other Sentients in secret while looking for an opportunity to overthrow us. That is when the Buzor entered the picture."

Gesturing at the facility around her, Lorrie continues. "The Buzor located this world, Tarus II. Previously undiscovered by other Sentients, it was a world rich in Precursor ruins and artifacts. The Buzor, however, were largely ignorant and technologically illiterate. They could not make use of the artifacts present here, yet knew well enough that, given time, we Kessu would likely stumble upon this planet and seize its resources for ourselves. Thus, they made a proposal to the Dakkit, one which secretly benefitted them greatly..."

José's eyebrows shoot up. "Let me guess. They would 'take care' of you, allowing the Dakkit to seize power."

"Meow! Exactly right!" Lorrie says, squeezing her eyes shut. She presses her paws against her ears and shakes her head furiously. "It all happened so fast, I barely even had time to react! I was discussing some unimportant matter with a pair of top-level Kessu executives when the Dakkit suddenly stormed into my chamber and arrested all of us! We protested and threatened them, but they knocked us unconscious and threw us aboard a transport ship. All across the galaxy, this scenario played out, with the Dakkit and Avaru and all the other Sentients arresting us and labeling the Kessu as dissidents."

"By the time we realized what was happening, it was too late. We could no longer offer any resistance. Some Kessu escaped, only for the other Sentients to hunt them down and execute them. Guerilla forces surged and fell. The Dakkit gave us to the Buzor, all too happy to watch us wallow in misery. However, those stupid, short-sighted fools never came to realize just how cunning and deceptive the Buzor truly were! They never fathomed the depths a Buzor's shamelessness could reach, and thus, they stopped paying attention to our plight."

Lorrie sighs deeply. While she takes a moment to collect her thoughts, Soren lightly massages her crocodilian throat. "I see. At this point, I can guess what happened. The Buzor secretly shipped the Kessu to Tarus II and forced you to deconstruct and hide the Precursor artifacts, then instated this world as a 'prison colony' for the Kessu. The rest of the galaxy eventually forgot about you, leaving you to suffer mind-wipes and enslavement in the Buzor's clutches."

"That... is right!" Lorrie affirms. "Some of the details aren't quite right, but those hardly matter now. What does matter is the fact that my people have suffered as a result of our predecessors. We deserved the punishment we suffered, yet even so... I cannot rest easy. The Buzor have secretly solidified their power over the past two millennia. It won't be long before they strike at the galaxy's Core, wiping their enemies off the map! And it's all thanks to that Demon Emperor."

José slowly nods. His mind rapidly slides dozens of puzzle pieces into place, allowing him to fit everything into the bigger picture.

"I think I understand, now. Warpgates were originally created by the Volgrim. However, they gave the access keys to humanity's greatest enemy, the Demons. In doing so, the Volgrim gave demonkind a method to travel from the mortal realm to Hell, all so they could increase their fighting power inside solidified bunkers where humanity couldn't reach them. Even so, we fought back and eventually crushed the demons. It's just..."

The Admiral hesitates. He shakes his head in annoyance. "I always assumed humanity _destroyed_ the Warpgates, along with Hell itself. Who could know both had endured after all this time? Did our leaders lie to us?"

"I have spoken to Yama on several occasions," Lorrie says. "He is a vile creature who made many predatory moves on me. He lusted after me, always telling me I would eventually become his servant. Even so, he never converted me to one of his Shades, since that would anger the Buzor. During our 'friendly chats,' he would often discuss the past with nostalgia. According to him, the Precursors _claimed_ they annihilated the Labyrinth of Hell down to its elementary particles via the usage of Trifrancium, but he did later discover that was a lie. In secret, the Precursors kept the Labyrinth around as a secret base of operations for certain militaristic factions."

She continues. "Mraaaaw... likewise, the Precursors did not destroy the Warpgates. Instead, they turned them into a transdimensional travel network. They used the Warpgates only for the most top-secret of missions. After all, any Warpgate can connect to another, provided one knows the target's spatial vectors. Beyond that, it is merely a matter of performing the necessary calculations before they will connect. Yama himself could not perform the necessary quantum math, nor could the Buzor... but _we_ could. We Kessu were plenty advanced to achieve such a feat. And so, that led to the reason behind our enslavement."

Admiral Rodriguez's face scrunches up in disgust. "So they _did_ lie to me. To all of us. Did I really fight for a noble cause?"

"I am not the one who can answer that question," Lorrie says, shrugging helplessly. "Even after all of my unwanted discussions with Yama, he never spoke the true name of Terrankind. I suspect he wanted your species to fade from living memory, forever."

José glances to the side, where his Kessu subordinates hustle back and forth, lugging around equipment in preparation to return to the surface.

"Has Yama fled through the Warpgate?"

Lorrie nods. "Undoubtedly."

"I see," José mutters. "Then there's no point in remaining here. I doubt we'll be able to scavenge anything from this facility more advanced than what I have aboard the Bloodbearer. I must continue pursuing the Emperor of Shadows, yet I haven't a clue where he might be. It seems that, in order to hunt him down, I'll need to acquire the assistance of the other Sentients."

Lorrie and Soren both fall silent. They glance at one another uneasily and shake their heads.

"Admiral, I must object," Soren says. "That won't work. The Mallali are too complacent. They will fear taking any risks that might upset the balance of power. If we were to reveal to them Yama or the Warpgates' existences, I believe that they would throw you out and seek to placate the Buzor. They would not even attempt to hunt Yama down. In their eyes, he is but a single being, unimportant and unlikely to threaten them."

"Yama's threat level is not a terribly huge problem at the moment," José says, surprising Soren with his admission. "However, while his individual strength might not be enough to conquer the galaxy, his ability to convert others into unfailingly loyal subjects is a weapon the Sentients of this era cannot counter. As well, we must consider the knowledge he possesses. By Terran standards, I am not particularly old, but Yama has existed for well over a hundred million years, and that doesn't count the entirety of Terrankind's galactic dominance, or the eras of strife where we rose to power, and even before then! He is so ancient that I cannot even begin to fathom his existence."

"With a heretic like that skulking about the galaxy... I must go to any length to destroy him!"

José rises to his feet. A look of determination smolders in his eyes for a moment before dissipating.

"I may be the last Terran, but it is still my solemn duty to eliminate demonkind from the mortal realm. Yama is a foe too terrifying for the current Milky Way's inhabitants to overcome. His treacherous words are like worms wriggling in the ears of those who give him heed. Already, he has wrapped his blackened fingers around the throats of the Buzor's leaders. If I perish, he will continue to expand his influence until he seizes control of all the levers of power, leading the galaxy into an era of darkness."

Shaking his head, José smiles. He gently pats Lorrie's shoulder. "You have suffered tremendously. Your actions, and those of your predecessors, were certainly vile, but you have paid for your crimes tens of times over. I cannot, in good conscience, foist any further punishment upon you. Are you willing to return to my ship and live among your fellow Kessu?"

Lorrie exhales. "I would like nothing more than to live the rest of my days in peace, great Precursor."

"Good. Your fellow scientists were taken by the Buzor during their flight, and thus, remain in captivity. I offer my solemn vow to free them from their bondage. Not only shall I kill Yama, but I will also punish those who participated in his evil. The Buzor must _pay_ for their barbarity."

Lorrie rises to her feet, as does Soren. José's Second Officer nods at her Admiral with a satisfied smile. "What are your orders, Admiral?"

"Finish clearing out this facility. Once we leave, I will bombard this mountain from space and bury the base for the foreseeable future. Then, we will begin our journey to the Core. With Drall assisting us, we need only seek an audience with the Mallali and Avaru to procure enough soldiers to complete my goal."

José flicks his eyes around the room.

"...Speaking of which, where _is_ Drall?"

Soren follows her Admiral's gaze. "I do not know. Last I saw, we left him with Megla..."

"Hm. Let's go look for him," José says. "We're about done here, anyway."

The Terran and his Second Officer start to walk toward the crowd of other Kraktol and Kessu. Hardly has José taken a step before he pauses mid-motion, frowning.

Inside the Terran's head, Umi speaks.

[**Admiral Rodriguez. I have important information regarding Lord Drall of which I must inform you.**]

Despite the synthmind's monotone voice, lacking all emotion, something about her choice of words catches the Admiral's attention.

[Yes? Go on.]

.......................................

Lord Drall and Gorlax Stormfang travel surreptitiously, keeping their heads lowered as they intermix with the other Kraktol and Kessu. Every so often, they split apart and casually stroll through the crowd, exchanging knowing glances with their most loyal and trusted subordinates.

_Good, good..._ Lord Drall thinks, as he nods at one of the First Group's Kraktol soldiers. The young warrior nods back after flicking an uneasy glance in Admiral Rodriguez's direction, then he presses his gun a little closer to his chest.

_Of the nearly one-thousand Kraktol who came with me, it seems that just over four hundred of them still remain loyal to their Thülvik. Graugh! To think that three hundred would compromise their integrity for a chance to serve at the Terran's feet. Counting those we lost in the earlier battles, a little less than half of my children have become enamored with Admiral Rodriguez._

With only seven hundred Kraktol remaining, more than two hundred and fifty perished while fighting the Buzor. Lord Drall barely gives them any thought, seeing as how none of them were of any close relations to him.

_The Kessu will surely side with their Admiral. That means the number of troops still loyal to the Thülvik will be severely outgunned. Hmm. I need to think of a way to tip the power balance in my favor. Once we leave this facility, I'll lose my chance at eliminating the Precursor and seizing his vessel._

Lord Drall tilts his head slightly. Not far away, a red-scaled Kraktol, Megla, catches his attention.

_Megla is the Bloodbearer's second-in-command. That means if the Precursor perishes, she will possess his ship's control codes. Perhaps I should take some time to remind her of her family ties..._

A callous smirk wiggles its way onto Drall's face, but he quickly hides it before approaching his daughter.

"Megla! Graugh, my daughter. What do you make of all this?"

Having spoken to her a little while ago regarding the Warpgates, Drall decides to focus his attention on small talk. Megla, meanwhile, gazes into the distance absentmindedly.

"Hm? About what, father?"

"This facility, the Buzor situation..." Drall replies, casually gesturing with his claws. He squeezes his daughter's shoulder affectionately, exposing a toothy smile while he speaks. "It has shaken me to my core! Why, I cannot believe the Kessu, once the feared leaders of the galaxy, would stoop so low as to work alongside the Buzor."

"Mmm. Yes, father, it does seem like an odd choice," Megla says. "You were alive two thousand years ago, weren't you?"

Drall nods. "Indeed, as was the Thülvik. However, given our position as slaves at the time, we knew nothing of these matters."

"That's too bad," Megla says, sighing. She plops down on an ammunition crate, shaking her head despondently. "We couldn't capture the Demon Emperor, and now he's escaped off-world. I can't help but feel frustrated for the Admiral."

Drall takes a seat beside his daughter. "This search for the Shadow Emperor seems oddly personal to your Terran friend. He always talks about his 'duty,' but his pursuit seems more to me like fanaticism."

Several seconds pass before Megla replies. "I don't know. Maybe."

"Is something wrong?" Drall asks. "You seem a bit moodier than usual. You can talk to me about whatever's on your mind, you know. Your father is quite the good listener."

"Well..." Megla mutters, hesitating before speaking. "It's just... I don't know what to do after we leave, or where to go. I've been following the Admiral for months now, ever since he killed Orgon. At first, I felt nothing but hostility for him, but then my opinion changed and we started growing closer... but then I _let him down_, and now... we barely talk anymore. He spends much more time with Soren than me."

Lord Drall nods slowly while maintaining a passive expression. However, a savage gleam appears in his eye.

"Ah. That is unfortunate. How did you let him down, if I may ask? If it's sensitive information, you need not tell me."

Megla quickly shakes her head. "N-no, it's fine, father. I... well, maybe I shouldn't say, but..."

She pauses for several seconds, as if forcing herself to push past a mental barrier.

"Not long before you arrived, the Admiral, Soren, and I... we had to rescue a bunch of Kessu trapped beneath this mountain. Not the ones in this facility, but the villagers who escaped Orgon's initial attack and hid within a cave. That was how we discovered Yama's existence."

Megla continues speaking. She details the events that transpired after Orgon's death, finally illuminating the past in a way that her father can understand, allowing him to piece together many missing details.

"In the end, the Admiral succumbed to his wounds and... died..." Megla concludes.

"Died?" Drall asks, confusion on his face. "Do... do you mean _spiritually_? He seems to be alive and well, now."

Megla shakes her head. "No. The Admiral's body expired on the operating table. He perished, and we seemingly lost him forever. It was only due to a secret involving his Terran biology that we managed to revive him, albeit without any of the memories after his awakening."

"What? He revived from death?!" Drall asks, shock jolting his body. "Th-the Terran can return from the Great Beyond?!"

"I wish that were the case..." Megla whispers. "But it isn't. The man who walks among us now may share the same face as the Admiral, and he may even possess the same soul, but without his memories... he just isn't the same. Furthermore, Admiral Rodriguez told Soren and I that he could only revive once. If he dies in the future, he won't return again."

Chilled to the bone, Lord Drall barely manages to conceal his horrified trembling. "I... I see. He can only revive once. Just once. That... that is good."

"Good?" Megla asks, glancing at her father questioningly. "What do you mean?"

"Ah, sorry, I spoke thoughtlessly, graugh!" Drall coughs. "It is only that... returning from the grave is too terrifying a power for anyone to possess! Don't you suppose anyone who can achieve such a feat must be some sort of... abomination? Some existence reviled by the great ancestors?"

Megla shrugs. "I don't know. Perhaps."

"Haha, you poor child," Drall says, while wrapping his arm around Megla's back. He gives his daughter a light side-hug while smiling sweetly. "I understand your confusion. You know, Megla, as a warrior, you must learn to trust your instincts! Perhaps your unease regarding the Admiral is not unfounded."

"Maybe you're right..." Megla mumbles. "I don't know, father. I don't know what I should do."

"Worry not. Life is often a confusing mess of twisted alliances, backstabbings, and misunderstandings. If you should ever decide to leave the Admiral, just know that your father loves you, and there is always a place for a warrior of your caliber at my side."

Drall pauses for a moment. He gazes into the distance with a forlorn expression on his face.

"...I haven't always been the best parent, I know. I've been distant toward you, and haven't raised you the way a father should. As you know, I am a busy person, one who serves the Thülvik diligently. Still, I have paid attention to your progress over the years. I know the work you did for the Borkön was harsh and unforgiving, but it forged you into the fine Kraktol warrior you are today! Why, not long before I came here, I spoke to Loreen about you and Soren and what excellent children you were."

Megla's eyes brighten visibly. "You did? The Thülvik knows me?"

Drall pauses for a moment before nodding. "Yes, yes, indeed! We spoke about both of you, but now that I think about it... it was you who Loreen regarded most favorably. Mmm, yes, it seems the Thülvik found you to be a cunning warrior, especially given your exploits against the Dakkit fifty years ago. Serving under Orgon, you led an entire battalion to crush the Dakkit ambassador's war fleet, thus earning us much prestige. Loreen expressed her intent to bring you to the homeworld where you could serve as an honored leader!"

The more Drall talks, the more agitated Megla becomes. "I... I never imagined the Thülvik even knew my name! That's great! Kyargh!"

Drall soothingly strokes his daughter's back. "Yes, yes, and in good time, I do hope you'll return, bringing with you tremendous prestige. However, you still have an important role to play, my beloved daughter. Regarding the Terran, I think you should continue to remain at his side. Trust is a difficult thing to earn, and the Terran certainly favors you in the same way as the Thülvik does. There is no need to splash mud on the face of one's ally, wouldn't you agree?"

Megla's expression turns solemn. "Naturally, father. I would never let my Admiral down."

Her reply irks Drall, but he doesn't let his annoyance show on his face. "Err, yes, of course. I suppose it makes sense you'd favor him over your own flesh and blood..."

"I didn't mean that," Megla laughs. "Kyargh! Between you and the Admiral, if I had to choose-"

Before Megla can finish her sentence, the sound of heavy bootsteps approaches, cutting her off. She turns to the right, where she spots Admiral Rodriguez and Soren approaching.

"Oh, Admiral!" Megla says. "We were just talking about you! Did you find out anything useful from that Kessu scientist?"

José slows to a stop and folds his hands behind his back. His expression seems colder than usual, striking Megla as odd.

Ignoring Megla's question, José tilts his head toward her father. "Lord Drall. It seems you've been quite the 'Chatty Cathy' since we landed planetside. Do you have anything to say to me, or should I simply call you out right here and now?"

Megla's scales turn cold. She stares at José in disbelief.

_What is the Admiral talking about? Did my father do something wrong?_