Chapter 75: A Mother's Love

_Elsewhere in the Milky Way._

A trident-shaped spaceship slowly descends through the atmosphere of a water-covered planet, one with less than five percent of its land resting above sea level. The vessel drops down into a private hangar, where the roof closes upon its arrival, sealing it inside.

Minutes later, an entry ramp slides down from the ship's front, as if the spacecraft were a monster sticking out its tongue.

Solemnly, dozens of Kraktol elites begin exiting in pairs, all of them wearing looks of regret or acceptance. Having made an important decision two weeks earlier, they have all resolved themselves to accept the consequences of their choices. Among them is Megla Brighteye, former First Officer serving the legendary Terran, though she only appears as one inconsequential face among all the others.

After a couple hundred of the Kraktol exit the ramp, they split into two halves and line up on the left and right side of the ship, standing at attention to await the departure of their final two occupants.

Kisa Kindris, the Kraktol's Malvik, walks in front of a levitating coffin. Her expression, though solemn, doesn't appear cracked or weakened due to the stress and anguish she's suffered. Instead, a tentative look of steel rests in her eyes.

The coffin behind her, bearing the body of her father, Lord Drall, stops at the bottom of the ramp. Kisa continues walking forward until she arrives before a group of fifty other Kraktol, chief among them, the Thülvik herself, Loreen Kindris.

Kisa slows to a stop. She closes her eyes and bows her head.

"...Mother. I have returned."

Loreen stands with her claws somberly folded in front of her stomach. She wears a thin, flowery white robe, one that accentuates her feminine features.

"Kyargh. Little Kisa. You have endured well. Help me dispatch your father to the Forbidden Swamp. Then... we shall talk."

Kisa lifts her head.

"Yes."

...

An hour later, the Thülvik gives a rousing speech to all of the citizens of Dragua. She pours her heart out, speaking of the love she bore for Lord Drall, and the wonderful gift he gave her, in the form of her daughter, Kisa.

Kisa, meanwhile, stands beside her mother, stone-faced, revealing not a trace of emotion.

After the formalities conclude, the two of them depart. They return to Loreen's castle, her home where she has lived for thousands of years. Along the way, Loreen and Kisa remain oddly silent. The Thülvik and Malvik exchange only a few perfunctory words as they sit beside each other at a relatively small table. There, a simple meal waits, with half of it consisting of meat, and the other half... vegetables.

Loreen places herself at the head of the table, while Kisa sits at the chair on her right. They both remain silent, until the servants have left.

Once they find themselves alone, Loreen exhales.

"My poor, sweet daughter. I am so sorry for the suffering you've endured."

Kisa shakes her head. She avoids making eye contact with her mother, opting instead to gaze stonily at the table.

"I couldn't save him. I couldn't save my own father."

Loreen nods. "But you tried, and that is what matters. The reports from Drall's crew have spoken of your bravery in those final moments. I'm... I'm proud of you, Kisa."

Kisa flinches. After a momentary pause, she glances at her mother.

"What?"

Loreen's typical expression, that of animosity and resentment, is nowhere to be seen. Instead, she smiles lovingly, like a parent finally proud of her child's accomplishments.

"You don't have to feel ashamed, Kisa. What you did was honorable. Every loyal Kraktol who returned with you spoke of the 'glow' you emanated as you rushed to Drall's side. You struck down fifteen traitors and twenty Kessu before they could react. All this time, your mental fragility has held you back. But now, your father can rest easy, knowing his daughter will someday make for a fine Thülvik."

The more Loreen speaks, the greater Kisa's confusion becomes.

"Who... who said I did that? I... I didn't do anything of the sort!"

Loreen looks away from Kisa, toward a painting on the wall of another female Kraktol, one who appears aged, yet beautiful.

"I remember my first kill," Loreen says, ignoring Kisa's protests. "Your grandmother was just as strict on me as I've been with you. I'll admit, I wasn't quite as soft-scaled as your past self, but I still lived in opulence and luxury. She forced me to live with this... this wretched male. He would insult me every day. He would call me fat, ugly, and a bad swimmer, too. Your grandmother only had one order for me, and that was... 'endure it.' I tried to follow her commands, but the bastard truly angered me with his vile, unspeakable insults."

Loreen smiles evilly. "Well. Finally, one day, I snapped. I pounced on him and bit down on his throat. I gouged out his eyes, stabbed his heart, and savaged him brutally. Hahaha! What great fun. What a wonderful thrill!"

She pauses for a moment before continuing.

"Immediately afterward, once the adrenaline wore off, a deep-seated fear took over. I began to shake and tremble, realizing I had broken my mother's order. I feared what she would do to me. The male she sent to harass me was not some random nobody, but an important bed-fellow of hers, someone she seemed to care a good deal about. Within an hour, she found out about his death. She roared to the skies and demanded I prostrate myself before her."

"I was terror-stricken, but in the end, I realized I had no choice except to comply," Loreen continues. "Oh, the look on your grandmother's face. She kept up the act until the very end. She spoke as if I had broken a terrible taboo. She howled about my eventual drowning in the Forbidden Swamp and how the sins of the daughter must fall upon the mother's shoulders. Then, as I was about to crack, she paused and... she began to _laugh._"

Loreen's eyes glaze over, as a silly smile crosses her face. "Haha. That old Rodak. She made a fool of me and had a good laugh at my expense. It turned out she never cared one lick for the male I killed. She merely showered him with affection as part of her ultimate plan to turn him into my sharpening stone. The fact that I killed him and reveled in his death shattered my mental constraints. I became the battle-hardened Rodak you know today, and the rest was history."

After a moment, Loreen turns to look at Kisa. "Oh, and of course, I eventually killed your grandmother. Never did like that damned _Füth_. She always got on my nerves and laughed at my expense. I couldn't have her making a mockery of my rule after I took over. You know how it is."

Kisa stares blankly at her mother. The sheer impact of Loreen speaking so casually and frankly completely catches Kisa offguard. Never, in all Kisa's life, has Loreen spoken to her in such simple and direct words as at this moment.

"I... but I... I didn't..."

"There's no denying the truth." Loreen says.

The Thülvik stands up from her seat and leans toward Kisa, making the young Kraktol flinch. Before Kisa can react, Loreen gently presses her hands against the back of Kisa's head. She strokes her daughter's scales while smiling with warm, motherly affection.

"I'm so proud of you," Loreen whispers. "I worried that someday, when my end came, I would not leave our people a worthy successor. But now, you've proven me wrong. You have turned yourself into a wonderful Malvik."

Loreen gently caresses her daughter, while Kisa sits limp in her seat, uncertain of whether she should make any attempts to mimic her mother's affection. Even as a child, Loreen never showed any desire to initiate physical contact.

"Mother..."

Tears well up in Kisa's eyes. He quickly wipes them away and averts her gaze, uncertain what to say.

"You didn't save Drall, no," Loreen says. "But like me, your father lived a long and storied life. All tales must eventually come to an end. Sapphire's traitorous actions beget your honorable ones. Even Megla came around to our way of thinking. She witnessed the brutality of the Precursor's teachings, along with his treachery. She made her stance clear, as did you. I am certain your father will be able to swim comfortably within the Forbidden Swamp now that you have eased his worries."

Perhaps sensing her daughter's discomfort at the unexpected physical contact, Loreen pulls away. She stands next to Kisa, gazing at her little girl with adoration.

"Mother..." Kisa says. "The Precursor... Admiral Rodriguez... this wasn't his fault. You can't blame him for what happened!"

"Perhaps not," Loreen replies. "After all, Sapphire and Soren are the ones who instigated your father's death. The Terran did not engage in the violence. However, can you _really_ say he had nothing to do with what happened?"

Kisa pauses. Memories of her time spent with the Admiral surface in her mind.

"He... he is a good man. He never wanted our people to come to blows."

Loreen clicks her tongue. "Tsk."

The Thülvik takes a seat once again. She tosses a fish-like creature into her mouth before swallowing it whole.

"You have taken the first step toward becoming a worthy Thülvik, my dear daughter. Sadly, you still have much to learn. The words others speak do not always line up with their thoughts or actions. This Terran is a crafty one; a slippery individual. Think of all the training he put you through, as well as the rest of your brothers and sisters. Now, recall how many of our people joined him after Sapphire's bloody betrayal. What changed? Why would my loyal subjects turn against me, even after witnessing direct evidence of the Terran's machinations?"

Loreen doesn't wait for Kisa to reply. "The answer is simple. He is an unscrupulous Mallali, like all the rest. He worms his way into the hearts of others with beautiful, flowery words. Then, once he has driven a wedge between brothers, he turns them on each other. Doesn't that best describe the events you witnessed with your own eyes? Or, have I perhaps misinterpreted the situation to make him appear worse than he really is?"

The Malvik hesitates, unsure of what she can say to change her mother's mind.

"...Admiral Rodriguez. He... he treated me well. He even ate vegetables with me."

"Ah, so he took the liberty of befriending the future Kraktol leader," Loreen says cynically. "What a magnanimous fellow. I am certain he spoke kindly to you purely out of the goodness of his heart."

The Thülvik's words burrow into Kisa's ears, making her second-guess all of her interactions with Admiral Rodriguez.

"Do... do you truly think he only acted nice to me because of my status?"

Loreen nods. "Of course. I'm sorry to burst your bubble, daughter dearest, but that is how all the Mallali function. They smile and act like wonderful Sentients, while secretly unsheathing their claws when you turn your back. Have you forgotten? Admiral Rodriguez is just as warm-blooded as all of our blood-enemies. He is a Mallali to his core."

Doubt chews at the back of Kisa's mind. "B-but! Kyargh! Mother, he treated every single Kraktol and Kessu equally! He always tried to settle disputes, he never rushed to anger... he is a good man!"

"Doubt still clouds your mind," Loreen says, softening her tone. "I, too, once became fooled by the kindness of a Mallali. When I was but a young Thülvik, newly ascended to the throne, the Alfras himself suckered me into accepting a terrible trade policy. He played the role of my best friend. He spoke of the great deal he was giving me, and I ignorantly fell for his cloying words. In the end, that trade ended up being a good thing for our people, but only because of luck. Discovering a secret Precursor ship-construction facility in the Rylon system was an accident that has empowered us in the long-term. However, had we not uncovered Rylon's hidden installation, we would have suffered tremendously over the years."

With a long sigh, Loreen tilts her head to look at the ceiling. "In time, you will understand, Kisa. The Sapphire I knew would never have turned against her beloved father. What else could corrupt someone's essence so abruptly except lies and deception? Can you honestly say that the Terran's philosophies didn't alter her mind? Clearly, he used ancient Terran wordplay to turn my children away from me."

Kisa's resolve weakens. "Maybe... maybe you're right, mother. Maybe I was wrong about him."

"You still doubt me in your heart," Loreen sighs. "Will you turn against me, too? Will you join the Terran to plunge your talons into your mother's back? I must admit, such a fate would prove quite ironic, after how I slew your grandmother. Perhaps following him would lead the Kraktol to a brighter future. Perhaps killing me would grant all the Kraktol a new lease on life. In truth, I have not performed as well as the previous Thülvik. Were it not for the lucky break of discovering Rylon's Precursor facilities, our people would have fallen destitute."

"I won't turn against you!" Kisa declares, looking at her mother with horror. "I love you, mother! You... you've been strict on me, it's true... but everything you did was for my own good! I... I even... k-killed all those t-traitors and Kessu... I did it because of your strict training!"

Loreen lowers her gaze to look into her daughter's eyes.

"Good. That is good. Kyargh! If you do turn against me, then know that I will die proud of you, just as your grandmother felt toward me. We are Kraktol. I am the Thülvik, just as you will someday be. We do not seek to enrich ourselves, but to ensure the continuation of our species. Vicious, silver-beaked Avaru surround us. Monstrous Buzor, traitorous Rodaks, and most importantly, the filthy Mallali. Never forget the atrocities they have committed. Never forgive them for what they've done. So long as you move on from my failings, our people will walk toward a bright and beautiful future."

Kisa nods slowly. "Yes, mother."

Satisfied that her speech has had some effect, Loreen loosens up.

"I've read the reports about what happened. I know that the Terran put you and the others through specialized training. I also know that he needed to do so for the sake of fighting a... a _dey-munn_? I understand the gist of the story, but I'd like to hear more from your perspective. Would you be so kind as to tell me what happened in your own words, Kisa?"

The Malvik gathers her thoughts. "Ah. Admiral Rodriguez spoke about the demon a lot. His name is Yama. We didn't succeed in killing him. He's some sort of... weird... shadow-monster... thing."

The young Kraktol struggles to elucidate her thoughts. She speaks haltingly, clearly nervous about reciting what happened.

Even so, the looks of warmth Loreen gives Kisa slowly begins to thaw her heart. The young girl feels more and more at ease with the new way Loreen has been treating her. Compared to all the years she suffered under her mother's cruel tongue-lashings, Kisa greatly enjoys the improvement in their relationship.

The thought of going along with whatever story the other Kraktol gave her mother bothers Kisa. She ponders silently in the back of her mind whether she should set the record straight. However, finally enjoying the warmth of her mother's love eventually overpowers any notion of telling the truth that Kisa might attempt.

After twenty minutes of explaining what happened during the mission, Kisa reaches the end.

"That's... that's when Sapphire turned against us. I couldn't believe her attitude. I couldn't believe she would be the one to kill our father."

Loreen nods. "And that is why you exploded in rage and killed so many traitors. Yes, I understand the situation much more clearly now. The Terran's tongue is a weapon of mass destruction. I always assumed the Precursors were mere brutes capable only of wielding their fists like bludgeons. Yet now I know, after comparing the events leading up to Drall's death with those involving Orgon... the Terran is truly a dangerous adversary."

The Thülvik tosses a small, squid-like creature into her mouth.

"His actions are careful, deliberate, and meticulous. He plays the role of a uniting savior, yet in the end, his every action sows division. From a surface level, killing only Orgon while sparing the rest of the crew seemed merciful. Yet in reality, the Terran managed to scare us into trying to befriend him. Look at what he gained: Hundreds of loyal crew willing to give their lives for him. They think of him as their savior, but in reality, he has corrupted their beliefs."

Kisa's expression turns stony. "When you put it that way..."

"Were it not for the Terran, your father would still be alive," Loreen concludes. "Naturally, since Sapphire dealt the killing blow, her punishment will be the greatest. But you must remember who changed her. The Terran is our enemy."

Kisa fidgets uncomfortably. "Mother. What of the Buzor invasion? Admiral Rodriguez warned us about their plans. We even know about their Warp-Gates. Are we going to leave them alone?"

"No." Loreen immediately replies. "After I finish the matters involving Drall's funeral, I will be taking my leave. I am going to bring a fleet of our finest war-ships to assist the Mallali. If the Kraktol do not intervene in this conflict, the Mallali will swiftly mop up the Buzor and seize control of the Warp-Gates. By shoving my snout into their conflict, I will procure many benefits for our people. Perhaps I may even obtain the rights to access the Buzor's Warp-Gates. I cannot allow the Mallali to monopolize them, or else their grip over the Milky Way will become unbreakable."

The young Malvik contemplates her mother's words. "I see. May I go? I would like to help you, mother."

Loreen pauses her eating. She glances at Kisa with a glint in her eye.

"Oh? You've never shown such initiative before. Perhaps what happened in those caves changed you more than I expected."

"Yes. It did..." Kisa mutters. For the first time since arriving back on Dragua, she speaks the truth from her heart. "I realized many things, back then. You've also convinced me to rethink my past naivete. I can't stay a helpless little hatchling forever."

"Excellent!" Loreen croaks. "Kyargh! I love that you have grown more bold! However, I must decline your request. You will remain here on Dragua. It is never smart to place the current and future leaders of our people in one place, at least, not outside of our fortified homeworld. What if the Mallali backstab us? They could cut off the heads of our lineage in one fell swoop. I will go, and you will stay. My decision is final."

Kisa stays silent for a moment before nodding.

"Very well, mother."

Loreen blinks. "That's it? Aren't you going to argue with me to let you go? Are you the same child who left me months ago, or has the Terran swapped your body with a clone?"

Kisa shakes her head. "It isn't like that, mother. I just... I regret my past actions. I have acted childishly. I always tried to play the role of a pacifist. I even shunned meat, thinking only of how 'cruel' eating a corpse was. Stupid. Stupid! If I had just acted a little more decisively, father wouldn't have died."

"Perhaps not..." Loreen affirms. She reaches toward one of the plates on the table, one sporting a red-colored leafy vegetable, vaguely resembling a cabbage. "But there is no reason to punish yourself anymore. You may eat all the vegetables you want. Look! I even laid out a spread for you. I wasn't sure which ones you would like, so I... Kisa?"

The Thülvik pauses mid-sentence when she spots tears welling up in her daughter's eyes.

"Is something the matter?" Loreen asks. "You may eat these vegetables as much as you desire. Do not hold back on my account. I have decided that, though odd, your dietary needs are perfectly valid. You don't need to beat yourself up over something so insignificant."

Kisa grits her teeth. She snarls angrily. "It's not that! It doesn't have anything to do with... with all that garbage! Kyargh! I've always been so spoiled and selfish! If I hadn't fallen for the Admiral's lies and smooth words, I could have saved my father! It's all because I was too weak!"

Suddenly, Kisa rises from her chair. She sweeps her arms out and flings aside a dozen plates and bowls, all filled with fruits and vegetables. The plates break against the wall, spraying their contents across the floor.

"GARBAGE! I am a Kraktol! I'm not some... some weak little Mallali herbivore! How can I desecrate our people's reputation by snacking on grass and leaves?!"

The Malvik lunges her claws out. She grabs hold of a raw chunk of bloody meat, something resembling an undercooked steak. She lifts it to her face, only to hesitate.

"I... I can do this..." Kisa whispers.

Loreen remains seated. Her eyes narrow to slits as she gazes at her daughter.

"Yes, you can. Whether you eat meat or vegetables, I care not. Just make sure you stay true to your heart, precious daughter."

Kisa gazes at the hunk of flesh. Red liquid drips from one of its sagging edges, plopping onto the table silently.

"I... I am no herbivore! I am... I am a carnivore! A meat-eater! Just like my mother and father! I can do this!"

Having never eaten meat in her whole life, Kisa hesitates not only due to her long-held ethical feelings, but also her complete lack of experience with its texture, smell, and taste. The Malvik cautiously sniffs the lump of flesh, expecting to feel nausea boiling within her gut.

Instead, with her concentration at its highest, a sense of euphoria claws onto her mind. Like a man dying of thirst in the desert, Kisa unexpectedly finds that the meat carries a scent of a distant oasis, something she's missed out on for her whole life, yet never realized she wanted.

"This... meat... it smells..."

She pauses, her eyes dilating from hunger.

"...**GOOD! IT SMELLS GOOD!**"

The Malvik doesn't hesitate any longer. She throws the meat into her mouth, sloshing it around on her tongue as she savors its raw, bitter taste.

"Aargh! Kyargh! Delicious! Tasty! How can meat taste so good?! How have I foolishly cast such wonderful food aside my whole life? I was a fool! An idiot!"

As if suffering from decades of ravenous hunger, Kisa descends upon the table's feast like a beggar invited to a castle. She chomps down and rips apart tens of pounds of various exotic animals, losing herself in the assortment of incredible flavors and delicacies of the Kraktol Empire.

All the while, Loreen watches in silence.

Once Kisa cleans the entire table of food, she pauses, breathing laboriously.

"Ugh... mother... I... I think I ate... too much..."

Loreen smiles.

"No feeling is as satisfying as uncovering a primal truth about yourself. Good for you, Kisa. Now I am truly proud to call you my daughter."