Part 004:

For a moment, I lose the ability to control my body. My legs give out, and I fall to the floor as I stare at the spot where that goddamned statue was just standing. I don't feel like a human right now, as my eyes leap from one crevice of the room anywhere else. My mind invents a thousand possibilities for where the statue went, even thinking of crazy shit, like _maybe it's just invisible to the human eye suddenly, haha_!

No matter where I look, one thing is certain: the room that once held the statue is now empty.

It's hard to think rationally. My hands shake as I carefully pull myself off the ground. I take a few steps back, as one very obvious thought crosses my mind. _What if that wasn't a statue after all?_

Everything about this creepy, dark dungeon makes my skin crawl. If someone is trying to pull a practical joke on me, it isn't funny.

Jesus Christ! What if the statue monster is sitting behind the door, waiting for me to turn my back so it can pounce at me and devour my insides?! I'm actually thinking of opening the door for some dumb reason _but that would be suicidal haha why would anyone do that_?!

Quickly, and stealthily, I rush over to the door, push it shut as quietly as possible, then break into a dead run in the opposite direction, making sure to only run on my tiptoes. _You bet your sweet ass I don't want that thing to hear me!_ Please tell me the freakazoid isn't hungry. _Please!_

Even as I run for minutes, putting distance between me and where I came from, my breath starts to come in ragged gasps and I have to slow to a stop, doubling over and wheezing as sweat pours off my brow. I was never a particularly athletic young man in school, and I sat around playing video games and Chess to pass the time before my appointment with Cryotek came up. I'm surprised I managed to run for as long as I just did.

To make matter worse, I have no food or water. If the abomination doesn't eat me, I'll die of hunger and dehydration. I need to catch a break!

As I plop down on the ground, finally deciding to catch my breath, my heart slams against my chest. I hear something, something from very far behind me in the direction I came from.

Footsteps. Distinct, loud, and very very slow.

Thud. 1, 2, 3... Thud... 1, 2, 3... thud.

Oh god. _It's coming._
