Part 264a

_January 4th, 2050, my 37th birthday._

Amy waited patiently while her mental communicator slowly pinged her adoptive mother's communicator. This far out near Phobos, it took a while for even lightspeed to make a connection. Once connected though, the revolutionary transdimensional mental-phones would allow for connection anywhere within ten Astronomical Units to only have a delay of about one second between sending and receiving responses. It wasn't instant, but it was pretty close.

Jorge was wandering around in the other room as he prepped himself for the dinner party they would be going to, shortly. How fast ten years of marriage passed... just like that. No kids yet, but these things took time. As the leader of the Galaxy Exploration Force, or the GEF, as they were called, Amy just didn't have the time to have kids and do mom-like stuff. Besides, the innovations in life extensions via nanobots and gene alteration meant they had plenty of time to think about that stuff later.

Her mental communicator finally made the clicking noise that indicated the connection was successful.

"Ah, Amy! Is that you, sweetheart?" Carolyn picked up and upon receiving the mental feedback indicating who was calling, she seemed pleasantly surprised.

"Hi mom, how are you?" As mental images of the two participants slowly began to coalesce in each others minds, Amy noted with alarm that her mother no longer looked as youthful and vibrant as she had a few years before. Her face was quite haggard, and despite the fierce smile she put on, she seemed to be quite melancholy.

"Oh, you know... I've been doing a bit of this, a bit of that. Ever since your father passed..." Carolyn mumbled something else, but Amy didn't catch it.

"Mom... you don't need to keep beating yourself up over that. It wasn't your fault."

"I know, it's just... the signs... they were always there." Carolyn paused for a few moments to take a quick breath before raising her gaze up. "Ah well, can't do anything about it anymore. How are you?"

"I'm good, as usual, I suppose." Amy paused as she thought of what to say. "Oh, right! I forgot to tell you, but the very first interplanetary colonization attempt is going to be made in one week!"

Her mom brightened up noticeably. "Wow, splendid! You and Jorge have been treating that trip like your firstborn child! Is he going to lead it, or are you?"

"He is, but I'll be leading the second one which follows immediately after. We have a real chance, thanks to Judicator, to colonize distant worlds. If he can do what he did here on Mars, but on a different planet, we can start colonizing other solar systems. It's the key to surviving extinction events!"

Amy always got a bit excitable when she started talking about being a colonist, but her mother's eyes glazed over slightly, as she wasn't very much into anything science-y. "That's great, Amy. I'm so glad for you! Your father would be so proud if he could see how well you've grown."

Amy and her mother spoke for a while longer about a great many other things, finally ending the call ten minutes later, just in time for Jorge to finish assembling his decorated military uniform together.

As he walked in the room, he smiled at his beautiful wife, as she also wore her own military uniform, decorated with the White Eagle Crest for her heroism during the first skirmishes with the Volgrim.

The Volgrim... Jorge's smile was slightly stilted as he thought about them. It had been over twenty years since they last attacked humanity from space. Their antics had fallen to little more than minor acts of terrorism, as humanity's population had swelled to nearly twenty billion, taking over many areas of the Moon, as well as Mars and its two moons. There was talk of settling on Venus, and quiet talks among the upper ranks of starting a head-on assault on the Volgrim themselves. Thanks to a sophisticated network of computer engineers, they had long since decoded the location of the Volgrim homeworld, as well as important landmarks and other useful tactical data from ships seized during the first and second major skirmishes with their species.

Jorge sighed, as he walked up behind his wife and started rubbing her shoulders. "Amy, are you ready to see me off? We won't be able to see each other for five years..."

Amy nodded as she leaned back and kissed her husband tenderly. "I love you, Jorge... make sure you return in one piece."

Jorge snickered. "You too. We're both going to become famed galaxy explorers, you know. I can't lose to you, I'll be the one setting all the records."

"Only because you'll have a headstart. If you don't pay attention, I'll overtake you instantly." Amy grinned as she and her husband stepped out the door, the massive mansion closing itself up as their butler A.I. took over, putting the house in hibernation mode.