Part 060:

I felt a little annoyed, when I saw the condition Mark was in. It was easily fixed of course, and yes the simulated combat should feel real enough to draw out every squad member's latent potential, but _still_. My clone was very vicious, I thought I told it not to kill anyone? This technically wasn't killing but the power put into its punch could have done more than break a collarbone, if it hit the wrong spot.

No use worrying about it. A few hours after we went out for drinks, I was back in the castle, sitting by myself in my now official royal bedroom.

My hand rested on the pouch holding Hoarhiim. Still no word from him. Why was he dormant? Was there anything I could do for him? Perhaps not. Maybe, given time, he will revive himself. I still sensed his spiritual life so he wasn't dead...

Again, no point worrying about it. I came here to probe inside the powers of the Crown of Solomon as I had done for many weeks now. It's been 7 months since I entered this labyrinth, and only a couple of those were spent greatly increasing my abilities, yet I already felt incredibly powerful. I'm probably strong enough that there's nobody in Hero City who can be my match.

I thought about Hero City. It was truly massive. It was at least 50 miles in diameter, with over 40 million people packed inside it, living here and there. There were some spaces for parks and tree groves, but overall the composition of the place was that it had a lot of citizens in it. _All of these people had challenged Bahamut to answer her riddle and failed._ The thought still boggled my mind.

But even more interesting, this city _looped_. If you walked far enough in any direction, you would eventually arrive back at your original destination. To be honest, the whole thing reminded me of a tiny planet or something.

There was only one entrance/exit to the Labyrinth, that was the door I had entered through. When I had first seen it, it seemed impossibly big and heavy. What was the point of a door of that size anyway? But now I understood. It was not only to keep the people inside stuck so they couldn't leave, but also to keep unwanted enemies out. This was a human city, and even when it was filled with humans turned into monsters, it was still quite a bit weaker than the enemies in the labyrinth outside. Now that people had reverted to their original forms, only people who were originally Heroes or especially strong could be considered strong enough to combat the demons from Hell. And even then, if they couldn't handle me... well... yeah.

I had stationed a small rotating platoon at the front door... just in case. Now that I was planning to move on, it was a matter of arranging the details so that my work would be completed without me. The Castle was almost self autonomous at this point, the servants there had already developed a hierarchy within that seemed to work well enough. It was already becoming a typical rabble-house of people clamoring for power over one another, trying to rule as kings and dukes and such. Sad, really. Humanity was very predictable once we gathered in large enough groups.

But very soon, I would take my leave, and they would be left to their own devices. Will anarchy ensue? Who can know.

The only things left to attend to were my own personal matters. I had decided to leave Phoebe here. I planned to instate her as the co-ruler. She would make for a kind and compassionate counterpart to Captain Adams' strong-handed and gruff approach. The two would balance each other out. And who knows, perhaps later on, a romance? Ah, I'm getting a little too conniving for my own good. I should stop playing God and focus on myself.

The door awaited. Soon, I would heed its invitation and make my way back into the dark pits of Hell.
