Part 058

"Fire at will! Mark, neutralize him!"

Mark was our squad's capturing expert. Casting a quick spell, he managed to send a spiritual energy net at Hero. Hero tore through it in no time, but it gave just a slight enough pause that two of our men managed to fire sleeping darts at him. The darts struck and Hero noticeably slowed down.

And then suddenly he was here, fighting with an unusual ferocity compared to the last few times we had encountered him, he smashed Mark to the ground, probably breaking some bones. Before he could turn to me, I plunged a knife into his shoulder. He howled with anger as he threw me off him, thought his power was noticeably weaker than expected. And then suddenly, he staggered and fell to the ground, face first.

Phoebe grimaced. "Damn. We were tricked. Hoarhiim isn't here."

I realized my mistake instantly. "Goddamn it, you're right. That's why I only saw his eyes glowing. There was no way to miss him coming if the Orb had been at his side, it would have lit up the entire corridor for sure."

I rushed over to Mark. "Mark! Are you okay? We'll patch you up, son, just hold on."

Mark had an incredibly pained expression. "Ah.... my collarbone... he... he..."

"Quiet down, I get the picture. Phoebe!"

Phoebe rushed over and started casting some low level healing magic. She wasn't a particularly good mage, but for something like this, she could at least relieve the pain. We'd have to heal Mark more thoroughly later.

"Get back outside! Hurry! The other squads are in danger!"

Rushing back to the entrance, I left Mark in the tunnel with one other person. It wasn't safe to go to the surface with an injured man.

When I finally climbed up to the top of the sewers, I was suddenly very suspicious. "Where's Tracker B? He's supposed to be up here?"

Tracker A looked around. With Mark and another squad member in the tunnels, it was only Tracker A, Phoebe, and myself in the area. "I can't believe I'm saying this, but there's nobody else around."

_What._ "You can't be serious? No other squad members? Where did everyone go?"

Tracker A turned at looked me right in the eyes. "No sir, you don't understand. I don't sense _any other life_ in the area."