Part 142

I woke up in the morning slowly. Very slowly. Usually I roll my eyes open and simply get up, but today I just laid there. A soft and warm girl was cuddled up beside me, her arm over my chest, and her soft feathery wings were wrapped under and over me.

It's going to be hard forgetting last night, not that I'd ever want to. It was my first time, as well as hers. While we were both awkward, we managed to work it out and figure out what we were doing as we went along.

A stupid thought enters my mind. _Can an angel get pregnant?_ My first reaction is no, but... I'll have to, uh, ask an expert sometime. My cheeks are burning red just thinking about it.

Well, even if I don't ask, given time, I'll eventually figure it out.

My mental vision sees everything in the house. Even... the spot of blood where Phoebe died... What the hell is wrong with me...

I... my first time... in the same house as where she was murdered. Why did I do it? I pretended to ignore it last night... but I can't ignore it when it's always in my vision.

I close my eyes and focus on the spot where Phoebe's blood is at. Then I whisper a single word. " _Teleport._ "

In a single movement, my naked body is transferred over to where she's at. I listen closely, but Cassiel doesn't seem to notice me gone. I find myself reaching down and touching the red spot on the floor. _I failed her_. This... this may be the biggest regret of my life. Quietly, I whisper again. _Clean._ And the blood vanishes instantly... like it was never there.

I silently walk back into my bedroom, put on my regular clothes, and walk out towards Phoebe's house. Cassiel is still fast asleep. I don't want her here for this.

" _Shovel_." I speak a word aloud, and it appears. I could do this the easy way... but I don't deserve the easy way. I have to do this the hard way.

After 20 or so minutes, I've dug out quite a hole in the ground. I'm not tired at all... but I can feel tears streaming down my face. _It's my fault._

I aim my hand at the hole. " _Coffin_."

A gold and silver coffin appears. The value of this would probably be equal to a few dozen million dollars in the world I came from... but for me, the coffin is garbage. This is the _least_ I can do.

The next word is difficult for me to say, but I manage to say it anyway. _"Phoebe_."

Her lifeless body appears in my arms. She's in... exactly the same condition I found her yesterday. Nothing decomposes or changes over time when it's in my storage void. _Nothing_.

I step into the hole, and place her body inside. I can't... help but cry. Tears won't stop coming as they drip onto her body. _I failed you._

I step up and out of the hole, putting the lid on top of her coffin, as I halt for one final look at her face. She looks so... _sad._

As I put the lid on the coffin, I step out of the way, and begin slowly shoveling dirt on top, as I seal up the hole. Once it's all back in place, there's a sizeable amount of ground lumped on top. That's fine. It's... fine.

I aim my hand at the top of the grave. " _Gravestone_."

A blank gravestone appears, and I etch words into it by pressing down with my finger. I'm very strong now.

_Here lies Phoebe, Closest friend of the God King._

_Slain by one she called friend, she is with the angels now._

_Birthdate: Unknown. Death: Unknown._

_She was a close friend, and a pure hearted person. Rest in peace._

I stared at the gravestone in front of me. This is it. All this power... this is all I can do. _God King._ What a presumptuous title. What good is having the powers of a god... if I can't even save the life of my closest friend? Amelia... Hoarhiim... Phoebe... Adams... I've lost so many, and all their deaths were my own fault.

Amelia may not have been a good person, she was very evil, in fact... but I still can't hate her... not deep in my heart.

How many more will die because of my actions? How many more will die due to my inaction? I... can't let that happen. I must become more powerful. I must gain power over life and death. This is the only way I can be sure to prevent senseless deaths like this forever.

I have to become the _Creator_.