Part 312a

If he were being totally honest, Ben would tell anyone who asked that the Hypersuits were by far the pinnacle of war perfection. Coupled with the Dartfighters, humanity had created two weapons that were indestructible and highly destructive.

But, given that Stonewall had chosen to oust Jason from his position as humanity's divine protector, these new war-machines, the Micro-Dreadnaughts, had to take up the slack. And really, they were powerful in their own right.

As his company pressed down the halls of the labyrinth, he checked his energy scanner. Several blips had been visible for a few minutes now, and judging by the distance, a couple more turns would bring them into view.

Really though, if the demons couldn't hear the humans coming, they weren't trying. The Micro-Dreadnaughts, despite the name, were quite massive. They barely even fit into the hallways of the labyrinth, and the lone Micro-Dreadnaught he had received authorization to bring along for this mission scraped the walls loudly, even as its massive bipedal frame stomped along, each step sounding like a sledgehammer smashing into concrete.

Certainly, the Hypersuits were a more efficient, sleeker weapon of mass murder... but the Micro-Dreadnaughts just felt _better_. One could hardly blame the demons if they were quaking in their boots as they heard the rumbling in the deep.

"Exalt, we're reaching the red zone. We've just now crossed the two mile mark back to the portal. If this goes south, it's going to be a long run back."

Ben nodded at the young girl who had just spoken. Despite her youthful appearance, she was a seasoned fighter, and one he knew personally.

"I'm not worried about that, Daisy. As long as you get out, the worst effect will be nullified. You've got enough energy, right?"

She nodded quietly as another corner became visible up ahead, though it was hard to see given the massive frame of the construct was impeding their view. "Yes. Getting to the portal should be easy. If I'm correct, I might even have enough energy to bring you with m-"

"That's not necessary. You're the Supreme Commander's daughter, your life comes first. Understand?" Ben coughed suddenly as a rasp appeared in his throat. The nano-cancer wasn't improving, these days. The side effects were quite unpleasant. "If your father finds out that you died because you ran out of energy sending me back, he'll skin me alive anyway. I can handle myself, don't you worry."

Daisy smiled slightly, as the Micro-Dreadnaught suddenly came to a stop up ahead. "HOSTILES SIGHTED. ENGAGING NOW."

In the blink of an eye, the massive machine leveled a two-ton energy cannon at several small imps who squealed in fright. Before they had a chance to react, the lumbering behemoth fired a blast of anti-energy, searing their bodies at the atomic level. Swiveling slightly, the Dreadnaught aimed its single red 'eye' towards a flash of movement in front of it. "SHADOW-WALKERS. ANTI-STEALTH PULSE ACTIVATING NOW."

A small pulse of energy erupted from every crevasse of the machine, as it surged outwards at half the speed of sound, creating a deep WUMP as it impacted the walls and the people behind it. Four shadow-walkers stumbled and fell as the pulse of anti-energy, as weak as it was, caused mental feedback. Used mainly as a method of mass-stunning several medium to weak enemies, this particular technique was especially effective against those who were already channeling large amounts of energy to a specific spell... such as a shadow-walker.

They stumbled around dumbly as they tried to shake off the effects of the pulse, but it was too late for them. The lumbering juggernaut fired twice in succession, each shot wiping the energy from their bodies, causing a dissolving effect on their bodies as they vanished from existence.

It had been just under fifteen seconds, and the death machine had already killed a dozen demons. Ben stumbled back to his feet, realizing with a start that Daisy was laying on the ground, holding her head and moaning. "Shit, you all right sweetheart? Fuck, your dad's going to kill me."

Daisy mumbled something incoherent, as she shook her head and words managed to form themselves in her mind once again. "I-I'm fine. I just wasn't ready for that. I _thought_ we programmed these machines to give a little more warning before they blew off a pulse like that. Good way to hit our own forces."

The machine continued to lumber forwards as Ben gave her a hand up, pulling her to her feet. "We did, but shadow-walkers are extremely dangerous. They can kill ten men in the blink of an eye before we know they're even there. They are the lone exception."

Ben shot a glance back, as several of his red level enforcers were also climbing up to their feet, checking each other for mental feedback and whatnot. "That being said, maybe we can program an exception for when we're inside the labyrinth. Not like those walkers had a way of getting past the Dreadnaught in these close hallways."

"Yeah, do that." Daisy quickly walked back to help one enforcer in particular, who had just vomited. "You there! Are you alright? Do you need medical attention?"

The man fought mightily but tears erupted from his eyes as he struggled to speak. Daisy nodded quickly as she placed her hand on the back of his head. "Don't worry, I'll get you. Everyone else, go on ahead. I'll keep a small contingent here. We'll catch up shortly."

Ben started to object, but he paused, seeing who that particular enforcer was. "Agent Dawson? He's a stealth-class, very promising ability he's got, too. Alright, you can hold back. We'll press forwards, but catch up quickly. It's incredibly dangerous here."

Daisy nodded as she continued to send healing pulses through the man's brain.

Ben and the rest continued forwards, leaving Daisy and a dozen Enforcers behind as they pressed forwards.

Ben glowered as he stomped away. _Damn, I hope I don't regret this._

"When the light shines down from the skies above... that will be the moment! The moment of truth! Only the true believers will be saved on that fateful day! We cannot allow ourselves to be blinded by feelings of nostalgia, or to be complacent! If you have family, or friends, they will not be saved unless they preach the news of Retribution!"

Preacher Clarence yelled mightily as his congregation looked on in awe. "Think, everyone, about the lives of your children! The lives of your sons and daughters! Do you want to see them die? Of course not. Behold! God has given us a way out, a way to survive the apocalypse! When he delivers his divine punishment upon the demons, and the warmongers, and those who have taken the elixir of the nanobot, and the homosexuals, fear not! For we are not vile like the sinners, we are not tainted by their actions! Pray daily, beg him for forgiveness of your sins! Be proud of your clean, wholesome heritage! Bow down to no man, and follow no other gods, for He will see, and He will know you!"

The congregation clapped loudly, several of the younger members up front grinning madly as they exchanged knowing looks with one another.

The First Church of the Retribution had been established nearly a decade ago by this very man speaking. Preacher Clarence was a man, who, as he had preached about on many occasions, had spoken with an angel himself. None could verify his claims, of course, but everyone had seen the angels with their own eyes. His story must be true.

Born from a single mother household, Clarence had lived on the streets after his mother had committed suicide, fending for himself from age 10 and onwards. Drugs, sex, and even violence had been the mark of his life. Clearly, for a man as vile as he, to make such a dramatic transformation... it could only be caused by something from on high... or so went the rumors, anyway.

Clarence paused for a moment to sip water from a glass that had been specially custom made by one of his congregational members. It was a gaudy thing, with the pattern of an angel that had her outstretched arms make a circle for him to hold onto it with, and the backside of the cup had two wings sprouting outwards. Really, it was such an ugly thing, but given the member of the church was still in attendance and donated quite a hefty amount daily to their coffers... he didn't mind playing along.

Clarence wiped his brow with a towel that he had set on his podium. It was an easy job, speaking once a day for a mere hour at a time, and the fools ate up everything he said as if he was the mouth of god himself. Still, he appreciated their patronage, and all too often they were happy to donate extra when he spoke of 'administrative fees' and 'crushing debt' incurred by the central authorities. Actually, no such happenings ever occurred, as they cared little for his microcosm of a cult, but it didn't hurt him to lie. _Just a little._

He returned to his position at the front of the stage, his hands trembling. "I... I had a vision last night. A vision of the Archangel Michael! He spoke to me in... in a dream! He spoke of the Great Retribution! A calamity from the sky that will wipe out all evil on Earth! A terrible catastrophe that will-!"

As he droned on, the front door flew open, causing him to pause mid-sentence. The audience turned back to look.

An old man stood, slowly ambling forwards as he leaned on a heavily gnarled cane.

"Oh, I'm sorry, did I interrupt anything, father?" The old man smiled kindly.

Clarence felt something odd, deep inside his heart. This old man was not one he had seen before. Best to give him a gracious welcome.

"Not at all! Welcome, sir! We love the elderly here, so wise and insightful they are! Why have you come to visit our church on this blessed day, good sir?"

The old man shrugged lightly, as he continued to slowly amble towards the front. "Oh, no reason, really. I heard there was one last man of god in this world, one who understood the old ways. I've come to see if he's the man everyone speaks of."

"I certainly should hope so!" Clarence quickly moved forwards towards the old man. "I am he. Father Clarence is my name. And you, what might yours be?"

The old man cocked an eyebrow knowingly. "I have been known by many names over my long life. But you might know me best by my contemporary name. I am Raphael, second Archangel of Heaven!"

In the blink of an eye, the old man dropped his cane to his side as light began to shine from his body. His clothing trembled slightly, as a massive set of wings sprouted out, exploding to the sides, ten feet in both directions.

One of the teenagers in the audience quickly tapped his holowatch as he aimed it at the spectacle before him. Normally, this place of worship would not allow such unclean technology, but his parents were too transfixed by the sight before them, they failed to notice him recording this.

"I have come from Heaven itself to give you my blessing! We have judged you and determined you to be most holy! Continue telling people of our work, and your reward will be most eternal indeed!"

Clarence felt his lip tremble. _Son of a bitch. An angel actually came here? I just made all this crap up, but I was right?_

He started to speak, but Sister Margaret, a very old woman in the seats up front, grabbed her chest as she struggled to breathe. Collapsing down, she fell to the ground wheezing.

"Heart attack! She's having a heart attack!" A young man sitting a row down leaped to his feet and ran over to her, but he was blocked by Raphael, who had moved to her side in an instant.

"Fear not, my child. Do you doubt the will of the Creator?"

The young man shook his head slowly as his hands trembled mightily. He glanced from the old woman to the angel and back. Unlike most people of this generation, she had rejected the nanotechnology, choosing to live a life of growing old and dying. It was natural that she would eventually perish, but still, few had really expected it to happen.

Raphael leaned down to the woman as she shook on the floor, her mind slipping away. "Go now, pass on, and be with us in Heaven."

As she shook one final time, her eyes rolled up into her head, and she ceased to move. She had finally passed away, at the tender old age of 97.

Clarence stared down at her corpse. _Curses, that old bitch dropped a fat stack in the plate every Friday. She was an important source of revenue._

Raphael quickly rose to his full height as he stared at the church members. "Fear not! She has become one with us in Heaven! Look! I shall summon her spirit here!"

With an overly dramatic display of light, Raphael sent a quick telepathic message to Gabriel. _An old woman just died, name was Margaret Grey. Send her down as quickly as possible._

The crowd stared at him expectantly as moments passed. Raphael breathed silently as his eyes flicked back and forth, his arms still upraised dramatically.

"Mommy, is she coming back?" A little girl in the front row practically yelled the question out as her mother hushed her quickly.

"Quiet, you're embarrassing me!"

Seconds turned into a minute, as Raphael swallowed carefully. _Come on, my old arms can't hold up like this any longer._

Finally, he received a reply. _I've got her now. Teleporting her directly to you._

Another flash of light blasted out as the old woman appeared up front, near the altar. "Good heavens, I'm back?"

"Indeed, young lady. You are now an agent of the Creator himself." Raphael lowered his arms, choking down a sigh of relief. "As will all of you become, when the Day of Retribution arrives! Put your heart and soul into this movement, make the gods proud, and you shall be rewarded with truly eternal life in Heaven!"

The audience roared with applause as everyone shot looks of incredulity at each other. Some, of course, had harbored many doubts over these last few years, but now there could be no doubt. The angels were real, and they had sent an _archangel_ to speak with the flock personally. This had to be a sign from on high, indeed!

As they clapped furiously, Raphael cocked his head back slightly, whispering to Father Clarence. "As for you, I'd like to speak with you in _private_."

Clarence nodded numbly as he swallowed slowly. _Fuck._

I clapped my hands together, as I sat cross-legged on the bed. Meditation was something I had spent the last few years working on, and a great side-effect of it had been the ability to put myself into a trance so I could speak with my mentor, King Arthur, whenever I wished. Exhaustion be damned.

Closing my eyes, I hummed one long, deep note to myself, as I held my hands together carefully.

It took a minute or so, but eventually I began to feel blackness wash over my vision, as my mind once again entered a place I had seen many times before.

Hmm, actually, this place was different. I mean, I knew what it was almost immediately. Stonehenge. A place created by an unknown group of people, ten thousand years ago, possibly more. Now, why might Arthur be here, today?

"Jason. Glad to see you." Arthur smiled as he took a sip of wine. Beckoning to his side, another glass of wine was sitting on the steps just outside the circle of massive boulders. I walked over, raising the glass up to my mouth in one smooth motion as I took my seat.

The taste was delicious. I used to taste nothing in this fake realm of his, but perhaps now I've developed some mental discipline. Things have taste here now. I can smell odors and aromas that I couldn't before.

I smacked my lips with satisfaction as I finished my glass of wine. "Things aren't going so well on Earth, I've heard."

"Agent X, right? He's your deep cover guy?"

"Yep. The best clone I've ever made. Very specialized for what he does."

Arthur shrugs. "Things are never going well on Earth. What else is new?"

I tap my lip thoughtfully, as I debate how to bring up the topic that's been bugging me. "Arthur, I don't know how to ask this, but here goes nothing. Listen, when we first met, you told me you were the most powerful hero of all time."

Arthur nodded. "Mmm. Yes, that is certainly a thing I said."

"And you said that, despite this proclamation, Amelia cleaned the floor with you."

Arthur narrowed his eyes inquisitively. "Yes. Go on..."

A slight smile was on his face, but my own was stuck in a look on concentration. "See, I've been thinking about my life so far. About power, and how to gain it, and important thresholds to cross. I fought Amelia, in the future. In the end, it was not me that won, but a divine ally that used my body as a vessel."

Arthur raised his eyebrows as he cocked his head slightly. "You managed to beat her? And you told me that you were weaker in the future than you are now."

"Yeah. It's a long story. But the thing is... Amelia had already been defeated once before. But not by me."

"You don't say?" Arthur leaned forwards, his smile gone now. "Jason, what's this all about? You're being more cryptic than usual."

"I have doubts. Many, many doubts. About Amelia, about myself, and about the future. I've changed the future, but I don't think I've changed it enough."

Arthur stared at me silently, not asking any more questions. Apparently, he expected me to continue.

"Err, Arthur... do you know who Joan of Arc is?"

He shook his head slowly. "Can't say I do. Why?"

I felt my gaze drift away from him for a moment. As I thought. Historical records indicate she was born several hundred years after he had died. If he had been sealed inside of Excalibur, with no knowledge of the world around him, then he wouldn't know of her existence.

"Joan of Arc was a female hero. She was born several hundred years after you had sealed yourself inside this blade. And... the thing is... I've never met her before, but every demon that spoke of her, spoke like she was the most powerful hero to have ever lived. In fact, you were never mentioned."

I turned back to Arthur to see he had lowered his eyes. "So that's how it is, then. I suppose, between your birth and my death, I should have known that another hero would emerge, and maybe they might have been more powerful than me. I shouldn't have assumed..."

Arthur paused for a moment, as I could almost see a lightbulb pop above his head. "...You stated that she had defeated Amelia?"

I nodded. "Yes. Not killed though. She merely sealed her inside of a statue, and I... erm... accidentally broke the statue, releasing her."

"Huh. But Amelia isn't sealed inside of a statue now, obviously. So if that's the case... perhaps she failed in this timeline?"

I shook my head quickly. "No. In the future I came from, Amelia defeated Satan, turned him into a puppet, then at some indeterminate time afterwards, she fought and lost to Joan. During our final battle, Amelia mocked me several times, stating that I was nothing compared to Joan. She spoke of Joan almost in a manner of awe. I daresay that while hating the one who sealed her, she also revered her."

Arthur raised a palm face-up nonchalantly. "Who can blame her? This Joan girl... she sounds very impressive. I'd like to meet her someday, if it were possible."

"But that's the thing. There's no way it could be Joan of Arc, even though all the pieces fit together. I mean, it had to be her, yet it couldn't have been."

Arthur chuckled. "Yes, I can see the confusion. Still, if you have the ability to time travel, who is to say that others don't as well? Perhaps Joan was such a mighty hero that she broke the boundaries of time and space. I don't think you're opening your mind to several different possibilities here."

"I guess."

I'm not convinced. Even if she were this crazy time traveling hero, what reason would she have to travel to the future? And why did historical records indicate she died at the age of 19, burned at the stake? Heh, come to think of it though, the church believed that she used magic which is why they executed her for heresy, and I guess when it's thought of with what I know now, it makes sense. She wasn't just a user of magic, but maybe the most powerful to ever live.

I guess sometimes, they get it right.

After a few moments, I stand up abruptly. "All right, good talk. I need to get back now."

Arthur cocks an eyebrow. "Leaving already? Come, stay a while! Let us drink some mead! What's the rush to get back to boring old politics and women anyway? Both are nothing but trouble!"

"Yeah, but they might affect my physical body, so they matter. Besides, it'll just be a quick chat. I need to see what the moron is up to now. That is, with my own eyes."

"Alright. Whatever." Arthur waved dismissively as a small cup full of booze appeared in front of himself. "Your loss."

Man, when did this legendary hero get so... chummy?

I blink slowly as the artificial universe fades away, and now I'm back in mine.

Harold sends me a mental message. "Hey, kid. Somethin' happened, it's got the big guy on Earth all angry 'n stuff. You'd best git a move on. We'll be arrivin' in 'bout 15 minutes or so."

"What happened?" Stonewall wasn't the sort of person to get angry over nothing. It must be pretty serious.

"Nobody'd tell me a thing. 's all on you, pal."

Fantastic, what a great way to start my day.