Part 140: Adams

I stare down at the corpse below me. It seems to be in otherwise normal condition, thought I can only see the bones with my X-ray vision.

I don't have anything like DNA testing in this world, and nobody here is smart enough to know how to do an autopsy but... there's no stab wound or anything.

W-what if... what if Hope became normal, and took action by killing Adams with a 'Die' spell, then teleported the both of them here while I was away, buried Adams, returned to the castle, and found the clone, then made the clone normal? Then he could simply tell the clone some lies or something... Adams' clone was not mind controlled. It would probably suffer from the same resentment and issues as my clone did, since we effectively set it to the side...

Ah... I just don't know anymore. Too many things are happening. This goes too deep. This _cuts_ too deep.

I've lost too many people today. I can't even feel sad about Adams' death. He and Phoebe were... my closest friends and confidantes. Now that I am fairly sure it was the clone and not Adams doing the betraying...

I just don't know anymore. People die around me. So many people die. Will all of humanity die, because of me? Will Cassiel? I steal a glance at her, she's still staring at me, wondering what's going on. Oh, I forgot to explain it to her.

"Cassiel, Adams, the king, he's also dead. As in... he's really dead. Someone buried him right here."

She quickly steps off the patch of dirt. "Oh that's awful! Why are so many people dying?" She seems genuinely hurt. A man she's never met before, and she feels sorrow for him. Hell, the clone of the man had her tortured and interrogated for two days straight, and she _still_ feels some sadness for his passing. At this point, this angel is more human than I am.

"It is, Cassiel. Let's head back to the castle. I have some questions I need to be asking."

...................................................................

The Yellow Team stood in front of me now. I explained to them the situation as I knew it. As I spoke, my eyes happened to notice an insanely beautiful woman in their group, quietly eyeballing me up and down as she licked her lips. And she was wearing a surprisingly small amount of clothing... and she had a little tail swinging around. Like, a demonic tail with a tapered tip at the end. I know some monsters came to this capital, but her presence is surprising.

Colonel Cody rubbed his eyes. "So... we've been under the orders of a clone of the king for a long time now? Not the actual king?"

I nodded. "I believe so. I don't have all the answers, I was hoping you guys or some of the generals might know."

Saul spoke up next. "Our apologies, God King. We were likely the ones to name that clone, the one called "Hope". We did not intend for things to end up like this."

I frowned as I turned to him. "You named the clone? You didn't give him a designation? Why not?"

Saul shrugged. You created him right there in the maze, and we just... we didn't feel it was right to name what appeared to be a fully living being after a set of numbers and letters. It seemed... cruel."

I nodded. "We know now that it would eventually lead up to a bad ending... but we didn't know then. Don't be so hard on yourself, Saul. Your group did what you thought was right. In the end, the fault lies with me."

Cody coughed as a thought came to mind. "Listen, uh, 'God King'. We have a new problem in any case. Without your clones, we will be badly losing the war effort. Even now, there are reports coming in of many of our forces being slaughtered by the previously weakened Grez. Hell, the Grez alone might be manageable, but now we're dealing with mixed forces. Clones may be out of the question, but surely there must be something you can do to aid us?"

I pondered this. Taking account of the crown, I decided to try something new. "Yellow team, come with me."

We entered the War Room, now in shambles due to the fight between Hope and I earlier. I grimaced, this was not a pretty sight. "Give me a minute."

I once again buffed myself. " _Detect! Infrared! Sonar! Tracking! Targeting! Perception!_ "

I paused. No... we can do better than that. I aimed my hand at my head. " _Enhance! Enhance! Enhance!_ "

Suddenly, my brain was positively _swimming_ in information as I reeled backwards. Giving myself more than a couple minutes for my head to stop spinning, I stared at the rubble in front of me. Aiming my spatial vision at every inch of the palace at once, I cast a very strong spell.

" **RECONSTRUCT!!!** "

The palace rapidly reformed itself around us, as magical amounts of marbled, stone, and gold sprouted out from pillars, broken section of walls, quickly rebuilding the castle all around us.

"Perfect. Let's have a seat."

The floor was still dirty, but I cleaned it with a single word. I'll let the maids and servants get the rest of the castle, they always need some work to do anyway.

Sitting down, I formed a meditative position, as eyes in the room locked onto my sitting form. In front of us, the holomap floated above the Great Table.

Somehow, I believe Hope had created this holomap by enhancing his mind, with the power of the crown. But if he can do it, I can as well.

And then it came to me. After about thirty minutes of meditation while my brain started simulating thousands of battles, thousands of scenarios, and many other such things, I opened my eyes and looked at the men. "I now see how we can win this war without my clones."

Cody stared at me intently. "How? I should very much like to know!"

Everyone in the room nodded eagerly.

"It's simple. We need some new... _toys_."
