Part 139

Clones. I've been playing a dangerous game for too long a time.

I never thought about all the implications of creating clones. I never asked enough questions.

Using the power of the crown, I've started analyzing what I know. I've figured out a surprising number of things. For instance:

-I can have any number of clones active at once, but after a certain number, they stop being distinct signals I can follow in real time, and become like a crowd of people making a lot of noise.

-Furthermore, as clones increase in number, the amount of 'stuff' they take from me (Hope said it was pieces of my heart, but whatever it is, it's still _something_ ) increases, possibly exponentially. This leaves me even further in a foggy and clouded daze.

-Clones aren't actually stupid. I don't know exactly what happened due to reabsorbing the memories of thousands of them at once, but I think someone ordered Hope, or possibly asked Hope, to develop his own personality. I'm not sure to what end, or how much direction they gave him, but the end was disastrous.

-Furthermore, as it turns out, the clones are normal human beings. I essentially summon them in a puppet mode, and they have no ability to react to stimuli unless ordered. They feel pain, emotions, and everything else, but lack any ability to respond... this must be hell for them.

-I can also figure out, based on how I might react if I was a puppet, that this garnered a lot of resentment among the clones. Whichever clone 'Hope' was (Why did he have a normal name?) he was probably angry at being treated like livestock, and when someone decided to order him to develop a personality, he developed one based on revenge and hatred.

But... still. There is that matter of back when I was overcome by the dark artifacts. Might the rage and lack of control have stayed with me? Might the insanity have buried itself inside me, waiting for a chance to reawaken?

I'm thinking a lot harder than I usually do... very strange. I don't usually ponder things this much. Might this have something to do with the archangels? Perhaps the clones I reintegrated increased not just my spirit power vastly, but my mental power as well? I'm not sure, but there seems to be a lot more brainpower here than I remember.

I glance over at Cassiel. She's still staring at the spot where Adams vanished from. When I look at her, she turns back to me and smiles weakly. "Oh... I'm sorry about your friend... that must have been very sad for you."

I shake my head. "No, this may just be good news. That was not my friend, that was a clone of my friend."

I took a few minutes to explain to her what my powers of wordsmithing entailed, diving in-depth into my cloning abilities. She nodded over and over, asking for elaboration in a few areas.

"So, as long as it's a single word, you can make anything happen if there's a literal, or even a stretched interpretation?"

I shrugged. "Yeah, that's basically how it works."

"Ohhh. Then, um, why not picture Adams' face in your mind, and try a word like 'Locate'?"

I stared at Cassiel blankly. You're kidding. That's... THAT'S GENIUS! How did she come up with that so quickly? I've underestimated a being that has lived for millions of years! Come to think of it, Adams was smart as well, and he lived for millions of years as a monster. Perhaps if you're smart, you continue getting smarter and smarter as time goes on, even up to an eternity.

Well anyway, it's worth a shot. " **Locate.** "

Instantly, a red dot appears on my mental map of the castle. The crown shows me his exact spot.

It's... he's... standing a mile or so out behind the castle? That's odd. Why is he there?

I take Cassiel's hand again. I'm getting quite used to this, and she doesn't seem to mind in the slightest. " _Teleport_."

In a flash, we've arrived! We're in an open field but... Adams is nowhere to be seen. I look all over the place, but even with my vision, I don't see him.

"Oh! God King, look!"

Cassiel points at the ground that we're standing on... the dirt has been disturbed.

Almost like... something was buried here. No... no...

I see something buried a few feet under the dirt. It's... a corpse...