Part 094: Epilogue 2

I swallowed hard, as I stared at Hoarhiim's orb. It was silver, and completely dull. The silver looked almost like an unimaginably thick cloud had gathered inside his container.

Phoebe gasped as she saw him. "Oh... oh my... I'm so sorry... I just left for a moment but I didn't... he's..." She had her hand covering her mouth with a shocked expression blanketing her face.

"No, Phoebe, it's not your... fault..." I coughed the last word out. My body still badly ached. "Ah... Beelzebub, heal me please."

Beelzebub robotically walked towards me and then rolled his eyes. "I'm only doing this because you ordered, as I'm just a puppet. But at least you asked nicely." He did some fancy hand motions and my body started violently mending itself again, just as when I had healed myself over a year ago. That bastard, he did it with as much healing power on purpose, just to watch me squirm, didn't he?

After I healed, I quickly rose up and jumped at Hoarhiim's orb, still steadily sitting on its pedestal. And when I grasped ahold of his orb, I was confused but also filled with hope, as his orb was _warm_ to the touch. Not terribly warm, but certainly about 80 degrees or so.

I picked up his orb gently and handed it to Phoebe. "Take him up to my room, I'll be there shortly."

Phoebe nodded and smiled. "By the way, Slayer, it's good to have you back." She turned and walked away.

Huh? Did she call me Slayer? I thought my name was Hero? What the hell?

I then remembered something Hoarhiim had said. _According to Umi's rules, you will be granted a new name._

Umi. I don't know who that is. But if Umi sets the 'rules', then whoever it is, they must be very high up and very powerful.

Come to think of it, what rules was Hoarhiim referring to? I don't know of any rules.

I turned to Beelzebub. Seeing him stand there, robotic-like, I felt a bit of pity for him. With Hoarhiim gone, Beelzebub was the last being alive who had witnessed my powers and abilities after I left Hero City a year ago. Or, well, the last one who was still _alive_. I corrected myself.

"Beelzebub, is there a way I can restore you to your original self but still keep you under my control?" As a puppet, he has to answer honestly. Would be nice if he had at least some personality though, the current him was just depressing.

He turned and looked at me, for once without a robotic expression. "I ceased to be a demon of true sentience when you killed me, however I can become a loyal _dog_ for you who has some semblance of a personality, if you still wish it."

I nodded. "I want your personality to come back."

"Fantastic." His voice was like dry bread scraped over a tongue. "I can't wait to serve you, oh great Slayer."

I paused. "There's that name again, Slayer. Why is everyone calling me Slayer now?"

Beelzebub rolled his eyes again. "Because obviously your actions led to the slaying of a demon so feared and reviled by her own kind that they refused to even break her out of an enchanted prison. I mean it's not the hardest thing in the universe to figure out, you know."

Beelzebub walked over and sat on the stone steps. "Finally, you gave me a degree of autonomy back. I'm so... _thankful_ for your generosity." He let that word, 'thankful', roll off his tongue sarcastically. "I just don't know what I'd do without your guiding hand."

I walked over to him and hunched down, sitting cross legged on the floor in front of him. "Beelz, would you be so kind as to tell me what the 'rules' are for living in this place?"

Beelzebub had a small snarl cross his lips. "Don't you ever call me by- ah, I mean..." His snarl vanished as his face suddenly stiffed and then loosened again. Some effect of Puppet? Was he unable to speak back viciously to his master? Good to know. "...I mean, I'd be _happy_ to tell you. Shocking that you don't know, you've roamed this labyrinth for nearly two years and were totally clueless on protocols that govern it. I'm shocked you're still alive."

I nodded, as Beelzebub began to explain.
