Part 027: History

I still know nothing of this world. I know what this world _is_ (A labyrinth) but I don't know where, why, or how. Nothing makes sense. Every time I learn something new, more questions appear.

But now, something earth shattering has happened. I've found out that another cryopod survivor may exist. I'm not alone here. Based on the rooms that I saw, it could only be one person, the room with the journal. Perhaps that is why she left it behind. But there was no name in the journal, so it might not be her. Who am I kidding? It has to be her. There were only ten people put in cryopods, and 8 of them died gruesome deaths.

I pause that thought. Only ten? What if there were more? This labyrinth is massive. More could have been sent after us. Come to think of it, this doesn't feel like the same universe, given the lack of laws of physics. The law of conservation seems to be in effect, but not the law of physics.

And there's the matter of the lake of acid and fire deep below me. Those are decidedly human souls. If there was ever a description of Hell, that would be it. Was this the future? I can't imagine I'm actually in the future. What if the scientists lied to us. What if something else was done and we ended up here? We could have been like the Mayflower to the Americas, just an initial scouting crew.

And if we did not time travel, then this begs the question, why did they lie to us? Surely knowledge of any kind about what we were going to get ourselves into would have spared us many deaths. But maybe they didn't want to spare our lives. Maybe...

I ignore that thought. Nothing good will come of this line of reasoning.

"King Ghidorah." I look down at him, right in his eyes. "Would it be possible for me to meet Marie?"

"No, I am afraid that is not possible." Ghidorah shook his head. "Marie left us, many upon many cycles ago. We have not seen her for an age or two."

I frowned. "But you said she rules over you. Do you mean like, in your hearts she is always with you or something?"

"No no, she still sends us messages through cockroaches and other small insects. Since we live outside the normal part of the labyrinth in our own little crawlways and tunnels, the only way to contact us is through telepathy or bug-mail, and telepathy can only be used at short range." Ghidorah nodded profusely. I guess it made sense. Damn! And I was so close to finding someone who could get me answers.

"Well, surely you must have an idea where your God is located, correct?" I beckoned around the room and out towards the greater part of the labyrinth. "She must be somewhere, or she might be dead too."

The entire group of lizardmen let out a shrill warcry. "Anyone who kills Marie will face our full might! They will rue the day they were born!" I stared at the group of teeny monsters. I'm pretty sure I could kill all of them at once if I used that 'Push' spell I'd used before and they wouldn't know what hit them. I don't think they realized how insignificant they were.

"Well, if she is still alive, then I must find her. I must take my leave." I stood up straight instead of bending over at the back as I had been doing up to now. My back popped. Ahh, it felt good to stand normally once again.

King Ghidorah nodded. "Wait, before you go, we have a gift for you, as a friend of Marie." I nodded slowly. A gift huh? What could it be? Ghidorah let out a shrill scream towards the hole in the ceiling. "Bring out the feast!"

Feast? FOOD? My mouth watered at the thought. A stupid image of ice cream and cake found its way into my mind. There's no way they'd have that.

...They didn't. It was all chicken. A whole bunch of goddamn chicken.
