Part 360a:

Satan removed his hand from Bael's forehead and let his mouth curl up at the edges as he took a step back. "As you can see, the new system greatly surpasses the previous one."

Bael blinked a few times to clear his head as the images faded into his memories. "How long have you been working on this? I thought you always had to expand manually using your own power?"

"Around ten years, though my luck has really been paying off in spades since the Supreme Commander foolishly brought the seeds back inside of humanity's border's a few years ago. I've infected several humans inside of their London stronghold. Using the information in their minds, I've been able to make this new labyrinth all but impervious to such rudimentary weapons as nuclear bombs." Satan waved his finger in the air and a phantom image appeared in front of him, showing a small cube that was slowly expanding outwards.

"So it uses the energy of those who live inside of it to expand... indefinitely? Does it have any limits?"

Bael, usually a thickheaded idiot, had taken quite the interest in this new labyrinth. Something about it fascinated him, knowing it would be ideal for their species to survive and thrive in.

The First Emperor leaned back against the broken desk, ignoring the dilapidated ruins of this once mighty skyscraper. The two of them were inside of an office building, one that towered thirty stories over the small buildings nearby, yet was dwarfed by others in the area. Fifty years without humans maintaining it had caused it to start sagging. In another fifty, it would surely crumble into dust.

"No limits in particular. I'm still using my own energy to expand it for now, but once it reaches an appropriate size, I'm moving every demon on Earth to it all at once. This will allow it to rapidly expand."

"Every demon? What about the sleeper cells?"

"They won't be needed anymore." Satan smiled smugly as he itched a small tuft of hair growing on his chin. "Only you, Belial and I know about those. Once our people are out, humans can keep their planet. We'll take it over once our numbers have built up again."

Despite his brave words, Satan hesitated. "There is one thing though... that human. Jason Hiro. His abilities are troublesome. Long have I dwelt on how I might be able to cripple him, and yet I have no solution in sight."

Bael stared silently at the First Emperor. Satan had always been tight-lipped regarding Jason's abilities, though why he did not know. Perhaps now he'd be willing to open up. "You know what his abilities are, then?"

"Yes. I had wondered before what might happen if I spoke up, but now I think it is time I brought my generals into the fold. You will be the first to know, followed by Belial and Diablo." Satan paused to gather his thoughts before continuing. "You came to me and warned me of the Shadow's plot against me. He has been a thorn in my side, taking out several key seeds over the years, but I think that now even he cannot stop them. I am worried, though."

"Worried? You?" Bael laughed quickly, though his voice held a tinge of nervousness. "He's just one demon. You have thousands of years of evolutionary time over him, plus countless battles. He could never hope to defeat you."

"You are correct. However, it's not his power that I fear, or the fear that he might overpower me, but the meaning behind his existence. He is not connected to-" Satan hesitated as he shot a sideways glance at Bael before continuing. "-to the dark gods that govern the evolution of demons. He is forging his own path, independent of ours. What if others were to do the same? Chaos and disorder. Humans can live with such things, but demons are orderly, obedient. Demons understand the rule of might makes right. At the least, this is one trait we share with the angels and gods."

"I get it." Bael shifted uncomfortably on his feet. "What does this have to do with Jason Hiro's powers though?"

"His powers are not like those of heroes I've fought before. It's as if he was created to be the antithesis of all that makes me powerful. Any power I have he can counter with a single word... the only reason he has yet to eradicate me is an alarming level of stupidity."

Bael released a breath he didn't know he was holding in. "So you're saying he's a threat, but he's also too stupid to be a real threat. Why not just kill him."

"Nothing would please me more. The problem is that even if I do kill him, he has clones. Thousands of them. All of them have the same powers as he does. This simply isn't a battle I can win with a single pronged strike." Satan pressed his hand to his chest as he turned to stare out a half-broken window at the silent streets below. "Wordsmithing. The ability to create anything one desires with a single word. The only restraint on his power is the simple fact that he cannot chain multiple words together."

Bael stared uneasily at the First Emperor. "Wordsmithing? I don't get it."

"It's simple, so simple it will make your head hurt, yet layered with complexity. If he says 'flame', or 'fire', he can shoot fire from his hands, conjure up a wall of flames, convert water into flame... anything can happen, so long as he frames a mental image in his mind of what he wants to do and it's related to that word."

Bael seemed unconvinced. "Flames aren't going to hurt you. I don't see the problem."

"No, imbecile, they won't. But they _will_ hurt my minions, the lower demons. Ignore the flames for a moment... Jason can kill anything by simply saying 'kill', or 'die', or 'death'. Don't you see? He could end all of demonkind with one word."

The Fourth Emperor seemed stunned for a moment, but quickly recovered. "Maybe, but I find that hard to believe. Even if he's an idiot, there's no way that wouldn't occur to him. You'd be dead right now. I'd be dead. Belial would be dead. Why hasn't he killed us?"

"Well, for the top ten demons, I've already protected us against such simple death words. The downside of words like 'die' or 'death' is that he has to frame a mental image of those he wants to kill, so demons are protected by simple virtue of anonymity. But... that pales in comparison... to what else he could do." Satan quickly turned around and stared Bael in the eye. "He's a true godlike figure, you know. His powers truly have no limits at all. The limits I just spoke of are actually nonexistent for him. He just hasn't realized the limits aren't really there. Once he does, only the mercy of the Creator will protect any he deems an enemy. It would be in our best interests to appease and cower to him."

Bael instantly took a step back. "Appease him? Cower?! I can't believe you'd ever say such a-" He caught himself mid-sentence, as a glimpse of horror spread across Satan's face. The First Emperor was not joking.

"This is a matter of life and death, Bael. This is bigger than either of us, bigger than demonkind even. He's a threat to reality as we know it. The only thing holding back this human are his delicate sensibilities and the morals instilled in him by those of his own kind... and those are fading all the time. He killed someone outright in front of me several years ago, and he didn't shift his emotions at all. If he abandons all forms of morality, then our only salvation is the final emotion that all beings of great power eventually face."

Bael waited but Satan didn't elaborate. "Which is...?"

"Boredom." A strange smile spread across Satan's face as he giggled nervously. "Ha.... haha... that's right. We can only hope that he becomes so bored by the weakness and frailty of humans, or that he tires of helping them out because they will grow too powerful, that he simply ignores the war effort. That's it. I have no counter. If Jason ever realizes his true power, and he decides to weaponize it against us, we're doomed. Doomed... hahaha!"

Satan's entire body shook slightly as waves of giggling emanated from him bit by bit. The sight of the First Emperor tittering like a crazy man sent shivers down Bael's spine.

After several long seconds, the laughter stopped and he wiped at his eyes. "Actually, to be honest, we do have exactly one hope. Because of that fucking suit that he wears though, it probably will never happen, but I'm keeping my hopes in check."

"And what might that be?"

Bael asked, but Satan shook his head in response. "He can read minds, Bael. I have Hades for protection, but you do not. There are some things that even Belial and you cannot know. Let's just say, if my plan ever worked, all of our problems would be solved instantly. It would require Jason to make a mistake so severe that I would have an opening, and it may just happen someday. For now though, I must not let my mental defenses slip."

Bael merely grunted in response.

After a minute, the two of them shifted on their feet and Bael worked up another question in his mind. "Speaking of which, how is Hades doing these days? Surely by now he's adjusted to his life as your backup."

"He fought me at first, but we've grown used to each other over the years. Actually, I'd say we're on... friendly terms now." Satan shrugged slightly. "That's up for debate though."

"Hunf." Bael glanced up at a clock on the wall. "It's about time I return to my duties."

"Yes, I agree. We'll talk again when the time is right. Make sure that shadow isn't up to anything too devious now."

"Can do." Bael lumbered over to the window and hopped out, falling dozens of stories to the ground below as he left Satan to his thoughts.

...........................................................

"To the future! Three years stuck in a black void on our way to making history!" The people around the table cheered and whooped as they slammed their glasses together, leaving even Jorge to smile widely as he bopped his glass mug into those of his crew.

A quick chug later, he downed a quarter of his glass before coughing violently, even as the others at the table laughed at him. "You've gotta get better at boozing it up, captain! You're embarrassing us!" One of the men jabbed him playfully in the ribcage with an elbow as he winked knowingly.

"Sorry guys, I'm still tryin'a be a bit more.... friendly." Jorge chuckled a little bit, as he felt the tips of his ears heating up. He didn't usually get this sloshed, but it was his Navigator's birthday today. Toby was the sort of man who worked without breaks and he deserved to have a good time. It was good to let loose once in a while. "What ya say we play a game'o pool, eh fellas?" He could hear his words mashing together, but he didn't quite have full control of his tongue so he just rolled with it.

"Sounds good, captain. You have to break though." A woman on the other side of the table spoke up. Madelyn, the ship's head doctor. She was a fairly plain looking woman and she dressed somewhat frumpishly, as some of the men had remarked, but she had a good bedside manner and a pleasant disposition.

"I'll do that then." Jorge pulled himself up by his bootstraps and walked a few feet from the drinkers to the pool table where he quickly set the balls up in a triangle formation. Grabbing his favorite cherry stick, he stumbled over to the far side and slapped the cue ball down, took aim, and shoved the stick forwards, missing the ball completely and scuffing the green felt in the process.

"Ha ha! Oy, captain! You've got the aim of a blind man trying to shoot the wings off a fly!" Hawkeye walked into the room, trying mightily to contain his laughter and failing. "How drunk are you right now?"

"I'unno, I had like maybe... a beer're two?" Jorge took aim again, successfully hitting the cue ball this time as it sailed forwards, curved to the right, and slam dunked into the corner pocket, missing the other balls entirely. "Ah, shit."

"He's had three pints already, and he's working on the fourth." Madelyn shot Jorge a look that made him shy away guiltily from her gaze. "Don't worry about it though, he's a sloppy drunk but he could be worse. He doesn't drink often."

"Mmm." Hawkeye walked over and stood close to Jorge as he lined up one final shot, this time firing the cue ball directly into the triangle before him, but with too little power. The cue ball hardly shifted the others and merely glanced off, rolling to the side. Jorge started to curse, but Hawkeye leaned forwards and patted him on the back. "I think you've had enough to drink."

Jorge stared at the formation of pool balls for a few moments. "Yeah, s'think you're right..." He took a step to the side and tripped over his pool stick, forgetting it was still in his hand. Falling forwards, he smashed his head violently against a table and was knocked out cold.

"Jesus!" Everyone at the table leaped to their feet and hustled over to him, though the Navigation officer was first to arrive. "The captain is such a klutz sometimes."

Hawkeye rubbed his forehead. "Don't worry about it. I'll take him to the infirmary. He needs some rest anyway." Hawkeye paused for a moment as he leaned down to wrap Jorge's arm over his back. "Is he usually like this?"

"He mentioned he was kinda depressed recently. He does seem to be opening up a bit though." Madelyn reached down and helped Hawkeye raise the captain up as they both quickly walked him towards the hallway. "Sorry, Toby. We'll be out of your hair now."

"No worries. I just hope the captain's doing okay." The Navigator smiled worriedly as he watched the other two hustle out of the room.

...

A few minutes later, Jorge opened his eyes and winced as the room's lights blasted him in the face. "Crap, feel like I ate a fuckin' anvil with my forehead. Everything hurts."

"That's to be expected. You don't have a concussion or anything, but you took quite the fall." Madelyn walked over and shined a flashlight in his eyes as Hawkeye watched from nearby. "I see a slight bit of bleeding in your eye, so I'll just run a Hypocorder over your head. That should take care of the internal wound." Saying this, she whipped out a medical device, scanned his head, pressed a few buttons, and in seconds the pain was gone.

Hawkeye stared at the device evenly. "Human technology is really something. I might even be out of a job someday if it keeps advancing."

"Huh? What do you mean by that?" Madelyn glanced at him questioningly, but he just shrugged.

"It's nothing. Thank you for taking care of the captain, doctor Frey." Hawkeye gave a small wave and left the room a moment later.

"Nice guy. I never knew the Supreme Commander was so personable until I met his clone." Madelyn spoke, almost to herself before turning back around to Jorge. "You're free to go captain. However, you should really make sure not to overdo it in the future."

"Yeah... you're right." Jorge scratched at the back of his neck, but didn't make a move to get up from the medical chair. "I didn't see you drinking anything."

"Hm? I don't drink. I also don't smoke, but that's only somewhat related. I like to have my wits about me, and I care about my health." Madelyn walked over and sat in a chair across from him. "I have to say though, I've been seeing you in here a lot lately. On the surface, you're doing great and getting along with everyone... but I think you're not being totally honest about your feelings."

Jorge smiled sheepishly. "Was it that obvious? Geez." He wrung his hands together for a moment before continuing. "I uh... I saw my daughter last week. We talked over the starship communication network."

"Right. You mean Hawkeye's dimensional transmitter?"

"Yeah. She looks good. She's 18 now... I haven't seen her or hugged her since she was 15. It's been three years already."

Madelyn nodded neutrally. "Time is unmerciful. Do you regret coming on this trip?"

"Well no... but also yes..." Jorge smiled again, but this time it had a painful aura of fakeness about it. "I haven't been around my family for a long time. I miss them... a lot. But I also know a lot of people here, so it's not like I totally regret it!" He quickly spoke up as if to assuage concerns she might have that he hadn't enjoyed his time at all.

"Captain, let's be clear here. I'm not a psychologist. I do things that make the physical body feel better. I'm not trained for dealing with the mental health of patients, Beverly would be better for that. I'm just not sure what you want from me here..."

"Oh, right. Yeah. Sorry, I just thought since you were a doctor, maybe uh..." He chuckled nervously as he forgot what he was going to say.

Madelyn smiled pleasantly at him. "Look, if you want to talk, I'm happy to do so. I know what it's like being separated from your loved ones. I left my husband behind on Earth to go on this journey. Many others have too, though some brought their families with them. Most people here have made sacrifices... some more than others." Despite her smile, a tinge of sadness could be heard in her voice.

Jorge had a sudden realization as he remembered some rumors he had heard recently. "Oh... that's right... your husband. I'm sorry- I didn't mean to bring that up."

"It's fine. He's gone now, and I'll just have to live with it. I'm over it, really." Madelyn rubbed her arm for a moment before quickly standing up. "In any case, feel free to drop by if you need to talk, captain. Nobody wants you to fail or feel lonely. We're all here for you."

"Thanks, Doctor Frey." Jorge stood up and smiled at her as she smiled back.

"Ah, just call me Madelyn. The formality feels so stiff."

"Same to you, then. Just call me Jorge."

"I'd like that." The two of them smiled and nodded at each other politely before Jorge left the room, heading back to his quarters for the night.
