Part 029 - Error

Looking up that long hallway, I felt irritation. It was still a LONG walk back to the door. It took us half an hour last time. Even at a brisk jog, it was a quarter of an hour.

I was feeling antsy and didn't want to wait that long listening to Amelia and Kar jabber at each other about stupid stuff. So I got an idea in my head.

Raising my hand up and aiming my palm at my body, I tried something new.

"Speed."

I felt nothing. But, hopefully, it boosted my athletic ability, I tried running forward and noticed that Amelia seemed to be following my movement much more slowly, her eyes always lagging a half second behind me. Hm.

Remembering that time I had fought the shadow, I wondered to myself if I had actually slowed time, or if I had simply been moving so fast that my perception of time made the shadow appear to move slowly. Now that I thought about it, seeing Amelia having trouble following my movement, that seemed the likely scenario.

Looking further down the hallway far into the darkness towards the door at the end I currently couldn't see, I raised my palm up and pointed it at my body.

"Speed!"

Again, nothing felt different. Amelia appeared to be frozen, however. Her body was completely unmoving, the movement of the great lake of bodies deep below me was totally still. Yes, this must be the case and this explains what happened to me earlier.

I started to take a step forwards, and instantly an insane amount of pain washed over me, and I felt myself falling, the world spinning, as I blacked out.

I came to, and Amelia was hunched over me, my head in her lap. My entire body was in agony. Glancing over to my right, I saw Kar standing almost eye level to me. He really was short. To my left was the great door. What happened? Did I black out and Amelia carried me all the way here?

"Are you all right??" Amelia looked panicked. "What happened??"

I tried to shake my head but just trying to do so caused me a lot of pain. "I... I tried to speed myself up... and then I passed out... was it too much for my body?"

My head was swimming. Amelia's concern only grew deeper. "One second you were standing there, and the next you ran away! You ran so fast I almost didn't even see you move! You ran towards the great door, and when we got here, your body was lying on the ground in a crumpled mess! You tell ME what happened!"

I couldn't move my head so I had her lift my head so that I could see the state of my body. It was bad. Bones stuck out of various areas. The skin was badly muddled. My nice tunic she had made me was covered in blood.

But I think I know what happened. I only _thought_ my perception had increased with my body's speed. It had not. My body moved insanely fast, far too fast for me to comprehend. I must have raced down the corridor at a speed approaching the speed of sound and smashed into the Great Door. I'm lucky to be alive.

"You're lucky to be alive." said Hoarhiim, once again apparently reading my mind. "That was maybe your greatest display of stupidity yet. As I said before, you're one of the top ten lords in terms of power, but you have no idea how to use any of it so even one of the weakest ones would surely defeat you in combat. And now..."

My body was badly broken. There was no way to heal myself. I couldn't move either of my hands at all, and I could feel my life ebbing away. "Ah... this is it... this is the end..."

I looked up into Amelia's eyes. I don't know why, but I had hoped she'd be crying. Maybe she'd miss me or something. That did not appear to be the case. She certainly looked a little worried, but also a little unconcerned. It made sense I guess, I was just a momentary amusement for her, a small distraction from the boredom of this hell.

"Are you an idiot?" she asked me this flatly. I suddenly felt stupid but didn't know why.

"I mean... maybe?" I don't know why she asked me that.

Raising her hand in the air, she drew some imaginary symbols. I could suddenly feel my strength returning. My bones slowly (But painfully) set themselves back together. My skin mended itself, the crumpled bloody mess that I was slowly became whole again.

An hour later, much longer than it would have taken if I had just patiently walked to the end, my body was whole again. She had even had the foresight to use some cleaning magic to purify my clothes.

"I... didn't know you could use healing magic too..." I eyed Blaarjiim. I guess even the Lord of Darkness wouldn't forgo such useful magic.

"Don't look at Blaarjiim! He had nothing to do with it!" Amelia stood up and crossed her arms smugly. "It was all me! Underestimate the Lord of Flies at your own peril!"

I smiled. "Well, ah, thank you. This was all my fault."

"No kidding." Said Blaarjiim, rolling his eyes. "This could have been hilarious if you'd just had the decency to smash into the wall in front of me. I didn't even get to see anything funny."

That guy, always taking a perverse interest in my suffering.

We finally turned around and examined the door. I decided to try something as a joke.

" _Mellon._ "

I spoke a single word at the door. Nothing happened. Damn, and here I had hoped we wouldn't have to force our way in.

Steeling my body against the door, I gave a mighty push. It's time to solve this mystery.