Part 295a - Dream

Once again, a white void spread out before me, as the imaginary dream world I had been visiting every few nights opened up before me. This was the world that belonged to Arthur, King of the Saxons. One of the many heroes who had laid claim to the Heroic Aura and all its powers, he considered himself to be the strongest hero who ever lived. A bold claim, to be sure, but I had no reason to doubt him, and no way to test him. For now, I would simply agree with him.

As the void began to solidify into something more meaningful around me, I blinked quickly as rain began to fall. The ether reshaped itself into an alien, yet familiar landscape before me, as the skies darkened and turned grey. The grass around my feet was dead and covered in ash, as smoldering fires billowed thick black smoke high into the air, disappearing behind the cloud cover as the wind swept them away. All around me, rolling hills and dead trees were fallen on the ground, as bodies matted down with long-since dried blood lay in various states of putrefaction in piles here and there.

Taking a step forwards, I felt something crunch under my feet, and I glanced down to see an ashen skull crushed into powder. How long had this skull been here, I wondered?

This was, without a doubt, a battlefield that belonged to a massive field of war. The bodies were endless. Only the horizon itself was the limit to how far I could see the carnage stretch.

From a short distance away, just over a small hill, I heard a soft song being played, a song filled with heavy emotions, played on a flute of sorts. Making my way to the top of the hill, I saw who was playing the tune within a few moments; Arthur.

"What is this place? An ancient battlefield?"

Arthur continued to play the flute for a few long moments before slowly lowering it from his lips. "No. This is a figurative field of bodies, covered with the blood of those who have died as a result of Heroes... directly, and indirectly. Both through our actions, and through our inaction. And, more interestingly... I did not create this representation that you see before you, today."

I frowned slightly. "You didn't? But you have full power over the inside of Excalibur's soul dimension. If not you, then... who?"

Arthur glanced over at an oddly armored body, one whose head was shattered in an especially gruesome manner. "Who do you suppose? You, of course. Today, we do not meet inside of the heart of Excalibur. We are meeting inside your own heart, Jason. This battlefield was created due to your own inner conflict and doubt. You are, as we speak, desperately trying to figure out a path to take that will save all three races. An admirable quest, if you ask me, but the hardest possible path one _could_ take."

I follow his gaze to the body with the crushed head. The blood was not the same red or brown color as the others, in fact, it was almost a purplish color... the same color as...

"Is that a Volgrim, over there?"

Arthur shrugs. "I suppose it is. Why do you ask me? You created this place. You have the power to change it." Rising to his feet, he reaches down and pulls Excalibur from its scabbard at his side. "Fight me."

I stare at him in confusion. "Fight you? I mean, I can, but why?"

He tosses Excalibur over to me, as he picks up a sword lying on the ground that has the entire second half of the blade broken in half. "No reason, really. I've been training you for months now, yet you still never bother to use the sword. I wonder why that is? Perhaps a quick sparring match will tell me what I seek to know."

Holding Excalibur up, I compare its long and graceful blade with the roughshod appearance of the broken sword that Arthur is holding. "If you're seeking to beat me with that broken sword, I'm sure it'll be a trifle for you. You are far better with a sword than I could ever hope to be."

Arthur glares at me for a moment before the expression passes as quickly as it came. "Listen to you. That almost sounded like self-pity, and definitely had an element of doubt to it. Why do you doubt your own abilities? I may be the strongest hero that ever lived, but eventually I would expect to be surpassed. No, in fact I would _hope_ to be eventually surpassed. The son must improve upon the father, and the pupil must defeat the master. That is the way of this world."

"So you're saying I can beat you in one on one combat?"

"Probably not." Arthur cocks a small grin as he says this. "But the point isn't to beat me or to lose to me, it's to not give in to doubt, and to put your heart into every swing of the blade. The point is that you must strike with precision... you must act as a leader would, motivating people to your cause. Indecisiveness is what truly kills all great empires. Eventually, the beloved monarch dies and indecision on his part leads to a scuffle for power, as the heir is not properly named, or someone kills the heir to take the throne for themselves, and then eventually everything falls to disrepair. But, done properly, this common end result might be totally avoided."

I grimace at his words. He's certainly put a lot of thought to it, but it's just a lot of complicated philosophy to me. "I suppose, sure. Yeah, that makes sense."

Arthur rolls his eyes as he digs his foot into the ground. "I keep forgetting, you're not the brightest Hero on the block. You understand lessons better when they're beaten into you."

In the blink of an eye, he appears in front of me, swinging his broken sword at my neck. Using my months of training and practice, I deflect it easily, shoving him away with my free hand, just like he always instructed me.

"Good! Your body still remembers the basics!" Suddenly he kicks his foot into the ground, blasting a small rock directly at my head. Moving far too quickly for me to register it's coming, the rock smashes into my face, blasting half of it off as I fly backwards. My vision goes blurry as my body struggles to understand what just happened.

...

An eternity passes as my entire mind swims around trying to understand the catastrophic amount of damage I had just taken. Yet, my mind is still working and I can fundamentally understand what happened.

Then it occurs to me, the damage was all in my mind. This realm doesn't really exist, it's a dream. Blinking quickly, I sit back up and stare ahead blankly, as the battlefield shifts back into focus.

Arthur chuckles softly. "You were out cold for about twenty seconds. It took you that long to realize the wound was imaginary?"

I nod slowly as phantom pain flares up in my face and I lurch forwards, gripping it as I try to rub the pain away.

Arthur sighs. "It's in your head. All your problems are in your head. Just will it to go away and the pain will disappear."

Focusing my mind on the pain, I do as he says, sitting up fully to attention a moment later as the pain does indeed vanish. I blink slowly as I get my bearings straight. "That was... unreal."

"Tch. No kidding. Took half your head clean off. Still, it's just a flesh wound in this world. For you it should be as simple as just shaking it off."

I stand up and face him, noting that Excalibur has somehow ended up placed back into its scabbard at his side. Despite all the mud from the rain that's pouring down, and the fact that sword must have landed in the mud, it's still exquisitely clean, somehow.

"I don't seem to arrive and speak to you unless there's a reason. What's the reason this time?"

Arthur groans in annoyance as he stretches his body a bit. "There doesn't have to be a reason, Jason. But, if I had to guess, it's because you just went half a week without any rest whatsoever and you stretched your mind and body to their limits. On top of that, a lot has happened over the last couple days, and you're feeling mind-shattering levels of guilt because you don't feel you should even be sleeping right now."

I stared at him for a moment before responding. "How do you even know all of that? I thought you couldn't see anything relating to the outside world unless I was holding Excalibur in my hands."

"It's because we're in your mind now, not Excalibur's dimensional seal. I have access to all of your recent memories dating back roughly three weeks or so. You've been a busy man." Arthur glanced over at a pile of bodies nearby. "And while we're on the subject, aren't you tired of this dreary place? Take us somewhere nicer. I'm sick of looking at these bodies."

I blushed as I suddenly felt awkward. "I, uh, sure... but how?"

"Just imagine some place that you know really well, some location you're familiar with. That's how it works for me. Your mind will fill in the blanks."

I nod as I close my eyes and concentrate. Oddly, the place I decide to return to is one I haven't seen in close to a hundred years...

A small room appears around me, the mud and bodies and dead grass vanishing into particles of light. This room is a bland looking room, one with pastel colored walls, an ugly single-size bed covered in ratty looking covers tossed messily on top. The 'kitchen' is a tiny little space in the corner with a microwave and a non-functional oven, along with a two foot by two foot counter. Naturally, it's covered in dirt and grime.

"This is... my old apartment?"

Arthur curled a lip upwards slightly in disgust at all the papers and food left lying around the room. "You used to live here? This place is the hallmark of laziness. What a pigsty."

I glanced downwards in embarrassment. "I don't know why we appeared here. I don't get it at all."

Arthur sighed as he gingerly sat on my bed, his regal armor and kingly figure harshly standing out against the disgusting nature of my old room. "If I had to hazard a guess, I'd say your subconscious brought you here for a reason. This must have been a place you lived at before you discovered your Heroic Aura and all its abilities were manifested. Perhaps, secretly, you're longing for a simpler time when things weren't so complicated."

I shook my head. "No... that can't be the case. I was so miserable before I had my abilities. I didn't have friends, and all of my family were either dead or I didn't know who they were. I worked a dead-end job, barely got passing grades in high-school... that was hell for me. My life has improved immeasurably since gaining my powers."

Arthur turned to look at me with a cautious expression on his face. "Are you sure about that? Has your life truly improved? Perhaps, when you think about it, you'll find that your life has worsened in some ways. After all..." His eyes turned away from mine. "...that's the way it was for me. The daily pressures of having everyone's hopes and dreams resting on my shoulders. The stress of having the world in the palm of my hands... and the failure of when my beloved died."

I turned away from him and stared out the window. Outside, the usually lively streets were empty, and no life could be seen. Naturally, this was a dream, so my mind probably couldn't easily fill in all of the blanks. Still, the emptiness outside filled me with unease, almost as if it were a foreshadowing of the dark future soon to come for the America that I grew up in. "Maybe you're right. 90% of all humans on Earth died over this last week, and I feel very little regarding their deaths. I may have lost friends of my own, but I haven't had a spare moment to check. Beyond that, so many people are looking up to me now, not as a symbol of hope, but as one of tyranny. People don't trust me, because I've kept myself locked behind a mask. Was that the wrong thing to do? Should I come out and identify myself?"

Arthur shrugged nonchalantly. "I don't have all the answers, Jason. You're forging your own path forwards, and you live in a world far different from the one I know of. Still, there are many paths you can take, and if you need help deciding which of those paths specifically to take, I'm always here."

I swallowed hard as a new thought entered my mind. "What about Amelia? I've befriended her as of late, and recently she broke down into a puddle of tears over an internal struggle regarding the devouring of a small child. She seems to be genuinely fighting the hunger that plagues her."

A flash of disgust mixed with rage passed over Arthur's face, vanishing a moment later. "Amelia. I'm not going to say that you're making a huge mistake, as I've warned you about the calamities that follow her everywhere on many occasions. Amelia is beyond trouble, she's a walking catastrophe. And..." Arthur uneasily stared at my chest, unable to bring himself to look into my eyes from his seated position on my bed. "...as I've said on many occasions, I am possibly the strongest Hero who ever lived. However, I say this not to brag, but to drill the importance of caution into your mind. Amelia bested me with little effort. The only reason she hasn't been able to tear you limb from limb is that she hasn't figured you out yet. To her, you're an enigma, a genuine mystery. She follows you because she finds you fascinating. But once you bore her in the end, it's all over."

He coughed quietly to breach the silence for a moment as he gathered his thoughts. "Your body is unbelievably fragile, compared to mine. All your physical abilities are tied up in that Hypersuit of yours. It surely makes you a far better fighter than even me. But, without the suit, you're barely better than an ordinary human. Not even a strong human, just an average one. Your large body masks how poorly you've trained your physical aura. You depend entirely on that Hypersuit, and to me, even in this dream world, it shows."

As he verbally chided me, I nodded slowly. "Then what can I do? My body has many strong regeneration spells placed on it, plus I can use the scabbard of Excalibur to enhance those further. Heck, I can even, if the going gets rough, use 'Invulnerability' and 'Invincibility' to make myself completely unbeatable."

"Oh? Then why haven't you?" Arthur cocked a small grin. "If it's that easy, why not walk around with your body constantly invincible?"

"Well, it has side effects. I lose my sense of touch all over my body, which can be rather disorienting. It's the same thing as when I enhanced my speed casually in the future, the side effects were that my mind couldn't keep up with the speed in the future, and I nearly died slamming into a wall. To make enhanced speed more viable, I created this Hypersuit with its AI. It compensates for my brain being too slow to process how fast I move at peak performance."

Arthur stood up from the bed and wandered over towards a pile of random junk I had never bothered to clean up. Leaning down, he shuffled through it slowly. "I guess you've got it all figured out then, huh? But if this suit is so great, then how come Satan actually killed you?"

I felt phantom pain all throughout my body, as the memory of ten trillion icicles exploding in my chest resurfaced. "That was... unexpected, but luckily my clone was able to revive me. You're right though, it could have been much worse."

Arthur chuckled as he pulled up a Superman figurine out of the pile of junk he was rooting around in. "Heh, if only you knew. You're very lucky. If Satan had managed to steal your abilities, there would be no defense against his unstoppable power. Nobody in the universe would be able to stand up to him."

I frowned at his words. "What do you mean? Satan can steal powers?"

"Yes. I don't know how he does it, but he has a technique that allows him to steal abilities from any Hero, demon, angel, or god that he kills. Given how many he's killed over the years, he's already a nearly unstoppable monster. You might be the only one who can defeat him."

I stared down at my own gloved hand as a feeling of unease washed over me once again. "No... there is another."

"Amelia?"

I nodded silently.

"Perhaps. I don't know the details, but if my fight with her is anything to go by, she might be made of the right stuff."

The sun started peeking through my windows as the alarm by the side of my bed began to beep. Arthur cast a sidelong glance at it. "Nice touch. Your alarm is going off in the real world too, you know. It seems our time here is once again coming to an end."

I felt the world around me beginning to fade. Sighing loudly, I smiled at Arthur. "Thank you for the talk, Arthur. As usual, you've helped me out a great deal."

"Any time, drop by. I'm not going anywhere, but you already knew that."

I nodded as the haze vanished completely and Arthur evaporated into the mist...