Part 337a: Moles

"Uhhhh.... hahhhh... what?" Clarence drearily blinked his eyes open, as he looked around at the absolute pitch blackness surrounding him. No, wait, that wasn't correct. In fact, it wasn't pitch blackness, but a blinding whiteness, surrounding him from all directions, like the brightness of ten thousand spotlights all at once. It made his brain scream in agony.

He closed his eyes for a few moments and rubbed them, suddenly realizing he was somehow standing up. Standing? That didn't make any sense. Hadn't he just been stabbed a few moments before? Or was that an eternity ago? Where was the pain?

Questions began to arise as he opened his eyes again, squinting carefully to try and get his bearings.

Grass. There was a strange grass all around him, a sort of blueish hue that didn't quite look like the kind he had seen on Earth. He smiled involuntarily. _Bluegrass. Heh._

The smile passed a moment later, as he realized there was movement. From every direction, his mind began to discern the impression of sound. It was as if he had exited a vacuum and all of his senses were turning on slowly, one by one, similar to a computer turning on its components piece by piece.

He sniffed the air, but no fragrance was noticeable. Familiar looking, yet alien figures moved and milled about. Hundreds of them. Thousands. No... _millions_. As far as he could see, in tightly packed clusters here and there, they chattered at one another, their voices forming an unbearable cacophony of distracting noise. Clarence covered his ears, wincing as the noise was barely muted.

After a minute or so, the noise became less unbearable as he seemed to adjust to it. He had begun to realize what was going on... and what had happened to him. There could be no doubt, these were angels moving about. The wings made that part especially obvious. If there were millions of angels all around him, then that could only mean...

"This is Heaven?" He stared around, dumbfounded, as the question left his lips almost involuntarily.

"Duh." A woman sat nearby, her dark red hair spilling down her white robes and all around her back and chest. She seemed unthinkably bored. "You're a real master of the obvious."

Clarence tilted his head over to look at her, catching a glimpse of his own wings as he jerked his head back in awe to stare at them. He quickly regained his composure as he fully turned to face the woman sitting on the grass. "You're sitting down on the ground? Even with all these, err, angels around? Aren't you worried you'll get trampled?"

The woman chuckled. "That's cute. You're a funny guy. At this point, I don't think it would hurt... being stepped on, I mean." Her face crinkled into an odd expression as she slowly gazed away. "What a pity I had to end up here. You, however, seem totally dumbfounded."

Clarence shrugged nonchalantly as he looked back and forth. "Truth be told, I had always hoped I'd end up in heaven, at least for the last few years... I mean, considering I dedicated my life to the service of God, it seemed obvious. It's just... the manner in which I died was..."

She flippantly waved her hand at him. "Oh _please_. You don't know the half of it. To be honest, I always assumed I would go to heaven if I died, I was just trying to avoid that. This place is like a fucking prison." She waved her hand around dramatically at all the angels milling about as they stared ahead vacantly. "Look at all these soulless lemmings. They have no hope of escape."

"Escape?" Clarence cocked an eyebrow at her as he eased down and sat a few feet away from her. The strangely colored grass was remarkably soft, not like the grass on Earth. It was like sitting on a bed of feathers. No wonder she was sitting. "Why would we want to escape?"

"Christ. You really are brand new. There's not a goddamn thing to do here. No technology, no cars, no viewscreens, no holographic projectors, not even a chessboard. All you can do is talk to others who are stuck here just like you. That's it. And better yet, if you try and make a ruckus, the Guardians will come and break it up in an instant."

Clarence felt his heart quiver slightly. "So we're always being watched, then? You're right, this place really is like a prison."

The woman detected his fear immediately. She was quite perceptive. "I don't know what got you killed, but even if the person who killed you ends up here, don't worry about it. The morons who run this place are so inefficient that they don't bother with a registry. There's something like a hundred million souls wandering about, and the archangels have no idea who any of them are. They probably don't care, either."

Clarence nodded slowly. "So... even if, say, my mother and father are up here... they're going to be tough to find?"

"To say the least. Imagine living in a place thirty times bigger than New York City, and the way you decide to find your long-lost lover is by going around knocking on doors. You'll never find them." She sighed dramatically again, suddenly standing up in a motion so fast Clarence could barely follow the movement with his eyes. "Enough chit-chat. Let's take a walk."

Clarence blinked in surprise before clumsily climbing back up to his feet, feeling miffed that he had just sat down and was already getting back up again. Strangely though, he didn't feel tired by the movement. His body felt more youthful than it ever had... even in his youth! He felt like an Atlantean of myth, or something similar. He was tempted to hunt for a steel pipe to see if he could bend it with his bare hands.

As he marveled, he quickly realized the red-haired beauty was already striking off on her own, striding out into the throng with purpose. He quickly ran to catch up, feeling ecstatic and how fast he could move without losing his breath. Truly, the body of an angel was far superior to that of a human.

"Where are we going?" Clarence's excitement died down as he walked beside her. She seemed to be heading in a straight line towards an unknown destination.

"This place is in a different dimension from Earth. Because of that, it's impossible to get out of here unless you're capable of creating a rift in one way or another. I might be a genius, but without tools, it's impossible for me."

Clarence nodded along as they walked. "I see. So if it's impossible, then...?"

"Obviously the archangels and gods have a way of getting to Earth. I'll show you what that method is."

Clarence swallowed carefully. "You're not going to make me into your apostle or something, are you? I mean, I'm not exactly fond of the gods and angels, but I only just got here. I need to get my bearings before I do anything... serious."

"Calm your pants, fly-boy. We're just going to go take a look. There's not a chance of escaping this place until I've formulated a plan first. I'll need a lot more than a few hours for that."

Clarence blinked quickly. "You've only been here a few hours? But... you know so much about this place already. How is that possible?"

She smirked. "I make it my business to know all the secrets of the universe. If anything, my dying will probably work out to my advantage, since now I can do some damage from the _inside_."

She paused suddenly, turning to face Clarence. He came to a halt and stumbled slightly, unnerved by how quickly she could shift moods. "Let me make this clear, black man. I don't need a sidekick, or help from anyone. I've simply perceived that you have something of a grudge towards the angels. If you wish to help me, feel free. Otherwise, staying out of my way would be advisable."

Clarence grimaced at her flippant reference to his skin color. "I have a name, just so you know. It's Clarence. But you're right, I do have a... grudge against them. You're good at reading people, I'll give you that."

She smirked again, an expression she was fond of making. She seemed to feel little emotion other than contempt beneath her exterior. "Right, _Clarence_. I'm Marie. If you're no friend of the angels, then we can treat each other as allies. But let's keep it professional, understand?"

"Professional. Right. I can do that." Clarence nodded dumbly as he stared into her fiery reddish eyes, the eyes of a woman that burned for a passion far beyond anything mortal pleasure could bring.

Before he could say anything else, she had already turned and started walking again, towards some unknown goal far off over the horizon.

Several hours passed, and soon Clarence was beginning to see a building in the distance. Even with his superhuman vision that he had acquired as part of his transformation, it was still rather hazy. Strangely, he seemed to be imagining that it rather resembled a modern courthouse building.

Marie finally slowed down the pace as both of them paused just barely on the border of visibility. Neither one was having difficulty breathing, given both of their bodies apparently needed neither rest nor sustenance anymore. The feeling was foreign, yet familiar.

"There it is. The Temple of the Gods. Version two, I guess." Marie chortled to herself at some joke that Clarence didn't understand, before regaining her composure a few seconds later. "This is where the holier-than-thous live. You and I, of course, are false angels. The real angels, the royal kind, live there. Only a few thousand or so remain, and they all live lazy opulent lives of haphazard decadence. Several hundred gods and a few thousand pure angels is all that remains of what was once the glorious Army of Heaven."

She paused as she glanced over at his chest for an instant before looking away. "If what you say is correct, then the Archangel Raphael would be one who lives here. If you weren't lying and he really did kill you, then he'll be here."

"You're certain he isn't looking for me?" Clarence bit his lip as he flicked his eyes around uneasily. There were still ridiculous numbers of angels moving all around them. In fact, this place seemed even more densely packed than the place he had arrived at.

"Calm down. The resurrection system is essentially automated at this point. The angels have little to nothing to do with it. They simply sit back, let the humans give them the energy they need to live, and send out pseudo-angels to fight battles if needed. They don't care in the slightest about who arrives here, so long as they can be forced to fight for the glory of 'God'."

Marie snickered evilly to herself. "That's the beauty of it. The portal that leads out of here is heavily guarded, but they never realized that a non-believer could arrive in heaven by simply giving energy every night half-heartedly to the gods. I was smart to do that for all those years. Naturally." Marie grinned as she heaped lavish praise upon herself.

Clarence prevented himself from releasing an upturned lip. _Disgusting._ As a faker when it came to praising God, even he thought she could take things a little too far now and then. "I bet you feel pretty satisfied with how things turned out."

"Indeed." Her smile evaporated once again as her mood shifted in an instant. "That's not important, though. Tell me, Clarence. You said you were a famous preacher, on Earth. How famous, exactly?"

Clarence blushed slightly. "Well, I successfully converted five million people to the path of God. in one way or another. Honestly, after a while I began to feel as if I had some kind of divine gift. People would believe anything I told them, no matter how crazy."

He paused as a stray strand of hair fell over his eye. "Honestly, it made me feel uncomfortable. I simply had too much power. All that, and I was leading a degenerate lifestyle."

"Hmm." Marie hemmed and hawed to herself for a moment. "It wasn't you. Don't be too hard on yourself. I suspect the gods were meddling somehow, probably giving you some ability to influence the minds of those who heard your words. It's just like standard persuasion techniques, but enhanced to be a bit stronger. The amount of energy it takes is quite considerable though, which leads me to wonder..." Marie hesitated for a moment as she reached up and tapped her lip. _How did the gods get that kind of energy?_

Clarence slumped to the ground and sat as he stared ahead numbly. "They used me. Damn! I was such a fool."

"Damn straight. But hey, you will have your revenge, I believe." Marie's lips twitched as she held in a laugh. Oh how _precious_. She had somehow stumbled upon the absolutely perfect person to further a plan she had never believed possible. The end of the angels.

Based on everything he had told her during the walk, he wasn't even a real preacher, at least not one who believed the word of God wholeheartedly. He was simply a con artist who had used religion to make a quick buck. He was unscrupulous, to say the least, but he also seemed to have been developing that pesky thing called a conscience in the last few years.

_But hey, I can drive that out of him with some good old divide-and-conquer tactics. Just tell him he was used, build up some anger, and then that conscience goes right out the window. After that, he's mine to use. Men are so predictable._

Marie grinned to herself as she shot a glance to the pouting man-child sitting on the ground a few feet away.

"How... how do we get revenge? What can the two of us possibly do against an army of angels? And why are you so intent on causing them harm, anyway?" Clarence glanced up at her suspiciously with the last sentence. She swallowed another laugh.

"You were stabbed and killed by an archangel. Similarly, the angels killed my mother and father. I've hated them ever since, especially when I came to find out how they were using humanity for their own selfish gain." Marie slid the lies out so easily that her heart rate didn't waver in the slightest. Parents? They died when she was an infant. She couldn't care less about them. "As for what the two of us can do, let's save that for once we've managed to escape this place. We-..." She halted as a loud commotion could be heard far in the distance. Pseudo-angels had begun swarming forwards, as if to greet some new visitor.

"Well, look at that. This might even be our chance." Marie grinned wickedly as she quickly took off in the direction of the commotion. "Come along now, Clarence! Let's see what's going on!"

Clarence quickly stood up and chased after her. "Wait for me!"
