Part 065

The demon walked towards me slowly. I started to back up, but paused, realizing that I should not show fear in front of a singular monster.

As it drew closer to me and my torch, I slowly stopped shaking as I realized it was simply a muscular young man, perhaps 20 years of age. He had long blonde hair, it draped down past his shoulders. He wore a golden crown, and white armor that seemed to be made out of some fantastic metal I couldn't pinpoint. Strangely, despite being a resident of this hell, he wielded no weapon.

The young man walked towards me. I noticed that his bright white eyes, though possessing no pupils, seemed to be staring at the ground as he walked. "Lower your weapon. I mean you no harm."

I didn't really wish to comply, but something about the man screamed that I should not attempt to fight him, as not only was it pointless and I seemed sure to lose, but he did not seem to be my enemy. "Who are you?"

The man paused as he stared at the ground. "I am... just a traveler. I live in this labyrinth as I must now do so."

I nodded. The man had clearly seen battle. His armor, though pure white, was covered in various scratches, dents, and scuff marks. "It's good to see another face here. My name is General Todoro. It is good to meet you, traveler."

The man suddenly held up his hand at me. "Do not give out your name so easily in this place. Your true name can be used to curse and hex you by all manner of foul beasts."

I swallowed and nodded. "Of... of course, thank you for the warning. I shall be sure to heed it."

The traveler smiled. It was a thin, wispy smile, barely even there. One could confuse it for a slight curving of the lips. "It's been a long time since I saw another human. Almost a year, in fact. Why are you running around here? Do you have a death wish?"

I slowly shook my head as I gazed at the floor. "I come from a country, or a world, or... some place. I entered this maze with my companions, we had to find the source of the Dark Witch's power. She has killed many of my countrymen, and she threatens the existence of my people."

The man slowly nodded. "Dark Witch, you say? Could you describe her for me?"

"Yes. She wears a black dress, has a dark sword at her waist, and she carried a black orb in her left hand. She is small, one could almost confuse her for a small child if she were not such a ferocious demon. She has long black hair and wears a blood red ribbon in it." I described her appearance, and as I did, the traveler slowly stiffened.

"It can only be Amelia. Why is she attacking humans? So strange. I had not thought her to be one who would do such a thing. Where is she now?" He waved his hand in the air, making various motions, almost as if manipulating some invisible object.

I shook my head again. "I don't know. Wherever my kingdom is, she is there. I cannot find it. The path has changed too many times."

He nodded knowingly. "Yes. You are trapped in a shifting maze of shadows and deceit. Only one with a pure heart can lead the way." He smiled at me wryly. "Or, one with a map. I have such a thing."

I narrowed my eyes, feeling perplexed. "A map? How can one make such a thing? Would a map not be useless in a maze that changes shape?"

He nodded. "I have a special map, it's only visible to me and it shows me a great many things. I have used it to track prey, escape down hidden paths, and plot my way towards my eventual destination."

I nodded quickly. "I see! Very useful! And where might you be headed?"

His unseeing eyes slowly curved up towards me as he stared into my eyes. "I'm heading towards the bottom. The very bottom of these Pits of Sheol."