Part 207a - Alex

The people in the building mulled around, talking to each other about this and that. A few thousand of them were packed into one room, each facing the front wall, with a laptop in front of them and a desk the laptop sat on.

The NSA, National Security Agency. Originally created to protect the interests of the country from external and internal threats to the country's national interest, it now had a top secret goal that 1% of its agents -the ones with the highest level of security clearance- were working on.

Unbeknownst to 99% of humanity, angels and demons were real. Luckily, thanks to some slick diplomacy over the last few hundred years, America had become a superpower on Earth, though the real reason was unknown to all but the highest levels of government and military interests across the world.

Alex Sheppard typed away at his keyboard as he puffed on a cigarette. His suit had decayed over the years, but he was much too stingy with money to bother replacing it. Besides, it had lots of life left in it. He scratched his thin beard as he typed, sometimes pausing to reflect on his words before continuing onwards.

Unlike the other plebians here, Alex was a high clearance individual. He _knew things_ and thus got his own soundproofed office, for privacy. It even had tinting on the windows so nobody could see in, and a door that pulled outwards, so it wouldn't easily be kicked in.

Unlike a decade ago, when he had been one of the rookies on the floor, he now was able to enjoy a nice, silent office. Sweet, sweet serenity.

His phone rang, and seeing it was from the director of the ATF, he passed it through the secure line.

"Mrs. Harris, a pleasure as always."

An older woman's voice came through crisp and clear. "Alex, still working in that dump?"

He crinkled his eyes shut for a moment before responding. "The pay's good, you know. Six digits."

"Right. I make eight though."

"Of course you do. But you're not calling to humble-brag, are you? C'mon, there must be something else."

She sighed. "I received a memo from the new President. Things are changing at Area White. The 'dogs' turned up cold. Have you heard anything?"

Alex shrugged, though she couldn't see it through the phone. "Nah, haven't heard a thing. I know the new project MJ12 are working on is real hush hush, something about a botnet, if you can believe it. But as for Area White, you know how reclusive they are."

"We're lucky they're on our side." Mrs. Harris sighed again.

"You sure about that? From what I understand, it's a give and take relationship, and we're not exactly getting the best deal here." Alex took one last drag on his cigarette, as he jammed it down into the ashtray.

"Yeah, it's probably true... But listen, there's something else. I heard rumors from one of our agents at a black site. A cadaver appeared in a room and the stiff seemed off. They think he was dead before the supposed method of suicide was even used."

Alex leaned forwards in his chair. "No. Haven't heard a thing. Fill me in."

"Right, they traced the location of a Type 3 energy signature, and when they got there, nobody was home. They managed to identify the source and cornered him, bringing him to the site. After an interrogation reached no conclusion, they threw him into lockup, and a few hours later, he turned up dead."

Alex nodded. "Okay... so what's the problem?"

"It's the body itself. The guy didn't die of asphyxiation. Hell, they aren't sure _what_ he died of, they only know it sure as hell wasn't choking to death by a noose. No struggle marks, anything like that."

Alex stared ahead at his tinted window, as he watched outlines of people moving around outside his office. "What are you saying, Judy? Are you implying he somehow faked his death? How?"

"We don't know how. My contact is following up on some leads but... you and I both know Type 3 Energy is exceedingly rare."

Alex nodded thoughtfully. "What's it been, 19 years since we detected it? Twenty?"

"Eighteen years, nine months, Alex. This is big. We knew it would show up again, we just didn't expect it to light up the grid like a firecracker in the dead of night."

"Goddamn straight. Tell you what, why don't you meet up with me for coffee? We'll talk somewhere private. I keep getting this feeling like I'm being watched, lately."

"Yes, Alex. That would be... nice. We haven't talked in a long time, face to face. You know... like we used to?"

Alex sighed. "Judy... it can't be like that now. I have a wife... kids... and I know you've got a set of your own too."

There was a pause on the line. "...Yeah. I know. I'll talk with you in a bit, Alex. Same place as last time?"

"Sure. Same place."

Alex heard a click as she hung up the phone. Then he set his phone down and sat in his chair, finishing off another cigarette before picking up his jacket and hat, as he got up to leave.

Just before he opened the door, Alex glanced over at the back corner of the room, opposite the door. He could have sworn he saw something move, but... no... it must have been his imagination. There was obviously nothing there.

There couldn't be anything there.

Alex stepped out of his office as he locked the door behind himself, off to see a woman he hadn't seen in a long time.