Part 125 - Quiet

Ugh... hell... fuck... everything hurts...

I wake up in a daze. My head is pounding, and I feel lethargic. I can't seem to move my body in the slightest.

As I awaken, I notice something terrifying. _All of my 360 degree spatial vision is gone_. I can't see anything at all. I can only hear things. And... all I hear is breathing, creepy breathing from multiple people in the same room as me.

I'm beginning to feel a bit spooked as my eyes open and I realize that not only are my feet tied together, and my hands are bound behind my back... I'm suspended from the ceiling?!

I appear to be in some form of a straitjacket. It's hard to tell, but something is constricting my entire body tightly.

As these thoughts race through my mind, I hear an echoing _boom_ in the distance. Footsteps. Two or three sets, I think, though it's hard to tell.

The footsteps draw nearer, and a door creaks open, the sound making an ominous echoing sound, like I'm in some underground room. Prison?! No, this must be a practical joke, there's no way-

"Slayer, so good to see you awake. Sorry about, eh, stringing you up like a pig for the slaughter. It was necessary." Captain Adams was speaking. I'd recognize his voice anywhere. The voice of a close friend, a comrade, a trusted agent... _a betrayer_.

I opened my mouth to speak, and nothing came out. No words at all. I felt my mouth making movements, and I could push air up my throat, but nothing came out. And when I opened my mouth, I felt horribly nauseous, likely because I am strung upside-down.

Another voice speaks. _My voice, again._ But this voice comes from another person that entered with Adams.

"My apologies _Slayer_, but we had to do this. You're a failure in more ways than one, and your doubting the King will be the undoing of the human race. I'll be taking over as the new Slayer now." This was definitely my voice. A sentient clone?! One with intelligence and a personality?! Had Adams or someone else figured out a way to make one of my clones into a normalized puppet in the same way as Beelzebub?!

The clone continued speaking. "Allow me to explain the current situation to you. You're currently suspended by your legs about two feet from the floor. I cast Silence on you, so you're unable to speak. I know of your infinite 'storage' ability and as one of the last clones you created, I have all your recent memories, so I'm perfectly aware of the artifacts you're hiding. However, without the ability to speak, you cannot summon any of them. In fact, without the ability to speak, and with me dispelling all your abilities and buffs, you're essentially helpless, even if we weren't to string you up like this."

I could feel tears forming as I wordlessly opened my mouth to protest and beg Adams not to make a horrible mistake. Why would he do this to me?! HOW?! I gave the clones the orders to obey me above all others, _then_ Adams, then their commanding officers! Why would-

...Ah. That explains it. If just one clone somehow, in some way, gained sentience, and I was away, Adams could have ordered the clone to ignore orders from everyone but himself. Then he could have ordered the clone to knock me out. That would explain why the clone didn't appear anywhere in my spatial vision. Perhaps the clone was shielding his presence with a word spell.

Adams spoke again. "Sorry about putting you in this position, old friend. If you had just kept things the way they were, you would have been fine. But your hesitation and greed could cost humanity the war. Hope will be taking over for you in all your daily functions, so even the people un-involved with this plot won't notice that you're missing. As for why we didn't just kill you? Well, we're not sure if killing you will dispel all of your clones. If that happened, chaos would come and thanks to our angering of the demons, we'd surely be overrun."

He sighed, a long, hard, drawn out breath. "I wish... it didn't have to end up this way. We will go on living just fine without you. But you... I always considered you a friend. Even now, I still do. But you're simply in the way now, you're an impediment to the future of humanity as you are now. My deepest apologies."

As they turned to leave the room, Adams turned to look at me. "Oh yes, you've been out of it for a couple days. I just had Hope declare me the King of the humans. Something _you_ never had the will to make happen. Always calling me 'captain'. What an insult. After all my leadership and abilities I've shown, you always treated me like a sideshow. I'm so... tired of this. Farewell, Slayer."

And with that, they left. I was alone now, with what were apparently guards, in my prison cell.

_Fuck._