Part 456c: The Clone Wars

"Sorry mister Hero, sir, I ain't know nothin' 'bout no kid." The middle-aged man tosses his hands up and thumbs his finger back at the church behind him. "The abbey runs an orphanage on the side, but they only gots a dozen kids 'r so."

Cassiel nudges me aside. "What about a man named Lorence? I hear he went missing two days ago. Do you know anything about him?"

The man frowns and screws up his face. "Mmm, Lorence? He's an old fart, ain't he? In his seventies, I reckon. Barely got outta the house, only came to church once a month. He done gone missing too?"

"Yes." Cassiel nods sadly. "So you say he was infirm? Not very strong?"

"Just about, Divine Mother. Lorence'd lose in a fight to a toddler, haha!"

I thank the man and pull Cassiel away as we head to the church. "Cass, have you noticed a pattern with the victims yet?"

She shakes her head. "Other than the time of day, not really. Have you?"

"Yeah. I have yet to hear of one person going missing who was in the prime of their life. It's always kids and old people. You know, those who are weak and defenseless."

Cassiel's eyes widen. "Oh! You're right! So that means whoever's abducting them is-"

I interrupt her. "We don't yet know these are abductions. Let's not jump the gun."

"Oh, right. Sorry." She blushes slightly. "Well, in any case, _if_ they're being abducted, someone is targeting them because they need easy prey. What about the demon victims? Any thoughts?"

"I don't know enough, yet. Might be a vigilante, might be a false trail to throw us off the human victims, and it might even be a series of coincidental suicides. Tough to say. Only three demons have been murdered so far, so compared to the dozen humans; I'd say they're a lower priority for now."

"Huh?" Cass looks miffed. "A lower priority? Just because they're demons?"

"No, Cass, because there are only three victims. The humans are still being targeted, but the demon-killer is inconsistent." I shake my head as we stroll into the church. "Of all people, I'll be the last one to ignore demons as victims _just_ because they're demons."

"I hope so," Cass says, seeming unusually reserved as I push the doors open.

The church is empty right now, as it's not a day for worship. A single man in black robes quietly walks around, pushing a broom back and forth as he cleans up his floor. When he hears the door open, he looks up at us. "Sorry, but the church is closed for cleaning and- oh!" The instant he spots Cassiel, his visage changes. "The Divine Mother! My word!"

I'm a little annoyed he doesn't mention me, but as he jogs over to us, his smile widens. "And the God-King himself! It is my greatest pleasure to welcome both of you to my church! I am Father Matlock, but you can call me Morgan if you please!"

Morgan Matlock, huh? Pale skin, a giant bald patch on top of his head, and so many freckles on his cheeks it's a little absurd. He's harmless. Might be helpful for our investigation, though.

Cassiel bows and smiles sweetly at him. "Father Matlock, I've been looking forward to meeting you. I've heard... _many rumors_ about your church and the things you teach here."

His church isn't anything special. Wooden benches, a generic symbol of some random bird above the pulpit... heck, for me, it even feels a little weird. Being in a church without Jesus on a cross isn't something I'm used to, let alone how familiar crosses are to me. Sometimes I forget just how foreign the culture in the Labyrinth is, compared to how I grew up.

Morgan nods excitedly. "Yes, yes! I've been spreading the word about your heroic deeds throughout all of Hero City! The Divine Mother, capable of blasting the demons back to the darkest pits of Hell with one hand, and bringing the dead back with her other! Your tales will erupt like wildfire as people preach the good word to their friends and neighbors."

My girlfriend smiles again, but this time barely concealing a small level of annoyance. "W-well, about those teachings. Um, you see, I wanted to ask you some questions about a few missing people, but I also wanted to... correct a few things you've been teaching the flock."

It takes a moment, but Morgan's eyes widen in horror. "Oh, goodness! Have I missed your more impressive deeds?! Have I failed to inform enough people of the lives you've saved? Say the word, my lady, and I will cast myself onto a sword in your honor!"

It's at this moment that I realize an awful truth. _This guy's a zealot. A fanatic zealot. Cass doesn't know what she's gotten herself into._

"No, no, that isn't necessary! Actually, you've exaggerated a few things a little too-"

"Is this regarding the Seven Virtues?!" Morgan's eyes slam shut and he pounds on his chest. "I beg your forgiveness! I thought that if I gave your figure a few faults, people would have something to aspire to! I will remove them from the record at once. Everyone will know you are the perfect Mother to watch over us all."

Cassiel's face contorts as she desperately forces a grimace down and manages to keep smiling. "No! No, that isn't necessary at all! I simply haven't done the things that you've claimed. I didn't kill any demons. I'd never do such a thing, for I despise war and violence."

Father Matlock opens his eyes and stares at her in confusion. "But, the archdemon, Bael! And the Ancient Deity of Supreme Evil, Diablo! I heard you smote them out of existence with a blast of divine light! Were the soldiers wrong? Have they lied to me?!"

"That wasn't me, I'm afraid. That was actually-" Cassiel pauses, glancing back at me.

_Wait, is she seriously thinking I don't know it was Samantha who beat the living shit out of Diablo? I thought we went over this!_

It occurs to me that I never outright said I knew, but Cass seems dead-set on not telling me what happened. "Okay, you got me there. I didn't kill Diablo, though! I just weakened him and sent him scurrying away."

Morgan nods, his mouth hanging agape. "Ah! I see, now. So the error lies in my underestimation of your beautiful forgiveness of your foes! How wonderful, how saintly! To spare thy enemy to convert them to thy cause, you must be a most kind and forgiving Divine Mother. I have made you out to be a murderous monster, but in truth, you wish only for love and peace upon the world!"

Cass gnaws at her lip and shoots another glance at me, but I can't read her expression. "Well, that's a little more accurate, I guess. I'm certainly going for more of the 'peaceful' aspect than-"

"Wonderful! Blessed be your name! I shall preach your will from the highest mountains and the tallest buildings! By day's end, this new guidance will become doctrine in our church. Anything for you, my lady!"

Finally breaking down, Cassiel just scowls. "Yeah, I suppose that works."

The Father doesn't notice her irritation. "Splendid, just splendid! What else can I do to help the God-King and the Divine Mother?"

Deciding Cassiel is suddenly not in the right mood to be talking to him, I gently pull her a little behind me. "Perhaps you can assist us with one other thing. There have been a series of disappearances lately. A little girl named Susie vanished in the middle of the night, as well as an older man named Lorence, and several other people. About a dozen, by my count. Do you have anything that can give us a lead? Even the smallest detail can help us find them."

Morgan's expression deflates. Darkness shrouds his face. "Ah, them? They're dead, I'm afraid. Quite dead."

His sudden change in expression chills me. "How do you know that? Do you have proof?"

He nods slowly. "Indeed, I do. Members of my flock found the bodies. Mutilated, chewed up, and their throats were always scorched with fire, as if someone had plunged a torch down their gullet. Susie was the first... we found her in a dark alley, not ten blocks from here. Lorence, Jedediah, many others were slain in their homes. Obviously, the culprit was a demon."

I evaluate his countenance for a moment or two. He isn't lying. Silently, I probe his mind with my telepathy, something I try my hardest not to do, but I have to be sure, this time. Images of the mutilated bodies appear in my mind, instantly sickening me.

After pulling out of his thoughts, it takes me a moment to force the images out of my memories. "You aren't lying. Why kill those people?"

Cassiel bows her head, and when she speaks, her teeth grit together. "It's like Samantha said. Demons kill humans to gather soul energy for themselves. There must be a killer in this city secretly powering himself up."

"Disgusting." I nearly spit the word out. "Humans give demons their trust, and this is how they repay us? Why would a demon turn on those who sheltered him? They must hate humans in a way no other could, to be that low."

Father Matlock nods silently. "Aye. While other humans may be willing to give demons a chance, many of us remember the Old Ways. Never turn your back on a demon, lest they take the chance to give it a good stabbing."

From the corner of my eye, I spot Cassiel glaring at the Father. "Hold on a second. Do you mean to tell me that you've been turning vigilantes against the demons? Is that why three of them were found murdered?!"

The Father blanches. "N-no, certainly not! I had nothing to do with that! I would never hurt anyone!"

Cassiel's anger evaporates. "I suppose not. You'll just proselytize in the hopes that someone else would. It seems to me that we have an anti-demon assassin on our hands, after all, and they're someone angered by the killings." She pauses. "Why didn't you tell the authorities? If you'd told them, they could have stopped the murders before they grew out of hand!"

The pastor shakes his head. "Many of our members thought it best to keep the matter a secret. I suppose in retrospect; they may have had _other_ reasons. I didn't give it much thought at the time."

Thoroughly angered, Cassiel flips her hair back with a quick motion of her head. "I guess you're just a humble minister. It's not your fault if things get taken too far, isn't that right?"

The pastor can't think of a way to respond. "I, err, well... I thought like that, yes."

_He doesn't even try to retort._ Staring at the sullen man before me, I'm reminded of people who did the same thing in the time before I entered the Cryopod. _Careless fomentation of anger leads to tragedy._ It's funny how things change, yet always stay the same.

"Come on, Cass. There's a killer on the loose. Two, even, counting the vigilante. We won't solve these murders until we follow the trail back to the one who started it."

She nods, depression in her eyes. "Thank you for the help, Father Matlock. Please keep your preaching in check from now on."

"I will." The man says, more reserved than when we first met him. As Cassiel and I turn and walk away, I steal a glance back. He's staring at the broom; his shoulders slumped in defeat. He isn't as stupid as I thought; he knows he caused the deaths of those demons.

The church door slams behind us, and Cassiel stares up toward the midday sun. "Who could be the killer, Jason? We have so many demons to sort through that it'll take us weeks to narrow down the list of suspects."

"Someone who hates humans, obviously." A face appears in my mind, but I shake the feeling _Beelzebub can't be the killer. I ordered him never to hurt humans, and he can't disobey my orders._ "Let's start with the demons freed from the camps recently. Perhaps one of them has a bone to pick with the 'fleshbags.'"

Cassiel nods. "Samantha's going to be back soon. Let's solve this before she returns. I don't want her thinking less of the demons in the city just because there's one killer on the loose."

Her words make me pause as we step off the grass before the church. "You know, it hasn't been confirmed only _one_ demon was responsible. There could be several involved. Like a conspiracy or something."

A snorting sound makes me glance at Cassiel as she chuckles. "Oh goodness, conspiracies! Those are always so silly!"

"Yeah, you got that right."

......................................................................

"PILOT BENJAMIN BROWN, YOUR VITAL SIGNS CONTINUE TO STEADILY DECREASE. AT THIS RATE, YOUR INTERNAL ORGANS WILL FAIL IN T-MINUS TWO DAYS, SIX HOURS-"

"Stuff it, Centurion." I cough the words out and stumble through the dark corridor, my suit lighting up the path just enough to see maybe fifty feet in front of me. "Tin can, you sure this is the right way?"

The robot beside me walks along calmly evaluating every step, his natural gait filling me with jealousy thanks to the pain he doesn't have to endure. "Response: Supreme Commander Jason Hiro, as well as the Angel designated Cassiel, and the Demon designated Samantha entered the Labyrinth, but I hold no maps of the area. Extrapolation: Based on the heavy footprints visible on the ground, the Sentinel designated Ionis headed in this direction. It is likely his superior sensors would lead him to where they-"

"I get the point. God, you hunks of junk talk so- hngh," I pause and take a short breath as more stabbing pain erupts in my kidneys. "-talk so damn much. Just keep the responses to ten words or less."

What am I even doing? It's pointless. Everything went to shit, and it's all because of that fucking Jason guy. He lead them right to us. I'm not going to find him, and I'll die all alone, in the darkness of this fucking Labyrinth, and all I'll have beside me for company are these two stupid annoying squawk-boxes.

Maybe I deserve to die. After all, I'm not even the real Benjamin Brown. I'm a copy- a fake. Most of the commanding officers were clones. What was I even fighting for?

It doesn't matter. Nothing does. We're born, we live, and we die. I should have jumped in a shuttle and flown to a rimworld, lived my life in peace. It would have mattered as much to the fucking galaxy as dying to Kolpox.

At the least, if I can find Jason, I can warn him. I can tell him that it's all his fault. They've won the war, we've lost. And soon, so will the Volgrim.

"PILOT BENJAMIN BROWN, YOUR INTERNAL ORGANS WILL FAIL IN T-MINUS TWO DAYS, SIX HOURS, SEVEN MINUTES-"

"If you were a human, I'd punch you right in the face."

With my luck, the Kolpox won't kill me. It... it'll probably _turn_ me.

I can't let the last Hypersuit fall into Volgrim, Demon, or Kolvaxian hands. Only humans deserve the power.

I have to hold on... just a little longer.
