Part 297a:

It's been a long time since we began our voyage. Soon, it will come to an end, and we will likely die in a horrific suicidal attack against the Volgrim.

Frankly, I never understood the point of this. Traveling at Warp 5, the fleet of 250 ships, lightly comprised of Capital class ships, but mainly filled with Carrier class ships (designed for bombardment) was traveling at a terribly slow speed, having taken us twenty years to arrive at the homeworld of the Volgrim.

Given that it was not the Original's order to attack, but that of Supreme Commander Beatrix, I was surprised that he didn't put up more resistance and try to figure out a better method of attacking them. Of course, as a third generational clone, I'm a bit divorced from the thought processes of the Original, but not by much. Twenty years of separation has probably changed my mindset from his though, as now I suffer from intense _boredom_.

This voyage started out with thirty thousand humans, and now it has close to thirty-two thousand, as many female officers have had relations with the men and gone against the captain's orders in order to have a little fun. Frankly, I can't blame anyone, given how goddamn boring it's been. The biggest issues we've faced, though, have been trying to figure out how war vessels created for military purposes can be used to raise children effectively.

It's mostly a null point, sadly, as all of these children, and their parents, are probably going to die when we arrive in a month. Still, I keep in contact with the Jason Intelligence Base on Earth, given even subspace-messaging isn't fast enough to transmit communications at this distance. At 13,997 lightyears from Earth, a subspace message sent from our craft would easily take a thousand plus years to arrive, and would not travel fast enough to catch back up to us at Warp 5. By the time it arrived, we'd be long dead... of boredom.

But that's alright. Magical energy is like cheating. I can communicate with the clone agency back on Earth with very little trouble and no delay at all. How it manages to defy the laws of physics is a source of interest for me, when I ever feel even the slightest creative spark flowing.

Today though, something is off. A few months back, I received a communication telling myself and the other two clones on the attack force that Earth had been damn near wiped out by a surprise Volgrim incursion. Now I'm receiving a mental communication four days ahead of our typical once-per-week meeting, so something must be up. Sending a quick telepathic message to J-498 and J-1251, the other two clones teleport over to me in an instant. Given our ships are moving at Warp 5, the only way to travel between the ships without returning to normal sub-light speeds for transporter movement is to use magical teleportation, and as such we have been using our powers sparingly to accommodate... the more annoying crew members.

"What's up?" J-498 walks over unemotionally, a cigarette between his fingers as he puffs on it nonchalantly. To me, it seems disgusting, given the Original would never have done that, but then this might be J-498's boredom coping mechanism. "It's not like you to bug me for no reason."

J-1251 is, oddly enough, soaking wet and wearing some shorts and flip-flops. Maybe they were having a pool party on his vessel? I ignore it for now. Military etiquette has broken down quite a bit over the years, and anyway we'll restore everything to tip-top shape a week before arriving at Volgarius anyway. No big deal.

"I received a communique from the JIB. They have something they wanted all the clones in our attack party to hear about." My businesslike manner is a bit different from the other two. Sometimes I wonder how the heck we all turned out so differently, given the source material is the same.

"Oh. Nice, I guess. Let's hear it then." J-498 pulls a chair up from a nearby table to sit behind me a few feet as I fiddle with the controls on my holo-screen. " **Connect.** " I wordsmith in order to make the screen magically transmit whatever the JIB is sending to us. A familiar face appears onscreen. Well, of course it's familiar, given it's _my_ face, the face we all share.

"J... 2296? Oh, yeah, it's you. How are you guys holding up?"

The clone onscreen speaks to me. I shrug. "I mean, in a month we're probably all going to be dead. Other than that, I'd say we're doing okay."

The JIB clone shakes his head. "Come on now, you and I know better than that. You guys set a waypoint before you left, you can return to Earth in an instant. The rest of the crew might die, but you'll be fine."

I glance away from his gaze. "Yeah... I guess that's true..."

I start to say something, but J-498 plucks the cigarette from his mouth and leans in a bit closer. "Yo, HQ, what's this all about anyway? You don't seem to be in a big rush to tell us anything important, yet you got us all together three days early. Something going on?"

The clone onscreen nods. "Yes, actually. The Original is here, he wanted to speak with all of our outbound clones. He said that the suicide mission might not happen the way we initially planned. Here, I'll grab him really quick."

Without bothering to give us a second to respond, the clone got up and walked away, giving us a few moments to watch a couple dozen other clones milling about in the background. The JIB seemed to have grown in size over the years, based purely on what we could see.

"I miss Earth." J-1251 had conjured a beach towel and was laying on the ground, barely paying any attention to what we were doing. "I miss the beach. I miss not looking at fucking metal hulls day in and day out. Even the holo-deck isn't doing it for me anymore."

He stopped griping a moment before another clone appeared on screen. No, wait, judging by his clothing, he actually was the... Original? Yeah, of course he was. It's just so hard to tell ourselves apart.

"Hello, guys. Glad to see you're still in one piece."

"Barely." J-498 sucked on the cigarette, quipping quietly to himself.

The original ignored the comment, but took notice of the cigarette. "Seriously? Man, it's true how clones tend to diverge from the original over time. I wonder if this is specific to myself or if general purpose human cloning will work like this too?"

J-498 shrugged. "Dunno. Wait, you mean to tell me that humans are working on general purpose cloning?"

The Original nodded. "Yeah. Only for VIP's, of course, but just like nanobots it'll soon expand to the general population. Anyway, that's not what I wanted to talk to you guys about. It's regarding Supreme Commander Beatrix. The election results just came in a few hours ago, and she lost as expected. I've been talking with her future replacement, and he'll be taking office in two weeks. He's a big brute of a man, but he has sound plans to improve life for everyday Britannians, as well as some fairly sound plans for eliminating the Volgrim."

I was nodding along until Original spoke the last sentence. "Wait, hold on a second... eliminating them? I thought we were supposed to just bombard the planet to cripple their offensive potential?"

"Change of plans. I don't fully agree with everything he's saying, but you have to understand, the world is in chaos right now. There's rioting and looting going on. People are very unhappy. Even the new Enforcer bots that are being rolled out to combat the outbreak of violence aren't enough to quell the uprising. We need a way to channel that energy away from harming ourselves... and the best way to do that is to send it at an enemy."

J-498 stabbed his cigarette into the table beside him, using a 'clean' spell to make it vanish. "Sounds like horse shit to me. You sound like you're just buying into whatever he says to placate him. Aren't we, as a group, infinitely more powerful than all the humans living on Earth? Why aren't you directly calling the shots? Why are you letting some puppet-master give the orders?"

Original grimaced at J-498's words. "You've been gone a long time. You don't know what it's like back on Earth, and it isn't pretty. Mind control via magic doesn't work on the citizenry, or a simple 'Pacify' command would do the trick. It'd take a lot of energy, certainly, but aside from being wholly unethical, it might have worked. As of now, I'm out of options unless you have any better ideas."

As J-498 glowered at the screen, I sighed. "Frankly, putting the bad elements to work for the military would solve a lot of issues. Still, I'm curious about what you said earlier... how could you possibly plan to eliminate the Volgrim? Wordsmithing?"

"Oh, right. That's the most important reason I'm contacting you today... we're going to open up a wormhole to Volgarius."

Original said it so casually and it took me a moment to register what he'd said. "Wait... for instant travel between our worlds? Why didn't _I_ ever think of that?"

J-498 chuckled. "Actually, I thought of an idea similar to that once, but I was so drunk that I forgot to write it down."

I curled my lip up in disgust. "What a degenerate. You're the laughingstock of second-gen clones, you know that, right? You're lucky the crew can't see past our holo-masks or your antics would have revealed our shared identity by now."

Of course, I was referring to the special illusion magic that made people forget our faces every time they looked at us. This was the only way we could walk around for twenty straight years without wearing a mask, otherwise our lives would have sucked even more with having to constantly wear Hypersuits or something. Even better, we had a spell that erased our face from all computerized footage, making us impossible for human or machine to recall what exactly we looked like.

"Oh, your identity? I wouldn't worry about that too much. I've decided that I'm going to reveal my identity to the world soon, given certain people in key places already know who I am. Even the new Supreme Commander, Stonewall, knows who I am. But as for who told him that bit of information..." Original trails off as the insinuation sets in.

"So... we've been hiding our identity for nothing?" J-498 groans at the thought. "It's a pain keeping my face hidden under an invisible mask all the time, you know. It's annoying for all of us. What was the purpose of keeping our identity hidden all those years, anyway? What did it accomplish?"

"I'm... not sure..." Original suddenly appeared hesitant when confronted with J-498's annoyance. "Originally it was to hide from Marie, but at this rate, she's probably figured out my identity. Ben Brown knows my identity, as does Stonewall, and likely Satan. Finally, Umi knows my identity, so that's four for sure, and 5 potentially, with heaven knows how many more beyond that group. Stonewall couldn't have figured out my name by guessing, so someone had to tell him... something I'll be looking into soon."

J-1251 flipped around on his beach towel to lean on his hand. "Sounds like lots of stuff has been going on. So let's cut the crap and get back to that 'wormhole' thing. Are you even sure that'll work in the first place? Seems like it'll take a shitload of energy."

Original ignored the vulgarity by J-1251. "Actually, based on some tentative tests I've performed, it will take hardly any energy at all. I simply need an anchor at the point I wish to wormhole to, and that's where you guys come in. I can't create wormholes or teleportation nodes to places I haven't been before, but since you three are still slightly mentally linked with myself, it's trivial to make a bridge between our positions. When you're one day away from Volgarius, bring the fleet to a standstill and await my orders. We'll create the wormhole in that time period."

J-498 groaned again, his annoyance at having to do _work_ showing. "Yeah yeah, whatever you want, 'boss'. By the way, I've been meaning to ask for the last couple of years, but I keep forgetting... how many clones are there now? Ten thousand?"

The original pauses for a half second, swallowing heavily before responding. "Twenty thousand, actually. ninth generation clones are a thing as of five years ago."

Even J-1251 had a look of shock pass over his face. "Twenty thousand? Ninth gens?!" Sitting upright on his towel, he quickly straightened out his posture as he gawked at the screen. "That's unbelievable! Is the situation really that dire? They must be getting as weak as a normal human by that point!"

Original shook his head slowly. "No... we've got another two generations before that happens. Actually, I've observed an interesting phenomenon, something we haven't figured out yet... the newest generation of clones, while lacking badly in the magical energy department, seem to be much stronger, physically, than even myself. Performing some rote tests, we've discovered that I might have been looking at the numbers wrong the whole time... the energy isn't 'halving' each generation, it's condensing itself into physical energy."

I paused and thought about what he'd just said. "Hold on, are you saying that as a third generation clone, I'm four times weaker than you, magically speaking, but four times stronger, physically speaking?"

"Nah, it's not nearly that dramatic. Maybe a 20% strength increase at most. But it's much higher for the newest batch of clones. Their physical combat capabilities are much greater than even my own. It seems to increase exponentially at some point after the 7th generation."

As Original casually tossed this seemingly trivial information at us, I turned to gawk at the other two clones. J-498 wasn't even bothering to summon another cigarette. He merely slumped in his chair, staring up at the ceiling in shock. J-1251 seemed to be blown away by the news. As for me, this was something I had never even considered before.

Original seemed to sense the mood had shifted dramatically. Scratching his head, he hemmed and hawed for a moment before piping up. "Well, anyway, that's the gist of it. We'll contact you at the designated time every week as usual, and when you arrive at the specified location. If anything surprising happens, don't hesitate to let us know."

"Yeah... no problem, 'boss'." I mumbled at him as he saluted awkwardly and walked away from the holo-screen.

Jesus, what a crazy day this has been...

...................................................................

Unarin slowly walked and examined the halls of the recently rebuilt Portal Vault, where the demons and Volgrim coordinated their attacks on Humanity's home planet, Earth. The bomb that had blasted inside their walls had dealt a hefty blow, but everything was now repaired and operational once more.

Or rather, it was _supposed_ to be.

Founder Nufaris, the second highest of the Volgrim, followed along beside Unarin, keeping a carefully calculated distance of three feet to Unarin's side, just in case something should enrage him. Nufaris had never seen Unarin angry, but as of late, small details like that were prone to change at any time.

Unarin kept his facial expressions in check as he examined various bits of machinery and whatnot, but it was clear to anyone present that he was muffling his growing anger. "Explain to me, again, why the portals won't work."

An imp hobbled along behind the two Volgrim, rubbing his hands together nervously as he kept his head bowed. "Davook has said this, many times, your excellency! Every time we turn a portal back on, it just shuts off a minute later! In fact, it seems to seal itself and never is able to be re-opened!"

"Yes, you said that before. What I want to know is _why_. Each time, I pay with the lives of ten thousand Volgrim to open one of these portals, yet still there isn't a single rift to show for it. Were their lives erased in vain?"

Davook tittered to himself nervously, as the highest Founder of the Volgrim carefully inspected one of the rift points for flaws. "I-it's not so simple, your excellency! Davook means no disrespect, but something odd is going on and w-we can't figure out what it is!"

"Sabotage, I'd wager." Nufaris chimed in unexpectedly, despite promising himself to keep his thoughts silent.

Unarin paused his examination of a rift gate to glance over at Founder Nufaris. "What was that? If you have any ideas, I'm... _eager_ to hear them." Unarin placed the slightest amount of annoyed stress on the 'eager' part of that phrase, causing Nufaris to tense up just the slightest bit.

"W-well, Unarin, it just seems to me that the only way these could be shutting down spontaneously... is sabotage. I can't see any other explanation. Perhaps a mole among our ranks?"

Davook instantly started trembling as Unarin's cold gaze swept over the room. "A mole, is it?"

"N-no, of course no mole! We are all very very loyal to Satan and Unarin, the greatest of Volgrim! All praise Unarin, highest-" Unarin glared down at Davook who was babbling in his typical impish way, which caused Davook to shut up instantly.

Staring at the tiny imp for a few moments, Unarin raised his gaze up again. "No, not quite a mole. I agree with the tiny rat regarding that much. However..." Unarin paused as he slid his gaze carefully among the walls of the room. Several Volgrim and demons in the area tentatively followed along with his eyes, though they quickly returned to pretending to work, not wanting to get called out. "...wouldn't it be interesting if we had an invisible spy in here?"

Nufaris blinked twice. "An... invisible spy? First Founder, that seems to be... a little..."

"Preposterous? Under ordinary circumstances, perhaps. But these are not ordinary circumstances. I sense something is in this room that shouldn't be here, but the feeling is unbelievably faint. Whoever is here, or _whatever_ it might be, it doesn't want to be found."

Sloshing his tongue around in his mouth silently for a few moments, Unarin slowly panned the room, unable to see anything. Nufaris likewise did the same, but he knew it was a futile effort, given how much more attuned with age Unarin's mental abilities were.

After a minute or so, Unarin broke off his mental sweep of the room. "Whoever it might be, they're good. Very good. A veritable professional spy, as it were. I want several high ranking demons and Volgrim here on constant watch the next time we activate a portal to Earth. They will scan this room with all their abilities and find that intruder, or they'll find themselves on the next list of those to sacrifice for a portal." He glanced down at the tiny imp scurrying around near his feet. "Do I make myself clear?"

"Y-yes, oh great Unarin! Splendid may your days be, and eternal may your reign last!" Davook's teeth chattered nervously as the monstrous Volgrim founder stared down at him with unfeeling eyes.

After a moment, Unarin grimaced as he walked away from the imp. "Disgusting little creatures."

...

A few minutes later, Davook sighed as he meandered back over to the control center. "Sheesh, he's finally gone."

"Cheh, don't let him catch you talking like that." A nearby Volgrim commando glared down at the little imp. "You're a funny little demon, but even I have limits to the insults I can hear you toss at our highest leader."

"Oh, stuff it." Davook rolled his eyes. "Devil only knows that you're just as likely to end up on his shit-list as I am. He's unstable, I tell ya!"

"Perhaps, but he's the most powerful of my people. That makes him fit to lead us all."

Davook groaned as he scratched his ass and walked over to stand at his magical centrifugal helix station. "That's what everyone says about their leaders, but frankly, I don't trust a single one of 'em. Just because they're strong and can shoot magic out of their fingers, that don't make 'em smart."

Another older imp nearby snickered. "You got that right, boss. Maybe someday _you'll_ be in charge."

"The hell I will." Davook rumbled a long belch from deep within himself, as the young Volgrim commando and the other imp chuckled at his foul potty humor.
