Part 266a: Shift

I feel like I've been fighting for a long time now, maybe even half of my life. Well... it's pretty close to that. It's been a long time coming, but I was finally promoted to the head of the Hypersuit Commando Defense Corps. The HCDC has been primarily responsible for beginning all Volgrim defense missions, where we start by eliminating as many as possible before the rest of the troops come in to finish off the remnants.

How many Volgrim have we killed? Official tallies indicate that the HC's have killed over twenty million Volgrim by ourselves, but that's only due to our suits recording each death in its databanks. Their bodies tend to dissolve on death, which Command has told us is to prevent autopsies and other such investigative work into their biology. It doesn't matter though. We know where their homeworld is located. The plans for a full scale invasion are underway.

Soon, we will crush them entirely.

"Chief Officer Brown, I'm from the Vietnam HQ." I turn around to see a man has walked in the room behind me. Since he's wearing a Hypersuit, I'd normally assume he's one of my own, but clearly he's one of Judicator's clones, based on his familiar voice. I'm not wearing a suit right now, and my senses always feel dull, and my normal body weak. It's weird to not instantly understand everything around myself all at once. It's... unsettling.

"Judicator, good to see you. How is the prep going?" I turn around and smile at the suited man behind me. I glance at his right shoulder and note that it has seven blue stripes on it. A seventh generation clone? The original must be desperate for more help.

He returns the grin slightly. "It's going well. We've finally manufactured enough Trifrancium to get the fleet to Volgarius and back, but not enough to call a safe amount. We still need a bit more for a safety zone, and in case of emergencies."

I cock an eyebrow. "I thought you had made a confident prediction last year that you had a special technology that would quickly create lots of Trifrancium once we'd manufactured the first batch?"

His smile faltered. "Ah, yeah. Unfortunately it required too much... energy. The, erm, technology works... but it's so slow that we might as well just manufacture it the normal way. Turns out Earth had many of the deposits we needed, it's just painfully hard to mine and refine the stuff."

I shrug back at him. "Can't be helped, I suppose. If it were that easy to create the stuff, the Volgrim would be launching yearly assaults on Earth."

Judicator itched his chin as he chuckled. "Yeah.. heh, I suppose so." He paused for a second as his head cocked slightly upwards, as if he was thinking about something. "Oh, yes, how much longer until this area's EPS is online? We need to go global before we launch our initial assault on Volgarius."

"Hmm..." I actually wasn't sure, so I turned around and shuffled through some papers on my desk. Mulling my way past the files on the recent destruction of Bolivia, I find the papers regarding what I was looking for. Skimming through them, I turn back to Judicator. "Apparently by the end of the month ours will be online. The LPS is already a go."

Of course, we were referring to the Earth Protective Shield and the Local Protective Shields, which would create a high-density energy barrier around the planet to protect us from orbital bombardments, meteorites, and other such space-based offensives. They weren't strong enough to protect us from a massive enemy battlecruiser self destructing itself downwards into a major metropolitan area, but if the enemy were that suicidal, not much _could_ protect us from that sort of kamikaze-style attack.

"You're doing good work, Ben. We're doing alright without you on the frontlines, but we do miss your spirit and abilities in the art of combat." Judicator gave me a quick thumbs up. In private, both he and his clones weren't very stuffy or bureaucratic, they tended towards lighthearted banter, but I had noticed a shift as the years wore on. Combat and killing can change a man, dramatically.

"I hate paperwork." I shifted my glance back towards the tables behind me, then back to him. "But you know how it is, I'm just too old to be fighting out there. Have to leave it behind to the youngsters. They need me here."

A big shit-eating grin spread across Judicator's face. "Ha! You're such a liar! You haven't aged a day, nanobots can make you practically immortal, you know. Hell, you're probably twice as fast, twice as sharp, and twice as keen with that Hypersuit as when you started fighting all those years ago."

I had been smiling along with him, but when he mentioned nanobots, I felt an odd feeling wash through my body. Almost like... regret? As my smile faded I walked around behind my desk and slumped in my chair. Judicator walked over and flopped down across from me, taking my hint.

"Do you ever wonder though... if we're doing the right thing? Aren't we becoming less human all the time?"

Judicator shrugged slightly. "I'm from the future, but I don't know many details. We could lose to the Volgrim still. The only way to know for sure that we have changed the future is if Earth survives past the year 2399. That's all."

I shake my head slowly. "That's not what I'm talking about. Remember when nanobots were becoming common, back in 2027, and we had that massive hacking incident? Humans started crazily attacking and killing one another. We did that because of the robots inside our bodies. Twenty-three years later, we're even more machine now than we were then. We can remotely disable pain if we need to. Our bodies can slowly regrow limbs without the need for a doctor. People run faster for ten times longer than the greatest Olympic athlete could at the turn of the century."

Judicator interrupted me. "Yes, but those are all good things. The nanobot incident was one terrible tragedy, but we fixed it, and the incidents since then have equaled zero. Humanity stumbles, and then it finds its way. I have faith in my fellow humans."

"That's not my point." I looked at him carefully. It was hard to see his expression when we spoke, but his lower face and voice could still change, putting his emotions on full display. "Scientists today say that 27% of all children will be biologically engineered or otherwise altered while still in the womb, and 5% of all births will happen inside the birthing pods instead of inside a woman. We no longer have fistfights over disagreements, we solve our problems in simulated holographic arenas, which separates our physical pain from learning lessons. Schools are being replaced by caregiving androids at alarming rates. 78% of humans in the developed world have been altered by nanobots or robots in some way, and even 22% of people in third world countries have been altered. By the end of this century, nearly every human is likely to be mechanical in some small way."

Judicator waved his hand at me dismissively. "That probably does sound awful to _you_, but we also used to die of Malaria and Smallpox, until scientists invented vaccines. Progress means change. It sounds like you just _fear_ change. I bet a lot of people love being able to enhance their bodies and live more fulfilling lives as a result."

"Vaccines aren't the same thing. A vaccine eliminates the virus, but the human returns to their normal state afterwards. It doesn't alter anything fundamental about a person. Augmentations do. Technology as a whole does. We're becoming more like the Volgrim every day." I felt irritation at how casually he brushed off my concerns. I felt that these issues were quite serious, as a heavily augmented person myself.

Judicator sighed. "Perhaps we are becoming more like them. Is that a bad thing though? Certainly they are warlike and seek to cause our destruction, but what little we have gleaned of their society indicates they have no internal strife, they fight no civil wars, they have abundance for all, they are a post-scarcity society, and they are very logical thinkers. The biggest downsides I would note are their emotional cues, where they all seem to lack any emotion, which would certainly lend themselves towards conquering all who oppose them."

"They're emotionless parasites who seek genocide for no apparent reason, and they lack individuality..." I paused as another thought came to my mind. "They're basically the Borg."

Judicator shrugged. "Yes, they are our enemies, and I won't defend them. However, you said they have 'no apparent motivation'. That is not correct. They very likely have a big motivation, we just don't know what it might be."

A short silence ensued as I thought about something else. "Why haven't we tried speaking to them? You said before that the very first Volgrim expeditionary force you encountered, you were able to speak with them. Why have you not tried to make contact with them since? What if our entire war arose from a misunderstanding?"

Judicator sighed as he leaned forwards and shifted his gaze at the ground. "If only it were that simple. I've tried, you know? Whenever I appear in their midst, they always attack first, and ask questions later. It's as if they are being coached to attack me on sight and always ignore anything I have to say. I'm the only person who can speak their language, and they just aren't willing to listen to my words. I've long since given up on peace. We're so similar, yet so different."

I chuckled wryly. "Do you remember propaganda during World War II? We're both too young to have been alive for it, but my grandfather told me of it. Americans were told about how evil the _Japs_ were, told of their barbarism, and forced to fight them to protect ourselves against their animalistic nature. Obviously they weren't very different from us, but it was the propaganda that divided us. Maybe you're right, and a similar thing is dividing us and the Volgrim. But..."

I paused as I dwelt on all the friends I had lost over the years... all the comrades brutally shredded by the Demonic Variants or ripped apart by blaster fire from the main species. They've destroyed our homes, our countries, our world. They've killed anyone in their way without distinction, and cared not if they were civilian or military. They are the worst. They are monsters.

"...Even if we had the opportunity to reconcile with them now, I don't think I would want to."

Judicator nodded slowly. "And that, my dear friend, is the real reason we won't be able to have peace. It is the reason I don't try anymore. There's just no point. The only course left is to win the war."

"We will win. We can't afford to lose. Too much is at stake."

Judicator chuckled at my words. "If only you knew."

I wonder if I'll ever find out what he means.
