Part 227a:

"You're a demon, huh? Why are you in human form?"

I stared across the desk at the man in front of me. Pitch black hair that softly fell past his ears, a smooth, attractive face with a chiseled chin, wearing a professional looking pinstripe suit. He was a demon, in human form, that had the body of a Russian pro-athlete but was wearing a suit like a billionaire businessman. Despite all these clashing visual cues, something told me it all worked well for him, giving him quite the intimidating appearance.

"I like this form. I think it suits me." The demon sat stonily, no visible expression on his face.

"Grigori, huh? Doesn't really sound human, if you... catch my drift. I'll just call you Gregory while you're here."

The demon blinked once. "That is acceptable."

Whew, the guy's not much of a conversationalist. "Alright, I'll bite. Why are you here? This is basically humanity's most secure stronghold against the Volgrim. I'm certainly impressed you managed to get past the security in order to see me, but I'm still curious."

The demon shifted his body very slightly. "Well, Judicator, before I answer that, you should be aware of one simple fact; not all demons follow Satan, and not all angels follow Zeus."

Hmm, this was actually the first I'd heard of such a thing. I always thought Satan and Zeus were followed without question by all those under him. "Not all demons follow Satan? So... you oppose him?"

"That's _not_ what I meant. Don't twist my words. I'm merely saying that I do not treat him as the supreme leader of our own people. I am my own demon." Gregory narrowed his eyes. "I came to offer you my support in the coming war."

"Your support? I'm... surprised. Why?" His comment actually caught me off-guard.

"It's simple. I saw something in you I haven't seen in over a thousand years. _Change_. The demon world, the human world, and the world of the gods are stale. Of the three, only the humans offer any hope of changing the status quo. When you made your speech before the WCN Conference last year, I felt that I would be able to make a bigger impact in changing the world by following you than an old decrepit demon like Satan."

"Decrepit? Is he not the most powerful demon?" I forced myself to not drop my jaw. I'd never once heard a demon speak anything but praise for their great leader, in the here and now, or the distant future.

"Of course he is. Don't be stupid, if you and him were to fight, I have no doubt he'd crush you. I think he'd even be able to beat Zeus by himself. I refer not to his strength or physical body as decrepit, but his soul itself. He's held back by the past. I care not about old rivalries with humans and angels... those happened long before I was birthed."

Gregory stared ahead at me unblinkingly. He didn't move his eyelids at all, except when to visually show annoyance on his face. It was fairly eerie.

"All right, fair enough. Given that you're a young demon compared to the demon generals I've heard about, will you be very useful against the Volgrim?"

Gregory nodded. "Naturally. I'm not much of a fighter, but my evolutions specialized me towards espionage. I'm at least as competent as the smartest humans on Earth, and better than any other human at any given task. Thank whatever gods you pray to that I'll be joining your cause."

Well, he's certainly not lacking in the self-confidence areas. "You're not much of a fighter, huh? I can find uses for you. Do you have any comrades among the demons who would like to join? I have no intention of discriminating."

"I know a few, perhaps. They won't join unless I say this is worth the risk."

"Risk? What risk?" I assumed he was referring to the risk of dying in a battle against the Volgrim, but that didn't seem to be it.

"I'm not fond of going directly against the orders of Satan himself. He may not be a leader in my eyes, but to disobey a direct order to stay out of this war means I have to leave demonkind behind. I don't care about dying in battle, I've always resigned myself to that sort of a death. The way I see it, if the alien menace wins, everyone loses. But I still have allies and comrades, even friends, among the demons. I'd prefer not to lose them all unless you're worth fighting for."

I shake my head slightly. "You've got it all wrong, Gregory. This isn't about me. You're not fighting for me, or for humans, you're fighting for yourself. And, if all goes well, we won't have to fight at all."

I reached into a drawer by my desk and pulled out a piece of paper, sliding it over to him. "Sign this, and I'll accept your application to join the United Earth Forces."

Gregory glanced down at the paper without touching it, skimming over it with his eyes. "What is this?"

"A magically binding contract. The only thing I need this for is to ensure you never attack me or try to harm me in any way, so long as you are a member of the UEF. I determined that if any Demons ever joined, this would be a necessary precaution, so I created a few hundred of these months ago."

"Hunf... Quite the raw deal, but I'll accept. Sad you don't trust those who fight under you. You should be aware too, that rather than mistrusting us demons who keep to our word, you should be mistrusting other humans. Demons are loyal to a fault, humans tear each other apart."

As he signed his name I nodded slowly. "I know." My mind wandered back to Adams, my clones, Marie, and many such others over the last few 'years' of my memories. I've been betrayed so many times, and usually it was by humans that I thought allies. I won't be so stupid as to think they won't do it again.

And if they do, I have an ace in the hole, though I'd prefer not to use it. I'd _really_ prefer not to use it.

"Thank you, Grigori. Or should I say... Gregory. A pleasure to have you among Earth's united fighting forces. I hope many more demons will join me."

Gregory nodded. "I hope so as well."

"Now, Gregory, since you're a part of the team, how do you feel about coming with me on a little trip?"

His eyes instantly narrowed again. "A trip? To where?"

"Cut it out with the suspicion. I think you'll enjoy this. We're going to Mars!"
