Part 120 - Angel

I whip around and glance behind me. A massive steel door has slammed shut. If I had normal vision, the room would be pitch black aside from the dull light escaping the angel's body. Luckily I'm not, and I still see the room as perfectly as ever.

After the door slams shut, nothing else seems to happen, I step back towards it, starting to reach my hand out. As I do, the angel speaks, her voice a raspy whisper. "...Don't..."

I halt and turn back to face her. I have no sense of color and I can't visually see her in a normal way, but I vaguely get the idea that her hair is pure white as is her garb and everything else about her. Come to think of it, I've been in this maze and never seen angels at all before, aside from Gabriel. To be honest, I had thought they were completely extinct.

I walked over to her and stood in front of her. "Here... let me get you down."

As I reach for one of the locks, she whispers again. "...Don't."

She clearly has trouble speaking, likely because of something resembling dehydration. I reach my hand forwards. " _Cup._ _Water_."

A plain cup of water appears in my hand, and I offer it to her. Her eyes seem dead but she lifts her head and lets me give her some water. When she lifts her head, I note a collar that is squeezing her neck. _Jesus_. What the hell did she do to deserve this punishment?

After a few painful swallows, she coughs, the cough causing her a great deal of pain. Without thinking, I reached up and touch the collar. " _Release_ "

The collar pops off, as if it had been held together with scotch tape. Her breathing noticeably improves and her chest loses its tightness.

"Kah... you... shouldn't have... done that... he will be back... soon..."

I stare up and down with my mental vision at the 16 or so chains and cuffs holding her up to the wall. "Why don't you want me to release you? Do you like being in this... position?"

She coughed again, but words seemed to be coming to her more easily now that she could breathe. "Nay... I just didn't want to see you end up... like the others did." She beckoned with a head bob towards the piles of... _debris_. "Many have tried to save me over the years. All have failed."

I paused, my unseeing eyes staring at her face. "Who are you? Why are you here?"

She rasped a soft, pained laugh. "Ah... who am I indeed? I'm the last angel. Or... so they say... I sense none of the others anymore... I've been here for what feels like an eternity... in this hell."

I nodded. "Well, whatever the risk, I'll get you down from there."

I quickly spoke multiple times in succession. " _Unlock. Unlock. Unlock._ " As I aimed my mind at each of the cuffs, she started to fall free and I caught her, carefully lowering her to the ground. Of course, I also cast " _Clean._ " to remove the bloody mess from the room. It sparkles like a hospital in no time.

Her body has atrophied. She has little to no ability to move anything, likely from being chained to the wall for _god only knows_ how long. Her wings are tattered and bloodied, and her back is covered in old scars.

"What is your name?" I try the direct approach. She seems responsive enough.

"I've... forgotten... my name." Her eyes stare blankly at the ceiling from her resting place on the ground.

That is unfortunate. I can't just keep calling her 'angel' as it sounds disrespectful. "All right, then for now, I will call you Cassiel. How does that sound?"

She smiled a light smile. "Ha... so long since I've heard a joke. Cassiel was a man, you know? And an Archangel at that... I don't deserve the honor. I'm just one angel from the resurrection project. I'm not even... a true angel, you know?"

I mulled this over in my head. What does she mean? Aren't angels just... angels? I only know what I know from Sunday School as a child from before I came here to Hell, but... this is not the time for questions. "Don't worry about it, I'll call you Cassiel anyway. If you're really the last angel, that makes you the highest ranking angel in existence, you know?"

Cassiel giggled slightly. "Truly, a breath of fresh air. But... it matters not. We cannot escape this room. And soon, Gressil will return to torture me some more."

My blood suddenly ran cold. "G-Gressil? It... can't be."

She nodded imperceptibly. "Yes... he is a cruel and foul demon. He takes delight in torturing and defiling the bodies of his victims. I was lucky that he was ordered not to kill me, but soon it won't matter anyway. I am dying from lack of thought energy."

I stared at her with my unseeing eyes. What does she mean by this? Do angels require thought energy to live? "How do you get more thought energy?"

She stayed quiet for a minute before speaking. "Well... in the olden days, the King of Gods, Zeus, would dole out thought energy collected from those who prayed to him to the various angels under his command. But when he was finally killed, thought energy was no longer directed at him. You have to pray to a specific angel in order for them to receive it. You also could just give it to them if you have enough, but it requires a vast amount to sustain an angel's life. At least the power of a thousand humans."

I nodded. "Ah! I see! So, like this then?" I clasped my hand into hers and willed energy to leave my body. I felt a colossal amount of energy leave, roughly 80% of all my body's power, as suddenly her aura brightened visibly in my vision.

Cassiel gasped as she jerked up. "B-by Zeus' name! How did you...?!"

I shrugged. "I'm a pretty powerful human, you know."

She paused, as her eyes, now filled with more spiritual energy, came into focus. "You are... a hero?"

I nodded.

"Then... how are you... in this hell?"

I shrugged again. "I came here in a cry- uh, well, it's a long story."

She stared at my face. "You are quite handsome. But... I have... I have seen a face that looks like yours before. Long ago..." Her voice drifted off as she looked away from me. Then she glanced down at my hand, which was still clasping hers. I pulled it away in embarrassment, but she grabbed it again.

"My lord! This is...! These are the three rings of the...?!"

She seemed stunned. I then realized that _of course_ she would be, these are the three highest archangels written about in the bible. Naturally she'd be stunned to see a lowly human wearing them.

She rubbed one of the rings with her finger...."Gabriel... it can't be... I thought he was dead, but his presence... how did you come to have these rings? Who are you?"

I stared down at my hand that she was holding. Who am I? Who am I, really? What do I even know of myself?

I looked back at her. "My name is Hero. Just plain old Hero."