Part 235a

Ancient Lunaris surveyed the battlefield coldly, her lack of emotions apparent to all on the bridge. Naturally, the majority of Volgrim held no ability to communicate emotionally, but some could express forms of fondness for those they had grown close to in some fashion or another. Lunaris was unable to form even a drop of anger, sadness, happiness, or any other such emotion, having shut them out in her quest to someday become the 6th Founder.

However, Ancient Lunaris was one of the oldest of her kind, having lived for at least a few hundred thousand orbits, though she was still young compared to the Founders themselves. A direct subordinate of Founder Dosena, the second ranked, she had fought in every war starting with the Third Great War of their kind, and now she was to begin participation in the Extermination War. If she were able to feel even a drop of emotion, likely she would be exceedingly proud of this moment.

The vermin fell before her like pests under a boot. Outside her ship, she saw a few hundred small warships of varying sizes, all of them minuscule compared to her own Capital-Class warships. To say the least of her personal flagship, the Vindicator. An appropriate name, given the hostile intent these alien species clearly bore towards her people.

A viewscreen appeared before her, as a simulated face began to speak. "Ancient Lunaris, I have detected a minor breach in the shield system. A single life form was able to teleport aboard this vessel you command. Your orders?"

She continued staring ahead, not deigning to look at the new AI that had been installed on the ship. Frankly, she didn't trust it. Only she and the founders were old enough to remember the disaster at the Melkian IV facility, where a rogue AI had exterminated two hundred million Volgrim during the Seventh Great War their people fought, eventually bringing an end to the wars entirely during the signing of the Inter-Communal Anti-Hostility act. Since then, there had been a terse but appreciated peace that followed for over a hundred thousand orbits.

And now she had a sentient AI aboard her vessel. The thought made her skin crawl. "Exterminate it. Send an interception team. We need to focus on the battle."

"I beg your pardon, Ancient one, but this particular life form is-" The AI attempted to speak but Lunaris cut it off.

"AI designated 'Umi', do not question my orders aboard this starship. I am the commander and my orders are absolute."

"Yes, Ancient one. I contemplate, and I comprehend. Sending an interception team now. Do you have any further orders?"

Lunaris glanced at the viewscreen for a moment. "Send squadron Red Tango to the flanking position in section three, target their bombers that are assailing our forward ranks. Then send in Red Retriever along with Blue Stellaris to take out the cannons on those destroyer-class warships. They're wreaking havoc on the artillery units."

"Yes, Ancient one. I am dispatching your orders now." Umi set about relaying the orders to the appropriate squadrons.

Lunaris stared intently at the battle unfolding in front of her. _They are primitives, but they fight with such cunning, such savagery. By contrast our troops have gone far too long without decent training. After we mop up this battlefield, I will have to increase training ten-fold for those who live to fight another day._

Lunaris stared out the plexi-glass of her flagship, all while a single red dot flashed on a holoscreen off to the side. A single invader was making a mockery of her ship's security teams.

...................................................................

I dashed forwards, using my telekinesis to shove enemies out of my way, into each other, flinging them up into the air, and occasionally yanking them towards myself for a little close-up barbarism, where fitting.

"Harold. I know you're busy, but can you find the main core for me?" I jumped at an enemy who was training his gun on he. He pulled the trigger, and a hot blast of plasma blasted into my chest, bouncing off like a twig on concrete.

"Yer gonna have to give me a minute kid, I'm a lil' bit busy, yanno!" Harold yelped as a particularly strong cannon salvo slammed into the Mothership. "Jesus jumped up Christ! This is worse'n when the god-dayum Jap's were hailing bullets from above during the Battle of Midway! I wasn't there but shee-oot I heard all 'bout it from the boys when they done got back!"

"That's great, Harold! Let me know when you catch a moment!" I suddenly come to a stop as a group of Volgrim Elites encircles me, each one of them blasting me with everything they've got. Totally ignoring their fire which does literally nothing to my defenses, I use my radar and internal systems to scan all over the place around myself. The ship has numerous 'hot' spots which could be power generators, and some are running a few thousand kelvin, but it's hard to tell which, if any, are the main sources that keep the ship running.

As the enemies unload a hail of fire on me, I swivel towards one of them, who appears to be a leader. "Excuse me! Where is your main power located? Like the main generator for the ship?"

He looks at me in total bewilderment, his face totally aghast that I haven't taken a single bit of damage. "What are you, some kind of monster?! I'd never give up the secrets to an enemy spy!"

I shrug. It was worth a shot. "Alright, if you won't tell me, I'll make you tell me. _Answer._ Where is the shield generator?"

The Volgrim continues firing at me, but his face turns blank for a moment as my wordsmithing does its magic. "Coordinates 2.71, 6.94, and 9.05. There are three main generators that power this ship."

His companions halt their firing on me and quickly whip around to look at their general in shock. As my wordsmithing wears off, his own face blanches as he realizes what he's done. "Y-you! What did you do to me?! I would sooner die than give away Volgrim secret intelligence!"

I shrug again. "Guess you had a change of heart." My mouth-piece slides shut as I aim my mental vision at all the Volgrim surrounding me. " _Eviscerate._ "

They all explode into chunks of flesh as horrific invisible blades shred them into pieces.

Glancing back at my internal HUD, I quickly enter the coordinates I was given, and find that in the Volgrim system of coordinate locating, those are three positions on the ship, corresponding with the front, middle, and rear of the ship. Fantastic, they're all spread out. The biggest issue, however, is the _size_ of this ship. At 38 miles long, and 25 miles wide, not to mention 12 miles tall, that is a _lot_ of ground to cover in such a short period of time. My scanners linked up to the Mothership indicate that the battle outside is worsening visibly for humanity. At this rate, within the next few hours, our forces will be wiped out, and Earth will be next.

I decide to do my best. Using my innate teleportation abilities, I quickly start leaping forwards, 'jumping' from spot to spot, rapidly covering ground as I head back towards the front of the flagship.

If I can bring this behemoth down, the rest may fall into disarray. If I can't... humanity may come to its end much sooner than anticipated.