Part 126 - Suspended

I hang here, an empty shell of a man.

I can feel that my spiritual and thought energy has returned. Having been hanging here for a couple days, it's all there. But... I have no ability to use it.

I'd have sighed if I could make any noise.

I've deduced by the complete and total silence in the room that the guards around me are either very antisocial assholes, or they're clones. Just... wordlessly staring at the hanging body of the one that gave them life. Yeah, they're just assholes anyway.

I blankly stared at the total darkness around me. I'm tired of all the shit I keep having to put up with. I slave, day in and day out, to help humanity. I give my spiritual and mental energy, often having to sleep for days at a time, just to summon clones to help these people, and they shit all over me.

To hell with humans. I'm so tired of their pretentious way of talking. I'm so tired of the fake respect and humble bowing. If this is the way they really feel about me, just a TOOL to be used, it's no wonder the demons want to torture and enslave all humans. At least the demons have respect for one another.

...Yeah. Maybe I've been looking at it wrong all this time. Maybe the demons aren't the bad guys here. Sure, they look like monstrosities, they hunt down and kill all humans, they murdered the entire angelic race, and they're cocky, smug dipshits half the time... but at least they don't kill one another. They have disputes, but they live their lives in relative harmony.

Are humans the real monsters? Even before I came here in this Cryopod, my own species seemed to alienate me. I was mocked as a kid, called names, laughed at, made fun of, and it didn't get much better as I got older. I held down a couple jobs, but my coworkers always made fun of me behind my back. My family treated me as a loser because I was always reading or playing games and flipping through comics.

The reason I got in that cryopod... I think I just wanted to end it all. Maybe I was feeling suicidal and didn't care what happened to me. Those signups for the test program at CryoTek... they were too tempting. Freeze yourself to enter into the future, for free. Sure, it had a chance of going horribly wrong, but I always saw news reports about their successes freezing Henry the Pig for a year and unfreezing him. The technology worked.

I saw it all happen, and I wanted to be a part of something, _anything_ was better than my boring monotonous life doing what bosses told me to do, living in a small apartment with a menial life that was guaranteed to end up with me dying old and alone someday.

Once again... I'm feeling it all return. The emotions and feelings I bottled up for 10+ years. I was never prepared for anything, I've been just winging it since I arrived here.

But... no more. If I can just escape this fucking prison cell, I will shit holy fire upon Adams for his betrayal. I will destroy my clone, I will rescue Cassiel, I will leave this place, and I will stake out my own life in this labyrinth, free of other humans.

But... how? How the hell can I escape this situation? It'd be convenient if Hoarhiim would suddenly reawaken right now. That's not going to happen though. Cassiel is the only one who might be able to help me, but I don't know where she is. I'm not sure if Phoebe is on my side or not, or if she even knows what's going on.

...

Crap! That clone is going to pretend to be me, Phoebe probably won't even know I'm gone! And to top it off, even if she figures it out, I'm still stuck here.

THINK! What can I do to escape this situation?! There has to be something! I'm a goddamned Hero! I have the ability to make fantasy into reality with just a single word!!

...

Hah... it's no use. I can't think of a thing.

Wait.

My hands are bound inside the straitjacket, but... I feel something... no. It can't be. Is Adams a fool? Is my clone? They didn't actually... hahaha...

I'm still wearing the three rings of the Archangels, I'll pull one of them off and put it back on, maybe that will activate it and give me something to work with. Anything is better than nothing, right?

As I slip the ring off, and slip it back on, a familiar sensation falls over my body. It's called _nothing happens_.

_Son of a bitch_.

I heave my chest in and out in a silent form of a sigh. I really am doomed, aren't I?

But... these rings... I've worn them for _ten_ years. They can't seriously be valueless, can they? No. These are the three mightiest archangels. They must be able to aid me.

I focus my mind as a single name appears. _Raphael. I need your wisdom. I need your guidance. Please, open up to me. Speak to me... Raphael..._

_Raphael..._

_Raphael!_

_RAPHAEL!!!_

The darkness begins to swirl around me, as I appear around a familiar campfire once again, in a small clearing I've seen before.

An old man sits across from me, warming his hands by the fire.

"Oh? So you've returned to keep me company?"