Part 442c - Values, Ethics, Lies

"She's waking up now." Doctor Cruz smiles at us sweetly before turning to face Cassiel. Her cheeks warm into a rosy red as my cute angel wakes up from the deepest sleep of her life.

Cassiel blinks slowly and winces, despite the low light in the room. Her eyes are unfocused and hazy as she looks from Samantha, to me, to the doctor. "Wha...?"

"Welcome back to the world of the living," Samantha says, as she crosses her arms. "You've been in a coma for the last month."

"Sam!" I shoot a quick glare at her. "Your bedside manner is terrible!"

Cassiel nods weakly and raises her arm to look at her fingernails for some reason. "A month? I was having such a good dream too... I hoped it would never end."

I share a quick glance of guilt with Samantha before we turn back to Cass. "Uh, sorry. I didn't- I mean, we wouldn't have woken you, if uh..."

"It's fine." Cassiel blinks suddenly, as an eerie alertness appears in her eyes. Reaching for the bars on either side of the bed, she hoists her body up to a sitting position. "It was just a dream. Where am I?" She looks at Beverly, suddenly realizing the doctor is there. "And who is this?"

"I'm Beverly Cruz, the head doctor aboard the U.S.S. Terra. You're on a ship run by humanity. We took good care of you, and flushed the anti-energy from your system, along with your two friends here." She glances at me, as a thoughtful look appears on her face. "Well, most of it. Jason still has quite a lot of lingering body pains, but it's just a matter of time for him."

"Wark." Howard appears at my feet and hops on my foot over and over until I pick him up and hand him to Cassiel.

"Your pet duck has been trying my patience ever since you got KO'd," says Samantha, "so I hope you can take care of him again. I do not like animals."

Cassiel smiles for a moment as she takes Howard from me and pats his head, but the look fades. "What happened? How did I get knocked out? The last thing I remember, we were on the Volgrim world thing, then I was in la-la land. It's a little surreal that I'm in a totally different place from before."

Doctor Cruz's smile melts away and swaps with a frown. "Volgrim world?" She glances at me. "What's that about?"

My heart does a gymnastic leap. _I haven't told anyone about Dosena's planet yet. I was hoping to keep that a secret for her sake._

Samantha jumps in for the save. "No, Cass! We were _attacked_ by the Volgrim! You must have passed out and become disoriented."

The succubus spends a minute explaining how we got here, and in the meantime, Beverly moves on and ignores the 'random babble' that Cassiel had said regarding a Volgrim world. _After all, a comatose patient can imagine a lot of things,_ her eyes seem to say.

Cassiel, having apparently gotten the hint, nods along with Samantha. "So these people saved our lives? Wow! We owe them, don't we?"

"That would be excellent, yes." From the doorway, Beatrix's voice booms in the room. She strides in and saunters to the end of the bed, near Cassiel's feet. "We've been taking good care of you." It doesn't escape me that she glances over at Ionis, still standing in the corner, for a split-second. A look, not of fear, but of _desire_ passes over her face, but she hides it quickly.

"Thank you so much!" Cassiel says, oblivious to the situation we're in. "We should definitely try and repay you!"

Despite the fact she's my girlfriend, I want to throttle her and tell her _shut up shut up!_ It's not that the humans here are evil, but they're _humans_. Capable of tremendous empathy, but sociopathy as well, I can't ever fully trust them, especially if I know their motives and agenda. Unfortunately, I don't even fully understand that much about them.

While Cassiel smiles from ear to ear and pets Howard, Beatrix turns to me. "Jason, if you don't mind, can I have a few minutes of your time?"

"Sure."

She smiles at Cassiel again. "I'll just be bothering your fiance for a few minutes. It won't take long."

Cassiel turns white in the face, as does Samantha. "F-Fiance? What? Since when? What happened while I was out?!"

Beatrix's smile vanishes. "Oh. Maybe I misunderstood the situation. I assumed the three of you were a full item or on the road there."

I quickly reach out and pull Beatrix away while the girls _squee_ to each other. "You're digging me a hole, here. What do you want to talk about?"

The commander points at the doorway. "It's private, for you only." Before I can retort with _'anything you want to say, you can say in front of the girls_,' she raises a finger to silence me. "No ifs, ands, or buts."

...

A few minutes pass, and we arrive in a small office space not far from the hospital room. As we step in, Beatrix presses a button to lock the door, then turns to me. "Before I tell you anything, I need your word you won't repeat it to anyone, including those two women, and especially not the demoness."

Her sudden change in attitude from smiling to that of a politician looking for easy money chills me. "Why would I promise that? I tell the girls everything."

"I'm sure you do. This is important though, more important than bedtime whisperings. Lives are at stake. If you don't promise, then... well, I don't know. You absolutely must hear this, so I guess we'll be in this room for a long time waiting."

Despite the mood shift, I casually lean against a wall and poke at a fake potted planet beside me. "Fine, whatever. This had better be good."

"Good? Not quite." Beatrix stiffens visibly, and takes a few moments to compose herself before speaking. "The Labyrinth has been thrown into chaos over the last few weeks. The humans were steamrolling the demons like they had been doing it for millions of years, but things have changed. The demons are mounting a major comeback. They've pulled out all the stops and are beating back the humans at every battle. If the situation worsens any more than it already has, a lot of good soldiers, and future allies, will die brutal deaths. I need you to go there and fix the situation."

The commander eyes me knowingly, and Marie's words return to my mind. _If you don't restore the balance of power; someone else will._

"I've heard the Labyrinth isn't doing well. I'm planning to return soon." I pause, a sudden suspicion in my mind. "How do you know about the situation inside, though? Didn't you tell me a couple of days ago that you haven't contacted the Labyrinthian humans?"

Beatrix shuffles her feet and looks away. "You are correct. I haven't."

"So how do you know what the situation is?"

More discomfort. "As I've said, we can monitor Volgrim communications." She quickly turns back to me. "Anyway, that's not important. What's important is that I know what the situation is. My fellow humans could be aiding us in the war against the Volgrim and Kolvaxians, but they're busy fighting worthless demons. I need you to get back inside the Labyrinth and help defeat whatever is giving the demons their surge of power."

I can almost feel the tattoos glowing on my body as several thoughts occur to me. "No, it is important. You told me you didn't want me to tell Samantha anything. Why? Because she's a demon?"

"Because she's the second goddamn emperor, Jason." Beatrix hisses at me and takes a step forward. "I'm glad you're having fun with a cute little succubus girl, but that girl is the leader of demonkind in the absence of the First Emperor. The last thing I want is for her to know I can gather intelligence from inside the Labyrinth. Don't you see how-"

My hand jerks up instantly to stop her. "Hold on; you can gather intelligence from _inside_ the Labyrinth? That's a different scenario from monitoring what the Volgrim are saying. What are you hiding?"

A guilty look disappears as quickly as it appears. "That isn't important. I can't trust Belial, not now, not ever. It's better you don't know."

Finally, I can put the puzzle pieces together. "You have a spy among the demons? More than one? Several?"

Instantly, Beatrix scowls. I hit the mark. "Why must you be so pushy? Nothing worse than a man who thinks he has a brain. YES! I have a few spies among the demons. What of it? Are you going to tell your girlfriend so she can have them eliminated?"

"I wouldn't do that."

"You wouldn't? So you can resist telling her the truth, then? And here I thought you loved her." Beatrix leans forward and stabs me in the chest with her finger. "I have put eons into these spies, and if I lose them, I lose my only intelligence connection to the inside. If you breathe a word of this to her, those demons are dead."

"Samantha wouldn't kill them or put their lives in danger. She doesn't give a damn about the political battles and wars." I lightly smack the commander's hand away and think to myself for a few moments. "How in the hell did you find demons that would betray their emperors? If there's one thing I know about demons, it's that they're fiercely hierarchical. Authority and respect mean everything to them. It can't have been easy."

The commander dodges my question again. "I do what has to be done."

"Did... did you brainwash them?" My memory flicks back to the device they used on Cassiel in the medical bay. "Are you forcefully converting demons to your cause?"

"No! Heavens, no! We just bribe them." Beatrix crosses her arms and shifts away from me, toward the door. _She's nervous._ "We aren't monsters."

"You aren't? Funny, I've met a lot of humans who I thought were worse than demons. Whatever you bribed these demon traitors with, it must have been pretty valua-" My voice catches, and several things occur to me at once, all of them extremely unpleasant. "Jesus Christ. What did you bribe them with?!"

Beatrix eyes me evenly. "Leftovers."

"What? Something tells me you aren't talking about meatloaf."

"I'm not." She blinks slowly, pausing to close her eyes for a few moments. "I've made sacrifices. We all have. If it helps my crew survive for even another day, it's worth the tribute."

My stomach feels like I've just drunk a gallon of rancid milk. The thought that Beatrix is bribing demons with... with... _whatever_ it is she's using, it disgusts me beyond all belief.

"Dictators and tyrants have used the same logic, Beatrix. From what Samantha has told me about demons, they don't value corpses nearly as much as they do fresh bodies. Since this must have been happening long before I liberated the Labyrinth, the demons already had access to humans in the bubble worlds. It's not just that you bribed them with live humans, but they had to be in a large enough quantity that it would be a worthwhile offer."

"Quality, not quantity." Beatrix almost whispers the words. "If you think what I've done doesn't keep me up at night, you're sorely mistaken. I'll just say it."

She takes a few deep breaths. "We gave them infants. Human infants. Those are forbidden in the Labyrinth. Humans have to grow to maturity before demons can devour them. It's the law set down by the Demon Emperors."

I'm not even shocked anymore. The revelation is so comically over-the-top that it has no effect on me.

"You gave live human babies to the demons, so that you could bribe them to be your spies. I'm... I'm just-" The words won't come out properly. I want to insult her, use my Wordsmithing to kill her, anything, but I can't. "Since you saved my life, and Samantha and Cassiel's, to boot, consider this my repayment for the debt. I will go back to the Labyrinth, and I will restore the balance of power, and I won't tell them what you've done. Normally, I'd be inclined to rip your guts out, so this is a real boon for you."

Beatrix shakes her head. "Death would be a mercy, Jason. You've only been awake for thirty years. I've been alive for tens of millions. The human psyche isn't designed to live that long, and mine certainly wasn't made to be a leader and the last hope for humanity for all those years. Killing me would be a mercy."

She glances at a picture of a man in a suit across the room. "I've considered doing it myself, as a matter of fact."

"I'll bet."

A digital clock on the wall shifts position from 17:09 to 17:10, and I tap my shoes together. This little chat has ruined my day. I want nothing more than to go to bed and never wake up again from this awful nightmare. Years of my life spent tearing demons to bits, fighting clones of myself, battling the Volgrim, and for what? So I can liberate humans? Do they even deserve the privilege? If I defeat the demons, I'll just be handing the reins of power from one group to another. At least the demons, though they be flesh-eaters and disgusting creatures, understand order. They have traditions, and they're disciplined. Humans back-stab each other, lie, cheat, and steal over the smallest and most petty things. If something will give them the slightest leg-up in the world, they'll do it. Some people don't think that way, but the exceptions don't prove a rule.

Since neither of us apparently have anything left to say, I reach for the door-unlock button, but Beatrix reaches out and grabs my wrist. "You won't inform Belial of what I've told you, right?"

"I won't. I should, but I made a promise." I wrench away from her grasp and thrust the door open. A few minutes later, I stroll into the room to see Samantha and Cassiel poking Howard over and over while he _warks_ and keeps trying to bite their fingers. Under normal circumstances, I'd probably laugh.

"Oh, Hero! You're back!" Cassiel smiles at me, her usual brilliant grin that could melt a glacier, but for once, I can't smile back. "Wanna play with Howard? If you poke his belly, he gets all flummoxed and-"

"If you're feeling better, Cass, we really should be going." I interrupt her before she can get too excited over her fun. "We've taken up enough of Beatrix's time and hospitality."

Samantha's smile is the first to vanish, but Cass's follows immediately after. "Is this about the talk you just had? I wasn't expecting for us to leave so quickly. What did you talk about?"

"This and that." I keep my words vague, despite wanting to tell her everything. "It's private. Anyway, let's get Cass cleaned up and ready to go. We're heading back to the Labyrinth."

"Oh. Okay..." Samantha's voice trails off.

Cassiel's expression is that of a wounded puppy. "But... they helped us so much. Don't we owe them at least a little bit?"

I turn away, unable to look both of them in the eyes. "Don't worry about the debt. We don't owe them a thing."

...............................................................

My ship powers up its thrusters silently, while I sit alone in the captain's seat. On the viewscreen, I watch the girls chatting with Doctor Cruz at the bottom of our entry-ramp, though I have the audio disabled. It's not my business to pry.

The silence on the Bridge is deafening.

Behind me, the rumbling of slow, plodding footsteps approaches. After a few moments, OMEN appears on my right side, his blank human-like face resting firmly in the Uncanny Valley. "Query: Why are we leaving ahead of schedule?"

"We're leaving right on time. It's a little impromptu, but I need to get back to the Labyrinth. I fucked the place up, so I'll be the one to unfuck it."

OMEN bobs his head, a bad imitation of a nod. "Observation: Based on your heart rate, blood pressure, body temperature, and multiple other physical tells, you are in a state of agitation. Speculation: This was caused due to a distressing event aboard the U.S.S. Terra. Query: Was my deduction correct?"

"You're annoying. Stop using the ship's sensors to look inside my body. It's creepy."

"Amused response: I believe my theory is correct. Thought experiment: Suppose you were to tell me about what happened. Don't you think you would feel much better?"

I roll my eyes up into my skull. "No. I wouldn't. Unless you can change the past and make humans a whole lot less shitty and depressingly predictable, you won't be any help."

The girls wave goodbye to Doctor Cruz and start walking up the exit ramp. "Objection: I am well versed when it comes to human psychological warfare and mental experimentation. It might be possible for me to change my programming in such a way that I could reverse-engineer my algorithms to calm your bodily functions. Why, you might even be able to sleep well, for once."

"I sleep just fine."

"Smug remark: You toss and turn all night long, every night. At least, ever since the angel female entered a comatose state. You are lying, but fooling nobody."

"Well, you're an asshole."

This seems to shut the robot up. "Amused response: Suit yourself. I was merely interested in prodding you for information. If you will not divulge anything, I will return to my recharge station in the cargo bay." Without another word, OMEN lumbers away.

Minutes pass, Cassiel and Samantha finally enter the bridge from a door behind me, and I hear nervous whispering, but I don't bother looking back. After a few seconds, Cassiel slips around my chair to my left side and smiles weakly at me. "Um, Hero? Are you okay? You look depressed."

"I'm a little down in the dumps, but it's nothing major."

I keep my voice neutral, but when Samantha pops up, her look of concern is even more worrying than Cassiel's. "If it's not a big deal, why are we leaving the station so soon? Cass didn't even get to look around, and you _know_ how she loves technology and robots and stuff. I was telling her about the one that cleans the floors, but she didn't even get to see one."

I don't know what to say without revealing information. "We have to go. That's all there is to it. Ever since I spoke with Marie, I've known the Labyrinth was in a bad state, but now it's even worse off than when we spoke with her. Let's just leave and go fix things."

Samantha pauses, her eyes flick to Cass, then back to me. "There's something you're not telling us." It's not a question.

"Sam. I'd tell you anything and everything any other time. Just this once, I'd rather not. I made a promise."

Both girls look rather despondent as they limp over and flop in their chairs, but it can't be helped. It pains me to say nothing just as much as it hurts them. In a few days, we'll be over it. No big deal.

Cass sighs loudly as she taps on the console. "I do miss flying around in space. Where are we going?"

"I'll make a wormhole back to Volgarius Alpha. We'll re-enter the portal to the Labyrinth from there, and leave our ship with the humans on the planet. I could portal us to the Labyrinth directly, but we might need this ship in the future."

"Sounds like a plan." Samantha's tone is diplomatic, detached. "Let's get this over with."

Her rigid body language clearly makes Cassiel uncomfortable, but the angel says nothing. Soon, we blast out of the hangar without ceremony and fly over to a spot several thousand miles from the human ship as it cloaks behind us once again. Using my energy, I aim my mind at the void.

" **Wormhole!** "

A tremendous amount of energy sucks from my body, as space stitches together and creates a hole large enough for our ship to travel through. Not a minute later, I seal it behind us and sigh, as exhaustion suddenly overcomes me. "Put us down on the planet. I need to recover my energy, so I'll be sleeping in the back for a few hours."

I get out of my chair and wheeze, feeling my chest still hurt from the tiny bits of residual anti-energy. Cass turns around to me, a hopeful smile on her face. "If you're feeling bad, I know what'll cheer you up! Let's go to bed together, and-"

Sighing, I raise my hand to stop her. "Not this time, Cass. I don't want to be cheered up right now."

She doesn't even let out a disappointed whimper, as I leave the room.