Part 077 - Rage

"Were you looking for me? I'm right here!!" Amelia, as always, was amazingly cheerful and happy. Her garment was stained with dried blood. Probably from her victims. I sensed many patterns of what was likely DNA or residual spiritual energy, so it was likely this was the blood of many victims.

Amelia, perhaps sensing my 'gaze' suddenly raised her hands up and covered her chest. "Eww! Stop _looking_ at me like that!"

"No... I didn't mean... the blood..." I said hesitantly, as my unseeing eyes swerved back and forth. Shit, I'm getting sheepish around an inhuman monster, I'm still treating her like a little girl.

"Oh! Just that?" With a giggle, she waved her hands, and the blood vanished from her garment. I could almost swear I heard a faint scream as it disappeared. "Okay, now that we're over that, how have you been?"

I almost mistook her question for genuine concern. I was still alarmed that I hadn't detected her approaching from behind me. I can't see her aura anymore either. Only when I focus on her can I sense anything.

"Amelia. You're full of energy, as usual." I started off with a neutral statement. I don't know how I feel about her. I still haven't decided yet.

"Yep! I'm doing great! And ah, where's Hoarhiim?" She ran around me, incredibly fast, in circles looking all over my body for Hoarhiim. She ran so fast I could barely track her movement.

Finally, she came to a stop in front of me again. "He's not here." I said simply. "I left him in the care of a trusted friend."

"Aww! No fun! Blaarjiim, say hello! It's not good to be impolite!" She chided the black orb in her left hand. I can't perceive light and dark anymore, so I can't be entirely sure....... but Blaarjiim seems to be...

" **Hello, 'Hero'. I see you've gained quite a lot of power over the last year.** "

Blaarjiim's voice was incredibly powerful sounding compared to how I remembered him in the past. His voice boomed in my mind, like the sound of ten cannons firing next to your ear. It was nothing compared to Gabriel from when I had been given his power, but compared to the voices over the last year, it was unspeakably loud.

"Yes, I've gotten much stronger. I've learned many things. I even learned about your past, Blaarjiim. As well as Amelia's past."

Amelia's cheerful smile froze, as did her body. "My... past? Explain." The smile disappeared and she stared at me evenly.

"Not necessary. Amelia, I came to speak to you. I want to know why you're doing... _this_." I beckoned to the destruction around me. "Why are you killing and consuming humans? Why have you become such a dark monster?"

Peter and Todoro came running up. Behind them came Beelzebub, who I had ordered to follow them around and sound an alarm if they were attacked.

Amelia's face somewhat lit up as the three came running up, and she ignored my question. "Ooooh! Snacks! And also- ah, Beelzebub?" Her expression turned quizzical as she saw the lord of fire following behind them. "I... thought you detested humans? Why are you following them around like a dog?"

She was clearly baffled. Beelzebub came to a stop and stared ahead blankly. Amelia, feeling puzzled, zipped over to him in a flash ( _frighteningly fast, I might add_ ) and started waving her hands in his face. "Heelloooo~! Beelzyyyy" She grew annoyed again. "Damnit! Stop ignoring me! You're even more depressing than usual!"

Blaarjiim spoke up again. " **My queen, I do not sense the presence of the one named Beelzebub. Whatever you are staring at, it is now a soulless creature.** "

Amelia's eyes popped open in recognition. "Ah! So that explains it!" Running over to me, she laughed loudly. "You defeated the Lord of Fire and took him as a pet! That's so adorable!" Her expression became menacing and a disturbingly wide, toothy grin took over, as she got close to my face. "You're playing with _fire_, you know? Taking over bodies, playing god. If you don't watch out, you'll become the real _monster_ around here." Her body quivered, almost as if the thought delighted her.

Peter, his own body trembling, spoke. "I-I don't know what the relation is between you! I just want to know... why did you eat EVERYONE?! They were our friends and family!"

Amelia paused, her face turning from mine. "Oh? I think the snack has something to say." The evil grin was still creepily frozen on her face. "I think I've devoured everything left on this world... but I'm still not full yet."

She started to jerk towards Peter, but at the instant she moved, I reached out and slapped her across the face, my hand moving at close to the speed of sound. Her body went flying backwards, tumbling into the tall grass.

She rose up, tears in her eyes. "H-hero! Why did you do that?! It hurt... uwaaaa!!!" She... she started crying. Are you kidding me? Who would fall for this?

But Peter... when she started crying... he snapped. "You... you monster! How dare you cry, after all the... the people you've killed!"

Todoro was also shaking, but with anger. "Yes... you killed everyone we've ever known. A monster like you... you don't deserve tears."

I could sense what was happening inside them. Their emotions ran rampant as their blood heated up a degree and their hearts pounded furiously. I spoke, to try and calm them down. But when it came to it, pointless and futile or not, what they did was up to them. I had no attachments. "Calm yourselves, you won't stand a chance if you attack her. It will be a slaughter."

Tears streamed down Todoro's face as he eyeballed the child that had killed his family, his mentors, his teachers, and his king. "I know... but if I don't put a scratch on her... for my countrymen... I WON'T BE ABLE TO LIVE WITH MYSELF!"

And then he and Peter charged. I watched as they ran to their deaths.

I just watched.