Part 023:

Goddamn, I am sick to fucking death of chicken.

I took a full three days to recuperate in the bed, so badly had I exhausted myself. Every so often, Amelia would bounce into the room and give me a plate of chicken to eat. I'm beyond being sick of chicken. I'd rather eat the bones of a skeleton at this point.

Amelia seems to take a perverse delight in my suffering. Every time she hears me complain about all the chicken, she gets a wide grin on her face and tries to stuff more in my face.

Nevertheless, as awful as it is, by the third day, I'm back to my usual cheerful boundless self. Just kidding, I'm never cheerful.

"Alright, Amelia. Let's head out."

Gathering Hoarhiim and tying him around myself as I had before, Amelia and I step out of the front door and walk down the hallway. I'm now wearing some shoes Amelia made for me, along with a light tunic made out of fabric she stripped from the bed sheets. It's not exactly fashionable but I'll deal with it. I even got a nice bath after Amelia showed me how to make said bath appear in our bathroom. I am clean and wearing 'new' clothes. It's time for action.

When we exit the room and walk down the hallway, we end up in the El-Dorado room from before. I get an idea and decide to inquire about it. "Hoarhiim, when I first arrived here, there was a terrifying statue that was outside my door. I returned later and it was gone, and I'm just wondering if it was alive."

"It's hard to say." said Hoarhiim, mentally shrugging. Statues are created by the Lords of this labyrinth. Typically they were used in the Elder Ages to encase their foes in an inescapable prison, but recently they've been used for surveillance, security, and even defense. The real problem comes from a statue's spiritual power."

"Oh, are they strong?" The thought made me shudder.

"Strong? They're incredibly strong. Once transformed into a statue, reinforcement magic is many times more powerful, both for offense and defense. Their bodies can be nigh indestructible." Hoarhiim waggled his mental finger at me.

I glanced at Amelia. "But wasn't she a statue as well? How did she escape?"

Hoarhiim looked at me meaningfully. "You possess an explosive power. That much should be apparent. Just... don't get cocky."

I nodded aggressively. Right, so I have the power to destroy the indestructible. Good to know.

Looking around the El-Dorado room and comparing it with my Mental Map, I had a silly idea. It definitely wouldn't work.

"Detect."

I said this word and looked around me. I knew that my power came from single words, any more than one word and the spell always failed. Unfortunately, this made it difficult for me to come up with more advanced concepts.

It seemed to work, just not in the way I expected. I could see little dots moving around, all well past the walls. There was a lot of them, some dots concentrated, some dots all alone. They appeared to almost be an illusion. I can't tell what they are, but since they're moving, they might be monsters. The biggest problem I have is that the dots give no idea of their distance. They could be right around the corner or hundreds of miles away.

"Cancel."

Formulating the word in my mind, and directing the energy towards my previous request, the dots disappear. I can vaguely control how things happen with my mind, but the concept is fairly abstract right now. Plenty of experimentation during my three days of sleep helped expand my knowledge of my abilities, but I'm still a novice playing with very dangerous fire.

"It's settled then. I want to answer a certain question that's been nagging me." With that, I spun around and walked out the hall of El-Dorado, up a long hallway that was sure to lead me to my old nemesis. Amelia bounced along behind me, with Blaarjiim cupped in her hands.

Once I end this fear, I can move on to greater things.
