Part 338a:

I teleported into Heaven in the blink of an eye. Really, teleportation is just about the most convenient form of transport imaginable. Thanks to several beacons I've placed, I can teleport to a variety of locations with minimal energy cost, not that it really matters. My energy reserves haven't come close to running out for years now, with the closest incident being when my clones and I created the massive asteroid that wiped out Volgarius.

In fact, my energy seems on-par these days with how much I possessed when I absorbed the God-King's energy from the angelic rings in the future. Of course, this comes with the benefit of my skin not colored black like onyx and pulsing with glowing white tattoos, so it's an upgrade even if I don't have quite the same amount of energy. If I wanted to, I might even be able to travel from Earth to Mars without a beacon; provided I had some sort of visual on it and was wearing a Hypersuit. I wouldn't want to teleport inside of the planet's crust or its mantle and die instantly. Better to miss it slightly and arrive above the upper atmosphere before teleporting to the surface.

I quickly look around from atop the Temple of the Gods, which is a safe spot I determined angels generally wouldn't be at if I needed to teleport here. Teleporting onto the ground could result in said grisly death if I arrived partially or fully inside of something or someone else. Yeesh.

The place is bustling and busy as usual. There's always this odd booming noise, likely caused by all of the angels continuously chattering at each other, yet the place always feels so melancholy as well. It's almost like a strange depression covers the inhabitants. They always seem so... bored.

I hop down from the roof easily, not even bothering with a Hypersuit. It's a four story drop, but the soft grass that covers the world protects my body easily enough, not to mention I'm far more durable than the average human. I land with a soft _thud_, finding myself standing before a group of those pseudo-angels that fill up the place. There's a ridiculous number of them around here, if I'm being honest. Several of the angels nearby notice a man standing amongst them without wings and they began moving towards me intently to see who I am.

"Ah, you must be Jason." A female angel standing over by the entrance to the Temple walks over to me quickly and smiles pleasantly, apparently attracted by all the commotion. "We were not expecting you. What brings you to visit us today?"

I stare at her for a second before the lightbulb goes off in my head as I recognize her. "Uzziel, a pleasure to see you again. I'm here to speak with all of the Archangels, but specifically Raphael if he's here."

Uzziel's smile dissolves after a few moments. "If it's Raphael specifically, then you must have heard."

"I have." I stare at her for a moment and she stares back. "Do you know why he did it?"

She nods slowly as a look of pain crosses over her face. "I do, but it's not my place to say. The decision though... it has wounded him greatly. He took no pleasure in killing a human."

"I'm sure he didn't, but I still need to speak with him." I try to keep my smile pleasant, but I can tell she's bothered by something. I haven't seen what happened yet with my own eyes, but I'm sure it was bad based just on her initial reaction.

Another moment passes before she beckons for me to enter the temple. As she turns to walk indoors, I fall into stride beside her.

She seems somewhat uncomfortable, but yet still tries to make small talk. "It's been many years since we last spoke. How are you doing?"

"I can't really complain, in all honesty. I'm running the show now, and hopefully my campaign to exterminate the demons will ramp up soon. Earth has many social problems, but we're working them out." I fire off a few generic responses and she nods as we arrive in the main antechamber of the temple.

The building itself is super-massive, several stories tall and very wide, it's at least the size of a giant shopping center on Earth, from back in the days when those existed. All the angels and gods have their own personal rooms of varying sizes, which of course are dictated by their ranking. Nobody has beds here given the total lack of need for sleep, but most rooms have a chair and a table at the least, plus some personal effects. Most of the angels and gods lost their personal belongings when the original Heaven was destroyed, so the amount of items up here leaves much to be desired.

"Mistress Uzziel, I see you've brought a visitor." A droll looking male angel sits behind a desk inside the antechamber with a scroll in his hands, several more visible on shelves behind him, as he stares at us with a total lack of interest. "Who might you be looking for on this day?"

"Err, I'm just showing Jason Hiro to the meeting room for my fellow archangels. He wants to speak with Raphael as soon as possible."

"Hmm, yes. Raphael. Indeed." He purses his lips for a moment as he appears to be pondering something. "I do believe he is in his personal quarters. He has retired to perform some meditation, given the recent actions he's taken." The angel behind the front desk eyeballs me closely. "Don't judge him too harshly, Jason. He's done a lot not just for the angels, but also humans."

I squint at the angel, wondering who he is. "Do I know you?"

"Doubtful. Nobody pays attention to the man at the front desk. I'm a pure blood, as it stands, but not of particularly high rank. Be on your way now, if you please." He glances away from me and back to the scroll he's holding, his attention towards me already gone.

Wordlessly, Uzziel and I continue walking past him into the main chamber through a huge set of wooden double doors. I smile wryly as we enter the room with several massive spiral staircases that lead to higher floors. "That guy seemed... pleasant."

"He's lost many friends, Jason. We all have. Most angels have become quite reclusive in recent decades... few even bother leaving the temple anymore, content to simply sit in their rooms and think back to days long past." Uzziel's words, while informative, hold an edge of sadness to them, something I pretend not to notice.

"Is it really that bad, now?"

"Yes. Most angels don't live the same lives or have the same interests as the pseudo-angels. Our population has been essentially replaced by them. While the humans continue to die and add to their numbers, ours are static and unchanging, even dwindling each time we commit to a battle. We are unable to add to our numbers, as only the Creator himself could create more angels." Despite the information she's giving me, she seems less sad now than she was a few moments ago. It's almost as if she's resigned herself to the fate she shares with her brethren.

I nod silently and we continue to walk towards the spiral staircases, making our way up several stories towards the top floor. If I remember correctly, there are at least ten floors in this building, or perhaps there are exactly ten? One of my clones built this place so I'm not quite sure...

Once we arrive, Uzziel immediately walks me down a long hall to the left, zigzagging left and right as we move with purpose towards what my mental map indicates is the topmost corner of the building.

"Archangel Raphael is a notorious recluse, especially when he gets in one of those... moods. As such, he lives as far away from everyone else as he possibly can, though his room is one of the largest here." Uzziel explains this fact to me helpfully, though I had already figured as much from context clues.

A few minutes later... we arrive. A normal looking wooden door with an engraving of a seraphim holding a mighty sword stands before us, the sword not looking too different from Excalibur. Uzziel hesitates for a moment before knocking three times softly.

Moments pass, and while she's feeling slightly antsy, I detect his presence with my telepathy as he gets up and opens the door.

"Jason. Good to see you." He pulls the door open wide and beckons inside. "I've been waiting for your arrival."

"You have? How did you know I would be coming?" I walk inside and Uzziel smiles politely at me as she turns and leaves. Raphael closes the door behind us without a second thought.

"Come now, they call me the wisest archangel for a reason! Even if that may not necessarily be true, and perhaps might be slightly... overblown." A slight smile on his face melts away as a more serious look takes its place. Leaning heavily on his gnarled wooden cane, he hobbles forwards, keeping his wings tucked in as he heads down the main hallway towards his dining room, though as with all angels, he stocks no food in there.

We both arrive and take a seat as I force a smile. "Well, err, you know why I'm here, I would guess."

"Naturally. I'm sure you've heard about the killing of the human."

"Yes. I didn't get many details, however." I bite my lip as I note a strange expression of contentment pass across his face for a split seconds, almost as if he's happy I didn't learn much about the incident.

"Yes, well, honestly I almost would prefer you perceive it as an internal matter, but I can't blame you for wanting to know more. I was forced to slay a man named Clarence, someone who was actually quite influential among humans for preaching the word of God. He ran the Church of Retribution, actually."

I blink in surprise. "Really? I've heard of the church, but didn't pay much attention to it. I did know it was gaining serious influence, but I never paid attention to who was running it."

Raphael nods seriously as he turns his head slightly to look out the window to our side, where all the false angels can be seen walking around. It's not much of a view, if I say so myself. "The church has allowed us to survive, Jason. Its existence is imperative to our continuing way of life. If something threatens it, it might as well be a direct attack on us."

"So you're saying... this preacher threatened the church?"

"Yes." Raphael swallows quietly for a moment before blinking heavily. "Clarence began to ally with the demons, I believe. He started preaching that the gods were evil and that angels did not care about humanity in the slightest."

I smirked at the old bat. "Is that incorrect? You leech off of humanity's energy to sustain your own. Isn't that something like a parasitical relationship?"

Raphael quickly turns to look at me, a gaze of sadness evident in his eyes. "Come now, Jason. A shepherd shaves the fleece from his sheep, and their existence allows him to make money so he can survive. In return, he protects them from predators and gives them sustenance to survive as well. Is that so different from what we do? Any existential threat that humanity might face is one we also will, so we protect them the best that we can."

"That sounds well and good, but humanity is not a herd of sheep. Sheep have no way to defend themselves, while it would seem that lately humans are defeating demons with ease and might even be able to destroy the angels. The comparison doesn't hold up under scrutiny." I decide to turn the discussion back on him. "It sounds to me like you're just trying to come up with justifications for why you murdered the man."

"Perhaps. We're not the guardians of humanity anymore, it would seem, but long ago we were. Humanity would not exist as they do now without our aid. The demons would have slaughtered you without resistance. To talk about angels as if we are parasites now... it is like thanking a war veteran who sacrificed for his country by casting him out into the cold. Even if we are not useful anymore, weren't we once before? Don't we deserve to live, Jason?" Raphael quietly retorts to me, his voice soft as I detect more emotion in his tone.

"Yeah, okay, I get it. Still... I hope you didn't make the poor man suffer." I wave my hand at him flippantly and sigh as I lean back in my chair and cross my arms.

"It was a quick, merciful death. Honestly, he preached for well over a decade, possibly two, and never showed such signs of hatred for our kind. I had begun to visit him on occasion, giving him wisdom and answering his questions. Perhaps his familiarity with me caused him to lose faith... perhaps the same will happen to you."

Raphael shoots a glance of questioning at me, but I just roll my eyes. "Come on, old man. You know damn well I don't believe in any of that spiritual garbage. From where I'm sitting, the angels, demons, and humans are all the same, simply full of flaws. My only real bone to pick lies with the demons, since they've killed so many I considered friends. I only ally with humans because we look the same and come from the same background. Honestly, the three races are all just so... so... flawed."

I pause for a moment as I feel a sense of guilt creep into my mind. "Besides, I shouldn't chastise you for murdering someone. I killed a human yesterday too. We're both murderers now, though the word seems relatively weak when I consider that both of us have killed millions, or in my case trillions. Something about a one-on-one killing though... it's just different."

"Yes. Killing an individual is different from a group, and killing someone in combat is different from doing so against those who are helpless. After a certain point, the number of beings killed is merely a statistic. It stops feeling personal." Raphael smiles finally, the mood from earlier having been broken. I almost feel like we understand each other just a bit better now.

I smile back at him and we both share a chuckle, for no particular reason. "Speaking of which, you should know what happened yesterday. I detonated an atomic bomb inside the labyrinth. I don't know how many demons were killed, but it was a five megaton bomb. The damage was colossal in scope. Easily a few million, maybe even tens of millions of demons were wiped out."

Raphael blinks in surprise. "That sounds quite extensive. With that kind of firepower, it's shocking humans were ever losing against the demons."

"They didn't know about the labyrinth, or how to access it, and even once they did, they had no way to deploy a warhead deep inside of it. Now, however, we do." I scratched my chin slowly as I spoke. "Actually, since this attack was so successful, I'm planning to work with my clones to deploy several at once even deeper inside the labyrinth."

Raphael's grin fades away. "You're serious about eliminating the demons, it would seem. What about altering the future? Aren't you worried you'll change it to the point where you're erased?"

"I was, but then I realized that I've changed the future so much already... I should have been erased long before now. Therefore, either the future can change and time paradoxes don't exist, I haven't really changed the future, or we live in a multiverse. It's tough to say."

"Mmm." Raphael nods again as he strokes his long white beard thoughtfully. "I hope you know what you're doing, then. I know little of how time travel works, so my wisdom will be of little help to you."

"Heh, it seems even a wise sage like you doesn't know everything." I wink at him as I stand up from the table. He stands up at the same time as I do.

"Truth be told, I'm not that wise. I certainly don't know everything. But then, you already knew that, didn't you?" He winks back at me and we both chuckle as we head back to his front door.

"Sorry to bother you like this, Raphael. I'm glad we could talk."

As I step out into the hallway, he smiles at me. "It was my pleasure, Jason Hiro. Feel free to listen to my counsel any time you wish."

As I walk away and hear the door close behind me, a feeling of worry appears in my mind. _That conversation went too well. I hope I didn't miss anything._

Still, it's probably nothing. I can be such a worrywart sometimes.

" **Return.** "
