Part 191:

Gressil eyeballed me, as he turned away from Samantha. "Wait, did you say queen?! Samantha, what did he mean by that?" I turned to her as I asked the question.

Gressil interjected before she could respond. "Samantha? Ha ha ha! That's not her name, imbecile! She is Belial, the second emperor of hell! The second most powerful of all the beings that live here! Show respect to my queen!"

Samantha rolled her eyes as she examined her nails. "Yeah yeah second emperor, blah blah, can you just drop it already? I'm only in that position because I'm strong, not because I rule the demons or whatever."

I openly gaped at her, my entire expression frozen in shock. "You're the second most powerful demon in all of hell?! Why are you traveling with me then? Are you spying on me?!"

She stopped looking at her nails and glared at me. "Oh for- yeah, I'm spying on you. Calm down. I could have destroyed you ten times over if I wanted to. I merely like you because I don't actually hate humans. I'm not like the other demons."

She sighed and rolled her eyes again. "Of _course_ though, it does stand that I'm also no enemy of the demons, but that just means I don't care about the petty squabbles on either side."

Gressil grinned evilly. "So, my queen, if I attack this one, you won't interfere, even if I kill him?"

Belial chuckled. "Hah! You're welcome to give it a shot! I think you'll find that even with no energy, he'll still beat you hand over foot."

The smirk on Gressil's face vanished as he took a step back. "Is that... so? I had better be serious about this, then."

Gressil took a fighting stance, as he prepared some attack. Unfortunately, in the blink of an eye, something absolutely unbelievable happened.

Cassiel snapped.

"I WON'T LET YOU HURT HIM, YOU DEMON BASTARD!" Cassiel screamed in rage, which completely surprised myself and Samantha, as in the very next instant after screaming, Cassiel aimed both hands at Gressil, and fired a COLOSSAL blast of light at him. The attack surged forward at the speed of light. It wasn't even like light though, it was more of a liquid that moved at that insane speed, heated to white-hot temperatures, yet with no heat at all.

The blast came from both hands, her chest, her mouth, and both eyes, as it transformed from six individual beams, into one massive beam of devastation, as it blasted forwards, wiping Gressil off the face of the universe and plowing past the wall ahead of us, smashing through 5 straight miles before she ended the attack.

In the blink of an eye, she eradicated one I had originally felt was a grave threat only months earlier, and destroyed him with the same ease that I might swat a fly.

Cassiel gasped for breath after she ended her attack, however I was astounded to see she hadn't used even 1% of her total energy. She was out of breath simply from unleashing her emotions in a fit of rage. "Ah... I'm sorry... I just... I couldn't bear to... to look at him for another moment longer..."

She smiled thinly, but her hands were trembling violently. That attack must have been very therapeutic.

"Uh, ordinarily, he'd have survived somehow and would be coming back, right?" I glanced around but could sense nothing of his energy withing my entire spatial sight radius.

"No, that attack wiped him out quite clearly." Samantha, or rather, Belial, appeared almost bored by how easily he was destroyed. "Quite the attack, in fact, that had to be on par with Gabriel's own signature move. Possibly more powerful, considering how much it drained him compared to how little it affected you."

I took a few steps back from Belial and stood side by side with Cassiel. "We have to discuss this, Belial. If you're truly the second emperor, or empress, or whatever, then doesn't that make us mortal enemies or something?"

"Ugh, _please_ don't call me Belial. I hate that name. It's not cute at all. If you can't stomach calling me by my human name, at least call me Lilia. It's so much prettier. It's what... it's what Satan used to call me in private, you know." She tossed her hair back as she stared at us with a bored expression on her face.

"All right, I'll call you Samantha then. Why did you change your name? Why are you helping me, or at least traveling along with me? Why are you... not helping out your kind? Why-"

She cut me off. "Oh for devil's sake, cut the questions. Listen, Hero, this may come as a shock to you, but I really genuinely like you, you know. I haven't liked being a part of the demons since that spoiled little... that little... _grah_!" She snarled a little bit as images of Amelia, likely killing Satan, flooded her mind, before she returned to normal a few moments later. "I haven't liked them since Satan was killed, you understand? Satan was the only reason I existed. Since his death, I have had no purpose. I don't care about the new ruler at all, he is not Satan and I will never love him."

I paused as I stared at her. "Do you know who the new ruler is? The first emperor of hell?"

She smirked. "Maybe I do, maybe I don't. I'm not going to tell you anyway, because truthfully, I don't know. Even if I did, on my honor as a demon, even one fed up with her kind, I wouldn't. But I left the ranks shortly after Satan's death. The others kept trying to delegate me positions and work but I simply don't care. Diablo and whoever can play with their little toys."

I was feeling pretty stunned by all these revelations. Samantha was the second emperor of hell. Another question came to my mind. "Samantha, Lilia, Belial... whatever you wish to be called... I just have one more question for you."

She stared at me quietly. "...What? Spit it out."

"Do you, um, do you love me?" A simple question, but her cheeks seemed to flush as she quickly turned her head away. Mine did too.

"Well, that is to say, I mean as it stands, well, when I compare you to Satan, you're clearly not his equal, but even beyond that there's the matter of our species, but let's also not forget the um..." She trailed off as her voice quieted down. "...Yes. I do... though not as strongly as I did Satan. Despite being a mere mortal, you have some qualities that he once lacked, and you have your own virtues. You're a different beast entirely..."

Great, she's comparing me to her ex-boyfriend. I don't know whether to feel complimented or insulted. Still, she seems honest. I walk over to her and wrap my arms around her. "All right... that's all I wanted to know. I love you and Cassiel both, regardless of the differences we share, because 'opposites attract' as a wise human once said."

I beckoned and Cassiel came over, the emotions from earlier having left her, as we all shared a group embrace.

"I wasn't kidding." I said, as we finally stepped apart. "I want to end this war. Maybe then, once we've all settled our issues, we can move on. But for now, let's stay together, and face the challenges together."

Samantha nodded quietly. "That would... be fine."

As we all sat there, looking back and forth at each other, I could feel a new emotion emerging. _Determination_. I have to solve the issues. I have to find out what happened to create this place. I have to know what caused the great war, and how I might solve it, hopefully without bloodshed.

I turned to the doorway Cassiel had blasted five miles deep into the labyrinth. "You've certainly got a lot of power inside of yourself."

Cassiel blushed. "Oh, um, yeah. Let's pretend that never happened, all right?"

I shrugged. "Not a big deal. And this may actually turn out to be useful. You're quickly becoming the nuclear firepower of this team, you know."

Cassiel stared at me quizzically. "Nuclear firepower? What is that?"

Hmm? She doesn't know? Maybe she was born in a time long after nuclear energy was outmoded or something. "It's nothing, it's like a really explosive type of energy, very volatile, but very powerful."

As she smiled at me, I could feel something turning in my head. Nuclear energy, huh? Nuclear energy... I'll have to think about that one.

I turned my head up to look at the ceiling. "All right, let's contact the lizardmen. Perhaps they can give us a clue on how to find Marie."

Samantha stared up at the hole too. "Marie? Who was that again?"

_Sigh_.
