Part 451c: Bloody Good Times

The third most powerful demon in existence, Diablo, limps down the hallway. His small entourage of a half-dozen guards, ordinarily unnecessary for one of such power as he, have been summoned due to the grievous wounds he suffered at the hands of the Second Emperor, Belial.

He almost trips over a small rock, but before one of the guards can reach forward to steady him, Diablo snarls at the scyther, "No! I don't need help walking."

The lesser demon pulls away and smirks behind his leader's back. "Belial hurt you pretty good. You shouldn't have pissed her off, boss."

"Obviously." Diablo glances at his shoulder, where a giant chunk of flesh is missing. Already the wound is turning a dull brown. "Seven Devils. This festering flesh burns like the fires of Tartarus. I'd kill for some ice."

Two of his guards glance at each other before looking at their emperor. "We could summon an Ice Gypsy, my liege. I believe there might be one in the 425th District."

"Let us see what Hellga has to say first." Diablo rounds the final corner, breathing heavily as he finally enters the Recuperation Quarters in his district. It's a place where demons injured in battle, and of sufficient value that they're worth healing, would typically retreat. He wrinkles his nose as the smell of many ointments and bubbling, oozing wounds greet him. The demons behind him are even more uncomfortable.

"Hellga. Hellga!" He coughs the words out, choking as another chunk of phlegm catches in his throat. "Where are you, woman?"

An imp scurries up to Diablo's feet, looks him up and down, then bows several times quickly. "The mistress is attending to the sick, master Diablo sir! Nyeh heh! Take a seat, and she'll be with you in a few minutes!"

"She'll be with me _now_. I'm the Third Emperor of our people. My life is more valuable than the lower classes."

The imp squirms uncomfortably. "Mmm, y-yes, of course! As you wish, oh great one! Nyeh heh heh!" Cackling like a hyena, the imp scurries away, and Diablo limps over to a nearby bench and carefully sits down on it, wincing as his shattered hip-bone rests on the cold demonstone.

"Gah! That Belial, she knows where to punch to maximize damage."

"How'd she beat you anyway, Emperor Diablo?" One of his guards leans against a wall and pulls a bloodied sausage out from his cloak, and starts munching on it.

"I'm never sure. I've fought Belial just twice in my life before and lost both times. This last fight was the third. I believe she uses her bewitching aura in combat to put me at a disadvantage. My blows were sluggish and weak compared to when I've fought other demons, such as Bael. Then again, it may just be that she's so adept at combat, despite loathing violence, that I simply can't lay a hand on her."

His guardsman smacks his lips as he takes another bite of the sausage. "Is it true you didn't land a single hit on her?"

"Sadly."

Diablo's shallow breaths turn to slightly stinging pain as the minutes tick past. His battered ribs rise and fall in time with his chest, each movement a painful reminder of the savage defeat he was handed at the fists of one of the two demons who could easily kill him in the Labyrinth.

"Seven Devils. I thought I told that demoness to hurry up." Diablo grumbles to himself, but at that moment, the sound of footsteps rounds the corner.

An ugly old hag with bags under her eyes and droopy skin skulks forward, and rasps at him, "Oh look. It's the other one. Got your ass beat, didja?"

"Yes." Diablo's reply is curt. "I need healing."

"What a shocker. I'd never have guessed, since you showed up injured at the healing headquarters. What's next, are you gonna pop over to the mess hall and tell them you're hungry?"

Diablo gnashes his teeth. "For devil's sake! Can you cut the chatter and heal me already?! I need to be back on the frontlines as soon as possible."

Hellga blinks slowly at the Third Emperor, deliberately keeping her eyes closed for a split-second before opening them again, as if to non-verbally ask, _are you stupid?_ "I hope you aren't in a rush, great leader. You're in worse condition than Bael. With wounds like those, it'll be a few months at best."

"What do you mean? Just use magic, heal me up, and I can leave this place." With an effort not unlike trying to shove a boulder by sneezing on it, Diablo pulls himself to his feet and staggers toward the old bat.

"Healing magic? If you wanted that, you should have asked Belial. She's the best healer among us. Nobody else comes close."

Diablo stares at the hag, dumbfounded. "Belial is the one who did this to me. Do you mean you have no healing magic? I thought you were the second greatest healer among demons!"

A shrug. "If Emperor Satan were alive, I'd be third. As it stands, I do possess some restorative spells, but at best they will remove some toxins and patch up the skin. The internal damage will need to be healed in the Blood Vats."

The third emperor stares at the old woman for a few long moments. "Blood Vats?"

"When was the last time you were injured, tubby?" She pauses and thinks the question over. "Correction: When was the last time you were injured and afterward healed by someone other than Belial?"

Diablo glances back at his guards before turning back to Hellga. "It's been... a few eons or so."

"Mmm. We lost a few healers during the human invasion. Our healing quarters are nearer to the lairs of humanity, just in case invasions turn south and demons require medical attention, as I'm sure you know. It's a double-edged fang, as this puts our most proficient in harm's way." She tosses her hands up in the air. "Oh well! Unless you wish to apologize to Belial, there's no getting past it. You and Bael both will be out of the fight for a while."

_Curses._ Diablo's mind rages with thoughts. _If only I could ask the First Emperor for help. He might be able to heal me, but it would be so humiliating to ask. I'll have to appoint a proxy while I recuperate. Belial has been summoned before the Council, so after they determine her punishment... perhaps Mephisto? Agares? Barbatos? Someone must lead the war effort._

As the thoughts roil through his mind, Hellga grows impatient and taps her foot. "Are you done wasting my time? I have many injured males and females to attend to after you. You've certainly given me plenty of injured to care for, _some_ more grateful than _others_."

The Third Emperor grimaces. "Fine. Let us begin. The sooner I heal, the sooner I can be back on my feet."

Hellga rolls her eyes. "And the quicker I have one less whiner to attend to. Come along." She starts to turn away, but pauses. "Those guards of yours are going to take up a lot of room. They'd better get their grub from elsewhere. The food here is for patients only."

The guard from before holds up his nearly finished sausage. "I'm good."

Another shoves him rudely. "No need to rub it in our faces! Some of us haven't eaten since the battle, you fat oaf!"

Diablo's stomach growls. "You with the sausage. Go and grab food for the rest of them."

"Aw, rats." The guard scarfs the rest of his sausage down and sighs. "Fine! I'll be back."

As he stomps off, Hellga beckons, and Diablo follows after her, along with his five remaining guards. They round several corners, passing demons who are violently ill, some missing limbs, and others moaning in delirium before she stops in front of a small hut.

"This houses the blood vats. Only Dukes and Emperors may use these, unless we're stuffed to capacity. Luckily, you won't have to wallow in misery all by yourself. You have a friend." She rolls her eyes again. "And based on how he won't stop complaining about you, I'm sure your conversations will be _delightful_."

She pulls the cover back from the hut's doorway and Diablo's already pained body creaks miserably as he spots Bael staring at him, laying up to his neck in a bloody concoction from a hole in the ground.

"Oh, great. Here to beat me to a pulp again?"

Diablo sighs. "Bael."

"Diablo."

Bael watches as Hellga guides the third over to a pit directly across from his fellow duke. "You two are the only ones here, so I assume you'll be good company for each other."

"Sure." Diablo keeps his voice neutral as he stares at the pit filled with blood. "What is this? Just blood? From what?"

"Humans, of course." Hellga leans forward and dips her finger in the liquid, pulls it to her mouth, and licks heartily. "Not as good as the soup or other concoctions, but adequate for healing purposes."

Diablo grimaces slightly. "I do love a good Blood Soup, but how will bathing in human blood make me heal faster?"

"Human blood is toxic for themselves, but it has many beneficial properties for a demon. Just get in already!" Hellga's polite tone turns sour as her patience wears thin once more. "Don't be a baby!"

The Third Emperor nods, strips his ragged pants off, then carefully lowers himself inside the pit. "Ahh... this does feel quite relaxing."

Hellga, finally satisfied that he's ready, turns toward the door, shooing his guards outside. "These two need plenty of rest. You wait outside and guard the doorway. Just don't block my path! If one of you worthless simpletons dozes off in front of the door, I'll have your heads!"

Diablo chuckles slightly, despite the pain, as the nasty old bitch shoves his guards outside the door. After they've left, he tilts his head slightly to stare at Bael, who is gazing back.

"Well then."

"Yup." Bael scrunches up his face. "I'm guessing the Second tore you that new asshole?"

"Who else could it be? The human?"

Both demons share a good chuckle, and Bael reaches up from the blood to wipe away a tear of laughter. "That whelp couldn't even beat me! Not a chance he could lay a hand on you." A pause. "The Second is really somethin'."

The smile vanishes from Diablo's expression, as his aura turns grave. "Aye. With her flipping sides, and me out of the fight, plus the fact I can't rely on you for the immediate future, I don't know who could lead our people in battle against the humans. Perhaps Barbatos... he is ancient and has fought many battles, but his prowess on the battlefield is nowhere near the level needed to command the Demonic Legions."

With a smirk, Bael flicks some blood across the room at Diablo, but it falls short and splatters on the floor. "I s'pose the First will have to come out of hiding and lead the army himself. It's about time the bastard did some work."

The Third Emperor shakes his head as his eyes lower to the blood surrounding him. "He hides his identity for reasons unknown. If he hasn't shown himself yet, it will take something big to change that fact."

The two grow quiet as Diablo retreats to his thoughts.

After a few minutes, Bael chortles under his breath. "Hey, Diablo."

"What?"

"The blood's pretty tasty, but don't drink it. It gives you gas." Saying this, he squirms a little bit, and a giant bubble floats up from under the blood, popping on the surface.

Diablo scrunches his face up. "You're disgusting; you know that?"

"Mhm."

................................................

The walls race past in a blur as Samantha uses the agility granted to her by an all-powerful dragon from ages past, tearing down this corridor and that at half the speed of sound. Sometimes she leaps against a wall, pausing for a split second before jumping off it with a short burst of even faster acceleration.

Skeletons, demons, goblins, every manner of monster breezes past her as she deftly leaps, dodges, and runs against the walls here and there to avoid them.

From out of nowhere, a huge orc appears, blocking a cramped hallway. _No time to stop_, her mind screams! It's too late. Digging her heels in, she only manages to slow herself down before slamming into the massive brute with tremendous force, smashing him against a wall at the end of the hallway.

Wincing, she pulls herself to her feet. "Oh gosh, are you okay there, big guy?" She quickly hops over to the orc, who is laying dazed against a wall. "I am soooo sorry! I'll heal you right up!"

After weaving some magic, she helps the orc to his feet, and he smiles politely at her, his two thick lower teeth sticking out and above his lips. "Ah, thank you, my lady. I thought I was at death's door, for certain."

Samantha frowns. "Err, you're welcome. How hard did you hit your head? I don't think I've ever heard an orc as well spoken as you."

The big green monster blushes. "Ah, I am... a clan elder! Yes, an aged one among my people. I am much more intelligent than the average brute you might associate with those called 'orcs.' My name is Grok."

Samantha scratches her chin. "Wow, I don't know much about orcs, but that's really something. Uh, my name is-"

"Belial, yes. The Second Emperor of the demons. You seem to be in quite a rush."

She smiles sweetly. "Ah, my face is very recognizable." The smile dissolves as she suddenly feels embarrassed. "Err, well, I'm heading to a council meeting right now. See, I kinda... well, I've done some stuff lately that tarnished my reputation a bit..."

"Collaborating with the humans, as I've heard." Grok picks up his staff from the ground and leans on it lightly. "I suppose you must feel some affinity toward them."

She averts her eyes, but he shakes his hand at her. "No no, it's nothing to be ashamed of, my dear. Humans do, after all, have some admirable qualities. All creatures hold a moral system, and none are truly superior to that of the others. Even my people, ignorant though they be in the ways of speech, care more for their brood spawn than do many of the other monster races. I consider it our finest feature."

Samantha looks back up at the huge, lumbering creature. "You are an odd one, after all. To hear a monster, and an orc at that, praising humans... it's a little abnormal."

"Oh, most certainly, my dear. But, to be fair, I have known some humans, an angel or two, and even a few of the Volgrim. I've been alive quite a long time, you see."

The succubus blinks in surprise. "Even a few Volgrim? Shouldn't I have heard of you, in that case? You must hold quite the influence to know someone from every race."

Grok wipes a small tuft of hair back with his hand. "I've been alive since before the Energy Wars. Due to unique circumstances, I've learned a bit of this and a bit of that. As I said, not all members of any given species fit perfectly into boxes with designated features. Why, from what I hear, some succubi and incubi despise sexual relations. Isn't that right?"

Sam sighs. "You got me there. You're the real deal." She cracks her neck and glances at the rest of the Labyrinth in the direction she was heading. "Well, um, in any case... I do need to be going, Elder Grok. It was nice talking with you."

"Mmm. And you as well." Before she can turn away, Grok reaches out and puts his hand on her shoulder. "Tell me, before you go... do you regret allying yourself with the humans?"

"Huh? No, not particularly..." Uneasiness sprouts in Samantha's mind, and she fidgets with her feet. "I mean, I just wish we could all get along, you know?"

"So you would change things if you knew how?"

"Well, maybe..."

"I see." Grok pulls his hand away. "You possess everything you need, but you lack just one thing on your journey. Sadly, it is not something even I can help you with. You must find it on your own."

Samantha stares at him, her mouth slightly open. "W-what's that?"

"Courage. You must learn to stand up proudly, and be more than what your species limits you. You must stop thinking of yourself as a succubus, and start picturing yourself as a leader. Your biology is not the barrier you think it is."

A warm feeling appears in Samantha's chest. "I... see. I hadn't thought of it like that before."

Grok gestures down the hallway from where she came. "Do you hear them? The voices?"

"Huh? What voices?" She leans forward to strain and listen, but Grok pulls her back.

"No no, I do not mean the words you can hear, I mean the words you _cannot_ hear. You know they are spoken, but never in your presence. They hold you back. The other demons think of you not as a leader, but as a sex-fiend. You know this, but choose to pretend the words don't hurt, when they do. To move on, you must accept who you are, and only then will the courage come when the time is right." Grok smiles. "Trust me; I've read books."

Samantha nods, gazing at the lovable orc in awe. "Th-thank you. Nobody has ever spoken so frankly to me."

"The ones who care about you don't wish to hurt your feelings, and the ones who don't care, fear your power. However, words have a power of their own. Sometimes a single word can win a war, where even the deadliest weapon could not."

In Samantha's mind, images of Jason appear. "Yeah. You're right about that."

"I certainly hope so. In any case, I'm sure you have places to be."

She blinks quickly, shaking the feeling of awe from her mind. "O-oh, right! Well, in any case, thank you, Elder Grok! You've helped more than you know."

"Oh, please, just call me Grok. Formalities are so stuffy and constricting." Grok winks at her before pulling away. "Tell you what; I'm going to create a portal to send you right to the council. I think you're more ready to face them now than you were before."

The girl blinks in surprise once more. "You're full of surprises. Eloquent, charming, knowledgeable, and you even have magic." Samantha steps away as Grok moves his hands to form magical signs. "If I weren't already taken, I could fall for you."

For once, the big orc blushes. "I am already with mate, myself. I do thank you for the offer though." Stretching out his hand, he closes his eyes as...

...nothing happens.

Samantha stares for a few moments. "Um."

"Just a moment."

Another few seconds pass "Err... maybe you messed up the sign? Those hand movements _were_ a little clunky."

"No, no. It just takes a moment to- ah, there we go." A huge orb of blue expands in the hallway, as a portal just big enough for Samantha to step through opens up.

"That took longer than I expected. Do spells usually have a delay for you?"

Grok shrugs. "Sometimes."

"Cryptic. Well, I won't look a gift Hydra in the mouth. Thank you, Grok, for everything. You're a real devil." Samantha steps through the portal and waves, as it closes up behind her.

Moments pass, as Grok stares at the spot where she vanished. "That was a little awkward at the end, Daisy."

The girl appears at the end of the hallway and jogs up to her orc friend, squirming the whole way. "Sorry! I had to read your mind to figure out where to open it! You should have warned me first! That was sooo impromptu!"

Grok brushes off his shirt. "All is well that ends well. You got back just in time." He raises an eye curiously. "So, is this the right stream?"

Daisy shakes her head as she pulls off her helmet. Her long, curly blonde hair spills out and down her back, and she cricks her neck to relieve a bit of discomfort. "We're almost certainly in the wrong stream. This Jason is much too young. No sign of the one we're after."

"Mmm. Unfortunate." Grok reaches into the folds of his robe to pull out a small datapad, before tapping buttons and prompts on his screen. "So many universes to visit, but at least we have all the time in the, err, multiverse. Shall we try another one?"

"Yeah, I guess so. What else is there to do?" Daisy tosses her hands in the air, then pulls her foot back and taps her toes on the ground. "My feet are killing me. I hope the next universe has a nice spa, or something."

Grok steps behind her and rubs her shoulders gently. "We can take a few years off. Don't worry, my dear. Eventually, we will find the convergence point. It has to be out there somewhere."

Daisy nods and taps her arm panel a few times, pressing a little harder each time. "I know, I know. Next place we stop though, I need to do some maintenance. The damn suit keeps bugging out. Took me five seconds longer than it should've to get away from that one Jason." She frowns and stares at the wall as Grok rubs her shoulders. "I wonder what was up with the dark skin and the glowing tattoos."

"He saw you?" Grok raises an eyebrow, as Daisy sheepishly turns her head back to look at him.

"W-well, I kinda said... 'hi..."

"Daisy..." Grok pulls his hands away and crosses his arms. "You know that could cause a split. Try and keep those interactions to a minimum."

"B-but, you...!" Daisy beckons to where Samantha departed. "You were just talking to that woman!"

"She isn't a Traveler. It's fine. Besides, I cannot allow a woman to carry such a weight on her shoulders alone. It will hurt my pride." Grok chuckles under his breath. "Let's go. There's no time like eternity."

"Right." Daisy sighs as she places the helmet back on her head. "Centurion, locate the next closest stream for me."

"ORDERS CONFIRMED, PILOT DAISY SOKOLOV."
