Part 069: ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

It's been a good day.

I was able to kill seven filthy insects, I'm now hunting down the eighth one, and everything is going very well. Exactly according to my plans.

I inspected my Rolex. It was 12 o'clock on the dot, exactly as I'd planned.

My plans never failed. I may be 'just' a lowly lord, but I'm smarter than the rest of them. I wear only the finest clothes. I think only the finest thoughts. I am not just refined and elegant, I am perfect in every way. Compared to the demons who think they are above me, I am a perfect being.

Females? I have no time for them. Dainty little creatures that bicker and squabble. Oh how they love my presence. They would do anything to bear my children, but no demon is worth my time. The moment you trust a demon, they will stab you in the back. Of course, I'm no hypocrite. Anyone who trusts me will get knifed as well.

" **Ah, my lord, it is an honor to sssserve under you.** " The Anacondess spoke to me, as I knew she would. Lowly creatures of low intelligence always perform predictable actions. I knew that she couldn't keep her mouth shut for 5 minutes if she thought she could curry some favor with a demon of higher ranking than her.

I ignored her, and her head drifted away, as she realized that I was not interested in conversing.

I turned to the Skeleton Commander I had created many hours ago. "Have you found the other human yet?"

Being incapable of speech, the skeleton shook its head. Perfect, I hate idle chatter.

The Anacondess was still miffed that I hadn't responded, so wanting to avoid any unnecessary... drama... I turned back to her. "Make yourself useful. Use that heat sensing of yours and find the other human. Master's orders."

The Anacondess sniffled a little bit that I had ignored her praise earlier, but heeded my words and went off in search of the human down a different path. Whether she found him or not, I didn't care. If he accidentally managed to kill her, I'd be rid of a small pest. Naturally she had been gifted to me by one of the upper ranked Duke demons, and he always rubbed my nose in it. I didn't even ask for her.

I need nobody's gifts. I will force them to give me things when they realize they have no power over me.

"Lord Beelzebub, we've found trace footsteps in a nearby corridor. We think they went this way." A gruff young demon, someone not even yet of the Lord class, spoke to me.

"Excellent. It took you long enough. Let's go find the last cockroach so I can get back to work in the manor." A Lord's work is never done, even as we plot to climb the ranks of demonic power.

...................................................................

As we drew closer, I couldn't help but notice that the young demon was staring up at me as we walked side by side with the company of troops following us. When I started to look down at him, he quickly looked forward again, trying to pretend he hadn't just done it. If I were a sentimental demon, I might find it endearing. Right now, I find it sickening.

"Stop staring at me. It's disrespectful and is liable to get you killed." I snapped at him and he immediately stopped doing it.

"Ah, my apologies. I just... I can't believe that you're a lord." The young demon's comment caught me off-guard.

Suddenly coming to a stop, I held a hand up behind me to tell the rest of the monsters to halt. Turning to the young demon, I carefully adjusted my tie, as I held on to the careful and delicate harmony I had cultivated within myself, to take away from my younger days as an anger-prone mistake-ridden youth.

" _Clarify._ " I hissed at him.

"Oh, no disrespect intended my lord, I simply meant that it's unthinkable one such as you could only be of the lord rank. The Council must fear you to limit your advances like so..." His voice trailed off, as he gave a slow hard swallow.

Ah, so that's what he meant by it. Despite what they say, certain kinds of flattery _will_ get you everywhere.

"I see." I said simply, as I started walking again. The company behind me jerked forward again as they realized I was moving. If I had a sense of humor, I might find it comical. But I didn't, since I don't.

From around the bend ahead of us, the Anacondess returned and slithered towards us. Perfect, I was thinking I'd like to brutally choke someone to death.

"I've located them, masssster Beelzebub." Oh? Apparently she brought good news.

Wait.

"Them? There's only supposed to be one human, you incompetent little-" I raised my hand up to strike her but she quickly spoke again.

"There are three of them now massssster, and one of them isssss of the original sssseven that we killed..."

I stopped my hand in midair, then lowered it back to my side. "Interesting." Somehow we hadn't finished off all of those seven insects. One of them was still alive and kicking. _And_ he had made some friends.

This might possibly be the first time my plans have gone wrong. I'll have to make sure it's the last as well.
