Part 356a: Longing

"Lilia? Where have you been?" Satan gaped at the Second Emperor, immediately wondering to himself why she was wearing a business suit, and then immediately following up that mental question with another about why her body was banged up. Her eye socket was black and blue, as if she'd been punched incredibly hard, and she was limping noticeably.

She held herself against the wall and fell forwards as exhaustion took over, but Satan caught her and eased her down to the ground gently as he cradled her in his arms. "You're... a mess. Where have you been? I haven't seen you in weeks."

She coughed weakly. "I was attacked... a demon... named Yama... he crushed me. I didn't stand a chance."

She brought her hand up and gingerly touched her eye, but Satan moved it away to get a better look, wincing in shared pain at how bad it looked. "Don't move, I'll heal you up. Yama, you said? I've never heard of him. What demon could possibly have the power to do this to you, of all demons?" Satan held his hand over her eye as he quickly chanted healing magic to fix up her eye. Truth be told, he wasn't very adept at healing, but marks like this might demoralize the healers. None of the Emperors had ever been reduced to such a pitiful state, not in all the time he'd been alive.

"He was... I don't know. A lot happened. He took Valac." Lilia winced as she felt her eye socket mending together, but Satan paused to stare at her carefully as his hand lowered slowly.

"He... took Valac? You let him take the dark orb of power?"

She pulled away from him and sat up, leaning against the wall. Her gaze met his, and hers was full of confusion. "I didn't 'let him' do anything, Satan. He ambushed us. His power was unthinkable. The shadows came alive and attacked me from every direction, and even my strength couldn't help me break free."

Satan nodded along calmly, forcing himself to contain what could only be described as a creeping anger. "Shadows? What do you mean?"

"It happened so fast..." Lilia rubbed her sore leg, noting with disdain that Valac had only been able to partially heal it before he was taken away. "When I first saw him, we were in a dark underground sewer in London, and-"

Satan interrupted her. "London? What were you doing in the human capital? Do you have a death wish?"

"Well, no, but I was trying to gather intelligence on... human activities."

Her explanation made him instantly suspicious. Lilia was not one to do such things. She was hardly even a ruler, given she seemed to care so little for other demons. The only reason she could hold claim to the title of Second Emperor was due to her sheer overwhelming power.

Even then... she had been bested by a no-name demon he'd never even heard of before. Was she truly as powerful as he once thought? Had she gone soft since the Great War in Heaven? Two thousand years was a long time to let one's combat skills degrade...

"Continue." Satan hissed the order at her in a most uncharacteristic fashion, and she seemed rather hurt by his tone. Still, she relented.

"As I was saying... Valac and I were in the sewers sneaking under the city when the demon attacked us. I thought he was a shadow-walker at first, but that couldn't have been the case. Yama had no actual skin and seemed to be comprised of smoke... or mist... in the darkness, even with my enhanced vision, I could hardly see him."

"Hmm... perhaps a variant of some sort." Satan frowned as he looked away for a moment. Did he give any energy to a shadow-walker recently? Not that he could remember. There was of course the standard amount of energy given to all when a battle was won, but the demons had suffered heavy losses as of late with no wins to speak of.

In fact, the more he thought about how bleak their situation was, the more baffled he became. Who could this demon be that was able to defeat Lilia?

"Well... that's not all. While I was in London, Valac was very frightened by something... he told me that there was a human female with a... well... he didn't say, exactly, but he acted as if he had seen the Grim Reaper inside of her and barely lived to tell the tale."

Satan quickly pulled out of his thoughts and back to reality as he considered her words. "You think there's a connection? Perhaps not a demon, but a human who can shapeshift?"

"Err..." Lilia frowned, which made her sore head pulse with pain. "Ahh, not quite what I was going for, love. The human female apparently had a monster inside of her, a separate entity. That was all I could get of Valac. He was too frightened to tell me anything else."

"Frightened..." Satan chuckled to himself. "As long ago as it was, I remember Valac dying while he held out against a horde of empowered humans, led by Hercules himself. It was a valiant death, one for the history books. He was always a fearless warrior, though since he appeared in the orb he seemed to have undergone a bit of a personality shift, he merely became more sarcastic and disillusioned with life. But fearful? I would never describe him in such a way."

Satan's smile spread across his whole face. "What a delicious thought. A dark being of such evil that even Valac would be struck dumb with terror. Even I have never been reduced to such a state in all the days I've lived!"

As Satan chuckled to himself, Lilia's face went ashen. "That's... that's not true. There was... one..."

Satan halted mid laugh, as he felt his hand shaking slightly. "You mean... the dragon... the dark one. W-well... that was long ago. He's been gone for millennia." Satan wiped at his forehead, suddenly realizing his skin was clammy and his blood had dropped a few degrees in temperature. The cold sweats that he was feeling now had hardly even been a faint memory in his life, so rarely had he felt them.

"We thought he was gone." Lilia whispered as she glanced around their luxurious bedroom, as if searching for unseen foes. "We never confirmed it."

"It seems... unlikely. Yes, unlikely. It must be a different being. Think of it, you faced a shadow demon that took you down effortlessly, and before that, Valac had spotted a monster inside of a female human. The two must simply be related. It can't be mere coincidence."

"Well, Valac did say that the monster inside of her... had seen him. Perhaps you're right. Maybe the shadow monster followed us around." Lilia smiled uneasily. "Yes, the two must have been related. We can't be pessimistic."

"...But." Satan hesitantly spoke a single word. "On... the off chance... he has returned..."

"Surely an immortal dark dragon wouldn't hold a grudge for several thousand years, right?" Lilia broke down giggling nervously as Satan joined in.

"Of course not! That would be ridiculous! Hahaha!" The two of them laughed back and forth for several seconds before halting in the blink of an eye, both of their expressions turning totally serious. "I'll work on a contingency, just in case it is him."

"Yeah. That's a great idea, love." Lilia leaned forwards and kissed Satan gently before pulling away and pointing to her eye again. "Mind finishing the healing?"

"But of course." Satan leaned forwards and tenderly pressed his hand to her temple as the healing energy flowed between the two of them.

.............................................................................

Human Marie smiled pleasantly at her angelic doppelganger and the other angel that fell into step beside her. "I take it the plan worked, judging by the looks on your faces."

Standing several miles outside of London's south border, deep in a small forest, this was the prearranged meeting spot for when they had executed the plan. Since the two angels were smiling cheerfully, it couldn't have gone poorly.

"I've been receiving a steady trickle all day long. It's nothing to write home about, but definitely noticeable!" The angel Marie tapped her chest enthusiastically. "I can't believe it worked so well. I made sure to leave without developing a close personal connection with anyone, and now they seem to be idolizing me like a pop-star of some sort."

"It's better that way. If the people grow too close to you, they will start seeing you as less of a deity to worship, and more of a flawed individual unworthy of praise. Surprisingly, this tactic also works for those in positions similar to Clarence here."

As she smiled sweetly at him, Clarence elevated an eyebrow. "I'm no deity. I need no worship."

"Trust me, I know." While the angel Marie smiled and winked, each Marie cracked up at the same time, leaving him out of the loop for whatever inside joke they were having. "Anyway, it's working and that's all that matters. I guess not very many converted in the end, but any number is good. We need an independent supply of energy and having my human doppelganger here pray to me every night is relatively inefficient. Probably won't give me enough energy either."

"Any idea how many converted? Surely more than a few dozen..." Human Marie looked at the angel expectantly.

"Several hundred, I think. Every time a human prays to me, I get a strange tingling sensation, deep inside of me. It's almost like my heart warms up a little bit."

"Fantastic. That'll thaw the icy lump eventually." Clarence chuckled wryly and both women shot dirty looks at him, before breaking into smiles.

"You finally brought out the silver tongue. And here I thought you were just a boring old man!"

"I'm not even old compared to most nowadays. Aren't you older than me?"

The question was relatively benign but each Marie seemed offended by the question. "Clarence! That's not polite to ask a lady!"

"It's just a joke, calm down."

Despite his smiles from earlier, he seemed bothered by something unspoken. Angel Marie picked up on it and felt curiosity stirring. "Feeling regret?"

"No. Well, maybe a little bit. I mean... I lied to my flock today. The angels and gods certainly aren't working for the demons... that was a baldfaced lie."

"Was it? Are you entirely certain about that?"

Clarence rolled his eyes as he turned around and sat down on a rock glumly. "The only way you could think otherwise is if you engage in semantics. We almost certainly lied to those who followed me once. You might be comfortable lying, but it makes me uneasy."

Both of the women shot worried looks at each other, as if they were thinking the same thing. _Great, he has a conscience. I hate those._ Quickly, the human woman slipped over to him, pressing herself against his side gently as she rubbed his shoulders with her hands.

"Come on, Clarence dearest. Lies aren't that big of a deal. The gods and angels lied to humanity about the true reasons for prayer for thousands of years... humans lie to each other about small things all the time too. Some lies can even be good ones, like when someone is dying in a hospital and you tell them their favorite team won the World Series. You won't feel guilty if you realize that the half truths you spoke served a good purpose, right?"

Clarence wanted to protest, and in his mind he knew the massage was just to manipulate him, but the touch of a beautiful woman was rather relaxing, and besides... she had a good point. He was too tired to fight it.

"Yeah... I guess you're right. It doesn't really feel like we did a good deed by lying though."

"Of course we did!" Her soothing voice whispered seductively in his ear as she wrapped one of her arms around his back and leaned her head on his shoulder. "If the gods and angels are evil, then wouldn't taking energy from them be a good thing? Now we can put that energy to use serving humanity!"

"Yeah... that's a good point, too..." Clarence blushed as he felt her warmth against him. Was she trying to seduce him? He couldn't tell, but he didn't want it to end any time soon...

As he had that thought, there was a soft _thud_ behind them and they turned around in surprise to see Angel Marie on the ground, groaning as she held her stomach and winced.

"Are you okay?" Clarence stood up quickly and walked over to her, picking her up by the shoulder as he examined her face. "What's wrong?"

"It... it hurts... oh god it hurts..." Her forehead squeezed down and she gritted her teeth as a wave of pain shot through her body. "Energy... suddenly there's... so much energy..."

She tried to take a deep breath to calm herself down but it was cut off halfway as she suddenly coughed and moaned.

Clarence stared at her in confusion, until he looked up at the lowering sun in the sky. "Ah, it's dinner time. That means... the majority of people..."

"...will be praying at the dinner table." Human Marie finished his sentence for him. "Of course, it makes sense now! That means my angel version must be suddenly receiving a lot of thought energy."

Clarence turned back to look at the angel he held in his arms and was shocked to see the pained expression gone, now replaced with a lewd look as her hands moved from her stomach down to a lower area. "Oh god... oh god it feels amazing... it's so hot all of a sudden... so much love! So much joy!"

Her human counterpart took a step back and scrunched up her face in disgust. "Oh, that's nasty. Calm yourself, me."

"I wish I could share this feeling with you! It's so intense! I feel all of them in-inside of me! It feels fantastic!" The female angel writhed and moaned as pleasure hit her in waves, only seconds apart each time.

Clarence shot a look at the human female but she shook her head and took a step back. "If she starts asking for foreign objects, I'm out. This is all on you two, alright? Work it out."

Clarence started to let go of her shoulder and lower her to the ground, but the female angel grabbed his knee and squeezed hard. "D-don't go! She'll give us some privacy!"

He was of course, just a man in the end. A man does not simply turn down a beautiful woman pleading with a strange look in her eyes.

The human Marie swallowed carefully and turned away. "I'm going to go for a little walk. You two... just... whatever."

This would be a day Clarence would not forget for the rest of his life.

.............................................................................

Jorge stared at the viewscreen wall in front of himself blankly. A timer silently counted down showing the ETA for arrival at Rebirth.

Six Years, Eight Months, Three Weeks, Five Days, and a few hours and minutes.

As he sat inside his small, sparsely decorated room, surrounded by pictures of his wife and daughter, Jorge sighed slowly. He hadn't been gone from Earth for more than a couple weeks, and already he missed them. Tomorrow was the weekly call where Hawkeye would let all the crew members call back to family using his abilities, so there was that to look forward to...

But it wasn't the same. It wasn't enough. He couldn't hold his wife in his arms or give his daughter a hug when she was sad... couldn't watch her choir recitals that she was so excited about recently in person...

While he moped around, the small bell to his quarters rang. A pleasant chime rustled him from his thoughts and he slowly stood up from his bed. "Come in."

He spoke this, then realized he had locked the door, so he quickly made his way over and unlocked it with a single button press. On the other side was the Supreme Commander himself... or rather, one of his clones.

"Oh, Hawkeye. What's uh... up?"

"Mind if I come in?" The clone gave a questioning glance, to which Jorge shrugged.

"Yeah. Come on in." He aimed a hand at a small table with a couple chairs set up to it, and Hawkeye smiled politely as he walked over and sat in it.

Jorge sat on the other side of the table and waited expectantly. Hawkeye seemed to be the one with things to say anyway.

"You're not watching the news or anything right now?" Jason Hiro's clone seemed to immediately notice the solemn silent mood in the room and Jorge nodded in response.

"No. Not like we can watch it live, anyway. We can only watch 24 hour old news from yesterday."

"Aw, come on. I'm doing the best I can." Hawkeye smiled politely and reached forwards, nudging Jorge's arm politely. "Anyway, uh, I came here to see if you were doing alright. You hardly ever leave your quarters."

"Yeah. I'm fine, I guess."

"You guess?" Hawkeye's smile faltered and he squinted carefully to examine Jorge's face. "You look haggard. When was the last time you shaved?"

"Few days ago. I think." Jorge resisted the urge to roll his eyes. This felt like an interrogation.

"Well... I'm not going to order you to do anything... you are the commander of this ship after all. Shoot, the problem is just that so few of the crew know you at all. You haven't really met anyone or tried to make any friends here. I'm... a little worried, pal."

"It's not that big of a deal." Jorge waved his hand slightly. "I have years to meet everyone. I'll get around to it eventually."

"When?"

The simple question left Jorge grasping. "Just... eventually. No rush."

There was a long silence as Hawkeye stared at him carefully. "You're depressed, aren't you?"

Jorge blinked in surprise. "What? No. Just a little... homesick."

"Lots of people are homesick, Jorge. Hell, even I'm a tad homesick. But those people on this ship, all of 'em except you... they've started finding ways to cope. They're already bonding. The thing is, man, if you don't start making friends now... it's gonna be harder later on. The cliques will form, and you'll be left out. Even if you're the commander, staying distant just means people will regard you coldly eventually and won't view you as a friendly type."

Jorge started to reply, but Hawkeye interjected. "You're losing your window of opportunity."

Jorge opened his mouth, then closed it. _This guy... such a pain._ He sighed silently to himself at the conversation they were having. "I'll go talk to people if you want. Doesn't seem like that big of a deal to me."

"No." Hawkeye shook his head disapprovingly. "That won't do. I don't want you to talk to people just because I told you to do it, I want you to do it for your own well-being. Six years of loneliness, even for a nanobot enhanced immortal, will be unbearable."

"I... could handle it." Jorge's voice sounded anything but sure.

"I'm sure you could. Unfortunately, I can't. If you don't want to be here, you can tell me and I'll send you home. But if you keep this up, and we encounter an emergency where we need a strong chain of command, your unfamiliarity with the crew could prove to be our undoing. You only have about two hundred people on this vessel. The other ships have far more personnel, but you're lucky because this ship is small and close-knit. It means you can easily learn everyone's names and ranks over the next six months."

Hawkeye leaned back in his seat and smiled tightly. "Besides, I already did it."

Jorge felt his jaw slip open in disbelief. "Not possible."

"Eh, technically it is, but you don't have access to my methods. Let's just say I have ways to enhance my memory and learning speed past the human limits."

Jorge nodded dumbly, unsure of what to make of his statement. "All right, you've made your point. I'll do what I can."

"Fantastic! That's what I like to hear, slugger!" Hawkeye grinned broadly as he stood up and smiled down at the small man before him. "I'm just glad I didn't have to use the ultimatum."

"The... the ultimatum?" Jorge's smile flattened as he tread cautiously into this line of questioning. "What ultimatum?"

"I was going to tell you that if you refused, I'd cut off contact to your family until you complied, or I'd demote you and send you home"

Jorge blinked in disbelief as Hawkeye guffawed mightily. "The look on your face! Oh, that's priceless! Good thing I won't have to go that far, right?"

"R-right." Jorge smiled nervously as Hawkeye turned and walked out the door.

"Have a good one, buddy! Be seeing you in the mess hall in a few hours!"

"Sure... thing..." Jorge held a frozen smile as the door closed behind the clone.

_He's kinda... scary._
