Part 108 - Remnants

Barbatos coughed as he walked along. Flanked by a small legion of 100 monsters and demons, he had come to inspect the latest defiled site.

A gruesome scene, to be sure. More of those barbaric small spears and barbs were embedded in the bodies of his minions. Bones and blood were scattered all around the wide hallway as far as the eye could see. This had been a long fought battle, unlike the ones before it. He'd lost hundreds of lackeys.

He hacked and coughed as he leaned on his staff and stroked his long greying beard. "Accursed humans. Look at how they wound us. Have we no recourse? Have we no means of defending against their technologies?"

To be sure, these barbaric weapons would have little to no effect on a Duke class demon, such as he, but against the lower devolved minions of the labyrinth, they were super effective. Critical hits had taken out many of the bodies in the room, some demons had clearly fallen with a single shot.

_Boomsticks_. The reports given by a couple of imps during the first encounter with humans wielding them had been invaluable. Demons made sure to group up in wide passageways now, where a single shot couldn't take out more than one or two at a time, and they had several layers of protective magic added onto the leaders to make them take more hits, though ultimately the continuous barrage of fire by the humans made it difficult to draw near.

Barbatos stepped over the body of a large fallen Orc Captain as he made his way forwards. Finally, to his relief, he encountered some bodies of humans. "Good, we're finally managing to at least take a few of the little angels with us."

_We're constantly losing, all the time._ Barbatos thought to himself, as he walked past the death and chaos. _We haven't had a single conclusive win in months. Things are looking terrible._

As he walked, he received a telepathic communication from one of the lower ranked Communication Oracles.

_Barbatos, lord Diablo and the rest of the council desires your presence. You are ordered to appear before him as soon as you possibly can._

The communication cut off instantly when the voice was done 'speaking'. Barbatos growled under his breath. "I'm just a poor old demon, why can't they leave me alone for once? My knees hurt and my bones ache. Just give me some vacation time already, I've earned a trip to the Pits."

As he continued mumbling and muttering under his breath, Barbaros turned around and headed back the way he had come from. _Being old sucks._

...................................................................

It took him many ticks to finally arrive, but Barbatos finally made his appearance in the Council of 7, quickly noting a lack of a 7th Council-demon. _Interesting, where the devil did Beelzebub run off to?_

He hobbled over and stood at the end of the table, just to the side of Mephisto. "Ahem... greetings, young ones, and Master Diablo himself as well. To what do I owe the, erm, pleasure?"

Diablo smiled. "Ah, Barbatos. So good of you to join us. Go ahead and have a seat."

Barbatos glanced at the table. "My apologies, but I must decline. It would be discourteous towards Lord Beelzebub to take his seat, even if only for a moment. I may have a higher rank than he, but I always give respect to those who work hard in the Emperor's service."

Diablo paused. "No no, master Barbatos, you seem to misunderstand. You are now officially considered a member of the Council of 7. Beelzebub was actually killed, a long time ago. I'm... surprised you don't know of his passing."

Barbatos coughed, as he contemplated the words of Diablo. "Hmm, dead, is he? I hadn't heard this yet. I am old as you know, perhaps my memory is simply fading."

Barbatos slowly shuffled around the table, hobbling along on his cane until he arrived at the seat designated as his by Diablo. Interestingly, it was directly on the left hand side of Diablo, leading one to conclude it was a seat of important prestige.

Diablo nodded graciously as Barbatos took his seat. "I know you find this a great bother, and I know you hate doing hard work at your age, but the council needs your wisdom in these perilous times."

Barbatos nodded slowly, as he vacantly stared at the table in front of him. "Ah yes, it really is such a pain. But if my presence here can stop the onslaught of these... humans... then it is worth being here. A shame about Beelzebub though. He showed much promise for such a young whelp."

Diablo nodded. Bael grimaced and turned his head up towards the ceiling. "He was an arrogant little imp. Even in his Vampire form, he was weak, bested easily by a single human in combat."

Barbatos nodded slowly. "Indeed... the Slayer. I've heard tales of him from survivors of human attacks. It would seem that he has a terrifying power we cannot hope to comprehend. He is an existential threat to our kind. A creator level threat, if you will."

Bael shrugged. "He's dangerous, for sure... but I wouldn't give him that much credit. All it will take is for one mistake, a single moment of weakness, and he will fall like all the other haughty human rulers of the past did."

Mephisto slowly shook his head as he clasped his hands under his ethereal chin and leaned on the table. "To be frank, I think you're completely wrong. Slayer possesses incredible power. We can only defend against words that target our bodies specifically, like instant death words. Things that affect the environment around us cannot be easily stopped. If he were to summon his Meteor in this realm, and he made it half as powerful as it was before, he would still destroy all of us in an instant."

Bael shrugged and sat back in his chair. "Perhaps. I will say that you did fight him, so you probably know more than I do about his abilities. Still, I should think that no matter how strong he gets, he will never defeat the First Emperor, let alone the second or the third. But the first..."

Diablo stiffened. "Quiet. Keep that talk to yourself. Only myself, Belial, and you know his true identity. Let's keep it that way."

Bael blinked his eyes slowly as he remembered the first time he had been taken to meet the first emperor. _This being is far beyond any powers Satan ever had_. He remembered feeling true fear in the face of such a mighty being. Yes, no matter how powerful he became, this was a being the Slayer would never overcome.

"Of course, my liege. To be honored with knowledge of the First Emperor's identity... only a fool would give up such knowledge so easily.

The others at the table looked on thoughtfully as they pondered who it might be.