Part 289a:

An explosion. A flash of bright light. The sound of metal smashing into metal, as teams of titanic warriors careened into each other.

A little boy watched from a nearby window, his body shaking half in terror, half in amazement at the battle he was witnessing. He was just an orphan, left behind in the rush of the evacuation, nobody had bothered to look for him. He was one of the forgotten.

But that was all right, he liked playing action and adventure simulations, this was like one of those on steroids.

Two of the hypersuit commandos and a tiny little girl were fighting a massive robot, its spider-like appearance and huge size belying its incredible speed and power. It looked big and bulky, as if it were a slow shambling thing, but its 360 degree area of sight meant once it locked onto its targets, it never lost track of their positions. Each of its four arms moved independently, fighting off each assailant with ease. Just when each attacker thought they had gained ground against it, the automaton would then pull out a new trick.

This young orphan, Ricky, especially kept his eye on the little girl. From his vantage point only a few feet up in the air, less than a couple blocks away, he couldn't make out any of their words as they attacked, as the impacts of their weapons lit up the usually quiet and reserved neighborhood. The little girl took a terrible blow to her body, sending her sprawling backwards a few dozen feet as she smashed into the brick base of another building. The impact should surely have killed her unarmored self, but she quickly got up and dusted herself off, rushing back in to do her part.

She seemed very strong, easily capable of fighting equally among the other two armored warriors. Of course, Ricky, like all kids, knew who the Hypersuit Commandos were. He wanted to join them when he grew up, as they were the coolest soldiers in the universe. Most kids wanted to, and he had planned to trick out his very own hypersuit once he had one of his own.

But Ricky wasn't dumb. He knew that the latest series of events were bad, really bad. His friends had panicked when they heard about the volcanoes and the earthquakes, but Ricky had faith in humanity's power. Was he forgotten by the others when they fled? Perhaps he'd hidden himself, just so he could watch.

That's just the sort of kid he was.

...................................................................

Amelia wiped a tiny bit of blood from her mouth. The impact had hit much harder than she expected, causing even her incredibly resistant body to take some damage. It was likely an internal injury, but Leviathan would take care of it given a bit of rest later on.

"Princess, you don't need to be here. You don't need to fight alongside a _hero_."

Leviathan murmured inside her ear but she shook her head quickly. "I'm not doing this because I have to, Levvy!"

Running forwards, she grabbed a signpost and ripped it out of the ground in one smooth motion, as she jumped up and grabbed onto one of the mecha's legs. Wrapping her small body around the relatively thin leg, she used the sign-pole as a weapon and stabbed straight forwards, the sign facing heavy resistance but still piercing through the leg all the way through the other side. Just as she finished, the robot flicked one of its four arms around and slapped her from its leg, knocking her a few feet away as she came to a rolling stop. Shambling back up to her feet, she rubbed her arm and winced as she felt a bruise developing.

Jason was busy fighting the robot in his own way, but he seemed to be frustrated about something, as if he had expected the fight to be super easy, yet now it was much more difficult than expected. Jamming his armored hand into the side of a building, he tore out a huge chunk of brick and stone and chucked it with explosive speed at the mecha, the block smashing into the cybernetic being with incredible force, a loud shock-wave blasting from it as the debris blew up into tiny fragments and split all over the place, embedding themselves in walls and the ground.

"Princess, this _thing_ is not going down easily. Whatever it's made of, best to just leave it to the hero and his comrade. This isn't our battle." Leviathan again urged her to leave, as he had been fighting her for the last couple months to abandon Jason and go back to her usual self.

Amelia wasn't having any of it. "Levvy, you're usually such a sweetheart, but for once, just let me think for myself! This is fun! I like fighting something that takes real effort to take down!"

"I'm not talking about the battle, princess. I'm talking about your associating with a _hero_. You know what they mean, you know what he will do to you later on, correct? He's your enemy. You can't trust him."

"I-I know that much!" Amelia glared at nothing in particular as she once again felt annoyance at the dragon inside of herself. Jason had taken a few steps back from the battle while his gold and black armored friend pressed the assault. Glancing over at Amelia as she seemed to talk with herself again, he barely seemed to give her a passing thought as he jumped back into the fray.

Amelia glowered as she stumbled forwards slightly, a sudden stinging pain in her chest caught her off guard as she wheezed for breath.

"Princess, you were hit by some of that shrapnel. It's jammed into your chest. Pull it out so I can heal you."

Amelia glanced down with alarm as she saw blood sprouting from a freshly opened wound, as indeed there were two or three small pieces of rock and brick embedded into her sternum. The wounds weren't deep enough to badly wound her, but they certainly _hurt_, and she wasn't used to feeling pain.

Quickly pulling them out, she waited for Leviathan to heal her but paused as the blood continued to slowly leak from the wound. "Levvy, what's wrong? Why aren't you healing me?"

Frustration crept into her friend's voice. "I can't. There's some sort of energy hampering my abilities. I have been wondering about this for a while now, but there's no way you should be having trouble against that monster. It's putting off some kind of spiritual energy nullifier, and your abilities are greatly weakened as a result."

Amelia flicked her eyes up at the eight legged monstrosity. _So that was it._ "Alright, if I get further away, will you be able to heal me?"

Leviathan grunted quietly. "Yes, princess. I believe that will do. But you also need to revitalize yourself. You haven't had a meal in a long time, you know. You have to take care of yourself."

Amelia gritted her teeth. "Yes, Levvy. I know. I... know."

Reluctantly, she quickly started moving away from the fight, slowly feeling as if a weight upon her body was lessening the further away from the robot that she got.

_I'm sorry, Jason. You'll have to forgive me for leaving you like this._

As she left the scene of the fight, Amelia felt something that she couldn't remember feeling ever before. It was a feeling that, if she were a girl of moral stature, she might liken the feeling to _guilt_.

Once she was a few blocks away, she began to feel her wound rapidly healing as Leviathan quickly began to work his regeneration abilities on her. In seconds, she felt whole again.

"There, you're healed. Now, while the hero isn't looking, you need to find sustenance."

Amelia felt a sudden rush of hormones flood her mind as her vision dipped in and out for a moment or two. Stumbling forwards, she felt greatly weakened as her mouth dried up in an instant. "Ahhh... Levvy, I don't feel so good..."

"That's expected. I used your own dwindling energy to heal you. You _have_ to feed."

Tilting her head back, Amelia listened to the sounds of combat in the distance, as Jason didn't appear to be following her. She had moved far away from the main action with the Volgrim and humans, so she didn't have any aliens or demons to eat...

Her eyes flicked around as she quickly looked for heat signatures. Up, in a nearby window, she spotted a small child watching the battle with a simple-minded curiosity.

Pushing her guilt aside, Amelia licked her lips as she made her move.

...................................................................

I was moving very sluggishly for some reason. Usually, a battle with any being, even a strong one like this, would be over in a flash. More disturbingly, I realized early on that my wordsmithing was not only ineffective against it, but I was unable to use my wordsmithing at all while in its presence.

"Centurion, is there any form of energy dampening in the immediate area?"

Amelia had run off a few minutes ago. Likely, seeing the wound she had sustained, even she was having trouble fighting this robot.

"AFFIRMATIVE, PILOT JASON HERO! SUIT STABILITY IS DOWN TO 50%! OVERALL COMBAT EFFECTIVENESS HAS DROPPED BY 85% FROM NORMAL EXPECTED PARAMETERS! A TACTICAL RETREAT IS RECOMMENDED!"

I gritted my teeth as the massive Dragoon smashed me with its massive blunt weapon, a hammer-like object with a heavy round head that weighed several times what the rest of the entire pole combined did. It was very dense, easily capable of leveling a skyscraper given a few aimed hits.

"I can't retreat, Centurion! If Ben and I don't take this thing out, it'll continue killing more and more people! Give me options!"

A sudden flash of movement had me grimace as Ben, even with his highly enhanced abilities thanks to a direct neural connection with his suit, was flattened into the ground by one blow of the mecha's hammer.

"TYPE 3 ENERGY IS BEING DAMPENED IN THIS UNIT'S IMMEDIATE VICINITY. CONVENTIONAL WEAPONRY IS HIGHLY ADVISED AGAINST THIS OPPONENT. WOULD YOU LIKE TO ACTIVATE PHASE MODE?"

There it was again, 'Phase Mode'. It was supposed to be a crazy trump card, though I wasn't sure just how effective it would be in this situation. I had barely even used it in the fight against Amelia.

"Yes, activate Phase Mode. Let's see what it can do."

"AFFIRMATIVE, PILOT JASON HIRO. HYPER DEFENSES NOW ONLINE. WARNING! SUIT STABILITY IS AT 45%! HYPER DEFENSES ARE UNTESTED AT THIS STABILITY THRESHOLD! USE CAUTION, PILOT JASON HIRO!"

I suddenly felt my body stiffen as a humming feeling could be detected all over inside the suit. Just as I was questioning what that humming meant, I looked up just in time to see a hovercar flying directly at me. With no time to dodge, I flinched as I raised a hand up to try and catch it.

Instead, I was suddenly dumbfounded as the car sailed directly through my body, passing through me as if I wasn't even there.

Feeling astonished at what had just happened, I blurted out a few words in confusion. "What the hell just happened?!"

"IN PHASE MODE, RATHER THAN ABSORBING AN IMPACT DIRECTLY, THE HYPERSUIT VIBRATES AT SPEEDS FAST ENOUGH TO PHASE THROUGH OBJECTS. IN TERMS OF DEFENSE, WHAT CANNOT HIT YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO HURT YOU."

Centurion, of course, already had a response prepared. I nodded slowly as I realized that I was sitting around gawking while Ben fought the Dragoon all by himself. I felt like my body's sluggishness had also faded somewhat as well, as I charged forwards, jumping up into the air, I phased through the Dragoon as it swung at me. As the arm swung through me, the Dragoon experienced an apparent moment of confusion as its arm instead smashed into a building instead of me. Flying forwards, I phased through its main upper body, my body solidifying once inside of it, as I started kicking and punching rapidly, tearing it to pieces from the inside out.

Interestingly, there was very little wiring, and this appeared to be a half biological weapon, possibly created by the Volgrim in some weird test tube laboratory somewhere until it reached this monstrous size. While inside of the tight cramped space inside of it, I kicked off hard from against its inner body, blasting out of its back as oddly colored innards spilled out onto the street below.

Landing on the ground with a thud, I rolled myself quickly back into a standing position and looked back, just in time to see the Dragoon fumbling around trying to steady itself as it lost more and more of its inner parts all over the street. Finally, with a single forward stagger, the Dragoon stumbled forwards and slumped to the ground, dead.

I stared for several seconds as I breathed heavily, more out of adrenaline than out of fear or excitement. Ben quickly jumped over, landing beside me in one smooth motion. His suit appeared to be in good condition, but his voice was hoarse and choked, as if he had been physically injured. Popping his helmet open, I saw his face was contorted into an expression of pain. "Hah... good job, Judicator. I don't know how you did it, but you managed... to take that piece of shit down." He coughed quickly as blood spilled from his mouth on the street. After choking for a second or two, he regained his composure, as I quickly used " **Heal.** " on him.

After regaining his breath, he half grinned, half grimaced at me. "That ain't the only one though. Think you've got another one of those fights left in you?"

I quickly shook my head as I activated my outwards speakers. "No. We're going to need a new tactic to deal with those. Their energy dampening is..." I paused, realizing what I almost said. "...well, it's not easy to deal with."

He flicked an eyebrow up. "Energy dampening? What do you mean?"

I quickly came up with a half baked lie. "Didn't you notice your suit performing worse than usual? The suits use exotic energy to power themselves. If they can dampen the suit's powers, these battles aren't quite so one sided anymore."

Ben gnawed on his teeth as he turned away, reaching up to stroke his bushy mustache. "Damn. I knew these suits wouldn't be the ultimate weapon forever. Sooner or later they were going to come up with a counter for them."

I nodded quietly. Actually, I had the oddest feeling that neither demon nor Volgrim had anything to do with these energy dampeners. Every bone in my body screamed this was a homegrown culprit, and I even had a small idea of who might be behind it.

I paused for several seconds as I found my mind racing. I jerked my head up, quickly scanning the area.

Where did Amelia go?
