Part 424b - Usurper

Having an archangel visit me in my office slowed down my plans for the day, especially given he practically ambushed me, but it had to be done. Finally, I've finished our discussion, and we're ready to go.

I step out of my chair and grumble under my breath. "Well, in any case, I believe that I've come up with satisfactory appeasements for your concerns, Archangel Gabriel? I obviously don't want your people dying off due to lack of energy."

Gabriel nods slowly, but a guilty look passes over his face. "You know, I pushed Zeus to open up the gates of Heaven. I agreed with what you wanted to do, so I told the King that it would be best to give it a shot. I didn't realize that it would have so many disastrous consequences."

Ben coughs into his fist. "Yeah, I disagreed from the beginning, but I figured it would take things going wrong for everyone to see the errors in their ways. Whatever, I suppose."

"What's done is done. I'll look into limiting travel once again. I do want it to be more open than it used to be, but there's clearly a middle ground I can aim for." I walk over to the door and beckon, so Gabriel and Ben both get up to follow me. "In any case, mistakes were made. I'm sorry for the trouble I've caused the gods and angels."

Gabriel scratches his head sheepishly as his wings tuck in closer to his body. "It's no trouble at all. Let's just both agree there was blame on both sides and call it a day, hmm?"

"That sounds fair."

The door hisses open, and the three of us step into the hallway, but a blur of motion catches my eye. Pivoting on his heel to face me is the angry face of a familiar man.

"Supreme Commander, Jason Hiro. I would call you 'father', but it seems that word is not applicable anymore."

Steven Feldmann stands just ten feet away, along with two guards to either side of his body, all four of them wearing the Hypersuits I've seen in action so many times over this last year. Given the cuffs hanging from their waists, and the guns slung across their backs, they mean business.

Gabriel takes a step forward to look at me inquisitively. "Mister Hiro, what is the meaning of this?"

Shit. The little punk came looking for me? I didn't expect this. Still, what does he think he can accomplish? He's well below me in political rank... and clout.

I ignore Gabriel's question. "Steven, I don't know what's going on here, but you're not thinking clearly."

"I'm quite sure of what I'm doing. You're a fake. An imposter! You are a demon, shapeshifted to look like a human. Gabriel, you should stand away from him. The Supreme Commander is not human."

Indeed, Gabriel takes a step to the side. "I have not sensed any demonic energy from this one. Perhaps your father is right, Mister Feldmann. I've known you a long time, and you're acting out of character."

"The hell I am!" Steven raises his blaster and aims it right at my chest. "This is an anti-energy rifle. It does not affect an ordinary human, but against a demon, it will incinerate you! This is the perfect test to prove I'm right."

The guards to his side take a step forward in alarm. "Steven Feldmann, this is wrong. By raising your weapon against the Supreme Commander, you're committing treas-"

"Shut up!" Steven's eyes open even wider, and his hand shakes slightly as he aims the blaster at me. "A demon is destroying humanity! Look at what he's done already, in just one short year!"

Anti-energy. Goddammit. If I had known he was out here, I could have expelled the energy from my body and that blaster wouldn't affect me, but in front of all these people, and with Gabriel watching... my options are limited.

Blaarjiim speaks quietly into my mind. _Don't worry. I have a plan. When he fires, I will flood your body with my energy, and it will neutralize the anti-energy. It will seem as though you were unharmed._

I reply telepathically. _I guess that might be worth trying. I don't have a better idea right now. I don't know if adding a bunch of evil energy to my body will solve the problem or not, though._

The black orb scoffs. _I'm not evil, human, I am merely one with the darkness. In any case, my energy is very different from that of a demon's. Anti-energy, as you've seen before, ignores it._

I could try to dodge the attack instead, but won't that look just as suspicious? Damn, that stupid 'son' of mine picked a lousy time to try and kill me.

_Fine. We'll do it your way. I hope this works._

I groan dramatically and roll my eyes. "Alright, son. If that's what it takes, shoot me. I have nothing to hide."

When my eyes meet Steven's, there's a moment of hesitation visible as he suddenly doesn't know what to do. It passes momentarily. "What are you trying to pull?! You think I won't shoot? I will!"

"Do it. And the head of the archangels will even be here to bear witness to my innocence. But... if you pull that trigger, you're going to prison for the rest of your immortal life. I urge you to think twice before committing treason."

Confusion is in the air. The guards look at me and then at Steven, as does Gabriel, Silver, and even Ben. I can almost hear Ben in the back of my mind. _Idiot! If he shoots you, you'll die! The more energy you have, the more damage anti-energy does!_

I know that much. However, there is another option.

As Steven sweats, trying to figure out what to do, I hatch an even better plan. I'm not like the Jason before me. I'm smarter, faster, and more adept than he ever was. Wordsmithing is a nearly omnipotent skill, but one has to know how to use it properly for it to reach its peak.

_Blaarjiim, I'm going to release my energy, but continue to flood me with yours if things look dire._

He doesn't question me, but his gaze betrays curiosity as he appears in my mind's eye.

"Steven, I'm not trying to trick you. You're my son, and I care about you. However, if you go down this path, I will have no choice but to **expel** you."

As the words leave my lips, I turn one of them into a word of power, changing its definition in my mind to something akin to 'release my energy'. I feel my shoulders sag as the power leaves me.

Just in the nick of time, too. My final speech rouses Steven, and his finger hovers over the 'fire' button. "Now I know you're a liar. My father never cared about me, not a day in my life."

"You're wrong." The words slip from my mouth, and for once, I'm not even lying.

_Foom!_

Steven fires the blaster, and the blast impacts me square in the chest. There's a stinging pain in my lungs for just a half second, enough for me to clutch my chest, but Blaarjiim extinguishes the pain a second later.

I quickly inhale and shake my head slowly at Steven.

"Sir! Are you okay?" Silver jumps over his desk and runs to me, but I stop him.

"I'm fine. It just managed to startle me, that's all. I didn't think my son would shoot me."

Steven's eye twitches and he gnashes his teeth. "Y-you liar! You were in pain! I saw it! That blast hurt a lot, didn't it?!"

He starts to tap the fire button again, but two of the guards jump him and pin him to the floor. Gabriel exhales while Steven tries to wrestle free on the ground. "What a relief. He was so sincere that he almost had me worried for a moment."

"Yeah. Heh. He even had me doubting myself." I let a nervous chuckle out, even as Steven glares fireballs at me.

"You're a fake! I know it! What did you do to my father?! You piece of fucking shit! Murderer! I oughta-!" A guard wraps a gag over his mouth and pulls him up, holding him firmly so he can't wriggle free.

"We're very, very sorry about this, Supreme Commander. He didn't tell us why we needed to accompany him. We'd have warned you otherwise."

The guard looks like he's terrified I'm going to fire him for insubordination on the spot. Honestly, I want to, but it all worked out in the end.

"Don't worry about it. Take my son away, but treat him gently. He's just misguided." I make sure to show leniency in front of Gabriel. I can always break Steven later when nobody is watching.

The guards nod, and a few moments later they've rounded the far hallway, all while dragging my son as he tries to scream profanities through his gag.

Silver walks back over to sit at his desk, and I sigh. "I don't know what got into him. I'm sorry, Archangel Gabriel. This must have been pretty distressing for you."

He nods along, but there's something in his eyes that makes me wonder what he's thinking. "It was fairly alarming, but also exciting at the same time. Well, the thing is though, when the anti-energy struck you... you did clutch your chest. What was that about?"

"It's a flinch reaction," Ben interjects. "When I was in the military forces, they would take us out and fire anti-energy at the recruits, just to show them how to tell demons apart from humans. Most people flinch the first few times they're shot at, but it fades once you're used to it."

"Ah. I see." Gabriel scratches his chin. "Well, there was something else, but... ah, whatever. In any case, I need to be heading back to tell Zeus about your verdict regarding Heaven's migration policies. He will be quite happy to hear about your change of opinion, given how catastrophically everything has turned out."

Ben waves a finger in the air. "It hasn't all been bad. People have still been able to see their loved ones, after all. At the least, we achieved that much."

"You are correct." Gabriel bows at the neck, and once we return the gesture, he gracefully walks away, leaving Benjamin and I to our own devices.

Once he's out of range, Ben and I head back into my office. Only once the sound-proof door seals shut can I finally let off some steam.

"GODDAMN IT! THAT STUPID, WORTHLESS-"

I have to stop myself from saying anything else, but I release several long deep breaths. "We are fortunate that worked out so well. I've never been as angry and disappointed as I am now."

Ben fans his face, in spite of the fact the room is quite cool. "How did Steven find out? And how did that anti-energy not tear you apart? Concentrated anti-energy fired from a blaster is not the same as the anti-energy a room like this can create. It will liquefy a demon if they have enough energy concentrated inside themselves."

I decide to tell him a half truth. "I released the energy from within myself once I saw that Steven had the blaster. Luckily, nobody noticed when I did it."

"No joke. Angels are very good at detecting energy types, you know." Ben wipes his forehead. "If he'd sensed you were expelling that energy, you'd be in deep shit. Short of killing and cloning him, you'd have no way to stop him from turning angel-kind against us."

"It's in the past now. What isn't in the past, however, is Lora. She betrayed me deliberately and told Steven I was a fake. I have to assume anyone working with Steven is going to know as well. After everything I did for her, she showed her true colors, in the end. I should have known better than to give her mercy."

Ben walks over and leans against my window heavily. "Don't let it get to you. You avoided the worst of it. Things can't get worse; they can only get better now that you've cast aside the conspiracy about yourself."

"Don't say that, Ben. Every time someone says 'things can't get any worse', the universe seeks to find irony in that moment."

"Maybe not this time?" Ben's voice has more hope in it than I'd like to hear right now.

"Don't press our luck."

.......................................................

It takes nearly a full day of traveling, but thanks to my personal transport ship, supplied by the humans, I arrive back at the familiar sight of Heaven's Gate. A tremendous circular warp-hole where I can see my home dimension on the other side, it stands out from all the other buildings in the area. While I've never been to the one that leads inside the demon's realm, I'm told that it's identical to Heaven's Gate.

What does that say about humans, I wonder? They constructed two great warp-gates, one that leads to the lair of their greatest enemy, and the other which allows them to visit their closest allies... but they made the structures identical. Does that mean humans think of angels and demons in the same way? Are we monsters, just the same as the demons, but with a different outer shell?

It's an amusing thought. The great irony is that if their views were such, our views toward them are the same as well. Humans and demons seem closer than one might think, especially after giving them more than a passing glance. Humans enslave, torture, murder, and do all the things they worry demons will do to them.

Perhaps that is why they fear the demons. Not because the demons are ugly, or powerful, or anything like that, but because the demons are a stark reminder of the typical human's weakness.

Once my ship has landed, I step off and fly over to Heaven's Gate. I need no identification, so commanding is my presence. Several people bow visibly once they see me, before returning to their work. Even if their jobs keep them near Heaven, before the Supreme Commander's loosening of the travel restrictions, few humans had ever seen an angel, let alone a pure-blood, and especially not an Archangel. There are only three of us left, after all. Raphael, Uzziel, and myself.

My sandals scuff the cement lightly as I approach Heaven's Gate. The ring on my finger feels unusually heavy today, though I don't know why. I can only occasionally have a conversation with Michael, but he always seems foggy... distant, even. Was he always like that? So much time has passed since my brother sacrificed himself for the good of humanity, leaving his closest friends behind. The only thing that makes my heart ache more is the realization that Uzziel and Raphael will likely never be able to speak with him. Only I have built the spiritual connection, and when last we tried it was a failure.

"Archangel Gabriel, I see you're back from the human realm." A familiar sappy-faced pureblood stands just before Heaven's Gate and smiles at me. "I came as soon as I heard you were going to arrive. Were you successful with your negotiations?"

"Cherubim Zarall, I hope you are well." I nod slightly at him, just hinting at a bow. "As expected, I was successful. The human's Supreme Commander is unhappy with the current state of things, just as we are. Twisting his arm proved unnecessary."

The Cherub saunters over to me, his long white hair stretching almost down to his heels, and covering most of his body in the process. His face, perfectly shaved as always, shows far more skin than the rest of him would. Of course, being a pureblood, I've known him just as long as all of the palace angels, I just don't venture out to Heaven's Gate very often. Sometimes, seeing someone for the first time in ages can feel like meeting them all over again.

Zarall chuckles. "Sounds like another boring day among the humans, eh?"

We walk through the gate, and I breathe a sigh of relief as I finally stand in the bright, cheerful place I call home. The human-built towers that spiral up into the sky may dwarf the ancient temples we purebloods live in, but they are uniform and ugly compared to the carefully carved perfection of the old structures, built during a time when the utmost care was taken to make them functional... as well as beautiful.

"I wouldn't say it was boring. In fact, something happened, just before I left the commander. He was-" I stop and pause for a moment. "Well, actually, this information is a bit above your position."

"It's no concern of mine if you can't tell me." Zarall weaves his hand inside his hair to scratch his chest. "I'm perfectly content being a nobody who guards the Gate."

"Oh come on, Zarall. You're not a nobody! You're free to visit the temple anytime you want and have another angel take over guard duty."

Sometimes I feel bad for him. The other angels treat him fine, but with all that hair of his, I wonder if it doesn't make others see him as weird. Certainly not me, I couldn't care less.

I relent after he looks away uneasily. "Well, actually, regarding the Supreme Commander... it seems his son made a ploy to grab for power. The pretenses were blatantly false, but he might have gotten away with it if I weren't there to witness it."

Zarall nods sagely, quickly getting back into the mood. "Ah, so you were able to stop him, then?"

"Not in so many words, but my presence was undoubtedly a comfort to Commander Hiro, knowing that I saw the treachery of his son with my own eyes."

We arrive at the Temple of Artemis, and Zarall pauses just outside the great doors. "It sounds like a very exciting time you had, Gabriel, but it's not really for me. I'll go back to checking the scrolls and updating the registry."

"Very well. Take care, friend." I embrace him with a hug, something only one pureblood will ever do with another. There aren't many of us left, after all.

A few minutes later, I stand before the Altar of Saints, a sacred reminder of those who gave up their lives fighting the demons, eons upon eons ago. I like to come here after visiting the humans, and especially before delivering important news to the King. Michael's spirit might be worn upon my finger, but the memory of his self-sacrifice is inscribed here on the altar, and sometimes I feel as though I can even see his spirit trail.

And what an altar it is. 300 feet tall and a hundred wide, it holds the name of every fallen pureblood from the beginning of time until the present. I've read every name countless times, sometimes out of boredom, and other times out of fear that I might forget my brothers and sisters if I didn't.

The sound of footsteps creeps up behind me, and I turn to see the other two Archangels staring at me curiously.

"Back so soon? We didn't expect you for another day." Uzziel stands on her tip-toes and plants a kiss on my cheek. "I hope the humans didn't kick you out early."

I glance around, but no other angels are in our immediate vicinity. "Not quite, but many things have transpired."

Raphael stands and listens while I recount the happenings of the last few days, and Uzziel wraps her arm around mine, leaning against me lightly.

"...and then there's the matter of what happened when Jason Hiro was attacked by his son. The anti-energy hit him, and it didn't affect him."

Raphael raises an eyebrow. "Goodness, you had me running scared for a moment. And here I thought it would turn out he was, in fact, a demon! Ha ha ha!"

Uzziel swings around on my arm. "Hmm... hmm... so he didn't react at all? Not even a little bit?"

"Nope. Well, he did flinch slightly, and he clutched his chest, but Benjamin Brown assured me it was just a startled reaction. If he were a demon though, then he would have surely died, or at least suffered a grievous wound from a blast at such a close range."

"A demon, is it..." Raphael pauses and stares silently at the ground. "There is something, a memory from the distant past. I feel it at the edge of my mind, but it may have been swept away by the sands of time. Something about... humans with magical power."

I have no idea what he's talking about, but Uzziel jumps away from me and gasps. "Th-that's it! You're on the right path, brother! I remember too!...Sort of."

Her jump from confident to uncertain in a single second makes me chuckle. "You don't remember either, then? What use is that to me?"

Suddenly I feel gears turning in my head. "Wait, hold a moment... are you... I feel something too. Not just a faint memory, but something I shouldn't have forgotten at all. Except... I have."

Raphael's brow is bent with consternation. "Indeed. Troubling. My memory isn't as bad as I make it out to be, yet there is a hollow spot, plain as day."

"Right. I can remember the names of every brother and sister from eons past, but not this one detail? Why?" A sickening churning fills my body, and I have to sit on a marble bench nearby. "Why can't I remember?"

Uzziel speaks, her voice almost a whisper. "If the perfect memories of an angel are unable to recall something... there is only one culprit, brothers."

"Memory manipulation. Someone has changed our brains to remove the knowledge we once had. But who? And why?"

Raphael's question makes me feel even more uneasy.

"Is this hole created by magic... or by technology? It exists. I feel it now. But what does it mean?"

"No point guessing. Ask the King if he knows when you speak with him. It could be benign." Raphael's words are not reassuring.

The three of us feel cold shivers in our bodies, but the feeling passes, and we finally have to laugh the moment off. "Well, um, in any case... I'll be going now." Uzziel hops over and hugs me before walking away to do... whatever it is she does. I think she plays games with the humans when nobody is looking, but then, she's always been sympathetic to their plights.

Raphael sits down on the bench beside me. "Well, since you're going in to speak with the King, I had a favor to ask of you."

"Hmm? What?" He suddenly seems so solemn. This is what I'm used to from him, but somehow it's more intense than usual.

"Regarding... the... the new life King Zeus is creating." Raphael grips his staff firmer. "I haven't wanted to tell you this yet, but with all the changes to the energy supply lately... well, there has been something of concern on my mind."

"Would you prefer Uzziel not know?"

The fact he waited for her to leave is telling. Whatever is on his mind must be of grave importance.

"You misunderstand, Gabriel. I don't want even _you_ to possess this knowledge. The fact the King might know it shakes me to my very core. I have only held this secret all my life silently, knowing it could save us if we were ever truly in a world ending bind."

He continues. "Do you know why they call me Raphael the Wise, and Raphael the Eldest, despite the fact that all of the Archangels are the same age?"

Funny he asks that. "No. I just assumed you were... uh... wise. And knowledgeable."

Raphael lunges his hand out suddenly and grabs my wrist, making me squirm in surprise. "Wrong!" He hisses under his breath. "It is because I am the keeper of a secret power, something the angels swore never to use again, under any circumstance. The knowledge I possess has filled me with a dread unlike any you could ever feel, from the day I swore the sacred oath, to this very moment. The horrible pain I felt muddled every smile, every laugh, every single moment of happiness..."

His hand, still gripping mine, begins to tremble. "And... the fact that I must share this knowledge with you... it hurts me. I am breaking a sacred pact, not because I want to... but because I must. You alone are the only brother of mine with a strong enough will to never abuse this... this horrendous knowledge."

Raphael tears up and wipes them away a moment later. I take the time to prod him. "What is it? If this information is so awful, perhaps I shouldn't kno-" I catch myself and stop what I'm saying immediately.

Raphael has a secret, something tearing him apart from the inside out. Whatever it is, I would be selfish to let only him carry the burden. It must be killing him that only he knows.

"Sorry. Raphael, brother, if you wish to tell me, I will listen. Do not bear this cross on your own."

Raphael, in spite of the pain he must be feeling, cracks a smile. "Haha... a cross... funny. Michael would find that very amusing."

"Yes. I believe he might." I touch the ring on my finger gently, and finally, Raphael gathers up the will to speak again.

"Creating a new angel... is impossible."

"Huh?" I blink in surprise. "Impossible? But... but Zeus is doing it."

"Indeed. Rather, I should say that it is not impossible... but that the method for doing so has been sealed away, locked only in my mind, since the beginning of time."

My teeth clench together of their own accord. "What is this method, then?"

"Speak of this to no-one." Raphael hisses the words out again, shooting a suspicious glance at two angels talking to each other across the Great Hall. They're several hundred feet away though, and the Great Hall does not echo voices at all. "Creating an angel requires two things, Gabriel. It requires a tremendous amount of energy, as Zeus is receiving now... but... it also requires..."

Seconds pass before he forces himself to finish. "...fresh life energy."

So that's what it was. For some reason, the revelation is revolting, but not world-shattering as I had expected. "I don't understand, brother. What do you mean by fresh?"

Raphael turns away from me. "In other words, on top of the thought energy that Zeus is obtaining from the humans and Volgrim, it's likely he is killing humans to gain life energy for each angel he creates."

I finally understand what he means. "Zeus is killing humans? How many would it take to create an angel?"

"Just one." The words limp out of his mouth weakly. "That is all. But the human who is killed for the purpose of creating an angel will not be revived as an angel once they die. It requires their entire soul."

"A grim revelation for sure. Still, not to be callous, Raphael, but even if it does require a fresh life energy... it's just one human life. What difference does it makes when they have trillions?"

Raphael surprises me again by smiling. "Indeed, you are correct. Just one human soul is a trifle. Even I could not pretend to care about a single person. But that is not the problem, Gabriel. The issue lies in him possessing the forbidden knowledge."

Raphael's grip tightens on my wrist as he sends a mental image through our spirits.

In front of my eyes, an image of the cosmos, bright and radiant, fills the room around me. The bystanders and other angels fade away. Raphael's voice speaks, a soft whisper that quickly escalates into a universe shattering BOOM.

"Behold... the universe! A wondrous place, filled with all manner of sights and wonders!"

Raphael's face becomes a soft, half-faded shape against the backdrop of the cosmos. "Once, there was a time when angels were as numerous as the stars in the sky. Even I know not how we first realized our existence. Besides the angels, there were the Dragons, and the Titans! The three great powers fought for control of the galaxy, but angels were always at a disadvantage. The other species could use their inexhaustible stamina and magical energy to fight and rest, fight and rest... but whenever an angel fought, he would run the risk of draining himself and dying!"

"How then, brother, do you suppose the angels could fight a war of attrition, when attrition was our greatest weakness, hmm?!" Raphael's voice is thundering and accusatory now, aimed at me as if it were my fault the three races warred.

I don't get a chance to respond. "It's simple! We stole the energy of others for ourselves! We ripped the souls from the Dragons, and the Titans, and we added them to our own consciousness! We created more and more angels until soon we began to run out of Dragons and Titans to fight!"

"AND THEN WHAT DO YOU THINK HAPPENED?!" Raphael screams at me and the forms of the three species fighting melts away. "OF COURSE! THE ONLY BEINGS LEFT TO TAKE ENERGY FROM WERE OURSELVES!!!"

A colossal image of angels stabbing each other, tearing wings off, and otherwise mutilating each other in horrible ways plays out in my mind. For every angel born, ten more are murdered by their brethren. I feel anxious and fearful as the scenes play out in my mind.

Raphael's voice quiets down. "Do you remember, Gabriel? Of course, you don't. We were the first angels born, we killed the most, and we lived together, but in spite of your battle prowess and my mind, I knew what we were doing was wrong. The cycle would only result in the extinction of our kind. And so, I called for a cease-fire, not just with the angels, but with the Titans too. The Dragons were nowhere to be seen, or I would have invited them as well."

The pieces finally click in my mind. "That's why you created the demons, then? And the humans?"

"Yes."

The infinite cosmos of the past fades away, and moments later I'm back on that bench, sitting beside my brother once more. A deep sadness lingers in his eyes, one I haven't seen as long as I've known him.

"I agreed, as the arbiter of peace, to carry the burden for our people. We would wipe away wars, anger, sadness. The Titans, being superior to us when it came to the matters of energy creation and collection, devised a system to give us energy in smaller, but more stable quantities, via a species serving only as cattle for our needs. In exchange, everyone would give up their memories of the past. Only I had to live, knowing what we had done."

Raphael lifts his head up and turns back to look at the altar behind us. "These names... they are nothing. I remember countless others before them. Angels whose existences you don't know of. Tens of thousands of angels that would be archangels like ourselves. You will never see them or speak to them."

My heart feels like it's made of lead. I can't even process what he's telling me. "So... if Zeus knows about... the process to create an angel..."

"Then he may know of our ultimate technique. Being a god -the descendant of Titan and angel- he holds the power to use our abilities, in addition to titan powers. He may just possess the ability to steal souls."

"I'll... I'll talk to him about this, then..."

"NO!" Raphael almost jumps out of his seat. "Absolutely not! You are not to speak of this to anyone, and certainly not Zeus! I am only telling you this... so you will be on your guard. You must be aware of what I know. With this, we can ensure no tomfoolery is going on."

I swallow long and hard. "I understand. Thank you, for telling me this."

"Oh, don't thank me. This is not a reward, but a curse. Above all other things, you must never use this knowledge for evil. You must _never_ use this power."

Raphael shivers before standing up. "Ah, I had almost forgotten... the Volgrim are trying to establish a warp-gate to Heaven, just as the humans have done. I strictly oppose it, so just remember that, if Zeus tries to talk you into anything."

"I will, brother." I eye him unsmilingly as he limps away. We do not embrace each other this time, for now we must share in sorrow together.

The power to rip souls from other beings. How... barbaric. Horrific. And the way Raphael looked at me when he spoke of it... I must have been violent before my memory was wiped.

Just how many souls have _I_ taken?