Part 293a:

It was the 29th of December, in the year 2100, when humanity finally learned of the Angels. America, always a bastion of devoutly religious believers, had been wiped off the map before their suspicions had been confirmed. Almost a hundred years earlier, a poll had been taken of the world in which citizens of North America had a 46% suspicion or direct belief that angels were real.

If they had not been annihilated mere days before, they might have been overjoyed at this incredible sight. Instead, the angels became a grim reminder of the world's loss of two major continents.

The wrath of the gods, long unseen by the citizens of Earth, was swift and merciless. They came first in hundreds, then thousands, then millions. A swift unending torrent of death and destruction. Streaming from an unseen portal high in the sky, they rained holy retribution on the aliens that had come to kill their pious believers. Even the atheists, large in number though they might be, were instantly converted into believers on that great day. Would their faith prove unshakable like a mountain? Only time would be the judge of that.

As for me, I had long come to accept the existence of gods and angels. The only thing I had not come to accept, however, was the belief that they were pious and righteous. They were an ally of humanity, to an extent, but only in that I viewed them as parasites that depended on humans to sustain their existence.

Many angels, especially the pseudo-angels who had been reborn after their death, were genuinely good and honest beings, but plenty were not. Their convictions and reasons mattered little though, in the grand scheme of things. It was their _power_ that made them valuable allies. A single angel was far stronger, faster, and wielded vastly more spiritual energy than a regular human. While not comparing to the power of a Hypersuit Commando, even the weakest pseudo-angel could be said to be a god when compared to the average human.

I watched wordlessly as a single angel slammed into the ground beside a ten-strong company of Volgrim, his hand swinging down a blade made of pure spiritual energy, slicing through a Volgrim in the blink of an eye. Before the others had taken a moment to react, he cut down two more. As they leveled their weapons at him, another angel landed beside him, the impact shaking the very ground they stood on.

In seconds, all ten Volgrim were dispatched with ease. As the humans watched with awe on their faces, the Hypersuit Commandos quickly began using their limited numbers and incredible firepower to focus down the Dragoons, leaving the small-fry Volgrim to the angels. Within the hour, most Volgrim on Earth were killed, though some were captured to be later interrogated.

I switched my feed to world news stations as various Britannian TV personalities started babbling their ideas about what was going on, who these angels were, and what it all meant in the grand scheme of things. Shaking my head slowly, I deactivated the feed.

To me, this was an empty victory. Many have called me foolish, but anyone who understood how the dynamics of the three Earth clans worked would understand this was the worst possible outcome. The angels possessed unimaginable power, which, when combined, easily dwarfed even my own abilities. But that power came at a heavy price, both for themselves and humanity. They had withdrawn themselves from the eyes of the general public for a reason. They had formed alliances with the true elites among humans to suppress and hide all information of their existence for a reason. Everything they did was for a reason.

The fact that they were here now... it meant they had admitted defeat. If humans died, the angels would soon follow. This admittance of their existence meant they had been driven into a corner.

I swallowed as I spoke to my onboard AI. "Centurion. What is the probability of victory for the Britannian forces today?"

His voice responded, and while it sounded just as hollow as usual, he somehow seemed to be pleased with the results. "PILOT JASON HIRO, THE CHANCE OF VICTORY HAS INCREASED TO 99.99%, BASED ON THE REMAINING COMBINED COMBAT ABILITIES OF THE HUMANS AND ANGELS. THE ONLY POSSIBLE CHANCE OF DEFEAT WOULD BE AN UNKNOWN ABERRATION, SUCH AS A TOTAL AND COMPLETE SHUTDOWN OF ALL BIOLOGICAL ACTIVITY AT ONCE."

"Great... that's great. Thank you, Centurion."

I slumped down to sit on a nearby rock as I lowered my head to the ground. Trees burned in the distance as Volgrim desperately fired their plasma rifles at vegetation, trying to cause any damage they possibly could in their final moments. The angels extinguished the fires with the barest use of their magical powers.

As I sat, a familiar form walked up from behind me. Glancing up, I nodded at him. "Raphael."

The old archangel ambled up to me, leaning heavily on his old gnarled cane. Too heavily, if you asked me. He hardly seemed to need it, using it mostly for show. "You seem disheartened, young mortal. Something on your mind?"

"We've lost, haven't we?"

He stared ahead for a moment after hearing my response. Sighing slowly, he shuffled his feet slightly. "Now, whatever might you mean by that?"

I explained my thoughts to him as he nodded and listened intently. "Ah, so you believe the angels are doomed, now that we've shown ourselves to the humans? A wise observation. Likely correct, if I don't say so myself."

I cocked my head as I heard muffled screams in the distance. They were bloodcurdling, likely the sound of a Volgrim facing certain death. The sounds ended abruptly, just as his life probably did. "So you agree."

Raphael shrugged lightly, a motion I wouldn't have expected a wise archangel to use. "Perhaps, perhaps not. You seem to be convinced that the future is repeating itself."

I rose to my feet, now towering above the archangel, who was of small stature compared to my titanic body. "Well? Isn't it?"

"I do not know. I only know of the prediction that you gave. Earth will eventually be partially destroyed, humans will be enslaved, and the angels will all be killed off. The demons will reign supreme, and all hope will be lost. Certainly not an ideal future, if I might say so myself."

I grumbled silently to myself regarding his dispassionate explanation of the future I came from. "You don't seem to care all that much, if you ask me."

"Perhaps I am not so convinced that the future is set in stone." Raphael glanced over to me, cocking his eye questioningly. "Why do you assume that it is? Perhaps it is your tacit agreement that the future will stay the same, that the rivers of time will not change their course. Perhaps it is your actions, or your lack thereof, that cause the future to occur."

I found myself raising an eyebrow questioningly at his words. "That could certainly be the case. What are you trying to imply?"

Again he shrugged as he averted his gaze from mine. "I'm just an ancient old man. I only know what I know of the past, and nothing about the future. Many times have some predicted the end of the angels, or the demons, or the humans. All of those times, they have been wrong. Why do you suppose that is?"

"I'm not sure. Luck? It wasn't their time?"

Raphael rolled his eyes mockingly. "I suppose, if you're a simpleton, that might be the case. However, I suspect a more complicated reason is why. Perhaps there is another who guides the universe towards a path of His choosing."

I blinked slowly. _Oh_. That's what he means. "You think the Creator is guiding the universe then?"

Raphael smiled a toothy grin at me. "Perhaps. Perhaps not. Do you think he _isn't_?"

I groaned inwardly as the old man played word games with me. This was not what I felt like talking about. "I don't know, Raphael. I thought the angels were made in the Creator's image. Don't you know who he actually is, in that case?"

Raphael's grin disappeared. "Nay. I may have known his identity, or hers, or 'theirs', as it were, but that was eons upon eons ago. That was another life. Now I know nothing of His persona, only that which He left behind for us to witness."

Right... so the old man thinks the creator has a grand plan for the universe... where have I heard that before? "Alright, so if he has a plan, then does that plan involve the angels being killed?"

Raphael nodded. "Indeed, it may. Humans created a genre of games they call 'simulation', where fake humans go about with their fake lives. The player even has the choice of eradicating their world for fun and sport. Would a Creator above ourselves not be in a similar position to us compared to that game?"

I cocked an eyebrow. "I'm surprised you know anything about video games. As for the question, I suppose that might be the case, but it makes our existences rather hollow and meaningless."

"Existence is suffering." Raphael nodded matter-of-factly, as if that put an end to the entire discussion. Jeez, I didn't know an archangel could be so nihilistic.

"You seem to have a lot to say today. Why is that?" I decided to try the direct approach, given its excellent track record over my lifetime.

Raphael turned away from me as he started to shuffle away. "Oh, I don't know. An old man sometimes just wants to speak his mind, you know. Especially to a depressed looking whippersnapper moping around like the world just ended, and after winning a major battle at that!"

As he walked away, I glanced around myself at the bodies as far as I could see, the plumes of smoke billowing into the air, and the crumbled buildings in the distance. "If this is a win, I don't want to see a loss, old friend."

...................................................................

Amelia sipped at the water that Ricky had given her. It tasted awful, just as any normally edible or drinkable substance would taste to her, but she powered through it anyway. She didn't want to make the stupid boy cry.

Grumbling as every sip tasted like dog urine, she finally finished the cup and coughed lightly, tossing the styrofoam container to the side as she lay back down on her back. It was miserably hot in the Hyperdome, and she was feeling greatly uncomfortable due to being around tens of thousands of other people in the same enclosed space. All around herself, people were chattering and blabbing endlessly, their voices like a loud roar coming from all directions at once.

Leviathan appeared in her mind as she groaned audibly again. "Princess, are you feeling... well?"

Ricky was nowhere in sight at the moment, so she didn't feel uncomfortable speaking out loud around all the strangers milling about. "No, Levvy... I feel terrible. This place reeks of humans. It's hotter than Hell, too."

Leviathan chuckled. "I'll take your word for it, even though we've never been there. We should pay my previous pupil a visit some time." Leviathan paused for a moment as he realized what he had said. "Never mind, that is not what I wish."

Amelia closed her eyes as she visualized Leviathan's physical appearance from the last time she had seen him, millennia ago. "Levvy... I won't forget my promise to you. I'll make him pay for keeping you locked up."

Leviathan let out a long sigh at her statement. "Princess... it is no longer necessary. We are bonded for life. Perhaps, by his treatment of me, it was part of a larger picture, so that we might meet. Perhaps what he did, even if unintentional, was the best thing that ever happened to you and I. I regret nothing in my life, neither should you."

Amelia cracked an eye open. "Oh? What about Jason? You're saying I shouldn't regret calling him my friend?"

Leviathan snickered softly. "Heh, always with the sharp wit. I stand by what I said before. Jason is dangerous, he simply doesn't know that himself. He is like a spark dancing next to dry hay. Sooner or later, he will cause a great fire that will burn the barn to the ground."

Leviathan paused as his voice suddenly had a tinge of uncertainty to it. "...Still, I do not wish a life of endless war and killing on you. I do not like that you must devour life to sustain your own. I am far less sure of things than I was when I was free."

"When you were... free?" Amelia opened both eyes as a feeling of sadness washed over her. "Do you feel trapped inside of me? Do you want to be free again?"

Leviathan didn't respond for a few moments, before a slow response finally came. "...Yes. But I cannot. You would perish, should that happen. And... if you were to perish, I should not be able to go on myself."

Amelia suddenly felt something inside of her eye. Reaching up, she wiped it off only to discover that she was again crying. This was the second time in a mere week that she had done so, in a long life of never once displaying negative emotions.

Leviathan immediately picked up on it. "Princess, are you-...?"

She shook her head quickly as she leaned up to a sitting position and quickly dried her eyes. "Ah, no, it's just so hot in here, I must have felt faint for a moment, and I-"

Leviathan chortled loudly at her sudden flustered words. "Ah Princess, it means much to an old dragon that you would shed tears over the thought of my death. But worry not, we will always have one another. I would never allow someone to cause harm to you....Never."

Amelia nodded as she felt herself smiling. "Thank you... Levvy. We'll always be there for each other. Nobody can break our bond. If anyone were to try, we would just kill them."

From deep within, Leviathan did not respond to her. However, she had the distinct impression that the thought of killing had somehow saddened him. He had been slowly but surely changing over the centuries... he was simply not the same overly haughty dragon that he used to be.

Perhaps it was for the better. Perhaps it was just the way things had to be.

...................................................................

Unarin kept his emotions neutral as he examined the final report. By the numbers, it was a success, but not a victory. They had succeeded in badly crippling the humans, and had caused the angels to reveal themselves to the general public. Many Volgrim had died, the outrageously high number was something that had nearly caused Unarin's blood to boil over.

Still, the timetable was too tight. Their planet did not have much time left. They needed a new home for their people, and soon. Perhaps diplomacy was the only way? No, the humans were far too angered to acquiesce a single thing to the Volgrim they hated so much.

He had at one point asked Satan what it would take to create a dimensional space big enough to house the Volgrim... but the soul cost was too unbelievable. Such a number would cripple their capabilities for generations. It was better than extinction, but not by much.

Unarin licked his armored tongue across his razor-sharp teeth, hissing sharply as he read the numbers again. Damn. _If only Dosena were still here._

Glancing across the table at the other Founders, they all appeared to be staring ahead blankly, with nothing better to do. They had all just finished reading the reports, and clearly none were pleased.

Given it was his right and duty to speak first, Unarin broke the silence. "I have come to a decision regarding Dosena's replacement."

Instantly, the other Founders turned their head towards him. Trayza, the third in command, suppressed a smile. Finally, she would have the chance to curry favor with Unarin as his second in command. With her love of war, potentially surpassing Dosena's, her psionic abilities would no longer be mocked, as her commanding abilities on the battlefield would propel them to inevitable victory regardless of her lacking in mental areas.

She started to thank Unarin, but he continued speaking. "Regarding the position of Second Founder, I have chosen Elder Nufaris as the new second Founder. I have not told him of this yet."

Unarin paused as he caught a glimpse of shock flutter around the table as each other Founder expressed the slightest hint of revulsion at his choice.

"E-Elder Nufaris?! But he's not even a High Vizier! Nor is he a Battle Commander or a Warrior General! What qualifications could he-?!" Trayza shot off her mouth, then suddenly slapped it shut realizing the disrespect she had just shown. "I... beg your pardon. I did not mean to... express such a show of emotion."

As she tilted her head down, she felt rage and embarrassment flow through her, both at being ignored for the role of Second, and for her outburst.

Unarin graciously accepted her apology. "Trayza... I did not make this choice lightly. I hope you will forgive me for not putting you in your rightful position as Second. However, with regards to the matter of the Humans... I have been debating a new tactic. I know not how it will work, but Elder Nufaris is the only one who has had as much contact with a human as I have, but in a more diplomatic manner. Ignoring his abilities and renown or lack thereof, he was the obvious choice for me to pick, given he has spoken personally with the Hero that leads the humans."

Trayza stared forwards quietly, merely nodding her head in response.

Unarin sent a mental signal to the guards outside, as they sent Elder Nufaris into the Founders Contemplation Room.

Unarin kept his face neutral as he looked at the small Volgrim before him. "Elder Nufaris, for your service to your people, both recently and in the past, you have been elected the Second Founder of Volgarius. Your new title will be 'The Soothsayer'."

As Nufaris had a flash of joy pass over his face, Unarin chuckled quietly to himself. _The perfect pawn, and not a fool like Trayza. He will do decently, until I can find an ideal replacement._
