Part 190

"...The Illuminati? Seriously? You've got to be kidding." I stared at Samantha in disbelief. "You've definitely gone too far, you're pulling my leg."

Samantha pouted. "I'm not lying! The humans became smarter and realized the gods were toying with them... they started up secret societies to rid the world of angelic and demonic influence."

I chuckled softly. "This sounds like the plot for a bad video game. Illuminati, angels, gods, demons, humanity's fate, and maybe even aliens. What the hell happened while I was out for a hundred million years, anyway?"

I stared ahead blankly as I thought of the last 11 years I'd spent in this labyrinth. Much of that time was spent pissing into the wind, doing little other than fighting demons and killing demons. This has been my life now, for too long. Whatever this 'great war' is, it's older than mankind itself, and has stretched on for an unimaginable hundred million years or longer.

"Samantha, Cassiel, what if I told you two that I want to put an end to the war?"

Cassiel shrugged. Samantha slowly wagged her head up and down. "I suppose that would be nice. How, though? What can one man do to stop the war?"

I curved my lips into a small smile. "I'm not 'one man', though. The three of us, are one human, one angel, and one demon. We represent each of the species! And on top of that, we seem to get along splendidly. It could be like this easily, if the others would just forget their grudges and move on."

Samantha instantly shook her head. "Nope, sorry, not going to happen. Maybe the angels can, seeing as Cassiel is all that's left, and maybe the humans could too, but the demons? It will never work. Too much bad blood. Humans have left a corrupting influence on what was once the most harmonious race. Under Satan, we all followed orders and let him do the thinking. Ever since he died... we..." Samantha trailed off as she glanced away for a moment, a storm of emotions clouding her face. She quickly righted herself. "His death left us in tatters. We demons may have won the war, but now we are ruled by petty feuds, squabbling for power, and fighting over scraps and bits of land. We have become like the humans once were... or still are."

The expression on her face soured as she rubbed her bare arms. I could feel my own emotions deflating. "We need answers. I need answers." I thought back to that day, years ago... that day everything changed and I experienced true loss. "Samantha, this is going to be an odd question. Have you ever heard of a human woman named Marie?"

Samantha shrugged. "Marie? I hear many human names and forget them just as quickly, especially such a plain and boring name like that."

Makes sense. I didn't expect her to know, but Samantha seems to know a lot of things, more than I find comfortable for an ordinary demon. "I'm not sure of the details, but Marie was a woman who may know something about the Cryopod I was in when I arrived at this labyrinth. I think she was another of the cryopod survivors, or maybe she was a human who escaped from one of the world gates... I don't know, but Marie is the key. I must speak to her."

Cassiel kept quiet as she obviously had no idea who that was. "Well, Hero, do you have anything to go on?" Samantha sighed as she played with her hair, her boredom already starting to show.

I paused. "No... but, come to think of it, maybe I know someone who does."

I get up and beckon to the two girls. They get up and walk up close as I put my hands on each of their shoulders. "Brace yourselves. We're about see just how far I can stretch my abilities."

I glance at my mental map. I might be mistaken, but this one spot here looks like it's the right one...

" **Teleport!** "

In an instant, we travel hundreds of miles, draining a gigantic amount of my energy, as we appear inside a familiar dark room. The only visible light is the light escaping from Cassiel's aura, as I look up and spot a familiar tiny hole in the ceiling.

Oh, and we're not alone in the room.

A familiar looking statue greets me when I appear, making me jerk back for a second in fright.

"Oh, look who came to visit. It's the God King himself, along with his little pet."

_Gressil_.

Gressil grins at me as he notices my tiny amount of energy left over. This was... a bad idea.

Then he turned and looks at Samantha, a wave of shock passes over his face, and he bows ever so slightly. "Oh! My queen, I did not realize you were escorting these two around! Should I stay out of your way or do you have this... _situation_... under control?"

Samantha smirks as she looks away. "Do what you wish, I won't interfere."

Gressil grins as he looks down his long, pointy beak at me. "You seem to be out of energy. I'll make this quick."