Part 163: Honor

Lucifer and Satan faced each other. They were standing out in a meadow some distance from the Fortress of Evil, as millions of imps, scythers, and other such demons watched from the nearby hills, from hastily made platforms, from the air (A few could fly, but only the highly evolved ones) and other such places.

Whooping and cheering could be heard. To Lucifer's dismay, most of the demons were cheering for Satan, not for himself. _Oh well, if they underestimate me, it will only make my powers that much more spectacular. Even Satan has no idea of what I am capable of._

Satan eyed the youth warily. _Yes, he has become mighty, but I still have the upper hand in intelligence, and my newest special ability will likely give me the upper hand. I must win, at all costs._

Lucifer pointed at Satan with his pinky, a sign of great disrespect. "Today, you will die, and I will rule our people! I am more fit than you to lead!"

Satan scoffed. "You may have the power, but you lack the discipline to lead tens of millions of demons."

"Hah! DISCIPLINE?! More than 60 million demons have died in the last few months under your leadership! They are dying by the droves thanks to your weakness and inability to crush Hercules!" As Lucifer spoke, a tiny portion of the crowd started murmuring to themselves.

Satan glanced around. _I need to start the battle and end him quickly. It is fortunate that he has not yet spoken about Leviathan, though he may be planning to kill me and take Leviathan's powers for himself, along with that orb._

"All right whelp, you've had your fun, now let's see if you are any better with your fists than you are with your weapons."

Lucifer's grin expanded mightily. "Oh, _you will see_, great leader. You will see."

...................................................................

The battle took off with a start. Lucifer, instead of charging head on, quickly punched the ground repeatedly, causing minor tremors in the ground, and causing it to split and heave all over the battlefield as irregularities appeared. More importantly, many spots of ground shot up, creating _shadows_ where they blocked the sunlight.

_Cheh. Smart move, and here I thought a sprawling meadow might give me an advantage. Maybe he's not as stupid as I thought._ Satan watched warily as small shadows appeared here and there. Shadows didn't have to be big for Lucifer to transfer himself, they only needed to be _dark_.

In a flash, Lucifer disappeared and reappeared behind Satan, silently leaping forwards with his knife and stabbing at Satan's back. However, Lucifer was only fast when he transferred from shadow to shadow, which happened instantly. Out in the open, he moved at only an above-average speed.

Satan was fast _all_ the time.

In the time it took for Lucifer to jump from his hiding spot, Satan had already spotted him and formed a plan. As the young one leaped towards him, Satan squatted down in a flash, scooped up some dirt, and whipped around, heaving it into Lucifer's eyes.

"Gragh!" Lucifer yelped in surprise as his vision blurred. Swiping wildly at the air, he scored no hits on his predecessor. But Satan did. Satan quickly reached around and punched Lucifer directly in the face, sending him flying into one of the earthen mounds he had created with his first attack earlier.

Lucifer hissed air angrily, and after a quick blink and rub, his eyes were clear again. "Always with the tricks!" In an instant, he disappeared again.

Satan quickly moved his hands around as he cast a hasty spell. It didn't need to do much, only distract the youth. Superior battle tactics had always been what won Satan his victories, not usually brute force.

Lucifer once again leaped from the shadows behind Satan, as Satan expected. _So predictable_.

Lucifer swiped at Satan's unmoving body again, but yelped in surprise as it vanished from the air. "A mirage?!" He quickly looked around but didn't see Satan as he continued flying through the air, flailing his limbs around.

"Under you." A voice said, as Satan erupted from underground, delivering a mighty blow directly to Lucifer's abdomen. The breath blasted out of his body as he went flying up at a crooked angle, and then smashed into the ground. He panted and wheezed for breath, but out of the corner of his eye, Satan charged at him on the offensive. Satan grabbed one of his feet, and before Lucifer could respond, he was smashed around like a child's toy.

WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! Satan smashed him from the left to the right and back to his left again, as he left a crumpled mess of a demon lying on the ground. "It is over. Surrender now and I will spare your life."

Lucifer coughed weakly as he lay on the ground. "No... y-you will not defeat me and let me live in shame... I won't allow it!" Suddenly, Lucifer, who had been holding the black orb tightly in his off hand the whole time, cupped it with his right hand. " **Power!!** "

Instantly, his wounds healed themselves, and within a couple seconds, he was standing fully upright again.

"All right then, _dear leader_, I've gotten a good grasp on your abilities. Time for me to get serious."
