Part 013:

I have two choices now.

Somehow, I have looped back around to my original starting location. There is probably a statue monster in this area. But the door that got me here did not exist before.

This place defies the laws of known physics. Somehow, and this sounds absurd, the structure of this place must have changed. The door that got me in this room was not here originally, I'm somewhat sure of that. And the writing on the door was also not there when I first saw it.

This place changes. That has to be the answer. It doesn't make any sense, but neither does shooting light and fire out of my hands. And if it's changing, then I have three logical options.

I don't like options 2 and 3. There's probably a fucking statue monster waiting to eat me, and I'm not sure the extent of my abilities would save me as I currently am. So I decide to try out the first option.

Walking back down the corridor towards the El-Dorado room, I step into it and find...

It has changed. This is not the El-Dorado room. This is something else.

A great fountain is in the middle of this room. I step into the room and walk towards the fountain. My breath catches as I see that the fountain is not bubbling up water in great torrents, but _liquid gold_. Flowing liquid gold spouts up through the top of the fountain, and is recycled up and through the bottom of it to come out the top again.

The fountain itself though, that is what is truly interesting. It's a fountain of a lovely lady, clothed in only her skin. Her right palm is stretched upwards, like she's trying to rest it on the ceiling, 50 feet above her. The water bubbles up and out of her hand, trickling down her body and coming to rest in a pool surrounding her feet.

And in her left hand, there is a glowing black orb clasped firmly. It looks to be exactly the opposite color of my orb. My orb projects a strong light, but hers projects a strong darkness, the two energies of our orbs fighting amongst each other for dominance of the room.

The floor, interestingly, is covered in grass. Actual grass, with flowers here and there. Everywhere her darkness touches, the grass and flowers are dead, and if I move closer, the light from my orb heals them and bring the grass and flowers to life.

Above her sits a golden chandelier with hundreds of unlit candles. A mighty golden door, 20 feet tall, sits on the opposite side of the room from me.

I'm so tired of doors. I'd give anything to never see another door again.

"Do you desire it?"

A voice speaks to me, in the back of my mind. Who was that?

"Do I desire... what?"

The voice... smiles. It somehow grins evilly inside my mind. "Do you desire the power to rule life and death?"

"No." I say flatly. "I desire pizza."
