Part 093 - Epilogue

I awoke suddenly, face down on a cold marble floor. The room I am in is dark, with only a single light source illuminating everything. Of course, I can't see light due to my blindness, but this was a light source that was perceivable due to it being spiritual energy.

"Hoarhiim!" I yelled in surprise and barely staggered to my feet. My body was in absolutely awful shape. I stumbled and fell back to the ground with a painful thud. The hard marble gnashed my broken bones together.

"H-Hoarhiim! How am I where you are?! I left you in Hero City!"

Hoarhiim projected a mental image of himself nodding. "Indeed you did. I used your wordsmithing to return you to myself."

I nodded slowly. "Then... wait! Amelia! Blaarjiim! What happened? You took over and I lost all consciousness! Are they still trapped on that world?"

Hoarhiim didn't answer for several seconds. "...yes. But, not for long."

I grew alarmed. "They will escape then? Damn! I had meant to put her down once and for all. I released her from her prison, and it should have been my job to put her back in it!"

Hoarhiim projected his face into my mind again. "Quiet. Stop using the crown and stop thinking so much. Listen carefully. After you let me take over your body, I fought with Blaarjiim for several long, grueling hours. He and I are polar opposite ends of the same coin. If one of us is strong, so is the other one. I finally won by causing the sun over that planet to explode. I used a spell derived from a word in your language. _Supernova_."

I paused for a second. Supernova? Like, making the sun explode? That's insane, how could Hoarhiim have that much power?

"You're sure they didn't survive, right?"

Hoarhiim was silent. "In less than two minutes, we will know for sure."

I frowned at his comment. "I see. Mysterious as always. And what about Beelzebub? Is he here?"

I glanced around but didn't see him. Hoarhiim mentally rubbed his head. "Ah, yes, there was another, wasn't there? Just recall him and he should be fine."

I nodded. I didn't have a whole lot of magical energy left, but this would have to do.

" _Recall_."

Beelzebub appeared in front of me, staring forward unblinkingly, as he always had.

"Heya Beelz, how are ya doing?"

He continued staring forward and spoke in a robotic voice. "I don't have any perception of feeling, but I would describe my body as in perfect condition, despite being your little toy puppet."

Goddamn, this guy is still as vicious as ever. "Ah, right. Hey, could you go upstairs and fetch Phoebe for me? Tell her we're in the Chicken Room."

Beelzebub nodded and walked away, up the stairs and out the door. I hope he doesn't give the other humans a fright. Come to think of it, maybe this was a bad idea...

Hoarhiim interrupted my train of thoughts. "Listen, Hero. When Amelia dies, as a feat for defeating her, according to Umi's rules, you will be granted a new name. Use it at your own peril. She is always watching you."

I turned back to look at Hoarhiim's orb, mounted on the altar. "You're very talkative lately. You don't usually speak this much."

"Yes. I have to be, if my suspicions are correct. Anyway, that doesn't matter. Listen, Hero, when we first met, you told me something important. You said you were from Earth. You were joking at that time, correct?" Hoarhiim seemed to be in a rush to get something out, but I didn't know what.

"Yes, I'm from Earth. It's not a joke. Why do you keep asking that?"

Hoarhiim projected a mental image of a flustered face. "Because it's impossible. Earth is the Original source. It's been dead for millions of years. You can't have possibly come from there."

Any trace of confusion or positive emotion that I may have had, washed away. "W-what? Dead? Surely you mean- and what wait, Source? The source of what?"

Hoarhiim seemed frantic now. "There's no time to explain you fool, if I'm correct then my time will be almost up. Listen, Umi is your enemy. You must find Marie, she is the key to all of this. If you can find Marie, you will have your que-"

Suddenly Hoarhiim's voice stopped. His mental image in my mind froze, almost like a bad video game glitch. I frowned. "Hoarhiim? Hello?"

Suddenly his mental image in my mind... _fizzled_, it made a motion like a VCR tape set to track incorrectly. Lines appeared in the image, and his mouth opened and let a wordless scream escape from it.

I watched in horror as his face dissolved from my mind. "Hoarhiim? HOARHIIM?!"

Phoebe and Beelzebub came walking downstairs at that exact moment. "Master? Why are you shouting like th-"

" **HOARHIIM!!** " I bellowed at the top of my lungs, as the light from his orb slowly faded, and a silvery, lifeless surface formed over it.

Hoarhiim was dead.