Part 355a: False Prophets

Sarah and her entire choir group stared in confusion, halting their singing abruptly right in the middle of a high note.

"An... angel?" One of the boys in the choir blinked twice as he tried to make sense of what he was seeing. Glancing upwards, he and many other people in the audience gawked at the hole in the ceiling. This angel had smashed through the ceiling and slammed onto the stage, rather than appearing with a bright light as Raphael had done on previous occasions. Impacting the stage with his feet and landing without taking any visible damage, his arrival had released a small shockwave that rippled around the room.

Sarah swallowed silently as she clenched and loosened her hands. She moved her eyes to where her mother would usually stand in the audience, but she wasn't here today. She was working, as she always did. Sarah silently wondered to herself what her mother would think of this sudden angelic appearance.

"My friends! I have returned, from beyond the grave!"

The angel's voice boomed around the massive auditorium, defying how a single voice should sound without the aid of microphones and speakers. Moreover, Sarah recognized the iconic voice almost immediately.

"Father Clarence...?" She barely spoke his name, letting it trickle out in a whisper. He stood only a couple dozen feet in front of the choir, his back to them.

_If Father Clarence is here, and he's an angel now... then... that must mean..._

"It has been a month since the false god slayed me on stage, right before your eyes! The one who calls himself Raphael, an archangel of the highest order... he is a FAKE!"

Clarence's voice sounded much deeper than usual, and seemed to push aside a cloudy feeling in the minds of many in the audience as they gawked at him in confusion. _How can he be standing here?_ Their expressions seemed to ask the question non-verbally.

"I was murdered in front of everyone here! Ask yourselves, my friends... what righteous god do we follow? Would the God of the new testament allow one of his angels to smite a prophet in front of his believers? Would the God of the Holy Bible allow such a brutal murder in front of the flock which he leads? No! God is just! God is righteous!"

Clarence spread his wings outwards and beckoned to them proudly. "Look! See how he has blessed me! For my services in spreading his word, I was granted the immortal body of an angel, and sent forth to warn his loyal sheep of the treachery that has been committed in his name!"

As Clarence gesticulated with his hands, Sarah felt worry enter her mind. _Treachery? What is he talking about? Does he mean the archangel?_

"Remember that day, a month ago, my friends! Remember that I spoke of my failures in life... I am a sinner. I... I am a sinner." Clarence bowed his head for a moment and Sarah felt her lip trembling, as if she was fighting back tears all of a sudden, just the same as he must be doing. She wiped at her eyes and wondered for a moment where the strong emotional shift had come from.

"I... I am a sinner. Yet, God recognized the righteousness in my heart! The false angel who struck me down did not wish for my message to be heard, but you shall hear it now. The angels are using humanity! They are controlled by the demons, and never lift a finger to help us except when it makes them look good! Think, for a moment... think back to when we first saw the angels. They arrived all at once on a field of battle, and killed many Volgrim. But ask yourselves this... have you ever seen an angel kill a demon?"

Sarah raised an eyebrow at his question. _What does he mean by that? Is he saying angels don't kill demons? I mean, come to think of it... I never have seen that happen..._

"The answer is no!" Clarence spread his arms out dramatically as he bellowed at the crowd. "All the angels are corrupt! They're using the followers of Christ to further their own greedy ambitions! Listen, I am not a perfect man... but my heart is in the right place. I opened up my body to the power of Christ, and he has compelled me to act!" Clarence leaned towards the crowd and several of them leaned forwards in return, eager to hear what he had to say next. This was what they had been waiting for. Without Clarence, they had lost their way over the last month.

_Clarence isn't lying. He has seen the face of god and been rewarded. It... makes sense._

Sarah felt her posture become melancholic as she listened to him. If what he was saying was correct... then going to Church meant nothing. They were worshiping false gods... giving their praise to liars and con artists.

As if to answer her thoughts, Clarence spoke quietly. "However... it doesn't have to be this way. There is another, one last angel who serves the One True God... she is the one spoken of in your bibles... the mother of Jesus Christ himself! I'm talking, of course, about Saint Marie. She gave birth to the son of god, and as such she is linked to the one true god through a sort of blood union. Behold!" Clarence procured an image from his coat and held it up for the audience to see.

A faded painting of an angelic woman was projected onto the screen behind him, as one of the ceiling cameras zoomed in to give everyone a better view. Sarah glanced behind herself up at the massive viewscreen and gaped at the beautiful woman on the screen. She looked young and fresh, as if she was an expectant mother. The painting was almost sepia-colored and looked very old.

Still, Sarah felt a nagging feeling in the back of her mind. _Did he say 'Marie'? Wasn't Jesus' mother name 'Mary'? It's a small thing, maybe it's just how he says it. Then again, she was originally a Hebrew so maybe this is her real name..._

Sarah didn't quite feel convinced, but still Clarence continued. "Saint Marie is the key! She is the only angel in Heaven that can stand up to the archangels! They have hidden her son away and used their combined power to seal away the Creator, the one true God in Heaven! Please, I beg of all the people in this room, you must stop praying to the false archangels and their false gods, and begin praying to the one angel who can save us! Only true faith will save you from the sins of blasphemy and ignoring the plight of our Creator!"

Clarence fell to his knees, as tears began to stream down his face. His sincerity made several people in the room also begin to cry. "If the traitor archangels have their way, we will perish at the hands of the demons! Don't let them take the souls of your children, and your children's children! You have to fight them! You can't give in! I am here to-"

Before Clarence could finish, a bright flash of light exploded above the roof of the church, blinding everyone and making them shield their eyes as they looked away. A moment later, they looked back up and gasped audibly.

A beautiful woman, an angel who surely was the one Clarence spoke of, floated downwards gently, landing beside Clarence on the stage. She was dressed modestly, yet her face shone like the mid-day sun. Sarah began to almost feel a longing inside of herself, despite the fact the angel was a woman.

"It is... as Clarence has said." The woman's voice was soft, almost demure. "I am Saint Marie. Clarence gained a secret power from the Creator himself and freed me from the shackles that the archangels bound me in. I have come today to implore you... give me your strength... we can fight the imposters, but only if we work together. I am... just a woman after all."

Her soft eyes blinked slowly as she glanced around the audience. Several men who met her gaze took a step back in awe, even as their wives shot them dirty looks.

"YEAH!" The audience roared with delight as they raised their bibles high. Despite being unprompted, their energy was infectious. Even the choir group pumped their fists up, and Sarah felt compelled to follow them.

"I thank you. When we have ousted those who stabbed my son Jesus in the back from Heaven... truly... everyone here will get what is coming to them. You have my thanks."

The audience screamed happily as Sarah found herself grinning from ear to ear. _This is it... this explains why we can't kill those demons! They're being helped by traitor angels! We have to help Father Clarence!_

As the audience whooped and hollered, Clarence and Marie met each other's eyes, both of them nodding imperceptibly to each other.

The ploy had worked... for now.

.......................................................................

Sarah slowly walked out of the Church, a couple hours later, her legs feeling like lead. Her wrist communicator blinked slowly as a new message indicator appeared on its screen, tapping it, she nodded as she read the message. _On my way, sweetie, be there in fifteen minutes! Hope you had a great day at recital! You go, girl!!_

Sarah smiled weakly as she tried to digest what had happened. Father Clarence had appeared back from the dead, he had revealed the angels were traitors to humanity... and now she had a mission to pray to Saint Marie tonight.

She closed off the communicator with a tap as she stared ahead absentmindedly at the front gate. An air-bus flew down from the sky and hovered up front, landing slowly on the ground as people entered it to leave and be flown to their homes around town. _Good to see they're using public transport and helping the environment._ Sarah scratched her chin as the bus left.

Looking around absentmindedly, she walked over and sat on a bench, noting with disinterest that an old man was sitting on it as well. As she sat down, he spoke up almost immediately, making her cringe. _Oh great, a chatty Cathy._

"Hey, how ya doin' young missy?"

She carefully glanced over at him, noting his disheveled hair and the stains on his brown coat. He looked like a vagabond. _Damn. I shouldn't have sat here so casually. Now it'll be awkward if I get up and walk away._

"I'm fine, I guess." She kept her tone neutral as she glanced away, trying to put off a vibe of polite disinterest.

The old idiot didn't seem to get the picture. "You're a real cutie! Say, do you go to this here church too?" He had a real pep in his voice and when she looked back at him, she couldn't help but stare at his nasty browned teeth.

"Yeah. I'm in the choir."

"Oh wow, so you must've been right behind them angels when they appeared, eh? Father Clarence, back from the dead! Ain't that a sight ta' see?"

"Mhm. It was really something." Sarah turned away again but she could feel him staring at her expectantly, waiting for her to continue the conversation, and it was making her feel weird. "Uh, I'm not sure though... the whole thing just felt... off."

"Mmm. Mmm. You noticed it too, then, eh?" The old man's smile faded somewhat as his voice dropped in tone. "Them angels sure seemed fishy to me. Seemed like Father Clarence wasn't quite bein' honest with us, if I do say so myself."

Despite her misgivings towards the old man, Sarah found her curiosity piqued. "Not being honest? What do you mean?"

"Oh, you know... old fart like me. I've seen enough people ta' know when they're fibbin'! I ain't sure how big a lie he was tellin', but the truth it wasn't! Ya gotta take what ya hear with a grain of salt, otherwise folks'll bamboozle ya when ya least expect it. Ya know what I mean?"

Sarah stared at him silently for a few moments. In truth, she wasn't a good liar. She had never really needed to lie about anything. Knowing this, she probably wasn't very good at detecting lies either...

_Jeez, if only mom had been here and seen it live... she might know what's right and what's wrong about this._

"What lie did they tell? Any ideas?"

The old man leaned back in the bench, sighed as he stared somewhat up into the cloudy sky above. "Ain't sure, kid. I done been around a long time, seen a lot o' things... opportunists always come out of the woodwork eventually, lookin' to profit in one way or another. Ya just can't trust anyone these days."

"So you're saying I shouldn't trust anybody at all? Seems lonely."

"Oh, come on, girl." The old man snickered, despite his somewhat muted tone. "You know that ain't what I meant. You're a pretty young thing, got yer whole life ahead of you... but I see it coming. Gotta watch out."

Sarah smiled lopsidedly as imagined question marks appeared above her head. This guy was full of riddles. "You see... what coming?"

His smile faded away and for once he seemed totally serious. "The end times. This was prophesied, ya know. The Bible warns us that the apocalypse will come. Nobody really believes that, though. They come to church just 'cause they want to compare clothes... too vapid to see the truth."

Sarah nodded hesitantly as she felt herself wanting to shrink away from him. _Great. He's a crazy hobo. I knew this conversation was a bad idea._

She didn't get to respond. Her mother zipped up and spotted her daughter, beckoning to her from the car. As Sarah stood up, she waved politely to the old man. "Um, nice talking to you sir. I'm, uh, Sarah! Have a good day!"

_Damnit, why'd I tell him my name? God, I hope he doesn't turn out to be a stalker or something._ Sarah felt her face turn white at the thought.

The old man stopped brooding and smiled back at her pleasantly. "Oh, that must be your parents then. Have a nice day, cutie, be seeing you 'round!"

"Right... sure thing." Sarah smiled uncomfortably as she quickly dashed over to the car and yanked open the door, turning to stare at her mother as she sat down in her seat and breathed carefully.

"Mom. You will not believe what happened today."
