Part 246a:

"Why are these primitives so resilient? We nullified their railgun attacks and yet they're still shredding us to pieces. How are they doing it?" Founder Dosena scowled at the display as another ship came under a barrage of fire and fell to pieces in a blaze of fire.

"2,500 of our ships are left, and the enemy just seems to keep on coming. We're reading zero life signs aboard each of these new ships, too." Elder Nufaris shifted his feet with irritation. "If I didn't know any better, I'd say these ships were being flown by automated pilots. In other words, they're automated drones."

"Where are they coming from? The humans only had ten orbital cycles to rebuild after we tore apart ninety percent of their forces. There's no reason they should be able to continue releasing all of these drones." Dosena gnashed her teeth as she glared at the tactical display.

"Their forces are coming from one of their capital-class battleships. But the thing is, we actually destroyed the ship they were sprouting from. Once we did that, another ship started releasing them. And when we destroyed _that_ ship, yet another ship started doing it. It's like... they have some sort of mobile cloning base that moves from ship to ship." Nufaris threw his hands up in exasperation. "At this rate, we'll lose before their planet completes one full rotation. We need to retreat to a safe place a few lightyears from here, repair, and hit them again."

Dosena's scowl grew even deeper. "I am one of the five Founders, and I will not allow myself to be humiliated by a planet of unevolved lifeforms." She started to say something else, but at that instant, her psychic consciousness detected _something_. It appeared out of nowhere, sprouting from what felt like a hole in space itself, appearing directly on the bridge of her flagship. Just as she took notice of it, the ship's announcement system sounded an alarm.

"RED ALERT. HOSTILE NON-VOLGARIAN LIFE FORM DETECTED ON BOARD THE BRIDGE. ALL BRIDGE HANDS TO THE DEFENSE OF THE FOUNDER AT ONCE. RED ALERT."

Dosena spun around almost a full second before Nufaris had finished hearing the alert. She turned and saw... a _thing_ on the bridge. The shape resembled both human and Volgrim alike, yet neither at once. It was wholly a different species entirely, with blood red skin, standing as tall as herself and Nufaris alike, and it appeared to have two red horns sticking upwards out of its head.

"What is that?!" Dosena aimed her mental psychokinesis abilities at the thing, preparing herself to shatter its mind if it moved an inch.

"That would be inadvisable." The life form spoke, a decidedly masculine voice. "I am not here to make an enemy of your kind."

As he spoke, three Volgrim crewman whipped out their blasters, taking aim at the figure and firing. The white-hot bolts of plasma seemed to ripple off an invisible barrier surrounding the being. Without moving his head to even look at them, Dosena detected a strange energy moving around on his body, as the energy whipped out in three directions at once, grabbing each of the crewman and lifting them up in the air, before smashing them on the ground with bone-shattering force. Their bodies immediately went limp as their life left them.

"Nobody ever listens to a demon when he gives them a polite warning. Such bad manners." The 'man', as it were, eyed the two leaders of the Volgrim with curiosity. "I suppose the two of you are the ones who lead this force against Earth, hmm?"

Dosena paused as she noted the stranger was speaking fluent Volgarian, an oddity as these primitives not only lacked a universal translator, but only one of their kind had briefly been in contact with Elder Nufaris. In fact, now that she thought about it, it was rather odd that one had also spoken fluent Volgarian. Something about these primitives...

"I am the second ranked Founder among my people, the second highest ranked of all Volgarians, Dosena. Speak your name, _visitor_." She put a couple drops of poison in her voice just in case. Putting emphasis on 'visitor' showed that she considered him a hostile and not an ally, something he should easily pick up on.

"How grand. I am known as Satan, a member of one of three warring factions on the planet known as Earth. A pleasure to make your acquaintance. And since you happen to be the second highest ranked among your entire species, I presume that means you have the right to handle diplomatic proceedings as well?"

As he spoke, a display showed 4 ships had suddenly been destroyed by an Earthling onslaught. Dosena stifled a grimace. "Yes, I do. Since you just killed three of my crewman, I can only presume this is a hostile takeover of some sort? I'm very curious as to how you did it, as well."

Satan smirked. "Let me be clear, if I were here to destroy your kind, you would all be dead right now. As far as individual power goes, I may just be the most omnipotent being on Earth. Certainly, your kind is no threat to me."

"Is that so." Dosena intentionally phrased her response as a rhetorical question. She didn't buy it, but she did admire the courage he possessed, showing up before an almighty Founder in the middle of a war. "Well then, _Satan_, we're in the middle of a battle, so I'd appreciate it if you kindly made your offer in the fewest words possible."

Nufaris watched the proceedings between Dosena and Satan with dread in his veins. Not one to ever show emotions, he suddenly felt a huge amount of them flowing into his mind. This _Satan_ being, he was not like the primitives at all. He seemed to have majesty and radiance flooding off his body onto the floor around him. As perceptive as Nufaris' senses were, he knew that Dosena must be picking up on it as well. The only reason her unusually emotional presence wasn't shaking in terror was her confidence that a Founder was all but unkillable. Faced with a monster like the one before them, Nufaris lacked that confidence she possessed, realizing that if push came to shove, this one could surely kill every Volgarian on board the ship.

"Very well. To be blunt, I want to ally with your kind. There are three factions on Earth. Humans, whom you are fighting, Angels, whom you have not met, and Demons, of whom I lead. I am the most powerful of the demons, and our numbers are roughly 500 billion. I believe that if we ally with the Volgrim, we can change the course of this war and take over the planet. Once the demons are in power, we will gladly share the Earth with you who seek a new world to live on." Satan calmly walked over to the chair that one of the Volgrim he had killed was now laying lifeless in. With a single stray thought, he tossed the lifeless body off to the side and sat down in the chair, easing himself into it. His complete disregard for his own safety, as well as all the openings he was leaving in his defenses, assured Nufaris that he actually had _no_ openings at all.

"I see. That is quite the offer. However, what guarantee do I have that you are not lying, or that you'll keep your word if we ally and win this war, or that any of this is actually beneficial to me?" Dosena, ever the shrewd negotiator, scrutinized his claims carefully.

"None, I suppose. I'm not asking you to make a decision in the middle of this battle. However, if you should decide to go ahead with it..." Satan reached into his pocket, causing everyone on the bridge to tense up, but they relaxed slightly when he pulled out a purple crystal of some sort. "...give me a call with this." He tossed the crystal lightly at Dosena, who caught it in midair with her telekinesis. As she looked at it, she suddenly felt his presence vanish, and the ship went silent as the alarms, which had been silently activated in the background, finally turned off.

"By the original constructs! Who was that?" Nufaris stared at the crystal hovering in front of Dosena.

"I'm not sure. In the meantime, we've got a battle to fight. If we get down to 500 ships and the humans are still sending bomber drones at us, call a retreat. For now, let's focus fire on their forward flanks."

A gunner commander at the front nodded. "Understood, Founder. I am issuing the orders now."
