Part 452c: Realization

A soft knock at the door. Three light taps, as always. At least she's predictable.

"Yes, you may enter, Rosalia." I finish buttoning up my long-sleeved undershirt just as she enters. Immediately, her eyes are drawn to my body, as expected. Every one of my muscles is chiseled to perfection, every facial hair diligently burned off three times a day, to ensure my face looks the same at all times. Unfortunately, the hair on my head can sometimes grow a little too much before I have it professionally cut, but such is life.

Rosalia's eyes turn away, averting from my unusual clothing. I'd ordinarily be slightly annoyed that someone was seeing me without my full suit on, but it's just the little twerp, after all. Her thoughts are of little consequence to me. The slacks and the undershirt will have to do in the mornings.

"I-I brought your suit, Mister Beelzebub, sir." Rosalia fidgets slightly as a worried look crosses her face. "But, um, please don't get mad or anything... there was a small accident while I was ironing them, and the, um, the iron overheated..."

My eyes narrow instantly. "Show me the damage."

Her hands shake as she carefully hands me my neatly folded jacket and pants. I unfurl the jacket and place the pants on the bed, staring for several moments as I examine yet another one of her mishaps.

"The b-burn isn't too noticeable, I hope..." The female wrings her hands together, even as she waits for me to verbalize my thoughts.

"This jacket is ruined. The second in only two days." Both of my hands clench the jacket's shoulders tightly as I stare at the lightly singed chest. "Do I ask too much of you?"

"No! Of course not, sir! I'm just, very clumsy... I didn't mean to, and I'll buy you a new suit- no, three new suits! You don't have to spend a dime!"

She's referring to human clothing, of course. While the designs for my outfits might be human in origin, the embroidering and stitching for them have always been performed by the most talented tailors among my people. Humans have no hand in making them, and I wouldn't wear such a suit if they did.

"No need. I will simply request another. I suppose I can't leave my room today since you have once more doomed me to wearing peasant clothes. I'd sooner die than be seen in public wearing such rags, especially if made by humans."

Rosalia bows her head. "You hate the humans that much? I mean, it's just clothing..."

"All things in life matter. If you hated humans a tenth as much as the average demon, let alone myself, you would understand. It's all about the principle. The failure of Diablo to crush the humans, and his subsequent fall at the fists of the human-loving Belial are proof that he is unfit to lead demonkind. Diablo considered the humans insignificant and thought it might be okay to ignore the vermin crawling out from under the rocks. He received a small punishment compared to his crime."

The younger demon looks at me in confusion. "Belial was the one who wounded Diablo? Where did you hear that?"

I resist rolling my eyes. "Obviously I have many sources. In any case, the fact that a human-lover was the one to give him the beating he deserved doesn't sit well with me. Belial is traveling to a tribunal where she will be forced to atone for her betrayal of the demons, but Diablo and Bael are out of commission. I suppose it will fall upon Mephisto's shoulders to lead the war effort... unless the First comes out of hiding."

"The First Emperor?!" Rosalia's eyes widen in awe. "B-but, he's never revealed himself! He could win the war all by himself if he wanted!"

"Possibly." I keep my voice neutral as I mull over the thought. "With his Second in command allying with a powerful angel and a human... the future has yet to be written. I often wonder if the First Emperor is the powerhouse everyone thinks him to be."

Rosalia scoffs, despite her lack of knowledge. "Of course he's unthinkably strong! If he can be at the top of the demons, he's practically a god compared to the humans!"

"I thought you liked the humans?" I raise an eyebrow at my younger peer. "It sounds like your allegiances are more blurred than you think."

She runs her finger across the hem of the pants lying on my bed. "It's not that I'm loyal to the humans or anything, I just think they're fairer. Humans help the weak, and they don't leave them to die, as the demons do. Don't you think that's a more compassionate way to treat others?"

It takes a mighty effort for me not to lose my composure and laugh in her face. "Compassion is a sign of weakness. You may choose to hug the enemy trying to impale you, but it will only lead to a skewered stomach. Demons breed strength, humans foster frailty. That is why demons rule the galaxy, while humans struggle to crawl out from under our thumb. They are inferior."

Rosalia's expression turns indignant. "But didn't humans hold all the power at one time? Demons were hiding in the shadows!"

"We turned the tides of war and defeated them. It was simple."

Her expression shifts again, this time to a frown. "They grew lax, considered us a non-threat, and we crushed them! That means the same could happen for them toward us now!"

Before I can offer a retort, I suddenly realize her words have a certain wisdom to them. This sudden realization fills me with many emotions and thoughts at once. "Hmm. Perhaps you are right. Diablo underestimated them, and it nearly cost him his life. The humans offer honeyed words, and a weapon impossible to defend against. Their ideas cannot be snuffed out by merely killing them, and may indeed grow strong enough to turn more demons to their side. Indeed, Belial and yourself are proof of that."

Silently, I turn away to look out my window at the human city beyond, where a sun shines down and warms its streets. A minute passes, as Rosalia's quiet breathing is the only thing audible in the room.

I understand, now. It is not the mechanical weapons of humanity that pose the biggest threat to demonkind, but their ideas and morals. For every demon the humans have killed, three more have spawned in their place. However, the contagion spreading throughout the Labyrinth is not one of death, but of weakness. The demons have yet to realize it, but the humans are infecting us with an illness that must be lanced before it festers into something more sinister.

If a demon fights a human, but doubts for even a second that slaying the human is the right action to take, it will be the last thing that whelp ever does. Worse still is the possibility of the demon laying down his weapons and joining the other side. A few thousand demons have already joined humanity, but what about when their numbers grow to ten thousand? A hundred thousand? Millions? At some point, it will be brother against brother, and we will lose not only the war of ideas but the war of blood as well.

"Mister Beelzebub, sir?" Rosalia's soft, inquisitive voice whispers to me, so I turn back to her.

"That is 'lord' Beelzebub to you, not 'mister.' Are we clear?"

"Y-yes, my lord."

"Excellent." I stare silently at the young demoness before me, evaluating her more carefully than I have in the past. Though drab and dull, without a hint of intelligence resting on the surface, the potential is there for her to become something more. At the least, she has inspired thoughts in my mind that I had never considered before.

Suddenly, a key clicks into place in my mind. A possibility I hadn't considered before.

Perhaps, with the First Emperor's appearance, more things have changed than I first thought.

"I will leave it to you to fetch a new suit for me from the tailor. In the meantime, I will simply have to wear this one today. It seems I have an experiment to perform."

"Huh?" Rosalia looks at me in bewilderment. "You're going to wear the suit anyway?! And what experiment? What do you mean?"

"We shall see. Begone, then, and make sure the next suit you bring me is in proper condition. I won't tolerate another flop from you."

As the young girl nods nervously and scurries out of the room, I snap my fingers to make a small flame appear in my hands.

"I wonder what the results of my little experiment will be?"
