Part 225a

I stared out at the city around me from the top of Lady Liberty's recently rebuilt torch. I was the only person here today, which suited me just fine. In my pure white garb, with my mask plastered across every major news network 24/7, I'd stand out way too much.

When it comes down to it, I really do love peace and quiet. I only live in a busy, loud environment out of necessity. I'm always busy as of late. Always creating something, traveling somewhere, doing something new... I can't remember the last time I kicked my feet up and just had a good time playing on a computer or playing some video games. Considering my memories in the future plus my current memories... it has literally been fifteen years since I just had some fun.

But then again, video games and games in general are for kids. I'm not a kid anymore. I've killed, brutally, with my own hands. And when I think about it, what fun are video games when I can use actual magic? Not just any magic either, but legitimately godlike levels of magic, limited only to a certain finite level that I could raise if I just figured out how to increase my energy cap.

If I were a game character, I would be considered 'broken', as I'm basically unkillable short of a making a stupid mistake.

But beyond all of that... it feels so hollow. I can do anything with my nearly limitless abilities, yet I still feel helpless. I'm a child playing God, and I am not omniscient or all-knowing. I've considered using 'omniscient' as a word to smith with, but I worry about what would happen if I so easily gave up my humanity. If the word was able to give me that kind of limitless knowledge of everything in the universe, would I even still technically exist on the physical plane?

And even if I did, would I care about the pains of my 'fellow human' brethren? When I can witness a star being formed in the deepest parts of the cosmos, what would it matter if a human died somewhere on this tiny speck of a planet? Come to think of it, there are 10 billion humans on Earth right now... if one dies, do I really care? Does it really matter to me at all? Am I even human anymore as I am now? When did I start feeling this way towards my own species?

What... am I now?

These thoughts fill my mind as I stare out the window at the rising sun. Across the vast Atlantic Ocean, far into the distance, the sun has crept into the 7 o'clock position, appearing only slightly above the horizon now. It's a beautiful sight, but not one so captivating that I miss the appearance of another person in the statue's torch.

A man appears, looking regal and brilliant, in his black suit with a red tie. His appearance suggests he is human, but his aura tells him off as a demon. Speaking a single word inside my helmet, I cast a quick spell. " _Identify_."

He doesn't hear it of course, but instantly I know who he is. _Satan_. I didn't expect to see him here so soon. I'm surprised that he doesn't have Samantha, or Belial, or Lilia, or whatever she calls herself in this time, hanging onto his arm. I thought she'd be with him.

My mouthpiece slides open silently as I continue staring out the window. I didn't sense him coming with my Spatial Vision, but rather with the sensors in my helmet and the HUD that shows me everything in a range around me.

"Satan. A pleasure to see you."

Satan's right eye glimmers slightly as he casually walks up behind me. "Interesting. I don't believe we've met before, yet you know exactly who I am, _Judicator_. Perhaps you weren't lying when you said you were a time traveler, hmm?"

Satan strolls right up to the window and stares out of it, not deigning to look me in the face. I return the slight. "Indeed. In fact, you and I fought in the future. You won."

Satan grins slightly, then stifles it. "As I would expect. A hundred million years, hmm? It appears my fears about my reign's longevity were overplayed."

I decide not to mention the circumstances in which we fought, or his actual defeat long before him and I squared off. "Indeed. Despite the fact that we once battled, I hold no hard feelings towards you. I would call you, in fact, a rival of sorts. Not an enemy, or an ally."

Satan nodded almost imperceptibly. "Very good. I imagine you won't go into details, but what is life like in the year 'one hundred million', hmm? I find my curiosity unquenchable in matters such as this."

Hmm. I pause for the slightest moment as I consider my options. If I tell him too much, it would definitely be very bad. If I tell him nothing, he will likely be offended, which I would prefer to avoid. And of the little I do tell him, I don't want him to know the demons win the war, along with the Volgrim. Better he believe that all species on Earth lost.

"I come from a terrible time. Humanity is enslaved, the angels and gods are all dead, and the demons serve a bitter power structure under the Volgrim. The demons have to fight and kill each other in vicious battles in order to be given enough to eat, so they might as well be enslaved too."

Satan's eyes flick over to me and then back out to look over the ocean. "Hmm. I can't tell if you're lying, but I find it odd that you somehow had the ability to travel through time, and you chose this time period to arrive at."

I catch myself before I shrug or make some other physical motion. "I wanted to arrive before the Volgrim did, and I needed to make an appearance that would prove I wasn't lying as quickly as possible, yet still giving myself time to build an army to face the Volgrim if things went south."

Satan closed his eyes for a moment. "I see. You seem unsurprised to see me. I suppose you expected to run into me here? Was this within your... predictions?"

"I knew you were in this city. I was going to go find you, but you saved me the trouble."

Satan turned from the window as he opened his eyes, and he slowly walked around the perimeter of the torch, staring out at the city all around us. "The demons are an interesting race. We started out strong, powerful, easily able to kill humans indiscriminately as we pleased. As time went on, humans gained the ability to work in tandem with the angels and gods, occasionally stalemating our forces."

Satan glanced at me for a moment as he paced the room, then looked away. "Interestingly, humans eventually gained a new type of warrior, called the Hero. From then on, we no longer stalemated. Only the most powerful demons would usually survive an average fight with a human army, especially one led by a Hero. Given time, humans no longer even needed heroes to defeat us in battle."

Satan smiled as he stopped and turned out again to look out a window, now standing on my opposite side from where he had started. "But demons are remarkably adaptable. We simply accepted that we could no longer stand on equal footing with humanity, and sank into the shadows. Now we wield incredible influence and power over the average human, thanks to controlling them from the top down through secret societies and backdoor dealings with human leaders."

I nodded thoughtfully. "I see. It confirms many suspicions I had about the politics of these modern times."

"Of course! And it is also the main reason why I find it laughable that the humanity you describe in the future, you described them as 'enslaved'. They already are now! Even if the master changes, the whip stays the same. Do you actually hope to change anything by going back in time? Do you hope to redeem your kind? What, I ask, is your end goal?"

I pause, laughing silently to myself, deep in my heart. In truth, I have no goal. Arriving here, being here right now... it was an accident. I'm just trying to make the most of it. Still, in order to make the most of it, I'll do what I must. "My goal... is to unite the three species along with the Volgrim. If they are a possible ally, I would not turn them away. Should that fail, I will attempt to ally the three kinds of beings on this Earth against the Volgrim, in order to eliminate them."

Satan let a small sneer slip through his expression. "You're clearly still an idealistic young whelp. The bad blood between angels and demons is irreparable. We may not fight anymore, but that is only because we've stalemated. I figured it out, long ago. The angels need humanity to give them prayer-based thought energy. They need us to foment tension among the various human factions so that humans don't ever wipe out the demons, lest they turn on the angels. We need neither humans nor angels, but we lack the ability to kill one or both outright. Luckily, it's in the angel's best interests to keep us alive, or they might have set the humans upon us already."

Satan gritted his teeth as he closed his eyes again. "Truthfully, I don't hate humans anymore, nor do I hate angels or gods. I don't hate any of them... but they've killed so many of my kind... I still want to see them all burned and defeated, if only for a sense of petty justice."

I nodded quietly. "I understand. Sama- I mean, a friend of mine has told me of the pain the demons felt and how they hate the humans and angels. I probably am still naive. But I hope to change things, nevertheless. Satan, if there is a drop of forgiveness in your heart somewhere, I would ask you to look it over at least once more. Not for my people, not for the angels, but for your own kind. A war is coming... and I hope you are fighting alongside the forces of good, whether you agree with the concept or not."

Satan smirked. "Good, huh? Piousness, virtue, evil, hate... all just words to ascribe to various petty actions. There is neither good nor evil in this reality." Satan turned to me pointedly as he spoke. "And as for you, _Judicator_, I'd advise you watch your back. You may think the angels and gods are your friends, but you will regret giving them your full trust. They have committed many atrocities in the name of 'good vs evil', and only a fool would turn his back in their presence. I may be 'evil', but at least you know what you're getting when you deal with my kind."

Satan slowly turned and made his way to the opposite side of the room from me. "I will consider your offer, human. Expect nothing, however. It's not a matter of trust, nor a matter of liking or disliking your species. I simply refuse to accept any offer that might disadvantage my people, and that will never change. It's why I am the most feared and respected among demonkind."

I smile slightly. "Thank you, Satan. You're certainly different from how you were in the future. I hope whatever made you change in that hellish future doesn't occur in this timeline. I much more prefer you as you are now."

Satan sneered. "Idiot. If you knew an inkling of how terrifying I truly am, you'd instantly regret saying those pretty words."

Without a further word, Satan quickly waved his hands around, and a moment later, he vanished from my sight.

Satan... such an interesting demon. I find myself wondering how he rose to power, so long ago.

I turn back towards the rising sun and smile as I feel its warmth beat down upon me. Nothing ever works out for me, and this will surely backfire. But still... I no longer regret anything. It's too late for regrets... far too late.