Part 078: Regret

I don't know why I didn't stop them. It would have been easy. A single movement would have saved their lives.

Perhaps I wanted, deep down in my heart, to see if it was true. Amelia wasn't a monster... they had to be lying. Yes, she had a demonic aura around her, and she had said some odd things, but would a monster save my life twice? There must have been a misunderstanding.

Her power and speed had greatly increased since the last time I saw her. She had definitely done something to increase her power. Ingesting souls was as likely a reason as any.

Either way, I just watched as Peter and Todoro rushed to their deaths.

"Oh? The snacks are desperate to hop into my little chompers!" I lurched back in horror as her mouth unhinged and her entire head expanded to the size of a large cat, and she chomped them down in the blink of an eye. Even Todoro, one who I had thought was fast, was eaten in an instant. And within seconds, her head was back to normal.

I watched two good men die, and I felt no emotions about their deaths. Only a feeling of betrayal. A feeling that was caused by Amelia's lies. Well, not lies. She never told me she was a good girl. I just wanted to believe it.

"Amelia..." I choked back tears as the memories of her monstrous appearance came flooding into my mind. "Why did you... save me... you saved my life... why? If this is what you are, then..."

Amelia stood there, licking blood off her face with a freakishly long tongue I had never expected to see. "Umm... let's see! Why did I do it again? Gosh! I can't remember!"

Blaarjiim spoke. " **As I recall, my lady, you told me in private that you thought he would make for a good fight someday. That was it, really.** "

I stared at the girl in front of me. She was back to normal now. No weird tongue. No giant demonic head. This girl... she saved my life, only so that we could someday fight. She really is... monstrous.

"Very well." I said, hardening my expression. "If a fight is what you want, a fight is what you'll get. I released you from that prison... I will put you back inside it."

I aimed my hand at her, and started to speak, but she dodged out of the way and appeared behind me. "Too slow! Teehee!"

"No." I said flatly. "You are too slow."

With a single kick, I smashed my foot into her stomach and sent her flying behind me into the ruins of the castle. Quickly whipping around, I aimed my gaze at her.

**"Die!"**
