Part 407b

At the back corner of my cell, there's an annoying dripping sound that makes it hard to sleep. The puddle of water that's formed under the metal pipe above makes an audible 'plop' noise whenever a drop of water falls off it.

I roll around a little on my blanket and sigh quietly to myself, then notice my cellmate opposite me has yet to go to sleep. We've been here for five hours, and she hasn't said a word to me. Obviously, I haven't said anything to her yet either.

I gaze at her silently as she spaces out at the floor, and finally, she raises her eyes to meet mine. "What? Why are you staring at me?"

I don't respond, and this quickly annoys her. "You don't talk much, do you?"

My head shake is the only response I can give. Her hard glare relaxes a bit, and she exhales through her nose in response. "Sorry, I don't mean to be a bitch. I shouldn't have been put here, honestly. I didn't even commit a crime. I just caught some of the other girls in my office engaging in illegal food trading. When I reported them, I found out my boss was involved, and it went up even higher than that. By the time I realized my mistake, they'd already framed me for murder."

Her life story condensed into a few sentences. Can't say I wanted to hear it, but if we're going to share a cell, we might as well get to know each other...

Since I don't respond, there's a long awkward silence, and I almost start to think that was the end of her outburst. Instead, she speaks up again. "Are you... mute?"

I nod. "The Warden said you killed Admiral Danis. Is that true?" When I nod again, she sighs heavily. "I always respected the Admiral. One of the reasons I reported my coworkers was because I thought it would be the right thing to do. Danis was a person who was tough on criminals... so if you murdered him, doesn't that make you a terrible person? An enemy of the law?"

My gut tells me to shake my head... but maybe she's right. Danis was a corrupt man, but I didn't have to kill him. Maybe I could have put him in Prison for what he did. Master explained to me what the Law was on our trip to Earth, along with many other things, but I never stopped to think that killing Danis made me a vile murderer, just as he was.

But if Danis was in charge of the prisons, then why would he have himself arrested?

Yeah... that's right. It would have been pointless trying to put him in prison. He has too many friends on the inside.

"No answer to that one, huh? It looks like even you haven't decided yet." She shifts around a little bit and glances at the cell bars. "I can't believe they put us in an electrified cell. But when that guard punched you, you didn't even flinch! I guess they're a little scared. You don't look like much, but you've got quite the bite. They don't want you acting out."

As if the winds of change heard her speak, two guards appear outside the cell and glare viciously at me, ignoring my cellmate entirely. "Prisoner 84721! You've got work duty today! It's just your luck; the other prisoners are _dying_ to meet their new friend! And oh boy do we have the perfect job for you!"

I roll and flip out of bed smoothly, landing in an upright position and jumping to my feet, all in a single second. When I eyeball the guards, their smiles are gone. "Quite the agile kitten, aren't you? That's wonderful. Now we know you can handle it."

The lead guard waves his hand, and the blue color of the cell bars fades away. His companion aims a gun at me, and I raise my hands to show no resistance. I don't know how effective that gun is, but Master told me that their weapons could be too much for me to surpass unless I practice against them. We never got that far, due to my arrest.

The lead guard steps in and slinks around behind me, and when he attaches the collar, I can feel his hands trembling slightly. The moment it's fastened though, he breathes a sigh of relief. The collar activates, and I feel a familiar stinging sensation, but it doesn't feel as bad as it did before.

He walks back in front of me, and I resist an urge to roll my eyes. He must think the collar makes me docile and unable to fight back. "Let's get moving! The reconditioners aren't going to clean themselves!"

He leads me out of the cell, and as we walk away, I turn back and spot three other guards entering the cell. "Your friend is new, so she gets her own job to do. I hope she can handle it with the grace you're showing right now."

I feel apprehensive, but there's nothing I can do. I hope the other prisoners don't hurt her, but she has to be able to fend for herself. It's like Master always says, _pain makes you more willing to change yourself and the way you live._

...

Minutes pass, and we arrive at a vast array of machines. Every other prisoner in this area is male, and all of them turn to look at me as we enter. The guards pretend not to notice, but I almost feel like they're parading me through to show off the new wares. I try to stand up a little straighter, but a buried feeling of obedience returns and I end up lowering my head meekly. This is my life now; I just have to accept it.

The guards walk up to a grate on the wall where a particularly stinky stench wafts out. "The food here in this prison is only 5% reconditioned, and the other 95% comes from our waste! We've had a hell of a clog for the last three weeks, and you get to be the lucky new inmate to reopen the canal! I hope that strength the Warden spoke of is real, or you'll be digging with your hands for a long time!"

A couple of prisoners nearby gaze over and chuckle. "Making a cute little girl clean the pipes, you guys should give her to us for a night."

"You haven't earned that privilege, Zonnis. Get back to work!"

Huh? Privilege? Is that what's going on here? Well, it turns out men are the same everywhere I go. I shouldn't be shocked.

The guard presses a button, and the grate slides over. A different guard hands me a flashlight. "Don't drop this in the muck, or you'll never be able to find your way out. Ha!"

I climb in quickly, my short body only having to duck down somewhat to get in. The men would have a harder time, and would probably have to crawl on their knees.

I stare at the flashlight for several long seconds before noticing a button. When I press it, light beams out. This would have been useful many times in Yama's domain... oh well.

I slowly walk forward, the stench from further down the pipe making my lips twitch. So far it's nothing but metal on all sides in a circular formation, and when I tap the walls, they sound sturdy, as if the pipe was cut directly into the wall.

Not twenty seconds later, I arrive at a ladder that leads down into a hole in the ground. The sound of rolling liquid below me, mixed with an even stronger stench makes my stomach curl up. I shine my light down into the hole and spot ankle-deep brown gunk flowing in one direction at a decent speed.

It looks disgusting, but apparently, there's something clogged in there, and I have to unclog it. This isn't that bad, though. It's nothing compared to what the demons have made me do.

I skip the ladder and hop into the hole feet-first, using a free hand to grab the ledge as I fall in, slowing my descent slightly. I land in the glop below, and it splashes up, getting all over my orange prisoner uniform. It's like I'm wading through a river of thick blood. I shine my flashlight in front of and behind myself, then decide to wade upstream. The thought that by unclogging this, I'll have it come up even higher to my waist or worse makes me feel ill, but this is just what has to be done.

Not even a minute later, I arrive at the source of the clog. It wasn't far at all. A massive wall of feces has hardened and is blocking a grate, having covered all but the bottom of it. The steel bars that crisscross left-to-right and up-and-down have every hole blocked solid except for the ones at the bottom. Once I unclog this, I'm probably going to be swept away by the current.

I turn back and shine my light at the ladder. It's back down the way I came, but the current is probably going to drag me to it. If I grab it, I can pull myself up, but if I miss...

A shiver runs down my back. If I get swept away, I might drown in feces. What an awful way to go! I'll just have to be extra careful.

My body steels itself as I take a wide stance, spreading my feet out. I lunge forward with a fist and pound the grate with one thrust, and the walls shudder under the force of the blow. Clumps of the hardened matter drop off all over, and immediately gouts of feces blast out from the pressure behind the wall. Still, a lot of it is still left, so I ready myself again and smash directly on the center once more. This time, huge portions break off, and the new stench dwarfs the old one in scope.

Readying myself one more time, I hold firm against the waist-high torrent washing past me, and pound the grate with a final, decisive strike. The grate shatters and the metal blasts outwards, several pieces battering me in the process and knocking me off my feet. I drop the flashlight into the muck and panic, but as the river of brown sucks me down the channel in total darkness, I jerk my hand out just in time to grab the ladder.

Holding on for dear life, my vice-like grip almost crushes the worn-out steel in my hand, and I use all of my strength to fight the current, all while holding my breath, just in case I get sucked into the liquid below. My other hand reaches out, flails in the darkness, and finds the other side of the ladder. One rung at a time, I pull myself up in pitch blackness until finally, my body has escaped the shit creek.

I continue climbing the ladder until the feeling of the narrow crawl-way opens up into a wider space. I flop on the hard, reassuring steel, and sigh with relief. _I made it_. I crawl down the hallway towards the pinprick of light at the end, smiling as it gets bigger and bigger. Finally, I pull myself up into a bowed standing position and walk the rest of the way in silence. When I arrive at the end, the guards hear my footsteps and turn to face me.

"You survived? You weren't even in there for twenty minutes, yet you're already done! Now we can finally return to normal reconditioning speed! You've earned a reward for such hard work."

The lead guardsman smiles at me innocently, but something tells me it's a reward I won't like.

It doesn't take long for me to find out. They guide me to a nasty area stained brown like the pipes in the sewage system. Just as I start wondering what they're going to do, a blast of water pummels me from the side, knocking me off my feet. The water is icy cold, and the frigid temperatures seep through my skin and down to the bone. I can't get back up as the blast bashes me against a wall and won't let up. All I can do is hold my arms up to shield my face.

Laughter can be heard as the guards screech to themselves at the sight of a helpless girl being thrown against a wall, and a painful minute later, the water stops and I sag down to the floor, gasping for breath.

"Haha! That was hilarious! Now you're nice and clean!"

The head guard bursts out laughing again and smacks his knee, as do the other men. Their laughter makes me curl up in fear and anger, and I wipe away tears. These men... all they do is lord their fake power over others. All they have are numbers! They don't even know what it means to be truly powerful, not like Master! He could tear them to pieces without lifting a finger! Master is the strongest man in the universe! Even Yama couldn't stand up to him!

My tears slow down, even as their laughter increases. They love seeing me in pain. But... Master told me something once.

_When others attack you in a group, it means they are cowards. They lack the ability to fight you one-on-one. It is these people who are the weakest of all._

I wipe my tears away and pull myself back up to a standing position, then quickly sweep my eyes across the crowd of jeering men. Twelve guards in total, and one of them is holding a long tube of some sort with a hole at the end, and he's aiming it at me! He must be the one who was blasting me with the water.

He stops laughing for a moment and adjusts the tube's angle slightly. "What? Want some more?! Have a drink!"

The water blasts out again, but this time I expect it. It shoves me back against the wall, and the men start laughing again, but now I'm angry. I'm _really_ wrathful. I've had enough of pathetic, pissants like these thinking they're better than me! Master wouldn't want me to take this sitting down! He'd expect me to fight with all I've got!

I shove my foot against the wall and use my strength to leap forwards, jumping two-dozen feet instantly as if the water wasn't there anymore. My hand reaches out and grabs the tube-holder by the neck, flicking him lightly with a quick wrist movement and sending him smashing into a wall. The tube starts spinning out of control and flailing around everywhere, water going in every direction. The metal end of it crashes into another guard's head, knocking him out instantly.

The laughter finally stops, and for once, I spot a familiar look in their eyes. _Fear_. By the time my feet are about to touch the ground, I've already pivoted in midair and coiled up for another jump dash. My foot smashes the ground with the force of an anvil, and I jump at the head guard. His expression is that of panic, and a moment later I slap him with the might of a battering ram, snapping his neck instantly and hurling him to the side like a child's doll.

Master trained me to kill. These men are vile humans. If anyone should die, it's them.

The others fall quickly, and I kill the rest of them with simple ease. This room is off the beaten path, and despite my ferocity, I didn't make a lot of noise. Even so, other guards will probably show up soon.

Just as I am about to punch the head off the last guard, a horrific pain erupts at the base of my skull, and I yelp in pain and fall to the ground. That goddamn collar!

"You crazy demon! Lucky that collar has several settings! Stay down, and I won't set it to lethal!"

The last guard holds his hand over a wrist gadget I hadn't seen earlier. It must be what controls the collar!

I try to stand up, but an even more painful shock erupts through my body, making my arms and legs flop around out of my control. "That was a level 7 shock! How can you still move?!"

I gnash my teeth as more tears squeeze out. _I won't let this man control me! I won't!_

I reach up and grab the collar, then yank with all my might. The steel holds firm for all of two seconds before buckling and caving, and finally ripping off my neck entirely. I jump to my feet and hurl it at his stomach with the rage of a demon who yearns for blood. The man's midsection vanishes as the metal object plows through and embeds itself into the wall behind him.

Wordlessly, his mouth moves a few times, then he falls over, dead.

I breathe long and hard for a full minute before regaining control. I need to get out of here. I don't know if Master is coming for me or not, but even if he is, I need to be proactive.

The walls blur by as I dash out into the main cell block. The far walls stretch out several hundred feet away, and I'm a dozen levels above the ground floor. To get to my cell, I'd have to run all the way around the entire block, but from where I'm standing now, it's a straight jump across the cavern below, and down one level.

_I'll jump it, then._

Simple solutions. Master would be proud. I jam my foot into the ground and leap forwards, far faster than I expected. I don't know my power. I don't even hit the level below, but the one above it, plowing through the steel guardrail and into the metal wall behind. I wince in pain, but the pain fades quickly, as have all of my wounds so far. Did Master enhance me with his healing powers too? That would explain many things. He can cut himself with a sword and be healed up moments later.

Getting up, I turn around and hop down to the level below, right in front of two guards who are surprised to see me. Before they can figure out what's going on, I grab both of them and hurl them off the edge and at the ground below with all of my strength. They don't deserve to live anyway.

My cell is only a few blocks up, but already there's a sick feeling in my stomach. The cell bars are locked down, and the blue energy is active, but I can hear the sounds of muffled whimpering and grunting.

Oh, seven hells... I know what's going on.

I arrive at the cell in an instant, and my blood boils. The three guards from earlier are inside. Two of them are holding my cellmate down while the other one keeps punching her in the stomach. "That'll teach the bitch to tell me 'no'! Don't you let her fight back!"

He raises his fist up to hit her bruised and broken body again, but I've seen enough. I quickly grab hold of the electrified bars, and an unbelievable pain shoots through me, but I relent anyway. With all of my might, I yank the bar out, and a huge portion of the steel frame above it comes loose as well. The electricity stops and all three guards jerk their heads up and spot me.

"What the hell?! The other girl!"

One of them reaches down to press a button on his wrist-gadget but pauses. "Her collar is gone!"

_That's right! It's gone, and it was never enough to hold me down anyway!_

"Let her go!" A voice bellows out and I freeze, realizing all of a sudden that the voice... was actually... my own?

My- my voice? I spoke? I yelled out?

I yelled! I can speak! I have to speak! I can't just let others silence me!

"Let her go!" I rip two more bars out with both hands, brandishing them like swords, as Master taught me. The men gasp and reach for their guns, but they aren't nearly fast enough. I bash the nearest one against the wall behind him with sheer brute force, pulverizing his insides into dust. The next one loses his head cleanly, and the final one I grab by the neck.

"You bad! You bad man! You pay!"

My voice is growly, since I've never used it before, but the sound of it makes him piss himself in terror. I snap his neck and drop him down without giving him a second thought.

Only once they're dead can I finally turn to my cellmate.

She's in awful condition. Her body is bruised all over, with welts covering her from head to toe, and her clothes are torn apart in various places. Finally, there are marks cut into her stomach, probably with a knife of some sort. Not deep cuts, as they're meant to write a message. I can't read the letters though.

She hisses out air and tries to open her eyes, but they're black, blue, and swollen shut. I've seen demons that didn't treat their victims like this.

"Luh... Lora? Is... that... you?"

I nod and realize she can't see me, so instead, I kneel down and sit at her side. "Yes. It me."

"Oh... hah... now you talk..." She raises her arm up shakily to clutch her stomach as tears roll down her face. "Are the... guards... gone?"

"Yes. They leave."

"Oh... good."

She didn't see anything, after all. I look to her side against the wall and spot a small device with little sparks shooting off it. Were they hitting her with the energy from the cell bars? Why would they be so cruel?

I grit my teeth as I stare at her body. I can't heal her, and now that I've killed these guards, I need to escape from here. I could take her with me, and then if I find Master I can ask him to heal her... but how am I going to leave? Even if I can escape this place, Master is on a different planet, and I don't know how to fly a ship!

Oh man... I didn't think this through. I just reacted. Master will be angry if he hears about this.

"Kill... me."

The girl whispers two quiet words, and I feel a shudder in my body.

"No... I can't. That bad."

She takes a deep breath and squeaks in pain. "Don't worry. I don't want... to live like this. My life is over. Ten thousand years... of prison. They will hurt me every day. Kill me, Lora. Spare me."

I can't just kill her! If I kill her, then... then...

Maybe I _should_. If I don't, they'll just keep using her for their disgusting pleasures. I can't escape with her, because I can't carry her and fight at the same time.

My thoughts are interrupted as a sharp, shocking pain erupts in my body. I let out a squeal, and a second later I feel several tiny stinging things stab me in the neck. My body loses control. My eyes stop seeing clearly. I fall forward and slump on the ground.

The Warden's voice speaks up in the distance. "She did all this? Prisoner 84721? This is truly something else. I'm impressed."

I shift slightly to look behind me. Warden Scullis sneers as she returns the look. "You killed some of my best men today. But you still lost, in the end. Enjoy your stay in the Cage."

"No... Lora..."

My cellmate's voice speaks out, but I'm too tired to listen. If she wants to die... she'll have to... kill herself.

I can't keep my eyes open anymore.