Part 310a: New World Order

_October 3rd, 2111._

If one listened intently, they might be able to hear the pattering of light footsteps as two cloaked figures rushed through the rain pouring down. Running carefully, they kept an eye out not just for the patrols in the area, but puddles before them as well. Too much noise was likely to alert the wrong people to their presence.

Shimmying into an alleyway, they deftly ran forwards, shifting their weight lightly from the heel to the arch and up to the front of the toe with every step, making sure to cause the least amount of noise possible.

In the encroaching darkness of the setting sun, most would ordinarily be quite hard to see, but these figures were not like normal ones. They were nearly impossible to see, given their special abilities.

The one in the lead halted suddenly, splaying himself against the wall as he heard footsteps approaching the end of the alleyway up ahead. "Enforcers." The one behind stumbled forwards slightly, catching himself as he too slithered up against the wall.

Their hearts pounded madly as four figures marched past, their black garb and neatly pressed uniforms blending in with the night-time. Their helmets, with the glowing red faceplates hid their faces, but allowed them to spot just about anyone in these dark streets.

Anyone, of course, but a pair of shadow-walkers.

One of the Enforcers glanced down the alleyway, missing their presence as he continued to march forwards. He spoke no words to his companions, nor they to he, as professionalism and discipline had been drilled into them for years at the camps where they trained.

As the Enforcers passed, the lead shadow-walker quietly breathed a sigh of relief. "Four of 'em. We wouldn't have stood a chance."

"You said it, Davook." The younger companion trembled with excitement. His first mission, and it was to sabotage an important facility for training their deadliest enemy. Things weren't going so well these days, so skulking about in the dark and using cloak and dagger tactics -literally, in some cases-, was about the only way to fight against the shadowy menace of the humans.

From the end of the alley and up around the corner, they both cringed as one of the Enforcers bellowed at some unknown person. "You there! Curfew is in effect! Return to your home immediately! No second warnings!"

"Shit. And I thought we had it bad." Davook stepped forwards again gingerly. Unlike his younger companion, Torlok, Davook hated this. It was such a bother. Risking his neck just so Satan could play god was exactly the opposite of his idea of a good time. At some point, the losses weren't worth the sacrifice. Satan should have tried to sign a treaty when the deal was still good. That wasn't the case anymore.

"Come on, Davook! Crack a smile. This is fun!" Torlok hissed excitedly at him but Davook shot a vicious glance at his peer.

"Shut up, moron. You want a Dreadnaught to pay us a visit?" He grimaced as his idiot 'friend' (Friend was such a strong word) couldn't seem to grasp the danger they were in. "Hell, the Dreadnaughts aren't even needed. Those Enforcers will take us with no trouble. You don't wanna end up in the Peeler, do ya?"

Torlok's smile vanished in an instant as mortal fear spread over his face. "N-no... not the Peeler..."

"Good. Shut your trap. Dumbass."

Running forwards again, they arrived at the end of the alley. Davook stole a peek in the direction the Enforcers had marched off to. He cringed as one of them slammed the butt of an energy rifle into some poor fellow's back. He yelled something, but was too far away to hear.

"Cripes. No compassion for their fellow man at all. He could just shoot him with that rifle. Won't hurt a normal human anyway." Davook grumbled quietly as he shook his head, the two of them dashing across the street when the Enforcers weren't looking.

It took them a few more minutes, but eventually they arrived a couple blocks from the local Insurrection Suppression Agency. Supreme Commander Stonewall had installed several in every major city, and at least one in every decently sized town around the world. As a building, it was nothing special, but the underground sections were always used for training of the highly classed metahumans.

"I got the charges, Davook. Where you want me to put 'em?"

The younger demon grinned with glee as he licked his lips. _Revenge_. Killing the meatbags was always a joy, even if he couldn't peel their flesh off himself, blowing them to kingdom come was a fine alternative.

Davook groaned quietly. "I know you have them, stupid. Gimme four. I'll head to the west side of the building, you go East. Watch your back newbie, I won't be there to cover y- wait."

He paused and ducked back into the alley. "Damn. They set up a checkpoint down the street. They've got clear line of sight right where we've gotta run. This won't work."

A few hundred feet away, a line of people was being searched and prodded, as low level Enforcers wearing green searched their bags for various paraphernalia. Of course, allegedly the search was to confirm they weren't demons, but really everyone knew it was just a way to try and catch ordinary lawbreakers.

Torlok peeked around the corner before pulling back again quickly. "Pssh, those are greens. We could take 'em."

"Of course we could, but the main headquarter is _right_ there. For the love of the devil, you're gonna get me killed one of these days." Davook ground his teeth together. Naturally, greens would pose no serious threat, as they were primarily for civilian enforcement, but there might be yellows and reds inside. Having just passed some blacks, he felt very nervous. They were the most elite of all Enforcers, and were not generally assigned to street-level patrols. Did they perhaps know something was up? Maybe a tip-off?

Davook paused to look around for a moment. No Observer drones overhead, despite being in such a high security area. Normally he'd consider it a lucky chance, but something about this whole situation unnerved him.

"I'm gonna... I'm gonna make a distraction. Stay here and get ready to rush across the street when they look away. You're going to have to plant all the charges, new guy."

Torlok nodded quietly. "Sure thing. You're the boss, boss!"

"Course I am, idiot. Not that I wanted the job." Davook shot another glance to both sides as he coiled his legs beneath him. In the blink of an eye, he jumped upwards three stories, gauging the distance perfectly as he smoothly landed on the roof of the residential complex. Zipping forwards, he jumped from rooftop to rooftop, keeping his attention split between the skies and the streets. As dangerous as Enforcers were, it was the damn Observers that worried him. With this rain and fog cover, visibility was poor, but one could never be too sure when it came to technology invented by humans. And if he _was_ spotted, a single Observer could call in the whole goddamn military if they smelled demon blood.

After jumping over three alleys, he arrived at the building overlooking the checkpoint. Reaching into his cloak, he pulled out a small firecracker.

From below him, a woman spoke with frustration in her voice. "Please, sir! I live on this block! I didn't mean to forget my ID, but there was no checkpoint earlier today! This isn't fair!"

"Whose fault is that?" A gruff voiced male Enforcer towered over her as he chuckled intimidatingly. "You think I care? Johnson, take her away. A night in the cage will give us time to sort out her identity, whatever it is."

Another Enforcer wordlessly walked over, grabbing the woman by the arm silently, ignoring her protests. "You can't do this to me! My father works for the water and plumbing district! I'm higher level than you! I'm-"

Before she could say another word, the tall Enforcer reached out and slapped her violently, knocking a pair of glasses off her face. "Shut the hell up! This line is a hundred people deep, I don't have time for some stupid bimbo who can't remember her ID! Next!"

As she was led away, she sobbed as she rubbed her face with the arm not being firmly held by the Enforcer named Johnson.

Davook grimaced at the display, but it wasn't his place to interfere. It was likely anyway that in the end, it would end up being a small inconvenience and she'd learn her lesson. One night of discomfort and they'd let her go in the morning.

It's not like he wanted to interfere with meatbag problems anyway. Lighting the firecracker in his hand, he quickly tossed it another street down into an open garbage can, as he started racing back to jump across the allies again. As the loud bangs were heard in the distance, several people screamed. "Terrorists!"

The downside was that this would significantly heighten the alert level in the area. Still, it would only take them a minute or two to drop the charges. Their detonator was wireless, based on magic. So unless they were caught and a nullifier were used on them, either one of them could trigger it when they were done.

Within seconds of everyone looking over at the alleyway to try and figure out what the small explosions had been, Davook and Torvok had already raced across the street to the ISA's back wall. Flicking his eyes around as they started tossing down the charges, he felt his heart slamming in his chest.

"No cameras?" Torvok was also uneasy. "In the heart of London?"

"Something just ain't right." Davook would have ordinarily told the other moron to shut up, but he had a point for once. What ISA building wouldn't have cameras on every corner? The cameras wouldn't be a problem, even if they had infrared detection, but only an idiot would leave such an important building without any surveillance. Unless it was a trap, of course.

As they placed the C4-styled bombs down, Davook froze as he heard voices approaching from around the corner, the opposite direction from the checkpoint. The voices were speaking quietly, too quietly, and the footsteps were inaudible. Who would be trying to walk so quietly at this time of night?

He quickly grabbed Torvok's arm, who had not yet heard them. Torvok's hearing must have not been quite as sharp as Davook's, because he jerked his head up and looked at Davook questioningly. Davook pressed a finger to his lips, beckoning a thumb in the direction he had heard the voices approaching from. The two of them nodded at each other and quickly activated their full shadow-walking abilities as they jumped forwards to another nearby alleyway, their activated abilities increasing their stealth to unprecedented levels.

Of course, it took much more magical energy, going from half to full shadow-walking power, but it was necessary in this time of crisis. Stealing a glance back as they jerked around the alley, Davook blinked twice as three Enforcers quickly sprinted around the corner, aiming their guns at foes that were no longer there.

He started to continue moving, but then did a double take as something caught his eye. Two of the Enforcers were wearing black. Black level Enforcers were the highest ranked of all the colors, possessing very strong abilities unlike those of their comrades. However, there was a smaller, thinner Enforcer leading the two of them. He wore a white uniform, a color Davook had never seen before.

As Davook had that thought, the one in white spoke up. "They're gone. I know I sensed them."

He pulled his head back around the corner as his breathing slowed to a crawl. That voice... the white Enforcer was a female. What the hell? Females couldn't be Enforcers. Everyone knew that.

"We're aborting the mission. They'll see the charges in seconds. Let's go." Davook cursed as he and his friend quickly fled the scene, ducking into a manhole as they silently lifted, climbed in, and replaced the cover in moments.

A female Enforcer... this was new. They may have failed the mission, but sometimes intel was more useful than outright destruction. Perhaps they wouldn't get the shit beat out of them when Satan heard about the failure.

Daisy felt her heart pause, as she glanced down and saw several small devices at the base of the building. Normally she wouldn't have seen them, but as her father had taught her, anywhere a demon goes, death was sure to follow. "Bombs. There's bombs here. Stand back, I'll render them inert." She shot her hand forwards, as the bomb disappeared, sucked into a place it would never be able to cause any damage. This ability consumed a lot of energy and it only worked on small objects, but it was perfect for this sort of thing. "Luckily, you had me here."

The two men nodded silently as she quickly moved around the building, putting each device inside the special place she had learned about several years before. She wasn't sure where she sent them, but it was not anywhere on Earth. She couldn't go there, but the place was creepy enough that she'd never want to.

She panted slightly as she popped open her visor to wipe her face down. She was a beautiful young girl, having just turned seventeen this year. Next year she'd be old enough to legally smoke and drink, not that she wanted that. Her uncle did more than enough for the both of them.

As she wiped the sweat off, she closed her faceplate up again. "What's going on with that checkpoint?" Her soft and beautiful feminine voice would usually be enough to activate any man's primal urges, but she spoke with such a plainness, derived from her uncle over the years, that despite all of her beauty and her lilting voice, she came off as more of a tomboy than anything else.

"Someone dropped some fireworks in a dumpster. Gave the locals a fright. Probably those two you sensed, princess."

The black level Enforcer snickered slightly inside his suit. So this was the supposed White level Enforcer, the most powerful of all the candidates? Ridiculous. She was just a little girl. A cutie too, but a little girl nonetheless. Even if she were Stonewall's daughter or whatever, he wasn't intimidated. Just a little kid who got her authority from her daddy. Stupid little girls like her needed to be put in their place once in a while.

Daisy didn't miss the slight though. "Don't call me 'Princess'. I'll have your rank stripped for insubordination."

"Of course." His tone indicated he didn't buy it.

Daisy turned to face him. In the blink of an eye, she quickly read his mind, her telepathy having become far more seasoned over the years as her uncle had trained her to be a spy that few knew about, allowing him to dig up dirt on political enemies and other such persons. "Douglas Green, was it? What an interesting name. How would you like to be dropped to green rank, mister _Green_?"

The man frowned as he flicked his eyes over to his pal, Eddie. Eddie wasn't about to give him any help. He turned his gaze back to the little girl in front of him. "Telepathy and some weird vanishing power, huh? Dual abilities are pretty rare, even for a black level Enforcer. Maybe I was wrong about you."

"That's cute. You only have one ability. No matter how strong it is, you're no match for me. Especially now that I know exactly how it works." Daisy popped open her faceplate as she smiled a sickeningly sweet grin at the man who towered a foot above her. "Tell you what, I'm a good girl. I'll give you three options. You can beg for forgiveness right now, you can have your rank stripped, or you can fight me. If you fight me and win, you keep your rank. No, in fact, I'll make sure you're promoted to head of this department. But if you lose, you'll be sent to the Peeler. So, what will it be?"

Douglas frowned at the tiny little girl who was so incredibly deserving of a punch to the face. "I don't care who your daddy is, sweetheart. I worked for years to get where I am. I ain't gonna apologize for anything."

"I expected that much. You big burly men are _so_ predictable." Daisy took a few dainty steps back as she smiled. "A fight it is, then! I'm pretty pissed we lost those demons, so I hope you won't mind if I take some anger out on you?"

Douglas gritted his teeth as he clenched his fist. _This little bitch._ "I'm a gentleman, girly. I'll let you have the first shot. Try to make it a little harder than a stiff breeze. Not like it matters anyway." He smiled, as he readied himself for whatever she'd throw at him. _It's not like she can break through my defenses. That's why my codename is Defender. I'm invincible against any attack._

Daisy's smile turned slightly crooked as an odd glint appeared in her eye. "All righty! It's your funeral, I suppose." _I'm so glad he has that ability. He'll really be able to take a lot of abuse. I need to work out this kink in my neck somehow._

Eddie glanced back and forth between the two of them uneasily. Discreetly, he took several steps back. He wanted to be no part of this engagement.

Amy and Jorge shivered as they glanced out their window at the local ISA. The heater had been broken for a week and the electricity on this block was shoddy. Spending all the country's money on the war effort instead of rebuilding infrastructure had that effect. The viewscreen on the wall displayed several reports on the number of victims of the demons, who had been steadily increasing as of late. _Too many attacks, if you ask me._ Amy turned and smiled as her daughter walked into the room.

"Mommy, I want a bedtime story."

Amy nodded quietly. "Alright, baby. I'll be there in a minute, okay?"

Amy nearly jumped in fright as a horrific scream could be heard in the distance. It sounded like a man was having his hand smashed with a hammer, over and over again. Repeating every few seconds, his wail of agony sent shivers down her spine.

Without waiting to be asked, Jorge quickly got up and closed the window. "Christ, what the hell is going on out there?"

Amy shook her head as she got up and walked over to her daughter. "Don't worry about it. We live next door to the ISA. This is probably one of the safest places in all of London. I'm going to go read Sarah a story."

Jorge glanced out the window in the direction of the sound, his stomach flip-flopped as he saw a sight no person would want to see. "Y-yeah. You go do that. I'll be... I'll be... back in bed in a bit."

He cringed as the poor man was brutalized over and over, his horrific wailing muted only somewhat by the closed window. Blinking quickly, he quickly got up and walked over to the viewscreen, turning the volume up to drown out the sounds from outside.

The News personality, John Locke, announced the local news as always. "Yesterday, in Bahrain, several demons were captured by the forces of our glorious leader, Supreme Commander Stonewall. Their failed guerilla attack is proof that our security measures have proven to be quite effective at slowing them down, even stopping them in many cases. Sources close to the Supreme Commander indicate that he is preparing for an assault on their headquarters, located in a secured part of the Displacement Zone in North America. Should this attack be successful, it will go far in preventing their spread, even beginning to reduce the numbers they are able to send at us. Several Department of National Security sources have indicated that several hundred billion of these demons exist, meaning until we can find a way to effectively eliminate them in large numbers, the lockdown in our cities will continue for an unknown time into the future. Now for Tammy with a special radiation report. Tammy?"

"Thanks, John. Sources inside the Bureau of Environmentalism indicate that the fallout from the 7/18 nuclear bombing last year is being successfully contained. While Wales may not be inhabitable for another hundred years or so, the brutal attack has reminded us of why we fight to bring an end to the existence of the demons. The fallout is no longer expected, at the least, to drift over towards Dublin as the authorities have put a lot of focus on weather control in that area. Due to this, the evacuation order has been cancelled."

Jorge rubbed his lip quietly, as he realized the horrible screams outside his window had finally stopped. _Thank god, I couldn't stand to listen to that for a moment longer._ He shook his head as he turned off the viewscreen and headed towards Sarah's bedroom. Pausing at the doorway, he listened as his wife read Sarah her favorite bedtime story, The Secret Garden.

He lingered in the doorway for several minutes, listening, until Amy's voice slowed to a crawl. Sarah had fallen asleep faster than usual. Carefully, Amy got up and walked over to the doorway, the lights in the room fading out as she exited.

The two of them walked silently to their bedroom, closing the door to where only a crack remained. As she pulled off her shirt and pants and crawled into bed, he followed suit as the two of them snuggled up to each other.

Neither were in the mood for anything particularly frisky tonight. The air, lately, had been dreadful. There was something about the city these days that didn't lend itself to romance or anything sweet like that. Amy sighed.

"What happened out there?"

Jorge swallowed as he remembered the scene he had glimpsed. "Nothing good. Looks like some Enforcers had a personal dispute."

"They're fighting among themselves now? Gods, when will it end?"

"I don't know." He reached up and scratched his nose as Amy wrapped her arms around him from behind, pressing herself against his tanned body. "Maybe we should homeschool Sarah. Everyone's doing it, these days. All the materials are available on the Holo-net. Safer than having her walk or take a bus, and it's not like my hazard pay is going to wear out anytime soon."

Amy nodded slowly. "I've been thinking about that myself. Should I re-enlist? Maybe in a couple years? I still have pull with the right people."

Jorge creased his brow. "I don't know. Maybe we should find some work in the civilian sector. Do you really want to work for... for that man?"

Amy sighed. "He's not all bad, you know. It seems dire, but you've seen the reports. They look like us. Would you rather let them into the city to bomb us again? These measures are important."

"It's chaos out there. Nobody knows what the hell they're doing." Jorge pressed his face into his pillow as he felt his wife's gaze on his back. "They're just a bunch of strongmen playing the goons for a man who thinks himself a dictator."

"Come on, that's not fair. The last major attack nearly hit us, you know. Another hundred miles to the east and we wouldn't be here. What do you expect him to do with that kind of threat?"

Jorge stayed silent for a few moments as he mulled it over. "...Yeah. Maybe you're right. I dunno." His gravelly voice choked up as he thought about the man outside. Was this legal, now? Street brawls? This could hardly be called acceptable. If civilization wasn't kept intact, what was the point? Turning into barbarians just to try and stave off monsters was hardly the ideal solution.

"Maybe. Who knows? The only thing I know is how much I love you." Amy smiled as she pressed herself upwards to kiss the back of his neck.

Jorge smirked. "You always get your way. But not this time. I'm taking the lead tonight." He flipped himself over and pressed his chest against hers aggressively, as she leaned her head back.

"Oh? Well, don't keep me in suspense."

As it turned out, perhaps there was in fact room for romance in this tortured metropolis.
