Part 210a

"Heyyy! You're back!" Harold greets me as I teleport back into my bunker. Harold sits on a little pedestal in front of a big TV, since he has awareness of the immediate area around himself as well as anything I can see, I figured it'd be nice for me to let him watch TV all day rather than be cooped up in my Storage all day long doing nothing.

Too bad he doesn't have a way to change the channel, it's really unfortunate.

"Man, I tell ye sonny, back in my day, we didn't have none of this color TV and 24/7 news coverage! I miss Walter Cronkite though, these people on the telly are a bunch o' wackos!"

I nod and smile as I slump into a recliner facing the TV. "It was one heck of a day today."

"You're telling me! Saw the whole thing with my own two eyes! Big storm swept through New Jersey, destroyed 'bout fifteen homes! Lots o' people out on the streets now. Real sad if ye ask me. If we had a president like Dwight, he'd be all over the place makin' sure them Americans was in a safe place fer the night!"

I smile as I summon a cup of coffee into my hands. I forgot to heat it up though, so it's cold... nothing a little 'hot' spell won't fix.

"To be honest Harold, I meant what _I_ did today. I scared some government people, made them think twice about following me around."

Harold grins as his eyes focus on the TV. "I tell ye, kid, things are different these days. We didn't have none o' that spying and crap like the gover'mint does now. If they did, we'd kick their commie asses back to the frigid mountains of Russia where they belong!"

I paused as I glanced over at his orb. "You know we're, uh, _allies_ with Russia now... right?"

"Hot diggity damn! No way! I'm always gettin' s'prised by the state o' the world! When did we stop kickin' butt and takin' names?!"

I shrug. "I mean, we still do. We're the world's strongest superpower, you know? We have more nukes than any other country by a long shot. We're winning every war we've ever fought in... except Vietnam I guess, but I wasn't alive back then... so I don't know why."

Harold nodded. "Yeap, last time I remember seein' a calendar 'fore I met you, it was some time in April, 1959, somethin' like that. World's changed a lot in the last fifty years 'r so."

"Fifty years? It's changed even more in the last two thousand." A voice came from behind me all of a sudden, making me almost jump out of my skin. I'd taken to turning off my spatial vision in the base since otherwise I might be tracked here, but who the hell is-?!

I quickly whipped my head around, only to see... a... female angel?

A woman was standing in the middle of the room, her body emitting a faint, soft glow. She wasn't Cassiel though, she was someone else. My mind reeled as I quickly took stock of the situation. She had long, auburn hair, was wearing a fairly generic looking angelic robe, had long feathery white wings, and she looked like... well, like an angel?!

"Who are you? How did you get in here?!" Best to start with the obvious questions.

"Sorry, I'd have liked to knock, but there's no, um, front door... so I just appeared here. I hope I didn't startle you!" Her voice was earnest, yet pleasant. I don't know how old she was, but based on the '2,000 years' bit, she wasn't young in human years.

"No, no, it's fine, I guess. I'll ask again though, who are you?" I took a step back, lightly placing my hand on Harold, just in case.

"My apologies. My name is Uzziel, and my title is the Strength of the Gods. I am one of the lowest archangels... I have merely come to speak to you today. I mean no harm."

I cautiously nodded, as I eased up my defensive posture and let go of Harold. "I see. How did you find me?"

"We've known of your existence since the day you officially became a Candidate. When the Hero's Spirit took root in you, every time you used your abilities, you flashed like a bright beacon. Not all Candidates use their abilities, but those that do, we always find them."

Gears whirred and clicked in my head as she spoke. "Candidate? I've heard the term before. However, what is this Hero's Spirit you speak of?"

Uzziel paused. "That is a complicated question. However, as much as I would like to answer that question, only the highest ranking gods and archangels are allowed to discuss this openly." Her eyes flicked around the room for a moment. "... _Others_ might be listening."

I bobbed my head slightly. "Yes, I understand. Would there be a better place to discuss this?"

She raised her eyes and looked up at the ceiling. "Yes. If you allow me to touch your hand, I will take you there."

I felt myself hesitate, but then I slowly walked towards her, before pausing again. "All right, but I will only go with you under the condition that Harold comes along." I wagged my head back towards his orb.

The angel stared at the orb for a second. "Yes... the Beacon of Life... so strange you should possess it. A few months ago, the day we first detected you, it vanished from its holding place in Heaven. Did you... perhaps...?"

I quickly shake my head when I realize what she's getting at. "No! No! I didn't steal it. I..."

I paused. I can't afford to tell her about Storage. I don't know whether I can trust the gods and the angels, or the demons, or the humans, best to play it safe.

"...I accidentally summoned it to myself. I must have cast a spell, because it appeared right in my hands out of nowhere, when I first learned of my abilities."

She stared at me quizzically, clearly not believing my story, but not wishing to offend. "I... see. In any case, please do bring it along. If it was called to you, then as the bearer of Hercules' power, I have no right to intervene."

Hercules?! What?!...Best to ignore it for now.

I pick up Harold and take him along with me, as I hold onto her hand. It feels... nice. Soft, comforting...

As I think that thought, the world around me dissolves, as I slowly appear in a world made of clouds and pure white skies.

...Heaven?