Part 049: Raphael

I braced myself for the feeling of falling, and then I slipped the ring on my finger.

As usual, I was surprised yet again.

The world around me darkened noticeably. The daylight (Of which I still couldn't figure out where exactly it came from) vanished, and darkness took over my vision. Suddenly I was in a world of black.

And then, things cleared up. Above me, I saw a starry sky. Trees were all over around me. I found myself seated on a log, sitting a few feet from a cozy fire. I lifted my hands up and felt the warmth from the fire.

Was this an illusion? I blinked twice. It seemed so real. I could feel my body again. I was sitting upright without any support. It felt somehow exhilarating. Had I already been healed? This was probably just an illusion.

Suddenly, I realized I was not alone. Across from me, an old man sat quietly, on the opposite side of the fire.

For a minute, the silence increased. I felt the urge to speak, since he didn't appear to want to.

"Are... you Raphael?" I asked slowly, almost not sure if I should break the silence.

The old man stared stonily at the fire, his hands held up to keep warm. The chilly night air was bitter cold, but it felt good to me who had been cooped up indoors for so long.

He was an interesting looking fellow. He would seem to be a hundred years old, by his appearance. His long beard flowed beneath him, mottled by years he had spent not combing it. It lightly touched the ground thanks to his hunched position. His hair was grey and thinning. He wore a robe that covered most of his body, though his face was fully visible.

Unsure if he had not heard me, I tried again. "Ah, sir... could you perhaps be the Archangel Raphael?"

_Sir_. I may have just called a heavenly divine being 'Sir'. What the hell is wrong with me? I'm so inept at conversing with other people. This is what I get for spending my last three years in the past as a shut-in, watching TV and playing video games.

The old man slowly raised his gaze to meet mine. "...And what if I am? What would you do? What would you ask of me?"

I was taken aback by his questions. What would I do? I don't know. I just wanted... to talk. He was the great Archangel of Wisdom. Perhaps he could help me.

Then I suddenly felt embarrassed. Really, me? I'm going to just bug a great heavenly being with inane questions about myself? I just want to bother him so he can heal my broken back? I'm still only thinking of myself. Why did I even do this? I only came here for myself. I'm full of selfishness and greediness. I shouldn't have come here.

I reached for my finger, intending to take off Raphael's ring, but it wasn't there.

The old man, perhaps reading my thoughts, spoke again. "So full of doubt and self loathing. I have met many like you." He lowered his eyes, and again stared into the fire. I could almost believe I saw visions in his ancient eyes. Visions of wars fought, friends lost, companions slain. The man had lost family and friends, wives and children, he had lost everything and in the end, he had failed them all.

I was silent. I didn't have anything to say.

"Everyone has doubt. They always ask what could have been. They always ask 'what if'. They always want to know what the right choices are to make." The old man, spoke, as he stared into the fire. "Many have sought my counsel. They call me 'wise'. I am not wise, I am simply ancient. I have seen a great many things and lived a great many lives."

He rose up slowly, his hand resting on a mottled old cane as he lifted himself to his full height. He was not particularly tall, in fact, he seemed to be nearly the same height as myself.

"Wisdom is not gained through counsel or words. Wisdom is not gained through questions and answers. Wisdom, if such a thing truly exists, can only be cultivated through deeds, both honorable and dishonorable."

He hobbled slowly around the fire towards me. When he reached me, I gazed up into his eyes.

He leaned down to me and pressed a hand upon my shoulder.

"You do not need my counsel. I can only give you words and concepts. The solution to your problem lies within yourself. All you have to do, is _look_ for it."

Suddenly, I felt a great energy emanating from his hand that was placed on my shoulder.

"Go now, Hero. Do what must be done. When I next see you, it will be I who asks the questions, not ye."

And with that, the world around me dissipated. The old man faded away, as did the night sky and the stars, and I found myself once again laying in my bed.

I stared at the ceiling in wonder. It all meant something grand, and incredible.

But now I knew what had to be done.

Taking the final ring, I placed my finger inside it.

_Michael._
