Part 272a:

I arrived just in time to see Satan locked in mortal combat with three clones, as well as Gabriel, Zeus, and Raphael.

Of course, Satan wasn't alone. Aiding him were two of his demon generals, ones I didn't recognize, but who my latent telepathy identified as Diablo and Bael.

Bael was one big son of a gun. He was much bigger and more intimidating than Satan, and he swung around a massive demonstone flail, a classic ball and chain weapon that could crush enemies outright if they didn't dodge it. My suit estimated its weight was close to 300 pounds, the weight of a morbidly obese man, and Bael swung it like it was a little stick being wielded by a child.

"Gwa haha! If this thing hits ya, you're gonna be flattened like a pancake!" Bael roared energetically as he smashed his flail downwards at Raphael, one of my clones shoving Raphael out of the way just as the spiked ball crushed the clone underfoot.

Bael's eyes lit up with joy at how easily he had managed to flatten one of my duplicates. "How do you like that feeling, stupid human?! Now you're dead!"

The flail lifted up suddenly and was chucked away like a side of raw beef. My clone stood up and dusted himself off. "You're a loudmouthed idiot. My suit is at 98% integrity. You hardly even scratched it."

Satan scowled at Bael. "Stop with the chatter!" As a clone rushed him and delivered a mighty punch right to his stomach, Satan flinched and was knocked backwards a step, but otherwise he was unharmed. "Keep pounding on him until that suit falls to pieces! It isn't made of ordinary materials!"

Diablo, wielding a red pitchfork, shot a blast of magma from its three tips as his forked tail rooted in the ground to keep himself balanced. "You don't say! No matter what I hit these copycats with, they just keep standing up! Nothing seems to hurt them!"

I jumped into the fight, teleporting behind Bael as I withdrew Excalibur from storage and stabbed forwards, but Bael sensed my presence and dodged. Lucky, because that surprise attack would likely have skewered him. "That's the point! You can't kill what you can't hurt, Satan! Give it up, you don't have time to prep your piercing attack!"

"Fool! Your clones are hardly hurting my generals and myself at all! This is a battle of attrition, and I won't soon lose!" Satan did not smile however, and it appeared both sides were at quite the stalemate. However, that was exactly what I had been waiting for.

Jumping a dozen feet away from Bael, I aimed Excalibur at his back as he continued to swing his flail at Raphael.

Aiming my telepathy at all my allies in this fight, I spoke quickly. _Guys! I'm going to fire a holy beam from Excalibur! In exactly three seconds, leap into the air! This is your only warning!_

Raphael flicked his eyes over to me, as his surprisingly spry legs coiled below him. Bael, seeing Raphael stop moving for a split second, reared his fist back to strike a blow at him.

Diablo sensed something was amiss, and jerked his head back just in time to see the energy surging in my blade. "Bael! Watch out! He's-!"

Before he could finish his sentence, as if on cue, I sent out my mental order. _JUMP!_

All of the angels and my clones leaped up in the air at the same time as I stabbed forwards with my blade. "EXCALIBUR!"

A blast of white-hot light shot out of the tip, blasting directly through Bael's chest before he knew what had hit him. His mouth shot open in surprise, but he was unable to spit words out due to loss of lungs.

A second later, the light vanished, as Bael stumbled forwards. His mouth opened and closed, but no words came out. Moments later, he fell to his knees, and then on his face, as his flail dropped to his side.

As blood pooled out of him, Satan's hunched body wildly jerked his gaze over at me. "You! That power- you know how to use it?!"

As Gabriel and the rest of the group landed a few feet away, I leveled my sword at Diablo as power again began to glow in the tip. "That's right. Let's make this two for two."

As I said that, suddenly my brain **exploded**. It was as if ten thousand people screamed a high-pitched noise directly into both of my ears at the same time. I don't know what happened then, only that for a few moments, possibly longer, I lost all control of my body, and then I lost consciousness as well.

...................................................................

Unarin and Dosena strolled up casually towards the group of angels and gods that were fighting Satan's demon generals. Dosena raised an eye as a single one of the hypersuited warriors pulled out a strange long instrument, and then fired a blast of light at one of the demon generals, killing him instantly. Well, based on his life signs, he wasn't dead, but that could be changed easily if he wasn't pulled out of there.

"All right then, I suppose it's time for us to end this farce. Dosena, deploy the Dragoons. Also, neutralize that feisty one with the sword over there." Unarin mentally indicated the one who had shot the beam of light.

_Ah, so it's called a 'sword'. I see now._ Dosena nodded as she felt for a moment like she had solved a piece of an important puzzle. With the briefest of thoughts, she aimed her telepathic abilities at the human, who appeared to be charging up another of those deadly attacks. With hardly any effort, the human staggered forwards and flopped lifelessly to the ground.

Another moment later, she contacted the Dragoon Corps and gave them the orders to move out. Frankly, it irritated her that Unarin wouldn't just do it himself, but it was best not to question him in matters such as these. His mental abilities might be second to hers, but he was still lightyears beyond all Volgrim other than the other Founders themselves, and possibly a few select Elders. And, barring that, he had other gifts that he could use freely, which Dosena had luckily been able to witness in the Fifth Great War.

Indeed, he was the highest ranked and most powerful of all Volgrim for a reason. She suspected that even this Satan fellow would be hard pressed to kill the one he thought so little of.

As they strolled up to the ground of demons, angels, and clones, Unarin smiled pleasantly at the enemy, an expression she rarely saw him make. 'Rare' being an understatement, the last time was possibly a few thousand orbits ago.

"If you angels and gods would be so kind as to vacate your home, I will refrain from slaughtering you all like the biological weaklings that you are. Otherwise, I can't guarantee your safety for much longer."

One of the clones dashed over and grabbed the one that Dosena had felled. His front visor shut momentarily and then reopened, and just like that, the one she had incapacitated groggily woke back up.

_Hmm? When his visor shut, for a moment I lost all contact with his mind. I felt a strange energy as well, something alien. Was that some special ability that he used?_

Dosena icily glared at the clone who had revived the other suited fighter. She noted that these were not the ordinary humans they had seen countless times on the frontlines, but they were clones of the same individual, one who seemed to possess a strange alien energy.

According to Satan, this was known as Heroic Energy, which was separate from the energy that demons and angels used, but similar in its effects. It came from the same source, but Satan never went into specifics regarding how it worked. Very smart, considering he needed all the help he could get when it came time to fight off the Volgrim who would come to collect.

"Unarin, Dosena. You arrived at the perfect time." Satan calmly stood up tall as he turned away from the Founders to eyeball his foes. "Since you're here now, I assume that you've already activated the backup plan?"

Raphael glanced over at the King of the Gods, Zeus, as if saying something telepathically to him. Dosena detected no such telepathic activity, but one could never be too careful around primitives.

"Yes. The Dragoons are launching. They will be here in..." He paused as I fed him the time telepathically. "...two minutes, Earth time. Powering up their bioreactors takes quite the effort, as you already know."

Satan nodded as he took a step backwards, away from the angels and the humans. "Good. We'll take our leave then. Give my demons time to retreat. We don't wish to be caught in the crossfire."

Unarin nodded as he shot a stray thought at Dosena. She flicked her eyes over knowingly. _Yes, if only the demons knew what was coming._

"You have until they arrive. Begin the tactical retreat. We'll take over from here."

The human whom Dosena had mind-bombed earlier spoke up, an edge of nervousness in his voice. "A r-retreat, huh? I knew you didn't have it in you, Satan."

Satan rolled his eyes at the human. "In minutes, that insult will mean little, coming from a dead man." In the blink of an eye, Satan vanished, dragging along his generals with him into a portal, including the one with the impaled chest.

The human dug his feet into the ground, as his visor closed. For a moment, Dosena once again sensed his mental presence disappear and then reappear.

She quietly wondered why this kept happening. Oh well, a mystery for another day.
