Part 434c - Tortured Past

Marie's rapid exit leaves me standing alone on the bridge, with only the Sentinel and the air between us. The giant murder-machine stares at me silently, and finally I pull away from his singular gaze.

"Ionis, given you know more about the Volgrim than me, would you be willing to look through the data Marie gave us? You can probably figure out which Volgrim built the Sentinels faster than I can."

He immediately blares in my mind, _THAT ARRANGEMENT IS SATISFACTORY._

"Great. Here, have a look." I can barely stand to look at his eerie single eye, so I glance away and hold the datapad toward him. I've scarcely lifted my hand before the pad vanishes from my grasp, almost teleporting into the robot's hand.

_Fast!_

I stare in amazement as he rapidly taps buttons on the screen at a speed that makes Marie's previous feats seem trivial. His fingers are a blur, but what's more shocking is that the pad can keep up with his inputs in the first place. Future technology is ridiculous.

A minute passes, but Ionis says nothing, and continues to do... whatever... on the pad. "Oookay, well, while you work on that, I need to be doing... literally anything else. Have fun."

The Sentinel says nothing, so I quietly leave the bridge.

He's a creepy one sometimes, but so far I've seen little of the bloodthirstiness everyone says he should have. As Cassiel said before, maybe he's a good robot? He did protect those humans, didn't he? That doesn't sound like something a genocidal murder-bot would do.

Crap, that's right! Cassiel! She fled when Marie appeared earlier, so I need to see what's going on with her.

My footsteps dully clank against the steel floor as I walk down the perfectly shined and sparkling aisles, turning left and right until I jump in surprise! Samantha walks around a corner again, nearly bumping into me.

"Oh!" She lets out a cute yelp, but only a flash of a smile crosses her face. It's quickly replaced with a look of trepidation. "Hero. You startled me. Um, are you going to talk with Cass?"

The look of worry on her face spreads to mine. "Yeah. Is she okay? She ran away, but, well, Marie kept me busy for several minutes."

Samantha leans against the wall to her left, her eyes downcast to my shoes. "Cass won't tell me anything, but she's a mess. She sobbed uncontrollably for several minutes, and I got the distinct impression she knows that woman very intimately. It was- it was like watching someone whose family had been murdered by a serial killer, only for them to meet that killer years later and be powerless to stop them from committing more murders."

"That sounds awful," I say, scratching my chin thoughtfully. "I'll have to be delicate when I talk to her."

"Yep." Samantha, to my surprise, pulls away from the wall, takes a step forward, and hugs me, a warm gesture unlike how she usually acts. "Thank you."

"It's my pleasure."

She pulls away and smiles softly before pushing past me and walking toward the Bridge. I cough into my fist.

"Uh, Sammy?"

"Yes?"

"The Sentinel is still on the Bridge, you know."

Her face whitens. "Oh. I'll uh, I'll be in the mess hall, in that case."

"That's a good idea."

She sheepishly turns at the corridor's end and hurriedly heads for the mass hall, and I continue walking to our room. The moment the door opens, I spot Cassiel lying on the bed, facing me, and she jerks back in surprise, quickly turning around and facing the wall. She wipes at her eyes as if she doesn't want me to see her crying.

"Cass? Are you okay?" I carefully inch into the room, not wanting to disturb her, and also because I feel a little anxious at how she's hiding her emotions from me. Come to think of it, ever since we've left Hero City, I haven't seen a negative attitude from her in all the time we've spent together. In fact, she's been more bubbly and happy than I thought possible.

"I'm fi-" Her voice catches, and she chokes it down. "-fine. It's nothing."

"That doesn't sound like nothing." I walk closer to the bed and sit at the far corner, close to her feet. The pillow is stained grey from tears, and as I notice that, she quickly pulls some covers over herself.

We sit silently for several long seconds, and I decide to break the silence. "Marie." The mere mention of the scientist's name makes Cassiel squeeze the covers tighter. Her fingers turn white from how hard she's holding the soft cloth. "Did you know her?"

"...no."

It's such a weak denial that I almost want to laugh. I don't though since she wouldn't say 'no' without a good reason. "You're a terrible liar."

She paws at her eyes again, though I can't see her face at all. "Sorry."

"You don't have to apologize, Cass." I lean forward and touch her hand lightly. Without looking, she twines her fingers with mine. "Won't you tell me what's going on?"

She shakes her head, then buries her face into the pillow. "I don't want to."

"Why not?"

A long pause. "Just... because."

"That's not an answer. Is it me? Did I make you mad? If it's something I did, I'm sorry."

"No!" Cassiel yells into her pillow, the fluffy down feathers muffling her voice somewhat, but still catching me by surprise. She quickly calms down. "It's just," She finally turns to look at me, her face stained with dried tears. "you worry so much about me. I don't want you to protect me from everything."

"O-okay. I understand." I try to force a smile, but seeing her cry is wreaking havoc on my guts. "If you don't want to tell me, I won't ask."

I start to pull away, but she squeezes my hand tighter. "Wait! That's- that's it? You're not going to keep asking?"

I'm suddenly confused. "No? If you don't want to say, then it's not my place to know. I'm your lover, not your father."

Finally, she turns around and sits up on the bed, facing me head-on. She dries her face with her robes, and sniffles, "Do you remember how we met?"

I blush slightly, "Well yeah, it was only a few weeks ago."

"I was chained to the wall and left to die." She says it so matter-of-factly, I can only nod.

"Uh huh."

"How do you think I got there?"

Her expression is serious now. She's already pushing whatever sadness from before to the back of her mind. I flip around and sit all the way on the bed, crossing my legs under myself like a monk. "To be honest, I never gave it much thought. I figured you would tell me if you wanted, and if not, then it wasn't my business."

She nods, "I don't like thinking about my past. I was chained to that wall for... for..." Her eyes cloud, and she seems to look through me for a few moments before returning to reality. "...I lost track of time. Years, decades, eons. The only other being I saw was Gressil. He would come in to taunt me, stab me, anything to increase my suffering."

I make sure to keep a neutral expression. Never before has she been this open about her past. "That's impossibly hard to fathom. You're a stronger person than me."

"I wanted to kill myself." She gasps, as if the words are knives, impaling her as she speaks. "I was completely helpless. I could scarcely wiggle. I didn't even have the strength to bite my tongue. Even if I did, it wouldn't have killed me. Angels can heal very quickly."

I stay silent. It's better for me to listen, and let Cass get it out of her system. "When you found me and pulled me from that wall, I honestly thought I had died. There wasn't even the remotest possibility someone could appear to save me from my pain, even going so far as to laugh in the face of Gressil. It took me days to realize everything was real. The feeling of a warm sun on my back, cool air blowing through my hair, even when Adams kidnapped me, I was less scared of him and what he might do to me, and more that he would return me to that horrible place. It's a miracle I'm sane after all this time. It's a testament to the abilities of angels."

I nod dumbly, "I see. So why are you telling me this now?"

Cassiel's face suddenly contorts into a violent expression of rage that takes me aback. "Because. It's HER. That vile, putrid, scummy, worthless woman. Marie. I can never forget her face. How do you think I ended up where you found me? She put me there! Marie-" Cassiel's anger deflates in an instant, and she quickly looks away, an expression of horror on her face. "Marie tortured us, experimented, injected awful burning liquid into our veins, cut limbs off, and did so much more!! The cruel things she did, all for what she claimed was 'science,' it was inexcusable!"

Even as Cassiel's rage is replaced with fear and loathing, my own anger rushes in to fill the void. "She did all that to you?! Why didn't she remember you, then? She acted as if you were unimportant when I spoke with her. No, more importantly, what was her motive? What would-" I suddenly stop, realizing how I might be making Cass feel. "Sorry. I went overboard."

"It's fine, Hero." She brushes a strand of hair away from her face, pulling her hand from mine. "I used to ask those same questions every day. She mentioned the experiments were for a 'friend,' but she always laughed when we asked who. I think... I think she just enjoyed inflicting pain on us. She killed many of the remaining angels, you know. With her own hands, I mean."

"I don't know much about the angels. Is there a chance- do you think it's possible more may be alive? Maybe you weren't the only one to survive the experiments?"

The sadness lifts from Cassiel's face, but only slightly. "I doubt it. After Marie was done with us, she 'donated' us to the demons. Ten angels were devoured in front of my eyes. I was scared I would be next, but it never happened. Instead, they locked each one of us away. Gressil would taunt me, telling me how many were left. Some died quickly, but others held on for a long time. Eventually, he told me I was the last one."

"Maybe he lied?"

She shakes her head, "Gressil is many things, and that includes a liar, but as time went on, he seemed to be growing sadder that so many of them were dying. I don't think he made their deaths up. He quite liked having _playthings_ to torture."

_Demons are evil._ I want to say that, but my mind flicks to Samantha, and how decidedly not-evil she is. Then I remember what she told me recently about all the men she's killed.

Even if I assume the demons are vile monsters, what does that make me? Marie is a human, the same as I. Even now, humans are killing demons by the thousands in the Labyrinth, if Marie's words are to be believed. Those deaths are at least half my fault... so I can't say with any certainty that humans are superior to the demons.

I rustle around and lie down on the bed, stretching out so I can feel my joints pop. Cassiel follows along, laying on my arm as we both get more comfortable. Finally, I break the silence. "Do you want me to kill Marie?"

Cassiel snickers, despite the situation. "No, don't be silly. Two wrongs don't make a right."

I feel a little happier knowing the anguish she's feeling isn't there on the surface anymore, but at the same time, that thought makes me suspect I'm being selfish. "I could erase your memory of the past, Cass. Then you wouldn't have to think about that stuff ever again."

"That's sweet of you," She turns her head to peck me on the cheek. "but wholly unnecessary. The other angels died awful deaths. It wouldn't be fair for me to get out of that situation unscathed. Even if it hurts, it's part of who I am now. As my mother used to say, 'you either let fear and pain control you, or you outgrow it'."

"Your mother was very intelligent."

Cassiel closes her eyes, as memories of her mother enter her mind. "She was strong, right up to the very end."

Her words carry an ominous tone. "What do you mean by that? How did she die?"

She blinks her eyes open. "Marie killed her, of course. When myself and the other angels were captured, so were other humans. Marie needed to test the differences between human and angel biology. My mother was taken, just as I was."

"Jesus Christ." The words barely exhale from my lips. "That red-haired bitch. She'd better hope I never see her again..."

Cassiel quickly leans up, propping her chin on my chest and glaring at me. "See! This is why I didn't want to tell you. Don't do anything stupid! We have to learn to forgive those who wrong us. That's what I was always taught in church."

_Forgive Marie? You're a goddamn saint, Cass._ I sigh dramatically, but resign myself to whatever she wants. "Fine. I won't. If you change your mind though, just give me the word and I'll beat her to death with both of her arms. Fair?"

The mental image makes Cassiel laugh, in spite of the grim thought. "You're so overprotective! But fine, if I change my mind, you'll be the first to know."

"That's my girl." I toss her to the side and lunge at her playfully, planting a full kiss on her lips. "Hey, I have an idea."

She smiles at me bashfully, "Does it involve me?"

"Yeah. I say we make some good memories to replace the bad ones! Besides, I haven't been giving you the attention you deserve lately, have I?"

She chortles and puts on a mock expression of outrage. "No! It's so unfair! You always let Sammy sit in your lap and tease you! When am I gonna get some loving?"

I pull her a little closer, "There's no time like the present." Before she pulls me in for another kiss, I stick a finger between our lips. "By the way, were you serious when you said you wanted a duck?"

.........................................................................

"It is worse than I thought. Those three have come into possession of a Sentinel."

Elder Kryios's holographic image shimmers in her usual seating spot, the small amount of travel lag caused by the vast distances making her words take several seconds to broadcast even after her lips have finished moving. Every Volgrim at the Council stiffens at once. Even I'm... surprised. It has been an eternity since I heard mention of those weapons of war. Even so, I feel a glimmer of greed, deep in my soul.

Elder Lozu, one of the members of the Anti-War faction, strokes his short brown beard thoughtfully. "A Sentinel, you say? That is indeed quite surprising. Have you any idea where they might have acquired such a relic?" He immediately looks at me, and the annoyance on his face is quite distinct. "I'm sure Elder Basil would love to know. For scientific purposes, of course."

Fool. We have a never-ending forever-escalating conflict on one front, and two species to keep in their place on the other, and Lozu thinks we can end battles with petty words. He doesn't understand my motivations, or he pretends not to. Either way, the anti-war faction is a thorn in my side.

"Yes, I am quite anxious to learn where they procured such a specimen. Is it of new make or one of the originals? Did you obtain an identifier?" I attack her with questions, but of course, she deflects efficiently. It's her talent.

"Thanks to recording logs of our conversation, we have determined that the Second Emperor of Hell referred to the Sentinel as 'Ionis'. According to logs archived from the Third Age, we have corroborated with a very high likelihood that it is one of the originals. There is a chance that the images we were shown were fake, however..."

Elder Lozu interrupts, "What of the supposed sighting of a Sentinel, twelve-hundred-thousand cycles ago? Didn't a warship finally discover the original Volgarian homeworld, only for one of its scouting ships to be mysteriously destroyed? Are we to believe that was unrelated?"

_Unfortunate. Elder Lozu is one of the younger members of the table. He wasn't on the council when that event happened, but I was. With the war against the Kolvaxians reaching a critical point, we couldn't afford to spare any resources to hunt down the Sentinel. We buried the information and hoped the machine wouldn't attack, and we lucked out._

Lozu, as always, stupidly believes in causes that have no basis in reality, and pushes opinions regarding things he knows little about.

"It was never confirmed, Elder Lozu, but yes, we suspected at the time it might be a Sentinel." Kryios answers for me, the several second delay in her audio allowing us time to mull over the implications of this new threat. "I suppose our suspicions have been confirmed, but now the question becomes... is it the only one?"

"That's NOT the most important question! The question we should be asking is why it has allied itself with a human, demon, and an angel!" Another elder across the room barks out in anger. "It should be returning to us, the ones who created it! Where is the loyalty?!"

Several members of the pro-war faction nod, but I quickly interrupt. "Not so fast. None of us were around for those dark days, but the Great Wars of Volgarian myth are quite real, I assure you. Based on logs taken from Founder Unarin's memories, my studies have indicated that the Sentinels were responsible for the mass evacuation of our original homeworld. I doubt a single one would be loyal to us, given that the final Great War was fought between Volgrim and machine."

Lozu smirks and leans back on his bench. "As expected, the leader of the barbarian faction would know all about the deadliest weapons that have ever existed. Now, will you offer a sane strategy for dealing with this weapon, or are we doomed if it turns its firepower toward us?"

Before I can respond, Elder Kryios interrupts. "Elder Lozu, the disrespect toward your senior councilman is unwarranted. Keep your tongue in check."

I smirk at him as he turns away to stew. It still amuses me that the demons think we're an emotionless hivemind, for it is times like this that show me we are just as fractured and broken as the other species.

_Well, not that we'd ever let them know that. We still have our pride, even if we fight among each other._

Elder Kryios continues, "Even if we had a method to defeat them, which we do _not_, we certainly lack the military personnel to do so. A single Sentinel might as well be a million. It will think faster than us, move faster, attack faster... we would need to encircle it with a trillion starfighters and hammer it with all of our might, and possibly find a way to disable its systems. I verily doubt our capability of doing so."

That seems to shut Elder Lozu up. He squirms in his seat uncomfortably. "So it's hopeless, then."

I squeeze my hands together, pretending in the back of my mind that his neck is in my grasp. "The Sentinels have only been defeated once. The Founders were the ones to finally stop them, but all are long-since dead. We may never know what method they used, and therefore must hope with all our power that this... 'Ionis'... does not turn his gaze toward us."

Kryios lowers her head, a sense of defeat in the air around her hologram. "If only we had not let the Founders take their secrets to the next life... we might have had a chance."

A solemness pervades the air before another Elder coughs into his fist. "It seems there is nothing we can do regarding the Sentinel at this time. If that is the case, I move that we continue to the next topic regarding Sector 1642 and the expansion of the Kolvaxian plague. All in favor?"

"Aye," everyone chimes in simultaneously. "Aye," I repeat quietly, as my mind turns to thoughts of what that machine could do for the war effort.

.........................................................................

His bare feet slap against the black tiled floor, as he walks through the dark corridors. Every step echoes differently, like wraiths cackling inside the walls, tormenting him and laughing at the trial he must now undergo. Diablo breathes heavily as he passes sleeping quarters, sacrificial chambers, and finally through a great Feasting Chamber. He enters the room with little fanfare, but many of the regulars spot him in an instant.

"Oy! It's the Third!" A shadow-walker glances up from his mug and stares in awe as the most visible of the ruling Emperors strolls through the hallway. "It's me, Tvoorik! Do you recognize me?!"

Diablo barely even looks at the young demon. "No. Don't bother me right now."

His palms glisten with wetness, and he brushes them smoothly on the black robes he wears. It isn't often he's forced to wear such formal attire, but this meeting is one he has put off for several days, and waiting longer will only increase the pain.

The shadow-walker looks miffed. "Fine, sheesh."

"Tvoorik!" Another shadow-walker nudges him angrily. "Show some respect!"

"Sorry."

Diablo is halfway through the room when a familiar black skinned Animus falls into stride beside him. "Third Emperor, Diablo. It has been a while since we last spoke."

The two of them exit through the opposite door and continue walking towards wherever Diablo is headed. The Third Emperor blinks twice, realizing the other was speaking to him. "Huh? What do you want, Smealum?"

Smealum rubs his hands together, "Nothing in particular. I'm just curious about what you're up to. Especially wearing that formal attire." He snickers to himself. "You're pale too, like you're about to see Death himself." Suddenly his smile evaporates. "Or... the next worst thing... I suppose."

Diablo gnashes his teeth together and stops, turning to Smealum with a fiery glare. "I'm going to see the First Emperor."

Smealum takes a step back, holding his hands up to his chest. "T-the First? Why would you ever need- I mean, I thought he hated to be bothered?"

"He. Does." Diablo bites the words off, nearly exhaling fire from his nose. "Again, I ask you... do you need something, or can it wait?"

"Wait. It can. I can wait- waiting is what I can do!" Smealum stutters weakly before bowing and scurrying away.

"Great. Do that." Diablo speaks the words to nobody in particular before carrying on. It takes many more minutes of walking before he eventually locates a hidden lever on a wall, down a Labyrinth passage none would ever use- _especially_ if they knew where it led. Pressing his hand against the wall, he mutters in the old Demonic language, 'Elde no'la vernum', and a wall slides open just enough for him to fit his bulk through. Once he passes through, it seals behind him.

Diablo continues walking, occasionally smacking his hands together in a feeble attempt to stop them from shaking, but it does little. Eventually, he enters a grand hallway, expanding outward in every direction with colossal torches, nearly fifty feet high. The flames burning atop each are that of bonfires, signaling the appearance of a demon unlike any before him. Diablo continues walking, but his pace slows as that familiar aura of pure blackness seeps from every corner of the room, intensifying each step he takes.

Soon, it is not a trickle of power, but that of a howling wind, as he arrives at a golden throne, with diamonds, sapphires, and many other exotic gems embedded in every nook and cranny of the thing. Towering a hundred feet tall, the throne is dwarfed only by its occupant, a demon of unthinkable height. Wearing a rich blue and purple robe, the First Emperor hides his face with a black veil, though his blood-red eyes shine through it like a crimson sun over a muddied horizon.

Diablo falls to his knees and prostrates himself, shivering as he feels the gaze of the First beating down on him.

" **Why have you disturbed me, Third Emperor? You know how I loathe trifles.** " His voice is like a hurricane, battering the smaller demon savagely, though Diablo steels himself and carefully grips the red and gold rug that stretches from the throne hundreds of feet to the doorway whence he came.

"I beg your forgiveness. I have only come to speak with you at the urging of the Volgrim, First Emperor... Asmodeus."