Part 151

Agares grimaced as he delivered the news, ready for a thrashing from Diablo.

It never came. Diablo instead turned and vacantly stared out the window of the conference room. The other dukes, kings, and lords stared down at the table as they pondered this.

"Massive battle suits. Why didn't Umi warn us? Isn't that what an Oracle is supposed to do?" Bael, as always, was the first one to break the silence. He was a quick thinker, in the way that he always wanted to get the thinking done as quickly as possible so he didn't have to do any more thinking than necessary.

President Ose shrugged. "Umi has been... quiet." She heaved a sigh. _That's an understatement of the year. I haven't heard anything from her in a large number of ticks._

Diablo's eyes unclouded as he shook his head. He also sighed. "This is growing... tiresome. Many of you were not there for the very beginning of humanity's development... but I was. Along with Satan himself and a few others still alive today, we witnessed a great many things. We learned the true horrors of war."

Diablo stared down at the table, a hint of sorrow almost visible in his eyes. "Demons like Ose and the others were born long after we had constructed the labyrinth. I mean no offense, but you don't know why we live the way we do. It is a necessity. We thought we could eradicate the humans once we had dealt with the angels, but that proved to be untrue."

Bael eyeballed Diablo intently. "Are humans really that dangerous, yet so important for our survival?"

Diablo nodded grimly. "Yes. A few hundred thousand years before the actual plans for the labyrinth were created... demonkind could have gone extinct. We require the presence of humans for a variety of small yet important reasons, just as angels needed humans to give them thought energy... but humans neither need the two of us, nor want us."

Barbatos felt a wave of nausea pass over his face. "Hngh. You must be speaking of the Energy Wars. I've tried to forget those dark days. The terror of what happens when humanity becomes an unstoppable force. The fear I felt every day when we heard the approach of their weaponry."

Diablo rested his chin on his hands. "It's happening again. Only this time, the speed is accelerated, unprecedented, even. Those suits Agares spoke of, they sound like primitive, yet brutally effective versions of the Juggernauts. Not to mention the weapons he explained. Clearly they're using some form of laser technology. That's highly advanced. Only the Wordsmith could take them from the medieval age to the spiritual age, in a manner of weeks."

Mephisto paused. "Forgive me for interrupting, but as I am young and know not of what you speak, what are the... 'Juggerknots'?"

Diablo coughed a little and his voice rasped. "Ah... it's not polite to generally bring them up among the veterans of the Energy Wars. They were brutally efficient, fast, powerful killing machines. It would seem the ones you witnessed required human pilots. The ones I know of were actually drones, piloted remotely by humans or by an Artificial Intelligence. I won't bother explaining what that last one is, you wouldn't understand it."

Mephisto shrugged as he sat back in his seat. "What you are basically saying, is that even if you destroyed those 'Juggerknots', you wouldn't even kill a human inside?"

Diablo grimaced. "Precisely."

"We lost millions of demons. Billions, even. All those centuries we spent preparing for the extermination of the angels, and all that breeding and evolving was pointless in the face of humanity." Barbatos almost appeared as if he had tears in his eyes. "What you younglings don't know is that all surviving demons, especially those like Diablo and I, who were not only survivors of the Energy Wars, but born in the First Age of demonkind... we only pretend to mock humans."

Diablo slumped back in his seat. "No... they deserve mockery. Look at what they've become for the last few millions of years. Cattle for the River. They deserved mockery. But Barbatos speaks the truth. He is the oldest living demon among our kind. We do fear the humans. We need them, but we wish we didn't."

Mephisto leaned forward in his seat. "So, Diablo, if you don't mind me asking... if humans were as unstoppable as you say... how the heavens did we manage to ever win? How could we have possibly come back from an onslaught like the one you speak of?"

Barbatos spoke inside, cackling as he pounded the table with his fist. "Gwaaahahaha! HOW indeed? That's easy, we made a new ally! At the cost of our integrity, we abandoned principles we had held since the first age and made allies among non demons! Gaahahaha!"

His laughter was not genuine. It was insane laughter, tinged with regret.

Diablo swallowed hard. "If only the _Volgrim_ were a laughing matter."