Part 196:

A theory existed, way back when I was a youth. I remember reading about it on the internet once.

The theory goes like this; The first AI to gain sentience would also be the last. Even if two AI's gained sentience at almost exactly the same time, if one of them had even a one second lifespan gain on the other, that one second would be equivalent to a billion years of evolutionary speed.

AI's are actually quite frightening. They would have the ability to think at a level far exceeding human thought. It would be far more advanced than an adult explaining algebra to an ant, though that's the closest approximation my feeble mind can come up with.

A being like this would surely be able to deconstruct and reconstruct anything on a subatomic level with a mere 'thought' or whatever passes for thought in a monster like this. The ability to deconstruct entire solar systems would not be out of the realm of possibilities.

But something else is bothering me. Hoarhiim's warning. _Umi is your enemy_, he once said. At the time, I did not know who Umi was, yet here I stand, with... 'her' in front of me.

I trust Hoarhiim. I do not trust this... Umi.

I turned to Marie for a moment. "Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't a sentient artificial intelligence actually extremely dangerous?"

She shrugged. "Correct, but we have numerous safeguards on her. She can't initiate any protocols, or use any systems without our permission. She can speak, she can theorize, and she can _watch_, but without our passcodes, she can't do anything else."

Watching, huh? Wait, does this mean Umi was the one that I could feel watching me for years? It seemed to have changed at some point. Was that... "How long has Umi been here, inside your bunker?"

Umi answered my question, before Marie could. " _Six years, seven months, nine days, twelve hours, fourteen-_ " I cut her off.

"All right, I get the picture. Before you were here inside the bunker, where were you?"

Umi paused. " _I have no recollection of those memory records._ "

"We erased her memory files before we took her here." Marie shrugged.

I still feel suspicion inside me. "How could you possibly have managed to do that to a highly advanced sentient AI? What if she lied to you or something? You're just an ordinary human, right?"

Marie sighed. "Young man, as I said, I'm the oldest human that has ever lived. To be honest, to live as long as I have, I had to make a deal... a deal with the devil." She paused as memories seemed to pass over her face. "Immortality does not come cheap, you know. But, in becoming immortal, I allowed myself millions of years to evolve my brain. I'm possibly the most intelligent human who has ever lived, and also the only one who could beat an AI at its own game."

Wow, she was certainly not very humble. But still, I find what she's saying to be false sounding. I'm not going to question her anymore, but I have strong doubts. "Well, I'm pretty impressed then. I didn't think it possible, but you seem smarter than even I could have imagined." Hell yeah, I'll just lay some praise on her. Women love that crap.

She rolled her eyes again. "False flattery will get you nowhere. Let's get back to business." Well, never mind then? I really need to watch my mouth. "'Hero', or whatever your name is. I need your help. You have to take responsibility for what you've done."

"Huh? Responsibility? What do you mean?"

"My children died due to your actions. I want you to go and exterminate all the humans that killed them. It's your duty, as the one who armed them."

What?! No way! I can't just go kill people! "Marie, you're being unreasonable. I should go and talk to them first, to find out how it all went down. An eye for an eye is not the best-"

Marie instantly interrupted me. "Excuse me, I don't recall _asking_ your help. You _owe_ me this. It's your fault that my cute little babies are dead or in critical condition! You armed the humans and violated a careful treaty we had established with the demons. If you don't take responsibility, who will?!"

I paused. "Ah, I'm just saying, I should speak with them first. Perhaps there was a misunderstanding, I can't see Cody ordering an assault on-" I felt my words halt as an icy glare erupted from Marie.

"You... little... so this is how it is, huh? My children helped you, gave you aid, and you armed those who killed them, and now you refuse to take responsibility..."

Marie quickly whipped her head around to look at Umi. "Level one authorization, temporary use of force allowed. Neutralize him."

Wait, what?!

WHAM! A blast of energy shot from the ceiling, slamming into my body, feeling like the beam I felt on board that ship from the planet earlier.

I staggered to the ground, falling flat, as the beam quickly drained all my energy. "You... bitch." I let two words slip out as my mind went blank.

"Put him in the rehabilitation chamber. That will show him who wears the pants..."

Those were the last words I heard, as darkness overtook me.
