Part 097 - Hatred

Aaron surveyed the remnants of the battlefield. Bodies of humans, demons, and angels lie everywhere. Bits and pieces of arms, legs, weapons, you name it, they were strewn all over the place.

He stopped at a particularly disgusting corpse that had been mutilated worse than many of the others. It had large gashes torn all throughout it, and chunks of the chest and intestine were missing. This one was likely attacked and partially eaten. His stomach quivered. Not out of nausea, but out of rage.

"These villagers were good people. We didn't make it in time. The whole place perished."

Gabriel walked over and placed a hand on Aaron's shoulder. "Commander Aaron, don't take it so harshly. It's not your fault. Nobody could have predicted a new evolution this soon."

Aaron bit his lip as he fought back emotions. He stared over at the corpse of one of the new demon hybrids. " _Wraiths_. These monsters are so fast. We had preparations for the other four but..." Aaron trailed off as tears came boiling up. "I failed these people, just like I failed my father."

Gabriel took his hand off Aaron's shoulder. "We lost many angels too, you know. Casualties always happen on the field of battle. You shouldn't take it personally, the demons are crafty and tricky. They will always be the enemy of humans and Angels. They always deal in tricks and surprises."

Aaron stared numbly at the carnage in front of him. 25,000. That was the number of dead humans and angels. And the demons had only lost 3,000. "They adapt quickly. They evolve quickly. We can't even react until after they slaughter thousands of us. What hope do we have against these fast breeding monstrosities?"

Gabriel paused and contemplated the young man's words. "Perhaps... you should try to evolve faster than them? You humans have your weapons. With some ingenuity, perhaps you can create new ones to combat the demonic plague."

Aaron sighed. What good is a spear against a demon? Even a shortbow can't take them out at range. Only our copper swords deal damage, but we have to be right in their path. We lose every time.

"Gabriel... thank you. Without the help of the angels, humanity would surely go extinct." Aaron bowed his head lightly as he looked away from the destruction around him.

"No, child. It is a relationship of mutual benefits. Give worship to the one who created you. Be thankful for his blessings. And above all else, never fail to appreciate the gift of life that you were given in this world." Gabriel smiled as he turned around, sprouted wings, and flew up into the sky.

Aaron stared in wonder. To have wings... what a true joy it must be to soar among the clouds like that. He waved goodbye as Gabriel flew away, until he could no longer see him in the distance.