Part 099: Heaven

Gabriel arrived finally, landing at the secret entrance hidden in the mountain of Sinai. After having passed through the holy gate that hid the entrance, and several halls including a short pause at the Halls of Solitude, he found the dimensional rift that sent him to the Other Realm.

A truly marvelous place. The original reason for its creation was lost to eternity, but all gods and angels knew it had been created by the original, the highest God, who bore no known name. Famed throughout time as the Unknowable and the Untouchable, he disappeared, and was never seen or heard from again.

Gabriel entered the clouds of Heaven and entered through the gate that barred his way. He passed many familiar faces along the way, stopping to chat and say hello. He was a well liked angel, one of the Original Seven. Everyone knew his name.

He entered the halls of Olympus, the meeting place of the various gods. Only certain gods were barred from entering here, but their names were sacrilegious and never to be spoken aloud in this holy place.

Gabriel walked up to the throne of Kronos, leader of the Western world. Kronos was the son of Titans, the original beings created by the One who had made the universes. He was a colossal figure, towering over all beings. Titans were massive, like walking mountains. It is said that when they were defeated, their bodies formed the soil of the lands and gave birth to life as we know it.

Whether any of that is true or not remains to be seen.

Gabriel bowed in front of the throne. "King Kronos, it is my honor to speak to you."

Kronos looked down and saw Gabriel at his feet. "Ah, Gabriel. Good of you to return alive. How went the battle?"

Gabriel stiffened as he bowed, and then quickly smoothed himself and rose up to face the King of gods. "My lord, we are losing badly. The humans are being slaughtered, and even our forces have difficulty dealing with the demon hordes."

Kronos paused, staring long and hard at Gabriel. "Hmm. It is as you say. And the thought energy? Are we collecting it? Are the humans giving it freely?"

Gabriel nodded. "There is still much resistance, but many of the humans are now even openly worshiping us. Every time they pray, they give us much thought energy to combat the demons with."

Kronos smirked. "Good. As long as they do that, we will win this awful war. It's not like the humans have need of it anyway." He leaned back and sat straight on his throne. "Gabriel, soon we will have enough thought energy to create the first Cosmos Class angel. I want you to know that due to your diligent work, I have selected you to receive this honor."

Gabriel, not one to usually show heavy emotions, gasped at this revelation. "M-my King! Such an honor...? You think me worthy of it?"

Kronos nodded sagely. "Indeed. You have killed more demons now than any other angel, even five of our mightiest angels combined would not equal your might. You are clearly the mightiest."

Gabriel slowly shook his head. "But, of Michael and Raphael, I am only the third-"

Kronos raised a hand to silence him and then glared down at Gabriel. "You're not about to reject an offer by your King, are you? Raphael and Michael are their own beings. You are skilled at battle, they have far many other contributions to make. You will receive this honor graciously."

Gabriel nodded, dumbfounded at the news. He bowed his head humbly. "Yes, my liege. I will do as you command. Until then, I will keep fighting for the sake of the humans."

" _Angels_." Kronos clarified, a tinge of venom in his voice. "You fight for the angels. Understood?"

Gabriel nodded again quickly. "Of course, my liege. Of course. Just... a small slip of the tongue."

"Good. I don't like mistakes. You've done very well for yourself so far, and soon you will be on a level high enough to collect your own thought energy from the humans. Try not to sympathize with them too much. They are just vermin to be used, after all."

Gabriel nodded. "I understand. I shall take my leave."

Kronos smiled, his expression softening visibly. "Good, begone then. And Gabriel... take care of yourself. If you die before the energy is collected, someone else will have to become the first."

Gabriel nodded. "Don't worry, my king. I will not be killed by the monstrosities below us. I would never allow that to happen."
