Part 367a: Battle For Neptune

_January 6th, 2121._

"Original. They'll be here in ten seconds."

The clone at the helm of the Mothership glances over at me and I nod back at him. "Are the planetary defensive matrices online?"

He doesn't even hesitate. "They are. Six seconds now."

"Is the fleet's exact arrival position pinpointed?"

"Affirmative. Two seconds."

I look upwards at the helm's viewscreen right as they arrive. Decelerating from hyperspace in a matter of seconds, clusters of starships arrive at the edge of Terran space, just barely within Pluto's orbit. As I watch, more and more keep arriving. Hundreds. Thousands. Tens of thousand. I lose visual track of how many dots are arriving in seconds and soon even the enhanced vision of the Mothership's scanning system is having trouble telling them apart.

"Ten thousand- no, twenty.... twenty five... thirty..." The clone at Comms reads the numbers off even as I look over and see the count rocketing up at an unbelievable rate.

He hasn't even finished reading before he pauses and speaks up. "We're getting a communication from one of the ships in the vanguard. Tough to tell which one, but it's probably their command ship."

"Onscreen." I breathe the word out, and a second later a face appears before me. A face I haven't seen in...

"Jason Hiro, also known as Judicator. I am Nufaris, leader of the Volgarian Enclave. If you surrender now, I will spare humanity."

"Long time no see." I take a couple steps forward and examine the face of a familiar Volgarian before me. He has a few major facial scars, some that cut deep, and others that are delicate, almost like a surgeon took his time with a knife. Personal dispute? Tough to tell. "That's not going to happen."

"You all but exterminated our people. We're back to repay the favor. Surrender or death are your only options."

"I suppose a mutually accepted peace isn't on the table? I killed trillions of you before, I can do it again."

"Unlikely." Nufaris hisses the word at me as he strokes his chin. "There aren't a trillion Volgrim left for you to kill. Of course, once we wipe your kind from the universe, that will eventually change."

I almost feel bored by this exchange. "You were all but destroyed by a superior foe and yet you came back for a second round? You're a glutton for punishment. What makes you think things will turn out differently compared to last time?"

"Your abilities are troublesome. However, they are not omnipotent. The fact you're having a friendly chat with me right now rather than begging for forgiveness is proof of that." Nufaris has been staring blankly at me the whole time, but now a very creepy smile spreads across his face. I've never known him to show emotion in the few times I've seen him, and considering his mouth full of shark-like razor sharp teeth, it's an unsettling image.

My scanning officer quickly taps the mute button on our side. "A hundred thousand ships now. Still climbing."

A hundred thousand? That's a lot. We have about that many now, but our ships are far bigger and more powerful overall, plus they're enhanced by my wordsmithing. Their metal is ten times thicker and tougher than ordinary blast-steel, meaning a blast from any weapons the Volgrim used before would be ineffective. They'd need to have innovated on a whole other scale above and beyond what they used before to beat us now.

"I'm not going to beg for anything. You showed up in my star system, so this time I'll finish what I started."

I make a quick motion to my Comms officer and he shuts off the video feed. "That was a boring conversation anyway."

Sensei walks over from across the room and opens up the front of his mask. He seems worried. "I find it hard to believe the Volgrim would be crushed so efficiently and yet come back unprepared. They have magic nullifiers placed on every ship, making readings impossible to obtain. Their hulls have some sort of reflective coating we've never seen before, possibly nanobot enhanced, so we can't penetrate with ordinary scanners either. We can't even teleport inside with Wordsmithing."

"They're blocking us out." I murmur to myself right as the fireworks start. Their entire fleet unloads on ours, and we retaliate in kind a few seconds later. "What are they trying to hide, though?"

"135,000 enemy ships now, Original." The scanning officer chimes in again, making me wonder why they're going so far with this all out assault.

It's just suicidal. Our forces are far stronger than theirs. We will destroy them with ease.

I guess the Volgrim are either really stupid, or really clever. We'll find out soon.

....................................................................

"Seventy percent of the fleet has arrived, the rest are holding back for the final attack." A Volgrim lieutenant spoke up from across the bridge and Nufaris made no motion to acknowledge. "The initial salvos are firing."

"Don't hold back. The faster we wipe them out, the better. Once charged, target their shield generators with the Ryden beam cannons. Follow up immediately with three waves of Phoenix missiles. Keep repeating until they come up with a counter attack. Then we will switch to the secondary attack pattern." The highest ranked Volgrim watched emotionlessly as their initial attacks began. _More like 'if' they come up with a counter attack,_ he thought to himself.

"As you wish, Executor Nufaris."

Nufaris felt his face twitch. It did that a lot lately. The wounds might never fully heal. Still, if a few scars were necessary for the survival of the Volgrim race, they were a small price to pay.

A particularly bright patch of light lit up the distant void of space, only to vanish a moment later. Nufaris tilted his head to look at a nearby crewman's data readout. Apparently one of the human's ships was already down, and a critical hit had detonated their ship's central reactor.

Nufaris kept a smile to himself. Until the boil known as humanity had been lanced, there was no cause for celebration. They would be cut down, just as the other Founders had been.

_Unarin is gone. Dosena, Trayza... all of them. They were a symbol of the old age. Weak, ineffective, unable to understand the threat the humans posed. The only way to wipe out a pest is by killing it at its source._

Despite his thoughts, he found himself slowly shaking his head. It didn't have to be this way. If they hadn't plotted against him, they could have stayed in power. If they hadn't constantly questioned his every order... always complaining about how Unarin would do things differently...

"Executor, we have just destroyed a hundred of their ships. In return, we have lost seventy-nine of our own." The lieutenant from earlier spoke up, as he pointed at a readout on his screen.

"I had expected the losses to be closer. We're doing well. Is the penetration threshold higher or lower than expected?"

"Higher, Executor. Each impact from the Ryden beam nullifies close to 90% of their defenses."

"Interesting. They must be relying on that special energy of theirs more than they did in the past. This is good news for us."

....................................................................

"What's going on? They're slaughtering us out there!" I turn my head from one monitor to another and back rapidly as the reports come in. Already a hundred of our ships are gone, and it's been less than two minutes since combat began. If those numbers keep up, this fight will be over much sooner than I'd like, and we won't be the winners.

"Some kind of anti-energy cannon! It's wiping away the reinforcement magic that layers all of our ship! Not only that but-" He flinches as there's another massive explosion to our starboard side.

Sensei is very agitated, and I can't blame him. "If they came up with a way to nullify our reinforcement magic, then we'll have to reinforce with other alternatives. We should boost our shield generators with wordsmithing. The shields seem to negate a lot of the impact from their anti-energy beams."

I feel my heart flutter slightly as another explosion appears in the space nearby. "We only have 30,000 clones between over 97,000 ships. We can only reinforce a third of our military that way."

Sensei looks away from me uneasily. "We could just... make more clones."

"You and I both know that's a bad idea."

"Creating me was a bad idea. You're way past the realm of bad ideas at this point." Sensei's words sting me in a way I haven't felt in a while before I finally turn away.

"Fine. All second level to seventh generation clones should clone themselves. Eighth to twelfth should continue doing their best."

"That will only give us ten thousand clones though." Sensei bites his lip. "Aw, fuck it. Better to reinforce half the fleet than a third."

"That's the spirit." My words ring hollow though, because I _really_ don't want to make more clones.

Sensei quickly sends out a mental order to other clones nearby, and they in turn spread the order around rapidly like a spiderweb. Within a minute, all the needed players have received their orders.

After than, most of the clones on my bridge teleport to other ships and soon it's literally just Sensei and I.

"Harold, put us on autopilot. Do what you can for now, but having us out of the battle won't make much of a difference."

He appears in my mind, though he's rather fuzzy since he's spreading himself thin coordinating with thousands of other ships. "Yeap, I'm workin' on it, boy! Don't tell me what to do!"

"Sorry." I leave him to his tasks before looking back at Sensei. "Is this it? The readings indicated a fleet way bigger than this."

"I don't know. The Volgrim might be trying to pull something."

Both of us feel on edge, but there's not a lot we can do.

"Something is bothering me. How did Nufaris know my name was Jason Hiro? I never told him that. Also, he mentioned my abilities... does he know about Wordsmithing too?"

Sensei shrugs. "If he does know, that implies insider knowledge. That demon, Yama, also mentioned Wordsmithing by name to me when we fought. Satan knows about it too, and-"

I quickly interrupt him. "Yama knows? You didn't mention that before."

He immediately averts his eyes from mine. "It wasn't that big of a deal at the time. I just figured given we were interrupted by news of the Volgrim attack force, we would maybe pick up on that conversation later."

"We didn't. That's kind of a big oversight, don't you think?"

Sensei does something shocking. He glares at me. "Don't patronize me! We've got the whole of the Volgrim army bearing down on us, and you care about some demon on Earth?! This is clearly bigger!"

His verbal assault makes me take a step back, before he takes a quick breath. "Sorry, I didn't mean that."

"Yeah. It's... it's fine. Obviously you were going to mention it eventually, we've just been busy. That's... my bad."

Both of us look at each other, and for once, I feel a weird tension that I haven't experienced with him before.

"I'm going to go help out on the front lines." Sensei abruptly turns and walks away, not bothering to say goodbye. A moment later, he exits the room, and I'm left staring blankly at where he had just been standing.

I feel like something significant just happened, and I'm not sure what.

But after this battle, I'm going to find out.

....................................................................

_Slippy good boy! Slippy do what Slippy told!_

The tiny imp clutched the large spherical device to his chest as he ran forwards, huffing and puffing while he tried to keep his stamina up.

_Everybody count on Slippy! Slippy always do good job!_

His tongue flopped out of his mouth as he ran, panting like a dog, up the snowy slope. The cave they had pointed him towards was there, all right. Slippy's eyes bulged open as he spotted it.

_There it is! Oh boy! Slippy so excited to be useful!!!_

A minute later, he tripped over his own feet but landed safely in the cave after making a terrific jump across two feet of a gap. He pulled himself up, still clutching the device in his arms as he spotted a massive, glowing door. Or at least it looked sort of like a door.

_Oh wow! Slippy see portal! Slippy know what to do!_

He charged forwards, racing into the portal without a care in the world. It was similar to the ones he'd heard other demons talk about, but he was only a few days old. He'd never gotten to actually use one before.

The experience was jarring, but he arrived on the other side without any special drama occurring. Immediately, he was staring at two pairs of legs as a duo of massive angels stared ahead with bored expressions in their eyes at the portal before them.

It barely took them an instant to realize the portal had shifted. By the time they looked down, the imp was already running past their feet.

"Hey! What the blazes? Is that an imp?!"

_Run! Bad guys! Danger! Slippy has to press button on toy! Slippy know what to do!_

Slippy ran past them with a stupidly huge smile on his face even as the angels started to chase after him. They were far faster than him. Soon, the little vagrant would pay for entering the territory of Heaven.

Slippy shot a look behind his head. The big bad guys were almost on him.

_Yikes! Gonna grab me! Slippy press big red button now!_

The little imp giggled to himself as he pressed the button and hurled the metal device forwards.

The angels near the entrance to heaven grabbed the little guy and glared at him, though their gaze quickly shifted to the small grenade-sized object he had thrown.

One beep. Two beeps. Three beeps. A little red light activated on the top of the orb as it came to rest on the ground.

_Slippy scared! Bad guys have Slippy! How Slippy escape?_

A moment later, the device exploded.

Chaos.

A massive amount of energy poured out of the device as all of the power within was released, ripping a hole in space itself as a colossal sphere of energy formed, tearing skin from bone and shredding all life in the immediate radius around it.

Several seconds later, all the angels within several hundred feet were dead, as was Slippy. A shifting phantom-like apparition appeared as a black portal formed itself and Satan stepped through.

"Excellent. Let's begin."
