Part 314a: Appearances

Daisy had always considered herself a strong girl, able to fend for herself, especially thanks to her uncle's training. Even without him though, she knew she was far more powerful than any other human on Earth, and that had always helped give her the confidence to stand up to threats that would make others cower in terror.

But now she lay trembling against a wall as the strength in her body was nearly nonexistent. The door to the room opened up as a disgusting green monster lumbered in, its body towering 8 feet tall as it held a massive battleaxe in its primary hand, dragging the heavy object behind itself as it stomped forwards.

Daisy's fingers shook as the creature drew closer. She wasn't an expert on demonology, but she knew this monster in one glance; _Orc_. Known for tearing people apart with its bare hands, it had very little magical energy to speak of, but was immensely strong, having the power of twenty men holed up inside its body.

As the hideous beast drew closer, she turned her face away and closed her eyes, as tears started to stream out.

"Hello little girl. Grok here to walk you to exit. Grok not hurt you."

The terrifying monstrosity grumbled the words out, his vocal tone sounding more depressed than violent. Daisy blinked her eyes open, as she realized he was standing still, breathing slowly at the doorway.

"G-Grok? Is that your name?"

The teenage girl fought her fear as she swallowed hard, forcing her trembling to stop with her willpower alone.

"Yes. Grok am good orc, do what master Marie say do. Here, put neck thing on." Grok fumbled around in his pocket with his free hand clumsily as he plunked it on the ground in front of her. "It make you not use magic. Grok not scared, but these am rules."

Daisy frowned as she glanced up at the monster before her. Despite his unpleasant appearance, unkempt and matted down body hair, and the smell of blood all over himself, he didn't seem to be too awful overall. She carefully leaned forwards, falling over as she grossly overestimated the remaining strength in her body. After a moment, she pulled herself forwards, grasping the inhibitor necklace carefully as she pulled it towards herself and wrapped it around her neck.

Grok watched silently as she put it on, nodding contentedly as she slumped back to the ground. "You am look very tired. Grok turn off magic stop thingy now. You need Grok carry you?"

Daisy coughed weakly. "No... I c-can walk... I think."

Grok nodded as he reached up to the top of the wall, tapping a hidden panel three times before typing in a thirty digit code into a secret panel. How he had managed to memorize such a long and complex series of numbers, despite being such a dumb-looking being, was beyond her.

After a minute, Daisy suddenly felt the air in the room lighten up. Instead of a crushing feeling sapping the strength from her body, she instead simply felt blinded from being unable to access her abilities, yet her body itself was unaffected, only her mind was unable to use magic properly.

As she pulled herself up, the moment she stood, Grok handed her a pair of handcuffs. "You put on. Hands behind back. Marie give order, Grok follow."

Daisy nodded nervously as she took the solid steel cuffs, placing them on one of her wrists, then putting her hands behind her back, she clicked the other hand into position.

She felt incredibly helpless in this position, but she was somewhat sure that if push came to shove, she could run away and find some way to yank the inhibitor necklace off. The strap that looped around her neck was merely made of a few small strings, and it wasn't even locked into place with a key. _If the goal of this necklace is to render the prisoner helpless, it's actually poorly made._

Daisy nodded carefully as she glanced back up at the massive orc. "I put them on, alright?"

"Good. Grok make sure pretty girl get to exit safely. Grok lose honor if he fail. Come, we leave now."

...

A few minutes later, Daisy and Grok were walking down various hallways in seemingly random directions as Grok patiently seemed to focus down the exact path to the exit without even needing a map. As they walked, Daisy felt unnerved by the silent walking, so she decided to start up a conversation. "M-mister Grok, was it? What do you do in the labyrinth?"

Grok stayed silent for a few moments before replying. "Grok do what others tell him do. Grok do bit of this and that. Sometimes Grok sent clean jail cells, other times he need fight those who make hurt. Grok not like to fight."

As they walked, Daisy cocked an eyebrow. "You don't like to fight? But you're an orc. Don't orcs love to fight?"

"Yes. Grok not very good orc though, Grok wimpy, get beat up. Grok just want go home to mate, she why Grok do what told to do."

"Oh, you have a mate? What's her name?" Daisy felt interested in the life of this monster, having never spoken to one face-to-face before. All she knew of demons was what she had been told by others, and what she had seen in battle. To learn they had actual social lives and weren't just mindless violent creatures...

"Grok mate named Chesha. Chesha bear Grok several orc spawn. Forty five orc spawn in big chamber, many will be dead by this place. Grok not like, but these am rules of Satan."

Grok walked stoically, but Daisy thought she noticed a slight slump in his shoulders as he spoke of his... 'spawn' dying. Were they his children, then? It made sense, who would want to see their children die in a senseless war?

"Do you... hate the humans?"

Daisy continued asking him questions, finding his life to be much more interesting than one would expect. "Grok not hate anyone. Grok want all be friends, he wish people and demon no fight. Do not be scared, Grok make sure nobody hurt you." Grok did something unexpected as he said this; he smiled. It was a hideous smile, exposing crooked brown teeth that were all stunted in various directions, evidence of poor hygiene and far too many blows to the face, but Daisy smiled back at him as they talked.

"I like you too, Grok. I'll protect you too, how about that?"

Grok released a strange, throaty cough, probably some form of a chuckle. "Funny girl. Grok much stronger than small one. Grok make fight for girl, even if he no like fight. Grok am good spawn, make brood mother proud of him." He punched his chest enthusiastically, making Daisy blush slightly as her grin widened.

"You're all right, Grok. I'll make sure to remember you, any time humans have to fight demons. I will do what I can to end this war, even if my uncle hates demons irrationally."

Grok nodded slowly as they rounded another corner. "Hmm. Your father... he am king of humans? Marie say he kill many orc, many demon. Grok not hate him, he just do what others do. When hit, you hit back. Nobody know who start war, it just go on forever."

"Yeah... war never ends."

Daisy swallowed hard as her radiant smile faded away. Truth be told, being only seventeen years old, she didn't know anything about this war. A planet was destroyed because of it, there had been massive space battles, a time traveler, demons and angels and heroes and aliens... it was too much for her mind to figure out.

But this first meeting with Grok changed something in her heart, something she wouldn't have figured out for a long time otherwise. This war... it needed to end.

And it needed to end soon, for those like Grok, who simply desired to live peaceful lives.

Uncle Vasily would hear about this when she made it back home.

I stepped out of the London palace onto a balcony that overlooked all of London, noting enthusiastically that it was raining outside. I haven't actually seen rain in years, having been cooped up on the Mothership, but this is a nice change of pace.

As I let the rain fall on my face, I pause to let it all soak in. The city here, at first glance, seems the same as ever before, with one important difference... there are few visible lights at this time of night. The moon shines brightly in the sky, looming overhead as it always does to illuminate the world around me, but the houses and buildings for miles in any direction are mostly dark.

I've heard that the city wasn't doing so well financially, but the scene before me expresses that sentiment in the bleakest of ways. The power is either cut or residents can't afford it in various areas. I had always thought replicators would create a post-scarcity world, but the one thing people still need is energy. It wasn't an issue when my clones were around, as we could just mass-create coal or whatever other resource we needed, defying the laws of energy conservation. But without my cheat magic, the city has fallen to pieces, since they can't disobey those laws of physics I so gallantly stomped on.

In all honesty though... this bothers me. Stonewall is so dead set on humanity fending for themselves, he's letting the lights go off all around his capital city and pouring all his money into extermination of the demons, rather than fixing the broken lives of the humans closest to him. If this is how he treats his friends, what will that say about how he treats his enemies?

I guess setting his pride behind him and asking for my help is going to take a long time. I can't expect anything of him, but I can certainly hope.

Tapping on my holo-watch, I bring up several videos and images of the girl in question. She's a cutie, with long brown hair and well-defined muscles. She's not masculine or anything, but clearly she gets in strength training or aerobics exercise or something.

The images all show her looking like she's 15 or 16, so maybe these are just old files. Still, it irks me that the demons would be so cowardly as to kidnap a defenseless little girl. Did they perhaps break into Stonewall's mansion or something? Just pathetic. I knew Satan wasn't the kindest of souls, but resorting to ransom demands or political moves against children was far more evil than I'd expected from even him in the past. Come to think of it, those are odd thoughts, given he's the freaking devil.

" **Locate.** "

I speak the word and my mind searches the cosmos, the vast emptiness of space, the infinitely numbered stars and solar systems, as it finally settles on a far distant void that leads into another dimension. In seconds, my mind latches onto a single drop of humanity in a sea of blackness, zooming downwards to reveal the face of the girl that I seek. My breath is almost taken away, as her beauty is even more unbelievable when seen 'in person', so to speak. She has matured elegantly, but now appears to be wearing a... white set of armor? Actually, it resembles what I've seen of Enforcer armor, though as far as Agent X has told me, there are only green, red, and black level Enforcers. Perhaps she was cosplaying or something...? Her face is white as snow and she seems to be deep in thought, likely about how she might escape her predicament.

As I have that thought, I pull my vision back and feel my body twitch as a slight panic comes and goes. She has her wrists bound behind her and is being led around by the biggest, meanest, ugliest looking orc I've ever seen. Most orc species and subspecies are around my size, at seven feet tall, but this one is damn near 8 feet tall, maybe even breaking that height barrier... and he has thick arms that look like he could crush boulders just by looking at them the wrong way.

Against me, of course, he's a non-issue... but against a defenseless child, if I were to move in the wrong way, he could kill her in the blink of an eye. Not good.

Hmm. I can't just rush in there, even if pulling her out would take a single second. She has some sort of nullification device around her neck, likely to prevent someone from magically teleporting her out of the labyrinth... such as myself. Considering the massive axe that orc is carrying, he might just be leading her to an execution. Which would be ridiculous, given that she must be a political hostage, but still... it's worth considering.

I'm going to have to come up with a plan, and fast. If I don't get her out of there, who knows what will happen to her...
