Part 147:

It's morning now. I wake up and maybe 25% of my energy has refilled, if that. I... don't remember actually falling asleep last night. Merciful Christ, I may be a God-King now, but I may need my own hero to save me after last night.

My eyes flutter open and the bright sunlight makes me want to close them again. Samantha is sleeping on top of me, while Cassiel is on my right side, wrapped all around and over me, as she usually is.

An interesting predicament, to be sure. Since I took the crown off and it's on the table a few feet away, it won't be able to help me escape this situation, though I'm not so sure I _want_ to escape. Eventually, I just cast "Sleep" on Cassiel and Samantha both, and I get up, placing them both down in the bed behind me. They'll be out for another 3 or 4 hours more, according to the strength of the spell I used.

Today is an important day. I will be re-entering the labyrinth and I have to make sure Hero City is ready to go. If I leave it behind without making sure things are going smoothly, I could come back and find the entire place destroyed. I can't have that.

While those two sleep, I have some work to do.

I have been thinking about my battle with Hope. He silenced me, using my own wordsmithing. I may have been able to win without wordsmithing, if only just because my body is extremely powerful now, but it stands to reason that being silenced is always going to be a pretty big problem.

So it's simple, I need a way to prevent myself from being silenced. I need something that protects me from negative status effects. Not just silence, even. I need a way to protect myself against other effects, like sleep, or paralysis.

I go outside and sit in the warm morning sun. It's nice out here... it really is. I aim my hand at myself. " _Reflect._ "

I feel a faint aura surround me. What will this reflect though? I tried to visualize status debuffs, but that could mean anything. Hmm. " _Modify. Enemy._ "

I don't know if 'modify' works, but _something_ seems to have changed. If I'm lucky, maybe I can think of ways to modify long term buffs and debuffs with it... In any case, I won't know until I fight in a battle, but it will hopefully prove to be useful.

And now I find myself thinking about Cassiel's request. She wants to be useful in battle, was it? I can't say I have a problem with that. She might feel weak and vulnerable if all she is, is a support character. Maybe I can buff her somehow.

...

Aha! It's so obvious. I couldn't do it before, but I can now! I reach my hand out once again.

" _Armor._ "

A set of pure white female armor appears in front of my hand. _Valkyrie armor_, to be specific. I can't think of anything more appropriate for her. She even has the pure white angelic wings that lore used to speak of. I'd like to make some armor for Samantha, but I'm not sure if she would... um... wear it... And in any case, with armor, one also needs a weapon. I've got that covered too.

" _Vibrosword_."

A weapon appears, a slender and thin sword, one with energy that can be activated on the blade, allowing one to cut through nearly anything by making the blade vibrate at a specific frequency. Not exactly a lightsaber, but close enough.

" _Sharpen! Sharpen! Sharpen! Strengthen!_ "

The sword is insanely sharp now. Lightly touching it to anything will cause said thing to split nearly instantly. I test this on one of my fingers, very gently touching my finger against the sword. My fingers splits and starts bleeding all over the place.

Hm... I still only have a normal human's vitality when it comes to healing wounds. Better fix that.

" **Regeneration! Regeneration! Regeneration!** "

I look down and my finger wound is healed. Ohohoho... I touch my finger to the sword again, it splits open, and the moment I pull it away, it heals itself in a flash. _Interesting_. I should have done this sooner.

I'm beginning to wonder what else I can do with my powers. I've never really experimented in the last ten years, but I need to start.

Hey, maybe I can make a gun now. I failed in the past, but I wasn't smart back them.

I aim my hand at the ground, and mentally picture a familiar weapon from an old TV show I remember. " _Blaster_."

A small, handheld blaster forms after a few minutes of my mind concentrating on the mechanical details. This looks very similar to Han Solo's weapon, hehe. I'm kind of excited now.

I raise my hand up and cast another spell. " _Target._ " A target appears for me to test the blaster on.

When I aim it at the target, no sounds are emitted, no bolt of light shoots out, but the instant I press the trigger, the target fucking _explodes_. Holy shit!

Now that I think about it, that makes sense. Those old movies always showed beams of light that seemed to shoot more slowly than bullets. I mean, when you fire a bullet, you never see it travel at all. Why would something traveling the speed of light somehow be _visible_?...This may be a really potent weapon.

In fact, I need to get one of these to Colonel Cody before I leave. Ah... _Colonel_ Cody. I... need to rectify that. To be honest, I don't think he's as good of a leader as Adams was, but since Adams is dead now... it can't be helped. We need a new king, and I will have to make sure that the king is announced properly this time.

Well then, I was going to let the girls sleep, but they might as well wake up. It's been a couple hours and they've gotten more sleep than I did. We need to start and finish the preparations today, and be gone by tonight.

I just have this feeling that I need to leave _soon_. I can't explain it with words.
