Part 408b: Echoes Of The Past

My consciousness swims, as if I'm trapped in the ocean under a sheet of ice, and I can't escape. I open my mouth to speak, but feel a painful sensation in my chest, as if I'm running out of air, but I can tell it's a figment of my imagination.

Suddenly a robotic male voice speaks up. "Calm down, Master Hiro. Take a deep breath. The pain is all in your imagination."

I wheeze finally and fall down a long dark shaft, slamming onto a floor I can't even see. Then, I realize my eyes have been closed the whole time. When I open them, I'm in a pure white room, where the walls, floor, and ceiling have no seams dividing them. It's a white expanse as far as I can see.

"Wh-where am I?"

A floating head appears in front of me, its entire structure made out of rolling ones and zeroes. It reminds me of a movie I watched a few years ago in my time reference. "You are inside the Memory Molder's system interface, Master Hiro. I am Gyro, and it is a pleasure to see you once more. Based on the brain map I have from your previous foray into my system, I can tell that you are a different Jason Hiro than you used to be. Even your deoxyribonucleic acid molecules are substantially altered!"

His voice is elegant, refined, like a British Butler from a movie I saw. I start to ask who he is, but he reads my mind. "Before you ask, my form varies depending on the person I am speaking to. My appearance is designed to be the least threatening being a person can imagine, to help guide them through the memory backup and recovery process."

"Oh. I see. Uh... so, what do I do, then?"

"I do not understand the question, Master Hiro. I presume you came to backup your memory or view previously stored data. Do you not recall?"

I stare at him silently for a few moments before blinking in surprise. "Right, I remember now. I need to learn more about the past of Jason 12F. I thought Ben Brown was going to show me memories of my past."

Gyro shakes his head at me and floats to my side, examining my body slowly. "Mmm. Certainly not. This is a self-guided process. You tell me what you want to see, and I take you there! Everything in here is done according to your will."

I nod and puff my lip out thoughtfully. "Very well, I think I want to start from the beginning. From what I understand, this Jason and I share similar early lives, right up until I entered the cryopod. Can you take me to the day before his- I mean, _my_ 18th birthday?"

Gyro blinks three times rapidly. "Request submitted. Receiving authorization. Authorization accepted. Loading memory."

...

Instantly, the white room vanishes, and I'm inside a familiar space, one I was at barely even a month ago by my internal clock's count. It's my messy apartment, from before I entered the cryopod, and everything is just the way I remembered it.

"Today's the day." My mouth opens and my voice speaks, but it's not me talking. My body stands up, of its own free will and begins moving around. I somehow detach myself and float away, watching in silent wonder as if my soul was torn out forcefully, yet without pain. Below myself, another version of me walks into the bathroom and starts brushing his teeth.

"What's going on, Gyro? Why is that guy- err, me, walking around? What am I looking at?"

His face appears next to mine and watches the other me brush and gargle. "This is your past, of course. I am not certain what altered your genetic makeup, but it is evident you do not recall anything about the Memory Molding process. You may choose the detailed walkthrough of your memories, where you replay everything as if you were the one in control, or you may watch in observer mode."

"So this is observer mode, right now?"

"Correct."

The memory version of Jason 12F's past continues going about his business, getting dressed and preparing to leave, all while making me feel a sense of déjà vu. I've done all of this myself. Even as he starts to walk out the door, I know where he's going. He's heading to the Cryotek facility to be frozen. It's that same feeling of hopelessness that I once felt; the belief that my life was so worthless, I might as well just donate my body to science. And look at me now, a god among men.

I hover along after him and watch as he speaks to his landlord, the two of them have a rather heated conversation quite different from the one I had with mine, he then marches past the familiar big-box stores, and eventually arrives at the Cryotek facility. The man up front takes his card and asks if he's participant number eight. This is a little different from what I remember, though. When I entered the facility, the man seemed perplexed that I'd need to sign in, as if I had already been there before.

12F sits in a chair in the waiting area and stares ahead blankly at an analog clock on the wall, watching its hands slowly shift towards each position on the dial.

Minutes pass, and I start feeling antsy. "Fast forward to where something happens."

Gyro nods and the scene rapidly speeds up as people pop in and out of the building, and it stops just as a man enters the room. He's wearing a dark black suit and looks like a government official.

"You need to come with me, Jason Hiro."

He speaks to 12F, and ushers him outside into a black van with three other intimidating men. The situation looks dire. I never saw these men when I entered the cryopod, so this must be where our memories split. As the door on the van closes, the world around me vanishes.

"What happened to the environment?"

Gyro smiles slightly. "Naturally we can only render the system as you would have seen it. Once the van closes, you have no ability to see anything outside of it. Such is the nature of Memory Molding."

"But he, I mean... _I_ never looked anywhere but forward. How could you know how to render the people walking in the door?"

"I am a highly sophisticated artificial intelligence, Master Hiro. I have the ability to infer a great many things from bits and pieces of memory. Most of the visible area outside your field of view is still something you observed at one point in your life, so I reconstructed it from leftover memory data. Naturally, there is also the matter of your auditory and olfactory senses, which provide me with extra data to determine what is going on around you at any given time."

Most of his explanation goes over my head, so I just nod along. "Oh, okay. Well if I can't see anything outside of the van, let's jump ahead to wherever it's going."

"Most certainly."

I nearly fall over as the world morphs around me, and soon I end up in a room that reminds me of interrogation rooms from those old cop shows I watched as a kid. There's even a security camera and a one-way glass mirror facing inside.

While the other Jason sits in a chair and occasionally gets up to pace around the room, I walk out and to the other side of the mirror. I can't see anything, of course. "I'm guessing you couldn't render whatever's on the other side of this mirror, huh?"

"Correct. It is not something you were able to see at this moment in time." Gyro pauses and stares straight ahead for a second. "Revision, I have access to Marie Becker's mental logs in addition to yours. Given she was on the other side of this glass, I can reproduce what she was seeing. Would you like to use your admin clearance to access her memories? You are an approved viewer, naturally."

I raise an eyebrow at his words. "I can access Marie Becker's memories?"

"Correct. However, twenty-nine percent of her memories are restricted to Root Admin access. Only Miss Becker may enable access to those."

_Hmm. Only Marie can, eh? I'll keep that in mind._

"Well, anyway, let's see her perspective of this scene, then."

"Confirmed. Loading Memory file #07022016874112. File loaded. Processing data. Converting to visible format."

The world shifts quickly and I can easily see the room behind the mirror now. Marie is standing there, looking much younger and more beautiful than she does now. Either she was a goddess at applying makeup, or she's only about twenty-four years old at this point in the memory timeline.

"So this is the guy, huh? He lives in the place where we located the energy signature?"

She turns to another man sitting there and stares at him questioningly. He nods slowly. "Yeah, not a chance it was anyone else. Found him in Cryotek's facility, then brought him straight here."

"That's what I want to hear. I'll handle the interrogation myself. Hand me his dossier, and I'll head in."

"Yes, ma'am." He passes Marie a thick manila folder, and wordlessly she walks into the room where the other Jason is sitting. At this point, my memories are extremely different from his. I don't have a clue what's going to happen, and it fills me with apprehension, as well as a feeling of excitement. I'm watching a story of Earth's history happening through the eyes of someone who shares the same face as me, and little else.

Marie sits down across the table from him and starts talking. She accuses him of something involving energy signatures and other stuff I don't understand, and he merely sits there resolutely until she's done talking.

"What's all this about, lady? Am I finally going to get some answers?"

Marie shakes her head. "I'm asking the questions here, Mr. Hiro. What were you doing in your house this morning?"

"Getting ready to leave. I had an appointment, one you callously dragged me away from."

His voice has an edge to it. He seems angry for irrational reasons I can't put my finger on, but the way he expresses himself feels distinctly similar to myself.

Marie takes his anger in stride. "Your appointment can be put off until later." She glances at her watch. "And if it can't, well, they will just have to deal with it."

She waves a hand at the door and smiles at him. "You'll be taken to your cell now. I'll grab you shortly, and we can run some tests to confirm my hypothesis."

The door opens, and two men walk in, aiming their guns at him. Jason 12F looks annoyed, but stands up without resistance and is led away, while Marie watches him leave. Once he's gone, she sighs. "Honestly, we might have the wrong person. He didn't appear to possess any Heroic Powers. He's just an angsty teenager."

A voice speaks from the other room over the intercom. "Appearances can be deceptive, Agent Becker."

"I'm aware." She stands up and knocks on the glass lightly. "Give him ten minutes to sweat a little bit. I'm going to go have a quick smoke, and we'll take him in for testing afterward."

"Sure, I'll get right on that."

She sniffles and walks through the back door out to where the smoking area is, but this doesn't interest me much.

"Gyro, jump ahead to their next encounter. Get to the good stuff."

The robot stares at me blankly. "The 'good stuff,' Master Hiro? I do not understand the command."

"Just jump forward thirty minutes."

"As you wish."

I feel my brain get sucked around, and I instantly appear in a room staring at that familiar Jason once again, only this time he's sitting in a medical chair with small pads and wires slapped all over his body, while he is wearing nothing but underwear.

_Uh, what led up to this scene?_ I don't really want to know, so I ignore that internal question.

Marie walks over from around a monitor, holding up a stylus and digital pad from a company I don't recognize. It's probably made by the military or something. "Well, the test results are conclusive. You're the one we were looking for."

A flash of anger spreads over his face. "The hell I am! You guys kidnapped me, took me from the normal world into this crazy facility, did all these tests, and now you're acting like I'm some weird mutant freak! Just let me go home already, I already followed your orders!"

Marie scowls at him. "Calm down! This is great news for both of us! You are an extraordinary person, capable of harnessing a secret power unlike any other in the world around us. You have a productive, fulfilling life ahead of you. Honestly, you should be thanking me for giving you this opportunity to shine."

He taps his fingers on the chair's arms silently and fumes for a few seconds, but seems to calm down. "A secret power, huh? Sounds interesting. What can I do with it?"

Marie shrugs. "I have no idea. You have to find that out on your own, though we are here to provide guidance."

He rolls his eyes and quickly starts plucking the electrodes off his arms and body. "Yeah, well, I'm done here. I'll figure out my powers all on my own."

Marie smirks at him as he stands up and wipes his body, a look of disgust spread across his face. "You don't have a choice, young man. Now that we've confirmed you are the asset; you have to stay with us and help in the war effort."

Him and I both share a look of confusion as we stare at Marie. He asks the question we're both thinking. "I beg your pardon, but what war? You mean the War in Iraq? I doubt I'd be much use there."

"The human-demon war."

I immediately realize what she means, but instead, a faint smile spreads across the other Jason's face. "Riiiight, the human and demon war. I suppose I'll have to fight against witches, goblins, and cave trolls too, right?"

Marie doesn't smile back. "Two out of three isn't bad. No witches, I'm afraid."

The other Jason's expression flattens. "Are you out of your fucking mind? I don't believe this! You can't hold me indefinitely!"

She raises her eyebrows mockingly. "We can, and we will! If you want to escape or leave, I recommend you figure out what your heroic power is so we can determine if you're safe to re-enter normal society."

"Safe? You think I'm a walking atom bomb or something? I'm just an ordinary guy!"

Marie lowers her eyes. "Jason, I'm being serious right now. Trust me when I say that finding you is a joy, and terrifying at the same time. If you think an atom bomb is dangerous, you haven't a clue what the former holders of the Heroic Aura have been capable of. The demonic war is real, and we've been fighting them for thousands of years. You're our best bet for crushing them, once and for all."

Her speech doesn't appear to move him, but as he looks away, unable to meet her gaze, I feel the emotions swirling around inside of him. "Yeah, sure. Whatever you say. Can I go back to my cell now?"

"As you wish."

The two of them walk out of the room, and I hold my hand up to pause the memory playback. "Gyro, is this the point where he- I mean, _I_ joined up with Marie?"

"Affirmative, Master Hiro. Of course, the two of you forged an unbreakable bond over the next century, but I don't need to tell you that, now, do I?" His head tilts quizzically, and I look away.

"No. Sorry, I'm just very forgetful." There's a long pause as I consider what to look up next. "Show me the first major event I play a part in."

"No problem, Master Hiro! How does the Founding of the United Earth Forces sound to you?"

My smile comes back easily. "That's perfect. Let's see how history influenced the political climate of today."

........................................

"Wakey wakey, Prisoner 84721!"

A woman's voice sounds off to my side, and I wince, allowing my eyes to flutter open. When they do, I turn to see the Warden staring me up and down, an insane smile spread across her face. "You're the picture of health! Just look at you!"

_Huh? What's she talking about?_ I lower my eyes to look at my body, only to realize that something is horribly wrong. There's a metal mask covering my face and mouth, with just two little holes left for my nose, and two slits for my eyes. I can barely see anything or breathe!

I'm standing up, but also leaning back at a slight angle. My arms are crisscrossed in front of my chest and chained across opposite sides of my body, and my feet are bound together too. I try to move, but I'm held down so tightly that I can scarcely wiggle. What the hell is going on? The last thing I remember was the face of my cellmate and a deep sleep coming over me... how did I end up here? Is this part of the Warden's sick game?!

I quickly take in my surroundings. Tiny room, narrow walls, made of cobblestone, and the door is a massive oaken thing with a slit to see inside. No light source. If that door closes... it's going to be nearly pitch black in here.

Scullis reaches up and grabs my chin, lifting my head up to expose my neck. I barely have the strength to fight back at all.

"You killed fifteen of my guards, I'll have you know. Those were good, family men! They worked hard keeping their prisoners in line! And you, like the murdering scum we knew you were, killed them in cold blood!"

She lowers my head, and I glare daggers at her face. _Those men were sick! They're lucky they had the mercy of a quick death!_ I want to shout at her, but this metal mask prevents me from talking at all. I can barely even make gurgling noises with my throat.

"Honestly, I should just kill you, but then you'll end up an angel and out of my jurisdiction. Of course, the heavenly courts can be far more brutal than human ones, but I won't get to _savor_ the feeling of your helplessness. I have to pay you back, in full, for the life of each man and woman you killed."

_What? Women? I only killed men! There wasn't a woman to be seen!_

As if she can read my mind, Warden Scullis pulls a stray hair back behind her ear before showing me a datapad with one of the faces of the guards I killed. "Yes, you killed a fellow woman. All female guards here are instructed to act like men and dress like them to maintain order. You broke her neck, and it took her fifteen minutes to die. A slow, agonizing demise."

She suddenly leans forwards and shoves her face next to mine. "I'll bet you thought you were doing a good deed, eh? The guards here are too mean for your liking; maybe they even made fun of you! What, they bruised your cellmate and had a little fun with her, so that made you angry?!"

A blow to my face knocks my head to the side, but it doesn't hurt thanks to the metal mask I'm wearing. Scullis rubs her fist and sneers. "I don't care what your reasons are, anyone who kills my men is going to stay in the Cage, tied up like a filthy animal for a thousand years! You'll have to piss and shit yourself, and feel the humiliation of others cleaning up after you and mocking you! You won't be able to taste food; it'll just be piped into your stomach until you want to throw it all back up!"

There's a look of madness in her eyes. "You'll be here a thousand years for each guard you killed, and even better, this is just the beginning! Once you're out, I have a new form of torture I've created just for you! You'll wish you were a dead woman in no time! Hahaha! HAHAHA!"

She laughs like a crazy person for several seconds before suddenly calming down. "Ah, sorry, I lacked restraint for a moment there. I'm just so _passionate_ about protecting my extended family here. You not only killed Admiral Danis, the greatest enforcer of the law in the galaxy, you also killed low-level guards too! You're unscrupulous and violent, a savage barbarian. It's fitting, of course, given the Goldeshian blood in you."

There's a look of melancholy in her eyes as she stares at me. "You know, many of the prisoners from the Goldesh rebellion ended up here. Some fought back, as their animal instincts instructed, and I crushed them all. The rest learned to obey, and they've turned into loyal dogs in the end. You will be no different from the rest of your kind. I will crush you, or I will break you."

Scullis reaches up and scratches her short-cropped black hair. "Well, there was a certain level of joy among the prisoners from Goldesh when they heard you killed Danis. Perhaps in exchange for the fifteen guards you killed, I should let you pick fifteen of your blood-brothers and sisters to kill. That would be a fitting trade, though nowhere near enough to pay for your crimes. I wonder what Danis would have done with you."

The thought of Danis's face makes me quiver with anger. I'd kill him a third time and a fourth time if I had the chance. I wasn't wrong, he created this prison and hired Warden Scullis. Danis was the cause of so much misery. He was a disturbing villain, especially among humans. A monster who wore human skin.

My fist clenches as I try to pull on the chain holding me to this upright metal bed. No matter how hard I pull, I can't yank it off.

That crazed maniacal smile spreads across Scullis's face again as she notices my wriggling. "Trying to break free? Give it up. Those chains are made of a rare metal called Demon-steel. They could bind two elephants together without issue. After seeing you tear through reinforced steel, electrified to 1,000 volts, it's painfully obvious we need better measures to tame your animal spirit."

Her mocking tone lessens. "Actually, despite the evil you've committed, I must say that I was positively dazzled by your strength and resilience. You might be a vile murdering monster, capable of crushing a demon in hand-to-hand combat, but you're also a fellow woman. I crave your raw power. Perhaps, if you had walked the straight and narrow path, you would be at my side, keeping balance and order in my prison, rather than being one of its inmates."

_Like hell I would._ I glare at her even more angrily than I was before, though she can't see my face under this metal mask. _I'd sooner lose all my limbs than hold people in captivity. You're no better than the demons!_

She throws her hands up in the air. "Oh well! So much for that! In the meantime, shit and piss yourself as you wish! But be warned, if you make too much noise, I'll come back and give you a _shocking_ surprise! Now if you'll excuse me, I need to contact the relatives of the guards you killed."

She waves her hand dismissively at me, as if expecting me to leave, before walking out of the room herself.

The door slams shut behind her, and my worst fears come true. This room is pitch black, like Death itself. Yama would stand out in this much darkness.

A moment later, I feel an awful sensation in my body. My chest starts shaking and tears well up in my eyes as I struggle fruitlessly to try and wipe them away.

I'm all alone... in a pitch black hell. They're going to keep hurting my cellmate, and I can't protect her anymore. What if they kill her, or worse?

If there is a god... please... send help. Anyone. I can't save myself anymore.
