Part 302a:

Ben gasped as the fleet exited hyperspace. All told, it had been just under 24 hours since he had issued the attack orders. Perhaps having grown slightly bored and antsy by the wait, he hadn't quite prepared himself for the sight of Volgarius in the 'flesh', as it were.

The planet was massive. Not nearly as big as Jupiter or Saturn, but still unbelievably huge. It should be impossible for bipedal life forms to survive on a giant of that size, not to mention the gravity on the planet must be incredible. Were it not for the hypersuits, he doubted any normal human could go toe-to-toe with a Volgrim in a fistfight, as they must be incredibly strong.

"A fleet from Volgarius has been sighted at two o'clock. Bearing down at sub-light speed 0.5, numbering 5,000 warships." His tactical officer fired off numbers as he quickly scanned the enemy composition. "Twelve flagships, one hundred capital cruisers, and the rest are comprised of heavy and light cruisers or small interceptors. There are also a few hundred carrier-class ships holding back behind the defensive perimeter."

Ben grunted as he glanced at the tactical display. "No _swarmers_ right off the bat, hm? That makes this slightly easier. Send out the first Dartfighter drone platoon, I want them running interference. Move our own capital ships forwards to take the heat off the smaller ships. I want three capital ships for each of their flagships; have them concentrate their fire. The Command Ship will hold back for the moment until we're needed."

"Commander, what do you want Judicator's Mothership to do?" The tactical officer shot him a questioning look, but Ben shook his head.

"Don't bother him right now. He's... he's... providing me with important tactical data. Yeah, I need him analyzing the enemy for weaknesses, he's the best suited for the job." Ben nodded gruffly and the tactical officer turned back to his holo-viewer.

"Affirmative, commander. Deploying the fleet to the designated formation... now."

As the enemy fleet dropped out of sub-light speed, Ben glowered at the planet. Somehow, he was going to have to ram through this blockade and shit hell upon their disgusting grey and black planet, one way or another. Unlike Earth, Volgarius had no vibrant colors that stood out. No greens, blues, whites, or reds. It was a dull and ugly looking sphere, one that contrasted nastily with the perfect orb he had grown up on. _I'll never let these alien scum take Earth. They'll ruin it just like they did their own homeworld. They're monsters._

Ben gritted his teeth as his fleet and the enemy began trading blows. A barrage of ion cannon fire and proton missiles slammed into the ships in the lead, their heavily reinforced hulls absorbing most of the damage. Some, however, had not been reinforced nearly as well as the others. Several smaller ships were blasted to smithereens as the enemy had seemed to decide to pick off the weaker ones first.

_Smart, given the tough ships will take a lot more punishment while the little ones would be harassing their fleet. Whoever their commander is, he or she knows exactly what they're doing._

"Send the bombers forwards, have them target that lone capital cruiser at the front. It seems to have split off from the pack ahead of the other ones."

He tapped his battlefield display to highlight the enemy ship he was referring to. As he did, an alarming thought popped into his head. _Too convenient! It must be a trap._ "On second thought, belay that order. I don't like how that capital cruiser is positioned. Have the dartfighters engage at ramming speed to test its durability. Just two of them to start with."

His tactical officer nodded quickly as he relayed the orders. Twelve seconds later, the two lone dartfighters raced through the barrage of enemy fire as if the ion blasts and photon missiles didn't even exist. Their durability was incredible, well beyond the reasonable limits of any known material. Ben found himself glaring at the ships as they raced forwards. _I just don't get it. How does Jason make them so powerful? It can't be possible, normally._

The dartfighters rapidly engaged the enemy, smashing through their hull by accelerating into and then rapidly decelerating from sub-light speeds in a fraction of a second. As they did so, Ben blinked his eyes three times and squinted hard. "Ensign, zoom in on that patch in front of the capital cruiser. I think I just saw something."

The screen rapidly zoomed in, and as the picture sharpened itself, Ben's eyes roved quickly over the image. "Enlarge area A-5, 300%." As the screen zoomed in on one particular spot just to the aft side of the ship, Ben nodded carefully. "They have cloaked ships. That cruiser isn't alone. Have the dartfighters pass directly in front of the cruiser and drop their anti-matter charges. Target this coordinate as closely as possible." Ben indicated a specific spot and the AI-piloted ships quickly whipped around for another pass. As they released their armaments at the appropriate moment, there was an incredibly bright light for a fraction of a moment, as several dozen small ships were marked by a paint-like substance that enabled them to be visible on radar. It was more of a refractive coating of sorts that made whatever surface it landed on absorb and expend visible light, but to the highly advanced scanners of the Command Ship, it might as well have been a patch of exploding fireworks.

"As I suspected. We've theorized that the Volgrim might be able to make use of their own invisibility technology, I just didn't think it would be on spacecraft. Still, they're no Romulans. This technology is visible to the naked eye if you know what to look for. Send this information to the other leaders of the attack force, I want them on the lookout for other cloaked ships. 5,000 might not be the actual number of enemies we face on this day."

The tactical officer chuckled grimly. "What's the matter, commander? Afraid we were going to have it too easy with a five-to-one numerical advantage?"

Ben shook his head slowly as he stifled his own dark smile. "No. I just don't want to lose more friends than I already have. That's all."

"I hear you. Sending your orders out to the rest of the fleet now." The tactical officer wiped the remotely amused look off his face as he got back to work.

Ben sighed deeply as he quickly got back to commanding his fleet to victory.

Trayza stood aboard her flagship as she mentally shared her mind with that of the other three Founders that were aboard their flagships. To keep their battle operations precise, this had been standard operating procedure for hundreds of thousands of orbital periods. Having perfected it during the seventh great war, it was a tactic that had enabled instant coordination of their movements.

"They didn't take the bait, a-and they even seem to have discovered the camouflaged ships. Whoever is guiding them..." Cuanali spoke quickly about her findings, though they weren't anything mindblowing.

"...He's a good commander." Trayza finished Cuanali's sentence for her, as she sent some mental communications to her ship crew. "Still, a commander that has to rely on primitive technology to direct his crew. Hardly a threat to the unified power of the Founders themselves. I want the fleet to move to flank them, putting them between our heavy cruisers and Volgarius. Our land-based Spectral Pulse Rays will shred their shields, leaving them ripe for a barrage of missiles to wipe out their main fleet. After that it will be a simple matter of mopping up."

As the others nodded, Trayza's brilliant plan was interrupted by a dissenter. "No. I disagree completely. I believe their goal is to get as close to Volgarius as possible. They are here to destroy and sabotage as much of our planet as possible. They're cautious, but make no mistake... this is clearly intended to be a suicide mission, if not exactly desired."

Trayza felt her jaw clench. _Nufaris_. That bumbling pipsqueak would dare to pretend he was worthy of the title of Second?! He was challenging her, she who had fought countless battles during the lives of hundreds of generations of Volgarians?!

"You speak out of turn, Nufaris. We'll continue with the flanking." Trayza kept her tone moderated, even as the anger in her mind nearly caused her mental tone to strain itself.

"No, we won't. As the second Founder, I have higher authority than you. You might disagree with Unarin's decision, but openly opposing me is an indirect insult directly to him. Is that the message you wish to convey?"

Trayza blinked slowly. What the hell? He'd never spoken down to her like this before. He'd always been a fearful, sniveling coward. She couldn't see his face, but something about the mental tone he was evoking... he was dead serious. This was a direct challenge.

She crushed her fingers into a ball as she gritted her teeth, her blood boiling to its apex. _This SCUM! He's openly mocking me in front of the other Founders?!_

Just as she was about to unload on him, she felt a private presence ping her mind. It was Cinculu, the Fifth. "Don't do anything rash. I say you should defer to him. If he's right, we save the planet and our people. If he's wrong, you'll have every excuse to tear him apart. Don't be a fool, you've worked too hard to curry favor with Unarin. It would be a shame to see it go to waste."

His voice was speaking to her alone, as he had segmented his mental energy to speak to her directly, while not leaving the group telepathy conversation. Trayza felt her balled up fist loosen, as she released a silent breath of anger. "Fine. We'll do it your way, _Second_. Let's see if you have what it takes to lead this fleet, or if you'll be a major disappointment to Unarin."

For the briefest of moments, Trayza almost thought a mental image of a deep, conniving grin had appeared in her mind, as Nufaris replied quietly. "Yes. Let's just see if I have what it takes. I have an idea, and it's going to crush the humans into oblivion."

...

Nufaris stood aboard his own massive flagship, the Dolfraxis II, a ship modeled after his own exploration vessel, but highly suited to collecting intelligence during the battle. While it had no weapons and minimal shields, it possessed extreme maneuverability and more tactical data collection abilities than any other ship in the fleet.

Nufaris shuddered as the thoughts appeared in his mind. _Yes... I see it now. The Founders are frauds. They're not all-powerful. Only Unarin holds true power... and even he is a fraud as well. It all makes sense. He eliminated Dosena because he feared her, turning her into a docile pet to be unleashed on enemies whenever he wished, while erasing her past from the minds of others. Dosena should have been the first Founder, but we were betrayed by one of our own. I cannot let this treachery go unpunished._

As he silently seethed, shielding his raging thoughts from the others, he calmed down a moment later and sent orders out. "Cuanali. I want you to use your superior hacking abilities on those indestructible little ships the humans are using, and turn them against their owners. Any of those ships you see, do that continuously. Reprogram them on the fly. Turn them from indestructible harbingers of death into rabid animals that attack all they see. Create chaos with them. Cinculu, we need to take out any ships capable of planetary bombardment. I've identified several vessels that possess high-yield bombs or fighter-class ships with said bombs, so focus your elite forces on these ships."

Trayza stuttered for a moment as she realized what he was planning. "That's ridiculous! Cuanali is talented, for sure, but they likely have thousands of those little ships! She can't reprogram nearly that many, especially in a short time period!"

"That's all right. We don't need all of them. We only need as many as possible. A hundred would do just fine. Look! They've shredded that capital cruiser with just two of those fighters! We could turn this back on them with even a tiny number of those pests!"

Cuanali seemed fired up. "A-all right! I'll do what I can!" Shifting her concentration away from the conversation, she began turning her attention to the dartfighters buzzing around here and there, as the filthy humans released more and more of them onto the battlefield.

Cinculu, likewise, began diverting his brigade to the requested location. Trayza kept her cool as she considered the options. _Perhaps I misjudged him. If Cuanali can pull it off, this might end up being a total rout. If their goal truly is to bombard the planet, little could do more damage than giving them plenty of room to draw close enough to unload. I still think that even with 100 megaton bombs they would need several days to kill all Volgrim on the planet. If their goal was to hamper us though, then a single lucky bombardment would do the trick. And since they have stolen a flagship from us in the past, they likely know the locations of several military facilities. It wouldn't necessarily be a shot in the dark._

Trayza still hated the thought of giving up control to that pissant weakling who had no clout compared to herself, especially among those who truly mattered in Volgarian society. But, if he was unsuccessful, he would be out of the way in no time. It was worth setting her ego to the side momentarily. Yes, Cinculu was truly a wise Volgarian for suggesting this.

She sighed as Nufaris sent her a set of orders as well. _Move your company forwards to attack the fleet directly. Don't make any sudden decisions, just draw them in barely within the range of the planet's Spectral Pulse Rays so we can start hitting them with our full firepower. Then, when they least expect it, we'll give them a surprise they never saw coming._

Trayza nodded silently as she began to give the orders to her crew. Something about what he said though... what 'surprise' might he be hiding? The battlefield was no place to play games. He should really save that for a holo-simulator.

Still, his battle strategy gave her pause. This might just work out splendidly. Best to simply let it play out.

I glowered slightly as my clones, Amelia, and I all watched the battle unfolding. From my vantage point at the very rear of the battlefield, I could see every action playing out. Not by using my ship's sensors, of course, but by using magic. I had used magic to create a 1:25 replica of the battlefield in a three-dimensional space. From here, we could see every ship as a triangular speck moving around, some small and some big. Amelia especially seemed quite intrigued by the display.

Pointing at a rather large red triangle, she popped out the fiftieth question in a row. "Why is that one moving forwards so fast?"

I shrugged. "Probably some sort of forward wave attack. The other ships behind this one seem to be moving as well, as if to follow the leader."

J-498 grunts slightly as he puffs on his nasty cigarette. "Yeah, maybe. Could also just be some idiot who wants his day of glory."

I shake my head at his comment. "Unlikely. Unarin, if he's leading this engagement, is likely not going to do anything foolhardy. I wouldn't call him the most brilliant tactical genius in the universe, but this seems like a feint of some sort, probably to draw Ben into attacking that ship. It's likely a diversion. But what reason is there for a diversion? It would have to be to prepare for something that takes a lot of time to execute properly..."

"Perhaps they have some super-weapon that takes time to charge and fire? This is their home turf, who knows what the home field advantage gives them for options. Perhaps they can draw raw energy from their sun and fire a massive space laser at us." J-498, ever the dry jokester, inserts his opinion into the mix. He's not helping much here.

"Right... a super-weapon..." I nod as I turn my gaze to the viewscreen at the helm of the Mothership. My ship is armed to the teeth. When it comes to dealing damage, I'm probably one of Earth's top ten ships for raw destructive output. We don't really have any major super-weapons on our side, besides the dartfighters, and the enemy knows how those work by now. But the Volgrim could have anything they've been saving up.

Harold, oddly enough, speaks to me in my mind. "I don't like this, kid. Somethin' seems up with these aliens. They seem ta' be good at using trickery and deceit... everything they've done so far seems ta' be about lurin' our guys forwards. I think we need ta' watch our rears."

Harold's fought in and commanded soldiers during a few wars. Big wars too, the bloodiest wars humanity knew of prior to space travel. If he says to keep an eye on our flank...

"Agreed. I'll let Ben know. You think they've got another fleet positioned somewhere behind us? We didn't detect anything on our way here..."

Harold sneers. "Cheh. C'mon, kid. Use yer head! Space is real big, plenty big enough to hide some spaceships a few billion miles out of scanner range and still be here 'fore breakfast. I gots a hunch, and I think you should walk mighty careful on that glass yer steppin' on."

I nodded along with him as I sent a quick telepathic message to Ben. He heard me, I think, but had no ability to respond telepathically. It would have to do.

Amelia sat on a chair nearby and swung her legs back and forth as boredom crept over her face. "Alright, the dots were kinda cute at first, but now what do we do?"

"We watch." J-492 replied before I could even open my mouth.

Damn, that's exactly what I was going to say. Maybe we weren't so different, the two of us...
