Part 285a:

My heart slammed in my chest, pounding at speeds that would make a cheetah blush.

I quickly rolled out of bed, still wearing my armor, while I stared down at the drowsy little girl. She appeared to be wearing a nightgown, though how she obtained it when she didn't appear to have brought any extra clothing, I do not know. But there was no mistaking it, she looked just like a child. And it creeped me out, significantly.

"What are you doing?" I decided to ask a simple question while I let my nerves steady themselves. If this was some sort of trap...

Amelia yawned as she pulled herself up to a sitting position, draping an arm over the bed's backboard to hold herself up. "What do you mean? I'm just taking a nap. You're acting... strange."

She seemed unusually calm and reserved compared to how she usually acted. Something about her personality as of my discovering her in the past- it was almost as if she was bipolar or something. "You were, erm, sleeping in the same bed as me. Wrapped all over me too. How am I supposed to take that?"

She snorted and giggled mischievously. "Oh, is that what's got you all hot and bothered? Hmm, and here I thought you were a proper man, but you're acting like a scared little child. We're _friends_ now, you know? Why would friends be scared of each other?"

I swallowed carefully as I flicked my eyes away from her. She was dressed too inappropriately for someone who looked just like a child. "Just... cover yourself up. I didn't mean to fall asleep like that."

She raised an eyebrow at my comment. "You seem very flustered. Is it because of my appearance? Do I look like a little kid to you?"

My head nodded involuntarily, though I tried to stop it. Those pesky subconscious thoughts were fighting to get free and it was making me very uncomfortable. "Yes, you look like a child, Amelia. I can't be intimate or... close... to someone who looks like she's young enough to be my grand-daughter." Of course, I'm now in my 80's or 90's, though my own immortal body stopped aging in my 30's, when I was in my prime.

Amelia's curious expression changed into a sneer. "Oh, well aren't you patronizing. It's all about appearances with you then, hmm? Have you looked around, lately? Have you seen what most women look like? Those nano-thingies are making them all look younger and younger every year. In fact, most women are desperately trying to drop their looks down to high school years, and not long from now the target will be lower than that. Doesn't that mean a youthful beauty is desirable?"

I shook my head slowly. "Humans are still driven by base desires, but that doesn't make it right. Beyond that, we might be... friends... but that doesn't mean we should be doing... you know..." I stuttered and stammered slightly as I spoke, my voice faltering as I tried to find the exact words I wanted to use. Amelia seemed to calm down as she nodded slowly.

"Alright, if it makes you feel that uncomfortable, I understand. So it seems the problem is not that you don't wish to be close... the problem is my appearance..."

Amelia nodded slowly as she glanced away for a moment. "Hmm. Hmm. Yes, I think I know just what will do."

Her unusually calm demeanor was making me feel very odd. She was usually so excitable and frantic in how she spoke and moved, but now she seemed deeply thoughtful and quiet. As I had those thoughts, Amelia quietly mouthed some words as she make a few hand motions. And then she began to grow.

To _age_, rather. At a rapid rate, and with a brief flash of light, her body quickly aged several visible years until she appeared to be in her mid twenties. She had transformed from an innocent looking little girl with a devilish appetite into a full-figured beauty one might see in a magazine catalogue, her hair increasing in length several inches, the blackness of it deepening until it might be invisible on her head if she were standing in a shadow. Her chest had plumped out quite a bit as well, and her small nightgown was entirely too small and about to burst at the seams. She quickly altered it with a magic spell.

"Well, what do you think now? Is this more to your... _liking_?"

I swallowed heavily. "Uh. I suppose so, but this is still- rather it's just not..." My words trailed off as I quickly turned my back to her and stared out the window. Reaching up under my helmet, I quickly wiped my forehead with my gloved hand. What the hell was this all about?! She had gone from trying to kill me to acting unbelievably seductive in less than a single day. I didn't get it. Is this what they call... daddy issues?!

Several long moments passed as neither of us said a word. Finally, Amelia sighed deeply. "I see. I was testing you. You were lying when you said we were friends in the future, weren't you? Or rather... you wished we were friends. I must have done something awful to hurt that relationship... as I always tend to do."

I turned back to her to see her sitting with her legs draped over the side of the bed, facing away from me. Her face was clasped in her hands. "It was the Hunger, wasn't it? You must have seen me feeding."

I narrowed my stare. She was playing dumb? Of course I knew about her eating people. She had explicitly come after me when I triggered some trap or something. I'm not sure how it all worked, but she must know that I knew she was cannibalizing other humans.

"I no longer remember why I feed. I just do it because I have to. Maybe it sustains my existence. I don't even know how old I am anymore. I can't remember anyone from the past. I can't hold a relationship with anyone because my memory degrades so quickly. So I don't try to do it anymore."

She seemed to be dropping a lot of bombs on me, but I didn't really know _why_ she was telling me all these things. "You can't remember your past?"

She shook her head, as she pulled a hairbrush from the hotel's nightstand and began brushing her long black hair, slowly. "I don't remember anything, given enough time. My maximum memory length seems to be about five years. The only reason I know anything about the world is Levvy-" She paused, as she caught herself saying something she didn't mean to. "-...well, that doesn't matter. I know I hate Heroes, but I don't remember why. I don't know if I've met you before, but my... _friend_ says I haven't. So if we really did meet in the future, perhaps you were my first human friend. Maybe I pushed you away."

I nodded slowly. "Yes. You... you devoured an entire world. You killed millions of people, in a very short amount of time..." I realized that what I was saying was not something I should, so I limited it to that. Best not to delve into specifics.

She turned to me, and I finally noticed she had tears welling up in her eyes. "I'm sorry. I don't mean to do it. I hate all humans, and the demons, and the angels, and all the rest of them. I just don't know why I hate them. Every person I ingest, they become a part of me. I don't even know who I am anymore. There's only one who is always... well, he's..."

Amelia trailed off as I felt a dark energy seem to pour off of her body for a moment. "Ah... you're awake. Yes, I was just having a chat with Jason."

Her tears seemed to dry as she turned away from me and started speaking to _someone_ unseen. Was this the black orb? I can't even remember his name, it's been so many decades. Boromir? Barathew? Barjam? No it was... Blaarjiim, yes, that was his name.

Blaarjiim. But I saw no black orb anywhere. And, come to think of it, the white orb was in my possession, yet Hoarhiim was not in there. What did it all mean? And if not Blaarjiim, who else might Amelia be talking to?

Amelia finished talking to whoever that was, and she turned back to me with a familiar over-cheerful smile on her face. "Okay, are we ready to go?! I'm ready!"

Her voice had that same childish lilt I had grown used to, but now it came from a grown woman's body. As I had that thought, she suddenly began to revert to her childish form, another blast of light encapsulating her for a moment, as her nightgown sagged all over her. An expression of annoyance popped onto her face. "Oh jeez, how annoying! I can't maintain my older form for more than a few minutes! LAME! How am I gonna be a sexy model if I look like a little kid forever?!"

Hopping off the bed, she stormed over into the bathroom and slammed it shut behind her, as I felt my jaw hanging slack.

_What?_

...................................................................

Harold contacted me later that day, as Amelia and I were boarding a plane. I was no longer wearing my Hypersuit since I didn't want to stick out. The flight attendants occasionally smiled at the two of us, giving us a 'father and daughter' look as they strode past. I ignored them.

Harold popped into my head, a solemn expression on his face. "I see ye found the girl, eh kiddo?"

I closed my eyes and relied entirely on telepathy, not wanting Amelia to hear the conversation. "Yes, she's here with me now. Anything to report?"

Harold's face betrayed a large amount of unease. "There's somethin' goin' on, kid. I can't quite put mah finger on it, but them portal thingamajiggers have been actin' up or somethin'. Yer friend Greggy, he done been tellin' me somethin' big is goin' down. You shouldn't waste any more time on that plane. Want me to teleport ya back to yer base?"

I paused for a moment. "Hold on. Let me discuss this with Amelia."

Opening my eyes, I turned back to see she had already fallen asleep, as we had only just reached cruising altitude a few minutes earlier. She was leaning her head on my arm as she dozed off quietly, and I decided it probably wasn't worth asking her. She'd just say yes anyway. It was odd, she'd become weirdly friendly ever since that night, always agreeing to anything I wanted to do.

Opening my mind back up to Harold, I nodded. "Yeah. But don't teleport us to base immediately, put us in a local town, something real close by, in a hotel or something. Just find an empty room and pay for it or something. I don't know if I want her knowing where my base is just yet."

Harold sighed. "This girl sounds like she's gonna be lots o' trouble, kid. You best watch out, boy, and never turn yer back on her. When you got a nice lady like I do, it's a real fine thing, but when you got a trouble maker, it's a terrible thing. You get me?"

I nodded silently.

"Good. Gimme a few minutes, and I'll even make sure she ends up in a bed. I can see what yer seein' in yer vision, and she looks mighty cute. Wish I'd had a kid with mah wife, but we ain't had no kids. Still, don't forget what I said. She may look cute 'n innocent, but if what ye told me is true, she's real trouble."

I nodded. "Thanks, Harold. You don't have to tell me again. I understand the dangers."

Harold clicked his tongue as he popped out of my vision. I sat there for a minute or two, waiting patiently for the teleporting to happen. On a whim, I reached my arm around and put it on Amelia's shoulder as I stroked her hair with my other arm.

I don't know why I did it. It just felt right.

Some minutes later, Harold finally popped into my mind's eye. "Alright kid, here goes nothing."

...................................................................

"How many do you think this attack will kill? Will this result in certain victory?"

Unarin eyed the red-skinned demon with a maddening level of scrutiny. He didn't buy the excuse that Satan hadn't meant to leave his people to die, but still, the Labyrinth was the only way he had to rapidly attack the humans. Even if Satan had double crossed him, it was worth giving him a second chance. The second time, Unarin would not fall so easily for his tricks.

Satan's brilliant grin faltered slightly for the briefest of moments. "Well, I don't know exactly how many humans this will kill, but suffice to say, the number will be quite large. More importantly, this will give both of us the opening we need to establish a permanent base on the planet. The faster we build it, and the more we reinforce it, the more likely this operation will be a success."

Unarin resisted the urge to glare at the demon. He truly didn't trust Satan in the slightest anymore. Thanks to Satan, Unarin had lost one of his closest confidantes. Still, no matter how good a friend, it was always smart business to save one's own skin. Especially when he was more powerful than nearly every other Volgrim combined.

Dosena would be missed, but she would be replaced, given time. Not by Trayza, the third, she was too volatile. Cuanali was too clumsy and small-minded... that left Cinculu. He was a good Volgrim, but he was simply too weak, when it came to mental abilities. No, instead, Unarin would have to look outside the normal fold to find one who might be forward thinking enough to be second in command. But just who, exactly?

On the other side of the room, Marie Becker quietly paced back and forth as she examined the blueprint for the weapon design she had created herself. As she manipulated its image on the holopad in front of her, she mused to herself quietly. "The things I do for immortality..."
