Part 184

Zeus held the scroll of papyrus in front of himself with the power of telekinesis, a weak spell he had cast so he wouldn't have to use his arms.

"We're losing."

The small group of a dozen angels and gods nodded sadly, as they had already read the report.

Zeus continued. "We can't keep going on like this. Eremial made a foolish mistake recently, thinking he could simply jump into battle to save some humans. The demons slayed him in an instant."

Gabriel sighed as he laid back on the ground, staring up at the ceiling with empty eyes. "Well, at the least, the demons aren't winning either. The humans seem to be crushing them soundly."

Raphael slowly tapped a ball back and forth on the table in front of himself. "A hollow victory. Remember, the demons are not our only enemies. If the demons were to be wiped out, the humans would come for us next. It might take them a few millennia to find us and attack us, but with our current numbers, we would surely lose."

A nearby angel raised her hand up slightly. "I mean no disrespect, Raphael, but are you actually implying we should simply stay out of human affairs, or worse, give aid to the demons so they don't die off?"

"No, Uzziel. I'm saying we must find a way to quickly replenish our numbers. Eventually humans or demons will win this war, and humans are definitely the more likely thanks to their rapidly evolving technology and their Heroes. No matter what it takes, we must come up with some way to supplement or greatly increase our numbers. If we do not, when one of the other two wins, we will surely die next."

Uzziel hesitated. "I understand what you're saying, but even with humanity's greater numbers, what good are swords and bows against the powers of one who can move at the speed of light, or one who can shoot massive rays of light that kill an enemy in an instant? Could the humans really ever pose a threat?"

Gabriel interrupted, tilting his head to the side to look at her. "Let's be clear about one thing, I am certainly powerful, but my ultimate attack has virtually no effect on any but the most vile of humans. It was originally crafted inside of myself to slay demons, and to make sure that its power does not harm my allies. Since humans were originally the allies of angel-kind, I would surely be almost useless in a battle against their species."

Raphael rolled his ball back and forth slowly as he nodded. "Indeed, but moreso than that, even with Gabriel's awe inspiring power, even if he could kill thousands of humans at once, I have... _seen_ what humans will become. In a dream I had recently, I have forseen what a threat they will become to not just our kind, but the universe as a whole. They are the species with the most latent power waiting to be unleashed."

Zeus rapped his knuckles softly on the arm of his massive marble chair. "To be honest, I still find it difficult to understand how humans who lag so far behind demons in evolutionary ability, and lifespan, can defeat demons that had lived for hundreds, even thousands of years. The demons must surely be very battle hardened, swift, strong, coordinated, agile... having not directly witnessed one of these battles myself, I should like to hear how they are doing it."

Gabriel coughed slightly. "I will explain, my liege. Actually, it is a simple matter. The human with a short lifespan possesses three main advantages over a demon. Firstly, the human expects to lose, while the demons expects to win. A human fighting a terrifying monster fights more cautiously, while a demon fights more brazenly. Thus, demons tend to make more mistakes during an act of combat."

"Secondly, because humans live such short lives, they have developed a strange unspoken creed. 'Better to die on the field of battle, than at home in a warm bed.' Because of this, they fight knowing they will die someday anyway, putting in monstrous efforts to overcome their foes while the demons let their guards down due to overconfidence."

"But thirdly, and most damningly, the humans are far, far more brilliant than we give them credit for. The strongest, most intelligent, and most powerful humans breed the most, creating a form of elite warriors that pass the art of war down to their descendants. And even moreso, the intelligence of the average human, specifically when it comes to learning an enemy's weakness and strategizing on the fly, is unparalleled."

Gabriel took a small breath. "We angels and gods have a real vulnerability just waiting to be exploited by an intrepid human or group of them. We do not fight often. A human's entire life is fighting, whether verbal, mental, or physical. They fight constantly, whether they fight each other, their own thoughts, their emotions, their ideals, their religions... and speaking of which, we may have made a small mistake by making humans fight amongst themselves over religion. By doing this, we have given rise to massive battles spanning thousands, even hundreds of thousands of warriors. Each one is recorded and taught to students of war later on. They hone their skills daily."

Raphael stared at the ball he rolled back and forth with unfocused eyes. "Aye. Humans are almost enviable, in a way. Through their short lives, they manage to find meaning in their quickly extinguished existences."

Zeus sighed again, then waved his hand. "Let's get back to the bigger picture. We need to increase our numbers, and soon. We need a big increase in the numbers of angels up here. I want ideas. I want concrete plans. If the Creator made angels, there must be a loophole somewhere so we can have more."

Raphael and Gabriel sat silently as they thought. Uzziel broke the silence. "Well, we still have the Beacon of Life, correct? Perhaps, using the souls it has collected, we could fashion angels out of the ones that passed long ago?"

Zeus felt his face contort slightly, as he pondered the idea. "It... doesn't seem possible. Maybe. Maybe not. We should have to look into it."

From the far side of the long table, one who had been quiet for the entire meeting spoke up. _Michael_, the Divine King. "Zeus. I usually have little to say, but if you would hear me out, I have an idea."

Everyone at the table turned to look at him. "Hmm? What might that be? It's rare for you to offer unsolicited words, Michael."

Michael stared ahead stonily. "I have a suggestion that involves not just the Beacon of Life, but an appropriate sacrifice, plus a certain set of conditions. I am roughly ninety percent sure it would work, and our forces would be bolstered dramatically."

Zeus leaned in intently. "You don't say..."

The _Resurrection Project_ was under way.