Part 007

I am not trembling in terror; I am not shaking in terror; I am _spasming_ in terror. My bones click together violently as I hear the _thing_ creeping around the bend behind me. _You're dead! It's going to eat you,_ my mind screams in alarm. Tears pour down my face, but I dare not wipe them away. I don't have time.

Suddenly my shaking stops. An idea forms in my mind. Instinct takes over. _That orb. I need it. I must have it!_

I go from a shaking mess about to be devoured, to an animal fleeing to the only possible refuge, the one thing in this room that I know must mean _something_. As I rush toward the glowing orb of spirituality, a sudden scrambling noise behind me makes my skin crawl as the _thing_ races around the corner after me. The last thing I hear before I grab the orb is a terrifying, unearthly scream, like that of a woman being torn apart by an abomination.

Serenity. Peace.

My hand rests on the orb, and the panic in my body melts away. _There's nothing to be afraid of now_, someone unknown says to me. Perhaps it's my mind playing tricks.

Calmly, I look back over my shoulder. The statue monster isn't there, but something else is. A shadow. I don't mean the sort of shadow made when something blocks the light, but a creature comprised entirely of blackness. I can barely even see it thanks to the brilliance of the orb and how it illuminates every corner of the room all at once, but it's there.

For a moment, it seems that the Shadow isn't moving, but after a few seconds of staring, I realize it is. Time has slowed to a crawl. It's as if I'm in the Matrix, and touching the orb has transformed me into an awakened Neo. I cock my head and stare at the creature for a moment, realizing that I'm not panicking, and yet I should be. My mind warns me that the monster is dangerous, but my body hasn't a care in the world. A sensation of power flows through my body, making me feel as if I could crush a rock with my mind.

How strange. Perhaps it isn't that time has slowed down, but that I have sped up. I'm no longer exhausted, and in fact, I could run a triathlon this very instant. Why am I so full of energy? Before, my breath was ragged and my legs scarcely even worked, but now, my body is as ready for action as if I had napped for a year straight.

After gazing at the Shadow for a moment, my eye catches the glint of something behind it. This may sound strange, but an object is glowing in the distance, and it isn't in my room. Instead, I _will_ my eyes pierce through the walls, spotting a sword in an entirely different room. In another direction, a crown glows, as if it's a beacon designed to draw my attention.

I begin to notice even more glowing objects. A set of chest armor, a shin-guard, a paladin's shield, and many other such things, all of them drawing my eyes like a moth to a flame.

When I lower my eyes to look below me, my happiness fades. Something roils in the deep, frightening and disturbing, and the longer I gaze at it, the more my newfound calmness transforms into abject horror.

A glowing sea of red, rapidly flowing from east to west, but inside the water is-

No. I don't- I can't believe it. This is too much! I don't want to be here anymore! I want to go back to the past!!

The river is filled with humans, or rather, the souls of humans. Bubbling up from the deep, millions, perhaps billions of faces rise and fall, screaming in pain and agony. They rise out of the hellish river, their skin begins to grow back, but they fall back in, only for that cycle to continuously repeat, over and over again. Their eternal suffering won't end, for they are cursed to wallow in misery, until the end of time.

This can't be the future. I must have died and gone to Hell.