Part 134

I chased after Hope. He's got everyone fooled good, though I'm sure the high ranking generals who were at that table know who he is, as does Adams. This must be at the highest levels and nothing below.

However, Hope was already only 50% my normal strength when I summoned him. Now that I'm unfathomably stronger, he's going to be falling to pieces as quickly as all the other clones. I'm having trouble hitting him though, because his spatial vision and apparent intelligence is quite high.

Strange though, now that I think about it, Adams had said that he gave the Crown to a youth from a developed world, and that youth made the 3D holomap. But that doesn't make sense, I've yet to see a single human world developed beyond the medieval ages. Why is that, I wonder? And what if it was this clone, 'Hope', that he gave the crown to? And why would he do that? So many questions, but I'm in the middle of the battle, so it has to wait. I will get my answers later.

Hope quickly cast back-to-back spells. "Speed! Slow! Hkjgfh-!"

I didn't hear the last word, because suddenly he was gone. Little fucker, stealing my battle tactics. I was suddenly rammed from the back, the front, and the sides! It hurt a little bit, but honestly not that much.

And... I grinned menacingly. _Stupid little shit_, you can't cast those two spells together or they will devour your energy rapidly. It's worse if you're a clone since you have such a small pool to work with, and to top it off, you've already wasted a bit of your energy doing other fruitless bullshit like making yourself invisible.

Sure enough, he came to a grinding halt and fell to the ground, feet away from me, panting with exhaustion.

"Haahh... hahhhhh.... shit, this is bad..."

Yeah, no kidding, dumbfuck. I've fought many battles over the last 11 years. You may be my clone, but I was wrong about you. You're _dumber_ than I am.

He glanced back over his shoulder and saw me slowly walking at him. "Adams! A little help here please?!"

I glanced over and laughed a silent laugh since I can't produce any sound. Adams was trembling, seeing the state of my clone on the ground. Oh this is just too _good_. What a perfect way to end the day. I hope you're shitting yourself, little man. I don't let anyone betray me and get away with it. _Not anymore_.

As I turned back to my clone, I reached down slowly and precisely, as I watched his expression grow in horror. He knew what was coming. You think you can just get away with this? Not so fast.

Suddenly, Adams called out to me. "Get your hands away from him. If you don't, we'll execute your friend."

I paused. Hmm? Wait, could he mean-?!

I glanced back over at Adams. He was standing in front of the group of men with a picture drawn of Cassiel. It was quite beautiful, to be honest, clearly made by a top tier artist. The others behind him couldn't see the picture, and they must have figured it wasn't their business, because they weren't trying to.

"Get back in your cage, or she gets _the knife_."

This is very unlike Adams. Even if she's not a human, he hates killing unless it's demons. This is very unlike him. Is he being mind-control-

Oh. So that's it. I halt and stand up straight, turning back to glare at Hope. You monster, have you mind controlled all my clones, the King, and other officers at the top? You're truly a foul demon. I have to send you back to the void whence you came.

Just as I was about to collect my energy to punch him hard enough to shatter concrete, a smile suddenly bursts onto his face.

"Ahaha, I just had a great idea!"

Huh? What is he talking abou-?!

He quickly speaks a single word.

" **Reintegrate!!!** "

A suction of energy from all corners of the city blasts through the corridors and hallways of the castle, as I feel a monumental amount of energy surge into his body.

"Ha... haha... HAHAHAHAHA!!!" Hope cackles evilly, as he nimbly jumps up into a standing position. "Fantastic! That was a great idea!"

I look him up and down in surprise. Rivers of energy are flowing out of him, just the same as energy flows out of me. What the fuck?! Did he reintegrate every clone in the city into himself?! CLONES CAN REINTEGRATE OTHER CLONES?! Not good, not good at all!!

And then I see him step forwards, and with a light tap on my cheek, he sends me smashing through three sets of walls.