Part 112

I sat, staring at the ground as Adams and the Yellow Team discussed what had happened only a few minutes ago. Receiving an appearance request from Adams, I teleported here in a jiffy and was experiencing many emotions as they described what they had gone through.

This is not good.

Beelzebub had told me, many years ago, about the rules of this place. I haven't spoken to him in a while as he's busy aiding the intelligence offices with various strategic information regarding demons, but I got the gist of what he had told me.

This labyrinth has rules, and they were written in (figurative) stone by the original First Emperor, Satan, when he created it. Beelzebub knew the rules, but not how long ago they were made or how this place came to be made. Compared to the dukes and kings of this labyrinth, he truly was a small fry, young when contrasted with their timelessness. His truly important and useful knowledge lay in the weaknesses of various demons he had met and their relationships with one another, as well as their home worlds that the more influential ones ruled over. He was how we had been able to locate Mephisto's homeworld.

One of the labyrinth's most sacred rules was never allowed to be broken. _Demons are not allowed to evolve more than 100 times, and they are not allowed to evolve to any new forms other than what is already known._

The creation of this rule made perfect sense to me. If other demons could evolve, they might one day overthrow Satan if they reached a new unique form and gained some incredible previously unknown ability.

But in the context of the recent invasion of the labyrinth by humans, there were many who wanted to circumvent that rule. Therefore, they must be hiding secret mutation and evolution chambers where they forcefully spawn new types of demons to combat our troops.

And if they're so desperate they're willing to risk death, that must mean we are _winning_ this war.

But we're not.

This new monster whom we've coined the Grez... it is unlike any before it. We can't kill it with a single shot. Only Gunther with his tremendous strength could do such a thing. It would be trivial for me, but for a normal human, they would be mincemeat in the face of such demons.

I need to find a way for the general population to combat these. I have operated for ten years under the assumption that the enemies we know of are the ones we must prepare for, but since newer horrors may emerge, I need to be careful. Very careful. If they evolve some other new monster when we least expect it, we could suffer some bad losses.

My mind blanked for a minute and I suddenly felt dizzy. Gah... I've been feeling like this every now and again for a great while now but... this one suddenly hit hard. I grabbed some water and swallowed it quickly, my mind returning to normal. _Odd._

"...-ur opinion? Slayer?" Adams was speaking to me. I jerked my head up from the floor and quickly glanced around at the faces looking at me.

"Huh? What did you say?"

Adams cleared his throat quietly. "Ah, I just asked what was your opinion? How should we deal with this new breed of monster?"

I paused for a few seconds as I thought about it. "Hng... perhaps I should simply create more clones. A single clone should travel with every single battalion and regiment, every group that enters the maze. If we encounter the Grez, have the commander order the clone to take any action necessary. They should... _hopefully_ be able to at the least slow down the Grez long enough for the troops to take cover. Ideally the clone will eliminate them."

Saul nodded thoughtfully as he rubbed his hands together. His backpack for the Buddha Palm weapon was sitting on the floor behind him, and he seemed to feel relief at taking it off. Unlike Gunther, he didn't seem to treat it like it was a precious part of his body. "Hey, Slayer, I've been wondering for a while, is there any issue with all these clones you've made?"

I shrugged. "So far, no issues. They're like having a small army of wordsmiths anywhere you need them."

Saul hesitated, as if considering his next words carefully. "I mean, don't you feel... unnerved? All these copies of you, mutely walking around the city? Every citizen here knows your face by heart for sure. And they just follow orders, like robots, but they're... you know... human. Doesn't that bother you in the slightest?"

I shook my head. "I don't view them as human. They're just tools to be used in the war against the demons. They're convenient and they serve their purpose."

Saul lowered his eyes. "Yeah... I guess so. It's not really my business, so whatever." He wiped his black hair out of his face as he slowly stood up to leave. "Captain Adams, Slayer, always a pleasure. I need to go shower now that I've concluded my part in this briefing. Have a good day."

I nodded thoughtfully and waved as he left. Human? My clones certainly look like humans, but they don't act like it at all. To be honest, they act more like puppets. They just do as I tell them to and that is that. I do constantly worry about what would happen if a commander went rogue and commanded the clones to attack the city with a meteor or something, but I've given them the order that my commands take precedence over Adams whose take precedence over the top generals and so on and so forth. I think it would be fixed quickly if such a thing happened.

I turned back to Adams as my thoughts concluded. "Captain, I've been meaning to ask, what exactly did the Medallion of Apollo function like? Can you explain in detail?"

Adams hesitated as he thought. "Well, it seemed to instantly transfer not just Cody, but all those designated as his subordinates, to this castle. I don't know how it knew the throne room was the place he wanted to return to, but it did."

I nodded slowly. The Crown had told me when I found it what the effects were, but I didn't want to waste such a valuable item. I found it strange that Adams would give it to a fairly low ranking officer, but it turned out to be the perfect use. His brains border on the edge of predicting the future at this point.

"What about the other artifacts I found? Any good uses for them?"

Adams stared at me. "Maybe. They're pretty situational though, it's a tough call. Where do you find these anyway? We have thousands of troops scouring the labyrinth and you are the only one to ever find these objects of incredible magical power."

I shifted my eyes away from him and stared blankly back at the table. "I don't know, Adams. I don't know. I've had the ability to see them since I entered here. They light up like a glowing beacon when I'm within a certain range of them, and I just follow my senses until I get there."

Adams nodded. "Can your clones sense them?"

I rocked back and forth in my seated position as I considered it. "Possibly, maybe even probably, but it's hard to tell."

Adams raised an eyebrow, something I could just barely perceive with my spherical vision. "It's worth a shot, I'd say. The more we can gather, the better."

Adams concluded the meeting eventually and we all went on our way. There's a lot to think about, but this new Grez menace... it will weigh heavily on my mind in the coming days.