Part 153: Imprisoned

I knew it would end up like this. The trial was a farce. Zeus had no intention of letting me speak, he only intended to either shame me into submission, or imprison me to consolidate his power.

Now I'm locked here, in an infinite dimension he specifically created to hold me. Naturally, I require no sustenance to keep myself alive, but surrounded by nothing but white, and a single platform for sitting on... I sit here, treated as if I had killed the king of the gods in his sleep with my own hands.

Every so often, I am allowed a single visitor. Naturally, as an angel, I lack offspring. Angels cannot reproduce, so I have no daughter or son. However, one of the other archangels, my brother Raphael, comes to visit me on occasion.

Today is such a day. I've been imprisoned for 15 rotations of the Earth, and he came, as he said he would. He tends to come every three rotations on the dot.

Raphael walked over, his thin and frail looking body belying his intelligence. "Gabriel, you still seem to be looking well as always."

"As well as I could ever hope to be, given these troublesome circumstances."

Raphael sat next to me, on the small elevated platform. It was essentially a bench, and since angels require neither food nor water nor sleep, I simply sat here and thought a lot, recently. There was no point flaunting my cosmic power, so I had simply shrunk myself to normal angelic size, not that Raphael was ever intimidated by my size. Nothing seemed to bother him.

Raphael stroked his chin as he spoke. "Many things have happened. Zeus has begun an aggressive war against the demons. With the help of humanity and Hercules' Knights, we're crushing them quite easily."

I nodded. "It was to be expected. We could have won the war at any point that we wanted."

Raphael glanced over at me for a split second before slowly looking away. "During the trial, you would not explain your motivations for betraying Hercules, as well as your people. Why were you and Kronos conspiring against your own people? Why do you wish to not win this war?"

I hesitated. I... trust Raphael. He is a good friend. He and I were created nearly at the same time. The Creator was a powerful being and gave both of us our own attributes. Raphael was given wisdom, myself Might, Michael was given Divinity, Uriel was given Justice, and so on. The archangels were given many different things, but it was Raphael I trusted the most.

Strangely, Kronos had figured out so many things about angels and demons. He had figured out that we have to keep the war going, or humanity would turn on us. He had figured out that crushing the demons, an easily accomplished task, was the worst possible thing we could do.

"Raphael, before his death, Kronos and I had a long discussion..."

Raphael listened quietly as I explained the situation between the gods, angels, humans, and demons to him.

...................................................................

"I see. I had always suspected something like that was the case." Raphael nodded quietly, as he once again stroked his chin. "I was able to piece most of it together since the beginning, but I did not know that he was deliberately stoking the flames of war for our people's sake. Then... that means that Zeus is going to potentially be the death of us."

I stared ahead. "Yes. I no longer can stop him, due to my imprisonment. Perhaps I should have challenged him to a duel, then this may have-"

Before I could finish, Raphael raised a hand to interrupt me. "No! I sense a more important destiny for you. Fighting a foolish god is not why you were created, nor I. I believe that Zeus may listen to my counsel... perhaps I can convince him of the dangers without slipping the secrets to him."

I quickly glance over at Raphael. "Beware. Men and gods of hot tempers are ones with loose tongues. If he were to let it slip, it would put all of our people in grave danger."

Raphael stood up slowly. "I am aware of the risks. Despite what some may say, I do not consider myself the wisest being alive. I am simply as wise as I can possibly hope to be given my limited knowledge of the universe. There is much for me to learn, as well as you."

He started to walk towards the portal, holding up his hand. As he approached, the portal cleared up, allowing passage to Heaven.

"Thank you for listening to me, and giving me counsel, brother. May we both find a way to solve this problem without violence." I waved at him as he was about to leave.

"No, thank _you_, Gabriel. My wisdom and knowledge is dependent on others. I will treasure what you have told me and hold it close to my heart. Farewell."

Raphael let a small smile slip as he stepped through the portal, and it fogged up behind him.

I am alone once again. I must leave it to my brother now... only he can save our people.
