Part 226a:

"Make no mistake, these are not good tidings." Zeus and Gabriel had assumed temporary human forms, and were now standing on a skyscraper in New York City, using their peerless vision to observe various things happening among the humans below them. "We neither want the demons wiped out, nor a permanent truce formed with them." Zeus gnawed on his lip slightly, a sign of nervousness he was not one to normally show.

"I agree, but what are we to do? Would you rather we let the alien menace eliminate our kind?" Gabriel glanced down at the ring of Michael's that he was wearing for safekeeping. "We are nearing a second great war, you know. It will not be so easy to let old grudges hold in the face of this new menace. What if the demons decide to somehow ally with the Volgrim?"

"Come now, the demons would not do such a thing so easily. The enemy of my enemy might indeed be their friend, but more likely the Volgrim will see all denizens of this planet in a similar light. Even if they didn't, the demons have no reason to trust an ally they know nothing about."

Zeus nodded ever so slightly as his eyes flicked back to the midday sun. "What really do we know of demons, hmm? Have we ever shared a drink with them? Asked to hear their grievances? Truly we know nothing of their anger and their malice towards our kind, only vague whispering over the millennia. Perhaps the Hero has the right idea. Perhaps by allying the three species against the alien menace, once we wipe them out, we can return to our old grievances and the way things are now."

"Maintain the status quo after first setting it aside? You're naive, Gabriel. Once the humans spend time among demons knowingly, many will likely see the demons as a sort of pet project. You know how humans, especially of this particular century are. Bleeding hearts. They will declare the demons a discriminated species and then demand we give them various provisions. And let's not forget the religious aspect. If humans fight alongside angels and gods, they may come to find that we're not really as worthy of worship as they thought, and this could lead to a state of mass atheism."

Gabriel snorted slightly. "Pft. That may just happen, but look at the world now, Zeus. Be realistic. America is the last stronghold of religion. Much of the world, aside from the very very poor and underdeveloped countries, are already highly agnostic or atheistic, forgoing regular prayer and church seminars. Human scholars with no vested interest in or knowledge of our kind claim that since the turn of the century, most of the developed European countries have become 70% atheistic, and the rest that hang on are only doing it ceremoniously in public for their friends, not in private where it matters."

"Yes, that is true." Zeus waved his hand slightly in acknowledgement as the two of them paced over to the other side of the roof to look down at a small commotion happening on the ground. "But still, Africa has two billion humans, 90% of whom are donating thought energy. America is 70% religious now, thanks to the 'Resurgence' that Raphael brilliantly orchestrated during the 2016 elections. This is only a nation of 500 million, but that is still a large number of future angels to look forwards to, along with current thought energy production. You're overestimating the losses."

"What is that, two and a half billion people donating thought energy, at best? Maybe four billion counting the small portions scattered around the rest of the world? Zeus, I hate to say it, but I think you're blinded by grandeur." Gabriel rubbed his white hair in exasperation. "We have over _four hundred billion_ angels in heaven now. The Resurrectees, as it were, lose spiritual energy much more slowly than pure angels do, but beings such as me require a vast amount to maintain our current spiritual energy levels. If Earth gets much more atheistic... we're going to have to perform a culling of the ranks to maintain even distribution."

Zeus allowed a wave of shock to pass over his face. "Culling?! Are you mad?! Look, it's true that not many people on Earth are donating thought energy, proportionally speaking, but the solution is to increase the population of faith-heavy stronghold countries! If we simply allow a large number of Resurrectees to die, it will only be a temporary solution, and it will weaken our battle numbers!"

"It would be bad, yes, but the alternative-!" Gabriel stopped himself. "Haaah, this is pointless. Let's be honest, we're at the total mercy of the Hero. If he allows the demons to gain too much influence, we lose. If he kills the demons, we eventually lose. If he kills the humans, we still lose. And if he kills _us_, we absolutely lose. Only the status quo we've carefully maintained for millennia is what allows us to live."

"Truly, with all the power we possess, we really are still actually powerless, aren't we?" Zeus mused as he scratched his chin. "...Well, when it all comes down to it, I haven't had a good fight in thousands of years. If we are to die, let us at least make sure we do not go silently into the night."

"Agreed." Gabriel nodded as the two of them smiled at each other.

...................................................................

Marie stared long and hard at the President of the United States. "Thank you for agreeing to meet with me, Mr. President."

Steven nodded as he tapped some embers off his cigarette into the ashtray on the Oval Office Executive Desk. "When I heard that someone of your qualifications had to meet with me, I knew it was urgent." Stevens stifled a hard swallow as his eyes unconsciously flicked across her body. _Keep it together, you have a wife, idiot._ He couldn't help thinking to himself about how gorgeous her dark red hair was, or how the professional-appearing brown blouse looked so good on her, and how it accentuated her feminine curves.

Marie pretended not to notice his eyes jumping all over her body. She was quite used to it, having dated many a man in her life, and having left all of them in the dust. _Men are so easy to understand, not like women who are complicated. I like getting my way._ Marie was not one to overdo it though, and this was unbelievably important.

"Mr. President, I-" She started to speak but he quickly cut her off.

"Please, Marie, let's just have a normal conversation. Call me Steven."

"Right, _Steven_. Anyway, this is the highest level of secrecy, understand? Activate the dampeners."

Steven nodded as he glanced down at the button just under his desk to make sure it was lit up. "Already did it before you came in. Don't worry, someone would have to be a god, or right in this room to hear us. Go on."

"Excellent. This concerns Type 3 Energy, understand? Not a word of this goes out, not even to the director of the NSA. This is Black level clearance only."

Steven leaned forwards ever so slightly. "Type 3 Energy? You've got my attention."

Marie paused for a split second to make sure she had her papers in order. "It concerns an event that happened in July of the year 2016. My team detected a huge surge of Type 3 Energy in a small town in Colorado. The place isn't important, but the energy was. We tracked down an individual named Jason L. Hiro. Take a look." Marie pulled out a photograph of the youth in question and pushed it across the table towards the president.

Steven glanced at it for a moment. "Never seen him before. Looks... scrawny. So was he one of them? Was he the candidate?"

Marie leaned back in her chair, crossing her right leg over her left as her left foot drummed on the ground, up and down. "That's the thing, I don't know. The thing is, we took him in for questioning... and he killed himself less than an hour later in his solitary cell we had put him in."

Steven stared at her with an eye raised for a moment before he reached up with his cigarette and took an unusually long drag before setting it back down and exhaling, as he leaned back in his chair. "Well, that's a first. If he was a candidate, then there's no reason he'd have done that. Aren't true candidates unable to kill themselves? Didn't we confirm that back in the 40's?"

Marie sighed deeply. "Yeah... but there are so many problems with what happened that day. Look, I brought this with me." She pulled out a tiny flash drive, barely the size of her entire thumb. "Plug this in and watch the video."

Steven paused as he took it from her. "You're not going to give me a virus with this, are you?"

"Jesus Christ, Steven. Cut the jokes, this is serious."

"Right, right." Stevens snickered to himself as he plugged the drive in. After a moment, a window popped up with only one video on it. Double clicking it, he watched the video in its entirety, the video only being about twenty five seconds in length.

Marie sits across from the youth she had shown Steven the picture of, both of them in some kind of an interrogation room. Marie sneers at the youth onscreen. _"Fine. You want to play this game? We'll play. Guards. Take him to solitary."_

The youth jumps up, clearly exasperated, as guards enter the room. _"No, no wait! Please!"_

A second later, the youth does something incredible. He yells a single word... "STOP!", and everyone in the room freezes for a split second, but the youth is moving around normally, whipping his head back and forth in confusion. Less than two seconds later, as the youth staggers back, he suddenly clutches his chest in pain, and the guards continue moving again, tackling him to the ground. _"No! No please! This isn't fair! I don't want to be locked up! PLEASE!"_

The video ends, and Steven stares at it, his eyes open wide as saucers. "What the goddamn fucking hell was that?"

Marie nods slowly. "I know. It's unbelievable, isn't it? From my perspective, he yelled 'stop', and then instantly disappeared and reappeared a few feet away, clutching his chest in pain. If I had blinked, I might have thought he had just jumped backwards quickly, but his body was in a totally different position from when he yelled the word."

"W-what do you think that means?" Steven looked back to the video and then back to her, then back to the video. "Is he actually a candidate?"

"You mean ' _was he_ ', don't you? Remember, he killed himself. But that's where the mystery gets weird, Steven. That's where the mystery gets _really_ weird."

Steven suddenly inhaled, realizing he had been holding his breath. "Well? What happened?"

"The body. We had to conclude that despite it being the same as DNA we recovered from the interrogation room, and despite it definitely being a human body... it couldn't have been him. Or if it was, it was one hell of a set-up. It was cold when we found him, and rigor-mortis had already set in. Steven, that's _impossible_. Not to mention that an autopsy showed he hadn't died of strangulation, the shoestring could not have been strong enough to hang a 160 pound body by under normal circumstances, the pipe he hung himself from was unnaturally reinforced somehow, else it would have caved in, and so on. He might have died, but I've ruled it out at this point. That body was a perfect fucking clone somehow... and I just don't see how you sneak such a perfect clone into a secured room like that, and let the prisoner out as well."

Stevens stared blankly at the video on his screen. "Jesus, Marie. So what the hell are we dealing with?"

"That's the thing, shortly afterwards, there was Type 3 Energy detected in other nearby Colorado towns, and it traveled all over nearby states putting off a distinctive aura for a while, even terrorizing some agents we sent after it. I strongly suspect it was this Jason kid."

"Yeah, that makes sense. I don't see how he faked his death with a perfectly cloned body, but if what you're saying is true, then he must have godlike powers, even considering some of the past candidates I've heard about."

Marie tapped a finger on her lip as she reached for a glass of water and took a quick sip. "This brings me to my main point, Steven. Type 3 Energy has not been sighted for almost two years now. And when that 'Judicator' fellow made an appearance at the WCN Conference..."

Steven waved his hand. "Yeah, I already suspected that fellow might be a candidate. I haven't been following news about candidates since the Bohemian Grove initiated me into office, but I still know what a candidate is. I also assumed he might be an angel or a demon, but it's hard to tell under full body armor like that."

"Judicator is probably Jason. I'm... 85% sure of it. I don't know for absolutely sure, as the voice is different, the jaw structure is totally different, the bit of facial hair I was able to see, etc... there's also the fact that we couldn't detect Type 3 energy, but we didn't detect Type 1 or Type 2 energy either, so that doesn't mean anything. He's likely figured out how to hide his presence."

"Seems he's learning. Any idea what his abilities are? If he goes rogue on us..."

"I doubt he will. Candidates have a strong tendency to aid humanity, they cannot easily harm fellow humans. But I do agree we should keep our friends close, and our potential enemies closer, which is why I wrote down some hypotheses about his abilities. Take a look." She slid yet another set of papers stapled together out of her portfolio towards Steven. He yawned as he picked them up.

"This looks fairly lengthy. Mind if I give it a read later?"

"Sure, suit yourself. But burn it when you're done. Leave no traces behind."

"Yeah yeah." Steven glanced at some of the text on the first page. _Manifesting psychic impulses into reality via a combination of telekinetic and telepathic special abilities._ This looked complicated, and he hated complicated things.

"Steven, it's been a pleasure." Marie rose and extended her hand across the table. He took it gently, only to find she had a bone-crushing grip which he quickly tried to reciprocate but failed miserably.

"Y-yeah." He tried to make his pained grimace into a smile, but knew he wasn't one to stand up for himself. He was chosen to be the political pawn exactly because the elites wanted someone easy to boss around. He knew that much. "Thanks for the discussion, Marie. Bring me any more news you find, alright?"

"Yeah. Watch your back, Tiger."

Marie flipped her hair around as she walked out the door.

Steven slumped back into his chair as he skimmed the report. _If that man really is a candidate, and one with these kinds of abilities, then he may be the most powerful candidate Earth has ever seen. We need to tread carefully... and develop... countermeasures._

Steven picked up the phone and dialed a professional acquaintance of his. "Yeah, Silver, that you? Great. Listen, I've got a project for you to work on."
