Part 111 - Grez

Saul instantly leaped into action as he saw the terrifyingly fast monsters approaching within feet of the door. He jumped backwards, somersaulting in midair and aiming his hand at the door as he blasted his Yellow cartridge at the opening. A massive wall of fire and air, dwarfing the previous blast by a few orders of magnitude, shot out of his hand and sent the little scurrying four legged monstrosities flying backwards, smashing against the wall of their nest room.

But to Saul's horror, it seemed to do no damage to the nimble monsters at all. Neither the fire nor the impact against the wall hurt them. Their bodies were protected by a rock hard outer skin, with only small bits of their fleshy undercoat being visible in small spots on the joints. Their bodies were covered in various small and large spiked bones, varying in size and position from one monster to another. They ran on four legs, but had an additional two that sprouted up and out of their armor that looked like stabbing bones for pinning down prey in front of them so the prey couldn't escape. And their _mouths_. Their mouths were filled with five rows of razor sharp teeth, perfect for easily chewing through anything in an instant.

But the speed was the worst. They zipped along, running on walls, the ceiling, apparently able to move on any surface around them as needed.

Samantha watched as Saul's attack did nothing to the little demons, and she quickly used a spell to yank him backwards before they could grab hold of him, and her other hand waved around to create an ice wall in front of the doorway. Double spell-casting was a special ability of hers she had gained since her evolution to Elder Succubus. (Though she hated the 'elder' part of her name, since she was clearly a youthful young princess.)

In a flash, the enemies ganged up on the ice, pounding their bodies against the wall as they quickly leaped back and body slammed it over and over again.

But it was enough. Giving the marines a few seconds to quickly form up, they took their positions. Cody glanced down at his belt and pulled out a medallion Captain Adams had given him before the mission. _Yellow Team is the most successful team of our weapons testers. If things get dire, use this. But only use in an emergency, it will break after a single use._ Captain Adams always looked out for his troops.

Within 15 seconds, the creepers smashed through the ice wall and tumbled to the ground, rapidly righting themselves and charging forwards.

"FIRE!" I bellowed, as three of my best marksman fired their Boomsticks. Three bolts lanced forwards at insane speeds, piercing the thick armor of the monsters as they stumbled and fell to the ground.

But they didn't die.

It seemed to visibly slow them down, but they showed no signs of pain, no screams of agony, nothing. And the shots didn't go all the way through, they only stuck halfway inside the beasts. These monsters weren't just small and fast, they were _tough_.

Gunther charged forwards, blasting into the first monster, his rocket fist smashing it in the face with incredible force. The monster staggered back, falling down and slumping dead to the floor. One down, more than a hundred to go.

I gazed in horror, as the wave of monsters charged at us. This is it, we will die here for sure. I have to use it.

Grabbing the medallion, I raised it in the air and shouted.

**"Apollo!"**

And instantly, my entire group appeared in the throne room of Hero City's castle. Everyone stumbled forwards and fell to the ground ungracefully as their surroundings instantly changed. Captains Adams happened to be entering the room as we arrived, and gasped as he saw our sudden appearance. Just as the shock from that was about to fade, he gasped again when he realized how we had appeared.

"You used Apollo's Medallion?! What the devil happened to make you have to do that?! I said it was for use only in emergencies!"

I stared at the ground as the fear of the previous moments finally started to fade.

"Trust me, Adams. You're not going to believe what just happened to us."