Part 054 - Athelticism

Forty-seven... forty-eight... forty-nine... fifty!

I gasped for breath as I heaved my chest in and out. Training is not fun. I'd never really trained or worked out in my life. I always just kind of 'existed' when it came to my body's health.

Since I arrived in the Labyrinth, I've never taken my body seriously. I kept getting handed spiritual power for free by everyone under the sun, and soon grew haughty because I imagined I was a God. I am not, I am simply a normal everyday man with some lucky, unique, cool abilities.

With that in mind, in order to become a true warrior, I must first master the body so that I can master the mind.

I train now, every day before sunrise. I still am mystified by where the sun comes from, and the room I'm in seems to have no end. No matter how I look at it, it can't be a tiny bubble on my Mental Map. Interestingly, this room itself never seems to move, but outside hallways occasionally shift and meet the main door that leads out into the labyrinth.

And also...

As I did my third lap around the castle, I still felt _it_. When I first arrived in this hell, I felt as though I was being watched. I still feel it. No matter where I go, with my new Detection and Perception abilities, I can definitely feel a gaze trained on me at all minutes and hours of the day. It never stops. I feel it acutely, yet it comes from nowhere.

Who is watching me? Why do they watch? Is it perhaps a game they're playing? Am I a contestant in some strange game they play with new arrivals? Perhaps this is all the work of a great god or demon, they created this hell just to amuse themselves.

I do not know, but someday I will find out.

...

After my tenth lap, I stopped completely and fell to the ground. The exhaustion was unbearable. This castle was huge, and running around it took 5 minutes each time. I had managed to run nonstop around it all the time, thanks to casting " _Stamina!_ " on myself, but it almost felt like cheating. For sure I'd have dropped before making the first lap without it.

But I don't consider it cheating. I'm simply using my spiritual abilities to enhance my natural ones.

Interestingly, unlike other magic users, my magical effects do not fade over time. If I cast "Enhance" on something, the enhancement is permanent. It doesn't feed off my energy continuously as it would another person's, and it never fades away.

Every morning, when I wake up, I enhance my body as much as possible while still leaving a spiritual energy reserve that allows me to run and do my exercises. I have enhanced myself a dozen times in different areas of the body already. Thanks to some effect of Wisdom King Raphael or perhaps the Crown of Solomon coupled with my perception ability, I can speed up and slow down my perception of time and my body movements at will, and the effect is quite amazing if I don't say so myself.

Still, I'm not getting cocky. I need a weapon and some fantastic armor would make my inevitable voyage back into the maze more sustainable. I could probably just live here in the old territory of Bahamut (Recently renamed to Hero City by its residents!), but I feel restless. These people are living normal lives after their awful entrapment for god knows how long, but I refuse to. I have a purpose and a mission.

Sighing deeply while lying on the grass, I wonder to myself what I should do next. Once I've finished training to a decent extent, what should my next move be?

...

Meh, I'll think about it when I get there.