Part 374a:

"Commander Hiro, glad to see you survived." The Bitch of Britannia fans herself onscreen because the ambient temperature in her ship seems to be a bit above normal. Probably some issue with the climate controls. That, or she's having a hot flash, I'm not sure.

"Beatrix. It's been many years since we spoke. How are you?" Both of us ignore the fifty or so angels milling about behind me. I pulled as many survivors out of Heaven as I could find, but it was nowhere near a hundred. This is all that remains of the angelic species, and all of them are human converts.

Normally I'd go to the Bridge or my quarters to talk privately, but the message was flagged as informal, so I decided to have it in the mess hall. Frankly, I'm not in the mood for a serious conversation. I've had enough happen today. At least the mess hall has some soft music playing, it helps with my relaxation.

"I'm fine. Retirement has treated me well." Beatrix reaches down and takes a sip from a fancy Chinese cup in front of her. Knowing her, it's probably tea of some sort. "It appears things didn't go very well over the last twenty years."

"What would make you say that." I respond with a rhetorical question. "Was it the total destruction of Earth, the eradication of the angels, the reappearance of the Volgrim, or the fact they had a Death Star?"

"Don't be a smartass. We have to move past the failures. The good news is that Mars has been a military facility for humanity for a long time now. We have a lot of secret elements at play here." Beatrix sets the cup down and a pleasant expression comes over her face. "We actually had no counter to that battle station though, so it's a good thing you took care of it or we'd all be dead."

Her smile makes me feel unsettled. "Great. Glad to help." I decide not to correct her about who truly destroyed Refuge. After all, that would lead to more questions, and at this point it doesn't matter. I'll make sure Arthur's sacrifice wasn't in vain. "Beatrix... I know you've been in retirement, but-"

She cuts me off immediately. "I returned just in time to crush several thousand Volgrim ships that were launching an assault on Mars. That is all. Don't expect me to fight this war for you. You're the goddamn Supreme Commander, act like it." She leans back in her chair and looks away sullenly. "In the end, they will hate you no matter how you perform."

Her words have an edge to them. She is clearly filled with regret, and the way humanity dropped her during her election all those years ago must have hit her hard.

"I hope you don't blame yourself. There are many people who still respect the Bitch of Britannia. You saved Earth many times during the initial Volgrim invasions."

"I have my supporters, it's true." She turns back to look at me again, but her voice is neutral now. "Doesn't change anything. If I have to fight, it will only be for one reason, and that's to protect my home. Mars cannot and will not be destroyed. The Volgrim will be back, whether it takes one day or one century. If they come, I will fight them."

Relief floods over my face. "That's all I wanted to request of you. I don't want you to lead humanity's forces, and certainly not out of obligation. I just... I want you to be there for the people that believe in you."

"That's all I can do, Jason." Someone whispers something to Beatrix offscreen and she rolls her eyes. "Here we go again. It's always something. Take care of yourself, time traveler. I'll be in touch."

I nod at her and the screen goes blank a moment later.

I'm sitting at my table with a steak meal in front of me, but I barely feel hungry. I cut a piece of the juicy meat only to find myself asking if this is right. All the animals on Earth are gone. All the cows, chickens, cats, dogs... they're all gone. This isn't even a real steak, it's a fake approximation made by a replicator.

All the life on Earth is dead now... and it's because I was too weak. My power is massive, yet insignificant. Compared to the power of all the stars in the universe, I am nothing. Whoever created the universe is far greater than I will ever be.

I stare out the window at the stars and wonder to myself for a while. The Creator... the angels believe he or she existed at one point. Does the Creator still exist? Did they die? Are they in hiding? Why create a universe filled with hate and strife, death and destruction? Why create sentient species that only seek to kill each other?

I'm reminded of a conversation I had a long time ago. Boredom is the true enemy of immortal beings. Supposing someone were powerful enough to create a universe, what could oppose them? What could they hope to learn if they were omniscient? What could they seek to achieve if there was nothing left to achieve? Of what value is a score if you set the standards for that score yourself and you can break it with no effort?

I miss Arthur already.

...

Minutes pass, and I'm surprised as someone sneaks up behind me and rubs my shoulders. Of course, it barely takes me a second to realize who they are. "Amelia."

"How did you know?" She asks the question as if there is any other woman who would boldly come up and be intimate with me.

"Lucky guess." I shove a pea on my plate around with my fork, abusing the poor thing with malice in my heart. "They're dead. All of them."

"The angels." She doesn't ask it as a question. Moving around to my right side, she pulls up a chair and sets it right next to me, then sits down and leans against me, putting an arm around my back. "I was really worried about you."

"You had good reason to be. I... I almost gave up." I glance down at her and feel sort of depressed at how she enviously stares at the food on my plate. She'll never be able to appreciate the taste of it.

Amelia is quiet for a few moments. "I did too."

This surprises me. "You did? Why? You're always so cheerful and optimistic."

She shakes her head slowly and buries her face into my arm. "I'm not, actually. I just try to be. There's no reason to be sad or depressed all the time. Sometimes though, I just can't help it."

Amelia... she's never really shown any negative emotions in all the time I've known her. At worst, she might have shown some worry over what was going to happen to me, but not more than that.

"You seem like you're sad now." I leave the statement hanging in the air, and figure that if she wants to elaborate, she will.

She does. "Why shouldn't I be? I liked Earth, you know. I hoped you were wrong about the future. I thought maybe you'd change the future and Earth would be saved."

"It doesn't sound like Earth is the only thing you're worried about."

She pulls her head away from my arm and leans against me more gently now, nibbling on a fingernail. "Well... if you were wrong about the Earth, and the Volgrim... then the rest of the future is probably going to play out too."

"Maybe."

My simple response seems to make her want to keep talking. "If you were wrong about all that, then something big is going to happen. We're probably going to have to fight Satan."

I raise an eyebrow. " _We're_ going to? If you don't fight him, then you won't be the one to kill him. That means that the future will be different."

She's wholly unconvinced. "You really think you can still change the future? Don't you see the futility yet? It's impossible. The future will always fix itself." She smiles wryly. "I mean, think about it. I don't know what your motivation was for traveling back in time, but if you change the past and that motivation changes, you won't have any reason to go back in time. And since you won't have any motivation, you won't go back, and thus you won't change the past anyway."

"You're talking about the Grandfather Paradox."

"Yeah." She loops her arm through mine and smiles up at me. "Don't you see? It's pointless. You can't change the future, because if you could, then you would erase the future where you time traveled. It would break reality."

I nod along slowly and think to myself again about Benjamin Brown. Reality itself fought to make sure he died. No matter how I saved him, or how many times I shielded him from harm, death found a way to come for him. Was he destined to die? Is changing the future futile?

"Human designated Jason Hiro, I have been following your conversation with the utmost interest." The music from the speakers in the ceiling cuts off, and a robotic voice chimes in from the ceiling, causing everyone in the mess hall to stare up in confusion.

Christ. It's Umi.

"Great. Don't mind us, just having an intimate conversation." I mutter the words just barely loud enough for Amelia to hear me, but apparently Umi picks them up loud and clear.

"Do not fret, I will not worry. I don't care about the feelings of an inferior life form in the slightest." Her biting wit makes me grimace visibly. "I am simply here to congratulate you on your recent performance during the destruction of Earth."

Now I'm confused, and so is Amelia. "Uhhh, who's that?" She stares up at the ceiling, baffled at the strange voice speaking from the heavens.

I roll my eyes. "I told you about her once. She's Umi, an artificial intelligence. She claims to be omniscient."

"Huh. Neat." Amelia now is totally mentally disconnected from the conversation we were having. Way to ruin the mood, Umi.

"I am a highly evolved life-form, not an artificial intelligence. From my perspective, you are the artificial intelligences. After all, you have no intelligence to speak of, meaning your definition of the term 'intelligence' is artificial and based on social constructs."

Oh my god _shut the fuck up_. This computer drives me up the goddamn wall. "Umi, please just get on with it. We're trying to enjoy a meal here."

"That does not seem to be the case. You are merely moving the food around on your plate, while the female homunculus beside you is unable to ingest such substances."

Amelia jerks her head up to look at me. _Homunculus?_ Her lips mouth the words and I shrug.

"Just get on with it!" I yell upwards and realize now everyone in the mess hall is staring at me. Between the angels that arrived, Amelia, and several of my clones, everyone seems to be wondering what's going on. At least my clones understand who she is. This is going to be a pain to explain.

"As I stated, I wanted to congratulate you. You exceeded my expectations with regards to your performance defending planet Earth. You dealt with the first major catastrophe with flying colors."

I stare up at her blankly. "You do realize Earth was destroyed and the angels were basically eradicated, right? I'd hardly call that a success."

"You are correct, however my initial hypotheses substantiated that you were of such inferior intelligence that you would be unable to save all of humanity and all of the angels, leading to the total extinction of both, and there was even a 12.5% chance of you inadvertently eradicating both species yourself. Additionally, due to your sub-par mental acuity, I hypothesized that there was a 2.3% chance you and all of your clones would die during the Volgrim assault. You outperformed my expectations by substantial margins in all categories."

The entire hall is dead silent. Everyone simply stares at the ceiling with their mouths agape, including me.

Finally, after a full five seconds of blank staring, I relent. "Thanks for the praise, Umi. That uh... that really means a lot to me."

Umi makes an odd beeping sound. "I have detected, with a 45% threshold of probability, that you might be acting sarcastic right now."

"Wow, Umi, you're really good at this."

"I have detected, with a 68% threshold of probability, that you might be acting sarcast-"

"Oh my god! Shut up!" I bellow at the stupid goddamn supercomputer and she stops squawking for a few moments.

"That was decidedly not sarcastic. I am taking notes on your odd behavior currently. I recommend a psychoanalyst to determine if there are significant aberrations in your personality matrix." Umi beeps a few times before continuing. I don't bother interrupting, as I'm starting to feel dead inside. "In any case, that was only phase one of the level three calamity that humanity was to face. There is a second phase you must deal with. Based on your superb performance in the first phase, I have every confidence that you will succeed at stopping ten percent of the incoming threats."

Finally, she says something useful and I can wipe the drool from the side of my mouth. "There's more to come? You must mean the Volgrim will return. We'll be ready."

Umi doesn't respond for a few moments, and when she does, her voice sounds really weird. "Hah! That's a laugh! This idiot thinks he can stop them! What a riot! I'll bet he also thinks-" The voice cuts off and Umi's normal voice returns. "Hmm, another anomaly in my personality subroutines. I will have to make some more adjustments. In any case, Jason Hiro, I will wait expectantly on your performance in the second phase."

"Great. Thanks for nothing." I lower my head and lightly bash it on the table in front of me.

"You are welcome." Her voice cuts off and the music continues at exactly the same spot it was before.

Amelia stares at me, dumbfounded. "You want to explain what just happened?"

A quick glance around the hall shows that literally everyone but my clones are looking at me expectantly.

"Not really, but I guess I might as well speak to an audience."

..............................................................

Nufaris sat on the bridge of the Dolfraxis, staring blankly at the stars that zipped past while his crew moved at warp 6. Putting distance between themselves and the Terran sector was a requirement after what had happened.

His right hand loosely held a small silver dagger, one of exquisite craftsmanship taken from a vault on Volgarius during the evacuation. Few knew of its origins, including himself, but still he admired it. On the handle, a design of a strange birdlike creature was etched, one unlike anything he'd ever seen on Volgarius.

From what he knew about the history of the Volgrim, taken from Unarin's memory recorder and the other top level files Nufaris had been able to access as leader of his race, Volgarius had been a barren planet compared to its predecessor. Volgarius Alpha, the original homeworld for the Volgrim, had been a rich and diverse planet, covered in trees and flowers, teeming with wildlife.

_Only due to the incident at Melkian IV..._ Nufaris shook his head slowly. Humans were supposed to be the evil ones. In truth, after everything he'd learned, Nufaris had grown to loathe the history of his own people far more than any atrocity the humans might have committed.

_It's probably for the best they destroyed our homeworld. Many of the weaker elements of our society were purged anyway, and much of our violent history was washed away._

What a history it was. Endless war for thousands, perhaps a million years. His kind had unlocked the secret of immortality, yet their numbers grew too rapidly without the population controls needed to sustain a society of immortals. It was their own undoing in the end.

"Executor, does something trouble you?" The first officer, Velvel, stared over at his commander emotionlessly. "It has been three cycles, yet you have not spoken to the crew other than to give orders."

"So what if I haven't?" Nufaris lowered his head to stare at his dagger. "What does it matter? We've lost. Their numbers are superior. Their technology is our match. They have abilities that bend the fabric of reality." Nufaris spoke softly, so the rest of the crew on the bridge would not be able to discern his exact words. "We were supposed to crush them with the might of Refuge. Billions of our brothers allowed their light to be extinguished so that we would have room to expand the weaponization of the assault platform. Were their deaths not in vain?"

Nufaris tilted his head up and stared back out at the vastness of space. "Unarin made a mistake in choosing me. I should have just taken our people and fled the stars, banishing the rage of our people to the ether. Our numbers would still be vast, and we might have found a planet to colonize. Revenge has done nothing but weaken us. It is a petty emotion, and one we should abolish."

Velvel sat quietly for a minute or so as both of them took in the serenity of the universe around them. "I am not so certain. The humans have not abandoned their emotions. They still have fear, anger, sadness, revenge, love, and many others. We consider them to be unenlightened, yet they have only lost to us in small ways, and crushed us in bigger ways. Indeed, we have destroyed their homeworld, as they destroyed ours, yet they can easily create a new planet suitable for life. They will rebuild and survive. We will stagnate."

Nufaris finally turned to look at his first officer, surprise in his eyes. "You're suggesting that they have something we don't."

"Only that emotions have not weakened them. Perhaps emotions have costs that are too great for a species to survive, but we would be deceiving ourselves if we said that a lack of emotions has made us stronger. Further, the lie would have a second layer of complexity to it, as revenge is an act, but one that we take in pursuit of emotions. To pursue revenge for the destruction of Volgarius, we must first admit that the loss of our homeworld angered us, and that it saddened us. After that, we must make the decision to assault the humans, in order to make them feel the same emotions we once did."

The first officer smiled, an expression he had never shown in front of the Executor. "In the end, we are lying to ourselves. We are only pretending to show no emotion. We still feel them, and perhaps more strongly than the humans do. I think that if you were to take any course of action now, it would be to allow our kind to stop lying to themselves."

Nufaris raised an eyebrow as he glanced around the ship. None of the other Volgrim were watching him, and none could hear this conversation, yet he felt as if all of their attention was on him.

"What should we do, then? How should we pursue such a course of action?"

"We prepare for a final assault against the humans. This will be the last one ever. We will surely perish, but we will make them feel our wrath." Velvel's smile tightened as his fist clenched and his arm trembled. "I... I lost many members of my house when Volgarius was destroyed. Friends. Family. I have never forgotten them. I will never allow myself to forget those emotions I experienced. If you asked me to commit a suicidal attack on the humans, I wouldn't hesitate."

The Executor allowed himself to smile too, though it was a forced expression. He merely wished to test out how it felt. "I laughed when we crushed Earth into dust. It was a feeling I would love to experience again."

"Executor, there is..." The communications officer spoke up suddenly, alarm in his voice. "...a call... on the subspace relay. This signature though, it's being broadcast on a channel I don't recognize."

Velvel and Nufaris shot a look at each other before glancing at their respective holopads.

"This encryption key. I recognize it." Nufaris breathed quietly. "P-patch it through. It must be a mistake."

The viewscreen on the bridge activated and a gasp erupted through the hall as the face of the former highest ranked Volgrim appeared.

"First Founder Unarin!" Velvel exclaimed in surprise as he leaned forwards in his seat. "We thought you had passed during the assault on Volgarius!"

The First Founder stared directly at Nufaris silently, as a strange looking bipedal automaton came into view. "I've been busy. Nufaris, I see you've gotten my people into a fine mess."

Nufaris opened and closed his mouth, as he stared not at Unarin, but the robotic lifeform beside him. "That's... that's..."

Unarin shook his head slowly. "This is not a Sentinel. This is the second version of the Gatekeeper protocol. I presume you have reviewed my memory logs?"

Nufaris lowered his head and stared at the floor. "I have. You... you wouldn't really reactivate the Sentinels, would you?"

"I would, I could, and I did." Unarin pursed his lips. "I expected things to turn out in the way they did. However, I have returned and as such I will be taking over the leadership of the Volgrim."

Unarin started to say something else, but he frowned instead. "Where are the other Founders?"

Executor Nufaris, current highest ranked of the Volgrim, felt a cold terror wash over him. "Th-they perished. An accident aboard Refuge during a routine maintenance test, several orbital cycles ago."

Unarin's eyes narrowed ever so slightly. "You would lie to the most powerful of all Volgrim? Foolish. I had thought better of you."

Nufaris stood up from his chair and glared at the First Founder. "How dare you call me a liar! You are a hypocrite! A usurper to that title! You are _not_ the most powerful of the Volgrim!"

If Unarin was surprised, he kept it well hidden. "I am now. Step down, Nufaris. If you do not, I will make you."

The Executor slowly sat back down and glanced to the side. Every officer on the bridge was looking from him to Unarin, wondering what would happen.

_I can't sacrifice the future of my species on petty power squabbles._

Nufaris sighed. "Do as you will. I hereby hand the power of the Volgrim back to First Founder, Unarin."

The first founder raised an eyebrow. "That's 'Executor Unarin', _Elder_ Nufaris. Since I am the final remaining Founder, it makes little sense for me to have a numerical title. But then, I suppose that's why you changed your title too, isn't it?" Unarin's tongue snaked out of his mouth as he licked his lips. "I will get to the bottom of this, and then I will crush the humans."

The bridge was silent as the video feed cut off, leaving all to look from one Volgrim to the other, wondering what would happen next for their kind.
