Part 062: Roland

I've always considered myself a warrior. A mighty man. A man with nerves of steel.

Yet here I am, cautiously entering a magical doorway into the heavens only knows what evil place. My sword is held firmly in my two hands, yet my hands are sweating and my knees are slightly shaking.

Before we even entered, we could see inside the doorway. A dark, foreboding hallway presented itself. Cautiously walking around the backside of the door, we were stunned to see that the door vanished from view if seen from the rear. I reached my hand through it from the visible side, and it passed through effortlessly. No spell was placed to forbid entry.

What if this was her plan? Maybe she left the door open so that her minions she had left behind would devour anyone who entered. The thought of some demon jumping out and devouring me was making my usual confidence crumble. I left two troopers of the ten I had brought with me behind to guard the doorway at our world's side. Wherever this led to, if the way closed, they would at least be able to ride back and inform the king of what had happened.

Cautious. That's how I would describe myself. I was famed as the world's greatest military leader, having commanded many famous recent battles, including the battle of One Thousand Terrors, where we successfully defended against a large group of irregular monsters, the majority of which were Orcs. I had only taken the safest possible route to victory, however, as I always did. By placing my men's lives as the highest priority, we always fought long battles of attrition and wore the enemy out, then surged to a final major counterattack and seized victory. It had won me over a dozen medals in many different conflicts. At 40 years of age though, I was beginning to tire of the military lifestyle.

"General Todoro... if we should survive this expedition and somehow beat back or defeat the Dark Witch... remind me to permanently retire."

Todoro smirked. "As if. You can play the worrywart, but your heart will always lie on the field of battle."

I nodded apprehensively. It would seem that I may never escape the hells of war.

...

Entering the doorway with my 7 soldiers and General Todoro, we were immediately struck by the _smell_ of the place. It smelled like dirt, but very bloody and death-filled dirt. I ran my hand along the closest wall. It was indeed a very smooth earthen texture. Where the devil have we found ourselves?

Todoro held his torch up as we walked. We couldn't see far ahead. The blinding light of our world was growing distant behind us. The hallway had many paths that veered off to the right and the left, but as we had no idea where we were going, we simply kept following the main path, however it turned and twisted. Soon, the doorway to our world was out of sight, and out of mind.

Some time passed, as we silently walked forward, making the least possible noise that we could. There was shockingly little life here. We spotted one rat at some point, which had made a noise in the dark and made my heart skip a beat as terror nearly seized me. Truly, the highest ranking general of Trandor, getting bloodshot eyes over a fist-sized rat... what had the kingdom come to?

Finally, we entered a small room. This room had ominous blue-colored torches lit in its four corners. For some reason, it had a two benches that faced a table in the center of the room, and three other paths that branched forwards, left, and right. Counting the direction that we had just came from, that made four paths.

Curiously, only one of the paths was through a door. It was a small wooden door, off to our right. The other paths were open, though we could not see far down either way.

Cautiously entering the room, one of our troopers carefully stepped around, checking for traps. Finding none, we warily rested our weary bodies on the benches, though we sat facing away from the table, towards the various pathways where an ambush could come from.

"This is truly an evil place." Todoro quietly spoke, breaking the unspoken rule of silence we had maintained all the way to this point. "Nothing lives here, yet somehow that demon came from this world. What place is this to have spawned such an evil child?"

I slowly shook my head, while facing the doorway we had come from. "I know nothing. I am as clueless as you are. This place is truly a nest for demons."

One of the men suddenly sat up straight. His entire body went stiff as he cocked his head listening for something. All of us sensed his movement and immediately stiffened, a couple of the soldiers silently rose to their feet, bodies alert.

Seconds passed. I slowly glanced at the soldier. "What do you hear, Peter?"

His voice was trembling when he replied. "I... I... I think I hear... footsteps. In the distance."

He suddenly turned towards the door. "From... there." He slowly raised a trembling hand towards the door.

We all listened carefully. At first, I heard nothing. But then again, Peter had incredible hearing. He would not lie about such a thing. I trusted his judgement about this. All of us quickly and silently stood up, facing the door. I kept peeking behind us at the open hallways. "If something evil comes through that door. We must flee from the direction we came. Do I make myself clear?" I whispered urgently at the others. Peter was shaking with an incredible fear.

"G-general... there are a lot of f-footsteps coming."

Finally, I heard it. Click-clack, click-clack, like the sound of bones scraping on metal.

BOOM!

The door shook as something slammed into it.

BOOM!

Whatever it was, it was trying to break through!

"RUN!" I yelled, as my men and I fled out the exit we had entered through. From behind us, the sounds of the door crashing onto the ground made a resounding _boom_ in the distance as we fled further back into the tunnels whence we came.

And more ominously, we only heard the sound of those dreadful footsteps. They were following us, and they were running fast.
