Part 365a: Recursion

Sounds of people talking, mixed with unhurried footsteps and whispering were what the man awoke to. Everything sounded muddy, as if he had dunked his head underwater and was listening to someone on a nearby boat. By the time his eyes started to open, the sounds had cleared up somewhat, and the first thing he could see was the soft glow of a light directly above him. It reminded him of the light a dentist might shove into his face, except much more muted overall.

"Wh... where am..." He spoke hesitantly, though his mouth and throat were incredibly dry. It was as if he had swallowed several glasses full of sand. He'd never felt so parched in his life.

"Patient seven is awake!" A voice spoke up to his right, and he tilted his head up to see... himself. A clone of himself, to be precise. "You must be famished. Welcome back to the land of the living, Sensei." The clone smiled kindly at him, and Sensei took a moment to realize he was one from the medical division. Apparently he called himself Scotty, if Sensei's memory served him right.

Sensei opened his mouth again, but nothing could come out. He tried to lift his arm but it simply wouldn't respond properly. Luckily, Scotty seemed to get the picture. "Here's a glass of water. Lemme prop you up, try not to choke it down."

He couldn't help himself. The moment the frigid liquid entered his mouth, a pleasant feeling spilled out all over his body, making his limbs tingle.

_By god, I've never tasted water this delicious in my life!_

A surge of energy filled him and he quickly jerked his arm up to grab the glass, forcing the rest of it down in one mighty gulp, surprising the other clone who had him propped up. "Damn! Slow dow-"

"MORE!" Sensei screamed at the top of his lungs, making everyone in the room flinch in surprise. Nobody argued before giving the senior clone another glass without hesitation.

In fact, it took four glasses before he could finally pant and wheeze without wanting more. "Shit. That was amazing."

"You okay, Sensei?" Scotty let him back down to lie flat as he took a step away. "You've been out for over twelve hours."

"Twelve hours? What happened?" Sensei had hardly asked the question before he realized his right arm itched like crazy. He started to reach over to scratch it but the other clone batted his hand away deftly.

"Don't. We're still extracting Contagion X from your body." Before Sensei could ask what that might be, he jerked a thumb to the right of Sensei's head, where a huge machine was filled with a strange black concoction. His eyes quickly took it in before noticing a tube that went straight into his arm, with a thin amount of the black viscous agent being drained out of his body slowly.

"The hell is this?"

He blurted out the question and the other clone shook his head. "You and two third gens were attacked by a demon of some sort. From what we've seen of your suit's video and audio logs, our analysis of the demon was inconclusive. You never got a good look at it."

Sensei nodded slowly before the memories suddenly rushed back into his mind. Being thrown through the air, teleporting away, his backup had arrived, and then everything went dark.

"I don't even know how I ended up here."

"Didn't think so. You were alive one second, dead man walking the next. Let me refresh your memory."

Scotty spent several minutes explaining to the best of his knowledge what had happened and Sensei merely stared at the ceiling and listened intently, until soon he had completed the short story.

"So it somehow passed through the soles of my shoes, entered my body, and went off like a bomb? I've never heard of a damn thing that can do something like that."

"Nobody has. But based on this fluid here, we've concluded at least one important fact. First... it _hates_ the light." Scotty beckoned towards the machine and held his hand flat in the air before it. "It might be hard to see, but this liquid is very slightly angling itself away from the ceiling's light. But if I shine my flashlight at it, look and see what happens."

He pulled a flashlight from his pocket and aimed it at the liquid, turning it onto max power. The liquid instantly started trembling, pulling away from the light and shoving itself against the other side of the machine, as if desperately trying to get away.

"It's... alive?" Sensei leaned towards it slightly and squinted, but it was as black as squid ink. He couldn't see anything special about it.

Scotty shook his head as he flicked the light off, allowing the goop to settle back into place. "No. It appears to be a wholly inorganic compound. Not a trace of life anywhere to be seen. The reaction to light appears to be automatic, kind of like the liquid soap and water trick where you make pepper run away when you touch it." Scotty made a little motion with his hands to illustrate, but Sensei didn't have a clue what he was talking about. Clones that understood science stuff were pretty rare.

"Right. Do you have any theories on how it got inside my suit?"

Scotty walked away from Sensei, shrugging as he walked over to his medical datapad he'd left laying on a nearby table. "Sort of, but not quite. The theory is so preposterous, I'd find it hard to swallow if it didn't involve a demon."

"Try me." Sensei shifted on the medical bed, feeling his strength returning in spades. Pulling himself up, he managed to lurch into a sitting position, though the motion made him feel somewhat queasy. Glancing around, he spotted the other two clones, still deep asleep, each with their own machines to drain the muck from one arm and pump blood inside another.

"Well... I think it might be able to travel through darkness with extreme efficiency, and since the underside of your shoe is pitch black, as is the underside of your feet and the inside of your body... it somehow ignored the physical and magical barriers created by the hypersuit and entered your body. Based on Centurions logs of your vitals, you probably died within a tenth of a second from the instant it contacted the sole of the hypersuit's boot."

"Oh. Have you found a counter to it, then?"

His question was met with a defeated gaze. "Not yet. I'm working on it though. Maybe I'll fit the suits with glowing parts all over the inside to prevent other such attacks in the future."

"Won't work. There's sure to be a gap in the lighting array." Sensei started to say something else, but paused and chuckled to himself. "Haha... actually, there might be something I can do."

"Oh yeah? What's that?" Scotty perked up at the thought of someone giving him fresh ideas. "I'll take anything right now."

Sensei dramatically cleared his throat as he spoke a single word. " **Bioluminescence.** "

An instant later, his body began to glow softly, and a roiling pain erupted in his chest cavity as he felt a horrible urge to vomit. Just as he was about to, the feeling vanished, and his right arm suddenly shook violently as the thin stream of black goop trickling into the pipe erupted into a full bore river of blackness. The contagion inside of his body seemed to scream in pain as it fled his innards and rushed through the easiest escape it could find, and less than ten seconds later, not even a drop was left entering the machine to his side.

Several clones in the medbay gawked at Sensei, not just because he was glowing now, but also because of what had just happened.

"It's... it's..." Scotty smacked his lips slightly as he flicked his gaze back to his pad. "Zero percent contamination. All of Contagion X is gone from your body."

Sensei couldn't hide the cocky smirk on his face as he ripped the tube from his arm, the wound it left behind closing a moment later thanks to his innate regeneration. Not only that, but he felt ten times more energetic, as if he was ready to go fight demons right that instant.

"What can I say? I'm a genius."

"No kidding." Scotty walked over quickly and flipped the blood machine off, pulling it out of Sensei's arm forcefully before wordsmithing 'refill' to top the blood count in his body off again. "Can't say the Original would be smart enough to think of that."

"Maybe. Who can know?" Sensei sat up in his bed and smiled broadly. "Am I good to go?"

"I'd take a day of bedrest, just to be sure... but you're probably just fine, boss." Scotty chuckled to himself as he walked away shaking his head. "Just gonna patch up these two now and I guess that's that."

Sensei nodded as he hopped out of bed and flexed his arms, suddenly feeling a tide of anger sweep over his body.

_That demon thought he could take me out so easily, huh? I think it's time for the hunter to become the hunted._

................................................................

Jorge walked down the street towards London's general hospital at a moderate pace, feeling the crisp winter air fill his lungs. The midday sun shone faintly in the sky, but the clouds overhead barely allowed much of it to pass through. Still, the world was illuminated much brighter than he had been used to aboard his exploration vessel. Curiously, the vessel had been cranked up to 120% of Earth's gravity, because Hawkeye had always been one to state that it would help build muscle. Indeed, Jorge might have realized his body felt a lot lighter than usual if he weren't in such a sullen mood.

He had considered driving a hovercar, but considering the accident that had taken the life of his daughter, and nearly that of his wife as well, he was in no rush to jump in a motorized vehicle anytime soon.

Jorge tapped his holowatch and a quick indicator popped into midair, letting him know he was only about ten blocks away. As he turned it back off, a voice spoke up from a nearby bench. "Nice gadget ya got there, kiddo."

An old man was sitting on the bench, smiling crookedly at him, and his clothes were somewhat dingy. "Pretty nice day out, ain't it, boy?"

"Sure." Jorge mumbled quietly, glancing down at a cardboard sign the old man had laying on its side beside the bench. _THE END OF DAYS ARE HERE. READ THE BOOK OF REVELATION._

The old man caught his gaze and smiled even wider. "You a reader of the Bible, sonny?"

"Not particularly. My wife and daughter are... were, rather." Jorge felt almost odd talking about his wife and daughter in the past tense, as if they were already gone. His wife was still alive, at the least. He came to a stop, instead of just walking past the old man. "Daughter was killed in a car accident... not even two days ago. Gotta visit my wife in the hospital... on my way there now."

The old man's smile faded away quickly. "Oh, shucks. Sorry, son. Didn't mean to bring that up."

"It's not your fault. Don't worry about it." He shuffled his feet as he glanced at the sign again. "You really believe that stuff? The end of days?"

"Hard to say, ain't it? Might just be a crazy old man. Might just be usin' it to drum up sympathy so people drop a dollar in the hat." He chuckled as he leaned forwards, holding a wide-brimmed cowboy hat a little closer to Jorge.

Jorge smiled faintly. "Money's all digital these days, grandpa. It's all on a card."

"Damn. That's a cryin' shame." The old man licked his lips as a few police cars breezed past. He eyeballed them for a moment before pulling out a small machine. "I take plastic too, kid."

"You sly dog." Jorge finally broke out into a grin as he typed in twenty dollars on the machine and slid his card through. "Hope you aren't scamming me. I've got a family to feed, you know." He stopped himself again as the grin vanished. "Well... I did."

"Son, I got some bad news for ya. Family ain't mean a thing. We're all gonna die someday. Everything you'll ever do, everything you'll ever see, all your memories, all your lovers and haters... it ain't gonna matter once you pass on. I feel bad for that wife and daughter of yours, but they'd pass one way or another, just as mine did." The old man stopped smiling as he leaned back against the bench, his eyes hollow and devoid of joy. "Even if they don't die, life would get boring eventually. Ain't nothing worth living for, in my opinion."

Jorge scratched his chin thoughtfully. "You know I'm almost a hundred years old, right?"

"No shit?" The old man blurted the curse out almost involuntarily. "Them nanomajiggers are really somethin'. I had no idea!"

"Yeah." Jorge turned away and started to continue walking again. "Nice talk, grandpa. We might run into each other again sometime."

The old man reached into a cooler next to him and popped open a beer. "Doubt that. It's almost time for the loop to close. Have a good one, Jorge."

"You too." Jorge walked away and scratched his head again. _The loop? What's he babbling about?_ A moment later another thought crossed his mind. _Did I ever tell him my name?_

He shrugged and continued walking. Soon, the hospital came into view, but something was wrong. Police cars were all over the place, and all of them had their lights on silently. Ambulances and firetrucks were parked here and there too, but it was eerily quiet. He could hear the sounds of voices yelling as police and enforcers ran to and fro, and all of them seemed really worried.

He quickly broke into a jog, covering the last block before the hospital came into view. Within moments, an enforcer spotted him and quickly marched over to intercept. "Take a detour, sir. This area is off limits." The gruff voice was commanding and tinged with a robotic tone, likely due to some voice modulator inside his armor.

"I'm- I'm here to see my wife. She's a patient at this hospital. What's going on?"

"You need to leave this area immediately, sir. This is a crime scene currently under investigation." The enforcer shoved him back with the butt of his gun, pointing it dead center at his chest a moment later. "There is no second warning."

Jorge took several steps back numbly as he nodded in disbelief. The enforcer kept staring at him until he was a solid hundred or so feet back before turning back to return to his duties.

"What... what the hell?" Jorge half-heartedly muttered to himself as he slowly walked around the outside perimeter, trying to make heads or tails of what was going on.

As he paced, he caught sight of a familiar face among the crowd of police and enforcers. A man he had once felt a slight twinge of jealousy towards... but there was no time for those feelings.

Quickly, he started walking forwards, noting that another enforcer had spotted him and was on the move to intercept him.

_Not today._

Jorge cupped his hands to his mouth as he walked forwards. "Supreme Commander! Jason Hiro!" He yelled again and turned to look at the enforcer, only to eat a sudden fist to the face as the enforcer delivered a punch with vicious purpose, knocking him to the ground with one blow. He hadn't even hit the ground before the enforcer was on him, jamming a knee into his back while twisting his arms painfully behind him.

"Backup! I need backup!" The enforcer yelled into his microphone, and Jorge quickly realized the mistake he'd made. _They might think I'm an assassin or something._

Just then, Jason Hiro walked up and pulled the enforcer off of Jorge roughly. "Hey, hey! This man is a friend of mine! Get off him!"

The enforcer quickly backed off and his body language indicated confusion. "Apologies, supreme commander. I had thought he was-"

"Next time ask, don't assume. You'll make an ass of you and me." Jason reached down and pulled Jorge up. "Sorry, didn't know you were back in town. What brings you- actually, come to think of it... weren't you part of the expedition to Revival?"

Jorge wiped at his face and winced, feeling a bruise coming on. He shot a half glare at the enforcer who sulked away before returning his gaze to Jason. "I'm here to see my wife."

Jason stared at him blankly for a moment. "Oh... oh god. Right. I'd forgotten. And she was- oh." His face paled as the blood drained away. "You don't know yet, do you? We've been keeping this a secret since we found out."

Jorge was baffled. "What? Did something happen?"

"Yeah. All the patients in every hospital in London, Melbourne, and several other big cities... they all vanished not even an hour ago. If... if your wife was here... then... she was probably..." His voice trailed off as he swallowed hard.

Jorge couldn't feel anything. He simply took a step back. "Where did they go? What do you mean they vanished?! What does that even mean?!"

Jason shook his head slowly. "We think the demons took them, but we don't know where, or for what purpose. We're looking, though. We'll find them."

Jorge's lip twitched and a moment later he fell to the ground, landing on his rear and wrapping his arms around his legs in front of him. "No... no god no... not Amy too... they can't take my wife from me..."

Jason leaned down and put his arm on Jorge's shoulder. "We'll find her. Have faith in me."

"God I hope so." Jorge murmured under his breath as a chilly rain began to fall over the city of London.
