Part 348a: Pretty Monster

"I feel so nervous." Amelia slowly walked into the hospital, noting that there was only one person in the waiting area and a receptionist. The usual hustle and bustle from a week before had been replaced with emptiness and relative silence. Amelia's ears, better than those of a regular human, could detect the nearly inaudible beeping of dialysis machines and such inside of rooms down the hall, but aside from imperceptible breathing sounds, little else stirred the air.

Even the smells were mostly nonexistent. Compared with the noise and activity outside, the hospital felt like a ghost town. Amelia turned right as she entered the door and headed down a hallway that indicated she was heading towards the ER section.

_There's nothing to be nervous about._ Leviathan grumbled from deep inside of her as he examined the building around them. _There must be an entrance to the underground around here. Keep your eyes peeled._

"Right." Amelia swallowed slightly as her feet clicked every time she took a step forwards. Her half-inch white heeled shoes made quite the commotion compared to the deathly silence that filled the building. "W-was it always this quiet here?" She practically whispered, feeling anxious that her voice was making so much noise. She almost felt guilty, as if her voice would disturb the small scattering of patients in nearby rooms.

_By most standards... no. I can sense less than fifty humans in this entire complex. Several of them are merely the staff. You've healed up the great majority of the people here._

Amelia nodded as she walked up to an elevator, pressing the button to call it to the ground floor. "Yeah, that makes sense. I don't know why, it just feels so different here from what I remember."

_Those are just nerves. Calm yourself, my princess. You have to keep your wits about you. We might be walking into a trap._

Despite the ominous words, Amelia chortled. "A trap? That's cute. I suppose such a thing might exist, but I doubt we've gotten so soft it could do anything to us."

_Hmm. Perhaps._ Leviathan mused to himself as the door to the elevator opened.

Amelia stepped inside and noted with dismay that they were already on the lowest floor it could go to. "Darn. We'll have to try something else."

Leviathan seemed to nod in her mind as she walked off the elevator and looked around. "Can't you tell where the passageways and stuff are? Find me an access door of some sort."

_I can't, my dear. I can sense living energy and its position relative to us, but not inanimate matter. Jason would be better for this sort of thing._

Amelia scowled as she looked around. "Well, forget him. We'll find our own way."

As she stared back and forth, she spotted a man walking towards them from down the hall. He was an older man, probably in his 40's or so, though that could be deceptive with the nano-machines and such these days. His white lab coat held a name card that indicated he was a surgeon on this floor.

"Err, um, excuse me!" Amelia meandered towards him, her heels clicking on the floor as she walked. "Sir!"

The man looked up from a datapad he was typing on in his hands. "Hm? What is it, young lady?" His expression was that of a vaguely bored man, yet there seemed to be some agitation visible on his face. "I'm quite busy right now."

"Oh, sorry to bother you." Amelia quickly shifted her expression to an apologetic one. Glancing forwards she quickly scanned his name tag. "Could you, ah, help me, Mister Takano, sir? I'm trying to find an access door to the lower levels."

The man's eyes shifted slightly as he seemed to stare at her with more interest. "The lower levels? I can't see why you'd want to go down there. It's quite filthy, not the place for a pretty little thing like you."

His eyes seemed to rove all over her body, a feeling that made Amelia vaguely uncomfortable. "I'm, ah, not worried about germs or anything! I just need to find an access door, if you can... err... help me?"

She forced a flirty smile across her face, even though his eyes seemed almost lascivious. Smiling at him and encouraging any sort of advance almost made her feel nauseous, but still she kept it up valiantly.

"I see. Well, if you want to go there so badly, I won't stop you." Oddly, despite his slight hostility towards the idea of her going down there before, he seemed perfectly fine with the idea now. "It's down the hall and to the left. There's a janitorial closet with a red switch. Press the switch and the door will unlock."

Amelia started to respond but he leaned forwards slowly and interrupted her. "Are you, perhaps, here to make a deposit?"

She felt unnerved by his words but decided to play along. "Y-yes, actually. I am."

"I understand. The caretaker will be there to greet you when you arrive." Doctor Takano smiled at her politely and bowed his head, as his Japanese heritage seemed to indicate he would do. "Have a pleasant day, miss...?"

"Greyheart. Amelia Greyheart." She forced another smile through as he quickly started walking past.

"Excellent. A pleasure to meet you. That uniform really suits you well." Doctor Takano continued walking down the hall towards the hospital entrance and soon he was out of sight.

The moment he vanished from view, Amelia felt her knees start to shake as she leaned against the wall. "Th-that man... he was... scary..."

For once, Leviathan was the one to express confusion. _Are you alright, princess? He seemed relatively normal to me. You appear to be very shaken up._

Amelia felt her face pale as a cold sweat swept over her. "No... no his eyes... those weren't normal eyes... Levvy, remember all the... the people we killed? They used to scream in terror and... they said my eyes were hollow... the eyes of a demon."

_Mmm. Yes. As I recall, you always laughed at that comment._

"I'm not kidding, Levvy. That man wasn't human. Something about him was off, very askew. Maybe this was a mistake."

Leviathan sighed in her mind. _As I said before, you don't have to do this. Ask Jason for help. Going alone into possible danger is never a good idea... even if I can protect you._

The mention of Jason's name made Amelia flinch, as she quickly found her resolve returning. "No... I won't ask him for help. He thinks of me as weak and helpless. He'd never say it, but I can see it in how he talks to me. He means well, but I can fight in my own way. I'm going to find that demon... and I'm going to save him."

Leviathan raised an eyebrow slowly. _...Really? I didn't think you would declare your intention so strongly, nor did I know that you felt this way towards your future husband. Truly, the nuances of human speech and body movement evade me. So many subtleties._

Amelia nodded as she stood up and began quickly walking down the hall towards where the creepy man had told her to go. "Let's do this quickly now... I don't know who the 'caretaker' is, nor do I want to find out."

_Of that, we can agree._

................................................................

_This is it... I can feel myself slipping._

Davook breathed hoarsely, his arm now in so much pain that his brain had merely switched off the feeling. Master Takano had already started work on the other arm, but Davook felt so far gone that there was no chance of making it back.

_Information... I don't even have information... I gave him everything... I broke completely..._

Davook felt the tears flowing down his face freely. His pride was long gone now, after this last round of torture. Master Takano was going to cut off both of his feet next. _He even told me he was going to cut off my hands, make me into a freakshow... he's... he's a true demon..._

His chest was hardly rising and falling anymore. The chemicals he'd been forced to inhale, along with the unending pain in his heart meant that breathing was a job he had to actively work to succeed at. But... it wasn't worth it...

Davook could feel it all slipping away. At the least, he'd die before the demon returned. He would pass on before the monster came to take more from him.

_It's not like it matters. There's nothing left to take but my soul._

Davook opened his eyes slightly as he stared up at that same goddamned patch of wetness on the ceiling above him. _My... soul? Will I be reincarnated when I die? Do demons go to heaven? Hell? Are we... already dead?_

He choked back a hoarse cough as he felt blood drip from his nose and stream down both sides of his cheeks. The questions didn't matter, not so long as the end came quickly. All he wanted now was for the pain to stop.

As he had these thoughts, his blood chilled suddenly. The sound of... the door. _The door._ Davook's eyes shot open as panic flooded his mind.

_He's back! No! It's too soon! He just left! I don't want him to come back! Leave me alone! LET ME DIE!_

Davook wriggled in terror as his voice was unable to escape his body. He couldn't even scream in fear. His throat had been burned by those chemicals that monster had forced him to ingest. Only a silent terror could fill his heart now.

...The sound of clicking heels made Davook's movements stop. _What? Those don't... sound like his shoes? What's going on?_

A quiet breathing could be heard approaching as the heels clicked closer. Davook tried mightily to turn his eyes to the side, but the blinders made it impossible to see anything not directly in front of him.

Suddenly, the most beautiful, heavenly voice spoke out. "Oh... my gosh... are you...?"

Davook felt his heart stop as the face of an angel appeared before him. A beautiful female, human in appearance, her long black hair and cute white nurse's outfit making her seem like a divine piece of manna from the heavens.

"Huhk... hoak..." Davook choked as he struggled to speak, but the beautiful women quickly pressed a finger to his lips.

"No... don't speak. I'll get you out of this.... thing." Her face disappeared and the light she seemed to give off vanished from his sight.

_No... please... don't go... don't leave me..._ Davook felt more tears roll down his face.

A moment later, an odd sound could be heard. The sound of... metal peeling from metal?

Davook jerked in surprise as the incredibly strong contraption surrounding his head was yanked free, a horrible high-pitched screeching filled the air as the metal was torn off cleanly in one movement.

Davook jerked his head back, suddenly realizing he was free to move, as he gawked in disbelief at the young woman, holding a several hundred pound massive chunk of machinery in her hands. A moment later, she lightly tossed it behind her, the machinery smashed into the wall and crumpled up, leaving no doubt that she was filled with an immense strength.

A few moments later, she had torn the restraints off his arms and legs and was gently helping him sit up, the motion making him feel queasy.

But, strangely... he didn't feel weak anymore. He pondered it for a few seconds before he remembered the needle that had been connected directly to his spine. _It must have been pumping me full of anti-energy constantly to keep me weak._

Davook glanced down at his left arm. It was in... horrid shape. Massive chunks of flesh were missing here and there, his arm looking like a wildfire had been let loose on it. Even his right arm didn't look so good, something the woman seemed to quickly notice.

She quickly stood up and walked in front of him, bringing her face close to his. "A shadow-walker, hm? I've heard about you guys before. You don't seem all that scary up close- yes! I know, but I don't think he's any danger."

She seemed to be talking to someone else, but there was nobody else in the room. Davook didn't care though, as her soft complexion this close to his face made him feel weak in the knees. _Without a doubt, she is the most beautiful human female I have ever seen._

She quickly hovered her hand above his left arm. "I hope this doesn't sting too much. It can be unpleasant at first."

_Hm? Unpleasant? What does she mean?_ Davook asked himself the question before finding out a moment later, as agonizing pain shot though his arm, before being replaced by a soft, warm sensation. Glancing down, his jaw dropped as his arm began to knit itself together and heal in a matter of moments.

_Ah, I understand now. She is no normal human. She must be a demon in disguise, one similar to Mistress Belial, who is acquainted with the healing arts. Truly... I... I am blessed..._

Davook felt a smile spread across his face, as within a minute his arm was fully healed. Before she could get to work on the other one, he pointed at his throat with his nearly healed arm. The girl glanced at him in confusion before a look of recognition spread across her face.

"Your throat? Is it hurt?"

He nodded excitedly, like a little child receiving a Christmas present, as she smiled at him and quickly began to heal it too.

A few minutes later, Davook sat staring at her in awe, as his body was now fully healed. He no longer felt weak, as she had also apparently given him some energy too.

"You... saved my life... what is your name?" Davook choked back emotions as he gripped the table tightly. "I owe you... a life debt."

"I'm Amelia. I came because I heard of your capture. I didn't... realize this was as bad as it was. We have to get out of here."

Amelia started to turn away but Davook grabbed her hand, as he felt his lip tremble. "I am known as Davook. I... I will do anything for you, no matter what you ask of me. I am yours, forever."

The girl paused as she smiled awkwardly. "That... really isn't necessary. But um, thank you! Seriously though, we need to go." Her smile turned into a look of unease as her eyes darted around the terrible workshop covered in old blood stains.

Davook nodded dumbly as he smiled at her with a lopsided grin. "Right, yes. Anything you say, my lady."

She pulled away from his grip and the two of them quickly began to walk towards the exit, when she suddenly halted in front of him.

"Uh... Doctor Takano? Why are you... here?"

Davook blanched as he felt fear engulf his heart. _Not... not the monster..._

Davook peeked around Amelia's body to see the Japanese man standing at the end of the hallway, several Enforcers visible behind him as all of them trained their weapons of the two of them.

"As I thought. A demon spy sent to rescue one of your own. It looks like I'll have another one to add to my collection."

One of the troopers behind Takano lowered his weapon slightly as he pulled his mask down to stare at Amelia more intently. "...Son of a bitch. I recognize her. Saw her just a couple days ago... with the Supreme Commander!"

Amelia took a step back as she also seemed to recognize the man. "You... your name is... Bubba? And the other men behind you... they must be...?"

Bubba glanced at Takano's backside. "This is bad, Kenichi. She's the Supreme Commander's personal wench. If she's a demon, that means..."

"He's in cahoots with the demons. Always knew there was something a little too perfect about Commander Hiro's rise to power." Doctor Takano sighed as he shook his head. "Now I have to start all over again with that shadow-walker. He's already broken too. Won't be as much fun, this time."

Amelia and Davook took a step back as she quickly yelled out. "You're making a mistake! I'm not a demon, I'm a human!"

Takano chuckled as his eyes flicked over to a massive lump of metal crushed against the wall, the one she had tossed aside earlier. "As if. I saw it in your eyes earlier, you know? The eyes of a demon. I looked into your recent activities, and it would seem that healing up eighty percent of the human hospital population didn't set off any alarm bells in Central Command. I wonder why."

"It's cuz' she's fuckin' the Supreme Commander!" Bubba exclaimed this delightedly, causing Takano to groan.

"Obviously, idiot. Incapacitate them. I want these subjects alive."

"S-sorry. Understood."

Davook trembled as the squad of goons aimed their anti-energy weapons at the two of them.

"Stay behind me." Amelia spoke quietly as she gritted her teeth together. "I didn't want it to come to this, but now that it has..."

Davook nodded as he took a step back around the corner. _Allowing a woman to take the heat. How... weak of me. Pathetic._
