Part 240a

Uzziel had her hands clasped together and she swung them back and forth in front of herself as we again walked towards the Great Temple of Heaven. "I see. We had no idea the casualties were so many."

"Thirty million humans. Why did the angels not aid us?" I shuffled along with my left hand in my pocket, and my right hand down by my side, holding my helmet as my once again blond hair stood stiffly in the windless emptiness of Heaven.

It's been a week since the ambush attack, and humanity is already rebuilding. Paris, which lost the Eiffel Tower after a massive piece of ship sidewall crushed it into dust, has had a small memorial erected in its image. Ten people were killed when the debris struck, and their names were etched into the bottom of it. Other parts of Paris were equally devastated, and bits of debris still rain down occasionally, but the cleanup is otherwise off to a rapid start.

"Well, it's a long story. We had some things we were working on... you may recall our last conversation a few months ago... we had some results from that inquiry." She smiled slightly and then her face went neutral again. "I can't say anything more though, it's up to Zeus and Raphael."

"All right, that is fair." I tightly smiled back at her and we kept walking.

Some minutes passed as we waded past millions of angels milling about Heaven, going to and fro, and I felt a silly question bubble up. "Uzziel, given that most of these angels were previously human, what is stopping them from going down to Earth and seeing their friends again, and telling them about Heaven?"

"Oh, that? It's the ritual's magical properties that binds them to their angelic bodies. If they attempt to leave Heaven without receiving permission from Zeus himself, which has only had an exception made five times in the past, their bodies will explode into magical energy and they will re-materialize up here in Heaven again."

"Seriously? That's rather dark." I frown at this news as we walk along. "Doesn't that make Heaven more like a prison than a paradise?"

"Paradise? This place isn't paradise. It never has been, never will be. There's very little to do up here. If you're someone who died and you're an extrovert, you have billions of fascinating people to speak to, but if you're an introvert, this place is probably... hell. But it can't be helped. We didn't create the Resurrection Project to help humanity live forever. We created it in order to bolster our ranks in the case of war." Uzziel nods matter-of-factly as she tells me this, as if it's perfectly normal. To me, it sounds awful. Heaven is more like a prison than anything on Earth... an eternal prison of boredom.

...

It takes us half an hour, but we finally arrive at the Temple of Artemis, the great temple of the gods. Apparently, as Uzziel has told me, it was named after a pseudonym for Diana, a goddess killed during the decisive battle in the Great War, the last great clash between demons and angels.

Taking my usual seat at the end of the table. I bow my head slightly towards the others at the table. I'm surprised to see a couple new faces there, yet faces I'd be hard pressed to not identify. "Horus, the highest god of ancient Egypt?"

A god with a thinning body of a man, but the head of a great falcon, to the Egyptians he was a god of equal caliber to the Greek god Zeus and the roman god Jupiter, though both of those gods happened to be the same one. Horus is also the god of wisdom, a trait similar to Raphael's, though Raphael holds the official title of "Wisdom King" making him higher ranked on the 'wisdom totem pole' as it were.

Horus's animalistic eyes moved all around the room, seeing everything, yet narrowing down on nothing. Despite his face being that of a bird, he spoke with a normal human voice, albeit one that sounded like an old woman. "Young human, I have heard much about your exploits over the last few years. The pleasure is mine to be meeting such a fine specimen among humanity." Truly, Horus was an enigma among the gods.

But he wasn't the only god here. Another goddess sat nearby, her body radiant and her hair flowing down to her feet. Interestingly, she wore a uniform of some type, ancient in its design, yet holding pieces of modern-day fashion in and of itself. I could tell just by looking at her, that she either was a high-ranking goddess, or she had once been one in the past.

"I beg your pardon, but I do not recognize you. Might I have your name?" I directed my question to her. Her eyes, closed until I had just now spoken to her, opened slowly. They were quite stunning, the deep ruby red of her iris countering the light blue of her military-like uniform, decorated in varying medals and ribbons to signify various military achievements. It seemed strange though, for a goddess to wear such human-like things as war medals. Perhaps I'm overthinking it. Maybe gods invented the concept of medals in the first place, and humanity used them later on.

The staggeringly beautiful goddess smiled at me. "My name is Britannia. I was the Celtic god who ruled over the great land that constituted the British Empire for over 350 years, which began to dwindle towards the middle of the 20th century."

I nodded, carefully keeping my jaw from hanging open. "Wait, you actually ruled over Britain? Did you issue orders and whatnot?"

"No, but by my hands I selected the kings and queens indirectly who would lead their people to salvation and success. I am a special tier of god known as a 'God of the Times'. I was born due to the desire of my people, created as a result of their intense combined willpower."

I nodded slowly. "Interesting. Well, it's a pleasure to meet you, then. Though, if you're so important in the grand scheme of humanity, why haven't you been here whenever I was in this temple in the past few years?" I hoped quietly to myself that she wouldn't take offense, and she didn't. The gods and goddesses are so good-natured.

"Well, to be blunt, I died." She sighed slightly, as if that was a simply regrettable circumstance and not something absolutely awful.

"Died?! But if you died, then how come you're...?" I let the question hang, unspoken, in the air.

"To answer that question, you must first understand what a God of the Times is. Most gods were born of the Titans, in the distant past. Few remain among the living. However, there are a second breed of gods, they exist only transiently from one time to another. They are almost always born of strife and in times of great peril. A God of the Times usually is born out of collecting thought energy from the people that they will inevitably represent, and as more people rally under their cause, that god becomes more and more powerful. At my peak, I may have held more power here than even Zeus, but it was only for a short time, and the King of Gods must be a long-term one since they hold the fate of our kind in their hands."

I frowned but brushed it off. "Alright, that makes sense. I think I understand. But if you died, how did you come back?"

She smiled sweetly. "You're rushing the point again, dear mortal. However, unlike the other gods, I am well acquainted with the speed at which humans must always move, given their short lifespans. Let me continue and you will come to understand."

"First, there is the matter of _when_ I was created. I was not born at the start of the British Empire, I was born much earlier, at a time when the Roman Empire was floundering. I was originally a Celtic god, but I was born just after the turn of two millenniums ago, when the Romans had sacked Britain, they named it Britannia, and that was the first spark that gave birth to me. I first appeared in heaven a century later, when my people were in turmoil. I had existed on Earth as a mortal woman, but I have long since forgotten my mortal name. My experiences among the mortals made me deeply sympathetic with the oppression they faced under Roman rule, and as such, once I had become a deity, I performed many boring yet ultimately important political maneuvers over the course of a few hundred years, eventually ousting Rome from Britannia in the 5th century. My people were a collective mish-mash of varying cultures, but the main were the Celts. They came to revere me, gave worship to me, and eventually began increasing my power."

She stopped, as if that were the end of the story. "Oh? I see then. for a god, you're quite young."

She giggled at me, taking it for a compliment. I didn't really mean it like that but hey, I'm not going to argue. "Such a polite young man. You really know the way to please an old woman!" She didn't look old to me at all, but I wasn't going to say anything else. "Anyway, this brings me to the most important part of the story. I was reborn because while my people lost their way in the middle of the 20th century, they have come back, stronger than ever. Thanks to a quirk of fate, Britain is now poised to become the strongest country in the world, having control of the Volgrim flagship, as well as most of the remaining space fleet. On top of that, Britain is the only one with high ranking military generals still living, and a world leader on the national stage. Inadvertently, you've given me much power as of late as well as helped me be reborn, so I wanted to thank you for that."

I nodded clumsily. "Oh, uh, sure. Don't sweat it, it was totally an accident."

"True, but I really wanted to thank you, and give you something _special_." She winked at me seductively and I felt my face turn red hot. "I really feel that I owe you a big favor."

I glanced around quickly, noting the twenty or so gods and archangels looking at me with total disinterest. This is horribly embarrassing. What does she mean? Does she mean what I _think_ she means?!

She got up from her chair and walked over to me, the distance being about twenty feet away, her body standing tall with absolute confidence as she walked towards me with single-minded intent. I glanced over at Uzziel, who was flipping through some old book and was clearly paying no attention to what was going on around her. _Help me_ I silently implored her, but she ignored me entirely.

And before I knew it, Britannia was here. It had taken all of 7 seconds for her to clear the distance, and now she stood to my right smiling as she leaned down towards me. I caught a glance of something inside her shirt and I swallowed hard, as she reached under her outfit and pulled out... **a sword**?!

"Since you are the Hero that will lead humanity during these dark times, I think it is best that you hold on to this."

She pulled out a sword of incredible brilliance, the weapon having gold trim all over its edges, the handle a pure blue color befitting its handler being the leader of the British Empire. Inside its gold and blue scabbard, I could tell at once that it was a blade of unbelievable value.

"This is Excalibur, the sword once possessed by the famous Celt warrior, King Arthur. The scabbard possesses rapid healing properties, making its wielder almost unkillable in battle. The sword itself has a fantastic amount of spiritual energy imbued into it, allowing the wielder to shoot blasts of light that can decimate demonic hordes or shatter mountains. I give this sword to you not only as a gift for bringing my life back, but for holding the fate of humanity in your hands. Of course, should you die, it will return to my possession via magical means."

I nod very slowly as she holds the sword delicately in both hands, kneeling down and presenting it to me. Standing up from my chair, I grasp the blade by its handle, and before I can lift it out of her hands, I feel a tremendous amount of energy surge into my body. It instantly reminded me of when I was imbued with the powers of the God-King, except, there's something else inside of it. I can feel an _entity_ enter into my soul, one I instantly recognize as King Arthur himself.

Staggering backwards from the amount of energy that flowed into me, I blink twice and glance back at the table. The angels and gods are now watching with interest. Zeus is the first to speak. "Britannia! You're very bold as usual, I see. I did not expect that from you, just yet. We haven't even gotten to the main part of this meeting!"

As I stagger back and quickly strap the sword to my side, I notice another angel sitting at the table. Unlike the others, she's dressed rather plainly. She looks like a middle-aged woman, though unlike the other Archangels at the table, she seems to possess a pitiful amount of energy.

"Hero, you may recall some years ago you asked me to do you a small favor if it was within my power, and indeed it was." Uzziel smiled cheerfully, unlike her usual stoic expression. As Britannia smiled and returned to her own seat, Uzziel beckoned towards the other female angel at the table. "She is one of the billions of pseudo-angels in heaven, and her name is Helen." She looked at me pointedly, though my face was blank for a few moments. Helen... Helen... wait, that name, could it be-?!

"Helen Smith? Your husband... wasn't his name... Harold?!" I blink back in shock as it hits me.

The woman glances at me with interest. "Why yes, sweetheart. I did have a husband named Harold. How did you know that?"