Part 082

The battle dragged on. I was exhausting my power, and so was Blaarjiim. His colossal presence had grown noticeably smaller. At one point, I used a teleport ability to return to the door to the labyrinth.

I was shocked to see that Blaarjiim was already there.

" **Fleeing the scene of battle? I had pegged you as many things, but a coward was not one of them. I guess we're all wrong about something eventually.** " He turned around and glanced at the doorway.

He smiled. " **My queen needs no sustenance to live. Even if this entire planet dies, we will live forever. But you... you're just a lowly human. On the off chance that you may win...** "

He made a motion with his hands. A colossal explosion destroyed the portal back to the labyrinth and it disappeared from sight. I stared at the sight of it in wonder.

" **Teleportation will not return you inside the labyrinth, not now that there's no direct link. The dimension has been sealed off.** "

I nodded, swallowing hard. "So this is it then. A battle to the death."

Blaarjiim nodded. " **Don't be conceited. It's a slaughter, plain and simple. I have weakened somewhat, but you have weakened greatly. Even if-** " He paused mid-sentence, and his head turned to the side. " **I see. My queen has seen enough. She is displeased that I sealed the door and will now be taking over again.** "

I breathed a sigh of relief. Amelia may be intelligent, but this was certainly a boneheaded move. She just can't help her impulsiveness. But still.

I looked again at the spot where the door was. Not good. I could probably teleport back to the Labyrinth somehow under normal conditions, but not in my weakened state. There was still my trump card, but I didn't wish to use it. It was thoroughly untested and only for extreme emergencies.

Blaarjiim's immense energy dissipated, and the dark cloud formed again as Amelia reappeared. She lost her footing and fell to the ground for a second, but managed to pull herself back up. "Whew... that takes a toll on my body..." She stared at me. I was no longer in perfect condition. I had lesions and bruises and cuts I had not yet healed in order to conserve my energy. I was in bad shape. She however, was in peak condition, and Blaarjiim had used all his own energy during the merge.

Things were not looking good.

Wordlessly, she walked up to me. "Listen, Hero... um... I just want you to know, this won't hurt a bit... I'll make it quick, because I like you, okay?"

I slapped her.

This time, my slap barely knocked her off her footing. I was visibly weakened. I felt weaker.

She shrugged as she rubbed her face. "That's it, huh? Well, like I said, I wanted to make this slow and painful, but I was willing to give you a chance. You blew it though!"

She giggled another innocent sounding giggle. "Slow and painful it is!"

With a motion of her hand, she cast another spell.

At first, for a few seconds, nothing happened. Then I felt it. My entire body greatly weakened. I shuddered down to my hands and knees. My spherical vision disappeared. I was suddenly completely blind again. I fell to the ground, rasping for breath, as incredible amounts of pain in my arms and legs took over.

"You... what did you... do to me..." I gasped for air as I coughed the words out.

"Me? Oh nothing much. I just dispelled all those annoying buffs of yours! You spent the last year cheating by casting spells on yourself, didn't you?"

My eyes shot open as I realized what she had done. Every enhancement I had cast on myself, gone. I was still a strong human, but compared to the demon in front of me, I was just a... a...

"...Snack!" She said helpfully. Yes, that's the word. I might as well be another snack. I feel so weak I can barely move.

It's time now. I should have done this sooner. I didn't want to have to do this, but it's time for my trump card.

I wheezed for breath as I slowly raised my hand and coughed a single, breathless word.

" _Catherine_."

The blood drained from Amelia's face.

"What... what name did you just say?"