Part 401b - Trepidation

Master Jason looks around one last time. The old man is gone. I watched him leave... he vanished in just the same way Master does. One moment, he was there, the next he wasn't.

Master turns back to me slowly.

"I'll see you tomorrow, or whenever. Remember your training, and ditch that armor as soon as you get a chance. I'm sure Marie used it to knock you out. You're still way stronger than an average human, so you can defend yourself."

He's distracted and barely even looks at me. For once, I want to say something to make him not send me away, but I still don't have the courage. I silently stare for a few seconds before lowering my head. He wouldn't care anyway. It's fine... this is the best I can get from him right now.

I turn around and hesitantly follow after the dark-skinned man, even as I feel Master's gaze fade from my back. He isn't thinking about my feelings, though he never does. I can't blame him for that. Why would anyone care how a slave feels?

I follow behind the man at a small distance, not wanting to walk beside him. He looks vicious, with eyes that remind me of Danis. Less vile, perhaps, but still cold and unfeeling. We trudge along wordlessly and never once does he look back at me. That's fine... it's better this way.

Benjamin and I travel for nearly an hour in total silence, going up and down wall elevators, as Master calls them, until we arrive at a small, nondescript doorway tucked in a back corner that nobody else around could even see unless they were looking for it. There's a little white patch on the stone wall that sticks out from its surroundings, and he merely walks up to it and presses his hand against it. A light flashes and he pulls away.

"BIOMETRIC DATA CONFIRMED. WELCOME, AGENT BROWN. YOUR UNIQUE IDENTIFIER FOR THIS VISIT IS: ONE-SIX-SEVEN-SIX-TWO-FOUR-ONE. THE NETWORK IS NOW ACTIVE."

A voice speaks up, reminding me of the one at the office where Master and I were attacked by that red haired woman. And to think, not an hour after she paralyzed us, Master is sending me off to live with her. I'm scared... what if she tries to hurt me? Master won't be here to protect me.

Will I have to hurt Marie, or will I have to kill her, as I did with Danis? I don't want to attack people... but Master says I should be ready. If he tells me to, I will. I'll do anything he tells me to do.

Ben pushes the door open and walks inside, beckoning for me to follow. When I step in, he closes the door, and there's a clicking sound. Did it lock? This is creepy...

The room is dark, but he reaches over and taps something on the wall, making a light turn on. Once the room is brighter, he points to a few round metal pads sitting on the floor. "This is where we part ways. This teleporter will take you directly to Marie's residence."

Teleporter? That's the same word Master uses to appear and disappear. It's the same as how the old man left, but he didn't have to say anything at all.

Somehow, these metal circles are very foreboding, but I just have to suck it up. Master will call me weak if I can't even do this much. I step on the pad gingerly and turn back to face the charcoal-skinned man. He mumbles something to himself, but I don't catch it.

Suddenly I'm not there anymore. Everything changes so fast I don't even notice for a few seconds. I'm standing inside a clean, white room now. Comfortable looking white chairs and a table are in the center, which reminds me of Yama's dining room... except these are much plainer looking. They're built to serve a purpose, not be pretty.

Paintings hang on the walls, but I don't know what the depictions and objects are in any of them. One painting is of a man wearing white robes, he's holding an apple, and he has wings coming from his back. Is he a bird? Mother told me about birds once, but I haven't seen them even though they're supposed to be on Earth. Birds have wings, and they probably eat apples.

...I've never tasted an apple before. I wonder if it's as good as peat-zuh? Master and I both like to eat peat-zuh. Does Marie eat it too?

"Oh. You're here." A voice speaks up from behind me, and I squeak slightly and turn around to face her, barely keeping my nerves together. This woman made Master fall to the ground, and she didn't even touch him. She must have powerful magic... Mother always warned me about how dangerous magic was.

"Nothing to say? Welcome to my home." Marie waves her hands around here and there, not caring about whether I'm impressed or not. "I had a room set up for you over here. Fresh clothes too, since you don't appear to have any of your own."

She stares at me expectantly, but I don't say anything. I never do. The only person I'd ever want to talk to... is...

"Saint Joseph, I figured you might be a little shy, but this is ridiculous. Not even a 'hello'?" Marie rolls her eyes and turns away. "Whatever. Here, you're probably hungry. Have a ration bar." She reaches into her pocket and pulls out a small colorful rectangle and throws it to me. Thanks to Master's training, I reach up and catch it without trying. My hand moves automatically and plucks it from the air, the 'rashun bar' moving far too slowly for me to miss it.

Marie's look of annoyance fades immediately when she sees this. "Oh? Those are excellent reflexes. He must have enhanced you. Hmm." She doesn't think about it long. "Come, have a seat. Let's get to know each other."

She and I sit at the table, though I feel a little worried. Am I allowed to sit here? It's so... nice. I didn't know tables and chairs could look so white. I bet in bright light they would be hard to look at.

Marie's gaze shifts from me, to the bar in my hands, and back to me. "Are you going to eat it?"

I nod slowly and stick it in my mouth and bit. A strange... _crinkly_ feeling enters my mouth. I can't bite into it. It's soft, but covered in a layer of something tasteless.

"Gods. Are you an idiot? You have to take the wrapper off, first. Haven't you ever eaten a ration bar before?"

I shake my head slowly and pull it out to look at it. I now notice words written on it, black letters on a white background, but I can't read them. Master said he'd teach me to read someday... but I'm probably too stupid for that. I don't know anything.

I tug at the ends of the wrapper, even twist and pull at it, and after a few seconds, I get a little irritated and just rip it apart with my hands. The contents of the package explode and fly all over the room, and Marie's expression turns deathly still. I stare in horror at the mess I've made. She's going to hurt me, I can tell.

"Wow. You tore that wrapper to shreds. It's not like foil is made of anything especially sturdy, but this is still very interesting. Don't worry about the mess; I have droids to take care of that."

Marie taps a thingy on her wrist, and a moment later a wall panel slides open, and a nice looking man steps out, dressed in a suit that reminds me of Emperor Beelzebub. "Hello! I am here to serve! How may I assist you?"

"Clean this up. But before that, grab me another ration bar." She leans to the side and winks at me before pulling a little white stick from her shirt. "I'll show you how to open it... err... what was your name again?"

I don't respond, so she sighs and taps her fingers together. "Jason wasn't kidding. You are a silent one, after all. Ah, I recall now. Your name is Lora, right?"

I nod slowly at her. "Well, if a 'yes' or a 'no' are all I can get, I'll have to work with it. So, you lived among demons, is that also correct?"

Her voice lilts playfully as if it's just a casual question, but I feel as though it is the first of many. I nod along, and she pulls another item from her inner jacket, a little metal thing barely even a quarter the size of her hand. It looks like a tiny canteen. A moment later, she lifts the top of it up, and there's a spark of light followed by a clicking sound, and then a small flame appears at the top. To my amazement, she lights the little stick on fire and puts it into her mouth.

"I hope you don't mind if I smoke?"

I shake my head, and she leans back in her chair and blows gray smoke out of her mouth. Even ten feet away, on the other side of a long table, the smell is gross compared to the clean air in the room.

"Good. It's not like I'd care if you had said yes. At least you understand basic etiquette... as well as your place."

There's a long silence as she continues sucking and puffing on the little white stick. The man walks back up and hands her the 'rashun bar' she asked for. Marie is immediately annoyed. "It's not for me, stupid! It's for the guest!"

"Not a problem! Getting right to it!" He turns around, still smiling the whole time even after she called him stupid, and then he walks over and sets it in front of me on the table.

He continues to stand there, and I feel uncomfortable as he stares at me in total silence. Marie groans and pulls my attention away from him. "All _right_! You've done it! Now go clean up the floor! Use your fucking brain!"

"Absolutely! I am performing that task now!" He swivels away and walks into the kitchen, probably so he can grab cleaning supplies.

Marie shoves the stick in her mouth, stand up abruptly, and walks over to my side of the table. She grabs the bar up and points to one of the ends. "You have to tear this part off, see? Just peel and pull, then the bar comes out."

I nod along again, and she hands it to me. Without any trouble at all, I follow her instructions, and a lumpy brown rectangle plops out and lands on the table in front of me.

"Executives get the best ration bars. That one may even have traces of actual grain in it. Oats, if you're lucky. This one looks to be only about seventy percent reconditioned. Go ahead then, try it."

I don't know what 'recondishunned' is, but the look on her face tells me it's not going to be tasty. With my expectations set low, I bite into the bar and chew slowly. It tastes surprisingly good. Very chewy, with a sugary taste, like the 'soda pop' Master lets me drink when we eat peat-zuh.

Marie walks back over and sits down on her side of the table. "Wow, you seriously enjoy that, huh? You've never eaten a ration bar before, then. Lucky."

There's a moment where I look into her eyes and see something in there, something regretful.

As if to indicate my intuition is right, Marie sighs. "It wasn't always like this, you know, before we put in the population controls. I knew food was going to be a problem, but I didn't realize the energy limitations would be so severe."

I take another bite of my bar, nod, and pretend to understand what she's talking about. I have no idea though.

"Replicators just take too much energy. Can't waste it on food when there are more pressing concerns. Not that it's any of your business." She mashes the fire stick into a little tray on her side of the table. I hadn't noticed it before, due to the fact it's colored the same as the table it sits on. "A lot of things didn't work out the way I wanted. Human nature is so... finicky."

I finish off my bar and mimic her by setting the wrapper down on my side of the table, though much more gently.

She claps her hands together. "Alright. Now that you've had a nice little lunch, it's time for answers. You won't be able to tell me much yourself, so I'll have to get answers my way."

I shift a little in my seat at the way she said that. _What do you mean?_ I want to ask... but I can't speak, even if I tried. I don't know what prevents me, but maybe someday I'll be able to get past it.

Marie stands up again and walks out of the room, only to return a minute later holding something metal that looks like a pen. I've seen pens before, in Yama's domain, but this one is a little bigger than the others that Emperor Beelzebub used.

Marie smiles pleasantly at me. "I'm going to poke your arm real quick. Can you take your armor off, please?"

I didn't expect her to be so nice all of a sudden. I smile back at her, though my smile is weaker, and then quickly pull the new armor Master gave me off after pressing the 'disengage' button. I start to pull my shirt off too, but Marie shakes her head. "That won't be necessary. Just let me see your arm super quick..."

Marie gently takes my arm and I feel a slight sting. She pokes me with a sharp stick of some sort, but the pain is gone almost instantly. "There we go, now I have your blood. Let's find out a little more about you, hm?"

Her smile slowly fades over the next several seconds as her wrist thing makes an image appear in midair, one I can't see. She stares at it silently, and soon her smile is completely gone.

"Oh. So you're Goldeshian. Fifteen percent, at that. So... that makes you a descendant of the filthy-" She pauses to take a little breath. "Well, we can't all help who our ancestors are. You're quite young though. Not a trace of genetic modifications in you. You're living a normal human lifespan, unaided by technology. How miserable. What is life if you can't live a long time, eh?"

She winks at me and then walks back over to her side of the table, this time just leaning against it as she taps some buttons in midair. "I'll just send this information to a subordinate of mine, and we'll see what he has to say about your history."

A minute passes, and I come to realize that she is simply staring into space. She isn't looking at her wrist image anymore, but past it to something else. I want to ask her what's on her mind, but she speaks up. "Goldesh III. A stain on my perfect society. All the work I put into this galactic empire, and some uppity fools thought they could question all the benefits I had given them. They failed to understand why we wouldn't just finish the demons off. We couldn't, and still can't, you know. Killing off the demons would have other side effects. You understand, right?"

She looks back at me, a sad expression on her face. I simply nod, even though I have no idea what she's talking about. Nothing she says makes any sense.

"...Right. It's not that simple. I have seen what happens every time humanity no longer has a designated threat. They have to find or create a new one. Who would it be? The Volgrim? The angels? Perhaps even themselves? I can't have that. Who cares if the food is a little stale and the entertainment is sanitized of imperfections? The path to perfection is fraught with peril. It's something my... sisters... they wouldn't understand."

I yawn audibly and catch myself, but she already noticed. "Oh, I'm boring you. As expected, nobody can keep up with my vast intellect." She scratches her neck thoughtfully. "You never really told me about yourself, but this blood might just be the key. Maybe I can figure out, once and for all, what happened to the _Phantoms of Goldesh III_."

She shrugs absentmindedly before quickly walking around the table and jerking me to my feet harshly. "Come on, then. Let's get you cleaned up. I won't have a filthy stinking pig in my house. You smell like a week's worth of sweat."

I follow along behind her as she heads for what I'm guessing is this place's form of a bathtub. The insults don't bother me. I've heard far, far worse. Mostly from men like Danis.

A shiver crawls down my spine at the thought of his name. I can never wash away the feeling of his breath on my face, or the pain of his knife on my back. The only thing Master has ever done that I have questioned is bringing Danis back to life. Why? I killed him. He deserved to die. Master even said so.

Master is smarter than me. Maybe he brought Danis back to show I don't have to be afraid anymore. Master will protect me. Even if he doesn't, I can protect myself. I don't have to be scared.

But... I still am.

Master will be so disappointed if he finds out.

"Have you ever taken a sonic shower before, young lady? We don't waste water here, so you'll have to learn to clean yourself properly."

She stares at me expectantly before gesturing to my clothes. " _Now_ you take those off. Learn the proper time and place."

I nod at her and sigh as I pull my shirt off. I reach for my pants, but she stops me. "What the devil are those marks on your back? Did Jason do that to you?"

I shake my head, but she seems to get the wrong idea. "No wonder you won't talk. He must have you quite frightened. He must be worse than I thought. Well, in any case, let's get started, shall we?"

For a moment, I almost see a glint of something else in her eyes. Almost like a mischievous smile... but it vanishes instantly, and I assume it must have been my imagination.

I was wrong about Marie... she can be brash, but she's quite kindhearted. Marie is like the polar opposite of Master.

I still prefer him more, though.