Part 053: Journey

Today is a great day!!!

I mean, it's ALWAYS a great day, but today I just feel especially great! I don't have to hang around that sulking sad kid who thinks he's the shit. No way, no sir!

I patted my dress down and hopped and skipped as I walked. Kar and I had hung out for a while, but he's a total snooze so he went back home to his people. Now it's just me, Blaarjiim, and all the innocent souls I'm going to devour! Teehee!

I entered a room filled with all sorts of pretty lights, with a delightful stream of blood that was splashing out of one wall, crossing the path in front of me, and draining itself through a crack in the bottom of the adjacent wall. Dipping my fingers in it, I licked them. Mmm! Yummy!

"I see you're having a good time, as you always are, my queen." Blaarjiim piped up, probably getting jealous that I was licking the tasty blood and he couldn't enjoy it.

"Hey! You could have had some if you hadn't sealed yourself in that stupid orb!" I chided him, holding him in my left hand and wagging my right hand's finger at him.

"I had to do that. You already know why." His voice sounded kinda sad. Oh well, he can't actually be sad or anything, he lacks all emotion!

After a while, I hopped and skipped along until I came to the big door I had been looking for. "Oh wow, we're already here! This is great!"

"Of course, my queen. Your speed is only eclipsed by your beauty and grace." Aww, he's so sweet! For a Lord of Darkness, he sure is such a softie!

With a light tap, I gently nudged the door open, sending it careening through the air, smashing into the open field. "Hey guys, it's me! The Lord of Flies!"

Suddenly, screams were everywhere. All the humans tending to their farms and crops suddenly tossed their tools on the ground and started fleeing in terror.

"She's here! The dark witch is here!!! Call the Hunters, call the guards! DAMNIT call anybody!!!" A poor unfortunate man was screaming such nasty things about me. For his information, I'm a dark QUEEN, thank you very much!

In a flash I zipped over to him and popped off his head, my mouth enlarging big enough to quickly chew his bones into dust. I'm pretty sure he died before he even knew what hit him XD

A lady and her child were cowering in terror, their tender looking bodies quivering in fear. "Foul demon! Why must you appear and plague us? What have we done to offend you?!"

I actually had to think about it for a second. "Blaarjiim, did they do anything to upset me?"

He seemed disinterested. "No, my queen. They simply fill you up with souls."

I nodded giddily. "That's right! They make the yummies in my tummies!"

Popping over to the two of them, I quickly and gruesomely devoured every last piece of their bodies before they even had a chance to react! Gosh, this is so much more fun than waiting around with that pansy-ass little loser! I thought he'd be something cool and maybe put up a good fight but he couldn't take even ONE slightly serious attack! What a weakling.

As I watched the people run away from me, I stared back at the door that was swung open in that wide field. Nothing surrounded it, it had kind of just poofed into thin air.

"I just love getting some fresh air and exercise!" I yelled with glee, as I launched myself at another group of nearby snacks.
