Part 350a: Endless Hatred

_It's so warm._

Davook stared into the abyss before him with unseeing eyes, as the warmth surrounded his body. It was a familiar feeling... one he had only experienced twice in his life.

_Evolution. I am evolving._

This feeling could only be described as the sensation of being inside a mother's womb. The cocoon that surrounded him was made of a material that formed whenever a demon was born. It was nearly impenetrable from the outside and would not open until its host was ready to exit.

_Power overwhelming. Hatred. Rage._

Davook felt the emotions pour into his mind, yet they seemed almost distant. He wasn't genuinely angry, and wasn't truly filled with hate... yet it existed. Deep in his mind, another spoke to him, prodded him, coaxed him into fulfilling his most primal urges.

_Enemies must be slain._

A simple command. Davook moved his hand forwards slowly, feeling it slosh through the embryonic liquid that surrounded him. It was completely dark inside his larval stage, but he could tell now... it was time to leave.

His hand stopped a few inches from his body, as he felt it pressing against the hardened shell that surrounded him. His senses felt dulled, yet sharp. Despite being enveloped in liquid, he had no need to breathe... for now.

Gently, he pressed against the inside of the shell. The egg-like object stayed put, requiring more force than he was willing to exert.

_Physical power is not needed. I have another way now._

Davook closed his eyes as he let his hand fall back down to his side. His mind was all he needed.

A moment later, he released the energy from within, exploding the cocoon outwards in all directions before falling forwards and stumbling onto the floor. It was not a graceful exit, but it was a resounding success.

He coughed and sputtered as his normal breathing mechanisms resumed. "Kahhh... how long...?"

His vision slowly returned as he recognized the place he was in. The administration section... the top floor... the 13th floor. Corpses surrounded him, long since cooled and stiffened as rigor mortis overtook them. Expressions of terror enveloped the faces of the humans all around him.

A smile crept over his face. "Scared, were you? So was I. You knew I was down there, yet you ignored my plight. This is your reward."

Davook grabbed hold of a desk and pulled himself up, staring with a confused expression and wondering why the desk seemed... bigger. Had it always been this tall?

_No. Wait, that's not it at all. I am smaller._

Davook blinked as he noted that the colors of the world around him were gone now. All he could see was black and white. Glancing down at his hands, he stared intently as he realized his arms had become so black as to almost be transparent.

_It is as if I have... become one with the shadows._

Davook turned back and grabbed hold of the door handle, feeling annoyed that it was now almost at his eye level, being only a few inches below his chin.

_How odd that an evolution would shorten my height._

Davook pulled the door open and casually stepped over a corpse from his rampage earlier as he stared out a window. It was pitch black outside, in the dead of night. Davook caught sight of a clock on the wall, noting that it was just after 1 AM.

_Two hours. That seems to be far less time than it took for me to evolve into a shadow-walker._

He looked down at his hands again and frowned.

_I need to find a mirror._

Taking a quick look around, he spotted a human bathroom. Quickly walking inside, he immediately spotted the massive mirrors on the walls and was shocked by what he saw.

His body no longer had what one might call 'skin'. Instead, he seemed to almost be made up of a black smoke-like substance, one that flowed off his body in wisps and curled up into the air above him.

A word appeared in his mind, one that came unbidden.

**Shadow.**

_I am a Shadow. No longer one who walks among the shadows, I have joined with them._

It was a curious thing, the process of evolution. A strange voice often would appear in the mind of a demon following their evolution to tell them their new designation.

But... this was very abnormal. Shadow? No such creature existed. Davook had heard of shadow-walkers that evolved before, though it was a rare thing to happen... but they always became Wraiths. In fact, he'd only heard of half a dozen who had done so, and all of them had died during the Great War in Heaven, hundreds of years before.

Davook paused his thinking as he felt something odd. He was not alone.

He glanced down at the floor as he felt his presence cover every inch of the building, every nook and cranny where darkness could be felt.

Of course there were the three demons approaching his location, he had sensed them minutes before from within his cocoon. No... this was something else. A human.

Davook sniffed quietly as he turned towards the bathroom stalls. Someone was huddled in the stalls, still alive, breathing as silently as they could.

_What a joke. They must think they can remain undetected. Impossible._

Davook calmly walked over to one of the stall doors, pausing as he heard shallow breathing on the other side. This human must have heard his footsteps approaching, for they appeared to be trembling in fright.

"There's no need to fear. Death comes for all, eventually."

Davook spoke and was mildly amused that his previous shrill voice was gone now, replaced with a deep voice, bubbling over with brimstone and fire.

He pressed on the stall and heard a squeak on the other side, as the human revealed herself to be a female. She had locked the stall, though that was no obstacle to him now. Pressing lightly against the door, he melted through it, phasing into the other side effortlessly, as if the door didn't even exist.

The instant the woman saw him, she screamed.

A terrible, annoying sound. The sound a weakling might make just before their end arrived.

Davook didn't even bother to dirty his hands, as the shadows in the stall came alive, darting forwards like knives and stabbing her a thousand times over in the blink of an eye. Her screaming was cut short in an instant as she slumped over against the wall and fell off the toilet seat, all life gone from her body.

Davook smiled again, as the feeling of death washed over him. What a beautiful, melancholic feeling. Leaning down, he pressed her long brown hair against her face and inhaled deeply. _Now you are where all of your kind belong... in the afterlife._

Davook stayed there for a few moments before walking out of the bathroom, glancing down the hallway towards the demons that approached him now.

_One of them is an Emperor. How strange that an Emperor would come to see me. What might I have done to deserve this honor?_

The three demons rounded a corner and stopped as they were finally able to see the one who had such an ominous presence.

"D-Davook? Is... is that you?" A shadow-walker spoke up and Davook immediately had to resist rolling his eyes.

_I see now, my compatriots must have sought help to try and rescue me from the humans. Too little, too late, though their efforts are not unappreciated._

Davook hesitated before responding. Was it just his imagination, or was he able to perceive a strange line of shadow emanating from their heads and stretching up into the ceiling before disappearing? As if they were marionettes on a string. Surely, it must have been his eyes playing tricks on him.

"Torlok. Smealum. And... Fourth Emperor, Bael. A pleasure to see all of you."

Bael shoved the two smaller demons out of his way as he strode forwards, a broad grin on his face. "Well, would you look at that! An evolution outside of the labyrinth! Don't we have a real mystery on our hands here, eh... Davook?"

Something about the way he said Davook's name stirred up a feeling of disgust within the Shadow's inner self. As if he were looking down on the small demon.

"Is that jealousy I detect, Emperor? Do you crave something I possess?"

Bael's smile cracked as his eyebrows lowered. He glared down at Davook, a strange look in his eyes. "I'm just interested... in what you've become. Never seen a demon like you before. Are you the first of many... or perhaps... a unique evolution?"

Davook smiled back at Bael, his white molars having now been replaced with pure black husks of darkness. "Unique? I am unique, yes, as are all demons. I am not part of some hive-mind. You, on the other hand..."

Davook stared past Bael, up at that strange black thread of darkness that seemed to go from his head up towards the nether above. It was almost like Bael were some sort of puppet being controlled by a marionette master.

"...speaking of hive-mind... how is Satan doing these days?" Davook phrased the question casually, almost too casually for one with an ominous presence such as he. Bael immediately seemed suspicious.

"I ask the questions here, pup. How did you evolve without being in the labyrinth? Why have you evolved into something previously unseen?"

Davook ignored the questions. "I see. You didn't come here to help me or to save me from the humans... you came for your own selfish reasons. Perhaps not even your own."

Smealum had been silent this whole time, but now he spoke up. "Bael came to help. You should be thankful that an Emperor would give you his time of day. Especially when the labyrinth, our home, is being destroyed by the humans."

Mentioning humans made Davook blink a few times as he seemed to come back to his senses. For a moment, his bloodlust had been about to boil over. "Right. I do not trust Bael, no matter what you say his intentions are. In fact, I trust none of you. You're all... pawns. Weapons to be used by your superiors. This is truly unjust."

Bael snarled as he glared down at the short little demon before him. "You're acting pretty cocky, little fellow. What say I make you eat those words, eh? I'm no puppet, but I can break your body into pieces and turn you into one. Besides... I've been wondering what the extent of your strength is. Your body is smaller than that of any evolved demon I know, yet your power is unmistakable. Won't you humor me with a fight?"

Davook returned the glare as he took a step forward and stared up into the eyes of the Fourth Emperor. "Asking permission? That doesn't sound very regal. Perhaps you admit that I am no longer below you? Hell has only one rule; the rule of strength. Those with power lead, and those without... bend the knee."

Bael's temper was flaring up as he knelt down, keeping his face within a few inches of the former shadow-walker's. "Are you calling me weak, filth?"

Davook calmly smiled back at the angered face inches before him. "I'm merely stating what I see. You could try to persuade me otherwise, if you like."

Bael didn't hesitate as he lunged his hand forwards, grabbing at Davook's neck. The moment he started to move, Davook was gone.

" **Relying on primitive body movements, are you? You'll need to do better than that.** "

The shadows themselves seemed to shudder as a voice whispered through the corridors. The darkness itself seemed to come to life as the newly arisen Shadow began to display his power.

"Hiding, as a coward would. Your fear is palpable." Bael rose to his feet and looked around slowly. The Shadow was still here, somewhere. But where?

Where was the insect hiding?
