Part 306a: Meeting

The return trip was mostly uneventful. It took a little over a day to travel through the portal, get all of our ships on the other side back in the Terran system, and temporarily close the portal so we couldn't be quickly followed... but otherwise it was standard operating procedure.

Ben didn't speak to me even a single time on the way back. I suspect he's having more than just a rough time right now. Does he feel guilt? I certainly do. Perhaps he doubts me, now. His fleet's goal was to deal as much damage to their planet and kill as many Volgrim as possible, but he was mainly going to be attacking their military facilities and their fleet. I erased the entire planet, including its 'civilians'. I wouldn't expect him to understand, but I already knew from my discussions with Dosena... there are no civilians among the Volgrim. All are united in their devotion to the Founders. All are potential warriors, ready to be deployed to fight for the motherland.

When I realized this, I had to make the choice. Why should we drag on a war that would result in millions of our own and theirs dying? To me, this was the same as putting down a rabid dog, rather than taking the chance of it biting my children and letting the both of them suffer. It's not a good justification, I know that much... but it's all I've got.

Ah, we've finally arrived in Earth's sector. A quick notification pops up in my HUD... apparently Supreme Commander Stonewall wishes to speak with me. I can see the discussion going a multitude of ways, few of them good. Ehh, then again, he's a military man. Perhaps he will appreciate my saving of humanity's lives and my absolute eradication of 99% of the Volgrim. All that's left now is to find the straggler ships. It's like searching for a needle in a haystack, but they can't be worse than a nuisance anymore. They're no threat now.

I walk over to Amelia as Earth comes into view, a faint dot far in the distance. "I'll be heading down to the surface for a while. I need to speak with the military's head commander. Do you... want anything?"

Amelia has been extremely quiet during the entire trip back. She's said very little. Now she is wearing a pure black robe and laying on the couch while quietly reading a book. I glance at the title. _To Kill a Mockingbird_. Heh, appropriate.

She shakes her head slowly. "No. I'm fine."

I stare at her for a moment, but she doesn't follow up with anything, choosing instead to continue fixating her eyes on the book.

"Amelia. I know you're not happy about what I did... but I weighed the options. It was the best choice given the situation."

She continues to keep her eyes locked on the book, but I can tell she's only pretending to read. After a moment or two, she responds quietly. "Yeah, I know."

I decide not to respond. If she understands, then there's not much more I can do about the mood in here. Nobody is happy about this turn of events.

Walking away wordlessly, I head to the bridge, leaving the relaxation quarters behind. As I walk down the metallic halls of the Mothership, I lock my eyes on the rapidly approaching ball of green and blue, hundreds of thousands of miles away. What speed are we traveling at? Must be light speed or sub-light. If we were traveling at even Warp 2 or 3, we'd be there already. I wonder why Harold is taking his sweet time.

Not like it matters. At this rate, it'll just be another few minutes before I have to go down to the surface. Hell, I could use my abilities to go there now and the energy cost, for what little it matters, would be trivial.

I don't really want to go down there. My decision to destroy Volgarius will be polarizing at best among the populace, once they find out. No... _if_ they find out, I should say. Only a few officers aboard the bridge of the Command Ship know exactly what happened. They, my clones, Amelia, and myself. Of course, if even a single one of these people leaks the information to the press, the entire world will know within an hour. That's just how the 24 hour news-cycle works.

But something tells me that Stonewall won't be eager to let the information slip. Hell, I'm not pleased either. What even vaguely moral human would be? You'd have to be a total psychopath to feel joy over the deaths of thirteen trillion sentient beings. No... not the deaths... the genocide. That was absolutely genocide.

I don't know how I'm going to live with myself. I kept a clinical distance from the destruction of the planet to try and detach myself emotionally, but there's no escaping this one.

Harold interrupts my thoughts. "Kid, we're here. You 'bout ready ta' go down?"

I nod. "Yeah, I guess."

His voice is softer than usual. "Somethin' the matter? Wanna talk 'bout it?"

I start to say 'no', but I feel something stop me. "Yeah. Maybe. I'm not sure. I killed a lot of people, you know. That was my choice. They might be aliens, but they were sentient, highly evolved, and they died without putting up any sort of fight."

Harold's mental presence appeared in my mind as he bobbed his head with melancholy. "I saw the whole thing, kid. I'm proud of ye'. It might seem like ye' made the wrong choice now... the guilt might eat away at'cha... but you made a choice few men ever could make. Most wouldn't have the balls, if ye' catch mah drift."

I grimaced slightly at his words. "I made the choice to exterminate trillions of lives in the blink of an eye. Whether it took guts or not, it's simply pure evil. _I'm_ evil now, Harold. It doesn't matter how I or anyone else justifies it, there's no excuse for my actions. I don't regret the choice that I made, only that I did end up making it... if that makes sense."

Harold was quiet for a moment as he seemed to ponder something unknown. "Look, kid, you know I fought in the World Wars, right? I was boots on the ground in the first, and a commander in the second. I know how it is on both sides, y'see. I don't think you are evil, kid, because I've seen evil firsthand. I tasted evil and faced it down. You might've killed more than Hitler and Mussolini and Castro and all those other goons ever did, but the reasons were different. They did it because they wanted power. You did it to protect those ye' loved. If you didn't kill the Volgrim, they might have killed us, y'see? War never changes. It's kill or be killed. No matter what anyone says about ye', just know this, kid; you'll always be the good guy in my eyes. Promise."

Harold finished his little speech and cocked a small grin. I blinked twice at his words as I looked inside myself for the proper words. "Thanks, Harold. I know you will. It's something, at the least."

Harold smiled a little more broadly, an expression I hadn't seen for the last few days. "Go on, boy. Git' down there'n give 'em hell. You tell that son of a bitch who's in charge."

"Sure thing, Harold. I'll do what I can."

My lukewarm answer probably wasn't what he wanted to hear, but it would have to do.

I sat in the rather comfortable leather chair directly across from Stonewall as he puffed on a cigar as usual. I've only ever spoken to him once, and it was not a comfortable discussion, to say the least.

I felt a coldness that seemed to wash over my body periodically. With my helmet off, I felt naked and weak in front of him, for reasons unknown. This man knew my identity, and possibly even vaguely knew of my powers. Something about the physical reaction I was feeling felt eerily familiar though. Well, of course I knew what it was immediately; it was an energy dampener. Similar to the one Marie had used on me in the future when she and Umi took me out, this dampener was able to lower my magical energy output dramatically. Curses... just when I had planned to read his mind too. He's no fool. Luckily, it seemed to be a prototype version, and didn't render my powers fully inert, nor cause any painful side effects.

But, given enough time, I had little doubt the technology would be improved enough to where it would be a huge danger to myself.

Stonewall's expression was dead serious as his eyes lazily panned over the words on the holopad in his hands. "Was good work you did. You destroyed entire Volgrim planet, eh, Jason?"

I grunted. "Yeah. Vaporized it, actually. The video logs are included in that report that Ben gave you."

Stonewall casually set the holopad on the table in front of him, taking a long drag on his cigar immediately after as he blew a thin line of smoke to his side. How polite of him to not blast it in my face. "So interesting, the method you used. You smashed the entire planet with big metal rock... while primitive, the method was quite effective."

Stonewall paused for a moment, as if he had more to say and was pausing to make a point. "So interesting, da. I cannot help but wonder though, why it took you so long to come up with this idea?"

I felt my eyes narrow involuntarily. "What are you insinuating?"

Stonewall shrugged nonchalantly. "Nothing in particular, I suppose. Is just so fascinating to me that you did not tell any of the generals on the field about your plan. You made the choice to destroy the planet without consulting anyone else. Who knows what technology we might have acquired, or what resources we might have obtained, hmm? Now we will never know."

I swallowed carefully. "Again, what are you implying? I made the choice as a split-second decision, seeing how badly our forces were being shredded by the Volgrim. Their fighting ability was superior to our own on their home turf. It seemed the logical-"

Stonewall raised his hand to silence me. "I disagree. It was foolish choice. Irrational, even. Besides that, there's the matter of the timing..."

I licked my lips slowly. "The timing, huh? Care to explain?"

"Da. Because we pulled our ships out, they had time to evacuate several million of their troops. Despite the recording you have provided, it only shows one side of the planet. Plenty of ships might have slipped out the side of the planet we couldn't see. Very convenient how it all fit into place, hm?"

I felt my hands starting to tremble slightly. "Are... are you implying... are you trying to say that I _collaborated_ with the enemy? To destroy their own planet? Yet I also allowed them to escape its destruction?"

Stonewall sucked on his cigar again, keeping his gaze focused on me. "You are one who said that, not me. My point is simply that I neither know nor trust you. Your actions are unbecoming of one who has the power to destroy a planet. And... you are dangerous. Very, very dangerous. If I do not understand your motivations or why you take certain actions... if you do not consult with me before making such big moves... what am I to think of, hm?"

I lowered my eyes slightly, unable to meet his gaze. "So you don't trust me. That's what you mean? I've been fighting to save the Earth for a long time. Longer, even, than you've been alive. How dare you question my allegiance."

"Da. Much longer than I've been alive. More than a hundred years, _Jason Hiro_. Your birth was officially recorded at the end of the 20th century, according to surviving hospital records from the Americas. Yet for all that time that you've been alive, you have accomplished so very little."

Stonewall reached down, pulling open a small drawer at the front of his desk. As he reached in, a faint smile appeared on his face for a brief moment before disappearing. Pulling his hand back out, he procured a folder labeled [TOP SECRET] in bold red letters and closed the drawer as he leaned forwards, holding the folder in his hand.

Slowly, deliberately, he opened up the folder and began to paw through the pages, stopping every so often to pull the cigar from his mouth and flick the ashes into an ashtray before him before sticking it back in his mouth.

"You created the hypersuits. You terraformed the Red Planet. You predicted the future. That is all. But more importantly than what you did to help humanity... was what you did not do." He set the folder on the table in between us, leaving it open so I could see some of the contents. I felt my stomach churn at the sight of the gruesome photos. "You did not destroy the Volgrim fleets on several occasions. These are photos never seen by general public of the devastation we had to clean up." He pulled out one photo of a little girl wailing in sorrow as she wrapped her arms around her father who had been torn in half from the waist down by debris.

Stonewall eyed me coldly. "Look at this photo. This man was killed by debris that fell from space. If you have power to destroy entire planet, and the power to terraform another... why did you not stop these small pieces of debris from raining hellfire on your own kind? Why did you not vaporize the war-fleets when they arrived to kill your own people? Why did humanity only luck out by invention of the Damocles, when we had _you_ there to save us? If you are so powerful, all these acts could have been prevented, yet you did nothing."

I felt my mouth drying out. "That's... I wasn't as powerful back then as I am now... I... I prevented the majority of the debris from hitting Earth... I helped with the cleanup, I did the best that I could!"

"BULLSHIT!" Stonewall's eyes exploded as he threw his cigar down to his side. "You are full of lies! Whose side are you on?! I know you are descended from mythical heroes, I know you have power to save humanity, yet you fail to use it, time after time!" Stonewall's nostrils flared as he snorted angrily, his teeth gritted. Pausing for a moment, he closed his eyes to regain his emotional control. Taking a deep breath, he leaned back in his chair as he stifled a snarl. "No more of this. I believe you are not ally of humanity, but enemy. Humanity no longer will require your services, from this day forwards. Do you understand me?"

I felt my own rage vanish in the blink of an eye as shock replaced it. "What? You're dismissing me? Who the hell do you think you are? What right do you have- no, what authority do you have to make that call? My abilities may not have been used to their fullest extent, but my intentions have always been in the right place! I have done as much as I could to protect humanity!"

Stonewall smirked at me. "Again with the lies. You disgust me, da. If you had power to destroy Volgrim homeworld, you should have told me beforehand. Instead, we lost 80% of our strike forces in the initial attack, wasting their lives while you decided to come in and claim the glory for yourself afterwards. You must think of yourself as some kind of god, doling out punishment whenever you please. Were their lives worth so little to you? Were their sacrifices in vain?"

I felt my eyes cloud momentarily as what he was saying reached my inner thoughts. He's right, of course. From his perspective, I'm a loose cannon. I haven't been honest with him, though my reasons involve protecting the timeline. I don't know how to explain to him why I made the choices I did either. He can rationalize them in any way he wishes.

"I see." I drawled the words out, but my hands shook as I realized the weight of his order. "So if you can't trust me, then I must no longer interfere? What if something happens and you need me? Will you beg for my help then?"

Stonewall sneered viciously. "Your true colors emerge. So you wish to be a hero lauded by the people, it would seem. That will not happen, Jason. We will never again require your services. I've acquired several alternatives, much more reliable than you, much less prone to working with the enemy behind my back."

I felt my jaw slacken slightly. _Alternatives_? What did he mean by that? But more importantly... "So you accuse me of treason now, too? What do you mean by working with the enemy?"

"Don't play stupid with me. You spoke with the Volgrim when they very first observed our planet. You have spoken with demons privately on several occasions, and your relationship with the angels appears to be quite... _intimate_. You may think me a weak, frail, stupid human... but I know your kind. Playing all sides of the field at once, looking to profit for yourself. It won't happen any more, not on my watch. Beatrix is gone, I am in command. I will raise humanity up to the glory it should have had, long ago. I will do what she never would."

Stonewall waved his hand dismissively. "Begone. Take all of your clones with you too, and all of your hypersuits. They are needed no longer. _You_ are needed no longer."

I stared at him icily for a long few moments. Finally, I stood up. "Very well. You've made your bed, now sleep in it. Don't you ever ask for a favor from me. But know this; if humanity should ever face an existential threat... whether you like it or not, I will be there. Not for you, and not for glory... but to save those I love. You can't take that from me, you never will have that power over me."

"I would not be so sure." Stonewall glared at me, as I turned my back on him. Holding my helmet stiffly by my side, I strode out of the room.

I am an outcast now, ousted by the leader of the very people I fight to protect.

What am I fighting for?
