Part 209a

Sarah and Ivan stared at the scanner. "He was there a moment ago, then he disappeared." Ivan, as usual, stated the obvious.

"No shit he disappeared. You're a real Ken Jennings, you know that?" Gerald rolled his eyes. "Find him. The wide frequency scanner shows he's still in the area. He appears to have some ability that spreads itself over a large space, approximately 5 miles in diameter. And since the energy is here, so is he."

"Yeah, but there's 360 degrees worth of directions he could have gone, and that's only on the horizontal plane." Sarah quickly grabbed the satellite receiver and started slowly turning it around, hunting for the signal.

"It's like looking for a needle in a haystack. When is HQ going to get us some better equipment?" Ivan sighed as he slumped back in his chair, watching the map readout.

"This so-called shitty equipment costed the U.S. taxpayers a goddamn lot of money, so be grateful." Gerald resisted the urge to beat the crap out of the loudmouth.

"They haven't even told us what we're chasing after. This guy might not even be human, you know? He might be some kind of monster. Maybe even a... well, you know." Sarah shifted her shoulders as she rotated the receiver around.

"Yeah, he might be one of _them_ but we won't know even if we catch him. For all we know, he-" Before Gerald could finish his sentence, Sarah's receiver had picked up a blip and everyone lunged towards the readout to get a look.

"Fuck, he's close. He's- oh Jesus!" Ivan stumbled back as he realized Sarah was pointing the receiver directly behind the vehicle. At the exact instant he had that thought, something smashed into the back of the vehicle, caving the rear door inwards slightly, and jolting the van ahead a few feet.

"Holy sh-!!" Before the driver, Mark, had time to finish his sentence, a terrifying monster appeared on the hood of the car, with two long curved blades for arms, a mouth filled with razor sharp teeth, blood red skin, and two legs that resembled thick wooden clubs, with two long front claws and one on the back.

Everyone in the van screamed at once, except for Gerald. He had high level clearance, so he knew what it was at a glance.

"Scyther! Grab your guns, idiots!" He whipped out a special energy pistol and took aim at the monster on the windshield. Right as he pulled the trigger, the monster vanished, and a shearing sound was heard, as a long blade suddenly jammed up through the bottom of the van, tearing open a huge gash in the bottom. Without a single extra thought, Gerald whipped his gun down and fired three times at the thing under the vehicle. His shots all scored hits, and it screamed in pain before it vanished.

For a few moments, nothing else happened. Everyone in the van was whipping their heads around, but Sarah stole a glance at the screen. "What the hell?! The energy reading is totally gone!"

Everyone turned to look at the screen, and they unconsciously let a sigh of relief escape their lips.

"What the fuck was that thing, Gerald? You seemed to know what it was." Ivan glanced over at the team leader.

Gerald nodded. "Of course I do. High level clearance only though. You won't get any details from me, and you'd better not ask either... if you like your job."

Ivan sighed, as he slumped to the base of the vehicle. "My job, huh? I'm beginning to think I don't get paid enough."

Gerald snorted. "None of us do, rookie. Now pick your pansy-ass up, you look like you're about to piss yourself. I want a status report, and call the bureau, stat. They need to know about this and get an investigation team here to review the logs."

He glanced out at the hood of the vehicle. "Not to mention the evidence. What we're chasing after ain't no man, that's for sure. He's a-... never mind. Let's move out."

...................................................................

Alright, I've about figured it all out, now. There are exactly seven of these scanners in the world. They can track me precisely, but they work like radio towers, they can only pinpoint my exact location if they are aimed directly at me, otherwise they seem to be picking up my energy aura, likely caused by my spatial vision.

This means by hiding my aura, I would be a lot harder to find, but I'm not too worried about it yet. They may not realize that I know about their scanners, so if they think my aura is always on, they will always assume it is. Could be useful for the near future.

They're still disorganized.

However, even with bureaucratic red tape, that won't last forever. They started out with two scanners, now they have seven. Clearly, someone is taking notice of me, even though they don't know who I am.

But if they don't know who I am, then I won't be able to save humanity. Everything I'm doing right now is to advance my goal of securing the future of humanity, but also the other two sides of this war. It's doable, and only I can do it.

But if I wait much longer, my dramatic entrance will be impossible to make. If I wait too long, the Volgrim will attack and my warning will be useless.

What's that old saying? Strike while the iron is hot.

It's time to strike.