Part 063: Chase

Gasping for breath, we ran faster than we'd ever ran before. I sent Todoro ahead of us, since he could run tirelessly faster than any other man I'd ever met. Being blessed by the Wind God as a child had been of great benefit in his life.

As my men and I fled we were shocked to see Todoro run back towards us after a couple minutes as he rejoined our small troop and started running in step with us.

"Bad news, Roland. I can't believe I'm saying this but the way up ahead is different from the way we entered."

I cursed under my breath. "Damn... we must have entered the wrong path in our haste! Then we must make a stand here in this small corridor. If we get surrounded we will surely die."

Todoro shook his head. "No, General, you misunderstand. This is the correct path. I believe that this place somehow _changed_ and the walls have moved or something."

I suddenly felt unnerved. More so than I was before at least. We have a small army of... _something_ chasing us in the distance, and it would appear that we've entered some cursed maze of shifting corridors and unknown dangers. Todoro was a brilliant general, not as famed as I am, but definitely quicker witted. He had won his engagements through rapid fire tactics to keep the enemy on their toes and overwhelmed until the very end. While I did boast a 90% survival rate of my troops, he boasted that all his major skirmishes had been completed in a day or less.

To hear Todoro say that this place was somehow shifting... it made no sense, but neither did a doorway appearing out of thin air. "Prepare for combat, we'll keep moving and find a narrow space we can defend from more easily."

...

It's been 15 minutes, we went from a familiar set of twists and turns to a completely unknown set of twists and turns. The earthen walls are all starting to look the same. My men and I, except for Todoro, are beginning to get exhausted. At this rate, if we go on much longer, not only will we be forced to stop, when they catch up to us, we'll be too exhausted to fight properly.

"H-halt!" I gasped aloud, and the company slowed to a standstill. "This.... hah.... this is it. We will make our stand here."

The men nodded, as they wheezed and gasped. Todoro, bless his saintly soul, breathed evenly. "If they arrive before you've all regained your energy, I will try to slow them down, even if just for a moment. I swing my sword nearly as fast as I run, you know."

I nodded. He was a one-man army when it came to a fight against many weak opponents. His weakness was singular strong opponents like me. The problem is, we didn't know _what_ was chasing us. If they were weak, he might just win by himself. But if they were strong...

"An admirable goal, but if all of us perish here, the King will never know what lies inside this maze. You must go on forward by yourself. My men and I..." I quickly gazed around at the faces of my soldiers. Defeat clung to the air, as they readied themselves to die. Peter had closed his eyes and was praying to our seven divine goddesses for courage, whispering his prayer quietly under his breath as he clasped his hands together.

"My men and I will hold them off. You must escape, Todoro. If this maze has an end, you are the only one who will find it on this day."

Todoro stared into my eyes. A debate raged on in his head. I had not stated this was an order. I outranked him and could surely order him if needed. But... even I did not truly wish to send a single man alone into this hell. If he was to go, it would be due to his own choice.

The sounds of footsteps once again grew loud behind us. Tears filled Todoro's eyes as he bit his lip. "General Roland. It... it has truly been an honor to serve under you." He grabbed my shoulder and gripped it fiercely. "Give them hell."

And with that, he ran down the corridor.

My eyes also filled with tears as I turned to face the monsters chasing us.
