Part 340a

Marie squinted and blinked in surprise, as she and Clarence exited the portal and were met with a blinding white glare. After a few seconds, she managed to see more clearly and was quite surprised by the place they had arrived in.

"Snow? I died in the middle of summer, as did you. Why would there be snow here?"

They were inside a small cave, the portal to Heaven sat behind them, glowing blue and impossible to see inside. Its light barely compared to the blinding brightness of Earth's yellow sun shining down on several inches of snow just a few feet away, outside the cave entrance.

Clarence was on edge, as he looked back and forth. "No Guardians? Is this some kind of joke? Why wouldn't they have this side of the portal protected?"

Marie shook her head slowly as they slowly walked forwards, careful to keep their voices low. "I'm not certain. But if there's snow here, then..." They stepped outside the cave and gasped, realizing Marie's suspicions were correct. "We're atop a very high mountain. At least a mile or two above ground level."

Clarence glanced to the left and right. "Which one, though? We could be anywhere."

"Not necessarily. The angels would be idiotic to put an unguarded portal anywhere demons might chance upon it, so we're definitely on the Britannian continent somewhere. The Americas are out of the question, and Australia seems unlikely. In fact, we're probably somewhere deep inside humanity's line of defense, so Europe would be my best bet right now..." She glanced around as a freezing wind smashed into both of their bodies. Interestingly, she was unable to feel the cold. Her new angelic body was truly something.

"I see something down and over there." Clarence pointed in the general direction of what might have been a small town several miles below them, but also a bit further from the base of the mountain than one would expect.

Marie squinted and shrugged. "Could be anything. We'll have to get a closer look to be sure of where we are. This topography seems familiar though, so I might be able to figure out our location before we get down there. Let's just get moving, in case someone decides to walk through that portal. I'm not interested in being seen."

"Uh, sure." Clarence paused as he swallowed and stared down the sheer drop of several hundred feet directly outside their cave's exit. "How do we... get down?"

"Christ, you really are an idiot. We have wings, stupid. We fly." Marie flexed her wings and spread them out, beckoning at them with a 'duh' expression on her face.

"Right. I knew that." Clarence blushed as he tried to manipulate his wings. "I've never flown with them before, though. What if I screw up?"

"Guess you'll find out." Marie snickered evilly, as she suddenly jumped behind him and shoved him out the cave exit. "Pow! Out you go!"

Clarence shrieked in terror as he suddenly began plummeting downwards, quickly jerking out his wings in a desperate attempt to save himself from a horrible death of smashing into a pile of rocks at the bottom.

It worked.

"Oh." Clarence slowly opened his eyes, realizing he was hovering in midair, not even bothering to flap his wings. "That was... really easy."

"Hmm. I had always theorized that angels didn't fly in the same manner as birds do. They probably use some form of magic that gives their wings anti-gravity properties. I wonder if the wings are just for show, even?" Marie flew down towards Clarence, a wicked grin on her face. "You should have seen the look on your face though. That really made my day."

"I'm glad you're having fun." Clarence glared at her in annoyance. "So what now?"

"Let's go find out what that town is called. Maybe I can get in contact with mysel- err, a friend of mine. Just make sure you're not spotted. Our vision is hawk-like, so we can stay high up enough in the air that nobody will see us, unless some asshole decided this was the perfect day to go birdwatching. We do not want to attract attention right now."

Marie tapped her knee for a second thoughtfully, as she pondered their next move. _This preacher would be ideal to start the tasks that will eventually lead to the completion of my new plan, but on the other hand, I need to learn more about my body's strengths and weaknesses, plus come up with a suitable disguise... however if I try to return to the labyrinth looking like an angel, I can't see myself getting far. Decisions, decisions..._

Clarence's usual dumb look of wonder was also replaced with something more thoughtful. "I had many followers back in London. My church was the biggest church ever. But since I'm an angel now, my presence is likely to make everyone even more fervent in their godly beliefs. I can't just go back there. I guess... I don't have anywhere to go."

"Incorrect. You're definitely going to be returning to your followers. My plan depends on it. However, we need to do a great many things before that. Let's get a move on... time is of the essence."

Marie didn't wait for a response, as she jerked downwards, swooping towards the human town below them as she flew at sub-sonic speeds. Clarence took a moment to realize she was even gone before he quickly gave chase.

_If he weren't so damn key to my plan, I'd have dropped him already, but this man will make my job a great deal easier. Best to simply keep my misgivings silent and focus on the big picture._

I appeared back in my room aboard the Mothership, glancing around to see I was alone. Occasionally when I arrived back here, Amelia would be in here waiting for me or just goofing around. This was not the case, today.

I sat down heavily on the bed and yawned, scratching my hip as I stared ahead thoughtfully. Within a few moments, Harold appeared in my mind.

"What's cookin', kid? Ain't seen ya 'round for a while. How'd it go in the maze thingumy?"

"Pretty well, all things considered. Killed lots of demons with a nuclear warhead, got rid of a woman who I consider to be a devious enemy. And then I found out that Archangel Raphael decided to kill a man who ran Earth's biggest church. Still not sure what I think of that." I stopped scratching, noting that Harold was relatively quiet.

"Hmm. Yeap, can't say I know much 'bout any o' that. You think that angel done the right thing?"

"I don't think murder is ever right, but I'd be a hypocrite to call him out for it anyway. I'm sure he had his reasons."

Harold nodded, a chiding look on his face. "Hmm, hmm. You know what they say though, kid... the road ta' hell is paved with good intentions. I'd keep an eye on 'im if I was you. How bout yer lady friend, you two gettin' along fine?"

I feel my cheeks flush slightly. "Yeah, I'd say we're doing well. Even after all these years, I'm still not the greatest with women. I do love her, though. I don't want that future to return that we lived through once already."

"Huh. Seems you've had quite the change o' heart, then?"

I squinted as I looked at his face that appeared to float in front of mine, but was really a trick of the mind. "I don't follow."

"Well, for the longest time, ya didn't wanna change the future at all. Now, ya do. What gives? What changed?"

I pause for a moment as I think about it. "Well, in the future that I came from... there were these girls..."

"Uh-huh." Harold stared at me vacantly, seemingly trying to resist rolling his eyes.

"...Cassiel and Samantha... and the three of us were sort of an item. I didn't want to alter the future so that they no longer existed." I trailed off as a look of boredom overcame him.

"Right, 's always a lady. I just don't like what's happenin' to ya, kid. There was once a time when ya didn't just go out 'n blow up a planet full o' folks, or set off a goddamn nuke to kill those you call enemies. It wasn't good when we nuked Japan in the forties, and it ain't okay now. There's a big difference between punchin' a jerkwad in the face, and tying him up 'n shootin' him in the back of the head after you done conked him out cold. Honor, ya know?"

"I understand that, Harold. It's not that easy though. I have to eliminate the demons quickly. The future depends on it."

"Oh yeah? Why?" Harold's eyes narrow as he stares at me intently.

The question takes me off balance for a moment. "I just... have to, okay? If the demons don't exist, then they won't enslave the galaxy in the time when I come from. If even just a few survive, they might be able to make a comeback over the next hundred million years. That's plenty of time for them to repopulate."

Harold sneers at me, an expression he's never made before. "Listen to ya. Makin' excuses for genocide. Who says ya git to decide who lives 'n dies, eh boy? Why not try 'n make peace first? Why's it always 'bout fightin' with you? Can't ya just use yer head for once? There's other ways, Jason."

"It's easy to think like that, Harold, but harder to put into practice."

"Easy? Ain't nothin' easy 'bout it, son. Democracy's 'bout the hardest thing in the world. Took us humans 'round ten thousand years to even think 'bout it. Even when we had it, everyone couldn't agree which was was the best way ta do it, 'n now ya'll just abandoned it. Bless their hearts, now all humans blindly follow a dictator king. But alright, son. Let's play along for a moment. Let's do a little thought experiment, alright?"

I nodded slowly as I waited. "Okay, what do you have in mind?"

"Let's say ya do kill the demons. Then what? Assumin' the humans don't kill off the angels, and we both know they will, humans will... what? Expand to fill the galaxy? You gonna keep ruling over 'em forever? What if ya only kill off most of the demons... are ya gonna keep 'em as pets? Now yer the one holdin' slaves and runnin' 'em like cattle. Yer no better'n the demons in the end. Is that what'cha really want, Jason? Is it?"

I grimace at his words. "Well, no. But what other options are there? Humans are inherently violent. We'll never be able to get along with the demons, even if the demons agreed to sign a peace treaty. And the demons and angels will always hate each other, at least as far as I can see."

"Sounds like ya ain't giving humans much credit. I mean, don't get me wrong, humans are pretty bad... but they aren't as bad as you think, Jason. Stop and think about how yer talkin' sometimes. Ya can be kinda extreme occasionally."

I started to retort but Harold groaned. "Ahhh, not like it matters anyway. I'm just an old man, stuck in a weird magic orb. What the hell do I know? You're the all-powerful Hero, right? I'm sure ya got this under lock 'n key."

For some reason, his false confidence in me made guilt well up inside of myself. "I'm trying my hardest here, Harold. I might have ridiculous powers, but I'm not all-seeing or all-knowing. I'm just an imperfect human doing imperfect things."

"No kidding." Harold laughed wryly as I felt him starting to pull away from the conversation. "My problem, in the end, isn't what yer doin'; or how yer doin' it, kid... it's _why_. Really, yer doin' all o' this because yer still selfish. Ya say yer doin' it fer the good o' humanity, but I don't believe that... not anymore. I still consider ya a friend, but ya ain't the same friend I met a hundred years ago. Think about it, Jason."

We both stared at each other silently for a few moments before he coughed. "Also, yer fiance ain't here right now. She done went to the surface to do some stuff. Said she was gonna go to a hospital in London, I think."

The abrupt change of topic made me realize Harold was no longer interested in discussing it anymore. Did he no longer trust me? Had we fallen from each other's friendship? It was hard to say.

"A hospital, huh? I really should go check on that, then. Mind doing me a favor and sending me wherever she is?"

Harold swallowed as he began to fade from my vision. "Yeah. Can do, kid. Take care of yerself."

A moment later, I sighed as the feeling of my soft bed left my rear and I was standing inside a sterilized white building.

Just gotta find Amelia, now.