Part 411b - Pain

" **Locate.** " Marie's location doesn't come to me as I had hoped, but that's okay. I assumed it wouldn't.

Ben and I finish riding the hover-shaft out of Marie's red-level facility and step off after a quick surveillance check to make sure nobody was outside. He taps some buttons on the wrist-communicator he pulled from his corpse several minutes ago and then turns to me. "Miss Becker is in your office."

"Oh, you can track her?" I didn't think he could do that, but maybe he's smarter than I expected.

"Sort of. Miss Becker has a secret transponder signal that only she and I can find. It's only to be used in emergencies, but I suspect she doesn't know you cloned me, or that you're using me to get information about her covertly."

His words almost make me feel guilty. _Almost._ "Well, it's our lucky break, then. If you say she's in my office, then she must be there. You can't lie, after all. Right?"

"Indeed. I'd certainly prefer lying to protect Miss Becker, but it seems I don't have much choice in the matter."

Well, that is definitely honesty from him. The two of us walk for a while until we arrive at the hovershaft leading upstairs, toward my office. Once we get on, I turn to him. "You love Marie, don't you?"

He holds his cool. "I do. I sometimes wonder if she feels the same way toward me. Will she mourn the death of my human body?"

"I don't know Marie well, but something tells me she's not the grieving type. However, she is a tactical thinker." I pause for a moment as a thought occurs to me. "Why would she be in my office? If I can't locate her, she must be surrounded by anti-energy. She wouldn't want me to find her..."

Ben chuckles. "Heh, you were right about not knowing Miss Becker. Maybe she did remember my transponder and anticipated you would ask me where she is. You're probably walking right into a trap."

Blaarjiim pops into my vision. _This one is correct. Marie is a cunning woman, and she seeks to entrap you. I would be wary of walking directly into any traps she lays, you're unlikely to escape them in one piece._

A trap, huh? I ponder the thought for only a few seconds. The obvious trap is my office being pumped full of anti-energy. I've been hit by that stuff twice now. The first was in my office at Marie's hand, and the second time was thanks to the man beside me. I can't keep getting falling for the same ruse.

"Blaarjiim, how were you able to make me move when I was immobile earlier?"

I ask the question, then realize that Ben has no idea who Blaarjiim is. He looks at me questioningly, but I don't bother elaborating. He might be loyal to me and have to follow my every order, but I can't trust him. Honestly, killing him might be a better idea in the long run.

_My power is immune to Marie's anti-energy. As the creator of it, she does not know of my existence and thus cannot tailor it to neutralize me. However, if she should find out about me and learn how my energy type works, she will be able to weaken me just as she did you._

Hmm. If that's the case... "Ben, explain to me the differences between all the sentient species and how their energy works."

He doesn't even pause to think about it. "Every race has a different energy type. The angels gain strength when humans pray to them, and they have no limit as to how much energy they can hold, but by using magical energy stored inside them, it reduces their lifespan. Demons cannot be prayed to, but increase their limits when they kill other beings, ingesting their souls to make themselves more powerful."

Ben winks at me. "Oh, and if a demon kills you and takes your soul, you will not be reborn as an angel. Just a heads up."

"Good to know."

He continues. "The Volgrim have unknown properties but other than strong psionic abilities, we've seen no evidence of magical energy. They are like humans, in that humans have almost no magic potential at all."

I lean against the side wall of the hovershaft as we continue rocketing upward. "All this talk of magic, it's hard to believe that it really exists. If I didn't have it myself, I'd think everyone was lying."

"Well, you're a special case. You're a 'hero', which is an individual given vast power by the angels. Only one is born every generation, and another cannot gain the powers of a hero until the previous one dies."

A hero? That sounds decidedly nobler than I imagine myself to be. I'm not a hero, just a regular person given super-powers on par with that of a god.

"Great. Thanks for the information." I turn my attention back to Blaarjiim. "Can you boost me again if we get into an anti-energy situation?"

He shakes his head in my mind's eye. _No. If I had another few days to recover my energy, then I could. Unlike you, who regains your energy every night while you sleep, I am similar to the demons, in that I recover slowly, over time. I exhausted everything for that burst I gave you, and barely have enough to stay awake even now. I'd rather sleep than stay awake._

He seems whinier than usual. I relent and decide not to press the issue. "Fine, go to sleep then. I have another plan."

Ben pipes up and finally asks the question he's been mulling for several minutes. "Who are you talking to?"

I refuse to tell him. If he becomes compromised, as could happen, knowing about my lone ace in the hole will be awful for me. "Nobody, maybe my other personality. Sometimes he tells me the birds are chirping when they aren't."

"Birds?"

His question makes me frown. "You don't know what a friggin' bird is?"

"Sounds familiar but I don't know for sure."

"Never mind."

...............................................................

Once the hover-shaft reaches the top, we both step out and quickly make our way down hallways and past rooms, beelining straight for my office. Sometimes a uniformed officer will salute me, but I ignore them. I'm in too much of a rush.

A familiar corridor opens up before me, and I breathe slowly. My office is just around the corner. We walk forward a few feet and I spot my assistant, dozing off at the desk. I want to just ignore her, but as if she has a sixth sense and a knack for detecting me, she jerks her head up and stares at me in confusion. "O-oh! Commander Hiro! I didn't expect you at the office today!" She stands up and bangs her knee on the desk, wincing afterward. "Owie, shoot. Uh, I have these memos you need to sign, they're from General-"

I interrupt her. "Is there anyone in my office?"

Stephanie is confused by my question. "Huh? Not that I know of. Why?"

"Just curious. Were you sleeping at your desk?"

She stiffens. "Well, I mean, it's been a long day, and I had all this paperwork, and I-"

"Of course. I'm going in, now." I have to hold back anger at her incompetence in order to prevent myself from rolling my eyes, but as Ben and I continue walking past, I catch a glimpse of that stupid speechless expression on her face, and in an instant, I decide I've had enough.

"You know what, Stephanie? Go home. You're fired. Pack up your belongings and leave."

Even Ben looks surprised. "You're firing her?"

"Yes. I need people I can _trust_, individuals who can do their jobs. Clearly, Stephanie doesn't understand the meaning of discipline."

When I turn back to look at her, no tears are visible in her eyes. She looks a little gloomy, but otherwise, she's taking it rather well. "Ah... you don't trust me. I understand. That's how it is. How long have you thought like this?"

This time I really do roll my eyes. "Since I first met you. I don't think you've ever gone a day without screwing things up."

She swallows and reaches down to pick up a bag with her belongings in it. "I understand. I'm sorry I disappointed you, Supreme Commander."

Without another word, she walks past us quickly, keeping her head bowed. Funny, for a moment there, I felt almost like the clumsy girl thing was all an act, a ruse. She suddenly seemed sharper and more confident. Maybe the job was just too much pressure for her. Working for a guy like the previous Jason, a stickler for the rules... it would have been harrowing, to say the least. A moment later the thought passes and I've already moved on.

I turn to my office door, and its AI speaks up. "Hello, Commander Jason Hiro. How are you feeling today?"

"I'm fine, Samuel. Is Marie Becker in my office?"

The AI beeps a negative tone. "No, she is not. I will unlock the doors for you."

Huh? She isn't? Did Ben trick me?

The door opens, and I sigh as I spot her, sitting in my chair. She's leaning back lazily, without a care in the world, and for once she isn't smoking.

"Jason. Ben. Glad you two showed up."

"You were expecting us, then." My question is rhetorical, and she quickly picks up on that.

"Of course. The transponder that you used to track me here also tracked your position."

I shoot a look at Ben, and he shrugs in response. "Hey, I'm not the genius here... she is. She made the system."

"Well, Marie, what do we do now, huh? You invaded my mind, stole my memories, and tried to change me into a different person. You must really have wanted me pissed off."

She slowly leans forward in the chair. "Not so. I never asked Benjamin to do anything like that. In fact, he betrayed my confidence, something he's never done in the millions of years I've known him."

"Hey, I'm standing here too." Ben waves at her. "For your information, I didn't trust Jason one bit. You're too naive, Miss Becker. You don't know people like I do. Isn't that why you brought me on? In the end, he killed me and made a clone of me, so I was right."

Marie's expression goes rigid. "You brought that fate on yourself, Benjamin. You instigated him and failed in the end. You've already received your punishment. I killed your angelic counterpart when I found out about your colossal mistake, and I'd kill you right now if I thought Jason wouldn't mind."

Ben quiets down. "You... killed me? But, we're partners. I thought you... to me-"

She curls her lip in disgust. "I valued you for your loyalty and skills. If you warmed the bed up a few times, that was just a bonus. I don't want to talk with you for even another second, so keep your mouth shut."

Ben follows her orders timidly and bows his head. I feel sadness spilling from his body in waves, since he can't believe she'd kill him so easily.

But for me, it's obvious. Marie and I are similar to one another, in that we view other people as tools. I don't trust her, and she doesn't trust me.

"Marie, let's get back on topic. You've had hours to look at my memories, so I'm giving you one chance to explain yourself. If you're going to know everything about me, I deserve to know everything about you. It's that simple."

She raises her eyebrows. "I don't think so. The secrets that I hold are integral to protecting the universe itself. You can never know them."

"Sure I can. Just tell me about the other Maries."

Her half-smile fades instantly. "Where did you hear about them?"

"The Memory Molder. You had a few memories unlocked."

She relaxes a little. "Ah, so you don't know anything after all. It's impossible for you to have recovered information about my hidden memories. I spent several millennia perfecting the machine before ever allowing Jason 12F to use it."

I take a step toward my desk. "You do have something you're hiding! Tell me! This is the only way to repair our relations!"

She shakes her head. "Not a chance. Jason, some things are bigger than the both of us."

"Well, you're so righteous and full of goodness. Why don't you explain those things to me?"

She looks irritated. "I see it in your eyes. You want to force me to tell you, but you can't manipulate free will. Wordsmithing has at least that one limitation."

"I could kill you and make a clone. The clone would tell me everything."

Ben nods to my side. "Accurate."

Marie ignores him. "You know, Jason, I've done a lot of dirty deeds in my life. When your predecessor and I rose to power, we did everything in our power to take control, but he was never essential to my plans. He was merely a convenience."

"Where are you going with this?"

She purses her lips. "You're a danger to everything. Jason 12F and I spent so much time creating this society, and you threaten to throw everything into chaos. I can't have that."

With a flurry of movement, her finger moves to the side. A tingling fills my body, but otherwise, nothing happens. Marie smiles at me and breathes a sigh of relief. "I had to neutralize you. With you out of the equation, I can-"

Marie pauses to stare at me in shock. "You're not collapsing? I activated the anti-energy... I know I did!"

I nod sagely. "Yes, you did. However, before I came in this room, I expelled all the energy from my body. Anti-energy has no effect on beings without magical powers, like ordinary humans."

I reach behind myself and pull out a blaster pistol, then aim it at her chest. "I'd like to say that this is my win, but we both know that's not really you sitting in that chair."

Ben turns to me in confusion. "What? That's not Miss Becker?"

"No. That's an android, designed to look exactly like her. That's why Samuel said she wasn't inside."

Marie waves her finger at me chidingly. "You were correct, until that last part. I'm not an android, but a hologram. I'm nowhere near you right now."

Oh. Well, at least I was on the right track. I fire a shot of energy at her, and it passes through her chest, blowing the back side of the chair off cleanly. "Clever girl. You were a coward, as I expected. What, afraid this demigod would tear you to pieces?"

"No. I was worried you would clone me and gain access to my memories, as you did to Benjamin. I now know where the other Jason is, as well as your cryopod, and many other details of your life since arriving here. I have a slight edge over you, but it's all for naught, in the end."

There's a long pause as she looks past us to stare at the wall, all while playing with her hair. "I'm going to leave for a while. Don't bother trying to find me... you will fail. I'm going to find some friends who can take restrain your savagery, and when I come back, you won't have a prayer of winning."

"You will try."

She ignores my comeback. "I can only hope that while I am gone, you don't have the time to destroy this society. Perhaps by the time I return, you will have understood my intentions, and we can work together without bloodshed. However, if I return and this human civilization is even marginally worse off than when I left, you will feel my wrath."

"What, you don't have faith in me? I'll tell you what, Marie. Bring whoever you want. While you're gone, I'll improve life for everyone. When you bring back these killers, I'll take all of them down, effortlessly. You do your worst, and I'll do my best."

Marie nods. "So be it." She pivots to face Ben. "I know you don't really have a say in fighting Jason, and you can't help being a traitor anymore, but I still irrationally hate you for turning coat. When I return, you will suffer as well."

Ben curls his lip up in revulsion. "I can't believe I ever liked you."

Marie doesn't reply. A moment later, she taps an unseen button, and her hologram vanishes. The two of us stare at her missing visage and sigh. What happens now?

...............................................................

Ah, well, at least _that_ unpleasant business is over.

I turn my head to look at the ship display before me. The secret outpost I built just inside Jupiter's rings over thirty million years ago is still undiscovered. The cloaking technology has needed a buff here and there, but otherwise, the station is in excellent condition.

The computer speaks to me. "Marie Becker, I have sent the instructions to your co-engineer, as requested. He was annoyed with the fact you were taking a vacation so suddenly, but I believe he will do an excellent job in your absence."

"Of course. I wouldn't name some idiot as my number two." I groan to myself as the ship's sensors point at something unseen, hidden in the planet's rings. Human eyes and most sensor systems can't detect the station at all, but of course it becomes a lot easier to find if you know what you're looking for.

This station is my only way of sending and receiving visitors from other universes. I did not build it, and I am not allowed to understand how it works. Alpha Marie, the very first of my sisters, was the one to create it. She is older than all of us combined, and is the one who created the communication system we all use. I could only pray I someday understand how it all works, but even if I did, she would wipe my memory. Sources are not allowed to know the minutia of the multiverse.

A few minutes pass, and I dock inside the station, allowing its stealth mode to reactivate once more. All at once, advanced robots step out of the walls to greet me and lead me to the main communications room. Honestly, I've forgotten the layout of the place since it's been so long. Aside from yesterday when I contacted the other Maries to tell them about this new Jason, it must have been a few million years since I last made contact. We aren't best friends or anything like that.

I arrive in the conference room and take a seat at the table. It only takes a minute or so before holograms of a dozen other Maries pop up in the chairs around the table. "Marie 12F, why are you here?"

I can't help but feel slightly nervous. Some of these Maries on the council are older than me and have lived through much more turbulent wars than I could even imagine. After all, I put an end to war itself in my universe.

"You might recall that I contacted you about a new Source Jason? The third one."

The Marie who just spoke blinks heavily. "Yes. What about him?"

"He is taking control of the human empire I established. I require assistance to stop him."

She balks at my request. "You're a Marie! Jasons and Maries cannot logically compete on a brain power level! Just destroy him and be done with it!"

"That's a simple thing to say, but this Jason is different. He's more cunning than I had thought. He didn't kill Jason 12F, as I initially reported, but instead incapacitated him and put him in the care of Yama."

The other Maries sitting at the table, who had been scarcely paying attention, all perk up at the mention of that foul demon. "Yama? You do mean the Shadow, correct? Isn't he the Second Emperor in your stream?"

I can't help but grimace. "Yes. Of course, we all know he's seismically more powerful than the current First Emperor, which is why I hesitate to even attempt a rescue mission of Jason 12F."

The other Maries quickly grow bored again, leaving me to only speak with the first one. "You know our policy. Travelers never interfere with Source universes. That cannot be broken."

"I'm aware. At the least, I'd like if I could have amnesty while I seek out a method to stop this Jason."

"I'd like a lot of things, but I don't break the rules to get what I want." The other Marie rolls her eyes at me. "Oh well, I suppose if you need to hide for a while, we can allow it, but your actions will be very restricted. You are not to inquire about anything in the Primary Stream. It might destroy the multiverse if you did."

"You don't have to tell me twice." I smile politely. "Seriously, though. I need help."

"You're the one who thought a universe without war was possible. If you can manage such a crazy feat for as long as you have, I believe you will trounce this Jason."

Heh, she's not wrong. Creating a stable, peaceful universe was the hardest thing I've ever done. This new Jason will soon find out just how difficult it is to maintain peace without me there.