Part 432c - Dead Space

"Why are we going to Earth anyway?" Samantha leans against the wall in the lounge, standing on her hands and stretching her legs up to touch her toes to the wall, before gently kicking away from it and walking around on her palms. "It's a dead planet. There's nothing to see."

Cassiel watches Samantha with only the slightest interest in her daily exercising, while she lightly tosses a red ball from one hand to the other. "Well, Hero was frozen for all those years. Maybe he just wants to find out what it's like after all this time? I'm a little curious myself."

I ignore the fact they're talking about me like I'm not even here, and take another slurp of my beef wonton soup. It reminds me of a time before the labyrinth and hell became a part of my life, and it feels somewhat comforting. "I just have an odd hunch. I think I'm supposed to meet someone there."

Samantha raises one arm out and away from her body, then gently lifts herself into the air on a single finger before spreading her legs wide open. It's a feat of incredible contortion that I can only assume is possible due to her demonic power. "How? Earth is inhospitable to life, now. It doesn't have an atmosphere anymore. No air to breathe, no water, nothing."

"Wow. What happened to ruin the planet?" Cassiel, always the curious one, blurts the question out. Her eyes raise up to the metal ceiling in thought, and she spins around in her chair slowly. "Boiling away the entire atmosphere is crazy."

Apparently hearing her question, the door slides open and OMEN walks in the room. We've been traveling for three weeks on this ship, and I'm still not used to the way he pops up at random times. I suspect he has full access to the ship's internal communications, but it's been more of a help than a hindrance.

"Response: Data regarding Earth's demise is classified at the highest levels. Only the leader of the United Earth Federation may access this information. It is encrypted with a four-layered deadman's switch, an incorrect response to which will cause the data's self-destruction, along with all other information aboard this vessel. Query: Would you like to attempt to access this information?"

Cassiel stares at the robot for all of two seconds. "No. That would be dumb to even try."

Samantha launches herself into the air with her single finger, landing perfectly on both feet like a world-class gymnast. "Nobody knows. It's just one of those things missing from our memories."

I shift uncomfortably in my seat. "What do you mean? That's a little strange. Why wouldn't anyone remember the destruction of a goddamn planet? That seems like something you'd never be able to forget, not even in a hundred million years."

A shrug. Samantha walks over and plops in my lap, then lays back on me. "It's just one of those things, love. All information regarding Earth's destruction vanished. Well, the planet is still there, technically. It's just a hunk of dead rock now. We just don't know how the Volgrim destroyed it."

"Awful convenient, if you ask me." Cassiel stops spinning around in her chair, and I can almost see the lightbulb appear over her head. "I'll bet the Volgrim hid the evidence! Mass brainwashing! My mother and father said they were a highly advanced species."

"Maaaybe." Samantha is unconvinced. "I spent thousands of years looking into it before losing interest. I'm unconvinced the Volgrim had the tech to pull something off like that, nor why they'd want to hide it."

Since I don't have any opinion about something I wasn't there to witness, I keep quiet and wrap my arms around Samantha, contemplating all this Volgrim and memory wiping nonsense. If these aliens have firm control over the Labyrinth, and the demons control the humans above them, then I guess if the Volgrim had memory wiping machines they could mass brainwash everyone, or at least everyone who knew, but it does seem like a lot of work. Especially given they already won the war, or whatever.

OMEN chirps in again, always willing to interrupt conversations as he pleases. "Notification: We are within three lightyears of the Terran system. We will be arriving in fifteen minutes. Do you wish to keep the ship in autopilot mode until we arrive?"

Cassiel immediately leaps from her chair and smiles a big grin. "Finally! I'll take over once we arrive. Stop us just outside Neptune's orbit." We'll approach the inner solar system at Warp 1.4 and maintain alert status."

Samantha pulls away from me and walks over to the door. "I still think this is pointless, but I admit I'm curious. I haven't seen Earth in, well, millions of years. The Labyrinth has been quite boring."

All three of us exit and start walking down the sterile hallways and up toward the bridge. "I miss the feeling of grass, and the smell of fresh air," Cassiel says, "but mostly I miss seeing ducks and cats and dogs. I haven't seen animals in, well, an eternity."

_Why did she list ducks first?_ My brain asks a dumb question, but I ignore it. "If you want, I can create some animals, you know. I did so on that Volgarius planet. Heck, if Earth is dead, I can remake it again. Easy peasy."

Her embarrassed smile lights up my day. "Really?! You'd do that for me?"

"Yup. Actually, I just want to, period. Humanity needs a home, so why not remake life on our original planet? We can't let these 'Volgrim' run our lives forever."

Samantha seems visibly uncomfortable as we step onto the bridge. "Resisting the Volgrim is a losing endeavor, in my opinion. Their weapons can tear apart demons easily because they target magical energy. Hell, even the robots on this ship could have done the same... until Cassiel blasted them to kingdom come."

"Sorry." Cassiel winces, and all three of us take up our seating positions. "It was an accident."

"I know. It's not your fault. Still, those machines were quite powerful. I was uncomfortable having them so close. They made me... uneasy."

The two of them continue back and forth for several minutes, Cassiel teasing Samantha about her dislike of robots, while Samantha jabs back with 'tin-can lover" and some other silly things, until OMEN interrupts them. "Notification: We will be arriving in Terran space within thirty seconds."

The jovial atmosphere turns tense. A feeling of suspense fills the air as the timer ticks down.

Terran space. Earth. The Solar System. Whatever one wants to call it, it was a home to all three of us at one point. The fact I'm arriving in such a distant future means I'm going to see something unthinkable to humans from my time. Even Cassiel, who died before Earth's destruction, has no idea what we're going to find.

"A pet duck would be neat," Cassiel mumbles under her breath. What a weird thing to say now, of all times.

OMEN's lifeless face stays rigid as the timer counts down. "Notification: Arriving in Terran space in five, four, three, two, one..."

The ship exits hyperspace dramatically, going from Warp Seven to a standstill so quickly that I half expect to fly out of my seat and face-plant against the wall, but the inertia dampeners keep that from happening.

The viewscreen changes to show space around us. Nothing is out of the ordinary, or very interesting, for that matter. Way in the distance, a tiny luminous speck signals the Sun, in all of its glory. From this far away, it hardly looks like the ball of gas that I remember.

"The sun is tiny." Cassiel echoes my thoughts, "I've never seen it from this distance before. My mother and father always promised to take me on a trip to Mars, but I never had the time to leave."

Samantha flops back heavily in her chair. "Well, let's move closer."

"Sure." Cassiel taps a few buttons and activates the thrusters once again, this time moving us to just over Warp 1. "Normally it would take several hours to reach Earth at lightspeed, but we'll get there in ten minutes or so at this speed. Wanna stop and look at planets along the way? Jupiter is on the opposite side of the system, but, erm, Uranus is fairly close."

A stupid smile crosses my face. "I'll bet it is."

Samantha _snrks_ to herself. "You couldn't help yourself, could you?"

"I'm just a guy."

The ship cruises forward, and within a minute, we slow to a stop as the giant blue planet appears in front of us. I feel my hands tremble slightly at the sight. Emotion fills me that is difficult to put into words. _I'm looking at a planet that nobody from my time had ever seen before, not with this level of detail. Scientists would have killed for a chance to be this close, and I'm here now._

It's an awe-inspiring feeling. In the end, humanity was all but wiped out, yet I still live on, trying to put the pieces back together.

Cassiel stares silently for several long moments at the shimmering gasses swirling on the planet below. The ship's sensors enhance our viewing ability since otherwise the planet's features aren't illuminated enough by the distant sun to be distinguishable to the human eye. "It's pretty."

Even Samantha eyes it with interest. "I've been alive for tens of millions of years, and I've never seen this world before. It's a beautiful view."

After a few minutes, Cassiel turns back to her controls. "Let's keep moving. Mars is next, then Earth."

"What about Saturn?" I look at her quizzically, and she shrugs.

"It's a little out of the way. We can look later, unless you wanna make a detour now?"

"No, that's alright. Let's keep going." These planets are interesting, but the thought of seeing Earth again makes me feel unbelievably anxious. _There's something waiting for me,_ my mind whispers. I don't know what it is, but Earth has a piece of the puzzle. I have to find out whatever it is.

The ship accelerates, and Cassiel leaves Neptune behind us. All the while, my heartbeat quickens. _The nightmares lately won't stop. Nothing makes them go away, not even my wordsmithing. It's as if there's something inside me linking to knowledge of another time, another life. I know things I shouldn't. I knew what OMEN was before I spoke to him. I knew how to respond. These nightmares aren't just paranoia in the back of my mind. They must be a warning of some kind. But why are they always about the girls dying?_

I have so many questions. I've done this before, but _differently_. It's the same, yet not.

My internal questions are cut off as OMEN once again pipes up. "Yellow level alert: I am detecting spacecraft on the long-range scanners. The transmission signals intercepted are Volgrim in origin, with a 98% confidence level."

Cassiel's breath catches as she taps a button with lightning speed. The ship immediately slows down, and she quickly presses several more buttons. "I'm running a detailed scan."

Samantha and I shoot a look of alarm at each other before Cassiel delivers the verdict. "Careless. I should have checked sooner. I just scanned Mars... it has a massive network of cities built on its surface. The Volgrim live there now." For the first time I've seen, a look of disgust and rage is evident on her face. "I can't believe it. Bastards. They killed us, then took over our home?!"

Visibly shaken, Samantha looks at me again. "We should leave. We don't stand a chance against an armada of Volgrim warships."

Cassiel's rage falters and is replaced by a pale expression of fear. "There are thousands of them. Why didn't we detect them sooner? They-"

She's interrupted by the bridge's AI. "Incoming hail. Response?"

"Devil-damned." Samantha jerks in her seat. "They saw us. We can still flee."

I, for one, feel more annoyed than anything. "No. Let's hear what these aliens have to say. Maybe I can finally get some answers."

Cassiel nods reluctantly and taps another button. The main viewscreen shifts a moment later to reveal what my initial instincts tell me is a human. A man, young looking, with a blank expression on his face, stares at us for a few seconds, his eyes sweeping from Cassiel, to me, to Samantha. His white uniform is decidedly military, with a single star visible on the lapel. His black hair is cleanly slicked back, and he looks otherwise bored by our vessel. It's only when he opens his mouth to speak that I'm jarred by the realization that he's not human at all.

"Unknown vessel, what is your identifier? We are not expecting any new arrivals to this system for several cycles." His mouth is filled with shark-like teeth, and his words are translated by our ship's communicator a second after he speaks in his language. It's a little jarring, but I'm able to get used to it within moments. He glances away at something offscreen before looking back, this time with a puzzled expression. "Your ship design does not conform to any known specifications. Additionally..." He pauses again, and this time reaches up to his ear, as if listening to a hidden piece for instructions. "...I have detected only three life signs aboard your vessel. Who are you?"

I can see him putting the pieces together rapidly. _Go big or go home_, my mind says to me.

"I am Jason Hiro, commander of this vessel. I've come to investigate the Terran system and to, uh, see what's up."

Cassiel groans audibly and smacks her forehead. I suddenly realize how stupid I just sounded.

The Volgrim male onscreen's eyes widen, having probably noticed my teeth don't look anything like his. "A human? It can't be." His voice fills with urgency. "You will surrender your vessel to our authorities at once. Any attempt to flee or any hostile actions will be met with deadly force. You will be apprehended, as per the Human Limitation Act."

Samantha quickly turns to look at me, fear in her eyes. _Not good!_

I don't know what to do. I didn't expect the Volgrim to be here, though in hindsight it should have been obvious. Several options cross my mind. _I could destroy their fleet with wordsmithing. I could fabricate the Trifrancium needed to allow us to escape at Warp 10, and Cassiel can give me enough energy to create a large enough quantity that the fleet couldn't possibly catch up to us. Hell, I could even teleport this ship back to Volgarius. I already wordsmithed a relay there, just in case._

Perhaps seeing the indecision on my face, Samantha decides to try something. She turns back to the video. "Don't. If you attack us, we will annihilate you. We have a Sentinel under our control."

The look of confidence on the Volgrim's face tightens. "Unlikely. The Sentinels have long since been eradicated. If you attempt to resist, we will annihilate you. Humans and angels are not afforded any protections under the guidelines established during the First Era."

Samantha doesn't respond. Instead, she looks at Cassiel and nods. Cassiel, apparently hearing some telepathic communication or via weird girl-voodoo I can't understand, knows exactly what Samantha wants. She taps a few buttons, and the screen shifts again, this time showing the Volgrim on the left side of the screen, and an image of Ionis in the cargo bay, standing stiffly at attention, his lone eye staring forward emotionlessly.

"I'm not kidding," Samantha says, "if you attack, we'll activate it."

Instantly, the young Volgrim's smug aura vanishes. His face whitens, though he tries his best to hide it. "Y-you're bluffing. That isn't poss-"

The feed cuts off, and his face is replaced by a different one. This time, the Volgrim in question looks substantially older. Her face is rigid, and her jawline is set, as if she's trying to look tough, but uncertain how we perceive her. "Belial, second Emperor of the Demons. It's been a while."

Cassiel taps a button and a small part of the screen changes, showing several dots converging on our location. She doesn't say anything, but I understand what she's implying. _Time is running out._

Samantha, apparently feeling less anxious, smiles at the woman onscreen. "Elder Kryios. Why would one of the highest ranked leaders of Volgrim-kind be here, of all places?"

The Volgrim doesn't flinch. "I'm asking the questions. Why do you have a Sentinel in your possession? That should be impossible."

" _Should_ be?" Samantha leans forward and puts on her best innocent fake smile. "You know, that statement doesn't sound very confident. Shall we activate him? Ionis is _very good_ at following orders. He doesn't like Volgrim either, from what he's told us."

A bald-faced lie. The thing hasn't said a single word to us since it arrived, and I've poked and prodded it a few times, as has Cassiel. It just stands in the cargo hold, staring ahead, silently. I doubt it would save us if we begged it to with all our hearts.

Elder Kryios, however, is now visibly unnerved. "They- they didn't say you would have a Sentinel. Ludicrous. Why have you come here?"

"We just wanted to look around. You're not going to stop us from having a peek, are you? Can't some old friends check out the sights once in a while?"

My arm-console silently blinks a warning. The ships are closing in. Less than a minute away, by the looks of it.

The aged Volgrim gnashes her teeth. "This is a restricted zone. Nobody, and certainly not a human, is allowed to enter this system. I should kill you for daring to trespass."

Samantha leans back in her chair and crosses her legs. "Okay, that's fine. I'm sure you can blow this ship up and possibly kill the three of us, but do you have anything that can defeat a Sentinel? Even the slightest glimmer of hope?"

Kryios looks away for a moment at something offscreen, before turning back. "This will have repercussions. We were considering the three of you a rogue element, but now you are enemies of the collective. You would be wise to surrender."

Samantha widens her eyes in mock surprise. "So you _do_ have a way to destroy a Sentinel! That explains your confidence!"

"No." Kryios taps a button on her side. "We do not. Nobody does. Bringing one of those horrors with you... you must have a death wish."

The dots approaching our ship slow to a stop, and then begin reversing course. "The Council doesn't have time to deal with your petty foolishness. Have a look around, then. It doesn't matter. Once I get the backup needed, you will not leave alive with anything you've learned."

The feed cuts off, and seconds later, Samantha's smile vanishes. "Devil's sake." Her hands start shaking, and she turns to me. "We're in a hell of a lot of trouble, Hero."

"That was very brave of you, Sammy." Cassiel smiles weakly at the succubus, but it feels half-hearted. The dots continue to leave, and soon they're completely offscreen. "I can't believe that worked."

"It hardly matters. Weren't you listening? The Council must have been observing our movements. I think they knew we were coming." Samantha climbs out of her chair and walks over to plop down next to me. "I hate the Volgrim. They think only according to efficiency and how to maximize output. Everything is just a tool for them to use. They even designed the systems for keeping humans contained."

Cassiel taps on her console again and accelerates our ship toward Earth. Then she walks over and sits next to me on my other side. "What is the Council? That creepy Kreedos lady mentioned them like they were important."

" _Kryios._ " Samantha corrects Cassiel, "I'm not very familiar with the Volgrim hierarchy, especially since I mostly ignore political goings-on. Still, I remember the early days following the conclusion of the Energy Wars. Elder Kryios was one of the remaining upper-ranked Volgrim, pending the destruction of the Founders. She and many others, a few hundred as I recall, decided to try a new system of governance. I believe she wields much influence now, though I can't say for certain."

I nod along at her explanation, but political stuff bores me almost as much as it does her. "She sounds like a nasty alien. Well, they all do. I'll have to be a lot more careful."

"No kidding." Cassiel chuckles wryly, "Anyway, what's done is done. If they attack us, we'll fight back. And it seems Sammy hit a nerve! They're terrified of Ionis."

Samantha doesn't return the enthusiasm. "We all should be. I would have been delighted to learn all the Sentinels were disassembled. They probably have to convene an emergency meeting to deal with the threat we just showed them. We're far from out of the woods."

Both girls sigh and lean against me, almost in unison. I pull them both in close and feel the tension melt away. They mean everything to me right now. I can't be so careless when their lives are at stake, not like what I just did. I have to be more cautious.

I took a risk, challenging the Volgrim. It wasn't even me who saved the day, but Samantha. Her knowledge of the world is the only thing that prevented us from being blown out of the sky. Well, that, but I also could have teleported us any time I wanted. Come to think of it; maybe the risk wasn't as bad as I thought.

The three of us wait silently, deep in thought, as the minutes tick by. Soon, the bridge AI speaks.

"Destination approaching. Dropping out of warp space in three... two... one..."

Once again, the stars melt away and the ship comes to a halt, and this time all three of us stare in stunned silence.

It's Earth. But not the one I know.

The entire planet is encased in colossal sheets of glacial ice. The greens and blues and whites and yellows and orange hues that I remember from photographs of my planet, taken by NASA, are nowhere to be seen. The entire thing is a hunk of frost, floating in the void.

Cassiel takes several seconds before she can pull her jaw up and stop gaping at the sight. Hesitantly, she walks over to her navigation chair and inputs a command. "I'm... I'm running a scan."

Samantha and I continue holding each other's hand while we wait for the verdict. Cassiel's tone is nearly as icy as the dead sphere before us. "The atmosphere is almost entirely gone. The planet has ice made of methane and hydrogen wrapping around every inch of it. I can't detect any life at all, though I guess we expected-" She pauses suddenly, before shooting Samantha a quizzical look of disbelief. "Sammy, where the fuck is the Moon?"

It's the first time I've heard her curse. Her sudden outburst makes me curious too. "Computer, where is the Moon?"

The droll male voice in the ceiling sounds bored by my question. "Unknown."

Cassiel shakes her head slowly before returning to looking at her display readout. "Well, if the Moon isn't here, that explains all the weird stuff that's going on."

"Weird stuff?" Samantha offers a gentle verbal nudge. "Like what?"

The angelic girl scratches her head as she examines the readouts. "Well, the planet is rotating at a ridiculous speed. It's about eight hours for an Earth 'day' now, not twenty-four. The orbit is a significant deviation from what it should be, and Earth is spinning completely on its side. The North Pole is facing the Sun directly, and the South Pole is opposite. Also, for some reason, the Earth doesn't have a magnetic field surrounding it anymore. If that's the case..."

"...the molten core is no longer molten?" I finish her sentence for her, and she nods.

"Probably. What did those alien bastards do? They ruined it completely. The damage is irreparable!"

Samantha shakes her head and sighs, pulling away from me. "It wasn't like this in the distant past, when I last saw it. The entire planet was a lava-covered hellscape. The last time I saw it, thousands of years later, it had cooled into an ugly brown rock, though I don't know what happened after that. I'm not a geologist, after all, I'm just a woman with simple tastes."

Cassiel looks at Samantha curiously. "How did you get to see Earth anyway? From space, I mean."

"It was part of the war conclusion pact. The Volgrim didn't like or trust humans, but there was a mutual understanding between them and us. I just asked if I could see Earth, and as the Second Emperor, they agreed."

"Mutual understanding?" Cassiel echoes the words, "So, you had something to do with Earth's destruction? Not you, but, like, you know... demons in general?"

"I don't know, Cass." Samantha tosses her hands into the air. "I can't remember anything regarding Earth's destruction. However, I wouldn't be surprised if demons did. Perhaps Satan was involved... though I cannot say for sure."

Cassiel nods glumly, "I understand."

The mood is dark, but I decide to take the initiative. I jump to my feet and pull up my sleeves. "Well, I believe the planet is salvageable. It's still home, and I'm going to fix it!"

My cute angel smiles, a bright grin that warms my heart. "You did it for Volgarius! You can do it here too!"

Samantha, however, seems more reserved. "Is it just me, or does the planet have an empty feeling to it? I can't sense anything coming from it, nothing at all."

"I mean, it's a dead rock, so that makes sense." Cassiel's smile turns sardonic as she observes Samantha's expression. "You're not going to sense much from an icy ball floating in the emptiness of space."

"It's more than that," Samantha says, "it's a total void when I reach out to sense it. I didn't get the same feeling from Uranus, and especially not from Mars when we passed it. It's like there's a hole in space itself."

Once again, I start feeling nervous. _A hole in space? That sounds so ridiculous; it stretches the limits of credibility. Yet, at the same time..._

Cassiel's smile vanishes. "Well, when you put it like that, I guess it does feel emptier than the space around it. In fact, the more I think about it, the more that makes sense."

I decide to test something out for myself. " **Detect!** "

Aiming my mind at Earth, I project my wordsmithing at it. What follows next is a flash of pain, impacting me right in the face, as if a giant man with a hammer had just struck me with all his might!

I blink the stars away and feel an awful dizziness, only to realize Samantha and Cassiel are standing over me, terror across their faces. When she sees my eyes open, Cassiel immediately lets out a breath. "Are you okay?"

My head hurts like hell. My face physically aches, as if I broke my cheekbone. "Not really... what happened?"

Samantha's eyes have a sense of urgency to them. "You wordsmithed, and then immediately screamed as if you had been stabbed in the heart, clutched your face, and fell to the ground. You've been out for five minutes!"

I still feel dazed. "Five minutes? Wh-what? It hurt like hell, but it didn't seem that long."

The sound of footsteps approach. To our side, OMEN steps out. I turn to look at his typical expression of total disinterest. "Notation: Supreme Commander Hiro was detected by the ship as having a full mental synapse shutdown for three minutes, thirty-seven seconds. The likelihood that he was able to come back without the aid of a medical droid is unlikely at best."

After a few minutes of the girls babying me, I pull myself to my feet and slump back in my chair. My body hurts like I just ran a 50-mile triathlon in ten minutes. I can barely remember the last time I felt so weak.

Cassiel glares at me. "Stupid! You should have let me run more scans first! Don't be so reckless, Hero!"

"Please... don't yell..." I mumble the words and clutch my head, but the earsplitting pain is taking its sweet time fading away.

Her hardened expression softens, and she walks back over to her seat. "Okay. I think I know what happened. Earth doesn't have a magnetic field, but it does have something else. A ridiculously powerful inverse polaric-energy field."

Her big words just make my head hurt more, and a quick glance at Samantha tells me she doesn't have any idea what that means either. "In English?"

Cassiel sticks a finger in her mouth and chews on a nail gently. "Well, it means the earth is surrounded by anti-energy. It's more energetic than anything I've ever sensed before. This energy can not only absorb magical energy directed at it, but it can also reflect it. You're lucky you didn't die... for reals."

Samantha reaches over her hand and puts it on mine. "Actually, love, it wasn't luck. Cass saved your life. She's so modest, sometimes."

Her comment is met with a look of embarrassment from Cassiel. "I just tried to use my energy to heal him. It didn't even do anything. He woke up on his own."

Her cute blushing eases my pain a little bit. "No, Cass, you helped me out. You always do."

The three of us smile at each other and share in our relief, until a moment later I jump out of my skin as a terrifying robotic voice speaks into the room, one that wasn't there before.

_I HAVE LOCATED ORGANICS ON THE PLANET BELOW. NONE OF THEM BELONG TO THE FOUNDERS. TAKE ME TO THE FOUNDERS._

The terrifyingly loud voice booms in my head, seeming to come from all directions at once, and yet nowhere at all.

The figure steps forward, his lone red eye sweeping across all of us at once, settling his gaze on me.

_YOU WILL TAKE ME TO THE FOUNDERS AT ONCE._

Samantha turns from me to the robot standing in the middle of the room. "Oh, fuck me."