Part 482c: Paralysis

My eyes close, but I can't sleep. I don't need to, anymore, but I remember a time when I once did. At some point, the spiritual energy in my body started giving me so much vitality that sleep became impossible. Still, I close my eyes for a short time and remember my past. All the struggles, trials, and tribulations. All the friends I've lost, and the enemies I've killed. They don't matter. None of it matters. If I want to see someone, I can just find a stream where they still exist. Will they be the same person I once knew?

Of course not. The difference between me from an hour ago and me right now might as well be the same as each iteration of my clones. My former self ceases to exist, and a new one takes his place, minute after minute, second after second, constantly replacing the old one.

So, in the end, maybe I haven't lost anyone at all. They still exist, just in different forms. The problem is that I can't look at them the same, treat them the same, or pretend to myself that they aren't different from how I remember. That's probably just because of my human psyche.

"Jason Alpha." Marie's voice to my left pulls me from my thoughts. I blink and turn my head slightly to look at her. She's one of the couriers, so not high up on the totem pole, but still highly intelligent. There isn't a 'stupid' Marie anywhere in here.

"Yep. Is it already that time?"

"Correct. Marie Alpha is ready to see you." Her eye flicks to my right as she evaluates Sparky. "Is that Jason coming along? I don't have him on the appointment roster."

I glance over at him, following her gaze, and shake my head. He's deep asleep, probably exhausted from his encounter with the Kolvaxians and all the chaos over the last twenty-four hours, from his perspective, of course.

"No. It's just me. He's a variant, one the Psyops division is going to evaluate." I stand up and turn to face her. "Lead the way."

Without replying, the courier Marie turns on a dime and starts marching to the double-doors across the room, opposite where we were sitting on the benches. Several Maries from the R&D division are in the halls today, maybe they've got a day off or something. I don't understand how each Marie can be so similar to one another, especially considering my clones go to such great lengths to differentiate themselves from each other, and me. Perhaps she's more of a collectivist, while I'm an individualist. Either way, she's still smarter than me, so maybe she knows something I don't. She's an awful lot like Satan, in that way.

I follow along, and soon the hallway becomes a blur as the inner sanctum flies by. The atmosphere is much tenser in here, and far fewer Maries roam the halls. Of all the sections, the Temporal Alignment Division is the highest classification level. Even Maries in the same room aren't allowed to share information with each other regarding each timeline. Marie Alpha says this is because even she can make mistakes, but I'm not sure about that.

Finally, we arrive at an ornate wooden door. The courier stops in front of it. "I've brought your visitor." Her voice transmits through a microphone into the room past the door, and after a few moments, a gruff voice responds.

"Yes, yes. Let him in already."

The courier steps in front of the keypad, blocks it from my view, and types a 45 digit password on the console. Even I'm not allowed to know keys unless necessary. It's fine; I'm the muscle, not the brains. I leave the heavy thinking to Marie.

The wooden door silently slides open and the courier nods. Without saying goodbye, she turns and leaves from the way she came. _Here goes,_ I think to myself. _Talking to Marie Alpha is always a pain, but an immortal demigod's gotta do what he's gotta do._

The room, as always, smells of dirt and plants. Vines hang from the ceiling, and the lighting in the room is dull compared to the harsh neon lights from outside. A gut-wrenching cough sounds off from Marie Alpha as I enter, making me flinch even though I can't see her behind her monitors. "Kah! Took you long enough. You've wasted fourteen minutes and thirty-four seconds getting here!"

"Sorry, Marie." I apologize, as always, and the door closes behind me. One of her lizards hisses from its aquarium-like container, and I stick my tongue out at it. She loves them, to be sure. The room has several dozen of the little buggers in glass containers all embedded in the walls, along with snakes, and an automated system for breeding bugs and dropping them inside. Their habitats have sticks, tiny trees, and all sorts of odd plants she's collected from various planets. The multiverse is ripe with life, but most of it is plantlike, not sentient.

I hear that familiar humming sound as her hoverchair hums to life, levitates, and she floats around her desk to face me. Like always, her body is unable to move, but she never accepts anyone's help with repairing it. I could heal a broken neck easily enough, and even the medical division could work miracles. For her, though, it's a reminder of the time she underestimated a Wordsmith. Her long grey hair and sagging skin show not only how old she is, but how she once lived in a stream before nanobots existed that could keep a person looking young and beautiful forever. Her looks are easily fixable with Wordsmithing, but that pride of hers...

Her head leans to the left slightly, but she quickly jerks her chair by tapping a button to re-orient her head. She's good at catching herself. "You're looking worse for wear." Her eyes jerk to my right shoulder. "There's dirt on your jacket."

"You look like shit too. Still can't beat me at ping-pong." Most people wouldn't give her any crap about her disability, but in my opinion, she chose to stay in a hoverchair, so it's fair game. Besides, even the other Maries walk on eggshells around her. If I don't poke some fun, who will? "I was busy fighting Kolvaxians. It takes more effort than most other things I do."

She smiles slightly, but it almost instantly fades as a look of concern replaces it. "Kolvaxians? I thought you were going back to investigate that Jason variant you mentioned. Why did you detour to 10K?"

Oh boy. Here it comes. "I didn't. The Kolvaxians have infested a new universe. My Source universe, to be exact."

"I see. That's... unfortunate." Marie doesn't pause or flinch at my words, almost as though she couldn't care less. I know better. "How long ago did the infestation begin?"

"I haven't looked into it yet, since we only just found out. After I fought the Kolvaxians, I brought Helen, Harold, and the Jason I reported on straight here. From what little I gleaned from the Volgrim survivors, it's been in the range of several million years."

Finally, her blank facade cracks. "A few million- what?! Your Source universe has been infested for that long, and nobody noticed?!"

The guilt is written all over my face. "We had Helen there monitoring the situation, but since she wasn't in touch with the Volgrim at all, she didn't know that they were warring against the Kolvaxians. I doubt the Volgrim realized what they were up against. From what I've heard, the parasites went incognito for a long time, spread their influence across the galaxy, then began their assault on the Volgrim out of nowhere."

Marie squints, which is her way of nodding. "Any guesses about the infection rate?"

There's a marble in my throat. "I can't be certain, but it's probably worse than 10K's progress."

"Oh." Her tone is hollow. "And how did they get to the Source in the first place?"

A question I can answer. "That would be my fault."

"Come again?"

This is going to suck. "Uhm. You probably don't remember, but-"

"I remember everything." Marie says, as she glares at me.

"Right. Well, when I destroyed Volgarius, the one from my Source universe, I may have broken a few quantum mechanics."

A long pause follows as she digests the information.

"You slammed a meteor made of solid, ultra-dense iron into the planet. If I remember correctly, it was traveling at low-warp speeds. Is that correct?"

I nod. "Yeah. I believe it may have ripped a hole in space-time. If I'm correct, the Kolvaxians probably traversed the multiverse to arrive there."

Marie flinches visibly. "Fucking idiot. It's unlikely the rip would connect to 10K alone. It may have allowed them to arrive in other universes and streams stealthily. This blunder could be a catastrophe, unlike anything we've ever faced before. You always screw everything up."

"Uh, eh-heh..." I chuckle weakly at her stinging insults, but they're just words, after all. "I was still young, Marie. Accidents happen."

"Spilling wine on your suit is an accident. Don't deflect. You broke the multiverse, so you have to fix it." She gnaws her lip for a moment before slowly turning her chair so she can stare at her lizards. She's told me in the past that they help her think. "For once, I'm stumped. We have just enough resources to keep the multiverse maintained. We have barely enough personnel to fight the Kolvaxians in a single universe, let alone the entire goddamn multiverse. How are we supposed to combat them?"

"I could just make more clones?"

"If that option were on the table, we'd have done it already. You know what more wordsmiths mean just as well as I do. More leaks. A higher likelihood of slipups. A greater chance of causality errors. The problem is that wordsmiths and thoughtsmiths are the only beings that can fight the Kolvaxians on equal terms."

She's always so pessimistic. "I disagree. A coalition of forces, made up of humans, demons, angels and Volgrim could fight the Kolvaxians. You should pour more resources into diplomacy, ensuring everyone gets along with each other so they can all combat the Kolvaxians as a combined military force."

Marie coughs. "Kuh. You think it's that simple? Every single universe is embroiled in conflict. Not one has managed peace among all four sentients, and several have exterminated one or more of them. In your Source universe alone, the angels are nearly extinct. In the L-series, demons are hanging on by a thread."

"We don't need all four sentient species to exist across the multiverse. If the four sentients can combine their forces in as many universes as possible, we could use my clones to shore up weaknesses in the universes and streams lacking a species."

She pauses to consider my idea. "I guess that's conceivable. Still, making everyone get along will be damn near- wait." A pause. She turns around and hovers over to her desk, then slightly moves her finger to tap a button on her chair arm and activate her mental interface with the computer. A minute passes. "Ah. Here it is. I meant to talk to you about this particular stream anyway. Do you recall the last time we spoke?"

I nod. "It was only a year ago for me. Why?"

"I told you about one of the universes that we had designated a Source universe. The Jason of that universe was not one of your clones. The Marie stationed there mollified him, and together they embarked on quite the journey. She was, eventually, able to force peace between all four sentients."

"What? She was? How?" I'm fairly surprised. "I thought you said no universe has ever managed that before."

"Mmm. Well, I say 'unified,' but it's only in a technical sense. Angels and humans get along quite well, the Volgrim are mostly neutral, and the demons are pacified. It's not like they're singing and dancing, but there isn't any war. That's a good first step."

"Yeah." I stare at the old woman for a few moments, several thoughts swimming around in my mind. "So, it sounds like you want to model other systems after hers? That could take a while."

Marie taps a button on her chair, and a mechanical hand drops down from the ceiling holding a cigarette, already lit. With a practiced movement, she turns her chair slightly and allows the hand to slip the fogey in her mouth and retract, then she inhales and exhales, all within five seconds. "It will. However, I want you to go to that universe, personally. This universe, as I've said, is probably the second Source. You've heard my theories on Source universes, so you know what that means."

I can already hear the alarm bells in my head. "Another _Rewinder_."

"Most likely. However, you've mentioned the other Jason you found in your Source universe. That would make for three Sources, across two universes, but there's a problem. There's a fourth Source."

"You're fucking with me."

"No. I'm not." Another long inhale, and the cigarette lights up visibly. Of all the Maries, she's the only one who smokes these days, and she does it despite the fact she instituted the no-smoking rule. Selfish as ever, I suppose. "Recently, it has come to my attention that Marie 12F, the one in charge of the second Source universe, was forced to retreat to the Central Hub. She gave the Temporal Council a disturbing account of a new Jason who appeared from nowhere. He arrived in a Cryopod, and his personality was decidedly... unhinged. Thanks to 12F's ingenuity, we were able to acquire a record of his memories. He's killed already, brutally."

"Brutally," I say, repeating the word. "You make it sound like there's already a theory going around about him."

She squints at me. "We've designated him 'Jason X,' but I believe he may be Hope."

Confusion. Uncertainty. A few distinct sensations bubble up like acid under my skin. "I haven't told you about the Jason I found in my Source universe yet. I thought that perhaps _he_ was Hope. Now you're telling me this new one is, so what does that make the one I found?"

"I don't know. There are now potentially four Source Jasons, including yourself." The mechanical hand descends from the ceiling and pulls the cigarette from her mouth, just in time too, given it was about to burn her lip. She releases it at the last possible moment, and the arm drops the butt into a receptacle before retracting again. "You know as well as I do how dangerous Hope is."

_Hope is scary_. A funny sentence, under most circumstances. "Surely Satan is the more dangerous threat, or even the Kolvaxians. I can kill a mere wordsmith easily. Even if Jason X unlocks thoughtsmithing, I've killed Satan's clones hundreds of times. I think you've overestimating the danger he poses."

"Better to overestimate and preemptively nuke the motherfucker than let him snap my neck a second time." Marie spits the words at me, showing she still holds to the promise she made when we first met. _Until I find and kill Hope for what he did to me, I will never fully heal._ "A single wordsmith can likely collapse the entire multiverse. It's just luck Satan hasn't done so yet. That's one reason I consider Hope a greater threat than Satan. The First Emperor is an intelligent being, one who understands concepts like risk and reward. He values self-preservation. Hope, however, is unhinged. He's a lunatic. If he were to discover the existence of the multiverse, he'd probably try to take it over, or destroy it. He's a rogue element we can't take a chance with."

Eh, maybe she's right. Admittedly, Satan makes my stomach flip-flop when I think of the damage he could do, yet doesn't. Sometimes I wonder what his goals are. Does he still lust for revenge? Does he even care about the past anymore? Honestly, his clones appear, cause a little trouble to draw my attention, then get pulverized or flee, but they never cause major catastrophes. Indeed, the Kolvaxians are much more of a threat to the multiverse than Satan, at least given his past actions.

What if I left him alone? Could we form a truce? Is it too much to ask, putting aside our differences?

...No. That can never happen. Not because of Satan, but because of me. I hate him. It's irrational, and I know that, but I still do. He killed Amelia, and when she came back, nothing was the same between us. He genocided all of my clones on that fateful day, then fled and hid. I thought he was dead for a long time until I put the pieces together and realized he must have faked his death. He's always one step ahead, toying around with the lives of people I care about, playing like he's the Creator.

I can't forgive Satan. Not after everything he's done. It would take something incredible to change that.

"Fine. You want me to go to the other Source universe. That all?"

"Not quite. You have a list of objectives you need to accomplish. First, Jason 12F, the second Source, went missing. Jason X stated that he killed Jason 12F, but the memory files Marie 12F recovered don't corroborate that story. He defeated Jason 12F, and put him inside a crystal and handed him over to Yama."

"Yama, huh? He's a tough demon to pin down. I think I've seen him maybe three times across the multiverse."

A lizard chitters in its cage, and Marie rolls over to it, presses a button on her chair to release it, and lets the little reptile crawl onto her shoulder. "Mmm. Anyway, if possible, we would like you to recover Jason 12F's body to determine if he's still alive, and investigate Jason X. If he's a threat, do what you must. Don't hesitate. Beyond that, you have the usual directives."

"What about the Jason I brought along with me? What should I do with him?"

She grunts. "I don't know. After everything I've told you, do you think he's Hope?"

"Not really."

The lizard, a chameleon by the looks of it, stares at me inquisitively. A small pain appears in Marie's eyes, as if she wishes she could stroke its head or something, but the expression passes. "Well, perhaps you should take him with you. We'll perform a psych evaluation on him, and if he's clean, bring him along. I can't think of anybody better to keep an eye on him besides you."

I turn to face the door. "Fine. Make your interrogation quick. It's kinda weird you'd want him to come along with me. Isn't that a little dangerous?"

"Leaving him in his universe is much more dangerous. We can't spare any other Jasons to assist him, and if the Kolvaxians get their hands on him-" Marie stops mid-sentence, worry in her eyes. "Well, let's take every precaution so they don't. We can afford to lose a universe to the Kolvaxians. What we can't do is allow them to integrate a Wordsmith, or discover the existence of the Central Hub."

It takes me a moment to comprehend what she just said. "You want me to leave his universe undefended, and you aren't going to send anyone to assist? What the hell, Marie? That's cold, even for you. We should at least station a few Wordsmiths there and-"

"You don't get it, Jason. Like I said, if your asteroid ripped a hole in space, the odds that it would happen to enter only one universe, and that the affected universe would be the one the Kolvaxians originated in is astronomical. It's much more likely that the hole permeates all of time-space. That means the Kolvaxians may already be in _every_ universe. I can't play favorites, just because the first infection we've learned about is in your original universe."

I quickly spin on my heel to face her. "You don't even know that other universes are affected! What if it's only my universe and 10K's? If we don't tackle the problem now, it'll be too late!"

"It's already too late." Marie's voice lowers. "The Volgrim were defeated in your universe. Jason 10K can't fight Kolvaxians on his own. Battling them requires a dedicated military, unified under one banner, fighting and innovating to keep the monsters on their toes. Since your Source universe lacks such a fighting force, dropping agents and clones in there is suicidal. I won't throw lives away for nothing."

"What about the lives the Kolvaxians are about to take if we don't help them?" I counter. "Those people, be they Volgrim, demon, or human, don't deserve to be turned. Nobody does. It's a horrible fate I wouldn't even wish upon Satan. If we don't put at least one clone there, and make them someone who's fought the Kolvaxians before, it'll be a goddamned slaughter!"

"I've made my decision," Marie says, lowering her eyes. "I'm not saying I won't send clones and agents. I just have to investigate the other universes first. First, we have to determine where in 10K they're pouring through. If it's at Volgarius Alpha's location, then it's a safe bet the same will be true of other universes. However, if they're entering through a hole located somewhere else, especially the Outer Rim, then we'll have to scour each universe. It won't be quick. Devoting resources to your Source universe preemptively will just mean that we have to risk lives in the more developed universes."

_The more developed universes._ Her words ring hot in my ears. "You mean your pet universes. Your projects. I know you're just toying around with some of them, Marie. Your scientific curiosity knows no boundaries."

"Don't be petty, Jason. We can argue until you turn blue in the face, but that won't change anything."

My shoulders sag. "Right. That much is obvious. I'll see you later, Marie." As I turn to walk to the door, I pause, and a smile creeps on my face. "Sorry for being such a pain in the neck."

Her glares burns holes in my back. "Fuck you."

My smile fades as the door closes behind me.

_The things I do for 'peace.'_
