Part 119:

I stared at the ground as I walked. I'm in the labyrinth now, all by myself for once... just like in the old days.

I've lived with my fellow humans now for 10 years. I'm beginning to wonder if I'm doing the right thing. I locked myself in that Cryopod to escape the hell of human activity, constant expectations, backstabbing, betrayal, and even just the general mundane parts of everyday life.

Yet here I am, once again, now I'm not just living among my fellow humans, I'm co-ruling them. Why did I decide to do this?

I gaze down at the three rings on my fingers. _Gabriel. Raphael. Michael._ My infinite vision sees them as three glowing rings of incredible concentrated spiritual power.

I chose to try and save my species, because that may be what the archangels wanted me to do. Truth be told, I don't want to lead people of my species, I just want to know they they _exist_ and that they aren't being slaughtered and exterminated.

Looking from the rings to my body, I gaze in awe as I realize just how much I've grown. All these years of fighting, and thanks to my battle with Amelia teaching me a lesson, all those years without cheating by constantly enhancing my abilities with wordsmithing. I am massive. Standing exactly seven feet tall, with a body made of iron and forged with spiritual hammers and a thousand battles, even if I were just a normal human, I wouldn't want to mess with myself. My blonde hair is long and mostly unkempt, but I do bathe daily when I'm in Hero City... To be honest, I remind myself of images I've seen of mythological gods, like Thor and Zeus.

I've changed, in more ways than one. The tallest mountain started as a stone, and in the same way, I once was weak but now I've grown.

But I feel the same. I don't actually feel any physically different than I did all those years ago, when I entered this hell. But I need to change in another way. I need to stop being reactive, and become proactive. I've grown to rely on others, especially Adams, too much.

And... there's something else. I remember what Hoarhiim said to me, years ago, moments before he died. I can choose not to accept the name the labyrinth gives me. Why am I Slayer? Why have I accepted that? That name is not one befitting a man such as I. It's a name of darkness, given to me by this accursed labyrinth. It's a name that screams 'bloodthirsty killer'.

I don't want to be a voice for the darkness. I want to be a warrior of the light. I want the name that Gabriel honored me with.

I want to be _Hero_ once again.

" _Hero._ " I say, pouring my energy into the word-spell. I'm not sure if this will actually do anything, and it doesn't seem to. Maybe nothing happened.

I pause and sigh. I'm getting all worked up over nothing.

As I walk down the corridors of the labyrinth, I begin to sense something up ahead, in the distance. There are many routes on this particular path which curves and loops, some sprouting off to the right, some off to the left.

But in the distance, I sense an aura of spiritual energy. It's weak, very weak, and yet very pure. This is not an energy I've sensed before. Most energy is dark, and twisted, I would classify that which I've sensed before as _demonic_.

This however, is a pure white energy. In fact, the only thing I can reference that is similar is Hoarhiim. But his wasn't pure white so much as it was just _bright_. This energy... it must belong to something very important.

As I approach it, the energy appears to come from an open doorway on the right side of the tunnel. Peering cautiously inside the room by craning my neck around the corner, I see a shocking sight!

Chained to the wall, there is an _angel_ there. She appears to be completely affixed to it, with other various sets of chains covered in blood and other body matter littered around the room. This appears to be some sort of prison cell. But then, why is the door wide open.

I speak quietly, almost in a whisper. "My- my lady? Are you an... angel?"

Her head is slumped forwards and her entire body, arms and legs, are spread out and chained painfully tight to the wall, as she's suspended from the ground and hanging off by an inch or two. Her wings are also chained to the wall, as if whoever put her here wanted to take no chance of her wriggling even slightly.

Her head slumped forward, I almost can't tell if she's dead or not. I cautiously enter the room, careful to step around the puddles of... _body matter_ all over the ground. There's no smell, perhaps because the pieces and bits are so old they've lost all their odors.

As I approach her suspended body, I hear a sound of grinding.

The door slams down behind me.
