Part 044 - Dellfingler

Heh heh heh... they can't laugh at me anymore. I'm a goddamn genius.

I stifled a bout of maniacal laughter in my mind. It was so brilliant it wounded me. I could create anything using my magical powers. I wasn't just different, I was a walking cheat code.

I aimed my hand at the sword. It wasn't necessary anymore, but I still preferred to do it. It helped with the mental imagery.

" _Sentience_ "

To be honest, I didn't know what to expect, but I had to try it.

...

Nothing happened. I stared at the sword on the ground. Damn. I guess even I have limits. I'm not a God, it would appear.

I reached for the sword. The moment I touched it... the sword _screamed_.

"HEY! GET YOUR GRUBBY MITTS OFF ME!"

I nearly jumped out of my skin, and found my body scrambling away in fright towards the other side of the room. Holy shit! It worked! I hadn't imagined anything specific when I cast the spell, only that I wanted to somehow make the sword 'alive'.

"Oh great. Thanks a lot. You created me with life, you left me lying here NAKED on the cold floor, and now you're scared of me. What a piece of shit." The sword was cursing at me. What the hell.

"Uh... I didn't actually, expect that to work." I walked back over and sat down with the Sword in front of me. "Do you, I guess, have a name?"

The sword coughed. Where was its voice coming from? "Heck yeah buddy, my name's Dellfingler! Don't you forget it!" I guess he was already over his anger from earlier.

Huh, it had a name.

"Okay, so I gave you life, what now? Got any special abilities?"

The sword didn't even hesitate. "No."

I frowned. "Nothing badass, like Soul Ignition, or Mind Meld, or shooting out a spiritual energy blade when I swing?"

"No."

"Well okay, then what DO you do that a normal sword doesn't?"

The sword's response felt like it was shrugging its shoulders. It didn't even have shoulders. "Nothing. I can talk though!"

Fantastic, the power to annoy my enemies while I cut them down.

As I considered these things, Amelia walked in the room. Huh, she wasn't asleep? How did she find me? Blaarjiim must truly be the Lord of Darkness.

Amelia must have caught the tail end of our conversation. "Oh wow! You found a sword that can talk! That's _so_ cool!" I mean, I didn't _find_ the sword per se, but she's dense so I'll let it slide.

She immediately grabbed Dellfingler up and he didn't offer a trace of verbal resistance. I see how it is.

When she lifted him up, I noticed something disturbing. The Ruby that was inset into the hilt, it had something resembling a pupil moving around inside it. I was instantly reminded of Sauron.

"Oh wow! I can see! Thank you so much, my beautiful queen!"

The voice appeared to be coming out of the ruby. Audible thought projection? She hopped up and down with glee.

"Did you hear that? Did you hear that, Hero? He called me a queen! What excellent manners he has to recognize my beauty and superior royal aura!" She fluffed her hair back haughtily and struck a pose with the sword. "This does it! I'm keeping this sword for my own!"

I shrugged. I could always make another one. And to be honest, a talking sword would get pretty annoying.

Thinking about my options, I wondered to myself if another option might be possible.

I looked at the ground again. I imagined something incredible. There's no way this thing could exist normally, but maybe here it could...

Gathering my power, I spoke one word.

" _Lightsaber._ "