Part 420b - (◥▶ᨎ◀◤)

My footsteps echo down the tiled halls as I walk toward the dining room. When I open the door, I smile politely at all the familiar faces. I've been living among these people for a month now, and while I don't know much about them other than their names, they seem pleasant enough. Two girls sitting at the bar spot me and wave at me. _Hi Lora!_ I see their mouths move, but the music playing over to the right by the live jazz band makes it hard to hear them say the words.

I can't return the smile. I haven't gotten over what I did. I killed a man, one who didn't fight back. Even if he had, it wasn't a fair fight. He didn't have a weapon, and he didn't know how to fight. How could I do that? What's wrong with me? Killing someone to protect my friends, and killing another to protect myself, those are very different things compared to killing someone just because Mr. Feldmann told me to. I have to speak to him. I can't kill anyone else. It's wrong!

I quickly turn away from the two at the bar and sweep my gaze across the room. My trained eyes spot him sitting in a corner, just barely visible behind a short wall. He's talking to a young woman, possibly my age, wearing a professional-looking white shirt and black skirt. I haven't seen her before, but the look on his face tells me it's a professional meeting. I can barely tell from the back of her head, but she keeps reaching up to brush hair out of her eyes. It looks like she's angling to get something from him, but I don't know what.

I walk toward them slowly, my enhanced hearing carefully tuning into their conversation as the jazz band fades away behind me.

"-what I said! I've been keeping an eye on him as you instructed, but so far he's just doing normal things. He never deviates from his daily schedule." She bows her head as her voice is tinged with an apologetic tone, and Steven smiles pleasantly at her.

"Right. Well, I am sorry to keep hounding you like this, Stephanie. I know you're doing your best, just as I trained you, but I need results. He wouldn't fire you for no reason, understand?"

The girl, apparently named 'Stephanie,' wipes at her eye. "It's just so frustrating. I keep flashing back in my mind to what he said. He called me untrustworthy! He must have known. It couldn't be a coincidence."

I keep walking, and soon I'm only ten feet away. Steven notices me out of the corner of his eye. "Lora! You're back! I'm just having a chat here with a colleague of mine." He smiles at her again, but I feel like there's a hint of something else in his eye. "Stephanie, this is Lora, the studious young woman I was telling you about."

She turns back to me, and I finally get a look at her face, having looked at the back of her head the whole way here. The best way I'd describe her face is... _plain_. It doesn't stand out and looks like the faces of many slave girls I've known. I'd have trouble picking her out of a crowd. "So you must be Lora, hmm? We're here under similar circumstances. I lost my job, and Steven helped me out when my luck was down. Just like he did with you!" She stands up from the chair and turns back to Steven. "Anyway, I imagine you need to talk to your agent over here, so I'll be heading out. Call me later?"

"Of course. Have a pleasant day, Steph." Steven nods, and she brushes past me and walks away.

I, on the other hand, can barely even care about whatever they were talking about. Steven's expectant stare makes my stomach flip-flop. I feel queasy just looking at him.

"Is the deed done? Did you hit the mark?" Steven's smile is replaced with a more casual stare, almost of disinterest.

"Um... y-yes... I killed him. He's dead. I... I didn't leave any DNA." I stutter and feel even more embarrassed, so I quickly plop down where Stephanie had been sitting and rest my hands on my knees, grimacing when I feel them trembling. "He didn't fight back. He- he _couldn't_ manage even a feeble resistance. It was quick. I hope it was painless."

Steven stares at me for a few seconds, and his expression becomes more serious. My heart quickens, and I have to look away from him. Water. I need water.

"You don't look so stable. Are you okay, Lora? Do you feel guilty about killing him?" Steven's soft voice makes me blush. I shake my head quickly, but he continues anyway. "You did the right thing. He was working with the demons. Just like Danis."

"Bar... bartender. Water, please. Water." I grit my teeth and tap the counter nervously. Steven is still staring at me, and it's making me feel uncomfortable. "It's not okay, Mr. Feldmann. _I'm_ not okay. I killed an innocent m-man."

Before I realize it, he leans forward and touches my arm. "Hey... hey, you look disturbed about this. If I'd known you didn't want to do it, I wouldn't have asked, okay? I shouldn't have told you to kill him. I'm sorry." He pulls back and finally turns his gaze away. "I just... I thought that if you had already killed a hundred men, plus the warden, plus Danis, and twice for him... I thought you were a steadfast person. But now I see I was selfish."

The bartender sets the glass of water down, and I grab and gulp it as quick as I can, only to accidentally choke. It takes a few seconds, but I manage to cough and get my bearings.

Steven's disappointed. Of course he is! I've already killed a hundred people. It's like he said, and now I'm getting wishy-washy over... over one demon collaborator?!

But even if I think like that, it doesn't make me feel any better. "I'm sorry, Mr. Feldmann. I can't kill people anymore. I took his life, and I didn't even know him! It... it wasn't fair. He couldn't even fight back, and now he'll never see his family again. He's gone... forever."

"Huh?" Steven suddenly exhales loudly. "Ahh, so that's what it was. You- I haven't told you about angels yet, have I?"

I'm so confused. What's he talking about now? I turn to look at him, and the serious look is gone, replaced by a faint smile. "Mr. Feldmann? What do angels have to do with anything?"

He scratches his facial stubble. "I'm surprised you don't know. You pray every morning, right? Don't you know why humans are mandated to pray?"

A moment later, I remember what Marie told me when I stayed with her a month ago. "We have to pray because if we die, we'll be reborn as angels."

"Uh huh..." Steven's smile grows a little wider. "And, therefore, if every human is praying, and you kill a person, then what happens?"

"He's... he's not dead?"

"Exactly." The smile vanishes as quickly as it came. "I didn't tell you this, Lora, because I thought you already knew. When you killed Lawrence, he died and became an angel. Humans who are reborn as angels are never allowed to work in government or ever be a member of human society ever again. It might seem cruel, but you've cut off his influence from our government. Now his pro-demon sentiment will stop infecting our civilization."

Steven leans forward and raises an eyebrow. "Honestly, you did that man a favor. By becoming an angel, he is now living among all his family members who have ever died, and he no longer has to work all the time. He doesn't have to eat the awful nutrition bars or do all those annoying things humans hate doing anyway. You improved his life. I'm sure he'd thank you if he could."

My hands finally stop shaking, and the pit in my stomach eases up. "Is that the truth? I improved his life?"

Steven reaches for a drink at the counter, probably something alcoholic, as he prefers. "Indeed. Heck, he has a nice pair of wings now, and he can fly around at his leisure. I'm a little envious."

"Wow. I never realized..." I lean back in my chair against the short wall dividing Steven's private section of the dining room from the rest of the people here and breathe a little easier. "If being an angel is so wonderful, why doesn't everyone become an angel?"

Steven shakes his head and sighs. "You know, Lora... life isn't always a simple question of 'why' or 'why not.' The government, led by my father, keeps certain information from the vast majority of the citizenry. He also feeds false information to them as well. For example, most people, in particular among the lower levels, don't know that angels have no requirement to eat food. We do say that angels can never enjoy the taste of food, but it's a half-truth at best."

He continues. "We keep a lot of things from them. We have to. That's just the way it is. If all of humanity realized how much better it would be to live life as an angel, what do you suppose would happen?"

"They'd kill themselves?"

"Exactly. The angels need humans to pray because angels will die without our thought energy. If the human population declines significantly, the angels won't have enough energy to go around. A lot of them would die, and that would defeat the purpose of the contract we signed. It's not good for us, and bad for them."

A silly question comes to mind. "Even if the lower-class people don't know, you do. You could kill yourself and become an angel. Why don't you?"

He shakes his head immediately and looks me square in the eyes. "There aren't a lot of good people out there, Lora. What do you think would happen if I died? This building, the people in it," He waves his hand around to emphasize. "they'd stop functioning. There would be no active resistance to the pro-demon factions that, thanks to you, I now know run our government. I can't drop out like that. I can't just take the easy way out."

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean anything by it."

Steven continues to stare at me for a few seconds before turning back to his alcohol. "Yes, I know. Anyway, just get this sadness for Lawrence out of your head, okay? He's an angel now, living a better life than he was before, and he isn't causing trouble for ordinary people anymore. You did well."

"Okay." I nod slowly, and a few moments later I get that sinking feeling in my stomach again. "Mr. Feldmann..."

"Saint Joseph, didn't I tell you to call me by my first name when we're in private like this? You're putting me on edge."

I ignore his protests. "You said all humans pray, and because of this, they all become angels when they die... right?"

"Uh huh. Sounds about right."

"Then, does that include Danis? The Warden? All the men I killed?"

He turns to look at me seriously once more. "Yes. Does that bother you?"

"What if I... what if I kill an angel? What happens then?"

He cricks his neck and sighs. "Then they're dead for good. And yes, in case you're wondering, Danis and everyone else you've killed are all angels now. I've seen their personnel files." His breath catches in his throat. "Why are you asking? Are you going to break through the warp-gate, enter Heaven, and kill them?"

"No. No! Of course not! I- I was just asking."

My defiant tone doesn't persuade him. "Yeah, if you say so. I won't hold it against you either way." A moment later he reaches down and picks up his datapad. "By the way, this is your next target. If you're done moping over Lawrence Phesbin, you should be antsy to knock this guy off. He's a known human trafficker. We believe he's working with the demons too. He might even be..." He pauses for a moment. "...well, he might be sending other girls to Yama. I hope you don't have any qualms killing bottom-feeding scum like him."

I take the datapad from Steven and stare at the man's chiseled face silently. "No. None at all. Is he going to become an angel too?"

Steven nods as I hand him the datapad back. "Sadly, yes. In my opinion, some people don't deserve such a reward."

There's a long silence as I swallow and try to gather my thoughts, and finally, I stand up to leave. "I'll be going now."

Steven nods but doesn't say anything. I start to walk away, but he grabs my hand. "Lora. Before you go, have you heard what my father is doing, right now?"

I blush as Stevens' hand slides down mine, rolling off my fingertips. "No... what?"

"He's creating a new law that will open up Heaven, allowing angels and humans to leave and enter Heaven as they please. Unlimited travel. Do you know what that means?"

My stomach churns. My voice is a whisper. "Danis... the Warden..."

"They might come looking for you. I wonder why my father is doing that now, of all times?"

My body feels cold. "I have to go."

"Take care." Steven turns back to the table and averts his eyes from mine. A void appears between us as I turn and walk away.

I'm going to be sick.

..............................................

I can't look weak now. I put one foot in front of the other and stride forth into the main throne room belonging to the King of Gods. Zeus, a god who, I presume, can throw bolts of lightning if the myths are true, sits on his royal throne and stares silently at me as I confidently head toward him.

Gabriel steps out from the right-hand side of his king and bows before me, and I return the gesture, both toward him, and again to Zeus. "Welcome, Supreme Commander Jason Hiro, to the King's Hall, the most sacred of places here in Heaven. King Zeus, as well as myself, welcome you with open arms."

Zeus stands from his chair and walks a few steps toward me. "Indeed, Master Hiro, we are honored that you would come to see us in our home." He stands staring at me for a moment, but before I can greet him as well, he lunges forward and wraps his arms around me, embracing me in a bear hug that I quickly reciprocate. "My old friend! It's good to not have other stuffy bureaucrats around during times like these!"

"Yeah, King Zeus, I'm glad to see you too." I return the hug awkwardly, wondering to myself if this is normal behavior. He pulls away after a few moments to what I would consider a more appropriate arms-length distance.

Out of the corner of my eye, I spot Gabriel rolling his eyes, but he notices me looking and stiffens quickly, pretending it never happened. It's funny; I get a distinct impression that Zeus is a more touchy-feely ruler than Gabriel would like him to be.

Zeus looks me up and down. "I presume you're here for business purposes, and not for matters of a personal nature."

I nod diplomatically. "Yes, afraid so. A Supreme Commander's work is never done."

Zeus gestures to a pew several feet from his throne, allowing me to sit down as he returns to his throne, sighing contentedly. "Right you are! My work is always moving, never allowing me rest. Still, I was quite surprised by the motion you forwarded through Gabriel. I would usually expect a tremendous request like this to come directly to me." He procures a scroll from a table beside his throne and unrolls it neutrally. "You wish to open up the borders and allow humans and angels to move freely between our worlds, eh?"

"I meant no disrespect, King Zeus. I was just in a rush and hoped to speak with you about the matter later."

Zeus rolls up the paper quickly and sets it back on the table. "Ha ha! Tis' not any great offense. You're here now, and I presume to discuss the terms of this border opening, eh?"

"That's right." My lips purse as I examine the eyes of the Greek god before me. Zeus, a god so fearsome he killed his father in mortal combat. Are myths and legends true? Do other gods exist? Other angels? I know precious little of the hierarchy at work in this dimension, but I must understand it better if I am to make it work for me.

"King Zeus," I lean forward a little bit. "as a long-lived friend of mine, I seek not just your approval, but your advice today."

"Oh? Advice?"

"Yes. I have been looking at the plight my fellow humans are in, and I wish to alleviate their discomforts and their sorrows. I am going to start by increasing energy production, creating food that will satisfy them in a way nutrition bars cannot, and, with your permission, allow them to meet and speak with their long-since deceased loved ones."

Zeus widens his eyes. "It sounds to me as if you have this all planned out. How could I be of assistance to you?"

"Do you have any suggestions for how I could make human society more pleasant?"

My question makes him pause for several long moments. His gaze drifts away as he gives my request much thought. "As a god, I know little of how humans perceive the world. Indeed, my experience is different even from the angels I lead. I cannot offer help here. I do not know the taste of food, nor the pleasure of a sexual escapade. Humans are humans, angels are angels, and I am me. I will not be of service to you in this matter."

I feel slightly stupid for even asking. "Sorry, it was a silly request on my part."

"No no, it was quite alright. Anything for you." Zeus strokes his long, golden beard. "Now, that being said, I would like to finally take time to discuss that matter I spoke of with you when last we met."

I feel blank on the inside. "Ah, that would be...?"

"The increase in the human birthing limits. I asked you the last time we spoke if you could allow one to two percent of the population to have a child. The increase in thought-energy output would greatly help my people continue to live adequate lives."

Ah. Ben explained this to me briefly a short time ago. Angels require thought energy to survive, and thus humans give them the energy whenever they pray. Still, with hundreds of trillions of humans, and only ten trillion angels or so... you'd think the angels would have more than enough energy to get along just fine.

"You want me to increase the number of humans? That's a tall order. I could certainly do it, but I would want to wait until my reforms have come into effect."

"Ah. I see. Tell me, is humanity stretched too thin, currently? Are you running out of food and natural resources? Perhaps there's some way I might help?"

I shake my head at his question. "No, no to both. We have plenty of food, but the food is merely nutrition bars. I am seeking to bring back fruits and vegetables in reasonable quantities."

Zeus and Gabriel both look a little disinterested. Gabriel decides to speak this time. "Are you able to expand humanity's population, then?"

"Yes, absolutely. If you need us to expand, I'm very willing to help. Anything to assist humanity's closest ally." A question forms in my mind. "Forgive me for asking, but given how many humans there are, compared to the number of angels, isn't there enough energy to supply you already?"

For a brief moment, I almost spot Zeus's smile cracking, as if I had activated a secret rage inside of him. It passes instantly, and I wonder if I might have hallucinated it.

"Unfortunately, it is not. Humans have pitifully small amounts of energy within their bodies. It would take ten people donating prayer energy to keep a single pseudo-angel alive, to say nothing of a pureblood or an Archangel, like our friend Gabriel here." Zeus chuckles and nudges the winged swordsman, but Gabriel only bows solemnly.

"It is as the King says, Supreme Commander. To use an allegory, imagine a human who is given a sip of water and a small wafer of bread every day. This may allow him to survive, but he will be quite weak due to malnutrition. For angels of pure and human blood alike, the more energy we are given, the more energy we have in our bodies to move and live. Due to an uptick in the number of recorded deaths over the last several millennia-"

Zeus interrupts him. "Especially including that dreadful Goldesh incident, mind you."

Gabriel doesn't appear flustered in the slightest. "-we have had many angels, but no human births to replace them. This would be a good time to restore the energy we've lost by accepting new arrivals, and for upper and middle-level humans to play the lottery and have a chance to create a new generation. Given you're looking to boost morale, this will help you as much as it does us."

He has a point. Ben tells me humans are strictly forbidden from having children without governmental permission, so it must be demoralizing for younger families to have to wait thousands of years and never have children of their own. Then again, I despise most children, but having a son like Timothy would change even a hardened mind like mine.

"Very well. I will speak to those who dictate law among my peers and use the full weight of my authority to push for a new reproduction lottery. I trust you will assist me in creating a new travel system for angels and humans to switch between our realms?"

Gabriel and Zeus look at each other, then back to me. "That will be acceptable."

"Great! I hope that concludes the business part of this meeting." I tap a button on my wrist communicator, and one of my shuttle personnel walks in, holding a box I designed myself with wordsmithing. "What say we have a little fun now? I have this game I brought with me, and I think it might appeal to you."

Zeus licks his lips and leans in closer. "Commander Jason... you don't take me to be a gambler, do you?"

I fold open the box on a table to my side to reveal a backgammon board. "Oh, definitely not. You're much too respectable for that. We're just playing for fun."

"Mmm. I will take the white pieces, then." Zeus quickly gets off his throne and walks over to me, even as Gabriel _tsk tsk's_ to himself.

At least this part of my memory was accurate. Zeus _loves_ playing games of chance. He and the previous Jason had quite the rivalry going, and it would be in bad form for me to forget that.

"I'll take the dark pieces, then."