Part 330a:

"CAN I GET AN AAAAAMEN UP IN HERE?" Clarence screamed into the microphone as he dropped to his knees and threw his hands up into the sky dramatically.

"AMEN!" The massive auditorium full of people cheered in delight as they whipped their heads up and down furiously.

"God is watching! God loves us all! God is just!" Preacher Clarence roared with all his might, ad-libbing as he always did. "God has seen the evil in this world, and struck down both of the Supreme Commanders who defied his will! Fake leaders, false prophets, agents of the anti-Christ! He has seen and He has not liked what he has seen! If ye stand against the lord, ye will be struck down with DIVIIIINE power!" Clarence felt his eyes bulge as he bellowed the words out at the top of his lungs.

Several women at the front were shrieking and wailing about how much they loved him, but Clarence ignored them, for he'd have plenty of their company later that night. Such was the life of a humble mega-star pastor.

"I have spoken to the angels again, and they assure me with all of their heart that the end is coming! The wicked will be struck DOWN! The unfaithful left to die in the streets where they belong! Those who fight on behalf of Satan the Devil will fail, for God is just, and God has the sword of righteousness! Believe! Believe!" Clarence halted for a split second, unsure if he had felt a vein popping in his head. Best to just ignore it. High blood pressure was normal when one lied as much as he tended to.

"When a brother strikes you, turn the other cheek! Like Jesus Christ himself said, the power of forgiveness knows no limits! The Devil cannot enter our hearts if we accept the love of Christ inside ourselves! Bow with me, bow down to the sky, for the angels know that we believe! Come now, my children, bow! Bow!" Clarence hurled himself to the ground dramatically, his chest heaving as he pulled the mic away, sensing that the entire crowd was bowing, even as they failed to contain their excitement. Just a few seconds to catch his breath... that's all he needed.

Who said being a humble preacher was easy? It took a lot of energy to keep the flock of idiot sheep excited enough to come twice a week. Especially if he expected them to open their pockets up!

He staggered back to his feet, hiding his absolute exhaustion with a smile full of bravado. "I thank all of you for coming! We have broken five million faithful members just this week! Imagine the smile on the face of God as He looks down and sees the people remembering him! For a long time, we struggled to find ourselves in darkness... but... hah... now we can see as clear as day!" Clarence caught himself almost running out of breath mid-sentence. _Damn, need to cut this twenty minutes short._

He closed his eyes and clasped his hands together silently as he bowed his head. "Now for a moment of silence in thanks to our lord, Jesus Christ."

The crowd also quickly clasped their hands in unison, as the whole stadium went eerily silent for a few moments. Clarence swallowed carefully, feeling like if he tried too hard to breathe, everyone would hear just how out of shape he really was. After a few seconds, he raised his head back up. "Thank you all for coming. Make sure to drop a dollar in the plate if you love Jesus!" He smiled, knowing many of the more 'pious' members of the church always tried to compete with each other over how much they donated. For them, the more they donated, the more status it made them feel like they had in Heaven.

_Idiots._

Clarence turned away and walked off stage, smiling and waving at the people along the sides, as the people behind him roared in applause.

...

Finally, he was back in his dressing room. He glanced down and saw his hands were shaking. "Son of a bitch. These anxiety attacks are gonna be the death of me." He reached in the drawer beside his changing table and pulled out a tube of red pills, erratically dumping three into his hand. _Doc said to only take one, but I need to calm these jitters down._

After a few minutes, he took three slow, deep breaths, as he felt his center returning. "I don't know how much more of this I can take."

"For your sake, I hope you've got more left." A sudden voice from behind him made Clarence's aura vanish as he shrieked and fell off his chair. Glancing back, he saw that same Archangel standing over in the doorway, appearing silently as he always did.

"Raphael?! Why must you scare me like that?!" Clarence jumped to his feet, noticing his dark skin was covered in flecks of white powder that had fallen off the desk when he did. He quickly wiped at his face and glared at the man on the other side of the room. "Alright, what do you want? You're never here for good news."

Raphael shrugged as he tottered on his cane over towards a bench on the other side of the room, setting himself into it with a grunt of pleasure. "Perhaps I'm just here to say hello. Why must you always assume the worst when you see me?"

Clarence stifled the urge to roll his eyes. "I've been thinking this for a long time, but I'm just not quite sure who the bad guys really are; the demons, or the angels? I haven't spoken with a demon before, but you angels are quite selfish from what I've seen. You almost make me not feel guilty about how badly I'm fleecing these people."

"Sounds like your way of saying you feel guilty anyway." Raphael chuckled as he pointed a finger at Clarence. "As I've always said, you can have all the money, liquor, and women you want. I only ask that it not interfere with your preaching, and that you continue to get people to worship us. You've done very well for yourself, you know. Not only have our angels actually increased in number, they've gained power as well. Soon, we'll be able to take the fight to the demons."

Clarence sat back in his chair and reached for a cigarette in the pocket of the coat hanging on his chair. After taking a long, deep breath, the man who was always full of energy was suddenly the epitome of he who is calm and collected. "Want a smoke?"

"You already know my answer."

The preacher shrugged as he lit it and took a couple long puffs. "You know, I never took the nanobot injections, Raphael. I'm as mortal as humans ought to be."

Raphael raised an eyebrow. "I always thought you were being hypocritical about most of what you preached. You genuinely didn't accept the injections?"

Clarence shook his head slowly, his entire demeanor almost seeming to be that of a different person. One more calm and focused than the loud brash personality he played up for the crowd. "I don't trust others, especially the government and anyone with authority over me. Certainly not you or your kind. This was supposed to be a scam that made me some money for a while... didn't expect to become a multi-millionaire and turn it into a career. But, more importantly..." Clarence's gaze drifted slightly to Raphael's side, as he seemed to zone out. "I'm getting old, Raphael. I'm in my 50's, you know. By the standards of the uninjected, that means my life is at least half over. I smoke, too. I'm very likely to die before I'm 75."

Raphael nodded slowly as he stared at the child before him. How amusing, that he would speak of half a century as 'old'. He knew so little about the true lengths that time could go to. "Your point?"

Clarence took a final drag on the cigarette before smashing it in an ashtray beside himself. "I have all this money, all these women, all this fame and power, but I feel... empty. It feels hollow. I'm going to die soon. I don't know when or how, but I can feel it coming. For once, I'm able to understand why so many took the easy path, accepting those damned nanobots into their bodies. What good is money and sex and fame if you won't live long enough to enjoy it?"

Raphael chuckled to himself. "Ah, so immortality is the solution, then? If you were immortal, you could enjoy it forever, you know."

"Could I? Are you sure?" Clarence's expression seemed haggard as he rubbed at his eyes. "A man tires of everything, if he does it for long enough. Eventually, the money and sex and booze wears thin. What am I left with then?"

The wise angel scratched his chin as he thought about the question. "You could instead look to bettering yourself. Perhaps learning to play an instrument? Maybe, if you were immortal, you might try some crazy thrills, like skydiving? There's plenty to do."

"And after that?" Clarence turned to stare into the timeless eyes of a man who saw all and knew all. "What happens when I've mastered every instrument, made love to every woman, eaten every type of food, seen every star, and done everything that life has to offer? What even makes any of those things worth pursuing?"

Raphael leaned forwards on the bench, feeling his interest piqued. "I've been alive for many billions of years, child. I am not yet bored. I still find many ways to enjoy myself."

"You are not human, you are an angel. Your brain is different from mine, even if only in small ways. You can't understand..." Clarence paused mid-sentence and shrugged. "I guess it really doesn't matter after all. Life is meaningless, from my viewpoint. Even if I could live forever, eventually I would tire of it and wish to die."

Raphael sighed as he stood up from his seat. This conversation was clearly going nowhere. "Get some rest, young man. Take a couple weeks off. The congregation will understand. You're no good to me dead, anyway. Clearly you need some rest and relaxation."

Clarence smiled slightly. "Is that pity in your voice? Fine, I'll take some time off. Maybe I'm just feeling overworked. I hope this dreadful feeling goes away soon, I don't like it one bit."

Raphael set his jaw as he walked out of the room. _Humans are so interesting sometimes. They can be so loud and boisterous, yet so full of melancholy and depression. Truly a river of unending emotions._

Clarence stared at the bottle of pills before him as the archangel left the room. _What am I doing with my life?_

I teleported back down to Earth, glancing over at Amelia sheepishly, as she sat on the grass in the stadium and slowly tossed a baseball back and forth between her hands. "Err, hey."

"Took you long enough." She mumbled quietly as she refused to look at me, instead just staring at the baseball. She watched it slowly move from left, to right, to left, to right...

"Sorry, I just had something to take care of. I didn't forget you. I figured you might like the sunshine and grass, since we're almost always on the ship together."

Amelia nodded slowly. "Ah. So that was the reason. Very convincing." I felt my face flinch at her tone. She didn't sound convinced.

I stood there, hands on my hips, as I stared at her silently for a few moments. "All right, I messed up. I don't know what to say... I'm sorry. Forgive me?"

Amelia smiled slightly, but shoved it back down. She seemed to be forcing herself to look angry, or annoyed or something. Secretly though, I decided she was actually trying to hide a case of the giggles. I probably looked hilarious moping about.

"What is there to forgive? You were busy. It's okay if you just want to ditch me to go have some fun by yourself. I don't matter that much anyway."

I felt a groan bubbling up from within myself. _Women._

"Come on, that's not fair. Especially after I just found out one of my clones has been cloning world leaders behind my back for over a year now. He's got pods full of them. I didn't leave to go play games, I left for business reasons." _Err, sort of. Actually, I can't remember why I went to the JIB. Maybe it was just nerves because I wanted to get out of there quickly after my speech._

Amelia finally broke into a smile as she tossed the ball to the side and jumped up from the grass. "Really? They made clones of other people?! I didn't know you could do that!"

Ah, she's such an airhead sometimes. Seems she's already forgotten why she was mad. "Yeah, I can, but it's highly unethical and I haven't done it in well over a century. In fact, I didn't ever do it myself. Only my clones ever seem to do it."

Amelia hemmed and hawed for a moment. "So, err, could you make a clone of me, then?"

I scratched my head. "I mean... yeah. Why would I, though? You're right here."

Amelia mumbled something to herself as she looked away from me for a moment. "So, if you clone me... does Levvy get cloned too?"

I frowned as I found myself questioning that too. "I... don't know. Hmm. I don't really want to try though, no offense. The thing about clones is that once they're around, you can't get rid of them. Or rather, I can't. I mean, I can, but it feels just wrong. If I'm going to deliberately create a life, I can't just kill it off ever, you know?"

Amelia scowled at me. "Why would you even think such a thing? You mean if you cloned me, it might actually pass through your thick head that the clone needed to be killed? Clones are people too, Jason!"

I grimaced. "Yeah, I know that. What I'm saying is that in the future, I had to do that once. I had to kill every clone of myself that I made. I reabsorbed them into my body, and their mental wails of anguish... stuck around inside me for a long time. I never want to do that again. I only make a clone now if I'm resolute their existence will never come to an end at my own hand, not without a good reason."

Amelia's frown faded away as she nodded. "Yeah, but aren't you forgetting something? If you clone me, you can have twice as much of my love! We can have lots of... _fun_." She inflected carefully on that last word, making me cock an eyebrow.

"I'm not so sure. I think you would get jealous of your other half. You might start thinking I was spending too much time with her, and then I might have trouble telling you apart from her. Too many bad things could happen."

Amelia shrugged. "Hey, your loss. Anyway, now that you mention it, why not get one of your clones down here one of these nights? Then we can really get down to business!"

I chortled to myself, while also feeling slightly grossed out by the thought. _This girl can be downright freaky and weird sometimes._

"It's a neat thought, but let's hold off. I see what you're getting at, but don't you think all my other clones would feel left out?"

"Oh. You've got a point there." Amelia nodded quickly as she seemed to figure out some intricate puzzle the universe had set before her. " _Anyway_, if you ever happen to want to clone me, let me know! I'd have a real blood sister for once! Like a twin or something!"

"I don't think that's how it works." I put my hand on her shoulder as I set my mind on a beach some miles away from the east side of London. "Come on, let's go have some fun. It's been a while since we just hung out on Earth, you know?"

She nodded emphatically as I wordsmithed once again. " **Teleport.** "

"I don't git it, Davook. What good's this gonna do?" Torlok stared at the dynamite in his hands, being careful not to shake it, given he had been warned it was an especially volatile type, and he didn't like the sound of that.

"Look here, kid. That hotel over there has 5,000 humans in it. We bomb it, then set 'er on fire, then we get outta here. Don't ask questions, just do what needs to be done." Davook stood up slightly, peering out of his bush at the brightly lit beach, and all the humans frolicking and playing around so carefree. "Gods, humans are ugly. I don't know how they manage to make babies when every one of 'em looks worse than the smelly side of my ass."

"Sheit, you've got a face only a broodmother could love. You shouldn't be judging, Davook." Torlok tittered to himself, even as he kept his gaze warily on the sticks in his hands.

"Shut up, dumbass. Alright, the coast is clear, let's get a move on." Davook quickly stepped out of the bushes, keeping low as he hid in the shadow of a 3 foot seawall, his shadow-walking abilities barely doing much in the brightness of the midday sun. "Satan must hate me. That's why he wants us to do this while Sol is up there lookin' down on us all."

Torlok sprinted up behind him and they both crouched low, following the sea wall until they reached the gap where they'd have to run past and hope no humans saw them. This beach resort was a busy location, and especially given the prime location in eastern Britannia, not far from the outskirts of London itself. An attack this close to the capital city hadn't been attempted in half a decade. This would really make the fleshbags fearful.

Davook froze, as he cursed under his breath. "A human is coming."

Torlok stayed perfectly still as they both activated their full shadow walking abilities, becoming nearly invisible, as a single man in swimming trunks sauntered over to the wall, looking all around carefully as he shot a glance over to the outhouses, both of which were presently occupied.

"God gave me the equipment, I don't need a stall for this." He walked within a few feet of the shadow-walkers, totally oblivious to their presence as he pulled his 'gun' out and quickly took a leak while nobody was watching. Within a few seconds, he was finished as he whistled merrily, putting his weapon away and going on his way back down to the beach front.

Davook snarled silently, stewing for a few moments as he glared at the disgusting puddle mere feet away from his face. "If I ever get my hands on that sunnofa-" He bit his lip, cutting himself off as he used his energy to shadow-walk to the other side of the gap, teleporting to its shadow in the blink of an eye. Torlok appeared behind him a moment later.

Unfortunately, Torlok couldn't stop snickering to himself. "Heh heh, too bad his aim was off. I told ya you looked like a dump, Davook! He probably smelled a toilet and thought you were the designated-"

Davook didn't even pause as he reached back around and violently backhanded his chuckling companion. "Laugh it up, shit for brains. Next time, I'll mash your face in it, then we'll see how funny you think it is."

Torlok's laughter had already stopped as he rubbed the spot where Davook had smacked him. "Yer a real jerk sometimes."

The two of them moved on silently after that, neither of them speaking to each other. Within a minute or two, they had arrived near the outside of the hotel. In the distance, the sound of a crowd at the hotel's massive swimming pool was audible as they too frolicked and played. "Humans are so damn carefree. This oughta shake them up." Davook reached into his own bag, pulling out some napalm charges, designed to start extremely hot fires, very quickly. "I'll plant these around the building. You go stick those on the roof. If we're lucky, it might collapse the entire building on the fleshbags inside."

Torlok chuckled. "Make sure all the doorways are on fire. Then the humans won't be able ta get out so easy."

"No shit, stupid. You think I'm a moron or somethin'? I'm the brains of this operation. Now get going." Davook took off, pressing himself against the wall of the building as he made his way to the main entrance.

Torlok quickly jumped up, jamming his claws and feet into the brick siding, easily scaling it like there had already been footholds made for him. Just thirty stories separated him from the top, and soon, a lot of humans were going to die.

The young demon licked his lips as he scaled the wall. Even if the humans on the beach saw him now, it was too late. Their fate was sealed.
