Part 012

The smell is sickening. How long has this room been here? I stifle my gag reflex and use all my willpower to force chunks of chicken back down my throat. I don't ever want to eat meat again after seeing this sight.

The smell of death is thick here, though definitely not fresh. The blood on the walls is hardened and crusty, and brown, like it has been here for an eon or two.

There is a corpse in the room, scattered here and there. Whoever it was, presumably the previous cryopod's occupant, they're unrecognizable, desiccated to a point where a DNA scientist would be hard pressed to identify the remains, and torn to pieces. I quickly bow my head and say a quick prayer before bowing out of the room and pulling the door shut behind me.

I'm much more hesitant to check the next room, but I still do it anyway. After the previous room, this one doesn't shock me. It's the same scene, blood everywhere, a corpse torn to pieces, a cryopod destroyed completely and scattered all over the room, pieces of skin and bone stuck to bit of metal and glass here and there. Since I'm not wearing any shoes, I decide not to walk too far in the room.

Rooms 3, 4, and 5 are all the same with varying degrees of family unfriendly content. Room 6 however, is different.

The cryopod in this room is still intact, though opened. There's a journal on the floor, placed directly in the center of the room, laying in such a way that anyone walking in the room would see it immediately, and it's facing them so they'd know to pick it up.

Curious, I walk over to it and pick it up. There's only writing on the first page, so I begin to read it.

_Date: Unknown. Location: Unknown. Mental state: Hopeless._

_I've been here for a week. I haven't eaten anything. Why are all the other nearby rooms filled with death and violence?! What happened to Anya and Faraday? I met them before entering the cryopod, and I wouldn't forget them since it felt like only an instant before I woke up in this hell. I'm all alone, everyone else is dead._

_No matter what I do, I can hear the drums. The drums keep beating. They come from below. Sometimes I hear screaming. Sometimes I scream. The worst noise is the scratching. I hear the thing walking up and down the corridor, I dare not leave this room or it will get me. What the hell is going on? I don't want to be here anymore. I miss my husband. Why did I abandon him on a whim? Is this my punishment? Perhaps this is the judgement of God himself. Perhaps that... that**_monster_** _is what I deserve to have end me._

I pause after reading this. Is that the statue monster I first saw? The rest of the page is just rambling with nothing notable.

The next pages all simply say one thing.

_It watches._

Over and over again, those two words, on the center of each page, for hundreds of pages, then the journal ends.

I set it down on the floor and say another prayer. I don't know what happened to that woman, but I certainly hope she found peace.

But those words. "It watches." I've felt something watching me since I got here. The eyes follow me everywhere I go. There is no refuge. I leave the 6th room, closing it gently behind me.

The next three rooms hold no surprises. All their occupants are torn to shreds and their cryopods eviscerated. Prayers for all of them, of course.

Walking down the hall, I reach the final door, the one at the end wall. This door is directly opposite from where I first entered the hallway, and it seems to be significant. There's writing on this door as well.

救世主

救世主

救世主

I didn't notice it the first time I came through here. Could that be significant? Had it simply appeared since the last time I came through here?

Ignoring this, I take a deep breath and press my hand against the door. Unlike the others, it slides open easily. As the door opens. Something takes hold of me.

Confusion. Terror. Panic. These fill my mind. The room has four pillars and a completely intact cryopod in it. But there were only ten cryopods to start with. And curiously, the cryopod is to my right, with another door to the left.

I walk up to the cryopod and notice that there's a small hatch opened on the back of it. The hatch is empty. My hands start shaking. This isn't... no, it can't be...

I walk to the door in this room. There are markings on the door. I've seen these markings before.

決して離れません

決して離れません

決して離れません

This room. This is my original Cryopod room. But the door that I just entered through was not here before.