Part 185

The democratically recognized leader of the Republic of Rome stood atop his veranda, addressing his citizens.

"My people! I have come today to deliver an address based on the state of our mighty nation! For almost seven hundred years, since the founding of our capital city, we have fought and bled to spread the vastness of our republic!"

Julius Caesar addressed the tens of thousand of people below him, who occasionally roared in applause to his words.

"We have crushed many of our enemies, we have gained incredible wealth and power, we have become an unstoppable force in the world! We are truly a nation blessed by the gods on high! But, we must be wary. Enemies lurk among us."

The crowd quieted down as they listened intently.

"I have received news that demons are in our midst. Vile creatures with unholy abominable powers, they seek to destroy us and our way of life. They may look like you, or you, or even you, but they are not human, make no mistake." Julius pointed to various members of the crowd as he spoke.

"The demons have one goal, which is to eradicate all humans. And we have the goal of eradicating them! I have heard in whispers that some people believe the demons do not truly even exist, or that the gods are myths and legends. These rumors are completely false! The gods bless us from on high, and the demons curse at us from below the boots of our troops!"

Caesar pounded his fist onto the balcony as he yelled. "We have enemies to the north, the east, the west, and the south, but the most insidious enemy is not one who attacks at our gates, but one who attacks from within our midst, in our hearts and minds! The worst enemy is one who whispers doubts about the might of our republic's army, and who speaks ill of the leaders, who have the best intentions for the good of their people at heart!"

Behind Caesar, standing further back in the doorway, unseen, his young protege watched from the shadows. _Brutus_.

...................................................................

Brutus left the balcony, as his mentor and _friend_ made his speech. "Strong words for a weak willed dictator." He muttered to himself quietly as he walked. Once he had left the room Caesar was speaking from, a woman approached him quietly, falling into stride beside him.

"Caesar thinks he knows everything, but he's not as smart or as brave as you, Brutus." The beautiful woman dressed herself in concealing robes, but even so, the figure her body cut was difficult to miss. Brutus, however, was not a man easily swayed by the figure of any woman. He had more important matters to attend to.

"Pretty words, from a demon wench. Belial, I know you have your own desires, and I know you say you defected from the demons, but I find your words difficult to believe. You will help me achieve my goals, and only then will I help you with yours." Belial tried to reach out and lock her arm around his, but he swatted her away.

Belial puffed out her face in a fake display of sadness. "Oh Brutus, if only you could understand the heart of a poor forsaken woman who simply wishes to have some love in her life."

Brutus felt his stomach physically roil. "Calm yourself, I only partner with demons because I must. Now quiet down, we will be meeting with General Pompey soon."

They turned around a corner and entered a room that held a small table. Pompey and his beautiful wife, Metella, sat waiting at the marble table. "Brutus! So good to see you!" Pompey stood up, and quickly approached the two of them. Embracing Brutus with a hug, Brutus' entire demeanor changed as he smiled and grinned at the general.

"Ah, Pompey, I'd like to introduce you to a mistress of mine! Her name is Belial, she's a lovely lady!" Brutus' entire grim expression had changed to an incredibly deceptive smile. _Humans certainly know how to fake their emotions just as well as any demon could._ Belial found herself thinking about this quietly.

Pompey raised an eye slightly. "And... does your wife, Portia, know of this?"

Brutus grinned broadly. "Portia was the one who _suggested_ it!" He nudged Pompey in the ribs a little bit and Pompey guffawed, returning the nudge.

Belial found herself fighting the urge to roll her eyes. _Humans, especially men, are so simple._

The older general beckoned to the table and the three of them took their seats. "Pompey, it is good to see that you have returned from your conquests in the east. What are your plans now?" Brutus started off the conversation with a fairly neutral question, as they began digging in and enjoying the lavish meal servants were delivering. Chicken, lamb, fruits and vegetables, expensive cutlery and silverware, it was a small meal, yet fit for a king.

Pompey felt the grin fall from his face. "Yes, I have just gotten back, but there is much to do. I sense much unrest in this empire. For every victory of mine, I gain five enemies in the Senate. I am fortunate to have you and Julius as my friends, otherwise my name would not be so easily recorded in the annals of history."

Metalla leaned over and nudged Pompey with her shoulder. "Tell him about Egypt!"

He paused as he thought about it. "Every source has told me that Egypt is slowly falling into disarray. It is no longer a great empire as it were hundreds of years ago. Given a chance, I should like to make it my next conquest, though matters at home may make that impossible for the near future."

Brutus nodded. "Egypt under Roman control? It seems a pipe dream, yet I find it a compelling promise. Would you be able to do it? To defeat those who rule over Egypt?"

Pompey kept his expression blank. "Perhaps, perhaps not. Beyond asking if I could defeat the Egyptians, I have more pressing concerns. I feel something dark is falling upon Rome."

The demon female found herself quietly glancing away, as if to not draw Pompey's attention. Brutus responded. "Something dark? What could you mean?"

"Simply put, I feel a plot brewing. Too many in the senate fear Julius' current influence. They would make our friend the political enemy instead of a grand leader. They fear his power so much they might even do something drastic."

Belial and Brutus both stifled chuckles and kept themselves from glancing at each other. "Surely you don't mean... a coup?"

Pompey grimaced. "Or worse. I have no sources on this, it is but a hunch, but I fear a civil war might be brewing."

Brutus nodded as he took in the information, and a bite of meat. "I understand. I am glad you brought your worries to my attention. You are... a good friend of Julius's."

The meal continued on for a while as the four of them spoke off and on, about politics, intrigue, and even just a bit of banter.

A few years later, Brutus would go on to murder his mentor, shortly after Pompey was assassinated. Rome would never again be the same, nor would humanity.