Part 204a:

I traveled for a long time. By using a word I hadn't tried before, I was having the time of my life.

" _Wings!_ "

Angelic wings sprout from my back. Naturally, flying around out in the open would be a bad idea, but that's why I have other abilities!

" _Invisibility! Cloaking! Transparency!_ "

Now that I'm totally invisible, even if I'm detected, nobody will be able to see me.

...Is it just me, or am I being smarter? More cautious? It's definitely something I'm not used to doing.

I fly along through the air, realizing that this ability does not drain my energy like 'flight' would. These wings are very convenient...

...Cassiel. I was holding her in my arms, and it felt like it was only hours ago. Along with Samantha. They were both killed. These wings make me think of her. I have to find a way to save them. Why did Hope have to do this? Why does everyone hold these petty grudges for so long?

Am I the only actual reasonable being out there? No... that can't be the case. I'm doing what I can to change the world for the better, but I need to do better. I need to improve. I have to prevent Cassiel and Samantha from dying, though obviously that won't happen for a hundred million years or so now.

...

I find myself flying above a large city. I pull up my hand as I fly towards a group of tall pseudo-skyscrapers. " _Map._ "

In front of me, a map seems to hover in the air. As expected, I'm still in my home state of Colorado, though very far from my actual home city. According to the map, I'm above Aurora...

I aim my flight path at one of the nearby skyscrapers, landing silently. then tripping and falling because I can't see my own feet. Smooth, me.

Picking myself off, I note that there are no entrances to the roof, so nobody should be able to come up here. Nice.

Not being able to see my own body is quite the detriment. A 747 flies overhead, tens of thousands of feet in the air, but I doubt it's a government plane.

I uncloak and unhide myself as my body comes into full view. I breathe a little bit easier, as an idea comes to my mind.

" _Visualize._ "

My mind takes me mentally to the corpse I had left behind in the building at the black site.

...

"...sus Christ... This is just great. Now we'll never know what he knew." A man sighs as he stares at the gruesome sight of a swinging body, held up by mere pieces of string.

Marie stares at my body in morbid fascination. "He killed himself, huh? Strange, he seemed angry that we were holding him, but to break this quickly? It's unheard of."

"Damn right it is. Fuck, that kid was the key. I just don't see why he did it. I thought for sure he was one of the candidates, maybe even something more."

Marie sighed as she shrugged her shoulders. "It can't be helped. Pull him down and let's do an autopsy."

...

My mind sweeps back into my own body. Good, they seem to be buying it, at least for now. Marie seems suspicious, but if she's the Marie I know, that much is to be expected.

I summon up a pen and paper. I need to write down my goals for the near future.

I start scrawling quickly, as ideas form and disappear just as quickly at they came.

My biggest goal... I have to stop the Volgrim. Perhaps, and this may be conceited... but perhaps with myself here, humanity has a chance at winning this war.

There must be a chance.
