Part 131

As I hung suspended from the ceiling, I concentrated, deep in my mind, and spoke his name.

_Gabriel_.

Again, the blackness around me melted away, as my eyes opened and I could see once again. Whiteness surrounded me as I began free-falling through the sky. Infinitely falling, falling for an eternity, it was a feeling that made me feel violently ill, but also small and insignificant.

And again, I saw a familiar being. A massive archangel, the one known as Gabriel, the Mighty King.

He was different now though. Seeming much smaller, appearing in front of me as I fell. He was still huge, easily the size of a few football stadiums stacked together... but not as large as I remember. No longer wielding his weapons and the Bible I had seen before, he wore a plain white set of robes, though they were pure and clean, as expected of an Archangel.

"You have returned." He spoke to me, his voice much softer and quieter than it was previously. "It would seem that you are in a dire circumstance, _Hero King_. Have you come to beg my aid?"

I smiled as I fell. "Yes. I am in dire need of your help. I am trapped, there are going to be big problems if I cannot escape. Will you lend me your power?"

Gabriel shook his head. "Ever since my companions and I were imprisoned in these rings, eons ago, we have never once lent our power to anyone. We were carried around first by the great Egyptian god of old, Horus, and later by the devil-like female known as Bahamut. While she was not a true demon or any evolved form of one, she was certainly a demonic being, one who won battles through lies and treachery."

I nodded as I fell past a thick cloud cover. "I am sorry that you were imprisoned in those rings. May I ask, what did you do to earn such a punishment?"

Gabriel's eyes lowered down below me, to the ground that I was falling towards and might never reach. "I... had to make a choice. A choice that was impossible to make. One that doomed my people to nigh-extinction. That choice... this is no punishment. My people were the ones who received the true anguish."

I stared at him, watching as his eyes filled with sorrow. "I... wish I could undo it. The angels may not have been mighty, and perhaps the gods were fools, but to have them all die off... it seems so cruel. So... awful."

Gabriel nodded. "But you know, things are not as they always seem. The Great War was not a normal war. It was caused by those who had profit to gain from it, as were all human wars fought over territory, riches, oil, women, and many other things of that sort. There is no such thing as pure evil in a war, only degrees of debauchery and immorality. And the angels... they were not above committing such vile acts."

Gabriel sighed deeply as he stared at my falling body. "I will not lend you my power, Hero King. I will _give_ you my full power. Not just mine, but that of my two brothers as well. We have long ceased to be useful. Our kind only has one left, and it is up to you to protect her. She is the key to bringing balance between the three worlds. If you promise me to protect her, you will leave here no longer a man. You will become something _far above_ such a level of mortality."

I hesitated. I'll... no longer be a man? Does he mean genderless, or no longer a human? I don't... know if I want that.

But... I owe the people that have fought under me and for me. I owe those who gave me safety and care for ten years. One spoiled ruler needs his discipline, and I have a clone to catch.

"Very well. I accept your terms, Gabriel. I will do whatever is in my power to end this war. I will bring balance back to our universe. If I fail... then perhaps it was never destined to begin with."

Gabriel stared at me solemnly. "Since you have agreed to my terms, these are my final words. Listen well. You are no longer the Hero king. As of this moment, your powers will advance you to a new unseen tier of immortality. You will call yourself the _God King_ of humanity. Only two such beings in the past have ever had such titles. But you are our last hope. Farewell, God King. Do not squander your power. Our hope lies with you."

I raised my hand up and saluted the archangel. I'm not good with formalities, but this seemed to be the best way to communicate my respect for his position.

"Farewell, Gabriel. May we see each other eons in the future, as brothers."

Gabriel beamed broadly, as his body floated upwards into the sky. From above, a massive lance of light shot down, piercing my heart like a blade of molten metal. I screamed again in wordless agony, as millions of runes etched themselves into my body, their dark lettering blotting out the color of my pale skin, and then they turned bright white and disappeared as they embedded themselves into my very soul itself.

And suddenly, I was back in the jail cell. But something had noticeably changed.

_I could see again_.