Part 061:

The legends were true. We had all but forgotten the horrors of those dark times, more than a thousand years ago. We told bedtime stories to our children about the Great Monster of the past that devoured little kids who didn't do as mom and dad said, but it was all in jest to give them a fright.

But those stories about the Dark Witch... they were true. She had returned.

I slouched in my chair at the Great Hall. As king of Trandor, the largest and mightiest city in the world of Valenzi, I held much power in my grasp. Seven of my ten finest generals were present and briefing me on the current situation. The other three... well, they had already perished awful, indescribable deaths.

"Her rampage continues unchecked." Roland, the highest ranked general pointed to a spot on the map, indicating her last known position, as he concluded his remarks. "The death count is... is... it's in the ah, thousands."

An oppressive aura hung over the room. Our greatest champion, the mightiest of the 10 generals, had met her in hand-to-hand combat. He fought admirably, but in the end, she had shown she was merely toying with him. There was nothing left of his remains that we could identify. How courteous of her to allow a messenger to flee to deliver news. She must have planned for it to sow terror among us.

Gradius spoke next. "I just can't fathom... she eats and she eats, and yet she never has her fill. How can such a small... how can she not tire of the chase..." His words could have almost sounded a joke, but his expression was ashen. He had lost his wife to the evil monster.

I reached over and placed my hand on his back. I could do no better to comfort him. There was no comfort for the living. "General Gradius... you will have your chance at revenge. We must... we must find a countermeasure to her. When the time comes, I will let you strike the final blow."

General Heifl hesitantly spoke, probably to counter my statement. "Ah, King Brand, that won't be- I mean to say... it's not that we don't have any, but we should certainly not seem to have the, ah, ability to fight her..." He trailed off, nervously swallowing as he looked away from my gaze.

I stared at the large map that took up the great table in front of me. Red dots of varying sizes marked the estimated death tolls in areas she had struck, as well as giving an idea of her warpath's direction.

"She appears to be... heading this way." I stated the obvious, as her path was only slightly curved away from us, likely to aim at varying population centers along the route.

"Why has she returned? The lady Joan appeared, according to legend, and told us that she had stopped the Dark Witch's rampage by sealing her in a prison. How had she escaped?" Roland spoke his thoughts out loud, not actually asking anyone in particular.

Lafone, another of my top generals, shrugged. "Who knows? She likely had help from some evil entity."

I nodded. Only a monster of true evil would have freed such a demonic being. What else could have freed her, knowing the hell she had put our people through?

Roland spoke again. "More interestingly, a survivor from the initial village, terrified though she was, gave an eyewitness testimony regarding the appearance of the Dark Witch."

I perked up. "Oh? And what did she speak of?"

"Ah, well, it was rather bizarre. She said that out of nowhere, a large doorway appeared in the middle of her village's wheat field, and a door flew through the air, crushing several people. She survived by crawling under the door and hiding from the Witch's line of sight." Roland shook his head. It sounded absurd. A door that appeared out of nowhere? The woman must have gone mad after seeing the demon go on a rampage.

I stared at the map. It was a long shot. A very long shot. But maybe... just maybe...

"Sir Roland. You are our second mightiest fighter that is left in the capital. Gradius will stay here to evacuate our people. I want you to take an elite squadron and circle around the long route to that door. If it still exists, enter it. This may be our last hope. There exists no champion among our people that can save us now."

My hands were trembling with fear. I hid them under the table. Roland may be our second mightiest fighter, but he was our top general. Losing his battle instincts and ability to command would surely guarantee our world a loss if we should face that demon in the capital. But he was also our only hope if he had to enter whatever place she came from. He alone was the only one I could trust to make it out and come back in one piece.

Roland slowly nodded, as he bit his lip. I was surely sending him to his death. Even so, he also knew that no matter what, if he stayed here, he would surely perish by the Dark Witch's hand.

"Agreed. I would rather chance a slim hope of finding a way to defeat the Dark Witch than simply wait for death to take me."

Roland rose, and pointed to Todoro, the lowest ranked general at the table. "Todoro, you will come with me. Your speed is unmatched. You can run faster than the fastest horse and you do it without tiring. If I should perish, you _must_ return and deliver news of whatever is within that door."

Todoro nodded vigorously. To be granted such an important mission, it might be our last chance to save our people.

I rose, and following me, so did all of the other generals.

"Excellent. We will await your return with bated breath." I turned to Lafone. "General Lafone. It pains me to ask this of you. I want you to... to... evacuate the capital city, and prepare a caravan. We must flee the Dark Witch. She may destroy our city, but I shall not allow her to murder my citizens."

Lafone nodded. "Your will, my hand."
