Part 047: Resolve

I'm tired of this. I'm so tired of this hell.

Three months now. I'm getting weaker and weaker. Amelia barely even visits anymore. Servants bring me food (always chicken) and water and attend to my needs. I may be crippled badly but I'm still a hero to these people.

What the hell is wrong with me? These people depended on me. I gave them salvation and immediately became a cripple. Talk about being a flash in the pan hero.

Frustration was building. Damnit! I can't stand being like this. I'd rather be dead! But then again, the thought that dying might send me to that lake of fire and acid didn't exactly fuel my excitement.

I pondered and thought, and pondered some more.

Come on, there HAS to be a way to fix this. I'm in a world that defies human imagination. I'm in a world where I can summon swords and create sentient beings with a single word. There's no way this condition isn't a temporary one.

Yeah! That's it! There has to be a way out of this! I've been in worse predicaments! Even if it takes time, I've got all the time in the world! I practically live in a giant safe room!

Thoughts crossed my mind. Physical therapy? Maybe doing small exercises daily would help me recuperate. I remember a famous actor, Christopher Reeves, he was completely paralyzed after an accident involving a horse that threw him off, and while he did eventually die years later, he had been able to move his body to a decent extent after years of therapy.

But... even though I may have all the time in the world, that didn't mean I had to do it that way. There were literally thousands of people with magic that could help me.

Shit, this is hurting my head to think about. Maybe there's some way I can think more clearly.

...

Oh right, the Crown of Solomon. Duh. I really am still an idiot.

I had left the Crown on a desk nearby, but in my condition two feet might as well have been two solar systems away. I rang my bell nearby and called out for one of my servants. "Phoebe! Phoebe! Are you there?"

She came around the corner. She was an older looking woman, maybe in her 40's, at least looks-wise. Actual age-wise, who knew? She could be 20 million years old for all I know. Her hair was a bouncy blonde, with natural curls going all the way down. She had a small scar on her right cheek that she insisted was from a dog, but I wasn't so sure.

She walked into my room, smoothing down her maid outfit to preserve her modesty. "Ah, Great Hero, how may I be of service to you today?"

"Would you mind grabbing the Crown off the desk for me? I need to do some thinking." I beckoned with my eyes at it.

"Are you sure, Great Hero? You said it was hurting your head when you wore it in bed." She seemed concerned for my well being. It was very touching.

"Yes, it will be quite all right, it's only for a short while."

She nodded quickly. "Of course! Anything for you, oh Great One!" She walked over to the desk quickly and plucked it off, admiring it for a second before handing it to me. "Such a beautiful thing. I can see why you like it. Would you like me to put it on your head?"

I nodded. "Yes, that would be great. Thank you, Phoebe."

"Not at all! Anything for you!" She quickly pulled it back out of my hands and set it on my head gently. "Will there be anything else?"

I didn't hear what she had just said. Suddenly, my mind was racing. The instant she placed the Crown on my head, my brain started thinking at the speed of light. I had forgotten what a rush wearing the crown was. Wearing it for such a prolonged period of time must have dulled how overwhelming it was to me. It's like having a cut on your arm. When it's fresh, you feel the pain. After a while, the pain diminishes, and soon you won't notice it at all unless you think about it consciously or poke the wound.

Thinking about my condition, a million possibilities came to my mind. Magic, treatment, cure, fix, heal, words came at me faster and faster.

Suddenly I jerked my head up and stared straight at Phoebe.

"Say, Phoebe, do you recall where I put those two extra rings of mine?"
