Part 051:

I couldn't believe my eyes! It was a miracle!

I walked back into the room to check on the Hero's needs and was flabbergasted to see him standing in the corner of the room, staring out the window. Standing! He was healed! The greatest mages in the city, his own power, and the great Lord of Flies herself had lacked the ability to heal him, yet there he stood.

Rushing over to him, I stood a few feet away and called out his name.

"Hero! Great Hero! It's a miracle, you're walking!" I looked him up and down. He was not very tall, and his body had atrophied from being denied movement thanks to his condition for the last few months, yet here he stood, more filled with life than I had seen since I first met him.

From behind him, I saw a small gentle smile tighten across his the side of his face as he gazed out the window. "Ah, Phoebe. Is that you?"

I felt a small bit of confusion. "Yes, Great Hero. It is I. Do you not remember me?"

He slowly turned around and his eyes mindlessly wandered all over the room, failing to set themselves on my figure. They were a cloudy white color, searching everything but finding nothing. "Ah... well, it's just so... hard to comprehend my thoughts right now. Indescribable, really."

"Your... your eyes... what happened...?" I swallowed as I looked into the Hero's empty eyes.

"Phoebe. I can't see you right now. As a condition for my healing, or perhaps it was because I needed to make a willful sacrifice, the one who healed me made me blind. Perhaps, by making me blind, he wanted me to see things as they really are." Hero nodded slowly. "Yes, that must be it. This was no accident, nor is it a curse. Rather, this is something I must accept and learn to live with."

I was flabbergasted. "W-what?! Someone had the power to heal you but after doing so they... they struck you with a curse?! How could you accept this?! If you hold for but a short while, I shall fetch the Lord of Flies, curing blindness is a snap compared to healing your spine!" I started to turn for the door.

"Wait. Don't go." Hero held up his hand, indicating the 'halt' sign. "Do not do that. This is not a curse. In fact, I consider this a blessing."

Hero put his hand down and slowly walked over to his bed, fumbling for handholds along the way, missing the bottom corner of the bed with his foot by mere centimeters. Finding a handhold, he slowly sat down on the bed and stared at the ground. I walked over and took a seat next to him.

"If you won't heal your eyesight, then what will you do?"

A simple question. How could the Hero be a savior of the people if he was still a cripple who could not walk anywhere without a cane to search out the path in front of him?

"This blindness allows me to see many things I could not see before. It also allows me to close out things I did not want to see. I no longer see the River of Sheol, as an example."

I felt a shudder go down my spine. The River of Sheol. He had told me about it. A hellish river where the souls of the damned go to forever live and writhe in the worst agony possible. A place I should never like to go.

Hero cracked a huge grin suddenly and rose quickly to his feet. "However, I do not need to see with my eyes to see the destiny laid out in front of me. I know what must be done."

Raising his hand forwards, he spoke a single word.

" **Detect.** "
