Part 183: Immortality

"Is immortality truly desirable?" The wizened old man stared pointedly at his student, who was painting a pretty mural on a flattened piece of wood.

"Well, yes. Why shouldn't it be? Immortality means you would never have to worry about dying. It would give you a long life to learn all, know all, and do all." The much younger man made some broad strokes with the blue paint, coloring in a bit of plain looking sky.

"Are you certain of that? Can you not find any negatives in the pursuit of immortality?" The old man pressed him a bit harder. He always got so dogged when he had some point to make.

The young man sighed. "Well, I can't see very many, to be honest. I suppose maybe boredom, outliving your friends and lovers and family... what others could there possibly be?"

The old man shook his head. "You have much to learn. Life is not simply about the pursuit of new skills and abilities, it is the pursuit of those in a limited amount of time. One does not become a famous Olympian if he has an eternity to train, he does so because he has such a short existence to make himself known." He pulled his fingers in and out of his beard, as he slowly rocked back and forth in his wooden chair.

The young man blinked slowly, as he examined his painting. He grabbed a bit of the green paint. "All right, but the gods and angels are immortal. Are you saying they live meaningless lives?"

The old man waved his hand. "Plato, you know the answer already. Of course the damned gods are miserable. Think of it, they are so miserable they have to interfere with the affairs of our world just so they can derive some pleasure from their pathetic existences. And in the end, the gods can still be killed, so they are not true immortals. No, a true immortal is unkillable, and cannot die by any normal means. To the best of my limited knowledge, no such being exists."

The young man paused his painting for a moment. "You said 'to the best of your knowledge', so you admit you don't know that for a fact?"

The old man sighed. "True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing. I am the wisest man alive, for I know one thing, and that is that I know nothing."

Plato rolled his eyes. "My dear Socrates, you always speak in riddles." He went back to painting, this time dabbing just a speck of red on the wooden canvas. "What good is knowledge if you should pass on to the other world? It becomes like dust scattered to the wind. Immortality may not be perfect, but the upsides surely outweigh the downsides."

Socrates shrugged. "Perhaps, you may be right. However, what is wisdom? Knowledge is not wisdom. Knowledge accrued through a million years of reading will not make one truly wise. The only way to become wise is to learn through action."

"True, but you can perform many more actions if you should live forever." Plato let a small smile creep onto his face.

Socrates guffawed. "Yes, but if you live forever, then you would surely become wise if that were the case. I say that wisdom can be attained even at a young age, but only by those inclined towards it. Think of the gods who died due to their lack of wisdom, gods who lived many eternities longer than a mortal man, mind you! Immortality would not truly help one become wise, it would only make an already wise man grow wiser!"

Plato stepped back from his artwork, and then sat back down, finding a spot he didn't quite like. "The thought holds true, I cannot deny it. However, think of the other benefits of immortality! You would be able to experience all the sights that Mother Earth has to offer! You may be able to enjoy the intimacy of women from many countries as well!"

The old man rubbed a small pendant on his neck, which had a beautiful red gem inset into it. "What would the point be? You can already do that with your short life, yet most men do not do so! A beautiful vista is a sweet thing, but you soon grow used to it. In the same way, immortality would start off sweet and pure, but would sour over time. I believe the only reason the gods have not all killed themselves is that they can experience immortality with each other."

Plato smirked. "Ah! So you think that immortality's downsides become less clear if you are sharing it with others! So let me pose you a question, dear teacher; If instead of yourself simply becoming immortal, you were able to make your friends and family become timeless as well, would that change your opinion of it?"

Socrates actually paused for a few moments, fighting with himself to seek the answer. "Nay. I think of the fact that even if the people I cared about were immortal, what of _their_ friends and lovers? Without them, my friends and family would surely become miserable, and that would mean I'd need to spread the immortality forever, until the entire human race were immortal."

Plato frowned. "So? I see no issue there. If loneliness and sadness are the biggest negatives of becoming immortal, surely neutralizing them would make immortality much more positive!"

Socrates snorted as he rubbed his temple. "Yes, but you overlook two important things. One; humans would breed like rabbits, and quickly overtake the entire Earth. Two, living with your worst enemies forever, knowing they would never die, it would eat you up in the inside, continuing to make you miserable for all eternity."

The younger man set down his paintbrush as he turned to face his senior. "But then, assuming humans remained the same, would they not continue to kill each other in ever more glorious bloodbaths, keeping the population down? And if that were the case, would that not make it possible to kill your worst enemies? It seems to be still more positive to me than negative."

"My young friend, you are certainly an idealist. Always looking for the best in a situation." Socrates scratched the back of his head as he leaned forwards in his chair, pulling himself out and up to his feet.

"Ha! I should say the opposite to you! Always a realist, trying to see the worst in a situation! And in the end, I should expect that despite your claims to the contrary, you would still prefer immortality over mortality!" Plato stepped up, as he embraced his teacher and the two of them stepped apart, preparing to go dine in the banquet hall below.

Socrates nodded slowly. "Yes, I should expect that I would, though such a thing is surely impossible. A pipe dream born of fools. To be able to spread my wisdom everywhere, to the ends of the cosmos, until the end of time... it would not be such a bad thing."

As they walked side by side down the arm, Socrates rubbed that curious red stone on his necklace. "Truly, it would not be such a bad thing."
