Part 249a

Nufaris felt a slight discomfort, deep in his body. "I'm not saying that I am questioning your orders, great Founder, but I have the oddest sensation right now... I feel as if this is a terrible mistake we're about to make."

Dosena sneered haughtily. "Oh, is that what you _feel_, Elder? I fought in every Great War, and I was always on the winning side. If we return to Volgarius, broken and defeated, I may just have my rank of second stripped from me and given to one of the others. Unarin looks upon failure with great displeasure."

Nufaris gritted his teeth imperceptibly. "I am aware of the consequences, but this may just lead to the deaths of all our troops. It hasn't been two full Volgarian rotations yet, and we're already returning to a battle we just lost. We certainly might prevail, but more likely we'll stalemate, or we may even lose. You remember the drone ships, of course."

Dosena shot him a bone-chilling glance as she hissed ice at him. " _Naturally._ As if I'd forget the tactics they used. Cheap, primitive tactics of a losing party sending their troops rushing to their deaths. Autopiloted drones are of little consequence to the full might of the Second Volgarian Enclave. We should rain down death on their planet, even if it costs us our lives. Damage them and demoralize them. The drone we sent back to Volgarius will arrive in a few orbital cycles and will give news of what our plans were. If all goes well, we will follow soon after. If we don't, then we will die fighting for our people."

Nufaris sighed as his tension eased. Yes, of course. The Founder was correct. Shame was worse than death in their hierarchical militarily structured society. While war was a thing of the past, battle had been immortalized in their legacy and was taught to all of their children. While they were not as barbaric as the primitive Earthlings, they had fought for tens of thousands, if not millions of orbits before the human species even existed.

Then again... Nufaris thought back to the memories that had been returned to his body. If these humans were a long lost Volgrim colony, then how were they able to procreate? They must have come from a time before the Great Wars, spoken of only in myth. A time of science and reason, when they were simply exploring the galaxy for the good of their people. Perhaps a stray pod crash landed on the planet and- no, that couldn't be it. Why would they not simply repair and move on, or return to Volgarius with news of the planet rich and teeming with life?

In fact... no, that would make no sense. But then again, what if it were true? What if that ship, if it existed, had intentionally landed on the planet and sowed seeds of life there to create a world for the Volgrim to live on? There was the matter the Founder Cuanali, the fourth, had mentioned. An original homeworld, Volgarius Alpha. Perhaps it had something to do with this. Why did the Volgrim resettle on a new planet? And when? Why did only the Founders know of it? Perhaps a mass mind-wipe? But why would they do such a thing?

Nufaris paused and quieted his thoughts. These hypotheses were of little use. It didn't matter how the humans had risen or how they were related to Volgarians, they were an inferior species.

Still... there was the matter of the Prime Principle. The humans had their own version, called 'survival of the fittest'. If they were somehow descended of the Volgrim themselves, then perhaps, being a differently evolved race, they were neither superior or inferior, but simply... _different_? Maybe they still had the cunning and strength the Volgrim themselves possessed, but they simply utilized their resources differently.

In fact, that thought quite alarmed Nufaris. That would mean they weren't fighting primitives, but an equally cunning enemy, one that had advanced at an astoundingly alarming rate. Based upon the scans of their planet, the petabytes of data they had accrued on its composition, the age of its structures the humans lived in, their own information banks, and many other such things... it was terrifyingly clear that suddenly, in a mere period of two hundred orbital cycles of their planet, they had somehow managed to go from a species that tilled the land like slaves, to a mighty spacefaring race that fought on equal terms with the galactic conquistadors known as the Volgrim.

If these primitives were so _inferior_, how had they demonstrated such superior advancement?

As these thoughts raced through his mind, Dosena seemed to notice he had grown silent. Before he'd realized it, it was already too late, she had already read his mind with her psionic abilities. "I would keep your conspiracy theories to yourself if I were in your position, _Elder_. Thoughts like those might be considered treasonous by ones much less lenient than I."

Nufaris nodded quietly and mumbled a slight apology as he bowed his head. Best not to think about it.

...

A short time later, the alarms on the bridge went into Yellow Alert mode, as they arrived in the Terran sector. This time, they made sure to come out of space on the opposite side of the planet as the moon that orbited the planet Earth. It would seem the humans had set up multiple forward bases there. At the speed of light, it was only seconds away, but it wouldn't hurt to be careful.

"Founder Dosena! We're reading twenty hostile ships inbound! They're... they're... fighter-class craft." One of the two helmsman spoke up, his voice lilting slightly into confusion.

Dosena's eyebrow raised up slightly. "Fighter-class? No flagship? No cruisers? No other large ships?"

The helmsman stared intently at his screen as he quickly ran multiple subspace and warp-space scans. "...None. Twenty fighter-class ships only."

"Hmm." Nufaris bristled at the sight of this infinitesimally tiny fighting force in front of them. A trap? How stupid did the humans think they were?

Dosena glared at the barely visible dots one could only see if they squinted and looked directly at the blue ball of Earth. "Interesting. They must assume we'll crush their ships and then move closer to the planet. Maintain a distance, keep the scans up, especially at our rear. This may be cover for a pincer attack. They may attempt to warp in from behind us and blast us where our forward guns won't easily reach."

The tactical officer spoke up next. "Founder, a quick hypothesis, is it not possible they have kept these ships here merely as an early warning system while they repair the other ships on their forward moon-base? This may also be a lucky chance for us."

"I don't believe in luck. Hold here while I think for a minute." Dosena raised her thumb to her teeth and slightly gnawed on it as she furrowed her brow in concentration.

"Ah! The twenty ships... they're advancing on us!" The helmsman yelped in surprise. "These fools! Do they wish a certain death?"

Nufaris blinked. "Life signs. Are there any life signs on board those ships?"

"Yes, Elder. each ship has exactly one crewman on board. They're- what?! They're accelerating rapidly! They're aiming right at our forward cruisers!"

"Evasive maneuvers! It's a suicide attack!" Dosena grimaced. Again with the dirty tricks. This species would sacrifice their own people directly, just to try and deal some futile damage to the Volgrim's massive battle ships. Even if they crashed directly on a path towards one of the cores each cruiser might have, it would still be able to function on the other ones, even if somewhat impaired. Not to mention multiple highly reinforced levels of trans-steel alloys refined over centuries of craftsmanship. Their tiny ships wouldn't be able to breach multiple levels even at high speeds.

"Impact imminent! We can't avoid it!" The helmsman grimaced as multiple tiny balls of fire exploded out many of their forward cruisers.

"Damage report." Nufaris took the lead as he whipped his head over to the tactical display. Multiple holo-images appeared, showing the damages. "What?! They managed to pierce all the way through?! How fast were they traveling?!"

"They were moving at sub-light speeds, sir, close to 1/1,000th the speed of light. They must have wanted to deal as much damage as possible. I wonder what their ships were constructed from..." His voice trailed off as new readings appeared on his screen. "Th-their ships are intact?!"

Nufaris's face whitened as their sensors detected and traced the exit trajectory of the suicide attackers ships. They were indeed the exact same twenty ships, and they were coming around for another strike attack. "Full speed evasive maneuvers! Fire at them! Hit them with everything we've got!"

Seconds passed as his mechanical heart slammed inside his chest. The helmsman was frantic at this point. "They took a full barrage from the Gauss cannons on our heavy cruisers! Proton torpedoes... no effect! Recoil cannons... no effect! Are they indestructible?!"

This time, it was the flagship that shuddered as every single one of the twenty ships accelerated to their intended ramming speed, slamming into all of its core-decks as well as other energy-housing decks. Dosena was livid with rage. "Unarin forgive me! Fall back! Full retreat! Teleport all the crew off this ship onto the other ones, on the double! I want us out of here in ten ticks or everyone on board will be court-martialed! Put all ships to red alert status!"

The entire crew rapidly teleported to the other ships and began an immediate return straight to Volgarius. No excuses this time, they absolutely had to warn their allies about the coming danger to their planet.

As they blasted off at Warp 6, Nufaris stared at the final scans they had received of the fighter-class ships. The most heavily damaged one... it was still at 97% hull integrity.

This marked a turning point in the early part of the Energy Wars. However, this would not necessarily bode well for the humans.

Many orbits later, Founder Dosena sat on a bed quietly in her private chambers, as she stared emptily at a small purple crystal in her hand.

"For it to come to this..." She sighed bitterly, as she rubbed the crystal in her hand and it activated, a soft glowing pulse emitted from it, repeating softly.

Soon, in order to save her kind, she would have to make a deal with the Devil.