Part 107:

I stared in disbelief at the array of test weapons that Captain Adams was showing me.

"These... are the new weapons? These aren't even actual guns!" I pointed at the Boomstick. "It only shoots one shot at a time! And it has a six second reload!"

Adams shook his head slowly as I ranted, finally interrupting me. "Slayer, you're a smart guy. But the problem with the 'guns' that you remember is they're weak. Even the bigger bullets, they might cause some decent damage to a charging demon, but what about an Ogre? What about Trolls and other advanced monsters and demons?"

I stared intently at the weapons in front of me. Come to think of it, Adams was right. What good are bullets designed for killing humans against the monstrosities of hell? You need _stopping power_ to take down a charging orc. Bleeding out monsters and demons is not an option, you need them dead as quickly as possible.

I indicated a few of the other weapons. "What about these?"

Adams nodded. "The 'Buddha Palm' and the 'Shock Lance' are still experimental. We've had some bad accidents, but with your clones nearby there haven't been any fatalities, or unhealed injuries for that matter."

Adams and I stared at the array of tools and weapons on the table in front of us quietly for a few minutes. I still couldn't believe my eyes. These are new inventions. I don't understand how they work and Adams' explanations are too technical for me, but the ideas are solid and they're performing beautifully.

Adams broke the silence. "Slayer, I've been meaning to talk to you... about your abilities."

I looked up and our eyes met. "All right. Go on."

Adams took the Crown of Solomon off his head as he spoke. "Listen, your ability that you use to clone yourself... can it be used to clone other things?"

I looked at the crown he was holding in his hand meaningfully. _Of course_. Why didn't I think of it first? That is an amazing idea.

"I... don't know? I've never tried before." I took the crown from his hand and swallowed hard as I focused my mind on it.

" _Clone_."

And in my spare hand, a new Crown appeared! I gasped and my eyes shot open. Adams was stunned too.

"By the gods, do you understand what this means?"

I nodded rapidly. "This kind of power is dangerous."

Adams grabbed the crown from my hand as he quickly placed it on his head. He stared around the room, turning his head here and there. "Hmm. No mental map... and I feel the same as ever..."

He took the crown off and set it on the ground, breathing heavily. "It's a dud."

I nodded. "Damn. That would be too convenient."

He stared at the crown, long and hard. "You know, the Crown may be a fake... but it looks real. This might be useful in the future."

I nodded. "We might be able to fool our enemies with it somehow."

Suddenly Adams leaped to his feet as a look of shock blasted from his face. "MY GOD!"

I jumped up in surprise. "What? What?!"

He looked me in the eyes as his breathing speed increased greatly. "Clone me!"

Mine increased too! "Holy crap, Adams! You're a genius!"

"I KNOW!" His excitement was contagious.

I aimed my hand at him. "Clone!" A clone of Adams appeared. It stared ahead blankly, and instantly both our moods deflated. "Shit, he won't be of any use in the brains department."

Adams nodded as he stared the doppelganger closely, staring at its various features and whatnot. "Well, perhaps it could make for a convincing faked death if the need should arise?"

I shrugged. "Maybe. Should I, ah, kill it?"

Adams seemed horrified by the thought. "Heavens no! That would surely curse the real me! Let's keep it stored somewhere safe and tell nobody of this. It may be of use in the future."

I nodded, and we sat back down, leaving the clone to stare ahead mutely.

"Alright, now try cloning... ah! This!" Adams handed me a boomstick. I cloned it easily, it functioned perfectly. I even cloned the ammo perfectly too.

"I see now. You don't have to know how something works to clone it, but if you clone something complex, it usually has major flaws. In the case of other sentient beings, they become mute and dumb, plus they become weakened. In the case of your magical artifacts,they look exactly the same, but they lose their magical properties and become normal objects. Hmm, yes, I'm beginning to get a better idea of your abilities as time goes on. We can make use of this."

I nodded. "You tell me what to do, and I'll do it. You just make sure we win."

Adams grinned a huge beaming smile. "We aren't just going to win, we're going to absolutely devastate demonkind forever."
