Part 117:

Diablo and Barbatos stood side by side on Diablo's balcony at the Castle of Terror. Having recently left another boring meeting, they were relaxing and enjoying the view of a pure black sky, with no life visible anywhere around them.

Barbatos broke the silence. "Slayer. He has been a thorn in the side of demons for too long now. Why do we continue to let him exist?"

Diablo stared vacantly at the sky. "I'm not sure. He's a threat, to be sure... but... when it all comes down to it, we demons have really lost our way."

Barbatos blinked slowly and turned to look at Diablo. "I'm older than any living demon, and I'm not even sure of what you mean. When have we ever had it better than we do now?"

Diablo slowly sighed. "Not... 'better'. It's just that we've lost our purpose. I remember when we lived for the thrill of the killing. We used to fight incredible battles for survival, we used to really let go and have a little fun tearing things to pieces, you know? And now that Slayer is here, humanity once again is becoming a threat."

Barbatos nodded. "I see. You are... bored, then?"

Diablo nodded. "I remember the great First Emperor Satan... a terror of a demon, one who ominously stood over all beings around him. Even the archangels grew to fear his destructive power. He was... an inspirational leader."

Barbatos pondered this. "Yes. I evolved after he did, despite being his senior. It was almost amusing, to see a young whelp rise up to become greater than his predecessors. How he was defeated by a little girl... it... it baffles me." Barbatos lowered his gaze as he stared down at the sprawling demonic city below him. "His power is, of course, now second to the current first emperor but... he had many qualities the current one lacks as well."

Diablo nodded. "Well, in the meantime, your plan to unleash those little horrors is working splendidly. Once again, we are outpacing the humans. How do you suppose they will respond?"

Barbatos shrugged. "I still feel vile that we broke Satan's most sacred rule. To destroy that rule absolutely, just so we could toy with humans... have we no shame?"

Diablo chuckled slightly. "Shame? Shame is for the weak, the petty, the righteous. As demons, we can't afford the luxury of shame. We simply exist to win. In the end, with Satan gone, we should start breaking some rules, letting loose a little. What point are the rules if we end up in a menial, tedious existence?"

"You speak the truth. Rules were made to be broken. When we were just little imps running around, all we did was break rules." Barbatos closed his eyes as memories flooded through his mind.

Suddenly, Diablo grew a huge grin. "Hehehe... yes... let's break some more rules. In fact... let's break _all_ the rules."

Barbatos silently stared at the blackness inside his eyes. "You truly are a devil."
