Part 318a:

_June 10th, 2112._

"HAPPY BIRTHDAY!" A chorus of people erupted from all corners of the room and screamed loudly, causing Daisy to jump back in surprise. She recognized most of the fifty or so people immediately. Friends of her uncle's, a few of his military commanders, her friends among the group of Enforcers that she lead in the Third District of London, and of course the various family servants.

"Oh-oh my god! Wow! You guys startled me!" Daisy giggled as her uncle smiled kindly at her from his seated position in his easy chair. He didn't get up much, these days. Her uncle's maid, Jessica, came over holding up a tray with a massive birthday cake. Eighteen candles lined the top, and the cake was in the design of the Britannian flag, as silly as that might have seemed to those present. Actually, Daisy was a very outspoken nationalist and she loved her country greatly, so the flag was only appropriate, even given it was her birthday.

"Happy birthday dear Daisy! Happy birthday to you!" The whole crowd chimed in as they sang the birthday song.

"Make a wish!" Jessica leaned in, holding the cake forwards as Daisy leaned forwards in a blur of motion, blowing out all but one of the candles at once, though she quickly puffed a bit of air out the side of her mouth as she giggled.

"You missed the candle, so that means your wish will be the opposite! I hope you didn't wish to become filthy rich!" Ben Brown chuckled as the young teen blushed at her small error.

It was all in jest though, as Jessica set the cake down, handing the knife over to Daisy. "Birthday girl cuts the cake! Hope you like it, I made it myself."

Daisy sliced into it greedily as she licked her lips. She had a serious weakness for sweet treats, and cake especially fit the bill. "Oh my god, this is cheesecake... with strawberry filling in the center... my favorite!"

Jessica smiled as she kept her professional distance. Despite being Daisy's friend, she was primarily an employee of Stonewall's, so she was always careful to not get too deeply personal with either of the two of them. "Your uncle told me this was your favorite, so I made sure to bake it with care. I hope you like it."

_Plus, this was the most difficult cake I've ever baked. You'd think I'd be better at this._ Jessica kept that thought to herself as she watched the birthday girl slice into the rich, delicious looking cake. Sadly, the cake was too small for all of the guests to have a slice, but she had baked many other goodies in preparation for the occasion. This crowd would be satisfied, no matter what.

Daisy cut up her cake, setting aside one slice that happened to have a whole seedless cherry still embedded in it. "This one is for me, I hope nobody minds!" Naturally, nobody objected to this one little request from the birthday girl.

Daisy glanced over at her uncle, as she held up a slice of cake. "Uncle Vasily! Do you want a slice? It's really g-..." She paused, as she watched her uncle swallow some pain pills, his hands shaking slightly as he lifted a glass of water to his mouth. A few seconds later, he swallowed them all in one gulp, as he shook his head silently.

_Right. He can't have sweets. Doctor's orders. Sugar increases the replication rate of the nanobots..._ Daisy suddenly felt a chill wash over her body. _That was selfish of me. Of course he feels left out, and I just taunted him with sweets without thinking. I'm the worst._

Ben stood nearby, watching the young girl carefully as her face darkened and her smile evaporated. "Daisy, is something the matter?"

The people around her milled about, serving themselves sweets and other such things as they pleased, but Ben stayed to the side, ignoring the plethora of food. He noted with disdain that none of them had even noticed the sudden change in mood from the birthday girl.

"No, Exalt. It's nothing." Daisy forced a smile as she quickly went back to serving slices of cake to the people around her.

Ben stared silently at the young girl. _I hope Stonewall was wrong when he spoke to me earlier. He'll have to have the talk with her later. Let us pray it is mere speculation._

Daisy sighed contentedly as she held her stomach. Sitting down in her cute little recliner, she plopped down next to her uncle as Jessica banged and bobbed around in the kitchen, cleaning up the leftovers and dishes the party-goers had left behind.

"Are you feeling okay, Uncle Vasily? Tired at all?" She reached over and put her hand on his as she smiled sweetly. Her uncle was, of course, her most beloved person in the world. Her rescuer, the one who had given her the ability to live her life as she pleased without fear of reprisal. He had broken her shell down and introduced her to the joys of living, even if he never could be a true replacement for her deceased parents.

If there was one thing she knew, it was that she loved her uncle, very dearly.

Stonewall coughed quietly as he raised a trembling hand up to his sunken eyes. His eyes were pure white now, all the color having been eaten away by the nanobots over the last year or so. Visible dark lines extended all over his body. Aggressive magnetic and electric pulse treatments had done little to slow the crawl of the cancer in his body, but it had wreaked havoc on his physical appearance, giving his skin a sort of ashen look to it, almost a ghostly appearance. The texture of his skin too... it was always sort of _damp_, as if he was constantly sweating. This meant that even a slight breeze could give his entire body a deathly wind chill and send him into an asthmatic attack.

"Da. Am feeling great, my sweet niece. Are your studies going well?" Stonewall smiled slightly, lying through his teeth. Daisy, of course, could read his mind if she so chose, but ever since the last time she had done that and ran off to her room sobbing, she didn't try to do it anymore.

Daisy played along, pretending with the acting ability of an Academy Award nominated actress that she wasn't at all saddened by her uncle's appearance. "My studies are going well, as you know. I'm a straight A student! I've also managed to reduce crime in my district by over twenty-four percent!"

"Is good, very good. I am glad to hear." Stonewall swallowed quickly as he felt a cough coming, the effect simply making the cough erupt through his nose as he squeezed his eyes shut in pain. Wheezing and gasping, he jerked his hands up to his mouth as snot erupted from his nose all over his hands.

His ashen face turned rosy red as embarrassment washed over him. He quickly pulled his hands away from his face and grabbed a towel beside his chair as he wiped his hands and face down.

Daisy stared at him in horror, though she tried mightily to keep her expression neutral. She had never seen him lose control like this before. He was a proud man who had never allowed himself to be seen in any sort of humiliating light. Image was everything to him. For him to be like this... his condition must have been getting worse.

"Uncle... have you been administering the pulses every four hours?" Daisy flicked her eyes over to the small box beside his chair. With two arm straps, the goal was to zap the body with several short bursts of energy to try and short some of the nanobots out.

Stonewall shook his head as he put the towel down again beside his chair. "No. Doesn't do shit, anyway. Whole thing is waste of time, hurts for no reason."

Stonewall stared ahead at the wall, unable to look his niece in the eyes after showing such a moment of weakness. Finally, he blinked and sighed. "Please stop the staring. Is very rude, you know."

Daisy quickly averted her eyes. "S-sorry. I didn't mean to... I didn't... mean to..."

Stonewall chuckled quietly, causing Daisy to cock her head in confusion as she turned back to him. "Is funny, really. I am old man, you know? I don't have much time left, my sweet niece. But this day is important for you, so I tried to be strong. Now I've made mess of everything again."

Daisy felt her eyes beginning to tear up. "Don't talk like that. It's just a birthday, it's not even that important. Besides, we don't even know my real birth date anyway. You're more important than some party, Uncle Vasily. You shouldn't push yourself... just for my sake."

Her uncle laughed dryly, his voice weak as it began to crack. "Is true, I guess. We just made up birthday because of day I adopted you... is no real meaning to it." Stonewall shifted his eyes over to his niece, as she dabbed at her eyes with her shirt's shoulders. "Daisy, I have important thing to talk about with you. It cannot wait, since we are on borrowed time as it is."

Daisy felt her stomach flip flop. "D-don't talk like that! You're going to be okay!"

"Hm? No, no my dearest. Am not referring to my life, am referring to yours. I have had suspicion, for long time now, about your abilities, and am filled with worries about them."

"My abilities? What about them?" Daisy felt her sadness disappear as her uncle's eyes betrayed something... different. _Fear._ Something about his tone of voice... this was a serious conversation. "Is there something I need to know?"

Her uncle swallowed as he turned to stare ahead at the TV. A newscaster was discussing the latest robo-bowl projections for who might take the gold this year. "Many things, to be honest. But first, I have philosophical question you must answer."

Daisy nodded as he continued to speak. "You know of Judicator, correct? Jason Hiro is his real name."

His niece smiled slightly. "Yes. I've spoken with him."

Stonewall jerked his head over to look at her again. "You have? When? I do not recall of this meeting."

Daisy blushed as she realized she had never explicitly talked to her uncle about Jason. "Ah, actually, he sort of... rescued me from the labyrinth. Not the Exalt." Her cheeks burned hot red as she quickly met her uncle's eyes. "I'm sorry! I didn't mean to lie about that day! He just asked me to keep our meeting quiet!"

Stonewall shrugged slightly, the movement making him wince as a spasm of pain shot up his back. "Is not big deal. In fact, it makes this question easier. Tell me, what do you know of him?"

"Not much, I guess. He has powers like I and the Enforcers do... he's a time traveler... he seemed nice enough from what I remember of him..."

"As expected." Stonewall nodded as he continued to speak. "Do you know of what the heroes are? Have you heard of them?"

"Sort of. I err, have heard about them from... various people." Daisy tapped her fingers together as she avoided the mention of Marie's name. Best not to mention that unless she had to.

"Da. Again, is expected. Their secrets are closely guarded." Stonewall glanced over at the viewscreen again. "Computer. Close doors. Level red lockdown, this room only. Activate the interference field."

The doors to the room moved of their own volition, closing shut quickly, without slamming as several layers of locks clicked into place. A soft red light appeared in the room, though no audible alarms sounded off.

"This matter is very secret. You understand, of course? No speak of this to anyone. _Anyone._ "

Daisy nodded as she swallowed carefully. Her uncle had only ever done this twice in her life that she could remember, and both times it was to discuss privately various things with a certain silver-haired man. Given he wore an energy nullifier at all times, Daisy had never been able to read his mind or deduce his identity, but she knew he was someone extremely important to her uncle's behind the scenes shadow government.

Stonewall turned back to his viewscreen. "Computer, authorization code Stonewall-Silver-four-eight-one-five. Display all files on Type Three Energy candidates."

A massive number of files appeared simultaneously on the viewscreen before them, the sheer number of things onscreen making it impossible for Daisy to focus on anything.

Stonewall stared carefully at the screen for a moment, his eyes flicking from here to there. "Display files on Jason Leonardo Hiro. Filter to only documents pertaining to his known abilities."

Daisy stared in wonder as several new reports began to play silently in the background, their captions indicating the many incredible things he had done. "Wow, he seems incredible."

"Da. Incredibly dangerous. Is why I dismissed him from Earth's defense. One who can destroy planet without authorization is one I am not able to trust. End of story." Stonewall flicked over to some images of various scenes. "He terraformed Mars. He can teleport and create portals to other parts of the universe, as well as other dimensions. He can fire massive energy beam that shreds capital class spaceships. He created indestructible hypersuits and dartfighters. He has destroyed entire planet. And... he can time travel. Most importantly though, he appears to be immortal, but without use of nanobots."

Stonewall turned and eyed his daughter knowingly. "He is unstoppable. We have no defense against him. He has entire army of clones, each one able to destroy a planet by themselves. Even if we were able to take him down, capture him, or kill him, one of his clones would just take his place. We have no countermeasure against a demon of such power, even if he calls himself 'hero'."

Daisy nodded slowly. "Why are you telling me this, uncle? You're not usually so chatty."

"Is important to put in context. Daisy, tell me this. What would happen if Jason was not immortal? What if he had died of old age?"

Daisy stared at her uncle blankly. "I... don't know?" She glanced at the screen uneasily. "Uncle Vasily... I... about heroes..."

Her uncle cocked an eyebrow. "Hmm?"

"I was in the labyrinth when Jason saved me and... well, while I was captured, there was a woman. Her name was Marie... I think you might know her."

Stonewall's jaw tilted downwards slightly as he struggled to maintain his frame. "Marie Becker. You spoke with her... in the labyrinth?"

"Yes."

"I see." Stonewall kept his expression neutral. Daisy could simply read his mind if she wanted to know what rage was floating around in his mind, but of course she wouldn't do that. She was a good girl. "Continue."

"...Marie told me about heroes, and how their power transfers and gets stronger over time. She also told me about the... human experiments..." As Daisy mentioned this, her uncle lowered his pure white eyes slightly as a feeling of guilt and shame overtook him.

"Da. Human trials... very messy. You were one of those tested, of course."

"Right. I've heard the regret in your mind, Uncle Vasily. I'll never hold my trials against you. It gave me the power I needed to become strong and independent."

Stonewall suddenly sat up straight in his chair. "Daisy. Daisy... about... about the trials..."

Usually so calm and collected, her uncle found it difficult to speak for some reason. Daisy was quick to pick up on this. "What is it? What's wrong?"

He tapped his fingers on the chair nervously. "Is why I wanted to speak with you tonight. It is about your abilities... and Jason Hiro... remember how I asked you what would have happened if he had died of old age?"

Daisy nodded. "Yes. What about it?"

"Well, when you were injected, you acted like no other human had before to the type 3 energy. No woman had ever survived an injection... but you not only survived, you gained many incredible powers, and continue to gain more all of the time."

Daisy blinked slowly. "Are... are you saying that... there's something more to me? To my abilities?"

Stonewall quickly raised a hand up. "I am not sure. Anything could be the case. Perhaps you were just lucky. Perhaps you were injected with more potent energy. Perhaps you have special gene in blood that made the injection extra effective. I do not know."

Her uncle smiled sadly, as he stared his niece in the eyes. "I believe, however, that you were to be next hero. Jason would have died in this timeline, and you would have gained incredible powers. Because of his arrival, everything changed. But the thing is... a heroes' powers activate on their 18th birthday. We do not know when your birthday is, your real one. You might become most powerful hero in existence, if this were to keep up. You must be careful, my sweet niece. For your sake, and the world's sake."

Daisy felt her hands trembling. "If Jason isn't supposed to be here, in this timeline, but because of his appearance we ramped up the human trials, and we injected myself with type 3 energy, but I was already going to be the next candidate... then..."

"The stress could kill you." Stonewall felt a lump in his throat as he said this. He didn't want to say it, but it might be the truth. Best to simply get it out there.

Daisy's shoulders slumped as she sagged into her chair. "Unbelievable. Still, you might be wrong, right?"

"Da. I pray all the days that I am wrong. But then, if you were even more powerful hero, you might be able to stop him. If he became too powerful, you might be able to put an end to his reign. You are secret weapon, possibly, against his monstrous unchecked power."

Daisy turned and stared at the viewscreen, her eyes settling on an image of Jason's face from when he was younger. _If he becomes evil, it will be my responsibility to put an end to him. I see now. My uncle is scared for me, but if this is why I was born... this is just._

"Thank you, Uncle Vasily, for trusting me with this information. I won't let you down." Daisy grinned at her uncle, feeling a sense of relief wash over herself. _Everything is going to be all right, then._

Stonewall returned the smile weakly, his trembling hands reaching over to grab his water glass, as he accidentally knocked it off the stand. Water spilled all over the floor as he cursed at himself. "Damn! Stupid idiot. Computer, put end to lockdown. Authorization code Stonewall-Silver-one-five-one-six."

He turned back to his niece. "Go and get Jessica. She will clean this up."

"Sure thing, Uncle."

Daisy smiled as she felt a hop in her step. This was good news, not bad news! Everything was going to work out! What could possibly go wrong?
