Part 335a - Alterations

Clarence sat quietly on the bench in his private dressing room as the dull roar of the anxious crowd outside awaited him. Just fifteen more minutes, and it would be time for him to make yet another raucous speech.

He tapped his finger on his knee slowly, as he felt an odd muddled sensation in his mind. The words in his mind seemed to form themselves more slowly than usual, as he debated over what to preach about today. He could probably just autopilot it again, as he had been doing for a long time now. It's not like the idiots would notice anyway.

His finger's motion slowed to a crawl as a familiar shifting of wind made him pause and take notice of a visitor. "Raphael. I see you've come to say hello."

"You've become more perceptive over the years." Raphael smiled kindly as he ambled over, leaning heavily on his staff as he tended to do. "Something on your mind? You seem less energetic these days."

"Oh... you know how it is." Clarence shrugged slightly as he glanced up at the Archangel drawing closer, a strange feeling making him break eye contact after less than a second. "I'm just getting... old. I can't think as clearly as I did even just a few years ago."

"Hmm. Interesting." Raphael kept his voice neutral as he came to a standstill a few feet away, eyeing the human carefully. "You seem to say that a lot lately. Are you certain there's nothing else?"

Clarence chewed on his lip in silence for a moment as he stared at the ground in front of himself. "Well, to tell the truth, I've been thinking about myself a lot."

Raphael waited patiently for a few moments but Clarence didn't elaborate. "Yes, and?"

"I am... a shallow being. All I live for is money. I've been thinking about that for a long time now... money seems so empty, so vacuous. I don't even know why I pursue it."

Raphael nodded very slowly as he narrowed his eyes. "I... see. You're beginning to regret spending all your time and effort getting money, then, is that it?"

"Something like that." Clarence reached up and scratched his chin as he felt unease regarding Raphael's steady gaze. "It's more that I have this platform to really make a difference in our world, and I'm not using it well. Why do the lower proletariat classes still worry about money? We have replicators now, things that can create any object desired using just a bit of fusion energy, which should be unlimited... yet we still worry about money and other such things, perhaps as signs of status. It seems so wasteful. We should move into a more utopian future, even despite the war with the demons."

Raphael cocked an eyebrow and shrugged. "Who can know? Personally, I speak for the angels when I say the war benefits us. It benefits you as well, Clarence. For your work here on Earth, you understand you will be given a prominent position among the angels when you die, correct? You will live forever among us as one who is only slightly below the gods and archangels themselves. You also have the option of using the nanobots, if you should so choose to prolong the pleasures to be found here on Earth. We truly care not what you choose to do, so long as you advance our will."

"I understand." Clarence quickly looked up at the old angel, forcing a smile. "Truly, you have blessed me. I have so many followers now who appreciate my words and wish to hear me speak... I don't know what I would do without you."

Raphael felt his own insincere smile squeeze through as the sides of his mouth curled up slightly. "It is entirely because of your own ability and nothing else. The people simply love you for what you preach. Just keep preaching it, and all will be well."

Clarence glanced down at his old fashioned watch, standing up quickly as he realized it was time again. "Alright, I'm off now. Wish me luck."

"You, of all people, have no need for such a thing as luck." Raphael's smile faded slightly as he turned and walked away from the dark skinned human.

Truly, this human would become a thorn in his side sooner rather than later.

Clarence sighed slowly, pulling himself up from the bench with great deliberation, as he walked forwards to the door that would lead him to his faithful followers.

Amy and Sarah stared excitedly up at the platform, both of them feeling quite heated thanks to the ambient temperature in the room. With two hundred thousand other people all packed into the massive stadium, in the bleachers as well as on the floor, it had to be fifteen degrees hotter than the outside world. The air conditioners in the stadium, as advanced as they were, just couldn't keep the room cool enough to mitigate the heat produced by all these walking ninety-eight degree radiators babbling at each other.

Sarah, particularly, seemed very excited by this preacher. "He's so handsome! He might be fifty, but he looks thirty! And he has all of that energy too!"

Amy agreed with her daughter about his good looks, but... it was something about his message. It just appealed to her on a primal level. "Let's not forget about what he's saying. Peace is important, Sarah. We need to make peace with the angels, and keep fighting the demons."

"Yes, I know that much!" Sarah started to say something else but paused as the crowd once again quieted down, almost by instinct. Apparently, it was time.

A few seconds passed, and finally the curtain opened up as Clarence walked onto the stage. Amy squinted, noticing he seemed to be less exuberant than usual. He wasn't smiling like he usually did, and instead seemed to be faking his happiness. "My children! I am pleased to see you all." His voice was more muted than usual, and it seemed to have a strange edge to it.

Still, the crowd roared with delight at his words. Sarah didn't seem to notice his behavior was any different from normal, but Amy felt unnerved.

"Today is an important day! This marks the twenty-fifth anniversary from when I started my journey to rebuild my life! Two and a half decades ago, I was a broken, hollow man. I owned nothing, and lived in squalor. I did drugs, and smoked, and committed many relatively minor sins, but all of that changed one day, shortly after my twenty seventh birthday. I was in a parking lot, staring at a man and his wife, as well as their two children. I was moved by how well dressed they were and by how happy they seemed. I began to pay attention to them, since they seemed to frequent the place I was living at on a regular basis to obtain various goods."

"The man's name was Samuel, and I found this out when I approached him one day and decided to finally gather up my courage and speak with him. As it turned out, he was a man of the cloth, one who still believed in the old ways of following the bible. Precious few people seemed to think as he did, and he lived in relative stability with his family, the last percent of Earth who still believed in the power of God to transform their lives into something more meaningful... something that held more value than a mere mortal existence. Samuel believed that he was here for a purpose, and that purpose was to fulfill God's will by living a clean, wholesome life."

Clarence paused for a second, his unusually soft voice cracking as some emotion seemed to overtake him for a moment. He continued after taking a breath to compose himself. "This revelation changed me. It's cliched, I know... but Samuel showed me the light, allowing me to improve my life and gain the respect of so many today."

The crowd started to cheer, but Clarence hushed them as he held his palm up. "No... no, save your praise. I have thought long and hard, and I have realized... even now, I am still a sinner. I improved my life and became a better person in many ways, it is true, but in the end, old habits die hard. I have preached for the love of money, not for the love of purity. I must admit now to my entire flock that... I am still very much a sinner. I love money, and I love women, and I love booze... and in truth, until recently, I viewed all of the people in this room as my inferiors."

The room fell completely silent as the crowd stared up at their beloved preached in stunned silence. Even Amy and Sarah failed to come up with a mental response to his words.

"I have sinned. Badly." Clarence's shoulder slumped, as he stared around the room with a muted gaze. "It is because of this sin that I must now speak up and heal those who have unwittingly suffered because of my actions. So many of you donate to the church, but you do not realize... every penny goes into my pockets. Very little is related to 'administrative costs'. We are not oppressed by the government, nor have we ever been. Everything about me is a sham. I am... a fraud."

Clarence's voice caught again as he stared out at the faces of his flock. Their expressions told the story he knew they would... disappointment. Sadness. Betrayal.

He started to speak again, but the crowd suddenly roused themselves, as a familiar presence was felt behind himself.

"Clarence. What do you think you're doing?" The archangel Raphael stood behind him, his cane nowhere in sight, as his wings were spread out in all their full glory. He must have appeared via teleportation directly to the stage. His voice was barely a whisper, only Clarence could hear what he had said.

Clarence narrowed his eyes to a slit. Was this perhaps... fear? Did the archangel fear the power this mere human held?

"Something I should have done a long time ago, Raphael. You have used me for too long. I understand now, what a danger you present to humanity. You are not our savior, but our instrument of destruction!" Clarence spoke into the mic as he swiveled around and pointed directly at Raphael.

"You are the true evil on this world! You take the energy of humanity, using us as mere cattle for your own selfish ambitions! In front of all my followers, both on the stage and broadcasting to the world before us now, I say to you, Archangel Raphael... _you_ are the devil, not Satan!"

Clarence had hardly finished speaking when Raphael's eyes were filled with a terrible rage, something silent one might only see by gazing directly into them. "Fool. You have made a grave mistake, angering the gods." In the blink of an eye, Raphael pulled a sword out from behind himself, lunging forwards with an uncanny speed, as he impaled Clarence straight into the center of his heart.

Clarence gasped, his vision becoming unsteady, as Raphael yanked it back out with the quickest of movement, a look of loathing on his face. "A pity. You had such potential."

The preacher took a step backwards, as blood gushed from the wound. A second later, his vision faded to black, as he fell deep into an abyss far beyond his comprehension.

As he fell to the ground, the stadium was filled with fear and confusion. Amy and Sarah gawked in horror at how the man they had begun watching only a short while ago lay dead before them, his blood pooling all around his body as his heart gave its last, weak jolt.

The archangel's voice suddenly boomed out from all areas of the stadium, as he raised his hands to the sky. "Children of god, hear me now! I am the Archangel Raphael, known as the wisest of my people! This man, Father Clarence, lived a just and holy life! However, in the end, he was found to be collaborating with the demons, and sought to turn against us, pitting their powers against ours! As you must have guessed by now, I had to kill him before he could complete this plot. Even now, the demons await his signal to attack. With his final act of terrorism averted, we must move forwards, not by forgetting the goodness of his life, but by washing away his sin with this final sacrifice."

As the archangel spoke, that strange feeling entered Amy and Sarah's mind as they both nodded numbly, the two of them not quite understanding what had just transpired. Still, the angel's words _did_ make some sense.

Amy knew that the angels absorbed the energy of humans to sustain their own lives, but Clarence had clearly fallen to the side of the demons in the end. The angels might need to be a tad unscrupulous, but the demons were clearly worse. Terrorism and violence was their forte. Yes, indeed, this was the case. Amy knew the archangel wasn't lying. Clarence was bad. He was a secret messenger of evil. He was the enemy.

Raphael continued to speak as the crowd leaned in more intently to listen to his words.

_Perfect. Humans give us this fanatical energy, which we in turn use to subtly influence their minds. A perfect cycle of enrichment that will enable our kind to flourish. Zeus's ability to use magic truly knows no bounds._

He smiled, as the crowd began to nod along once more. A new preacher would be required... but perhaps this time, one who would be a little easier to _control_.

I walked along with my clones, gawking at the massive crater left behind by the nuclear device. Far in the distance in all directions, hallways broken and shattered could be seen, as a huge spherical section of the labyrinth several miles in diameter had been blown. It would ordinarily be quite hard to see, given there was no natural light in the labyrinth, but I had cast 'Light' some time ago and we were walking around as if it were a sunny day in this section.

Sensei and I had taken our helmets off as we walked around. The nuke we had used was a 'clean' nuke, one with little to no radiation. We were in no danger, and with all the enemies gone, it had been a depressingly easy day of crushing the leftover enemies. Despite the clean sphere left over from the nuke, hundreds of miles of hallways had debris blasted around inside their corridors, making it nearly impossible for anyone to come out and fight us.

As I had those thoughts, a skeleton charged at me. I barely blinked as his sword smashed against my Hypersuit, snapping in half. A second later, I punched backwards, shattering it in a single blow as the undead creature fell to shards behind me.

"Sensei, how powerful would you say we are compared to the demonic threat?"

He pauses as he thoughtfully taps on his lip. In the distance, I hear the sounds of a small scuffle that come to a rapid end as two of my clones kill several orcs in the span of a few seconds. "Tough to say. I don't really even know what the demons are, honestly. There seem to be actual demons, but also monsters like goblins and skeletons and whatnot. Not a single one of the monster variety has posed the slightest challenge to us, but the demons are quite a bit more powerful. I suspect they might be biding their time though, waiting before they attack us. They're still sizing us up."

I nod at his assessment. The first generation clones had fought in many battles that even I hadn't. They had faced off against demons, monsters, and Volgrim on several occasions when I was occupied with other things. He likely knows things that even I don't.

"Satan is extremely powerful, but he might be an outlier. I defeated Bael rather easily. I know that Belial is quite strong... really though, unless they're holding back, Satan seems to be the cream of the crop. I can't see any of them being a real challenge other than him."

Sensei pauses, as if to contemplate something. "It's funny you say that. Satan can't be that tough. Certainly, he's powerful, but we have the ability to bend reality. Beyond that, you have thousands of clones. Considering how he fared against your Hypersuit when you... temporarily passed on... it seems likely that several of us at once would be easily able to defeat him. This would mean..." My clone pauses as he slowly tilts his head up to stare at the distant ceiling of the labyrinth. "...The future has already been changed. We must be in a different timeline. If we were somehow already a part of our original timeline, then Satan and all of the demons would have been easily killed by us. There's simply no way at the rate we're already progressing that the demons can't be exterminated. It's just too easy."

"Let's not get cocky now." I chide him gently, but I'm having the same misgivings. He's right, after all. I keep having these doubts, but there's no question to it. The future is being altered. We're making progress. "Anything could happen."

Sensei smiles, as his eyes rove across the distance. "Funny you say that. We have a visitor. Two, actually."

I follow his gaze and feel my teeth clench involuntarily. Standing silently, staring at the two of us, are Satan and Marie.

Marie... it's been a long time. Well over a hundred years, as a matter of fact.

Considering it's over a mile away, I decide to simply teleport over to them, as does Sensei. We arrive several feet away from them, keeping our distance.

"Look who's here... the titular Hero himself." Marie smiles pleasantly at me, hiding her opinions perfectly. "Hello, Jason. I see you've really had some fun here."

"Marie." I acknowledge her presence with a single word, grinning tightly as I suppress my distrust and unease. "It's been a long time. How did you like the present I left you, the last time we met?"

Marie chuckled. "The cadaver was very clever. You had us bamboozled for years. We only began to understand what had happened after you made your appearance at the WCN. Once we realized that strange suited man was a Candidate, it became apparent it was you. A shame it took us so long, we might have been able to prevent the destruction of the Americas."

"You know damn well it was your fault all those people died. Besides, you're awfully chatty today." I glared at the beautiful redhead, who shrugged innocently.

"I'm just a poor lady who got sucked up in all of this. It's not my fault that you men are always busy swinging your codpieces around, having stupid contests with each other."

Satan grimaces. "Shut up, Marie. Your acting is starting to get on my nerves too." He rolls his eyes as he tilts his head back to look at me. "You're really pissing me off lately, whelp. Killing my demons, blowing up my labyrinth. You don't seem to think twice about killing anymore, do you?"

I shake my head slowly. "Nope. At least, not when it comes to demons and the Volgrim. I stand with humanity now. I'm going to actively oppose the future that I come from. I can't allow it to happen, no matter what."

"Isn't that _cute_." Satan sneers as his eyes flick around to observe the devastation all around us. "No different from what humans always do. Attack those who are 'different' from you. It used to be about their nation, then it was about their skin color, now it's those of a different species. Humans are such... vile pests."

"You and your demons killed over a thousand people at a resort hotel on Earth. Those people were innocents too, Satan. Don't preach at me from a pedestal when you're one who murders innocents." I bite my lip in frustration as I stare evenly at him. "What did you think would happen next? You can't poke a bear and expect it not to attack. You knew we would counter attack."

"I did." Satan lowers his eyes slightly. "But this was... simply..." For a moment, I almost think I can see a hint of sadness in his eyes, but he flicks them upwards defiantly, as if to spite me. "This was a slaughter. There is no glory, or honor, or sport in using such weapons. Just as when you obliterated Volgarius, you have turned to acts of mass murder."

"Glory? Honor? Coming from the one who murdered hundreds of millions of humans in the American continents..." Sensei speaks up this time, rage in his eyes. "You're a fucking hypocrite."

Marie sighs dramatically. "Now now, boys. Let's calm down a moment. Can't we all just work out our problems? Can't we just talk for a moment? Nobody remembers who started what anymore, but the costs have escalated quite dramatically. Don't we all agree peace is for the best, for all our sakes?"

Satan quickly turns his fiery glare back at her. "Easy for you to say. I have fought for thousands and thousands of years, all for the sake of revenge. Firstly against the angels, and secondly against humanity. I won't give that up so easily for a false peace."

"You sound quite stubborn, then. So long as you fight, I will too." I glare at the hotheaded demon across from me. "If millions, billions, even trillions must die, so be it. I will never allow the demons to prosper. I must eliminate your threat from the universe. You, who speaks from atop a soapbox, as if you have some divine authority to judge my kind. If you won't see the light, neither will I."

Satan chuckles. "I'm not being hypocritical. I never claimed to be the arbiter of moral authority. You, however, did. You once claimed to be a hero, one who fought for justice. Yet you show your true colors now. A godlike figure who seeks to turn all to his own will. I will oppose you, just as I did Kronos, Zeus, and all the other heroes before you."

I stare evenly at the two of them, as they stare back at Sensei and I. This is pointless. So long as he is alive, Satan will never back down. Peace is impossible. Still, though...

"Sensei, you said before that we have already changed the timeline, right?"

I speak to my clone, and he nods at me. "Yeah. That's my working theory, anyway."

"I say it's time for another alteration. This one, for sure, will change the future. It's been a long time coming, too."

Satan and Marie both eye me suspiciously. Marie is the first to respond. "Change the timeline? What are you planning? I think you'll find that we won't go down without a fight so easily."

I nod soberly as I eye the woman up and down. "You're half right. Satan won't, at the least."

She's unarmored, protected only by a short range anti-magic field. I keep my gaze on her without saying anything. From high in the sky, my telekinesis shifts a chunk of the labyrinth's ceiling loose, as it begins its rapid descent towards the target.

"You're a cunning woman, Marie. I can't use telekinesis, or any sort of simple death word on you. You must have figured out my wordsmithing long ago."

She smirks, her suspicions replaced with a false bravado. Just as she starts to speak, the half-ton chunk of ceiling hits her.

It's brutal. The instant it impacts her, her body explodes into a trillion fragments, her lithe frame crushed into oblivion. Every fabric of her existence is crushed and eliminated from this universe in the blink of an eye. Satan takes a second to even notice it, suddenly jerking his head to the side as he gawks.

"Y-you... killed her? A defenseless... woman?"

"I did."

I stare at him coldly as he turns to look back at me in shock. He doesn't seem horrified by her death, or disgusted that I would do such a thing, but rather...

Awe and fear are apparent in his eyes instead. "You're... different. You're not the same as when we last fought."

"I'm not."

He merely nods at my words. "If we fight here, it will be a long protracted battle, but I will surely lose. This round goes to you, Jason Hiro. I commend you for acting so decisively though." He again glances down at the impact crater the debris left behind, blood from Marie's crushed corpse spattered all over the two of us. "She was a pest. Useful, but a pest nonetheless. With her gone, I will begin fighting you in earnest."

I want to tell him that he wasn't allowed to leave and that we were going to end this here, but something told me not to bother. He was a threat, but only a minor one now. We would have another chance soon.

"Take care of yourself, Satan. Don't disappoint me. From one genocidal maniac to another, may the best ruler win."

"Indeed, I will." Satan smiles, as he vanishes an instant later.

I glance down at the bloody mess across from me. With Marie gone, the future will change. How it will change, I do not know, but change it will.

"Sometimes, I wonder about you." Sensei speaks softly, as he averts his gaze from me.

He doesn't understand. Nobody does.