Part 345a - Pokerface

"Humans suck. Ah hope they all die." Torlok grumbled as he sat at the same table as a few of the other demons, the four of them playing a game of poker. He curled his lip in disgust as he looked at his hand and the cards on the table. "Call."

The Animus across from him chuckled as he laid a full house on the table. "You lose, moron! You have the worst poker face of anyone here!" Resembling a black-skinned human, his body was tattooed with various images of gruesome torture and violence. His stature was small and lithe, but he was also deceptively strong. More importantly, he was of relatively high intelligence, even among middle-tiered demons.

"Fuck! Fifth time in a row!" Torlok resisted the urge to smash the table as he shoved his pile of bones over to the other demon. These were mock poker chips they used for betting, but they held no inherent value. Poker was merely one way to stymie the boredom of living in an underground sewer base. "You ain't sneakin' cards up yer sleeve, are ya, Smealum?"

"Don't need to, when you're the worst bluffer this side of the portal." Smealum flicked his nose lightly at Torlok, an insulting gesture that generally was used to represent fornicating with goblins... the ugliest of demons.

"Keh... at least I ain't lookin' like my face is 'sposed to be wiped on toilet paper." Torlok tittered to himself as the other demons at the table roared with laughter at their friendly banter, though Smealum didn't seem to think it was very funny.

After a few moments, Torlok turned to his right. "Yo, Davook. You gonna join us or what? Four demons ain't enough fer a good game o' poker."

Davook, ever the entrepreneurial demon, was grimacing at a small pile of paperwork that sat on the desk in front of him as he read through it carefully. "You doofuses play your stupid games. I've got real work here. Don't you even care about the attacks on our kind?"

Torlok's smile faded away. "Yeah. Like ah said, humans are the worst. They're all so preachy 'n uptight, but in the end they're monsters just like us. Still, ain't much one weak little shadow-walker kin' do about it. Best to just leave it to them demons at the top."

"That kind of thinking won't help us at all. Four nuclear detonations happened in the labyrinth this week. Each time, we were powerless to stop them. We lost billions of good soldiers. If everyone thought like you, we'd all just have to roll over and die."

Davook glanced over at the table of demons playing cards, their smiles and laughter gone now as they all stared vacantly at the bones in front of them.

"Yeah, you're right." Smealum spoke up quietly as he rested his hands on the table, tapping his fingers together thoughtfully. "But like he said, if Satan can't do anything about it, what are we supposed to do? We're just underclass demons. You're the strongest of all of us, Davook, maybe the smartest too... and I doubt even you could go toe-to-toe with one of those suited clones the humans are using. They're just too strong. The nukes are hardly the tip of the iceberg."

Torlok bobbed his head along as he listened. "Can't even hide from 'em. They got those sensors that kin' see us even when we're totally cloaked now. We're just lucky Satan holed us up down in this here sewer."

"Hmm. Indeed." Davook flicked through a casualty report on the most recent detonation. Twenty-five million incinerated in an instant, and the radioactive fallout yield had tripled from the previous attack. The humans were fighting dirty. Sixty million demons had been infected with radioactive particles, something that wouldn't affect the highest ranked demons, given their highly enhanced bodies and upper-level regenerative powers. But the lower demons had no such internal defenses and were wracked with all manner of ailments. "It's a slaughter out there. This isn't even like when we fought the angels. At least we won due to sheer numbers. It was a battle of equals, so to speak. This is completely unfair, like a child with sticks and stones against an adult with a tank."

"Come on, Davook. You should stop reading those reports for a while. They're just depressing you more than you usually are." Smealum reached for the deck of cards and shuffled them absent-mindedly, dealing out five cards to himself and the other three demons at the table. "Sometimes you just need to give it a rest. Take it easy."

"Yeah. You're probably right." Davook set the paper on the table gently as he swept his gaze around the fairly sizable room. A hallway down the back led to their living quarters, while his own room was right off to the side for quick access in case of emergencies. This main room was set up somewhat like a bar, with a big whiteboard for whenever they needed to plan an attack or discuss intelligence given by the demons in command. "Fine, deal me in." Davook sighed as he stood up and sauntered around his desk over to where the other demons sat, pulling a chair out as he eased himself up to a corner, Smealum moving over to make room.

"Now we're talkin'! This gonna be a real good game now!" Torlok grinned widely as Smealum dealt five cards to Davook. "No cheatin' though! I got sharp eyes that even a sneaky shithead like you can't fool!"

"Heh, we'll see about that." Davook smiled and felt his body freeze. Something... something had shifted.

He flicked his eyes around the room. There was a sudden feeling of emptiness in the air, though the others hadn't perceived it yet. It was... it was as if...

Davook quickly stood up, the cards falling from his hand onto the table. Torlok snickered. "Cold feet already?"

"Shut up. I can't sense any energy to the northwest. It might be an anti-magic bubble."

Everyone in the room noted the alarm on his face, as they all quickly stood up. "Humans?" Smealum tried to force a smile but it didn't quite connect. "Th-they can't find us here. We're hidden very well."

"That's not true. Satan warned us that their Supreme Commander has ways of locating anything, if he just knows it exists." Davook blanched as the sensation of emptiness seemed to be moving towards them. "Everyone get to the portal in the back and escape through it. Shut it off until you receive my signal. If you don't receive my signal in five minutes, activate the kill code. Destroy the portal."

"Y-you serious? Alright, boss." Torlok quickly beckoned at the other demons as they all quickly and efficiently made their way to the back. "I'll stay with you, boss. Can't have you hold 'em off alone." Despite his cool and collected words, his voice was laced with fear.

"I can handle them alone. Stay safe, Torlok. You and the others leave." Davook reached to his neck and removed a small pendant, handing it over to the younger demon. "If this light goes out, I'm dead. Whether it does or doesn't, you must continue to destroy the portal in five minutes. You know the drill."

Torlok swallowed as he felt his claws shaking. He reached over and took the small red gem from his boss. "You don't have to stay, boss. You kin' come with us..."

"I can't. If I'm wrong..." Davook felt his heart tremble as the bubble started moving even more quickly towards them. "...never mind, I'm not wrong. Get out of here, dipshit. You're slowing me down."

"Alright, boss." Torlok squeezed his black eyes shut for a moment as emotion overtook him. He quickly straightened himself up and rushed towards the back room, slamming the door behind himself without a second word.

Davook tensed up as he jumped over his desk and yanked a small device out, a single button visible on its surface. "I ain't lettin' them take me alive."

He quickly jumped back over, feeling the bubble was now appearing inside the barrier. _They must be right outside the door. Only moments left._

Quickly, he lifted a couch with his huge muscles and propped it up to shield himself from the main entrance. That was when he heard a faint noise from outside.

A moment later, the door blasted off its hinges as a massive explosion surged inside the room, fire drenching everything in sight. Davook screamed a silent scream as the air was sucked from his body. Losing his focus, he dropped the couch and it slammed into the ground with a deep _thud_. A moment later, he fell to his knees as he wheezed and gasped. _Fuckers. Knew they'd fight dirty._

At that moment, several suited humans burst into the room, wading through the inferno at the front door as if it didn't even exist. Davook felt incredible pain in his body as the anti-magic bubble swept over him, draining all the power in his body in an instant. He fell to the ground as all his strength vanished, as if the gravity in the room had increased a hundred-fold.

"Hostile sighted! Device is in hand!" One of the suited humans quickly tilted his helmet towards Davook, his hand still weakly clutching the button. He tried with all his might to press it, but his body wouldn't respond to his thoughts.

_I was careless._ Davook felt his eyes droop as he waited for the end to come. One of the white-suited humans quickly ran over to him, snatching the device from his hands.

"Not so fast, demon. Seems you're all alone here. One last stand, eh?"

Another human yelled in alarm. "My scanner picked up a massive bomb in the ceiling!"

"Don't worry about it. I bet this is the transmitter right here. He thought he'd catch us in a trap, but it ain't happening today." The human laughed viciously as Davook felt the life leaving his body.

_No... oxygen... can't breathe..._ Davook felt a smile creep across his lips. Even if he couldn't kill the humans, he would die anyway. No intel could be extracted from him, and the fire was already burning up the demon's documents. Humans were so... foolish.

The human nearest him leaned down, his voice tinged with glee. "Bet you think we're gonna let you die, eh, _monster_? You ain't so lucky. Your nightmare has only just begun."

_Bastards._ The world faded away as a single tear made its way down Davook's cheek.

Satan nodded to himself as he appeared to receive a mental communication. Marie watched him with feigned disinterest from a distance as he bobbed his head several times. Then, as if the line had been cut, he turned abruptly to face her. "The humans found our base in London. I was just informed by one of the espers in that district."

"Yet another loss. We seem to be suffering a lot of casualties as of late." Marie fanned her fingers out as she glanced down at her nails. She seemed to be unmoved by their deaths, which made Satan's temper flare up.

"I thought you had this under control months ago. You spoke of technology that would allow us to fight on even footing with the humans, yet the energy weapon defensive matrix technology you gave us isn't enough! We don't have enough of the devices to protect our troops, and even if we did, the nukes are wiping us out in ways we can't defend against!"

"Quite the conundrum." She flicked her eyes over towards him. "It's not my problem though. I didn't promise you anything, the other Marie did. Anyway, I'm working on ways we can fight back. You just have to give me time... quite the interesting development happened recently and I'm working out how to turn it to our advantage."

Satan's anger dissolved slightly as he eyed her coldly. "Development? Explain."

She sighed dramatically as she leaned back against the wall and held eye contact with him.

One interesting fact about this mere human was how little she appeared to fear him. Was it false courage, or did she have a way to neutralize him? He just couldn't be sure.

"Well, I didn't really intend to tell you about it for a while until I had the kinks ironed out... but now's as good a time as any. As it happens, the Marie you know did not die. In fact, she was reincarnated as an angel after death and she managed to escape Heaven."

Satan blinked twice before his face contorted into one of rage. "What?! When did you plan to inform me of this?!"

Marie grimaced at his burst of anger. "Calm down, you obstreperous loudmouth. I intended to tell you eventually. What's more important isn't that she is alive and well, but the contact she met in Heaven and she helped flee from that prison. He will be key to destroying the angels and gods."

Satan calmed down slightly, despite the insult she fired at him, as she always tended to do. Honestly, he wasn't sure why he allowed such insolence, but she _was_ the most interesting human he knew. "Who is he?"

"His name is Clarence, and he used to be the leader of the Church of Retribution. His personality was the driving force behind its resurgence, and the reason the angels have become so powerful as of late." Marie paused dramatically as she winked at him. "And now he's dead. The archangel Raphael killed him."

Satan chuckled. "As it turns out, I know him. I recommended him to Zeus and Gabriel as a way to regain their power. His preaching has done them a great service, and me as well."

For once, Marie was the one to be stunned. "What? You recommended him? Why?"

"Come now, that should be obvious. It's a matter of self-preservation. I hate the gods and the gods hate me... but neither one of us can kill each other right now, and if one of us is killed off by the humans, the other will fall next. It's in our own self-interest to maintain the balance of power we used to have in the old days. I'd rather have them remain a threat to the humans and be able to unite with us against humanity if push came to shove."

"That seems... illogical. The gods will never be able to fight humanity. They will never ally with you, either. Their power is merely an addition to the threat leveled against you. Again, as I said, I have a plan to kill them off, so you had better listen." Marie thought back to what he had said about having the gods boost up the Church. It might have seemed smart to him at the time, but she couldn't see why. He truly was an idiot. "At least by boosting up the church, you've made my plan very likely to succeed."

Satan seemed too annoyed by her constant questioning of his abilities to argue about it, so he simply shrugged as he rolled his eyes. "Fine. Tell me about this plan of yours."