Part 296a

_May 14th, 2101._

"I've led the forces that saved this world a dozen times from the Volgrim! Nobody expected an attack of this magnitude!"

Beatrix grimaced at the brutal barrage she was receiving from the other debaters on stage. She was holding them off the best she could, but everything she was saying was being booed down by the crowd of fifty thousand that crowded around the amphitheater. Despite the best attempts from the judges to keep the crowd silent, they were having none of it.

Stonewall stood silently at his end of the debate podiums while letting another candidate rip into her. Jeremy Reuters was his name, and he was joined by two others, in addition to the incumbent Beatrix and her biggest threat, Stonewall. "That's a lie, Supreme Commander. As recently as three weeks before the attack, a scathing journal entry was published in the North American Times telling of our world's weakness to sabotage inside of our own ranks, as well as how poorly protected our ionized nuclear missiles were. If it wasn't a massive attack via the Earth's own internal forces, it would have been an attack that sabotaged our power grid and left us defenseless! Even now, the Earth Protective Shield is completely offline, leaving us totally open to a barrage from space! How could you ignore all the warning signs?!"

Stonewall stifled a sinister grin at the young man's youthful energy. If Jeremy didn't make an enemy out of the hulking Russian during this final debate, he might have just secured a spot on his top advisory board when this was all said and done.

"I didn't ignore the warning signs, but there weren't enough resources to go around ensuring the safety of all of humanity! And think of the ecological crisis in the South American jungles we were dealing with to top it all off! What I need now is cooperation from our member nations to rebuild and fortify, before the Volgrim attack us again!"

Stonewall decided now was the time to strike. "Hah! Unlike you, if I were Supreme Commander, they wouldn't get a chance to attack again! I will hit them with the full might of Earth's military! I will make them _pay_ for all the deaths they've caused!"

The crowd erupted in cheers at his bravado. Beatrix lowered her eyes, just for a moment, as she realized the inevitable truth; she had lost the will of the people.

Decades from now, scholars would call this the moment that had sealed the rise of Stonewall, Earth's Third Supreme Commander. As the other debaters nodded along with him, seeking to bolster their own positions and knowing they had no chance at beating him anyway (nor a desire to get in his way), Stonewall grinned as the crowd roared its approval.

...................................................................

Beatrix smashed her fist into the table. "Damnit!" Her entire body shook as she watched the news showing her approval ratings after the debate. Five percent. She had lost another five percent after the debate, and now she sat at a record shattering low of 17% approval in total. In contrast, many people rated Stonewall 'very positive' compared even to past military commanders. "He's going to cause a massive all-out war with them, and we won't be able to recover from it. He'll be the death of us all." Beatrix gnashed her teeth as the pompous ass spoke enthusiastically on the news about how the people loved him so much.

As she sat on the couch inside her private quarters, her maid sat in an adjacent chair watching the news. "It's not your fault. Whenever one political party has been in power too long, the people will always seek an alternative, as they begin blaming you for all the wrongs in the world. It happened to you, and it will happen to that man, as well."

Beatrix sighed as she slumped her muscular body back into the couch, kicking her legs out in front of her. "That's the problem, Irene. I don't think there will be a next election. Even if the aliens don't kill us, that power-hungry madman is going to declare himself the World's Emperor or something and seize power forever. Worse, he's effectively immortal now. just as all of us are. If he seizes power, the only end to his rule will be an assassination or him voluntarily ending his rule."

"As if the latter would happen." Irene took a sip of her tea as she munched on a bagel while keeping an eye on the TV. "You can't trust a big dumb man to step down when the time is right."

"Tch. You said it." Beatrix grumbled as she stared at the News on the holo-screen. On the plus side, the rebuilding of the outskirts of London was going well. A lot of people had died during the Christmas Genocide, but eventually, assuming they could get some substantial defenses up, things wouldn't turn out too poorly in the end. At this point, it was most important to focus on the future and not the past.

"What do you think about the angels?" Irene paused sipping her tea to look over at Beatrix curiously. "I mean, those weren't real angels, were they? It seems silly that I'd even ask."

Beatrix nodded slowly. "They were real... I'm sure of it. Judicator left the battlefield early just to go out and find them, according to what Ben Brown told me. And if that's the case, then I have to wonder what kind of relationship a time traveler has with all these aliens, angels, and the... demons..." Beatrix furrowed her brow as she thought about the last group especially. _Demons are real._ It changed so many things. If Stonewall knew about the angels ahead of time, did he already know about the truth behind the demons? More importantly, if those were legitimately demons, and not some sort of mutated Volgrim, what did this mean with regards to the future of Earth's defenses?

Irene stood up, reaching over to the table to grab Beatrix's cup. "Oh. You didn't even touch your coffee. Want me to leave it here?"

Beatrix curled her lip. "No, take it. I can't eat or drink anything right now. I'm too stressed out."

Irene nodded as she took up all the plates and cups in one smooth motion, her decades of being a professional maid showing easily. "All right, let me know if you change your mind. And, my lady, try to look on the bright side."

As she started to walk away, Beatrix snickered. "The bright side, huh? And what might that be?"

As Irene started to walk out of the room, she smiled. "At least from now on, it'll be a man's fault when something goes wrong."

As she disappeared around the corner, Beatrix shrugged. _Yeah, she's probably right. Forty years is a plenty long time, I had a good run. If he ever breaks down in tears and needs my help, maybe I'll toss that lunkhead a bone._

I eyeballed the large Russian man up and down uneasily. This wasn't my first time seeing him in person, but it was the first time I'd ever actually spoken to him, and only the third or fourth time I'd even been within a room's length of him. He was as tall as I was, but seemed three times more formidable in presence alone.

"Mister, err, Stonewall? Nice to finally speak with you."

We were standing outside the London fortress, only a few hundred feet away from its main entrance, in a secured section of the facility. To my side, there was a beautiful marble water fountain, in a shape that looked vaguely similar to one I'd seen many many years ago.

Stonewall leaned heavily on a small metal cane, which was odd given I'd never seen him walking with one before. "So you are Judicator, da? Is the first time we have spoken, if memory serves me right. I am glad that you were willing to meet up with me."

I nod carefully. "Yeah, I mean, based on the news, it looks like you'll soon be the new Supreme Commander. We should be in constant contact before even that day comes, if you, err, ask me."

"Da, is good of you to acknowledge my future ranking. Of course, polls can go any which way and I may not be elected, but..." He held his hands up in a sort of _'who can know?'_ manner. "In any case, I am glad to see that you are not avoiding me."

I shook my head quickly as I felt an itch in my ear. Unfortunately, inside the Hypersuit, scratching my ear would be quite difficult to perform. Best to just ignore it for now. "I worked with Beatrix, just as I worked with Gerald Bonaparte before her, just as I'll work with you. It doesn't matter to me who is fighting for the sake of Earth, so long as they are an ally of humanity, they are an ally of mine."

Stonewall smiled in a sort of masculine manner. "Good words! As expected of the one who has been protecting humanity for almost a hundred years now! Ah yes, I have many plans to work on assuming I take office in three months. But even before then, I have questions to ask of you before that day comes."

"Questions? Go ahead. I'm ready to help." I felt myself squeezing out a smile. Despite how the news portrayed him as a big strongman type, he was actually quite graceful and easy to talk with. It seemed my initial impressions were incorrect.

"Well, first is the question of your powers. Without doubt, you are very powerful man, clearly one who has perhaps power taken right from the angels themselves! I do not wish to pester you with specifics, only to ask if you might help me with some... theory crafting?"

I nodded slowly as my smile began to falter. He knew I had powers? Well, actually, that wasn't very shocking when I thought about it. It probably didn't take a genius to piece two and two together, even Beatrix had figured it out decades ago with the Dartfighters.

"Theory crafting? Go on."

"Well, it is with regards to the Volgrim attack. I plan to launch an assault on their home world as soon as possible. From now on, Earth goes on the attack! We must crush the alien invaders and drive them back, you see!"

I feel my smile completely fade away at his words. Ah, so he's a warmonger. That would make sense. Still, I can't fault him for that. All of humanity is boiling over the top with rage, who can blame them?

"I see. What would you have me do then?"

Stonewall stares at me intently all of a sudden as a small grin creeps over his mouth. "Well, I don't know what powers you have, but perhaps you might help us travel faster through space to their planet? Might it be doable for one such as yourself?"

I nod slowly as I ponder the answer to his question. It probably is doable, but increasing the speed of the ships artificially is likely to bring terrible results. It's certainly not advisable. However...

"Correct me if I'm wrong, Stonewall, but did I not send a few clones with the attack ships from twenty years ago? You were still commander of the space fleet, as I recall."

Stonewall pauses and grumbles to himself for a moment as he stares at the ground, pondering the question. Finally he looks back up, his face showing he's unsure of how to respond. "Ehh, I may have to check the records. I do not recall offhand."

I shrug in response. "Well, on the off chance I did, I might be able to get in contact with my clone. That fleet should be damn close to the alien's homeworld. If it is, perhaps there might be a way to open up a wormhole for instant travel between our sectors?"

Stonewall, a man who had a Masters in theoretical physics, nodded along as he followed my idea mentally. "The creation of that wormhole would seem to be impossible, Judicator, but if it is you who terraformed Mars in just a few minutes... it might be possible, da." He rubbed his chin thoughtfully as he seemed to mull it over. "The problem with wormhole is that if you open it up, the alien menace can attack us through it as well."

I shook my head. "Why bother? They already have their own way of skipping the space-time barrier. They allied with the demons, and as such they can make portals that-" I paused, suddenly realizing I was telling him crazy top secret information.

Stonewall noticed my pausing in the middle of a sentence. "Oops, did you perhaps say something you shouldn't have? Don't worry, _Jason Hiro_, I know more than you might give me credit for. I am not stupid man." He put heavy emphasis on my name, which turned my blood cold for a moment as I took a step back.

"How do you know my name?"

Stonewall grinned deeply as he closed the slight gap I had just put between us, reaching over to grip my arm. "Is no worries. I know you, and you know me. I am not foolish leader like Beatrix, who never questions anything. I trust no-one, as I'm sure you don't either. We are smart men, da?"

I nodded silently as I felt my breathing sharpen. _He knows about me, and the demons, and the angels... possibly for a long time now. How does he know so much?_

Releasing my arm, Stonewall went back to leaning heavily on his cane as he turned to walk away. "Was good talk. I hope to speak with you in future, _Judicator._ "

As he ambled off, I managed a hollow 'good-bye' as I felt my throat tighten quickly. Maybe I was wrong. This guy knew a lot about me, what else might he know?

Next time I spoke with him, perhaps some mind-reading was in order.

Sighing slowly, I asked Harold to teleport me back up to the Mothership. He was all too quick to oblige.