Part 031:

"Can they all do that?"

I spoke to Hoarhiim. Amelia and I were standing back quite a ways from the door, as Kar was about to heave it open with his brutal power.

"Can who do what?" Hoarhiim didn't catch the gist of what I was asking.

"The lizardmen. Can they all grow taller like that at will?" I pointed at Kar. "He's humongous. It doesn't seem physically possible to grow that big from such a small body."

"It's a defense mechanism." Blaarjiim interjected. "All lizardmen can do it, they've been doing it for thousands of years. They made their bodies smaller through magic so that they could live inside much smaller places. They dig into the walls of the Labyrinth and evade the usual routes that the hallways take. Because of this, they are the most reclusive denizens of this place."

Hoarhiim nodded. "Lizardmen also gained the ability to shift between their forms at will. Each form has its own fighting benefits. When they are small, they move extremely fast, and are very hard to hit with an attack. But when they are big, they become much stronger and more resistant to attacks."

I nodded. "I underestimated them. I will try not to do that to any other resident of this Hell ever again."

Kar pushed on the door, digging his feet into the ground. The door shifted noticeably. My heart leaped for joy but then settled back down. While I was excited to see what was in that room, I also worried about it. If there was something terrifying in there that was being sealed for a reason, perhaps I shouldn't let it out.

I glanced downwards, at the souls of the humans floating in the river of acid and fire. This was Hell. It had to be. I must have died in that cryopod, and everything I'm experiencing now will eventually lead to my soul being reaped. I will eventually end up down there with them as well. Perhaps whatever is behind this door is the final judgement for me. Perhaps this is my own Pandora's Box that I am opening up.

The air began shaking. I was confused for a second, then I looked up. Kar was heaving on the door with all his might. His mouth was open, like he was screaming, but I could hear nothing. I could feel the air vibrating, however. A quick glance at Amelia made me realize she was wincing in noticeable pain. "Amelia? Are you okay?" I tried to speak but the words did not come out. Or rather they did, but whatever was making the air vibrate, it was seemingly drowning me out.

Using the intuition gained from Solomon's Crown, I deduced that Kar was screaming a warcry to bolster his strength, and the sound was at an insanely high frequency that I couldn't even hear. I could only vaguely sense it through the vibrations all around me.

Kar heaved with all his might, suddenly, once the outer edge of the right door that he was pressing on cleared the inner edge of the left door, the door swung open and he fell forwards and collapsed on the ground. Amelia and I raced up behind him, and suddenly a chill went down my spine.

This was a mistake. This was a big mistake.
