Part 006:

The adrenaline rush as my body trembles in terror eventually winds down, once I realize the footsteps are no longer audible behind me. Slowing to a tentative walk, I stare ahead into the corridor, always shining my flashlight forward, aside from when I check behind myself for jump-scares.

The first thing I begin to realize is that I'm very subtly descending downward. Indeed, conventional logic would imply that to escape this place, I must head upward, to the outside sky, but I don't have much of a choice in the matter. In fact, not only is the floor gently sloping down, but it's also curving to the left, though I wasn't sure at first as the change was somewhat gradual.

After I gather my bearings, I continue walking down the sloping corridor, wondering all the while if I will ever see anything besides these dark, earthen walls. I pause eventually, as I notice that the humming sound has grown more noticeable, but I still don't hear the monster following me.

My flashlight sputters slightly, and I sigh as I reach for the crank. Just as it goes out, I pause, noticing a faint light up ahead. Squinting, I take a few steps forward and confirm that yes, in fact, there is a light somewhere at the end of this damned corridor. This realization fills me with hope, as well as dread. One does not merely create light in a place like this without belonging to some ancient horror.

Despite the lack of light around me, I press on, creeping forward slowly. My flashlight would probably reveal my presence if there's _something_ up ahead. I'd prefer not to expose myself to a different monster, even as I escape the first.

The light grows brighter as I carefully tiptoe down the hallway, and soon it's bright enough that I can easily see all around myself. My body is coated in fluid from the cryo-chamber, but it's begun to dry and harden into millions of sticky white flakes. I'll be lucky if I ever feel clean again.

The room where the light is pouring from is just through the doorway up ahead. I lean around the corner and peek with one eye, and what I see takes my breath away.

Three colossal statues, standing at least a hundred feet tall, tower over everything else in the room. I almost cry when I realize they aren't chiseled into the likenesses of monsters, but into figures of human men.

Each statue is against a different wall, and all three of them are unique, holding different poses.

The first is a man with a long beard. A crown rests atop his head, and while the crown may be the same drab grey as the person it rests upon, bumps and dots line it, indicating it was a crown with many jewels studded inside. The man wears many layers of robes, each piled atop the other, and a long staff with a jewel is in his grasp, held proudly, as if he were going to cast a spell with it. To describe him, I would say he was a wise leader, someone who was fair and just. No evil escaped his gaze, but no righteousness went unrewarded either.

The next statue is of a man holding a mighty sword, both hands grasping its handle, the sword pointed out from his body, as if at any moment he could leap into action and cut his foes down. His expression is grim. He has seen many battles in his lifetime, and I can tell from the way the statue was carved that he was a feared warrior among his people. Some kings order their men from the rear flanks, while others lead the charge.

The final person is different. His arms hang limply at his sides, and his head is bowed, eyes closed. Tears, or perhaps drops of blood, roll down his cheeks. This man gave everything he had and fought to the end, but it wasn't enough. A closer glance reveals a necklace hanging from one of his hands, barely wrapped around one of his fingers. He died before his time was right, and now his likeness is frozen forever in memory of his final thoughts, _I wish I had done more._

The statues aren't the only thing in the room. Gold coins are piled in the center of the room, mounds and heaps as far as I can see. If I weren't in a dark, festering hell, I might be tempted to call it the wealth of El Dorado. Amidst the gold, I spot weapons, armor, and even jewels.

But despite the incredible sights to behold, all of it pales in comparison to the final object that catches my gaze. The incredibly brilliant source of light that illuminates the entire room.

An orb rests atop a small, nondescript alter. A light not unlike that of the sun shines forth from it, reflecting off the gold and creating a dazzling display to draw my eyes to it.

The light isn't a static thing, like a lightbulb, but _alive_, coursing with energy. The humming that I've been feeling, without a doubt, emanates from it.

Slowly, I step toward it, my eyes darting around, looking for enemies and threats. None appear. As I approach, I spot, of all things, a wooden sign erected before the orb. That moonspeak is written on it as well, but this time, there is only one set of characters, written a single time.

パワー

What do they mean? Are they a warning? A threat? Perhaps even an invitation?

As I stare at the orb, a sudden chill rushes down my back. Behind me, just around the bend I came from, a scratching sound, like a foot scuffing pavement, makes my breath catch in my throat.

Something _did_ follow me.

Is this where I die?
