Part 157:

"You've got some explaining to do."

Lucifer started off the conversation on a sour note, but it couldn't be helped. They were outside now, in a secret, quiet area, where they could speak privately.

Satan nodded sagely as he stared at his third in command. _This one is dangerous, I can't shut him up the quick way, and even if I could, it would create too many questions. I'll just have to outwit him._ Satan quietly mused to himself on how best to rectify the situation.

"You want some explanations, hm? What would you have me explain?"

Lucifer stifled the urge to roll his eyes. _Great, he's going to try and pretend he has no idea what I'm talking about._ "The dark dragon, Leviathan. Why have you hid his existence from us? Why have you not fulfilled his wish and dug him out? Surely he would be a mighty ally on the battlefield."

Satan grimaced in a quiet inner part of his boiling inferno of a soul. _This idiot, he doesn't understand anything. I'll have to teach him._

"Lucifer, I want to play a small mental exercise game with you. Let's say that instead of hiding knowledge of the dark dragon, I came and told everyone how I truly learned to evolve. What do you suppose would have happened?"

Lucifer paused as he played the situation in his head. "I suppose we would have gotten to work digging him out. It only makes sense."

Satan visibly rolled his eyes. "All right, that's part _one_, what comes afterwards?"

Lucifer paused. "He, ah- the Great Dragon, I mean, would rule over us?"

Satan rubbed his forehead. "You can't be serious. Are you that naive? You think the mighty dark dragon, the most fearsome monster on the side of darkness, would be some benevolent ruler?"

Lucifer, not one to be shaken easily, turned his head away awkwardly. "W-well, when you put it like that..."

"Yes, exactly. That dragon would likely either completely ignore us, or maybe, much more likely, devour or kill us all. That dragon is the most fearsome kind of monster." Satan gesticulated as he explained, and Lucifer nodded slowly, finally getting the bigger picture.

"But still, aren't you playing with fire? You're going to get burned. That dragon would have soon realized nobody was digging down to free him."

Satan sighed heavily, as he sat on a nearby rock. "Lucifer... I have led our people for almost a century now. A hundred years. Leviathan is a cunning and insightful monster. He knows nobody is coming to dig him out. And since that is the case, since it could not possibly take a hundred years to free him, why do you suppose he has not killed me?"

Lucifer also sat down, his face a mix of confusion and doubt. "Because he feels... lonely?"

Satan waved his hands up in the air. "Not the _exact_ word I was thinking of, but close enough. That dragon told me he had been trapped there, all alone for generations. He's not exactly lonely, but he most certainly enjoys speaking to someone. If he were to eat me, or kill me, he would have essentially no chance of ever escaping."

Lucifer nodded. "I... see. My lord... I have misjudged you. I thought you did this all for your own gain but... clearly you are wiser than I."

Satan carefully hid a smile behind his hands as he leaned the front of his face in his hands, which rested on his knees. _This youngling is more of a fool than I expected. The story was certainly convincing, but to believe it so readily... he would be a detriment to have as my third or even second in command._

"Indeed, young one. Never forget, by keeping that dragon enslaved to me, I was able to keep stealing his power to benefit our people. And while you did betray a sacred trust among our people, I am willing to forgive you, under one condition."

Lucifer stopped staring vacantly at the ground and glanced back up to his beloved leader, admiration once again in his eyes. "Of course! It is only just that I should redeem myself!"

Satan felt a cackle rumble up inside him, which he again stifled. _To be young is to be foolish, as they say._ "I have a mission I need completed. To be honest, now that you are a mighty darkwalker who is invisible in the shadows, yet powerful enough to fight even a high ranked god, you are the only one who could ever complete this mission."

Lucifer nodded eagerly. "Of course! Anything! Please tell me!"

Satan stared away, putting a mock expression of sadness on his face. "Well, truth be told, you are too valuable to our people now. I fear even you could not complete this mission without a horrible tragedy overcoming you. In fact, never mind. Yes, this is too dangerous. I'd rather lose one of the lower ranked dark-walkers than lose you."

Lucifer was practically on the edge of his seat at this point. "No, please, my lord! I beg of you! I must redeem myself for my treachery!"

Satan sighed deeply. "Well... it can't be helped then. There is an item of particular value that I need stolen. I have heard of it by means of whispers and muttering. To be honest, I know not if it truly even exists."

Lucifer nodded again, his eagerness almost overwhelming compared to the calm demeanor of his senior. "Yes! Go on!"

"There exists a twin set of stones, held by the highest of the archangels. A light one, and a dark one. I care not for the light one, but if you should manage to steal the dark one, I would be willing to give you a large portion of its energy, and a full pardon of your treason. However, the mission has a high chance of resulting in your death. I advise against it, for your own safety."

Lucifer leaped to his feet, eagerly bobbing his head. "It will be a trifle! With my new powers, it will be like taking a human baby from an imp!"

Satan nodded, as a sinister smile sprouted in his heart. "I see. I must trust in your abilities then. Should you succeed, you will surely get the reward you deserve."

Lucifer almost leaped for joy. "My lord! Your kindness and generosity knows no bounds! I will forever honor you as the patriarch of our people!"

Lucifer left excitedly, leaving Satan to his thoughts.

_Truly, no matter how powerful a pawn becomes, that level of idiocy is inexcusable. If he doesn't die by the hand of the angels, I'll have to do the deed myself._
