Part 347a

Diablo stared down at the young demons before him as they wrung their hands together and whimpered. The smell of fear was in the air and they seemed greatly afraid of his reaction to their request.

He scratched his ear and sighed. "Look, I am a reasonable devil, understand? It's not that I can't do it... I'm just not interested. I don't care about the life of some small fry."

The small shadow-walker in front of him... Torgrok or something rather... he seemed greatly upset by Diablo's response. "Ahm sorry, mister Diablo, sir... Mah friend is just in trouble, ya know? H-he was our leader! He stayed behind to save our lives! W-we can't just let him be killed!"

"It's not my problem. Sorry, but I'm not sorry." Diablo raised his hand and silenced the younger demon with a groan as he rubbed his forehead. "This Davook guy was, at best, a mid level demon. Even then, I think he was lower than that. Do you understand how many demons have died of late? The humans' Supreme Commander is ripping us to shreds. I just don't have the personnel to handle such a trifling request."

The smaller demons' ears seemed to lower slightly as his face became crestfallen. "I... I understand..."

Diablo pinched his nose in disgust as he glanced around the hallway around them. Behind himself, the corridor opened into a massive chasm, caused by the detonation of a nuclear weapon only an hour previously. He had only just managed to clean up the radiation in this area when these idiots came to bug him about such a silly request.

"Look, if you really want to rescue him, go do it yourselves. If you fail, you'll have at least tried and you can die with clear consciences. If you succeed, well... that is a great bonus."

Diablo turned away from them and started to walk away, only to nearly run into Bael who had just appeared in the hallway heading towards the site of the recent detonation.

"Heh, what's shakin', boss?" Bael, absurdly overconfident as ever, towered over Diablo, his frame barely fitting inside the hallway. His favorite weapon, a spiked flail made of demonsteel, was wrapped around his body and the spiky head was draped over his shoulder with the dangerous part resting against his back. He was easily the most intimidating demon that lived among the four Emperors.

"Ah, Bael. It's nothing important." Diablo cast a cursory glance at the two younger demons that stood behind him, the two of them staring at the devils with sad expressions across their faces. "These two were bothering me with a rather mundane request. Their friend was taken by the humans and they want to rescue him."

Bael sneered as Diablo edged past him and headed towards the detonation site. "Cheh, don't you care about the lives of your underlings? They're making a passionate request! You should help them!"

Diablo shrugged as he steeled himself to jump down into the shaft. "Not my problem. Besides, going around humans with their anti-energy weapons is dangerous, even for a devil Emperor."

Diablo vanished a moment later as he leaped down into the shaft, leaving Bael to turn back and stare at the two demons before him. "Dangerous, huh? What'd your idiot friend get himself caught up in?"

Torlok started to speak, but Smealum hushed him, realizing the idiot might say the wrong thing. "We were part of the underground base in London. Davook was our boss, and he had us escape while he held off the humans. We know he was taken alive, because..." Smealum nudged Torlok and he quickly rustled in his pockets to procure the pendant that was glowing red. "...this necklace only glows if he's alive. We suspect the humans are interrogating him... or worse."

Bael nodded slowly. "Hm. Hm. That sounds like it sucks. Well, good on you for trying to rescue him. I respect that! So few demons these days have any honor! I hope your search goes well."

Bael started to turn away but paused as he heard Torlok sigh behind him. "See? Told you nobody was gonna help us. It's just too dangerous."

The massive devil quickly whipped his head back around. "What?! Are you actually implying that I'm scared? Get real!"

Torlok whimpered as he pulled his head back slightly from Bael's outburst. "Ah, sorry m-mister Bael, sir. Didn't mean no disrespect by it!"

"Right. Of course you didn't." Bael quickly wiped at his nose, sniffling silently as he glared down at the two demons. "Let's say I did decide to help you weaklings out. Do you even know where he's at?"

Smealum and Torlok slowly bowed their heads as shame overcame them.

"Right. You don't know where he is, only that humans took him and he's alive. Great job, idiots! You guys will make upper management someday for sure!" Bael slid sarcasm off his long forked tongue effortlessly as he berated the Animus and Shadow-walker in front of him. "Good thing for you two idiots... I happen to know where they might be keeping him."

Torlok was the first to yank his head up as happiness surged from his body. "Do ya really?! Are ya gonna help us find 'im?!"

"Well... truth be told, I've got better things to do... but if I'm right, you're not joking about the danger. He's probably in The Peeler. I had to go there once to recover a body... it was not pleasant business. I ain't sure who runs the place, but that location is nasty and riddled with humans."

Bael and Torlok stared into each other's eyes for a moment, a sort of kinship forming between them. Smealum blanched as he realized what was happening. _I can't believe it. We found a devil idiotic enough to help us out._

"You're gonna help us?! Wow! I'm gonna owe you a life debt, mister Bael sir! I'll do anything you ask of me for the rest of your life, no matter what!" Torlok blubbered and nodded enthusiastically as Bael merely chuckled.

"Cheh, I'm the third highest ranking demon in the labyrinth... you'd have to do what I say anyway. Don't get ahead of yourself. I've got to help Diablo finish cleaning up this mess from earlier first. After that, we can move out. I'm hoping we can get there by tomorrow at the latest... I also need to gear up first... charging into human territory is always dangerous." Bael paused, a thin smile spreading across his face. "Well, for a weaker demon, anyway. Anti-energy weapons have less effect on me."

Smealum raised an eyebrow at that statement. "What do you mean by that?"

"You'll see, kid." Bael snickered to himself at a joke the two of them didn't understand.

"No disrespect meant, but my name is 'Smealum', not 'kid'. And this dummy is Torlok." Smealum gestured at his companion as he spoke. "I figured we should get to know each other if we're going to work together."

Bael rolled his eyes as he turned around and started walking towards the bombing site. "Like I give a shit what your names are."

...........................................................................................

The smell of blood was making his throat dry up as the hours went on. The Japanese man hadn't come back yet, so Davook was wrestling mightily with his cuffs as he struggled to break free. His left arm wasn't very strong anymore, though he couldn't quite make out the condition of it now. One thing was for sure... it hurt. It hurt like hell.

Davook was putting most of his effort into his right arm, which was clamped tightly to his side. Every time he struggled, a jolt of anti-energy was delivered to his neck, causing him to yelp in pain, but still he persevered. _I won't let this filthy human take my will to fight._

His left arm screamed in pain every now and then, the flesh most likely comprised entirely of scars at this point. He really just wished he could rip it off and regrow it.

As he grunted and groaned, he was beginning to feel the effects of a mental breakdown coming on. Terror from being unable to escape, coupled with the sounds of dripping water and dulled noises from high above him made him feel like his sanity was slipping. He couldn't move his head an inch, so all of his struggling was done via touch, else he'd never be able to escape at all.

_Damn, my arms feel so weak. They're going numb._

Davook stopped struggling and took a few deep breaths. After he had calmed down a little bit and the feeling of fire ants in his left arm seemed to dissipate somewhat, he went back to struggling, wincing every time a jolt of energy surged into his spine.

Alas, his efforts were futile, as his blood ran cold at the sound of a door creaking open in the distance and slamming shut a few moments later.

_He's back._

Davook felt his resolve crumbling as the thought of the vile torturer returned fresh in his mind. No matter what, though, he couldn't let that man see him struggling. It would only let him know that he was winning.

"I'm back, fiend." The Japanese man's voice sounded off loudly in the dark room, making Davook wince due to its unexpected volume. Davook hadn't even heard him walking across the damp floor this time.

"Great. I was just starting to get lonely." Davook forced a grin across his face as the man chuckled.

"Is that so? Well, I had some business to attend to. Turns out my dinner date was a vapid, annoying female. I left her with the check and came back as quickly as I could. I guess you could say I missed you too." His tone indicated that he was being facetious, something that Davook didn't miss.

"You're just saying that." Despite his calm and collected way of speaking, Davook felt his nerves cracking as he heard the sound of the human's metal tools clinking on his metal trolley.

"Indeed. Well, I have to say the dissection has gone well so far. I've learned a great deal about the way shadow-walkers manage to blend into the shadows. I had thought it was merely magic, but it appears your skin can absorb and dissipate light in small amounts, which can be enhanced via the use of magic. It defies the laws of physics as I know them, but that's what I would expect from a monster... after all." Davook blanched as the human suddenly appeared over him, aiming a small laser at his facial skin as he smiled evilly. "You never did tell me your name, monster. I'll be more gentle today if you extend me the courtesy."

Davook gritted his teeth. Truthfully, he didn't want to give up any information to this human, not even just his name... but if he really would even possibly be a tiny bit gentler... "It's... it's Davook. M-my name is Davook." He bit his lip and quickly spit out something else. "There. I gave you my name. Now tell me yours. I would prefer to at least know the name of my tormentor."

The Japanese man paused as he stared down at the demon on the table before him coldly, looking Davook right in the eyes. "You don't deserve such a courtesy... but I've had a dreadfully boring day so I'll humor you. I am Kenichi. You, however, may call me Master Takano. Understand?"

Davook shifted his head very slightly as he poorly attempted to nod. "Yeah. I get it... Master Takano."

"Good. I like the sound of that. It really puts the master-servant relationship in focus, doesn't it?" Kenichi raised his head up and walked away from the table again, his shoes clacking on the damp concrete floor as he pulled some implement off his cart.

"I'm not your servant. I'm just a victim. A pawn for you to get your rocks off on being tortured." Davook felt his anger flare up at the casual assumption that just for giving out his name, he might give out more information. _Not going to happen._

"Both are true, actually. You are my servant, and you are a victim." Kenichi reappeared over Davook again, this time with a needle in hand. "I didn't mention this before, but I have ways of forcing you to talk. This is a truth serum. Not like the ones in the movies, this merely makes you babble uncontrollably... but it will do."

Davook felt his blood chill as Kenichi hovered the needle over his body. "You... you had that all along? Why didn't you... use it?"

"Come now, that wouldn't be very fun, would it? After what your kind did to my family and my people, you can't seriously blame me for dragging this out just a little bit... can you?" Kenichi puffed up his lip in a mock expression of sadness before breaking into a fit of maniacal chuckling. "Hehehe.... you should see the look on your face. It suits you."

Davook grimaced as the needle suddenly plunged downwards, stabbing him directly in his heart. He started to gasp, but his body was spasming uncontrollably and no matter how he wriggled, he couldn't move an inch. A few seconds later, the plunger having injected its chemicals into Davook's body, Kenichi yanked it out of his chest and snickered to himself. "Hurts, doesn't it? I added a few extra chemicals to really make it burn. You won't die, fortunately, but soon you'll wish you had."

Davook tried to speak but could only make choking noises as he suddenly found it hard to breathe.

The human smiled pleasantly at him. "Well, as soon as you're ready, feel free to start talking. I'll record everything."

Davook gagged and choked as tears streamed down his eyes. _I want to die. I want to die. Please, devils in hell... let me be released from this torture..._

...........................................................................................

Amelia sat on the hospital bed, waving her legs back and forth as her patient was escorted out of the room. "Have a great day, Jeremy!"

The old man smiled sincerely back at her as he hobbled forwards on his cane. "You too, sunshine! You've made my stay a pleasant one!"

He left the room a few moments later as Amelia tilted her head back and flopped on the bed, staring up at the sanitized white ceiling above. The room smelled like bleach and ammonia, since the cleaning lady had just scrubbed the bathroom half an hour ago. It was kind of disgusting, but at the same time a smell she had grown used to.

The sun beamed into the hospital room and felt pleasantly warm, the feeling of summer encroaching made her want to go outdoors rather than stay inside all the time.

As if he had heard her thoughts, Leviathan appeared in her mind. _Princess, how are you feeling right now?_

"Pretty good, I suppose." Amelia fanned her hand out up in the air in front of her face as she stared at her nails for no particular reason. "I just keep thinking... you know... what if disease and death didn't have to happen?"

_I don't follow._ Leviathan kept his tone neutral as he listened to whatever was on her mind.

"It's just... people like Jeremy get sick and have problems, and it isn't their fault. Wars happen, but it's not their fault either. Why do people have to suffer due to the actions of others?"

_Mmm._ Leviathan purred to himself as he thought about her question. _Such is life. Humans are frail, weak creatures.... yet they always desire conflict. The demons and angels are hardly any better. They all squabble and fight over differences they once held from generations long past, having long since forgotten the original reason they fought in the first place._

"The original reason?" Amelia quickly rose from the bed, jerking herself up in one smooth motion as she stood up and walked over to the window, staring out at the pleasant flower garden a couple stories below her. "What might that be?"

_Even I do not know. I was not there for the original conflicts, nor did I care about them. Such small trifles simply did not interest me. I suspect, however, they fought for dominance over the world. Whoever had the most land could spread out their kind over it the most effectively. In the end, it was all just for their own goals._

"It sounds so... selfish." Amelia opened up the window and hopped out of it, falling two stories and landing smoothly without making a sound as she adjusted her nurse outfit to make sure it wasn't tugging in the wrong places. "Why fight over dumb stuff like that? I mean, they have Heaven and the labyrinth, right? They can make all the space they want. There's no reason to fight."

Amelia took off walking as she smiled sweetly at a group of men, all of whom cocked their heads to glance at her with very naughty looks while they walked past. _Heaven and the labyrinth did not always exist, princess. Once upon a time, the angels and demons had to share the Earth together. This was a time before the humans arrived._

"Were you there for that?"

_Somewhat. As I said before though, I do not recall much of it._

Amelia nodded as she walked along and entered into a pet store, stopping to pet a kitty that walked up to her and meowed. She liked to come here sometimes to clear her mind.

"Actually, Levvy, there's something else..."

_What is it?_

Amelia picked up the cat and cradled him in her arms, scratching him under the chin in the way he liked it. A few customers milled about looking at rabbits and birds on the other side of the small store. "That demon... when I last talked to Jason, those soldiers said they captured a demon and took him to the... the... The Peeler... it sounds awful..."

Amelia swallowed as she felt Leviathan's eyes narrow in her mind. _You're worried about the demon? You've really changed, princess._

"I mean, you know... he's a demon, but still. I keep thinking that maybe we should check on him. Jason doesn't seem to care about the demons at all... not these days, anyway."

Leviathan seemed to shift in her mind as he thought about it. _Locating one demon in a city of humans should be rather trivial. I'm not sure why you care, but I could find him for you... if you really want me to._

Amelia set the cat back down as she walked over to a big golden lab that was meandering around the store. As she walked up to him, the dog's lolling tongue retreated into his mouth as he tentatively growled at her.

Amelia took a step back from him apologetically. "Nice doggy... you never do seem to like me. Maybe you sense what I really am, huh, boy?"

She sighed before turning back to walk out of the shop and continue walking down the street again. "Yes, I do want to know where he's located. I just want to see... The Peeler... it sounds so awful..."

Leviathan sighed in her mind. _Haah... well, princess, if you must know... give me a moment._

Amelia paused and stared up at a church in the distance as Leviathan seemed to concentrate deeply. A moment later, Amelia took a sharp breath as a small amount of energy surged from her body, traveling in all directions as far as she could see.

Seconds turned into minutes as she took a seat on a bench, before she felt the energy return. _It is done. I have located numerous demons all throughout the city, as a matter of fact. They're scattered in clusters here and there, though to what purpose I do not know. There is, however, one demon all by himself, located underground a mile from here._

"Really? You found him?!" Amelia gasped at the thought. "That was so fast! Levvy, you're amazing!"

_Of course. Still... this demon is in bad shape. If I didn't know any better I'd say he was... being tortured._

Amelia's amazement fell flat as her emotions returned to a darker neutral expression. "I see. It's as I thought, then. Tell me where he is. I'm going to go pay a visit to him."

_That hardly seems necessary, princess. Jason already said he'd send a clone to investigate._

"I know. But... I want to see for myself. I want to see the true face of humanity. Maybe if I can figure out why the humans and demons fight, I can put an end to this war."

Leviathan paused, as is not wanting to contradict her, yet disagreeing with that statement. _I wouldn't recommend it. You can't bring a war to an end with some pretty words. Still, I won't stop you. He's being held captive under a hospital, to the northwest. You've been there before, actually. It was the one where Jason painted that image for you._

Amelia turned red at the thought of that portrait. "Oh. Um, right. That one. A-anyway, where is the demon then? Where are they holding him, exactly?"

_Underneath, in a cellar or basement of some sort. It's a quiet place, and you'll have no trouble finding it with my help._

Amelia nodded as she stood up quickly. "All right. Let's go, then."

Leviathan hesitated before responding. _Ehh, not to contradict you, but your outfit...?_

Amelia quickly glanced down, realizing she was still wearing her nurse uniform. "Well, we _are_ going to a hospital. Can't hurt to blend in a little."

_Fair enough._

The dragon kept his qualms to himself as she took off walking towards the hospital she had been at only a day before.

"It's crazy to think that he was so close the whole time."