Part 276a:

I felt my entire body shaking slightly, as I reeled from the appearance of yet another dark presence in my mind.

When I 'died' during my battle with Satan, the curse mark lost its power on my face, though the scar persists. My clones, for some reason, never had the curse mark, so I was lucky to have it gone. Searching for presences of evil beings has proven to be very dangerous, not the simple thing I initially used to think it was. From now on, locating demons and dark gods will have to happen the hard way; intelligence and surveillance.

Making my way back down the hallway, I found myself leaning against the walls somewhat, as if my entire body was made of lead. Something about that presence... that voice... it was all too familiar, but it's been so long, I just couldn't place it.

_Ah, well._ I found myself returning to my simple-mindedness once again. _Best not to dwell on it too much._

These things have a way of sorting themselves out.

Walking back into Belial's room, I felt my worries melt away as I saw her beautiful face once again. Then I noted her amused expression. "What's the matter? Did my beauty rile you up that much? Did you need to go take care of some _business_?" She winked at the last word and I felt myself blush slightly.

"No, there was something that I needed to confirm, and uh, well... I did."

She rolled her eyes. "Lighten up, it was a joke. Also, are you going to leave me paralyzed like this forever? Have you thought at all of how you're going to contain me in this prison?"

I shook my head. "No, to both questions. I'm not going to hold you here. I just wanted to have a talk with you, and we've talked. I confirmed many things, but I also had many questions bubble up as well. Containing you won't be a problem, since you and the grandpa can both go free."

She narrowed her eyes at me slightly. "Alright, that sounds nice. Why not let me go now, then? Do you have more questions that you want to ask, or is there something else that's bugging you?"

I shrugged. To be honest, I had many more questions. I needed to know what Satan was planning for the future. I needed to know if the Volgrim were still going to be allied with the demons after this betrayal. I needed to get the answers to a lot of questions, but she wouldn't be much use in this, given that she didn't even know who Amelia was.

"I suppose there is, but that doesn't really matter right now." I turned away slowly to stare out the window, leaving my back to her. My mouthpiece closed in an instant as I activated my wordsmithing. " **Mobilize.** "

My mouthpiece jerked open silently as I turned around to her and sighed dramatically. "Hah, well, you're free to go then. If you would, feel free to grab your friend one room over, and I'll have you teleported out of here to wherever you want on Earth."

She blinked quickly as she rose up on the bed, draping her legs over the side. Instead of standing up though, she instead simply stared at me sulkily for a few moments. I was beginning to feel slightly unnerved but then she spoke up. "So that's it, hmm? And here I thought you'd want to spend a little more time with me."

I reached up to scratch my chin warily. "I don't follow..."

She waved her hand at me dismissively. "Oh come on now! I've known more than a few men in my day. You don't honestly think I can't tell you were interested in... something else? You're so careful to keep your distance, but a woman can tell when a man is lying. Or rather, when his body is lying. Isn't it time you were just a little bit more honest?"

I felt my cheeks flare up madly at what she was insinuating. She wasn't wrong, of course, but there's a difference between the her of today, and the her of one hundred million years in the future. How to put it? It's like her appearance was the same, but her personality, her entire persona, was just... _wrong_. Perhaps losing Satan changed her view on the universe, made her into a different person over the millennia. It just didn't feel right, as of now.

"In all honesty, we were an item in the future I came from. But that's a different time. Perhaps if the stars align themselves properly, that future will still come to pass. If they don't, if _we_ don't, I won't forget those memories easily."

She nodded thoughtfully as she pursed her lips. Tapping her finger on her chin she stood up quietly. "Well, if that's the way you feel, I won't stop you. But if you ever change your mind... give me a call." Saying that, she pulled her hand behind her back, then forwards again, with a little card in her hand. "This is my 'business' card, just infuse it with a little magic and I'll get the memo. If you'd be so kind, please send Agares and myself to New York City. Anywhere will do."

I gently took the card from her hand, feeling her fingers tough my gloves. I felt like just letting her go was the wrong thing to do, but I decided to simply go along with it. "Sure... thanks, Belial. I'm glad we got to talk."

She nodded slowly as she pressed past me in the small room. "Sure thing. Give me a call sometime. I'll keep a line open just for you."

She slipped out the door into the hallway as I turned to follow her out.

This was not goodbye... only a temporary farewell. Yes, we would have to speak again soon.

Very soon.

...................................................................

"♫La la la, la la la!♪" Amelia sang a nonsensical but cheerful song as she hopped along down the street, wearing a cute blue summer dress she had taken from a local store recently. Of course, the other humans were getting smart nowadays with their cameras and whatnot, but she had no need for something as simple and transient as money, so she simply deleted files and blocked signals wherever she went. If a few people got in her way, it was always a good time for a snack!

As she sang, Leviathan, who had been dormant and silent for a few days, spoke up out of the blue. "Princess, I felt something invade my space. An intruder."

"Hmmm? You're awake, Levvy! I've been so bored without you to talk to!" She grinned cheerfully as she skipped down the streets of Chicago, happily glancing around the local ghetto to see if there was anyone that looked especially tasty on this fine day.

"Yes, I had decided to temporarily hibernate, thanks to the large disturbance I detected in the Thought Energy. A tremendous number of beings died, all at once. Tens of billions, and they didn't die on Earth either."

"Oh hmm? A lot of people died then? Well that's just too bad! Maybe if they weren't so weak and pathetic, they wouldn't die so easily, you know?" Amelia paused to glance at a store that had recently been vandalized. Its windows were shattered and the aisles were torn to pieces, but nobody was inside cleaning up. It looked to her like they had given up on fixing the mess entirely.

"My princess, not all can be as mighty as the two of us are. However, the one who invaded my space... he was not weak. He was strong. Based on the energy type, he was probably a Hero, too."

Amelia's cheerful grin evaporated instantly, as she stared into the hollow shell of the store with cold, unseeing eyes. "A Hero, you say? Ya know... it's been a long time since we saw one of those... wonder if this one is very strong?"

"Well, the last two we encountered didn't put up much of a fight. Princess, you can't go on holding a grudge like that forever. It's not healthy."

She shook her head slowly. "No... I suppose it isn't. But the way that brat... humiliated me..." Her lip trembled in rage as she thought of her very first encounter with a Hero. Some might have forgotten such a thing a long time ago, but Amelia had a long, excellent memory. She was not one to forget these things so easily.

"Yes, but don't you recall? Satan took him out, tore him to pieces. Surely you can let that go now?"

Amelia shook her head violently. "No no no! I won't forget it! I won't!" She stomped her foot on the ground in a huff of anger, the impact sending a slight tremor through the local area and a stiff wind blasting away from her. "That jerk beat me up and laughed about it! I won't rest until all the heroes are dead! And what about _you_, Levvy? When are you going to get your own revenge?"

The dragon sighed deeply inside her mind. "Ahh, princess... I've long since forgiven those grudges. In truth, it was never freedom that I sought, but simply a cure to my unending loneliness. Satan may have taken advantage of me, but he only did what was natural to all beings who are weak. He was merely seeking to improve his own chances of survival. Now that I have you, I don't need to-"

Amelia interrupted him with a huff. "Nonsense! You may have forgiven him, but I won't! That jerk kept my friend imprisoned! Amelia Greyheart never forgets a grudge!" She smiled a tight grin at the thought of revenge. She had been wronged many times, and in all but five cases, she had exacted revenge upon those who harmed her.

But, in time, she would get revenge. It was the one thing driving her forwards in this life.

She turned away from the store and stared up at the sky thoughtfully. "Ya know, I haven't paid much attention to things lately. Seems there's been lots of rocks falling from the sky, and people have been acting like there's bad stuff going on. Think there's another war coming?"

Leviathan tilted his scaled head down in her mind's eye, as he harumphed thoughtfully. "I'm sure there is. Humans and demons and angels are always fighting, whether each other or themselves. Perhaps we should find a newspaper to read, that might tell us what's going on."

Amelia nodded. "Good idea! First we find a newspaper, then we find the Hero! It's so simple!"

"Truly brilliant, princess. Let's get a move on, then. It's about time we got involved with the goings on of the world around us."
