Part 103 - Plans

Diablo smashed his fist on the table with incredible force. The table shook but did not break, due to the Demonstone's nigh-unbreakable properties. "WHAT?! He completely destroyed the entire planet?! Are you out of your MINDS?!"

Everyone at the table shrunk back a little bit, some winced visibly. Even Bael, usually the loudest and most boisterous at the table, was not keen to be heard.

"You listen here. This is NOT acceptable. We've been taking losses for TEN years now! TEN YEARS! I want RESULTS!" Diablo smashed his foot onto the ground in rage, and the entire room shook from the impact. Luckily the entire room was crafted out of Demonstone, explicitly for this reason. Diablo was prone to fits of rage.

Mephisto was the first to recover. "My liege, I accept full responsibility. I allowed him to corner me and as a result my world was destroyed. I will accept any punishment."

Diablo snorted angrily, his nostrils flaring as his blood boiled with rage. He glanced up and took note of the missing phoenix flower, usually tucked under Mephisto's ear. "You... wasted... HER GIFT!" He whipped his hand out and backhanded a glass of wine that had shifted precariously close to the edge, and the glass exploded in a fantastic display, smashing against the wall at super-sonic speeds.

He snorted again, this time visibly slower, as his rage seemed to subside somewhat. It seemed to most present that he'd gotten the truly angry bits out of his system. "That feather... it was the last artifact that she left us... you weren't supposed to USE it! You were supposed to hold onto it in case someone else needed it. You're supposed to be unkillable for devil's sake!"

Mephisto cringed and shrunk down in his seat a little.

Ose interrupted. "It's too late to worry about that now, Emperor Diablo. We have more important matters to attend to." She pulled out more papers from her bag and most of the table's members sighed. "Umi has reports for us to look over."

Bael threw his hands up in the air. "Fantastic! I love reading reports! Highlight of my day!"

Diablo glared a fiery look in Bael's direction. "Shut up, you idiot. I recall you promising to send someone after the so-called Hero 12 years ago. Whatever happened to that? Another failure?"

Bael shrugged sheepishly. "Oh, ah, that. I uh... forgot." He lowered his head and grimaced, waiting for Diablo's rage.

It never came. Diablo sighed deeply instead and slumped back in his chair. "Sometimes... I wish Satan was still here... he was so much better at this than I."

Nobody at the table dared agree. To agree would be to insult Diablo right to his face, a death wish to be sure.

President Ose stared at Diablo blankly, finally accepting that he'd finished ranting. "Splendid. Now that we're all calmed down and the issues were discussed, let's examine this report."

Ice filled the room, as the demons did so. "It's just... insanity." Agares stared at the report as he scanned the lines. "Their numbers keep growing. They've liberated three worlds now and taken over two of ours. The only good news we have is that all of the worlds so far are plainly inferior to their current homeworld. They're living in a very small space with limited resources... but... how long can that last?"

Diablo gazed around at the table, and the demons seated there.

_Ose, the president of finance_. She attended these meetings like it was her life's goal. Her battle power was weak, but her mind was sharp. She was also the only demon in contact with the oracle, Umi.

_Agares, the Duke of Reptiles_. He attended the great majority of these meetings, and was definitely one of the smarter demons here. He could always be trusted to bring up something useful for discussion.

_Mephisto, the Duke of Mist_. He attended these meetings because he was actually a crucial figure here. His ability to become completely invisible helped greatly with spying, though the ability also had a lot of downsides.

_Bael, the King of the 7 princes of Hell_. A monster who always attended the meetings because he always sought to be ordered out to battle. The most vicious and battle hardened of the people here, Diablo himself excluded.

_Beleth, an upper ranked King class demon_. She almost never attended the meetings. She was always off busy somewhere else, doing stupid things that Diablo failed to understand.

Counting himself, that put only 6 demons that should be at this table. With Beleth gone, there were only 5.

Diablo frowned. There should always be 7 here. He'd need to start enforcing the code on Beleth so she had to attend. But also...

"We need a 7th member. One to replace Beelzebub."

Nobody at the table had been expecting that. Some started to speak in protest, but paused and thought about it. Agares was the first to speak.

"Now that you mention it, we've been missing a 7th for a long time now. Should we simply ask the Second Emperor to join us here?"

Diablo cringed. If Belial was here, Diablo would no longer be able to sit at the head of the table, he would no longer be the leader. "No... we should not, ah, waste her time. Think of someone else, and then submit the recommendation for Ose to review. We'll dwell on this later."

Diablo rose from his chair, as did the others.

"Meeting adjourned."