Part 030: Throne

I really gave it my all.

Pushing with all my might, I shoved and pushed and shoved and pushed. I even used a moderate "Power" spell to try and boost my strength. It didn't work. I wanted to try and do a full forced "POWER!" but I also didn't want to accidentally kill myself. Have to learn my limits before I go doing things like that. I still have no idea how it all works.

"This isn't working." I draw back and feel sweat pouring down my body. It's hot in here. I never really noticed it before, but the ambient heat from the warm floor can get noticeably hot when you work up a sweat. "Damn. I need much more strength."

This door is at least a hundred times heavier than the Golden Door that led to Solomon's Crown. I'm not even sure if _Push_ at full power would slightly move it. Whoever built this door here, they did not ever want it open.

Kar stared at the great door. "Perhaps I could do it."

I looked down at the tiny little reptile and stifled a laugh. "Uh, I mean, you're free to try."

Kar looked up at me, his face completely flat, no form of emotion visible. "Do you doubt that I can do it?"

I shook my head. "No, no! Of course not! You're a big- I mean a strong crocodile! I'm sure you can, uh, at least do something to that door!"

Kar turned away from me. "I am the mightiest warrior among my people, strong enough that even the King himself respects me. I know what respect feels like, and yet you give none to me. I must rectify this."

Something astounding happened. I never expected to see this. Of all the things I could imagine, this was the most shocking. Kar _grew_.

He grew BIG too. He started shifting his size slowly, but as I watched he got bigger and bigger until he soon passed even my 5'10" height and surged upwards to a grand finale of... ten feet??? He was one tall son of a bitch.

He looked down at me, with his massive, hulking monstrous body. "Well then, little turtle. Who is the small one now?"

My mouth was apparently gaping open. I suddenly remembered that it would be rude to stare so I quickly averted my gaze from his eyes. "I am..." I mumbled. "I apologize for my lack of respect."

"Good." I could almost feel a reptilian grin forming on the face above me, as I looked at my shuffling feet. "Now then, I want you to strengthen me with your power."

I jerked my head up. "Me? You want my power?"

"Yes. I lack a sufficient supply of spiritual energy and I also lack the ability to tap into the Thought Energy. I lack magical abilities, but I make up for it with superior might!". He pounded his chest and it made a loud CRACK. "Do it! Give me power!"

To be honest, I was scared to give this towering behemoth even more power than he already had, but I was too scared to refuse him, so I did.

Aiming my hand at him, I chanted.

" **Power!** "

A moment passed. I looked up from his chest to his face. He seemed annoyed. "Was that it? That's all you can give? I barely felt it."

I started to protest, but hey, fuck it. If he wants my full power, I'll let him have it. He'll learn his lesson.

"POOOWERRR!!!!!"

I felt my energy levels decrease substantially. To make an estimate, my bellowing scream must have lowered my energy by about half. That means I could do that twice in a row, at most, before I was completely exhausted.

However, I was stunned. Kar looked completely untouched. He flexed his muscles. "Hm. It's not much, but it will have to do. Rather disappointing."

This is the difference between my body and his. If I put that much power into myself, I'd probably overload my heart. To him, it was like the breeze under a butterfly's wings. I am still far too weak.

Kar turned to the door. Placing both his hands on it, he turned his head back to look at me.

"Little turtle, you had better step back."
