Part 085 - Rabid

Heh heh heh... I can feel it slipping away again. My personality is changing even more rapidly... I've never worn all of the armor at the same time.

My unseeing eyes darted and spun around wildly, as I started breathing much faster than usual, almost panting, like a rabid dog. Amelia could sense the change. She grimaced. "Not good. If you want to fight like a monster, I'll bring Blaarjiim back out." She started to cup Blaarjiim in both her hands, but I staggered forward at a speed that terrified even myself.

"You think I'll just let you transform?! ONLY AN IDIOT WOULD DO THAT!!" My voice was wild, it was monstrous. I don't remember sounding like this. I don't think this is actually my voice.

She stumbled back and yelped when I charged, quickly bringing the mute Dellfingler out to deflect my advance. We traded a couple blows, but thanks to Hermes, I was FAR faster than either of us had ever been.

Why was I fighting her again? I think I had some silly reason before, but now I just REALLY wanted to tear this girl to pieces!

I pounced from behind her, playfully smashing her back and forth with the flat of my sword. "Hard to defend what you can't see COMING, isn't it, little witch?!" I sped around everywhere, the boots allowing me to move so quickly that my body was leaving afterimages. That Hermes, what a guy!

Amelia, beaten and battered, had no time to heal from Blaarjiim or summon him. In a desperate move she tracked onto me, and stabbed at my heart, full strength, with Dellfingler. It was easily deflected.

"What?! You think you can just stab through the invincible armor of Achilles?! And with a DARK weapon at that?! Get real!" I whipped Aegis around and rammed her with the flat of the shield, rushing forwards so fast the momentum kept her stuck to the front of it as I plowed through the forest. Smashing through at least a dozen trees, I came to a stop and she flew forwards, crashing into a mound of dirt.

She wheezed and coughed as tears poured down her cheeks. Delicious looking tears. I licked my lips in anticipation. "Hero... you... what have you... become..." She gasped the words out, as she dropped Dellfingler and ran her hand over her ribcage. She surely had some broken bones in there. _Mmmm... bones... those sound GOOD._

I smiled as an inhuman laugh passed my lips. "A MONSTER, you moron! I'm a monster now! You made me do this, but I don't regret it one bit!"

I grinned maniacally at the wheezing and gasping girl, but seeing that she was barely able to even more, another emotion took over.

_Boredom_.

This was too easy. All this POWER and I can't even have a good fight?! This was lame! SUPER lame!

"Alright fine, fuck it, I'll let you and Blaarjiim merge. Make sure you don't die too quickly now though, you hear?!"

Amelia gave a light, pained smile. "Thank you Hero. I knew there was still some good left in you..."

Ah, that silly bitch. There's no good left in me. I've forgotten my real name already...