Part 017: The Crown

I felt fire in my veins.

The instant the crown touched my head, everything became chaotic. All my senses exploded. I was able to smell a hundred times more clearly than a bloodhound. My eyes surged with power, the darkness could hide nothing from my vision. My perception of movement increased tenfold. My body strength was the same as before, but I had never realized just how much latent power Hoarhiim had unlocked inside me. With the Crown on my head, I was suddenly able to comprehend so many more things. Infinite wisdom, too much wisdom for a single mind flooded inside me.

But something strange happened. This power could certainly be called strange, but the instant my mind was able to somewhat adjust to this incredible new flow of information, two words played in my head.

"Solomon's Crown."

Solomon? That's not possible. The one spoken of in the bible? I had never been a big bible reader, but most people knew the story of King Solomon. Said to be favored by God as one of his most trusted servants, he was granted peerless wisdom, allowing him to rule over a vast kingdom with the knowledge befitting a powerful King of Old.

This crown, if this was truly his crown, might it have his knowledge locked inside it? Might I have uncovered an item of horrifying power?

Nevertheless, this new mental prowess astounded me. I could hear things I had not heard before. The lake of acid and fire below me was perceived even more vividly now, I could make out individual faces of people, rising out of the acid, their skin growing back, and then the people falling back into it, melting and burning in agony, a neverending torment.

On top of that, a new mental ability seemingly unlocked itself. "Mental Map", the ability to visualize the world around me as a 3D map, hovering transparently in front of my vision, solidifying only if I wished it.

I could see the maze in its entirety now. I was dead in the center of it. Around me, the maze twisted and bent, walls moving around, hallways shifting to move towards other hallways. Without this crown, I could now see there was no hope of ever escaping this hell. But with it, could anything be possible?

"Solomon's Crown." I said aloud, to nobody in general. Looking to Hoarhiim and then back to Blaarjiim in each of my hands, I stood there stunned. "This cannot truly be the Crown possessed by a king of old, can it?"

"What do you think the answer is?" Asked Hoarhiim. "I may have before seemed a timeless wise ancient deity, but with that crown on your head, you now exceed even my intellect."

It was true. I remember struggling, back in college, to pass a math class. I failed it twice and was going to try one last time, but the teacher had told me: _Stop wasting your money, you are not suited for this._

But now, that math was children's play. Concepts alien to my mind before began to take shape. Creating dark matter? Simple. Expanding or contracting a black hole? Child's play. King Solomon was limited by the technology of his era, but I was not. My universe had gone far beyond what he could do. Perhaps, had he lived long enough and not fallen to the charms of women, he could have advanced humanity to a new plane of existence with this knowledge.

"Does God exist?" I asked.

"Of course." Replied Hoarhiim. "There's no point hiding it now, you'll soon know it yourself anyway. Soon you'll know everything."

I thought deeply for a while, sitting down on the ground in a meditative position. Suddenly, a thought so humorous came to my mind that I laughed aloud. "Haha, Hoarhiim! You little devil! You knew I could have beaten those monsters with your power, didn't you?"

"The small swarm outside the golden door? Of course. They are of the dark, I am a powerful entity of the light, they would have fallen before me." Hoarhiim sniffled. "I'm sad it took the wisdom of a god to make you realize that."

Now it made sense. He didn't seem worried about them at all. He seemed bored by their appearance. Heck, even I feel bored by them now.

Looking around, I glanced at the other three doors in the room. According to my mental map, they all led to dead ends or deadly traps. Given time, one of them would likely open up to a normal pathway, but I was feeling antsy.

"You know what? Let's take the fun way out."
