Part 084: Sword

I staggered back in horror as my worst nightmares were coming true.

"Haha... you're kidding, right Hero? That's not really... her sword?" I laughed nervously as Hero stood, the Sword of Heaven in his hand. He was on the verge of death a second ago, but he had far more than a second wind now. His wounds were healing, and all around him, energy was being sucked in. The grass and flowers died around him and the air around him seemed to be thick with death.

Wait. That's not right. That can't be her sword.

Hero, despite now being full of power and wielding the weapon I hated most, had a sad expression on his face. "I'm sorry, Amelia. I didn't want to have to use this." His unseeing eyes stared ahead numbly and his hands gripped the sword fiercely. "Ever since Joan died, this sword hasn't been the same. It changed when it was left hidden inside the labyrinth."

I hadn't felt fear in so long. The sword was definitely different. It was _even more powerful_ than when she had wielded it.

"What the hell happened... how did you get your hands on _Catherine_?! We thought and hoped it was gone forever!" My thoughts raced, after that battle... the sword had disappeared. Where could it have...

"The labyrinth giveth, and the labyrinth taketh away. After Joan sealed you, her body was too weak to go on, and she died a while later. I know about your past, Amelia. I know how you were stopped."

I could feel rage burning inside me... this little shit... he thinks he can stop me? He's not half as dangerous as Joan was. Joan had not an ounce of hate in her heart. Joan was truly a warrior of the light. Compared to this _child_ playing god with puppets and souls and corrupting Catherine with dark energy, Joan was a goddess of the light, he was a pale shadow of her power.

I smiled evilly as these thoughts crossed my mind. "You're nothing compared to her. You can't defeat me. Hoarhiim has forsaken you, you left two friends to die, and you come at me alone. You have no real power!"

I laughed. "Ha ha ha! It's so cute, seeing you struggle like this! Now I understand, you didn't want to use the sword because it's too much for you to handle! Ha ha ha!"

Hero shook his head. "No. I found this sword in the labyrinth, as I did the other legendary artifacts. I didn't want to use them because I found that each one had been corrupted with dark power. Only Solomon's Crown was untouched. But... if it takes a monster to kill a monster... I'll do what must be done."

Hero raised his hand again and spoke.

" _Achilles. Aegis. Orion. Hermes._ "

Corrupted pieces of armor appeared on Hero, one by one, as he summoned them. His chipped and cracked and weakened white armor was quickly replaced as dark energy replaced the white.

A tear flowed down his face. "The Armor of Achilles, the Shield of Zeus, the Belt of Orion, and the Boots of Hermes. All legendary treasures from on high, all of them ruined by this godforsaken hell. And if I must wear them to defeat you, I will."

Speaking again, he quickly cast spells.

" **Detect! Infrared! Sonar! Tracking! Targeting! Perception!** "

His head nodded as I could again feel his presence following me.

"Let's continue from where we left off. We will fight again, but this time, on equal terms. As monsters."
