Part 050: Michael

A lush field of green as far as the eye could see. I sat at the bottom of a gently sloping hill, covered in grass and flowers. All around me was flatland, with trees and mountains in the distance. The sun gently beat upon my chest, as the scent of daffodils wafted in the wind.

I looked around me. I saw rabbits, and deer, and other such creatures frolicking in the meadows. A distance away, there was a stream with fish bobbing for flies and bugs. The scene was serene and somber.

As I stared to my side at the stream, something blotted out the rising sun out of the corner of my vision, I looked up and gasped as I saw a great maned lion appear on the top of the hill. A fearsome creature, he dwarfed me with his size, standing nearly ten feet tall and fifteen feet long. His massive hulking muscles showed he possessed the body of a true predator. Atop his head he wore a golden crown, far more glamorous than my own Crown of Solomon.

"Could you be... Michael?" I spoke aloud, directing my question at the lion. In the Bible, I remembered that Michael the Archangel was often described as a mighty Lion. This had to be him.

The lion seemed to not even notice my presence. His mighty gaze stared off into the distance, far behind me, as if searching for a new prey. I did not even register his interest.

Suddenly, I felt a presence beside me. Looking up and to my left, I saw a man, clothed all in white robes. A shortly cropped, neatly clipped beard covered his face, and the color was the same as his neck-length hair, pure black. Wearing a crown of thorns, and carrying a massive cross on his back as blood dripped from his head, the man seemed to be in great need of help.

"Why have you come to me?" the man asked, his voice decidedly neutral considering the strain placed on his body by the heavy wooden structure. "Have you come to pity me, as my friends and enemies alike have done?"

I stared at the wooden cross, it was a sturdy thing, made of solid oak with splinters sticking out here and there, surely digging into his back and arms.

I lowered my gaze to the ground in front of me. "How could I pity you? You were willing to make the ultimate sacrifice to save humanity. You were willing to do whatever it took to spread your word to the furthest reaches of the world. I cannot pity one who was a true Hero when the time was needed."

The man spoke softly. "But I knew that in death, I would receive the greatest reward, a throne at the side of my Father. Knowing that my death would cost me nothing, could I still be called a Hero?"

He pulled back and threw his cross to the side. It smashed into the grass with a soft " _Whump_ ". I raised my eyes to follow his path. Walking towards the top of the hill, he pulled off his white garment to reveal a muscular body, beaten and bruised with whips and clubs.

"Yes, you were a true Hero. Despite knowing you would be rewarded greatly for your deeds, you still suffered greatly as well. I do not know that if I were in your position that I could have gone through with it, even with such a divine reward at the end of the journey." I smiled as he walked up the hill and climbed astride the great Lion.

"You are not so different from me. I was merely a carpenter's son who wished to heal the world. To stop the lies and create the truth, I would have done anything." He raised his eyes to the sky, admiring a cloud that passed overhead.

The lion slowly stirred, and walked down the hill towards me, the man safely straddling it without using his grip. "The most important thing that I discovered during my journey was this: My reward was not my uplifting to the heavens. My greatest reward was that I was able to give a pathway for humanity to heal."

Reaching the bottom of the grassy knoll, he pointed his finger at me.

"Go and be healed, my child. When the time comes, I trust that you will make the right choice, and someday you will be able to respect yourself. Not as a Hero, but as a Hero King."

A bright light came out of his fingertip. It was blinding, brighter than a million suns. I screamed wordlessly as a terrible pain overtook my entire body. My vision became white hot as the world around me burned away. The agony I felt was worse than anything the Hell I had lived in for the last several months could possibly do to me.

And then I awoke. I was in my bed, I could feel my arms and legs once again. I felt a small joy creep into my chest as my heart leaped for joy.

But something was wrong. All around me, everything was black. I felt my face. Something felt wrong. I blinked hard, over and over, but the pitch blackness would not go away.

I was... _blind_?
