Part 479c: Bonds

Papers covered in scribbles litter my desk. Some are drawings, while others have hastily scrawled notes, and all of them serve one purpose; solving _the mystery_. I've long wondered how the foundations of demon society were built, and how we managed to come out on top during the Energy Wars. Demons are not educated on our past, and instead, are told to set our eyes on the future. As such, only the eldest of our kind know the details of our rich history, and they keep those secrets clutched firmly to their chests.

The candle beside me sputters, and I quickly snap my fingers to reignite it. Some of these scrolls are essential to understanding our past, but I've only just begun the search. Time is my enemy. With Satan gone and myself assuming the mantle of leader over all demons, I have to understand where we came from to understand where we should go.

"Emperor Beelzebub." A female voice speaks out from behind me. Soft, fragile, alluring. I turn my head back slightly to see my beautiful assistant, Titania. Her blood-red hair, the color of fire, stands out against the black and gold armor she dons. I may call her an assistant, but as the eldest progenitor of the Phoenix from ages past, she's more of a warrior than an associate. Her job is to guard me, though such a task is more of a formality given my incredible magical power.

"Titania. Something to report?" I try to keep the annoyance out of my voice, but it isn't easy. I haven't left this room since I returned from the battle that sent Satan scurrying away like a whipped hellhound. Rumors are floating around regarding my absence, but I can't be bothered to entertain them.

She opens the door to the room slightly and steps inside. "I've brought the former Second Emperor, Lord Diablo, as you requested."

Her eyes dart to a spot just behind my chair, where I've been tossing wadded papers of useless information. Anything that doesn't advance my knowledge of the past is merely a distraction from my goals. As interesting as _The Formation of the Siren Songs_ might be to scholars, that information is just a waste of my time.

"Good. Bring him in. You have the rest of the day off."

She smiles faintly. "Thank you, your Grace. I'll send him in at once. I hope your research turns out well."

Titania leaves, and I sigh as I wait for her to send in my old nemesis. Perhaps calling Diablo a 'nemesis' is giving the fool too much credit. He _did_ part with his power too quickly for my liking. He probably knew something I didn't, which is why I'm going to interrogate him today.

A minute passes as I wait. My foot starts tapping impatiently, and I turn back to the papers on my desk. Many of them are benign, uninteresting at first glance. What I've discovered though, as I read through them, is that all the scrolls created before the end of the Energy Wars were tampered with. In fact, the editing is blatant enough that I was shocked someone would be so bold.

However, it isn't that someone has crossed out sentences, or wiped out whole lines. Rather, it's that where previously there were whole paragraphs, chunks might be missing here and there, as if they had never been written in the first place. References to people, places, and things are gone, like they never existed. Not even Diablo's magic is potent enough to undo what I assumed might be hexes or magic hiding the existence of said sentences.

"You rang?" Diablo's bland voice at the doorway makes me jerk in surprise. I quickly spin on my chair to face him.

He's wearing much plainer clothing than he used to as Emperor. His tall body is no longer as girthy as it once was, likely due to how much energy he's lost. He's slimmer now, like a demon who has gone on an extended exercise regimen. Oddly, Bael is the one everyone points to when it comes to body training, yet his bulk only increases as the centuries pass.

I take a moment to exhale, calming my nerves. "Diablo. So glad you could drop in."

"Uh huh." He rumbles in his throat, then yawns and stumbles over to a bench against the opposite wall and plops down on it, sighing contentedly. "Not like I had much choice. I thought you weren't going to bug me."

"I changed my mind," I say, narrowing my eyes at him. "You may have noticed the papers and scrolls behind me."

"Not really. I make it a point to avoid paperwork these days." Diablo flippantly tosses his hand in the air. "It's the easy life for me. I hope you didn't bring me here just because you couldn't handle the job."

"No! I can handle the job just fine, thank you very-!" I pause, realizing I just allowed him to goad me. He's pushing my buttons, deliberately. "This isn't about the job. I have questions that need answers. You were alive before the Energy Wars, and you were at the highest echelons of demonic power, so only you can answer them."

"Ah, so it is work." Diablo leans his head forward and rests it on his fist. "Can you make this quick? I want to sleep some more."

I nod slowly. "Do you know the true identity of the First Emperor?"

"Huh? Oh, you mean Asmodeus. If that isn't his true identity, then no, I don't."

I lick my lips slowly. "His real identity is Satan."

Diablo yawns and stares at me blankly. "Seriously? I guess that makes sense."

A moment passes, and the two of us gaze at each other. His blank expression meets my dumbfounded one. "That's it? You're not surprised, annoyed you never knew, or angry?"

He shrugs. "You're trying to get a reaction out of me, whelp, and you'll fail. If he's Satan, then it doesn't surprise me. If he isn't, then it doesn't matter."

With a flourish, I pull one of the scrolls from my desk and unfurl it in front of me. "It does matter. Haven't you looked into our history? Haven't you ever wondered what happened after the Energy Wars? Why did we end up in a position of subservience to the Volgrim? How did humans conveniently end up in our care where we could feed on them? Why didn't-"

Diablo holds up a hand, interrupting me. "Stop. I get it. You're the Second Emperor now, and you want to make a big impact by examining our past to change our future. I had thoughts like that at one point. I read the scrolls from the ancient tombs too. Nothing you find is going to change anything. It doesn't matter."

Slowly, I roll the scroll back up. "I'm not the Second Emperor anymore. I'm the First."

Diablo's aloofness vanishes and is replaced by surprise. I've finally gotten to him. "What? Bullshit. There isn't a chance you dethroned Satan, or Asmodeus, or whatever he calls himself." After a pause, he smirks. "You couldn't even beat _me_."

"I'm not lying, and I didn't defeat Satan. He's gone. He left the Labyrinth and our universe." I pause, thinking of how best to break the news. "I haven't told anyone else yet, not even Titania. Satan is a Wordsmith, just like Jason Hiro. He's traveled to another universe, or time... or something. He doesn't exist in our realm anymore."

My former superior takes the news quite well. "Ah. So that changes what, exactly?"

"What do you mean?! It changes everything! Confound you!" The flame of the candle behind me rises dramatically as my temper flares. "I'm the number one leader of demonkind! I need to know our history! I need to know what path I should take!"

Diablo sighs and shakes his head. "Hah... look, Beelzy-"

"Don't call me that."

Irritation appears on his face, but he continues. "I was the Third Emperor for all of my life after the Energy Wars, but considering Belial was never around and Asmod- err, Satan didn't care about our people, I was essentially the First Emperor, just as you were once you took over. Satan leaving doesn't change anything. Only one thing has changed in recent years, and that is the appearance of Jason Hiro. That's why you called me, isn't it? You want to know how to deal with him."

He isn't asking me a question; he's stating a fact. My nails dig into my knees as I stare him down. _I hate how he reads minds without having any telepathic abilities._

"Maybe. I met another Jason, one who time travels just like Satan does. He bested Satan in a battle and made it look effortless. After the two of them left, I realized I couldn't hope to beat Jason Hiro, the one I know, let alone his other self. That one is a god on par with the Creator. But... but..."

A long silence follows. I struggle to find the words to say, though the thoughts fill my mind effortlessly.

_I can't ally with humans. I hate them. Demons hate them. Even if some could forgive their differences, humans are food for us. Livestock can never be our equals, nor our allies._

Diablo rubs his hands together slowly. "I hate humans too, you know."

"What? You do?" I stare at the old codger in surprise. "Everyone calls you a human-lover."

"That's a lie. I'm too lazy to protest, so I just let other demons talk. The flaws that you see in humans are not the flaws I see. You see weakness, avarice, and greed. I hate that they represent the worst of demonkind unabashedly, without restraint. Demons at our worst can never compare to the pure evil a human can unleash."

Diablo turns his head away to stare at the room's entrance. "Were it just for the flaws of humans, I would see to it that they were hunted down and exterminated, soul power be damned. The problem is that not all humans are evil beyond belief. What humans possess in raw rage, hatred, and dark deeds, they make up for with equal quantities of love, generosity, and care for others."

A few moments pass as Diablo closes his eyes. "You weren't alive for this, but perhaps you can understand the situation on Earth before it was destroyed if I explain it carefully. Are you familiar with Mermaids?"

I raise an eyebrow at him. "Yes. Why do you ask?"

"Mermaids were a folk tale among humans. Some swore they existed, while others wrote them off as a tall tale for children's stories. Of course, Mermaids did exist, and they all died when the planet was destroyed, but they provide an excellent example of the human psyche."

Intrigued, I nod along. "How so?"

"The worst humans would lavish their lustful desires on mermaids, hunt them down, capture them, and do horrendous, vile things. Some would hunt mermaids for sport, turning their corpses into trophies to show off. However, the best humans would protect the mermaids with their very lives, offer them any amount of sanctuary, and would even form guilds on the sea to hunt down pirates and slavers. This is why the myth of mermaids persisted, even long after they had gone into hiding in the deepest trenches of the oceans. Occasionally, some lucky sailor would be treated to a kiss due to a mermaid observing his kindness. Perhaps he would release fish in secret back to the seas, and later would be tossed overboard by his more unscrupulous companions. The mermaid, seeing his kind heart, would swim the poor sailor back to land, saving his life."

Diablo finishes, and I continue nodding. "I see. So, what you're saying is that there are good humans, and bad ones?"

"Not exactly," Diablo sighs. "Humans tend to be very pure, or very evil. Most wars were caused by their worst, and yet they were usually ended by their best. The fact that demons are living peacefully among humans in their city proves they can show kindness toward our kind, even after all the fighting both sides have endured."

I quickly point at him. "Haven't you forgotten? The human king, Elshard, locked all of the demons in Hero City in work camps."

"Tch. After several demons attacked him in the safety of his palace," Diablo says, as he waves his finger at me chidingly. "And it was Jason Hiro, the one you hate so much, who had the demons released once he returned. Funny, hasn't he been the one trying to bring peace among the sentients for several years now?" Diablo suddenly glares at me. "And don't give me that bullshit about him killing and enslaving you. I know the trouble you've caused over the years, especially during your youth. You were a naive, petulant imp, from what I've heard."

The candle flickers in the room, and I cross my arms and legs, then lean back in my chair. "It's not the same thing."

"He was alone in the Labyrinth, demonic enemies at all sides. Once he began to understand the scope of the world he had arrived in, Jason Hiro began undertaking steps to repair the damage he'd caused. You were one of his victims, but he tried to help you fit in. He gave you a purpose and things to do, even if you loathed him for it. Honestly, he was too good to you."

"Too good?" I repeat Diablo's words, tasting them and rolling them around on my tongue. "Maybe you are a human-lover, after all."

Diablo's knuckles crack as he stretches once more before standing up. "Look, Beelzebub, it's simple. Humans ruled by a righteous leader will gravitate toward becoming a wonderful, loving, caring society. However, if they are taken over by a lunatic, a madman, one bent on the destruction of our kind, they may grow to be unstoppable. Why not lay the foundations of peace now? If you continue to attack them, you will only give their worst elements a voice. They will preach to any who will listen, and they will say 'Look! The demons are as evil as we warned! We should build horrible new weapons and wipe them out!' Is that what you want?"

"Well, no. I don't believe the humans can wipe us out, though. Even with the help of the Wordsmith, our numbers are too great. We can hold them back indefinitely."

Finally, Diablo grows silent. He eyes me cautiously, and a dreadful feeling fills the air. His mood darkens.

"What if humans aren't the real enemy? What if I told you there was another?"

"Another?" I force a smile. "You mean the Volgrim? Admittedly, they have technology that puts humanity to shame, but-"

"Not the Volgrim." Diablo shakes his head slowly. "Not angels, humans, or Volgrim. Something else. Something... worse. A plague."

My memories trace back to the battle between Jason Alpha and Satan. One piece stands out from everything else.

Quietly, my voice nearly a whisper, I force the words out. "Sentinels..."

"Huh? No, dumbass! Not the Sentinels either!" Diablo jumps from his seat and claps his hands together. "Something worse than- alright, seven devils, I'll just say it."

He pauses to draw a breath. "The Volgrim have been fighting an enemy in secret for millions of years. The reason the Volgrim care so little about the Labyrinth or exterminating us or anything else... they don't have the time or the resources to spare. The enemy they fight are unstoppable killers, which the Volgrim have dubbed 'Kolvaxians'."

"Kolvaxians," I repeat the name to mark it in my memory. "Are they dangerous?"

"Supremely. In fact, I received news very recently that the Kolvaxians might be pushing to attack the Volgrim core systems. If they fall, the Labyrinth, and demonkind, will likely be next."

"Seriously?" I can barely contain my shock. "But... the Volgrim are..."

"Unstoppable? Hardly." Diablo slowly begins pacing, balling the bottom of his shirt up in his fists as he stomps back and forth. "The Volgrim, from my sporadic memories of the Energy Wars, lost several times to the humans. Only their unleashing of the Sentinels put an end to the war. Perhaps. Come to think of it; I don't remember how the Sentinels were defeated." Diablo taps his lip thoughtfully before shrugging and carrying on. "In any case, the Volgrim are far from infallible. I know little of the Kolvaxians beyond what I've gleaned from the Volgrim council when I visited them. They were always spoken of in hushed whispers, but I could tell they terrified the Elders."

While Diablo paces, I fit the puzzle together in my mind. "If I understand you correctly, you think we should ally with humans, not just because you think such a peace would be beneficial for us, but because it would help us fight the Kolvaxians more effectively. Does this mean we should seek to tighten our bonds with the Volgrim as well?"

"Yes, though I fear it is much too late for that now." Diablo starts for the door but pauses before opening it. "I believe the Volgrim are already dead on arrival. If my message reached him in time, Jason Hiro might be able to do something, but I can only hope he can save them. More likely than not, he will fail."

"Don't give the _fleshbag_ too much credit there, human-lover," I say, poking fun at the former Third Emperor. "I won't promise anything. Hell, you haven't answered the questions I asked when you first showed up."

"I have," Diablo replies, as he smiles at me. "The questions you spoke, and the questions you thought, they were not the same ones. I don't have the correct answers, anyway. I'm hardly omniscient. I'm just giving you my opinion."

For once, I smile at him genuinely. "Well, it helped. This is the second most useful thing you've ever done for me."

"What was the first?" Diablo glares at me suspiciously, before chuckling. "Oh, right. I hope you don't abuse the power I gave you. It comes with great responsibility."

"I won't. Everything I do, every step I take... is for the good of demonkind."

"As it should be." Diablo reaches for the door and pulls it open. "You know, Beelzebub, you should find a mate. If you get rid of some of your pent-up frustration occasionally, it'll do wonders to clear your mind. Perhaps that cute thing you call a guard?"

"Pass," I hiss at him. "Don't press your luck, old bat."

"Hey, I'm just sayin'." Diablo steps out the door and pulls it shut behind him. Just before he leaves, he says, "Take care, young one."

Minutes pass. I stare at the entrance, half-expecting him to come walking back through, but he doesn't.

Ally with the humans, huh? Should I?

I... hate them. Genuinely. Wholeheartedly.

I could never shake hands with that Elshard... the worthless king who shoved me into a work camp. Not even Jason Hiro could encourage me to form a bond with humanity.

However... there is one I don't hate. Not a human, but...
