Part 363a - Framed

The viewscreen came to life and froze for several minutes on a pure white image as the signal waited for the receiving end to connect. Jorge rubbed his hands together nervously and wiped at his face every now and again. The clock on the wall ticked down and it took all his control not to burst into tears.

_Get it together, man._

He goaded himself angrily as he thought about what he'd done. _I cheated. Jesus Christ. I can't believe myself._

Amy would never cheat on him. She'd prodded him and winked and giggled about the Supreme Commander, but he knew deep down she'd never do such a thing. Then when he did the worst thing a man could do to his beloved wife, the gods themselves reached out and punished him.

_And I deserved it too. But... Sarah didn't deserve it. Shit!_

God was a cruel bastard. No... Jorge felt it, deep in his heart. There was no god. They were all fakes... false persuaders. God had nothing to do with this.

His wife and daughter had been on the way to church though. _Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe this really was a punishment for my infidelity. How can I face her after this?_

The screen shifted from pure white to an empty room, making Jorge stiffen as his eyes shot to the center of the screen. A set of chairs and a couch were beside each other, but nobody was there. An eerie silence filled the room on the other side of the broadcast, and Jorge felt himself lean forwards slightly, as if trying to peek around a corner that wasn't there.

Another minute passed, and finally an older man shuffled onscreen, his hospital lab-coat and thick rimmed glasses indicating he was some sort of surgeon. His nameplate said something, but Jorge couldn't quite make it out.

"Oh, erm, you're the husband of Amy Gutierrez, correct?" He looked at an old fashioned clipboard in his hand and lightly lifted a page an inch or so. "Jorge L. Gutierrez?"

"Y-yes. That's correct."

The man nodded slowly as he lowered the clipboard slightly. "I do regret to inform you of this, Mister Gutierrez, but your wife will not be able to speak to you in her present condition."

Jorge felt his heart in his throat as he waited for the doctor to elaborate, but he simply stopped there, as if that was all he needed to say. "Her present condition? What do you mean? Is she doing badly?"

"Hard to say, honestly." The doctor forced a weak smile, but then stopped, as if remembering he shouldn't even hint at a positive emotion during a trying time like this. "Her body is in perfect condition. The condition of the vehicle she was in and the results from the rapid response crash investigator indicated she must have slammed her head into the dashboard, causing a severe skull fracture... but her body is in absolutely pristine condition. She simply will not wake up." He shook his head slowly. "I don't get it. In all my years, I've never seen a case so perplexing. One for the medical books, that one is."

"I'm right here, you know." Jorge stopped himself from glaring madly at the doctor onscreen. He seemed almost senile, or perhaps he was just a sociopath who didn't understand normal emotions. Working with people who died constantly could ravage one's sanity over a long period of time, not that it was any comfort to Jorge in that moment.

"Yes, yes. My apologies." The doctor scratched the back of his neck and bit his lip as he averted his eyes from the man before him. "In any case, it all depends on if she wakes up. You're free to visit her if you like, but the best I can do for you right now is show you a picture of her."

"I'm about a thousand lightyears from Earth, doctor. A visit is out of-" Jorge stopped himself, before mentally facepalming. _Hawkeye can probably get me home in the blink of an eye._ "Never mind, I'll see what I can do. And... ah, Sarah. My daughter. Did she... did she at least g-go quickly?" He choked slightly as tears formed in his eyes. _I can't break down right now. My wife would want me to be strong for her._

"I assure you, Mister Gutierrez, her passing was instant. I doubt she felt a thing." The doctor shuffled on his feet but Jorge was staring at the ground as he wiped his eyes. He didn't even notice the doctor's gaze as a hand beckoned him offscreen. "Sorry to leave so abruptly, but duty calls. I have three other patients from the crash I must see to."

"Yeah. No problem, doc. Thanks." Jorge mumbled half-heartedly, and when he looked up, the doctor was already gone, the quiet sound of a door hissing shut barely audible in the background.

"Harsh." A voice spoke up suddenly and Jorge flinched in his seat, surprised to see Hawkeye silently entering the room. "I heard some of it. Your wife probably suffered mental damage that Jason was unable to heal properly. We can heal the body, but not the mind... or the soul."

"Fuck." Jorge let the word slip without thinking. "This is my fault."

"Not really, but you certainly aren't blameless." Hawkeye, ever the persistent one, didn't let up. "You picked a fine day to cheat. Luckily, unless Doctor Frey blabs about it, it should stay between the three of us."

"I'm sorry." Jorge sighed in defeat, but this only seemed to annoy the clone standing in the doorway.

"There's no reason to apologize to me. Rather, if your wife wakes up, you should apologize to her. Hell, it probably doesn't even matter anymore." Hawkeye seemed to spit the words out as he stared at the now blank viewscreen in frustration. "You can't bring back your daughter. She's gone, now. Keeping things between you and me might be for the better... Amy's already heartbroken enough."

Jorge stared silently at the ground for a few moments. "You said 'if' my wife wakes up. Do you think there's a chance... she won't?"

"I don't know. I'm not a doctor, not in the slightest. I've done far more research and practice with my abilities than even the Original has, yet I still know so little. If she's in a coma after being healed, she might not awaken for a few days, or weeks, or even months."

"Or years." Jorge finished the sentence as he leaned back in the couch and instead stared at the ceiling. "I'm a failure."

"Come on, that's not the attitude to keep." Hawkeye walked over and sat down next to Jorge, gently punching him in the arm. "Tell you what, this crew can go on without you. I'll send you home, and you spend every day by your wife's side until she wakes up. How does that sound?"

"That's... for the best." Jorge smiled at Hawkeye, but his returned expression was blank, maybe even stern.

"There's more."

"Come again?"

"I spoke with the doctor. Miss Frey." Hawkeye licked his lips slowly as he kept his eyes locked onto Jorge's. "She told me that you coerced her into your room, were acting very strange, and then you sexually assaulted her."

Jorge felt his mouth start to form words, but his mind was totally empty. "What?"

"You were drunk at the party. Everyone knows that. You also get rather mouthy when you've had a few too many. Problem is, I'm reading your mind, and I've read hers, and I can't tell if she's lying or not." Hawkeye grinned imperceptibly. "So what is it? Did you or did you not?"

"No... I wouldn't do that..." Jorge felt his gaze slip away as he looked at the ground. _Would I? I can't remember last night at all. I barely remember what we did once we were in bed. Would I do that?_

"I don't know if you did or not, but if the rumors get out on the ship, it'll be major problems for the both of us. Her story sounds credible enough, though I doubt her words. The last thing I need is a ship wracked by scandal." Hawkeye stood up abruptly. "So yeah, it's for the best you are no longer a part of this mission. No hard feelings, I hope? You need to be with your wife anyway."

"Yeah. My wife. Need to be with her." Jorge parroted the words, but he didn't understand their meaning. He felt so numb he could barely even think.

"I'll send you back to Earth in the morning. Make sure you say goodbye to your crew. They deserve that much from you. The official story will just be that your wife was in an accident and you're leaving to see her, nothing else."

"Thanks. I appreciate it."

Hawkeye tapped his foot slowly. "God, I hope she's lying. I really do." He turned towards the door and opened it up but froze in the doorway. "If I find out she isn't, there will be hell to pay. I'm not soft like the Original."

Without another word, he walked through the doorway, leaving Jorge to his thoughts.

...........................................................

Deep underground, in a large space carved out by hand and magic over several years, where no light could ever hope to penetrate, two demonic entities of darkness mucked about in silence.

_Relative_ silence, that is.

"So then I was like, 'Nooo don't attack Satan! Idiot, you'll die!' But then he was all like 'I am stronger now, you haven't seen my true power!' and he still got his ass whooped!"

Yama groaned as the being in the orb chattered at him nonstop. He always did this. "Can't you simply be silent for once in your existence?"

"Absolutely! All you have to do is give me back to Lady Belial! That's it, pal! Nothing to it!" The being inside the orb, 'Valac' as he called himself, was apparently a powerful demon lord from an age past, before even the Great War in Heaven that all demons spoke of in whispers. Despite this, he acted like an annoying loudmouth, and Yama had long since realized it was just an act so that he'd be annoyed enough to send the orb back to the Second Emperor.

"Your power is wasted on her. Females are inferior specimens compared to the male."

"Sounds like something an idiot would say! Females are so much nicer to look at, and so much kinder too! All you do is mope around all day, rasping about how you're going to kill all humans! You're just as boring as Satan, except all he does is blather about the angels! Two sides of the same coin!" The annoying falsetto Valac was deliberately putting in his voice seemed to have the desired effect of making Yama wish he had thought the capture out more carefully.

"It occurs to me that I should just stuff you in a box and only take you out for special situations."

Valac's cheerful demeanor seized up and he almost choked when he responded. "You wouldn't."

"I should find one of those energy nullifiers and stick it in the box with you. I think you'll find them quite relaxing."

"Fine. Geez." Valac sighed as his voice deepened slightly. "You're not much fun. Belial used to talk to me about her day... she always treated me nice."

"I am not Belial." Yama gnashed his teeth as the shadowy haze fell off his body. "You were right, though. The human female known as Amelia... I felt the presence inside of her. The dark one."

The demon in the orb groaned to himself silently. _Once again, this doofus is going on about that human girl._ "Why don't you just grab her and have your way with her already? After you do, let me go back to my own woman."

Yama seemed irritated by the suggestion. "Fool. I am beyond such worthless feelings."

"I doubt that. You clearly feel something towards her."

The Shadow didn't respond, as he merely seethed to himself wordlessly.

"Look, I was never much of a ladies man, understand? I sort of died in my prime on the field of battle. Still, you're worse than clueless, you're-"

Yama didn't let him finish. "I have had many trysts with dozens of females. All were before my evolution to a Shadow."

"Oh."

There was an awkward silence as Valac felt slightly irritated at the cocksure way Yama had just said that.

_What a jackass. I hate the way he humble-brags about everything. Must be nice to get to walk around and teleport and be all powerful and cool and awesome. At least he's a loner and doesn't receive any appreciation._

Valac mumbled and grumbled silently to himself as Yama stood up and walked away from the orb, staring at a mechanical clock in the room that normally would be totally impossible to read, given the lack of light. "Night draws near. We'll be going up to the surface in an hour or so."

"Hooray. You really hate the light, don't you?"

"Yes. It's like a burning pain all over my body, as if I were being dipped in fire head-first. The brighter the light, the more excruciating the pain."

"Hmm." Valac tapped on his lip in Yama's mind's eye. "Sounds rather inconvenient. Without a doubt, you are a very strong demon, and you definitely bested Belial, but that's a pretty troublesome weakness. Satan has no such weaknesses."

"Incorrect. Satan has at least one major weakness. I've already prodded him with it once, though I will admit his weakness is less acute than my own. Certainly harder to take advantage of."

"Oh yeah?" Valac perked up slightly, as he felt rather interested in this piece of news. "And what's that?"

"The female he loves, of course. Belial. Lilia, as he calls her in secret."

Valac felt his jaw slacken slightly. "Uh... do you mean like, taking her as a hostage or something? I don't see that accomplishing anything. He certainly cares for her, but- hey wait a minute! How do you know his secret name for her?"

Yama sighed as he picked up the orb and stared into it in the darkness of the room. "Everywhere there is darkness, I can see if I so choose. Naturally I keep an eye on him at all times, so I am privy to much private information."

"Great. A stalker's wet dream." Valac, ever the crude one, stuck his tongue out at the shadow. "You're a real creep, Yama."

"Thank you."

"It wasn't a compliment."