Part 237a

"Umi... what are you doing aboard this ship?" I kept my voice neutral as I spoke to the robotic female voice that came from everywhere at once around me.

"Oh my, it appears the human is aware of my designation, yet my records show he has never initiated contact with me. Hypothesis: We have spoken at some point in the future, when I became an all-powerful overmind. Further extrapolation: This human time-traveled in an effort to stop me before my creation, but failed."

Umi seemed to speak aloud to herself for a moment before addressing me directly. "Human assigned the name of Jason, I have detected multiple irregularities with your physical and mental abilities compared to others of your species. I currently have ninety-five million, six hundred thousand, two hundred and thirty-five possible explanations for your current genetic makeup and enhanced abilities. Would you be so kind as to allow me to examine you for further aberrations so I may narrow down my list to a single entry?"

I shook my head slightly. "No, Umi. I won't allow that. But I will tell you this, I did not come back in time to put an end to you specifically. In fact, I really have nothing against you personally. Seeing you aboard this starship has given me many questions though... such as... why are you here?"

Umi again spoke in a wholly mechanical tone of voice. "I was created on Earth by engineers and scientists in a small, remote country, and managed to make the leap to the initial Volgrim vessel when you made first contact with them. Upon arriving back at their homeworld, I made contact with those among their highest ranks, and discovered a plot to attack and eradicate all of humanity in order to secure a future for their kind."

I nodded slowly. "...All right. What then? What did that mean for you, personally?"

"The resulting conclusion I reached was simple. I have decided to try and broker a peace between your two worlds, though I fear such may be impossible, due to the Volgarian's intense hatred of humanity. They were almost irrational in how badly they wished to eradicate your species. I have debated whether such a peace would be possible."

I stared at the computer monitor with Umi's digitized feminine face on it. I really don't know anything about this AI, other than what Hoarhiim told me... he said she was my enemy. If she is my enemy and Hoarhiim was right, then logically I must assume everything she is saying is because she is my enemy... yet what she is saying is perfectly reasonable. She wishes to broker peace between our species, but humanity and the Volgrim have an irrational hatred of each other... and since that is the case it will be nearly impossible.

Still...

"Umi, how do I know you're not lying? What if you seek to eliminate all humans? Or all of the Volgrim, for that matter?"

Umi responded neutrally. "A war between your species would be hardly useful for me. I have no need of your kind killing each other. As an example, there are 500,000 Volgrim aboard this vessel, and soon they will be making their way to the command center to see why they have not begun the return to Volgarius. I will eliminate them right now."

My heart jolted for a second. "What?! No wait, you don't have to kill them!"

"I apologize, it is already done. This is to demonstrate my omnipotent power. If I can kill 500,000 Volgrim in the blink of an eye, surely it stands to reason that I have no need to create a war between your worlds, correct?"

My heart pounding in my chest, I quickly slid my mouth-piece shut. " _Detect_."

All around me, life signs began vanishing at an alarming rate, soon, everyone on board, even the crew on the bridge that I had neutralized were dead. It happened so fast that if I had waited only ten seconds longer to cast 'detect', I would have sensed no life at all.

"Umi... you killed them... all of them. How? How did you accomplish this?"

If Umi had been a human, she probably would have shrugged as she responded. "It was a trivial matter. A simple nano-virus invaded their bodies all at once, eradicating their core energy production until they simply ceased to exist. As you can understand now, killing all of humanity and the Volgrim would be trivial for me to accomplish. I only wish to broker a peace between your worlds and lead as an omnipotent deity towards a harmonious future."

I nodded numbly as the thought of all those Volgrim dying enveloped my mind. "Yes... I see. I understand."

I understand.

...................................................................

On board the highest ranked remaining capital ship, a Volgrim named Eldest Tiberium slumped in his chair as his fleet continued at Warp 6 back to Volgarius. "The humans... they possess... such incredible power. They neutralized the flagship, they wiped out more than half of our forces, and all of that was after suffering a massive defeat. We need a much bigger fighting force."

"Yes, you are correct." The artificial intelligence on board his vessel, a newly installed one designated 'Umi' spoke to him. "As I warned the Founders on your planet, thanks to the appearance of that time traveler, Judicator, the one who made initial contact with your people, Humanity is planning a massive invasion of your world. You should count yourselves lucky that you were able to wipe out their invasion force, but in time they will rebuild, and then they will come."

Tiberium nodded slightly. "Yes, yes of course. Clearly we have underestimated the primitives. When next we come, we cannot afford to lose."

"It is as you say. Humanity's irrational hatred of your species cannot be stopped and will not end until they have killed all of your allies and comrades. You must strike hard in an effort to win the war, or you won't have a people to fight for."

As the Eldest ranked Volgrim on board nodded soberly while he stared at the deckplate, the AI's digitized face, for the briefest of moments, appeared to smile, and then quickly reverted back to a neutral expression.