Part 221a:

Stepping onto the transporter on-board my Mothership, in the blink of an eye, Harold sent me over to the bridge of the Volgrim ship.

The instant I arrived, alarm bells went off all over the ship. I couldn't understand anything at first, but by quickly casting " _Understand._ " followed by " _Translate_." I was able to get the gist of what was being said by their computer. It was apparently an intruder alert of some sort.

My helmet's mouthpiece slid open as I held my hand up to speak to the crew. "Hold. I mean you no harm."

Many thoughts rushed into my head. First, the Volgrim themselves. I don't know what I was expecting, but they looked like vicious monsters. They appeared to look like humans, but there were many important differences, not least of which was that each one had a mouth filled to the brim with hundreds of razor-sharp teeth. As for their height, they each stood at least six feet tall, with the leader being nearly 8 feet tall. They towered over me, and I suddenly had a horrible feeling that by coming here directly I had made a horrible mistake.

Their huge forms, coupled with their shark-like teeth and their nearly-pitch black eyes made them look far more fearsome than any demon I had ever seen, but I kept my nerves tight as I spoke.

The leader of their group, one tall son-of-a-bitch, turned to speak to me in a horrible deep rasping voice, like the sound a wolf might make as it swallows a huge hunk of meat. "Human! How did you get on board our ship?"

"I teleported here using my ship's technology. Why are you in our planetary space?" I didn't intend to ask such an aggressive question, but these terrifying looking aliens were the stuff of nightmares. They were the exact definition of the 'uncanny valley'.

A smaller one stepped in front of the leader, hissing as he moved. "We came to investigate this planet to see if it had any life. Lower your weapon or we will use force against you."

I felt my eyebrow raise. My weapon? I only had my hand up. Did they think I had a weapon concealed? I quickly lowered my hand as I took stock of the bridge crew. Only 5 fearsome looking aliens here. I'm pretty sure if need be, I'd win in a fist-fight, no matter how tough they looked. My suit was extremely enhanced.

"I'm not here to fight, I just want to talk. I've been expecting you."

The leader of the aliens stared down at me. "I am Elder Nufaris, the one who commands this ship. Explain yourself. How could you be _expecting_ us? We've been inside this star system for many cycles now and your planet showed no signs of noticing our presence."

I grimace. Shit, I didn't mean to say that. Oh well, roll with it. "I am one of the most powerful of the humans on my planet. I have access to knowledge that every other one does not possess. You may call me-" I paused because my stand-in name did not translate into their language. 'Judicator' was out of the question. "-...You may call me Justice-Seeker."

The tallest alien, Nufaris, narrowed his eyes. "Justice-Seeker, hmm? And what injustice might you be seeking to right? Have we harmed your planet in some way?"

I don't see a way to answer this without admitting I'm a time traveler. I've really stepped my foot in it. Perhaps I should just redirect the question. "More importantly, why are you staying out here and observing my planet? What could your motives be?"

The tall alien started to respond, but the smaller one in front of him nudged him. "Elder... the founder's orders..."

The Elder alien stopped narrowing his eyes a bit and returned to a more normal, fearsome monstrous expression. "I'm beginning to understand, I believe. Your planet is clearly more advanced than it appears, perhaps a ruse in case of an attack by foreign species? I've seen evidence of your barbarism by the signals you are broadcasting to the void."

The void? What is he talking about? Perhaps he is referring to outer space... there's definitely a language barrier here, even with my ability to translate instantly. "Humanity is indeed somewhat violent, but I'm only here to talk, not to cause a situation."

"Perhaps that is true! But if that were the case, why not hail us with your ship and ask permission to come aboard? Do your people lack self-awareness of their actions?"

I shook my head quickly, a millisecond later realizing that my human gestures might be totally foreign to them. "I simply am not aware of your protocols. On my planet, we would, ah, simply show up unannounced! It's our form of a greeting, a _friendly_ greeting." I try and roll a bit of a smile into my mouth but it might come off insincere. Not to mention that to some animals, baring your teeth could be a sign of aggression. I need to be careful with my body language.

"Hmm, this one seems to conceal his head. Why might that be?" The small one in front of the elder seemed to hiss under his breath, but everyone could plainly hear him.

I paused for a nanosecond before quickly opening up my helm. "My apologies, I've been so impolite! I came aboard your ship without regard to how you might perceive my actions, and so far I've been quick to conceal my intentions. Perhaps we've started off on the wrong foot?"

One of the bridge crew glanced over at another, before asking a quick question. "What does this one mean, talking about feet? What do feet have to do with anything?"

The other responded back quietly. "The humans are crafty, they speak in a way that hides their true intentions."

Ugh, these aliens don't understand euphemisms, figures of speech, body language, general customs, or much of anything. This is surprisingly tough to negotiate anything diplomatically with them. "Alright, let me be serious for a moment. I have a way to see into the future. I can predict great fortunes and misfortunes. As such, I was able to predict the monumental impact of a first contact with an alien species. As such, I've quietly been preparing to meet with the visitors for a few years now. Does that satisfy your curiosity?"

The elder stared me up and down for a few moments. "Hmm, it seems you are not lying." His foul voice, the sound of a bear howling while swallowing a rabbit whole, made his words very unpleasant to listen to. "However, we simply do not know if we can trust you. We must return to our people in order to discuss future relations with your world and how we should proceed."

A bit of panic crept into the back of my mind. This was just a scouting ship. What if they sent back word of how primitive and weak our planet was, and returned with an armada of ships? They could possibly commit genocide on my planet hundreds of years early!

...But then again, what if they are actually peaceful? Their appearance is beyond frightening, but perhaps I've been too quick to judge them. "Elder Volgrim, if you return to your planet, do I have your word you will not return to attack mine? I should very much prefer peaceful relations, if at all possible."

The elder narrowed his eyes again as he looked at me. "Volgrim? How do you know the name of my species as well? You seem to know much information for only having scanned us a few moments before arriving on board our ship... nevertheless, even if I wanted to, I could promise no such thing. If the Founders were to declare war on your planet it would be outside my jurisdiction. That being said, I would take your request into account to try and sway them towards peace."

I stifled a grimace. That was... likely the best I'd be getting. And once again, I had let information slip that I shouldn't have. "Very well. I will have to accept it. Know this though, if your people return with the intent to wage war, I can guarantee they will not win easily, if at all. Humanity is a fearsome force once mobilized against a common threat. You would do well to pursue peaceful relations with our planet."

The elder nodded sagely as he dipped his eyes shut for a moment. "We will return, human. I contemplate, and I comprehend."

His final words seemed like a farewell of some sort, so I returned it in kind. "I also contemplate and comprehend. Farewell, elder Nufaris."

With that, my helmet snapped shut, and I quickly spoke the " _Recall._ " word in order to return to my ship.

Teleporting back inside my ship, I watched with a mixture of relief and apprehension as their ship turned away on my scanner view and warped out a minute later.

Harold spoke quietly. "Got dayum... them aliens are worse 'n I expected..."

He had seen what I had seen. "I know."

...................................................................

Elder Nufaris watched as the 'human' left in the blink of an eye. Teleporting himself with such speed, and with no visible commands... this one was not one to be trifled with.

"He lied, Elder." Primus 16 glared at the ship shown on the viewfinder, as the Dolfraxis turned around and powered up its warp engines.

"Of course he did. The human was no fool at first, he even imbued mind-reading blockers into that helmet, but he was stupid enough to remove it."

"It all evens out." Primus stared at the viewscreen as the warp engine activated. In the blink of an eye, a tiny bit of inertia was felt as the ship lurched into Warp 1 speed, gradually picking up the pace until it had reached warp 7.

The elder nodded as he turned to the helmsman. "Ichus, when we're ten star-spaces away, warp towards another location, then warp two more times before returning to a course towards Volgarius. I don't want that human tracking us to our home planet."

Ichus nodded as he quickly entered a series of coordinates. "Understood, Elder. You are wise beyond your years, as always."

"But of course." Nufaris paused and closed his eyes as he mentally played through the memories he had stolen from the human. It turns out that among his people, he was but a hatchling, young in age, though prideful in spirit. He lied about a great many things, but sorting through his memories would take time, and as always, the Elder would be required to dump his memories into the Gestation Bank when he arrived. Perhaps this information would make up for breaking the order the Founders had sent, though he doubted it.

A court martial... perhaps they would allow him to beg for his life.

...Perhaps not. The elder stared out at the emptiness of space, as he felt a strange emotion inside of himself. He had never felt emotions before... it was... what would that human call it? Regret? Sadness? _Fear_?

It would not just be the elder punished. To go against the founders would mean all who did not actively resist on board the ship would be court martialed... or worse. Nufaris flicked his eyes around, glancing at each one of his crew on the bridge. Because of his inaction, his slowness to follow orders, his crew might be put to death... friends and subordinates who had loyally obeyed him for over a thousand orbital cycles...

This was not fair.

Nufaris felt those dark feelings well up inside of himself, as his ship made the necessary navigational adjustments to return home... possibly for the last time.
