Part 229a

"The European Front is being devastated! Their weapons far outmatch ours! Where is Russia?! Where is Egypt?! Where is the USA?!" Commander Beatrix, a stalwart woman of British descent, eyed her nav-console as it blinked red, indicating minor damage to the hull. On-board the United Earth Forces "Destroyer-Class" dreadnought, the UEF Braddock was engaging in battle against the surprise attack force of the Volgrim, who had ambushed her fleet from out of nowhere.

Indications given to her by communications from the Earth's surface had been that the Volgrim were neither enemies nor allies as of yet. Humanity's first and only communication with the initial scout ship hadn't leaned one way or the other, so why the devil were they attacking?!

"Don't just stand there, Summers, fire a volley back at them! Fire ten volleys! Get the prime minister on the line, Barnaby! Lewis, get the ships in formation, on the double!" Beatrix barked orders at the men on the bridge as people scrambled into position, the sudden surprise attack having caught everyone off-guard.

All while she yelled, Beatrix found herself asking one simple question over and over again. _Why the surprise attack? What do they hope to gain?_

As the assault continued, Beatrix glanced over just in time to see other UEF ships dropping out of light-speed, having taken mere seconds to arrive after they received the distress signal. They had been out patrolling the opposite side of the Terran System, on the other side of the Earth, and at light-speed, it was a tiny distance to travel.

"Fantastic, now the men are here to steal the credit." Beatrix rolled her eyes as she swiveled her portly body towards the action on the forward command center. "Make sure the smaller fighters aren't being blasted to smithereens in the cross-fire, Allen! We want to hit the aliens, you idiot, not our own people!"

...................................................................

_Five years earlier._

Elder Nufaris sighed lightly, as his ship docked into Station 0001, the main hub on Volgarius. The massive hangar housed over ten thousand ships from varying dignitaries and other extremely high ranked Volgarians. Naturally, this hangar bay was built in such a way that it connected directly to the Imperial Skyscraper, a building thousands of floors tall, where the only way to get from one floor to another was via the teleporter network.

Unlike the diminutive planet of Earth that Nufaris had seen, Volgarius was a massive planet, more on par with the fifth planet in the star system (now labeled 'Sol') than the third planet. Home to over twelve trillion Volgarians, much of the planet was comprised of metal since nearly every part of the surface was built on. Having mined out the other three planets in their star system, they had probably added 2% extra density to their planet by bringing all those raw materials to the planet surface and building with them. Of the four planets in their system, only Volgarius had any ability to sustain life.

But what shocked Elder Nufaris to his core upon arrival was none of these things. It was the sight of a planetoid sized object orbiting Volgarius. He was able to read up on news of things that had happened while he was away for a thousand orbits or so, and was shocked to find that the Founders had decided to create a secondary planet for Volgarians to live on, and in. This new planet comprised of metal (and not much more) was about half the size of the third planet in the Sol system, equipped with its own highly advanced propulsion system. The Founders, as he knew all too well, were very worried about the chances of Volgarius surviving another thousand orbits.

The star they orbited had decreased in luminosity and heat by 40% and appeared to be running out of fuel over the last millennium or so. As Elder Nufaris had recently learned during the docking process, they had created the faux planet 'Refuge' in order to save the lives of a few billion Volgarians in the event their planet became inhospitable to life.

Primus, the assistant designated to work for Nufaris, stared out the viewport as he absorbed the sights of Volgarius. "The homeworld is far bigger than I ever imagined."

"It's bigger than some of the worlds we chanced across during our travels. It's smaller than others. What intrigues me is how those from Earth had their life formed on such a small planet. Theirs is a fraction the size of Volgarius, yet it is very lush, with many forms of life to be found."

"I suppose life finds a way." Primus 16 stared out the viewport as the ship slowly touched down on the landing pad, impacting the hangar bay with a soft _thud_ inside the ship. "Another happy landing."

The two Volgarians exited the ship, their crew staying behind to deliver reports about what they had been through over the last thousand orbits and how the ship had fared. Before they had even reached the bottom of the exit ramp, ten armed guards walked up to them and stood at attention to their left and right sides, their weapons at the ready. An eleventh guard walked up. "Elder Nufaris. We're here to escort you directly to the Founders. You are to arrive there in ten ticks on the dot or you will face severe repercussions."

Nufaris sighed slowly. "Of course. Lead on."

Primus didn't appear happy at this news, but he knew when the Earthling had initiated contact that they had already failed. They allowed themselves to be outmaneuvered by the inferior species, and this would likely lead to a court martial, at best, if they were lucky.

The ten guards took up a single file formation behind the two of them, as they walked the long distance to the Imperial Transporter Hub, where they would be taken to the top of the skyscraper that held the leaders of their people.

As they walked, Nufaris turned to the head security officer. "Duplis, how have things been here on Volgarius? I've been gone for a very, very long time."

Duplis shook his head slightly. "I'm not supposed to talk to you or tell you anything, Nufaris. I certainly won't tell you that behind the scenes, it's looking grim. Very grim." He spoke in a low voice so the others behind them wouldn't hear exactly what he said. Nufaris got the idea.

"I understand. Glad to see you've moved up from being a cadet, back in the day."

"A lot has changed, Nufaris. A _lot_ has changed."

They entered the teleporter and Nufaris took a deep breath as they arrived in the main lobby of the penthouse suite on the highest floor, where the Founders lived. Ahead of them was the door that led to the board room where Nufaris and his crew's fates would be sealed.