Part 068: Loss

Peter stared at the corpse of General Roland. "He was there for me the whole time. It was his sacrifice that let me be among the living now."

He slowly turned and his eyes glossed over as he saw the bodies of all his comrades. "Well... you were right. They are resting now. At least they will be at peace in the bosom of the 7 goddesses."

I nodded. "Can you tell us what happened?"

Peter grimaced as the memories came flooding back. "It was... overwhelming."

...................................................................

"General! They're coming!" Dmitri, the front guardsman, turned his square shield towards the horde of skeletons racing towards us. I pulled out my bow and arrow and started firing as fast as I could. My arrows barely seemed to be doing any damage though.

"No! Use a crushing weapon! Get a mace or use the flat side of your sword!" Roland cried out. I didn't know why he said this, but he spoke correctly. Rushing forwards, I started striking the skeletons on the head with the flat side of my sword, and their bones caved in like a knife cutting through a soft cake. But slashing them seemed to be ineffective.

Richard, our only magician, but a talented mage as it were, began casting an anti-undead spell. "Hold them off! I will prepare Searing Light!"

"Understood!" Screamed the four men holding off a horde of more than a hundred tightly packed skeleton warriors. I was among those men.

A full minute passed. "Richard!!! The spell! Is it ready?!" I screamed back at him, as I deflected another skeleton sword that I stopped inches from beheading me.

I somehow spared a quick glance back. Richard was panting with exhaustion as he prepared what was likely the most powerful spell of his life. I didn't expect a verbal answer, I just wanted to communicate how dire our situation was. Lucas had already taken a bad hit and Jeremiah had pulled him back and taken his spot. With Richard not only focused on his massive spell, but the fact that he would likely be too exhausted afterwards, Lucas was the likeliest to die first.

"Hang in there, soldier! Don't you dare die on me and leave that beautiful wife of yours alone with your son!" Roland roared at him as he charged and attacked a rather large looking orc that had shoved its way through the mass of enemies and thrown Dmitri and myself to the side. We quickly regained our footing and left the Orc to the General. He could handle it.

Suddenly from behind me, there was an insanely bright light, it blinded us temporarily which would ordinarily be a death sentence, but for the fact that it was designed to do far worse things to the enemies we were fighting.

"Unholy abominations, in the names of the seven goddesses, begone from this world!" Roared Richard, as he blasted a wave of light from his body. For a split second, he had looked so beautiful, one would be forgiven if they were to think of him as an angel.

The blast didn't just kill the undead, it obliterated them. Normally undead make no noise as they fight other than the sound of their bones or weapons hitting metal. But the instant the light hit them, they _screamed_ a delightfully awful scream as whatever poor souls they may have had were evaporated and sent upwards to the goddesses.

And when my vision came back seconds later, the entire hallway was empty. The light had flashed forwards and kept going around the bends and twists for probably a mile around us in all directions. We were safe from the skeletons now.

Turning back around to face Richard as my chest heaved in and out, I watched as he collapsed to the ground. Damn, it took a worse toll on him than I expected. Without our resident bishop, we were on our own when it came to injuries. The General had already slain the orc, and was resting on the ground, sitting on his rump. "Godesses. That was insane. Richard, are you alright?"

Richard laid on the floor, his arms and legs unmoving. His breaths came in the form of ragged gasps. "Hahhh... yes general, but I'll be- hahhhh I'll be of no use anymore... I need weeks of sleep to recover from... this..." and suddenly his eyes closed, and he was fast asleep. Magic took not just a physical and spiritual toll on him, but a mental toll as well. Casting that one spell to him was like staying awake for two weeks straight.

We quickly got up and dragged his sleeping body over to the wall and laid him there.

"Shit. Damn! Lucas is down too, and without Richard..." Dmitri cursed our luck as he held Lucas' dying body in his hands. "Stay with us! You're a great warrior! You won't die in this world of hell! You must return to your family!"

Lucas slowly shook his head as his eyes started to turn cold. "I never could beat you... in a fair match. This is your win..." and as he said that, his hands slowly dropped to his side and he gave a final sigh as the breath left his body.

Dmitri fought back tears valiantly. "No... I'd rather lose than win... if this is what winning means...!"

"General! M-more are coming!" Jeremiah, the person currently on lookout, rose to his full standing position from his kneeled resting position. Fatigue was evident.

"Curses! It's only been five minutes! We need more time!" I yelled angrily as the realization that another unwinnable fight was upon us hit me.

"Ready yourselves. If these skeletons want a fight, then as warriors of the 7 goddesses, we shall put an end to their miserable existences!" Roland gave a small rousing speech as we all staggered back towards the battlefield, leaving the bodies of our two comrades behind us.

But we were wrong. What came around that corner was no skeleton. It was a _true_ monster.
