Part 308a

The food isn't bad, honestly. Amelia watches intently as I spoon bite after bite into my facehole. Her gaze is very serious as I watch the mental debates raging in her mind. "Well? Is it any good?"

Normally, I'd offer critique, but considering it was her first attempt in her entire life, I decide not to. "Yep. This is good stuff. You must have been listening to Helen very carefully!"

Amelia cocks a silly grin as she finally gets up and wanders away from the table. "I wish I could taste it too, but I'm glad at least you enjoy it. I've never cooked before, you know. Isn't this what most girls are supposed to do?"

I shrugged, though she was looking out the window and didn't see the motion. "Maybe. From what I've heard though, most people have robots cook their food, or they just assemble it with a molecular recombiner. For me, I love that home-cooked taste though."

Amelia turned back and smiled even harder. "Helen says that robots can't put any love into it, that means it's a woman's job to make the food properly! Still, it's going to be hard to make food if I have no idea how it will end up tasting..."

Helen of course, was a very old fashioned woman. Born at the turn of the 1900's and having died around the 1950's or so, she was from a time over two hundred years in the past now. It was incomparable to the time we lived in now. The values were different, the technology was more primitive, people tended to die young thanks to disease... but in this era, could it be said that everything had been improved? Certainly, life was more convenient, but were it not for the pressing issue of a Volgrim invasion always bearing down on us, humans might quickly go back to a sedentary lifestyle, living lazily off the work of robots and computers instead of working to better themselves.

Helen came from a time where everyone had a 'role' they were expected to live. It was oppressive in many ways, but it likely gave her life a sort of goal to strive for, and there was always the fact she could buck the trend if she wanted to and go her own way. If anything, a life like that was more free, in my eyes, than a society merely existing to consume.

The Volgrim are a non-threat now. With only the demons left, and a strongman sort of leader to run the planet, it was even likely humanity might eradicate the demons without my aid. But if the demons stopped existing as a threat, what would humanity do next?

The thought sends shivers up my spine. As I dip another bite of vegetable beef soup into my mouth, I suddenly realize what would happen; the angels would be eradicated next. Humans, for some reason, always need an enemy. Whether they fight themselves or fight an outside threat, it means little. But if given the choice, they always fight the threat that is 'not like them'. Morality takes a backseat to those who hunger for power. Many dictators have turned this hatred of the 'other' against those who were inconvenient or who were easy targets. I could only pray the Angels never fit that description.

My thoughts are interrupted by another thought that seems to sprout up by itself. Amelia said that a woman had to put her 'love' into making the food, because that's what makes it better tasting than a robotically made meal. Is she saying she's capable of love now? Is... is she saying she _loves me_? Ridiculous. A mass murdering psychopathic monster shouldn't be capable of love.

I think.

Come to think of it, I fit that description now... don't I? I murdered an entire planet of people. Amelia did too, but to be fair, that hasn't happened yet. In this timeline she only, err, devours helpless victims while they scream and beg for mercy.

...Yeah, that's worse, in many ways.

But then again, who am I to judge her? Ever since I started using 'satiate' on her, she has become more docile, more friendly, more cheerful, and less gloomy. She has shown on several occasions that she has a conscience. Has she been merely consuming life because she was forced to do so? Will she perhaps die if she doesn't?

Then there's the matter of... the _thing_ inside of her. What is it? I can remember once, when I searched for her, it... it looked at me. It spoke to me. Just a few words, but they were terrifying. Whatever it is, it can't be just a figment of her imagination. She, just like Satan, has something terribly evil deep inside of herself.

So perhaps I've been wrong, all these years. Perhaps I've judged her for actions she can't control. Maybe she is a good girl, deep down, but she loses control because the vicious creature inside of her forces her to act to ensure its own survival.

I watch as Amelia patters over to the table, holding a chessboard in her hands. "Do you want to play a game after you're done?"

I take another bite of soup as I smile at her. "Sure, that sounds like fun."

Ben stared soberly at the Supreme Commander, noting with a slightly elevated interest that he wasn't wearing his traditional black suit, but rather the formal space navy attire the Supreme Commander would usually wear. Of course, given his immense size, it had likely been custom tailored, so it made sense it would take so long for him to finally obtain it.

They stood on the viewing deck of the Command Ship, the Supreme Commander having been shuttled up about an hour before. Interestingly, Ben couldn't help but admire the Supreme Commander for taking time before his arrival to also speak with various military men and women along the way. He was, surprisingly, a very hospitable commander and was quite admired by the common man and woman.

Despite that, he now stood beside Ben and wasn't a minute late for the scheduled arrival. His sense of timing was impeccable.

"You have heard the big news, da?" Stonewall took a seat on a bench that overlooked the view of Earth directly outside the massive plexiglass window.

Ben nodded as he followed suit, taking a seat and beckoning to one of his nearby assistants. "Yeah, I heard. Can't say I'm exactly happy, but I understand why you did it." As the assistant walked over, Ben waited politely for him to arrive in the informal speaking zone, about ten feet away. "Get us some coffee, if you please. Black for me. Commander Stonewall will take...?"

He glanced at Stonewall expectantly. "Three cubes of sugar. I can't resist the stuff." The Supreme Commander lightly patted his belly for emphasis. The assistant nodded quickly as he hurried away. "Judicator was problem for us. Untrustworthy, if you ask me. I did not want to make such decision, but being Supreme Commander means I must make tough decisions all the time. Someday, you will know."

Ben chuckled. "Nah, I don't see myself rising that high. I couldn't handle the responsibility."

Stonewall shook his head slowly. "I would not be so sure, Mister Brown. You have solid credentials, many victories under belt, and respect of many men. You are one of few men I can trust in military." Stonewall leaned back in his seat and frowned slightly. "Not like that other man, Judicator. I know he was good friend of yours, but you should think of your future. Man like him will hold you down, prevent your advancement. You must think of self in times like these, da."

Ben shrugged as he felt doubt creep into his mind. "I mean, I'm not angry he destroyed Volgarius. I can't say it was the absolutely best choice, and I'm sure he had good reasons for doing that, but still, it was genocidal in scale and he did it after I lost many good men and women. It's... there's just so many other ways that day could have turned out."

Stonewall nodded solemnly as the assistant came back with two cups of coffee in his hand. "Here you go, Ambassador, Supreme Commander. Let me know if you need anything else." Handing both of them the coffee, he bowed slightly, his body posture awkward as he scurried away with his head held high. Serving two of the highest ranking military commanders as a fresh recruit was probably the highlight of his day.

"Da, it was not best choice necessarily, but you are correct to have doubt about him. If he would not consult you about such a drastic measure, what else might he not ask you about?" Stonewall smirked slightly as Ben caught sight of a knowing glimmer in his eye.

"What are you implying?" Ben cocked an eyebrow as he took a sip of the bitter liquid. It was at just the right temperature, a miracle of modern food assemblers.

Stonewall shrugged as he took a swig of his own sweetened beverage. "Who can know? A man with such power must have many secrets. Perhaps he hides them from you for your own good... perhaps for his own good. Come now, surely you don't think he has never told lie to you before, da?"

Ben started to take a sip of his coffee, but he paused as a thought entered his mind. "He... revealed his identity to me. Not long ago. He never told me, for all the time that I knew him... but he told me only a bit before this mission. I kept wondering why he hadn't revealed this in all the years I knew him..." Ben scratched his chin thoughtfully. "Maybe you're right. I don't know."

Stonewall raised his eyebrows in mock surprise. "Wow! He didn't tell you his identity for all that time? He was quick to inform me when we first met. Jason Hiro, as I recall. I wonder why he wouldn't tell you such a simple thing, given you were good friends."

"He... he told you his identity? He didn't even tell Beatrix. Why would he tell you that?"

"Respect." Stonewall shrugged slightly. "I believe he respected me, feared me even, so he sought to get in my good graces. However, I value merit and ability as well as trustworthiness over feeble attempts at friendship, so it held no sway over me. Perhaps, much like how he did not respect weak woman like Beatrix... perhaps Jason did not respect you either."

Ben started to shake his head, but Stonewall interrupted him. "Think about it. You were never asked for opinion about destroying planet. If he wouldn't speak with you about such important moment, do you think he had respect for you?"

Ben gritted his teeth as he realized his hands were shaking, his coffee sloshed around in the cup slightly. Now he finally understood. "This is what you meant when we spoke, that day. You said he was an easily predictable man. You said you knew what he was going to do and that if I knew, I could predict his movements too."

Stonewall nodded sagely as he polished off his own cup. "Now you understand. He is selfish person, thinking only of himself. He cares not for you or me or anyone else, only that he creates ideal future where he is a god over all. Man like him is easy to read, if you know what signs to look for. Take heart though, I value man of quality and trustworthy character, such as yourself. I will not treat you so flippantly as he did."

Ben coughed as he quickly swigged the hot, bitter juice down. "Thank you, Supreme Commander. I understand now, you are truly wise beyond your years. I would do well to listen more carefully to your advice in the future."

"Da, is true. I am humble man, but I know people well." Stonewall gently put his hand on Ben's shoulder. "Since I am good at knowing people, I know you will be great asset. Humanity has many enemies, and we will need your talents to flush them out."

As Ben nodded with a smile, Stonewall paused. "By the way, your current title... Ambassador... it won't do. With Volgrim destroyed, diplomacy is no longer option. From now on, I am naming you Exalted Commander. You will be second under myself, understand? This is no small promotion, either. I will be training you in case I should... meet an unfortunate end. But of course, we hope that doesn't happen, da."

Ben nodded awkwardly. "Yeah, let's hope not. Thank you for the promotion, Commander Stonewall. You're an inspiration to all of us."

Stonewall smiled back, as he turned to stare out the window towards space. _So many enemies out there. With this man's help, I will begin to undo the damage decades of Beatrix's weak rule has wrought upon our world._

Satan grimaced as he concentrated his mind, forming the hand signs and magical words to expand the dimensional space before him. " _Do vil nos relic mik'tosh._ " As he concentrated intensely, the darkness before him changed, shaping itself into walls and a long hallway, expanding his pet project further than it had ever been pressed before. Gasping for breath, he stumbled backwards as a wave of nausea overcame him. "Damn. It takes so much energy these days."

Belial stood behind him, holding the black orb he had given her all those centuries ago. General Valac mulled around inside of it, having been frozen there for thousands of years now. By sheer force of will, he had managed to drown out the other voices and prevent himself from fading into the background forever. The Orb of Darkness was one that seemed to suck in the souls of the dead, though how it worked had been a mystery for millennia now. One that Belial didn't care the slightest about solving.

Valac was the first to respond. "Lord Satan, why must you continue to expend energy on this labyrinth? I'm sure you have your reasons, but with the Volgrim gone, we would seem to have more pressing matters to attend to."

Satan wiped the sweat from his forehead as he flopped down and laid on the ground. "In truth, perhaps. However, by expending power, I give myself room to grow. Each time I expend power, I increase the cap on my abilities, allowing me to use more the next time I do so. Therefore, this is a fitting way to spend my time, even if you don't understand."

Valac beamed an image of himself raising an eyebrow into the minds of Satan and Belial. "Is that really how it works? I don't recall that being the case when I was still alive."

Belial giggled. "Hee! He got that ability from a hero he killed some centuries ago."

Satan closed his eyes as he struggled mightily to remember that day. "I no longer remember her face or name, but yes, her ability has served me well, greatly increasing my magical power. And ever since my showdown with that hero... Judicator... I came to realize I was not powerful enough to face him. For once, a hero appeared who was my equal. Even when I killed him, the damned fool somehow beat me senseless and damn near killed me, after he had died. Then he came back from the dead! Truly, that man is an enigma."

Belial nodded slowly as she recalled the private conversation she had shared with him. "Indeed, he was quite the interesting fellow. Still you can't possibly fear him, can you, my love?"

"Of course not. He is merely an obstacle to overcome. Compared with the might of the archangels and Zeus' combined power, he is nothing. Those are my final foe, my endgame. If I ever have one wish, it is to exact my revenge upon them in full."

Valac nodded. "If I were alive, I'd be willing to face Zeus in mortal combat. I'd die, of course... but just once, I'd really like to have the chance to punch that smug son of a titan right in the face."

Belial rolled her eyes dramatically. "There you go again with that 'if I were still alive' talk. Aren't you ever going to let that go? It's been close to three thousand years. At some point, you just have to accept your lot in life."

Satan chuckled. "She's right, you know. You were a respected general, you died with dignity on the battlefield... you should be glad you were able to return to give us aid in any small way."

"Ugh." Valac groaned audibly. "How have I been helpful? I can't do anything inside this orb, I'm not particularly wise, and you can just use the orb's power without needing me anyway. I'm neither a mentor nor someone who can advise you any better than the others can. I'm just useless."

"Come now, surely it's not as bad as you think it is." Belial, for once, responded soothingly to his distress.

"Ah, perhaps it is. What do we know?" Satan teased her chidingly. "Perhaps he should kill himself again, that way he can end up right back in that orb to mope around some more."

Valac sighed again, as they mocked him some more. "Have a heart. Look, Lord Satan, have you looked everywhere for a solution? I really want to walk the Earth again. I'd do anything for such a chance."

Satan immediately shook his head as he rose to his feet. "Not going to happen. No such method exists. If it did, I would have found it by now."

"I certainly hope that's the case." Valac moaned again as the other two demons chuckled at his plight.