Part 250a - Fate

"Those Dartfighters... such a good idea." Beatrix spoke to me as we slowly walked down the halls of the moon-base towards the infirmary. "They tore through the Volgrim ships like a hot knife through butter. To be honest, I'm surprised that worked as well as it did. Not only did you defy the laws of physics, you came up with that surefire winning strategy all on your own."

I shook my head. "That's not technically accurate. I had help from a friend of mine who was a World War One veter- err, rather, one who studied the, ah, tactics of World War One. A real history buff, if you get what I mean." Jeez, I nearly spoiled the existence of Harold.

"Well, frankly, I don't care who thought of it, it allowed us to win that battle. I will still remind you that now you've essentially created a weapon of unstoppable power. It remains to be seen exactly what our world leaders will _do_ with these weapons, but I imagine they will want more and more of them as time goes on."

"Better to have humans get a bit too overzealous, than for us all to die to an alien menace." I smiled at her as we entered the infirmary. Hundreds of men and women were on hospital cots, all of them recuperating from the battle from just over a day ago. "We're lucky the Dartfighters worked, or else there would be a lot more people in here."

Beatrix nodded. "It's as you say. I'm still not pleased with the war as a whole, but I'd rather be on the winning side than the losing one."

"Commander, any side that has you commanding it is unlikely to be the losing one."

She smiled faintly at the compliment and then returned to her usual neutral expression, the sort one puts on when they run an organization and can't look too happy, or too mad. It was a sort of 'confident' look, I must say.

Beatrix walked me over to a group of clustered cots, the area for patients in critical condition. "Platoon Leader Winchester. He was one of the men who led the initial charge against the Volgrim during their second attack." Beatrix beckoned towards a man in terrible condition. His skin was covered in boils, bruises, and burns. He had multiple fractured or broken bones, and was completely comatose.

I stared at his broken body with sadness. This was a man who was suffering for people who might never know what he looked like. It was a good bit of luck for him that it was me here today, but many others who had already died were not as lucky as he was about to be.

My visor slapped shut silently while Beatrix was looking at him and away from me. Quickly, I aimed my mind at everyone in the room. " _Heal. Revive. Awaken._ "

My visor flipped back open again, and suddenly his heart-rate monitor began to show a quickened pulse, as his body seemingly began to repair itself. Having drained quite a decent amount of my energy, I was delighted to see that healing hundreds of people at once really didn't drain as much as I thought it would. Beatrix looked over at the heart-rate monitor with interest as his pulse quickened, her face a mixture of a thousand emotions. "Huh? What's going on here?"

As we watched, the boils on his body began to subside. The burns began to shift to a normal looking skin color as nerves that had been seared to a crisp were repaired in front of our eyes. He groaned audibly as his bones began to shove back together and mend themselves, though that phantom pain would vanish soon enough.

Within a few minutes, his body visibly appeared as good as new. All over the room, others began to moan and groan as their bodies reached the end of the healing process. Soon, animated conversations were audible as people realized they had somehow just been totally cured.

Beatrix paused as she thought for a few moments, then she turned to me. "You... you did this?"

I nodded quietly.

"How? This is... an act of god, by any definition one might use." Beatrix seemed to be in awe as she then realized not just Winchester, but everyone else in the room was healed as well.

"I am an agent of the gods, ma'am. I merely do what must be done." I tried speaking like I was cool, but it seemed as if she was actually a very devout Christian woman of some sort. That's good, it means if she dies she will be resurrected into Heaven's Army.

As we spoke, I caught a glimpse of someone familiar out of the corner of my eye. It was that one girl, Amy, the one I had spoken to on the moon base shortly before the Volgrim attack. Her body looks like it had been badly broken and beaten thanks to the attack, as she was covered in bandages, but she was perfectly healed now and lying in bed in stunned silence, staring up at the ceiling. While Beatrix turned to chat with Winchester, I excused myself quietly and walked over to Amy.

Amy saw my coming once I was within a few feet and shifted her gaze over to me. "Judicator? What are you doing in the infirmary?"

I shrug. "I was brought here because Beatrix wanted to show me someone down here. A friend of hers, I suppose. How are you holding up?"

She didn't speak for a few moments, as her eyes swept over her previously damaged body, which was now perfectly healed up. "I'm fine... somehow. I was in the forward vanguard, the first wave that attacked the Volgrim. I took out thirteen of their ships all by myself, but a stray photon torpedo exploded a few dozen feet from my ship which crippled its engine and I spiraled out of control and passed out. When I awoke, I found that my fighter had crashed on the moon, and since my life signs were still... existent... my computer sent an alert beacon to the moon bases once the battle had ended."

I nodded. "That sounded hectic. You're lucky to have survived."

"Yes... lucky..." Amy sighed. "Judicator, do you believe in fate?"

Fate... do I? Perhaps I should. "I don't know."

"You come from the future, right? Are you actually going to change the future by coming here and announcing yourself?"

"It's my goal, but I don't actually know."

"If you can't change anything, won't you just die, then be born again in the future, travel back in time in an infinite loop?"

"For reasons I don't want to go into, I doubt it." I thought about the fact that I was immortal. I'm only technically immortal in that I won't die of age-related issues, but I can still be stabbed and killed, so I'm very much mortal in those respects. I also have rapid regeneration on my body, coupled with Excalibur's scabbard's regeneration powers, so hypothetically speaking it's very possible even if I technically died, my body might revive itself.

"I see... at least you seem confident about it. What about me though? If you come from the future, am I already dead in that time?" Amy seemed melancholy, as if she didn't actually believe she was still alive.

"I do not know, Amy. I come from a hundred million years in the future. No records exist of anyone's deaths. As far as I know, you might end up becoming a vampire, you could enslave all of Earth, or you might turn into an all-powerful cyborg. Anything can happen, from my perspective."

"A vampire, huh? A cyborg, even. I suppose so. Neither are comforting thoughts."

I knelt down to the bed's level, just a couple feet away from her, and stretched my hand over to rest on her shoulder. "Amy, you're a fighter. I think you need to focus on being a bit more religious, because if God wanted you dead, you wouldn't be here right now. Maybe, just maybe, he has an important role for you to play."

Amy nodded sullenly. "Yeah, perhaps. That must be the case. Only an act of god would heal all these people at once. Thanks, Judicator, I'm glad we have you on our side."

I smiled back. "Make sure you get some rest. We have a war to win."

...................................................................

Satan grinned a huge smile as he sat at the Table of Kings. Smoking a delicious cigar imported from the fine country of Cuba while dressed in a fine black suit, he was the epitome of a mob boss at that moment. "The Volgrim requested our help, as I expected they would. They underestimated the humans, but thanks to their willingness to join our side, we will finally win this war."

Bael pounded the table. "Finally! War! I await the destruction of our oppressors!"

Belial, sitting in a seat directly next to Satan's right side, sighed audibly. "Oh _Bael_, must you be so simple-minded? Diablo likes fighting too, but he's not nearly the lunkhead you are." She twined her fingers through her long blonde hair as she spoke.

Diablo grinned as well. "Bael can be troublesome, but he is right. I have longed for our final battle for a long time. When was the last time we risked an open campaign against the humans, anyway?"

"About seven hundred years." The eldest demon, Agares, mumbled under his breath. "And we learned a good lesson after those Crusades. The humans' inventiveness is our ultimate weakness. We would be careful not to make those mistakes ever again."

"Constantinople... we would do well to not forget that crushing defeat." Satan's smile had mostly vanished, but a hint was still there. "These aliens will prove to be a useful tool, though. They have what we do not, which is technology. We could not ever fight against the humans due to our inability to create their technology, but the aliens can. We have a trillion demons in the labyrinth, just waiting for the orders to attack. With a concentrated front on Earth, and one in space, we can fight on equal terms."

"Have you spoken to the leaders of the Volgrim?" Agares quizzically glanced at Satan as he scratched his aged grey beard.

"I spoke to the second highest one. She all but begged me for our help. The human's new super-weapons are no jest, they appear to be quite unstoppable. Damned infernal monkeys." Satan's grin was now completely gone and he appeared quite irritated. Belial leaned over and rested her head on his shoulder while he talked. "However, our influence on their government will actually prove to be quite useful."

"You speak of their nuclear weaponry, correct?" Diablo leaned forwards with interest. "I've been wondering privately, with all the safeguards they've put, how can we obtain a few? We could do some real damage."

"What good are safeguards in the face of magic? We can just teleport the missiles out of their bunkers and into the air above a major city. Simple. I've just never done it because that would surely cause absolute chaos." Satan waved his hand in the air as he explained the simplicity of it all. "To be honest, before these Volgrim appeared, I was planning a simultaneous attack on all of the world's major military centers at once. With a lot of planning, it could be done, and then we send in the demons to polish the remnants off."

"We would still have the angelic army to deal with, though. Not to mention the Americans, they have too many guns. Other heavily armed countries, such as the Swiss, would also be quite difficult to dominate." Agares spoke as he quickly remembered a few experiments he'd tried with the modern military forces.

"Yes, which is why I was unsure of how to proceed. The aliens have made it easy, though. All we would need is a few of their highly advanced weapons, and we could direct them towards important population centers to bombard. If we target the rest by turning humanity's own weapons against them, their military might would turn from an advantage to a disadvantage. What good is an indestructible drone if there's nobody left to pilot it?"

Satan's words made the generals at the table smile with glee. "Satan, you're so brilliant! I am proud to call you my leader!" Bael slapped the table and roared with laughter. "Who cares if it took 700 years?! If we win after all this planning, it simply means we are smarter than the fleshbags!"

Belial groaned as she stopped leaning on Satan's shoulder, and she turned to face Bael. "Come now, insults like that are hardly necessary. Especially after those mortal _fleshbags_ made a mockery of you time after time."

Agares chortled to himself, while Bael simmered slightly. "Ah, yes. I apologize, my lady." Bael's red skin reddened even more deeply as he felt a sudden wave of shame rush over himself. How often those filthy humans had made a mockery of him... he would show them the true pain of defeat, if it were the last thing he ever did.

Belial leaned back in her chair and sighed as she went back to playing with her hair. Satan eyed her for a moment as he considered how she was always the first to rush to the defense of the humans. _Must be due to her looks, as she looks more humanlike than any other demon I know of. Perhaps there is a connection._ He turned back to the table and pulled out a piece of paper outlining some plans.

"The Volgrim female told me about her planet's war capabilities. They can only travel here at a speed she calls 'Warp 6', due to a near-total lack of a specific energy she needs. Humans also lack this energy, along with the basic energy needed for warp travel, so it's likely they will stay on the defensive for a while until they can figure out how to create it. At that speed, it will take her and her company three years to return to their homeworld, perhaps another year afterwards to build up their forces, and then another few years to return and aid us with the assault on Earth."

Agares nodded sagely. "That is a long time to wait. By then perhaps the humans will have manufactured the energy needed for this warp travel you speak of."

"Not _possibly_, I'm fairly sure it's a _guarantee_ at this point. But that's why I've got a better idea. We've got a labyrinth in another dimension with inter-dimensional capabilities, why not turn it into a shared base between ourselves and the Volgarians? This will skip the need for their warp travel entirely."

Agares mumbled something quietly to himself as he thought about it. "Making new rift entrances costs a massive amount of spiritual energy, Satan. And over as vast of a distance as their planet is likely to be... how many demons are you willing to sacrifice?"

Satan laughed maniacally. "Hahahaha! Demons?! None! I won't give a single demonic life for those aliens! But, if we offer to sacrifice a few billion of their own in exchange for a rapid transit system between our worlds, don't you think they might accept my generous offer? They've told me of their overpopulation anyway! It would be a great boon for them!"

Diablo burst into laughter. "As expected of our great leader, making our 'allies' give up their own lives to further our own cause! Long may your reign live on!"

"Long live Satan, the highest emperor!" A cry went up at the table as the meeting ended on a splendidly positive note. Everyone got up, feeling quite pleased with the results of today.

_Soon, we will fulfill our revenge of 2,500 years and counting. Soon, we will crush both of our foes. Victory is within our grasp._ Satan grinned from ear to ear as he and Belial walked back to the baths to freshen up.