Part 228a

FTL drives are not a thing yet. I keep trying to make them, but the best I've got right now is sub-light drives, putting us at 99% the speed of light. By enhancing the intelligence of some of Earth's foremost defense contractors and researchers, I've managed to multiply researching speed by over a hundred times from where it was in 2019, so hopefully soon we will break the faster-than-light barrier that keeps dogging us.

In any case, for traveling around the Solar System, sub-light speed is still pretty damn good. It takes us about six minutes, if Mars is within the nearest possible position in relation to Earth, but generally speaking, it's about a thirty-minute journey if Mars is on, say, the opposite side of the sun or something. This is mostly due to debris floating around in the solar system. Safety first!

Naturally, the Mothership is the only ship currently outfitted with a sub-light drive, but we're working on adding them into other smaller light cruisers for faster troop and civilian transport between Earth and Mars.

Gregory stared out the window in awe, as he observed the red planet below us. "So... this is another planet, then. Amazing. Doesn't this make me the first demon to ever see Mars up close?"

I nod. "Yes, and it makes me the first human, as well."

"So what is your plan then? This planet has no vegetation, the atmosphere is toxic for life, and it would take decades if not centuries to build anything here that humans could actually live in... we won't have that kind of time if the Volgrim show up soon."

"Nah, I think you're underestimating the ability of humanity to adapt... not to mention my own powers." I grin, as all he can see of my face is my mouth underneath this suit.

"Your own powers, then? Will I also be the first demon to see you use those powers, out in the open?"

A shrug passes over my shoulders. "In a manner of speaking, I suppose. Watch... and learn. Behold my true power!"

In the blink of an eye, my mouth covering snaps shut, making all sound inside of my suit totally inaudible to the outside world. Pressing my left hand to a small container hidden at the side of my suit, I aim my right hand at the planet.

" **TERRAFORM!** "

The container at my side is one I've been preparing for a long time. Every night, before I go to sleep, I dump all my energy into it, and my energy refills while I'm asleep. I've been doing this for months while I prepared for this day, and now it will finally bear fruit.

The energy in the container does not increase my upper limit, which I found quite annoying, but I can draw from it first, and then afterwards from my own energy.

Below us, the planet at first doesn't seem to change. But then, as we watched, the murky red surface slowly begins changing color. First to tan, then to a dull yellow, then to green, as plant-life of varying sorts sprouts rapidly over the surface.

Once that's done, I glance at the HUD inside my helmet and see I've used about 70% of the energy in my container. A colossal amount, to be sure. Aiming my hands at various depressions and features in the land, I then create oceans, thicken the atmosphere and add an ozone layer, perform other important actions related to the atmosphere and magnetic field, and smile as I enjoy my work. I glance over to see Gregory's usual calm demeanor has evaporated as he openly gawks at the world below us.

"By the seven hells, what just happened to the planet?! Was that magic? You didn't even move your hands to create spell-glyphs!" Gregory jerked back to look at me in amazement. "I'm not sure even Satan or the gods themselves could do what I just saw you do."

My mouth-visor popped open as I smiled at him. "Trade secret. Welcome to the club. But now we need to start getting humans here along with animals, or there won't be an ecosystem for long."

I paused. Actually, knowing nature, this is going to be _really_ hard to balance. The oceans right now are saltwater, and the lakes are freshwater, but Mars is a fairly cold planet, especially compared to Earth. It can get as cold as -200 degrees during the night-time... that will kill off this vegetation, and quickly.

A thought occurs to me. What if I... somehow moved Mars to the exact opposite side of the sun from Earth, turning it into a parallel planet? Conspiracy theorists would probably freak out, because 'Nemesis" would become reality, but if it's on the exact opposite side of the sun, it shouldn't interfere much with Earth's movement itself and I can move it close enough to reach a stable temperature base.

Well, before I do that, better to consult with scientists. There's also the matter of moving an entire god-dang planet around a solar system... that actually sounds nigh impossible now that I think about it. It should be easily possible with wordsmithing, but the energy requirement would dwarf what was needed just to terraform the planet. I saved for months to fill up that container, and in the end those months were maybe equivalent to a single day of energy I had stores up as God King in the future, to say nothing of Cassiel's energy.

Ah, damn. Cassiel... I'm thinking about her again, along with Samantha. I don't know if I should try and meet Samantha though, since Satan's still around and she won't know who I am... it would likely be pointless.

I quickly brush the thoughts away. Too much time spent dwelling on the past is never good. Err, past? Maybe future? Whatever, time travel is annoying.

Gregory watched me silently as I re-input coordinates to travel back to Earth. Mars melted away from us in the blink of an eye as the ship blasted forwards at sub-light speeds. This return trip would only be about 24 minutes, not even long enough to watch a short TV show or catch a nap.

I sigh as I consider the options. "Wanna spar with me a bit on the training deck? Fistfight only, no abilities."

Gregory shrugs. "I suppose. I'm just not sure if using no abilities will benefit you or me more."

"Me, probably. But it's more to prevent damage to the ship. I also want to get a feel for your fighting capabilities."

"I'll return that thought. I'd like to see if the almighty 'Judicator' from a hundred million years in the future has special abilities he hasn't let on with the normal population."

I grin slightly. "Just don't cry if you get hurt."

"That won't be a problem, since I won't get hurt. What about the contract?"

I pause for a moment as I remember the contract and how I worded it. "Don't worry, there's a clause in there about when I invite a suboordinate to a duel."

"Perfect. Let's let loose a bit then."

"Agreed."