Part 299a: Wormhole

It's a funny thing... I tried using 'black hole' once, but because of how the English language works, my abilities somehow didn't register it as a single word... yet 'wormhole' is. I've already tested it in a sector far from Earth and was pleasantly surprised by the results.

Of course, failing that, 'Portal' or 'Gate' would do the same thing, but they have size limitations. Wormholes can be ultra-massive, even the size of a galaxy or bigger if I had that kind of energy to spare. Of course I don't, so that's a moot point, but it's neat to consider it anyway.

It's summertime in Europe, now. At least, it's the start of the summer. But I'm here, in outer space, aboard a massive starship that easily dwarfs my mothership with its sheer volume. Its official classification is the "Command Ship", but that sounds lame so most crewman on board simply call it a Hyper Dreadnought. Oddly, its armament isn't very sophisticated, and it's more of just a massive transport ship, but it has the strongest defenses of all ships in the United Earth Force's armada. It has a recently developed shield system that rotates frequencies rapidly, allowing it to quickly adapt to any sustained fire inflicted upon it by other enemy ships, but all of its outer plates were heavily reinforced by my clones, to the point where it's nearly as solid as a Dartfighter when it comes to hull integrity.

The engineers had a fun time developing it. Their idea of a field test was dropping a literal nuke on the outside of the ship to see how much damage it would cause. As it turned out, none at all. This ship is just about as impenetrable as my own Hypersuit.

"Judicator, we're ready to begin." Ben Brown walks over to me, the helmet of his hypersuit in his hands as he eyes my own hypersuit subtly. The look doesn't evade me. He's only calling me 'Judicator' because that's what I'm supposed to be called... but that will have to change and soon.

"Thanks, Ben. We're taking a private shuttlecraft out in front of the ship about 5 light-minutes away from here. I'm not taking a chance with all the lives aboard here, just in case something goes wrong."

Ben nods slowly as he scratches a light tuft of chin-hair growing in. "I thought you said this _was_ safe? Were you wrong?"

I quickly shook my head. "No, but we're dealing with something extremely powerful and energetic. Traveling well beyond the Oort Cloud is an absolute must. Unfortunately that means if we ever need reinforcements from Earth, it'll take a while for them to get there, but it also means if the Volgrim do slip through, we'll have a short time to prepare before they hit us."

"You think of everything, it seems."

"I certainly try."

Ben grunted his satisfaction as both of us turned on our heels at precisely the same moment towards the exit-door that lead down to the hangar bay. Ben chuckled as he saw me walking in tandem with him. "How long have we been doing stuff like this?"

"I don't even remember when we went from being acquaintances to friends, Ben. Don't ask me silly questions like that."

"Fair enough."

...................................................................

My speakers turned off momentarily as I imagined in my mind the rough size of the Wormhole I wanted. About ten times the size of the Command Ship would have to do, more than that would require more and more energy to the point that I'd need to borrow some from a clone, which I'd prefer not to do.

As I started the preparations, the three clones appeared in my hypersuit's inner visor, each having their own screen dedicated. "We're ready when you are." One of the three clones spoke, though I didn't remember what his designation was. They all looked the same to me anyway, except the one with the cigarette.

Amelia was on the shuttle along with myself and Ben. She sat in a chair nearby, playing a game of Chess by herself. Ever since this morning, she'd been really enthusiastic about learning how to play. It was kind of cute, if I'm being honest.

Ben glanced behind himself to eyeball her for a moment before turning to whisper to me. "It's probably not the best time to ask this, but she looks a lot older than when I first saw her... and it's only been a couple months."

I ignored him for the moment as I was mentally calculating many things to make the spell as efficient as possible. He took the hint and stopped talking. Still, he's right... she has aged dramatically over the last few months, to the point she looks to be in her young teens. If this keeps up, by the middle of the year, she'll look convincingly old enough to go out and buy cigarettes, then alcohol after that.

Tossing those thoughts casually to the side, I reply to my clones after thirty seconds or so. "Alright, I'm ready. On the count of three. One... two..."

" **WORMHOLE!** "

I yell loudly, but my suit muffles my voice to the point Ben can't hear anything while standing beside me. My three clones are pooling their energies together to match mine and they all yell in unison too. Nothing dramatic happens at first, but far in the distance, there's a visible patch of space that appears to be distorted, ever so slightly.

Ben squints and looks ahead, his augmented vision helping him zoom forwards to see more clearly. "Is... that it?"

I activate my speakers so I can respond. "Yeah."

"Huh." Ben itches his head as a perplexed expression passes over his face. "I just kinda thought it'd be... flashier? Like in Star Trek. You know, a big swirling center of chaos filled with millions of bolts of lightning... or something..."

I shook my head. "Nah, that's just fiction. Reality is way more boring than that."

Amelia got out of the chair and walked forwards to look out the front viewscreen. Her eyes roamed all over but she didn't seem to see it at all. "Is it done?"

"Yup. We can now travel 14,000 light years in the blink of an eye."

She nodded unenthusiastically. "Great. What now?"

Ben smiled kindly at the teenage girl. "Now we start pouring our forces through. Once our guys are on the other side, we take the battle to the Volgrim."

Taking off my hypersuit helmet, I grinned at him. "They'll never see it coming."

Cuanali, the fourth Volgrim Founder, was reading off reports to Unarin in the council room. "S-so, as a result, they will arrive here in just over one rotational period."

Unarin nodded. "Thank you, Cuanali. Of course, our spies have been telling us of what they were planning for the last seasonal cycle, but at least we have a precise date for the attack."

Founder Nufaris shook his head. "I beg your pardon, Unarin, but I believe they will not attack for two or three more rotational periods. After they create the tear in space, they will need to take some time to assemble their forces and plan out the attack first. They have not yet taken the time to properly map out this sector of space yet, and will not be so foolhardy as to rush into what might be a deathtrap."

Cinculu, the Fifth Founder, kept his expression smooth and emotionless. " _Will_ be, Nufaris. It _will_ be a deathtrap."

Nufaris nodded and bowed his head quickly. "Ah yes, I apologize, I didn't mean anything particularly about it, I just-"

He was interrupted by Trayza, the third. "Oh, shut it, _Second_. If you're going to take over Dosena's place among us Founders, stop being such a spineless weakling. Stuttering is for the inferiors, not a leader."

Nufaris nodded quickly as he opened his mouth, but then shut it immediately. Ever since he had been promoted to take Dosena's position among the Founders, his life had worsened dramatically. He had no real identity to speak of anymore, with many low ranked Volgrim mocking him as a tool and one to be disposed of when the time was right.

Unarin narrowed his eyes to a slit. "Nufaris' observation was sound enough, Trayza. Cinculu too, let's not split hairs over minor wording errors. A massive war is coming to our homeworld, and soon at that. I want less bickering and squabbling, and more focusing on the alien threat."

Trayza looked away and grumbled under her breath. Cinculu kept his expression blank, as he always did.

Glancing around the table to make sure everyone was paying attention and not mumbling at each other, Unarin tilted his head slightly down to the datapad in his hands. "The humans, according to our spies, are planning to bring a massive war fleet exceeding ten thousand ships. I've been examining our options for the last few days. I want opinions on each of these countermeasures I've prepared."

Tapping some readouts on his display, Unarin quickly swiped the documents from his datapad to the main holoscreen above the war table. The other founders quickly scanned the pictures as they thought up how the plans might play out on the battlefield. Cinculu was the first to speak. "The Guardians? Those are mere prototypes, are they not?"

Unarin blinked slowly. "Yes, but they've been heavily field tested over the last few orbital cycles. This can be their first deployment into real combat. I anticipated a direct assault on Volgarius would come eventually."

"As always, your gift for foresight is your most admirable quality." Trayza smiled sweetly as she poured the praise on him. Unarin ignored her comments.

Cuanali suddenly piped up as she gasped out loud, pointing to another set of images on the holo-screen. "U-Unarin! You can't possibly be serious! The Sentinels must never be reactivated! Never! Not under any circumstances!"

Everyone at the table nodded slowly as they bowed their heads, all but Nufaris. "Sentinels? What are those?"

"Harbingers of doom. They were what finally ended the 7th Great War. At far too high a cost, I fear." Cinculu spoke up from his position at the end of the table, before averting his eyes.

Unarin coughed. "Of course, activating the Sentinels won't happen unless it's the last possible thing we must do. Still, it would be impolite to continue without explaining what they are to the Second."

Trayza grimaced as a wave of sickness swam through her bionically enhanced body. "Even as a last resort... they should never be unleashed upon the universe. Cuanali used all of her abilities to shut them off. If she says not to activate them, I say we heed her warning."

Nufaris stared uneasily at the expressions on the faces of all the Founders present. Save himself, all in the room were deeply unnerved. Even Unarin, ever the calm in the eye of a storm, flicked his eyes back and forth guiltily for having even brought whatever these things were into the conversation.

Unarin shifted in his seat slightly. "An explanation simply won't do. Nufaris... as a Founder, you have the right and the duty to know what transpired during the Great Wars. _Especially_ the 7th Great War. That final war changed everything and led to the system of meritocracy that we possess today. The society you see around you would simply not be possible if it weren't for the trillions who gave their lives to make it happen."

Unarin reached under his side of the table into a small compartment as he pulled out a direct mind transfer device. Placing his finger on it, he suddenly stiffened as his entire body sat up straight in the chair. His eyes zoned out as they stared into the distance, his key memories downloading into the device before him. After a few moments, he slumped back down in his chair, blinking quickly to clear his vision.

"Here, place your finger on the receptor. All will be made clear after you see what transpired in the past."

Nufaris nodded uneasily as the small device was slid over to him. "Why not just use a normal mind download from the Global Archive?"

Trayza, usually the obnoxious one, spoke quietly for once. "Not possible. All information about Sentinels and the Great Wars has been erased from all databanks, all archives, and all memories from the citizens, save the five Founders. Especially the information regarding Volgarius Alpha." She shot a glance over at Cuanali, who quickly averted her own eyes. Letting that slip to Nufaris, all those orbital cycles ago, was a boneheaded move. Still, he ended up becoming a Founder, so it all seemed to work out well... even if he didn't deserve the honor.

Unarin kept his expression tight. "The Sentinels were the direct result of advances in Artificial Intelligence, and what happened when our fellow Volgarians back in the day took extreme measures to stop our resistance movement. None of which you've ever heard of, of course. Such is the way it needs to be."

Unarin beckoned at the small egg-like device as he nudged it closer to Nufaris. "Less questions. We never know who might be listening."

Nufaris reached for the device, holding his finger just in front of it as he paused one last time. "I thought this room was totally secure? Who could be listening?"

"I don't know. And that's what fills me with unease."

Trayza, ever the impatient one, tapped her foot as she waited for Nufaris to insert his finger. Having waited long enough, she reached over and shoved it onto his finger. "Just do it already!"

Nufaris couldn't voice a complaint. He was already gone, as the memories of a long distant past surged into his mind.
