Part 124: Nerves

Cassiel and I slowly walked through the streets of Hero City. Having finally explained the situation to Phoebe, she _harumphed_ and left the house in a tizzy. Does... she like me?! I mean, she's at least a few million years older than me, (as is Cassiel, now that I think about it) but she would appear physically to be 20 years older than me. She's more like my mother than... yeah.

And Cassiel? She appears to be permanently youthful, having apparently died at the tender young age of twenty-five in a horrific car crash. She wouldn't go into details, but I did know that before she died, she was a girl who went to church all the time and prayed a lot. I guess that is why she became an angel?

But something else is bothering me. Cassiel said she wasn't a 'true' angel. What does that mean anyway? What's the difference? And if she's not a true angel, does that mean she doesn't count, I can't say I now know of four (Five? Was Hoarhiim an angel originally? I dunno!), I only still know the three archangels in my rings.

Where did all the angels go?

Cassiel won't say. She clearly knows though. Based on what I've gleaned from hints in the conversations, and what the Crown has allowed my brain to extrapolate, something happened that killed off every angel in existence. I don't know the when, the where, the why, or the how, but I know it _did happen_. It's just another mystery of this Hell.

As for Cassiel, I can't truly determine how she looks. I have a vague mental image of her and Phoebe's body lines, but it's not like back when I could see. I can see colors based on spiritual energy, I can sense approximate physical ages, I can even detect a person's current health by how they walk, and many other such things, but it's not the same. I do not have the ability to see things properly.

...As Cassiel and I walked, I noticed something odd. She was _trembling_, especially when anyone drew too close to her. She was being looked at with a wide variety of emotions, as people could clearly see she was not a normal human, and anyone with half a brainstem could deduce she was an angel. Finally, to top it off, she was walking with the Slayer (They still call me that, _ugh_ ), which made her stand out even more, as I was clearly no clone.

And I think I know why she is trembling. She's not necessarily shy, but she's been locked up and all alone for millennia, eons even. I think I made a mistake.

I reached over and placed my hands on her shoulder. Since she wasn't expecting that, and she wasn't looking at me at that moment, she jerked back involuntarily, and quickly leaned back when she realized it was just me.

"Oh, Hero. I'm s-sorry, I didn't mean to jump like that..." She was very nervous, her voice was shaking like a tree in the wind.

"Cassiel, are you a little scared with all these people around? I know it must be hard, coming out around so many of them all at once..."

Cassiel quickly shook her head _way_ too enthusiastically. She was clearly trying to assuage my concerns and not make me feel guilty. "N-no! I'm just, ah, shaking in _excitement_! I've never been in such a big city before with, uh, so many people!"

Her stuttering and stammering made it pretty clear she was lying, but I just rolled with it. If she doesn't want to go home or hide in a corner, I'm not going to be a knight in shining armor. "Yes, I see what you mean. It's very exciting the first time, huh?"

She threw her head up and down enthusiastically in the most endearing form of a nervous nod I've ever seen. It took all my power to contain my laughter from bursting out!

...................................................................

We arrived in the castle after going for our walk. She visibly relaxed once we were in the far less crowded corridors where only a few maids and noblemen walked past, here and there.

As we walked, something interesting happened. _I became the one who was nervous._ It's only been a few days since I last spoke with Adams, taking the crown from him. As Cassiel grew calmer and calmer, I grew more and more nervous.

How should I act towards him? I was never really good with social problems when I was young, before I entered this place. I always avoided my problems or stopped talking to the people bothering me. But I don't have that luxury now. I'm effectively the most powerful human in existence, a being known formerly as _Hero_. I cannot sit by the sidelines and passively let others do what they want. I put Adams in charge, and if I need to... I could take him down.

Or... can I? He's integral to the survival of the human race at this point. So what if he made a mistake? I judged him too harshly for it. I know he wouldn't do it again. Giving the crown to someone else will never be a thing he does again. Yes, that's it! I've been too mean towards him. The man has done so much for humanity, while I was lazy and just had fun blowing things up with my powers, being worshiped as a god.

I need to go in there and apologize to him. He doesn't do everything he does, selflessly, every single day with no rest, and deserve to be treated the way I treat him. I'm just plain awful.

As we walked, I sensed Cassiel turning towards me. "Hero? Are you quite all right? You haven't said a word for almost ten minutes, and you seem very nervous."

I nodded quickly. "Yes, thank you Cassiel. I am fine! Was just... thinking about something important I have to do!"

Cassiel slowly turned away, smiling. "Well then, as long as you say so, I suppose."

As we walked, a familiar person walked in front of me. One I hadn't seen in months.

"Beelzebub! You're still here!"

The demon turned towards me and a look of disgust crossed over his face. " _You._ "

Fantastic. Glad to see he's in a good mood, as always. "How are you doing, old buddy old puppet pal?"

"I'm doing just _amazing_, as you know. I just _love_ working for humans, doing their dirty deeds."

I nodded enthusiastically. "Mhm! You're always a sight for sore eyes! I'll never forget the look on your face when I killed you!"

Beelzebub rolled his eyes dramatically, and then he paused before continuing on. "Hmm? An angel? It can't be. I thought we... exterminated your kind."

I mentally looked back at Cassiel. She was shaking again, this time in outright _terror_ as no words could escape her mouth. Of course, she fears demons greatly. Damn! I was careless. I should have thought of what this meant to her.

I wrapped my right arm around her shoulders and turned to Beelzebub. "Alright pal, this was a good talk, but we'll be heading off now. See ya."

Leaving Beelzebub staring after us quizzically, I quickly hurried off with Cassiel and we continued on the path towards the War Room.

"Cassiel, are you doing okay?" She was still shaking badly, whatever the hell the demons had done to her, it left a deep mental wound. One she'd likely never recover from.

Cassiel shook her head, finally admitting that she wasn't okay. We came to a stop and I let her sit in a comfortable looking chair as she wiped tears out of her eyes.

"I... can't believe you're friends with... with... one of th-those monsters..." Cassiel shook as she tried to hold back tears, but the effort was futile as they slowly crawled out of her eyes and down her skin.

I kneeled down lower than her and looked up at her. It was a mostly pointless gesture, due to my blindness, but I think it made her feel better. "No, Cassiel, we're not exactly friends. I killed him many years ago, and revived his corpse as my puppet. I've done it to many other demons besides him. I do this to mock him forever, and to make him pay for how his kind has treated humans... and the angels."

Cassie slowly managed to stop crying as she wiped away her tears, and then her embarrassment overcame her as she realized she hadn't been strong enough to hold in her trauma in front of me.

I leaned in and hugged her tightly, as she did me. After a few seconds we got up and walked again, as she broke the silence. "Thank you, Hero. You are... truly a kind man."

I smiled. "It's my pleasure, Cassiel. What good is a man if he's not a shoulder for a woman to cry on when she needs it?"

Cassiel beamed at me. "If only we had met before I died... I might have fallen for you."

I felt myself blushing at the thought as did she, and we walked the rest of the way in silence.

...

We arrived in the war room, as Adams and many of his top generals were huddled around the war table, muttering and whispering to one another. When the two of us entered the room, they stopped speaking and quickly stood up straight.

Adams was the first to open up. "Slayer! Good to s-see you again! I didn't expect you would be back so soon!"

As he spoke, my mental vision watched as another man sneaked out the back of the room, holding onto some form of rolled up parchment. What was going on here?

I decided to ignore it. "Yes, there was a major complication in the labyrinth and I had to make a rapid return."

The men in the room suddenly seemed to notice the angel next to me, their faces showing various expressions, mostly shock and admiration... some showed other emotions, such as silent lust.

Adams bopped his head a bit. "Yes, yes... I see. We were just discussing some boring things regarding the behind the scenes war effort."

Adams indicated that everyone should sit down, and we did. Many men, I noticed, could not, would not, or simply had not taken their eyes off Cassiel. It seemed to unnerve her, but I could feel a different emotion boiling up inside me. _Jealousy_.

We spoke about various day to day dealings and such for a few minutes, and Adams then turned to me. "Ah yes, would you mind if I borrowed the Crown for a few hours? I need to work on some designs for a new weapon and it greatly improves my drawing speed and thought process."

This was it. I knew it was coming. Adams loved wearing the crown, I know he did. I felt many impulses in my body screaming not to let him have it this time, but in front of all these generals, many of whom I respected, I felt I had no choice.

Taking off the crown, I leaned over the table and handed it to Adams. He smiled as he took it. "Excellent! I'm glad we're past the, um, issue we had earlier."

I nodded as I leaned back in my chair. Suddenly, something smashed into the back of my head and I fell forwards, my body still weak from the spiritual power loss from earlier.

As I fell, I heard Adams speak again. "Unfortunately, it's time to take matters into the hands of humanity. Thank you for your services, Hope."

As I drifted off into a sleeping abyss, I heard many things. Cassiels voice was screaming something, the generals in the room were shouting, but another voice stood out, like a black mark on a white paper.

It was my _own voice_ speaking, but it didn't come from me.

"It was my pleasure, Adams. I will take over now."

Sleep came to me then.
