Part 304a: Unexpected

Ben gritted his teeth as more of his ships were being destroyed. As it had turned out, ramming the blockade while sticking around to deal damage had been more costly than he had expected.

"Casualty report." Ben coughed the order out as he wiped sweat from his brow. He already knew he wasn't going to like the response, but he had to know.

"We're down to 2,500 ships, ambassador. The Volgrim are just about evenly matched with us now." His tactical officer relayed the numbers back uneasily. What had started as a battle of 25,000 to 5,000 in humanity's favor was now reduced to even numbers. Their numerical advantage, for what it had been worth, was gone.

Ben looked over at one of the tactical screens. Thirty minutes until the reinforcements showed up. "How the hell are they taking us apart like this? They only have fifty of our Dartfighters under their control! We have hundreds more than they do!"

"Yes, Ambassador Brown, but they appear to be uploading superior tactical AI's on-board the Dartfighters they've taken over. We're still using human operators with AI only for assistance, therefore their drones are far faster at reacting and implementing orders than ours are. Their fifty drones are the equivalent of a thousand of our own. We're being peeled apart at the seams. If we were willing to activate our own AI we might stand a chance, but you know as well as I do why we can't do that."

Ben nodded knowingly. Jason had explained why this was the case to him. Apparently, AI would go rogue at some point in the near future and aid in the destruction of humanity. Best to keep it dumb for as long as possible, to at least try and stave off the damage it would cause. But then again, considering the Volgrim had apparently mastered AI and theirs was not turning on their masters, perhaps AI was tameable. Perhaps the dangers were being overblown. He had never been one to question Jason, but the man had left the battlefield over three hours ago. If Jason wasn't going to use whatever powers he had to aid humanity, even going so far as to flee the battlefield...

No, that couldn't be right. Jason wouldn't leave without a good reason. He was an ally of humanity, no matter what the whisperings of others in private might indicate. Ben had seen it time and time again.

But then... Jason hadn't always been totally honest. He kept his identity a secret for well over a hundred years. He never thought it imperative to mention the existence of angels and demons...

Jason wasn't always honest... that much was for sure. Could he still be trusted?

As these thoughts entered his mind, Ben glanced down at the tactical screen before him, showing the movements of their troops. Those damn Dartfighters were moving around far faster than the other ships, tearing through them like a hot knife through butter. Ben needed an out. He needed to implement something that would give them back the advantage. Anything would do, they just had to hold on for another half hour.

"Tactical, do we still have the prototype OMEN AI ready for activation?"

Ben's first officer swallowed carefully as he eyed the ambassador. "I can't read minds, Ambassador, but if you're thinking what I'm guessing you're thinking... that's a dangerous game you're playing. The Artificial Pilots are not ready for deployment yet. They're poorly tested, at best."

Ben nodded carefully. "I know. What other option do we have, though? I've already lost several platoons of good men and women. At this rate, we'll possibly make it until reinforcements get here, but we'll lose another half of our ships. We've got to even up the odds."

Ben's first officer stared at him for a long few moments as a pained look washed over his eyes. "All right. If those are your orders, we'll carry them out. You know what Judicator will say though, right?"

"Yeah. I know." Ben scratched his cheek so hard he almost drew blood. "We're out of options. Do it."

The first officer nodded as he flicked his gaze over to the Field Ops section of the bridge. "You heard the man. Activate the Artificial Pil-"

Before he could finish the sentence, the head of Tactical almost jumped out of his seat. "The Mothership! She's back! She just dropped out of warp speed, bearing Mark 7-F on our position. She's roughly 2,000 miles away and closing quickly."

As he said that, the air on the bridge shifted almost imperceptibly as a familiar figure appeared at the rear, where other people weren't standing. "Judicator?" Ben fired off the question rhetorically, but he knew exactly who was standing there, in his traditional white hypersuit.

"Ben, there's no time for pleasantries. Pull all your ships out. Beat the hastiest of retreats. If anyone dies in the retreat, it can't be helped. Get out of here now."

Ben felt his jaw drop at the sudden proclamation. "W-where have you been? We're being slaughtered out here! I can't just retreat, not when the reinforcements are so close!"

"The reinforcements aren't coming. I ordered them not to." Jason stared unblinkingly with his helmeted head in the general direction of Ben's face, the hollow mask leaving Ben with a feeling of unease. "There's no time to explain. Get out of here or the shockwave will destroy you too. You might have minutes if you're lucky."

Ben gawked for a few moments as words escaped him, but something about what Jason was saying... his tone of voice... this wasn't a joke. Something was coming. "What have you done?"

"I'm ending the war. Get out before it's too late. This is your only warning." A moment later, Jason vanished.

Ben felt his hands begin to shake as terror washed over him. This must be serious. If Jason was speaking like this then... had he made a decision?

"Y-you heard him! Judicator has ordered a full retreat! Get out of here, all power to shields, on the double!"

_You'd better not be screwing us over._ Ben was left with one last thought as the tactical scanner showed the Mothership jump to lightspeed as it again fled the field of battle.

Nufaris was trying, desperately, to keep his smugness in check. Trayza's mental expression showed no emotion, and absolutely no sign of the humiliation she must be facing, but Nufaris knew she must be quite pained at the moment. "How about another status report?"

Trayza's eyes flicked downwards for the briefest of moments as she fought to contain a snarl. "Your ship has the best scanners of all the ships in our fleet. You know _exactly_ how the battle is going."

"Hm. Yes, I suppose so." Nufaris felt the corner of his mouth tighten as he fought mightily to contain a chuckle. This must be the deepest humiliation for her. Trayza's plan to let him take over and fail spectacularly had backfired, and now he was eradicating the humans with minimal losses. At this rate, they wouldn't even need backup for the reinforcements he knew were coming. The humans thought they were clever, sending the attack out in waves, but that merely gave the Volgrim time to whittle down the initial attack wave first. It was a foolish plan, as they should have rushed with all of their might first. Well, actually, the foolish part was transmitting those plans to their Dartfighters. Cuanali had been able to intercept that information early in the battle.

Everything was going according to plan.

"You sound pleased with the results of the battle so far." This time it was Cinculu, the fifth Founder, who spoke up.

"Shouldn't I be? Look at how everything has turned out. Not bad for my first command of a major battle, hmm?" Nufaris felt his grip slipping as a smile started to form. They were all so jealous of him. The all-knowing Founders, worshiped by the citizens of Volgarius, were frauds. Doubtlessly, they had done much good for their kind, but their supposed almighty power was really linked up to just one individual. Unarin was far weaker than Dosena, as it turned out. He was an actor who had somehow taken control of her powers, using them for his own benefit. But that would end soon. Once Nufaris had a good grasp of the inner dealings of the Founders, he would find a way to oust Unarin and lead his people to a new age. The humans needed to be exterminated. The demons were not trustworthy, and the 'angels' were surely a threat as well. Diplomacy was useless.

There was also the matter of the Sentinels. If those automatons were as powerful and fearsome as Unarin had spoken of them, they might be quite useful in the war against humanity.

Naturally, Nufaris understood on a fundamental level the dangers of AI. He doubted the Founders had lied about that, at the least. Still, with proper controls, AI was little more than a tool to be used for the good of the Volgrim. The time for diplomacy was gone. The other Founders had done nothing but lose battle after battle. The fact that the humans were on their doorstep now was a testament to how badly they had underestimated the humans. When one confronts a rabid animal, the only way to treat it is to force it to submit, or to put it out of its misery. If the other Founders couldn't understand that much, then they were not fit to lead.

The time of the Founders would soon be over, and it was Nufaris' solemn duty as an agent of the people to make sure the transition went smoothly.

As he thought these things, Nufaris caught sight of an alert on his terminal. A single ship had just warped in from the direction of the human's warp portal. It stopped at the far edge of the battlefield for a few moments, his scanner quickly revealing that it was the exact same ship that had left several hours before. On top of that, it appeared to be the same ship he had encountered the first time he had discovered Earth's existence.

Turning to one of his crewman, he spoke quietly. "Officer Alaris, how many personnel are aboard that large ship that just warped in?"

It took less than a few seconds for the response to come in. "Zero, sir."

Nufaris blinked twice in confusion. _No personnel? Is it an automated freighter? Surely a ship of that size would require a sizable crew to maintain and run it._

As he was about to ask another question, Officer Alaris spoke again. "Correction, Founder Nufaris. A single crewman has just appeared on board the bridge. Ah- it appears the ship is... leaving now?"

The ship indeed turned and left, blasting off in the direction it had just appeared from. A few moments later, tactical lit up with warnings, as Trayza mentally spoke to Nufaris. "Second Founder, it appears that the humans have ceased firing and have raised up shields. They appear to be fleeing the battlefield."

"Blast them. Hit as many as you can. Don't let any escape. If they're going to show us their backs, let's take them out from the rear." As Nufaris gave the command, he felt his smile slipping. Something was wrong. The humans would never retreat like this. And since that small ship had just appeared... was the order given from on high? Surely they would continue fighting to the last man, given their previous battle history.

As Nufaris felt the slightest tinge of worry appear in his mind, a different scanning operator leaped up from her seat, her face ashen as horror was spread across her face. "FOUNDER! The hyperspace scanners! They-...!" Her voice cracked as fear spread all throughout her body, her entire frame began to shake as well.

Nufaris quickly turned and looked at her display. It showed a faint but unmistakable signal emitting from Hyperspace. "By the old gods! The size of that thing..." Nufaris felt his eyes pop open as he gazed in horror at the scanners. Naturally, the scanners on board his ship far exceeded the scanners of the other ships in the fleet, so they had yet to even detect the anomaly.

Trayza observed the dramatic shift in Nufaris' mental state. "Having problems, Nufaris? Something you'd like to share with the rest of us?" He felt her shame had disappeared in an instant as she detected weakness, but he could feel little emotion in his own body other than abject terror at what he was seeing.

"Trayza. Set aside all of our hostilities for a moment. Cuanali, Cinculu, order an immediate retreat of all forces to the Third Boundary. Maximum warp speed. Tell the planet to begin immediate evacuations and- no... no we don't have the time. Tell all citizens to retreat to the fortified underground bunkers for VIP's. It won't matter, they're all dead either way, but a few might survive this way. Finally, get Unarin up here at once. We have to leave on the double."

As Nufaris barked the orders, Trayza's smirk faded slightly. "What's this about? Are you plotting something? You think we'll just simply take orders from a lowly-" Before she could continue, Cinculu interrupted her.

"Now is not the time, Trayza. If Nufaris is this worried, it must be major. Follow his orders at once." Cinculu's cool head allowed him to see past the typical hostilities that something absolutely awful must be approaching.

Nufaris turned quickly to Officer Alaris once again. "What speed is that object traveling at? Are the coordinates set? Are you _sure_ it can't be deflected?"

She shook her head quickly as she tried mightily to stifle her horror. "It's traveling at... at... Warp 2, Founder Nufaris. Estimated projections indicate... that..." She swallowed heavily as her tongue flicked over her razor sharp teeth. "...Volgarius may not just be destroyed. It will likely be blasted into a trillion pieces by the impact. The object may pass directly through the planet."

Nufaris felt his heart smash in his chest as she gave him the bad news. "Time to impact?"

"Four minutes, thirty-seven seconds and counting."

He grunted quickly as he turned to another crewman. "Set all ships to Gold Alert. Get a countdown going. Try to aid the evacuation for as long as possible. We're pulling out of here at the one-minute to impact mark."

Glancing again at the tactical display, he watched in dismay as the last of the human ships blasted off into hyperspace. _I don't know how the humans did it, but if I should survive this day, I'll never forget this._ _I'll never forgive them._

Unarin stood alongside his assistant, Muuxunu. Standing in the battle room at the Founders Tower, he blinked slowly as his tactical data stopped updating in real-time on his screen and an error message appeared. "Communications have been cut off, hmm? I wonder what the humans are planning."

Muuxunu shook her head slightly. "We've lost many times to the humans, haven't we, Founder Unarin? They're very crafty and full of tricks."

Unarin nodded slowly. "Yes. I hold a small respect for them, given how they've outmaneuvered us several times. I will say they have the potential to destroy the universe, given their parasitical nature. Everything about them is a conundrum. They preach diplomacy but are ruthless when it comes to warring against their own kind. They seem to require having an enemy at all times. Whether the enemy is internal or external, it matters not. I believe this will be their eventual downfall."

As Unarin spoke, he sent a mental signal upwards to the ships in orbit. His mental abilities were reflected. _It seems the humans are preventing not only our communications, but our telepathy as well. How they continue to keep surprising us is beyond me. Have they any limits to their powers?_

As he had that thought, he sensed that a single ship had descended through the cloud cover on Volgarius. It was a capital ship, so it was likely one of the other Founders. To his surprise, it was Nufaris' ship that had appeared.

A mental voice appeared in his head as Nufaris pinged him mentally. "Founder Unarin! I'm here to evacuate you at once. The humans will absolutely eradicate Volgarius in less than four minutes. You need to escape!"

Unarin frowned, an expression he was not one to usually make. "Explain. How can they do something like that? Weren't we just crushing them?"

Nufaris scrunched up his face as he cast his eyes downwards. "I don't know how they did it, Unarin. I simply don't know. Somehow, they've created a massive rock made of solid iron, ten times denser than it should be, given its size. As for the size... it's three hundred kilometers in diameter. And it's traveling directly at Volgarius... moving at the speed of Warp 2..."

Unarin felt his face turn white. "Im... impossible... a solid iron asteroid? That must be a joke. And at that speed... that will likely vaporize the planet. For such a thing to exist..."

Unarin stared out the massive window of the Founder's Tower towards space. Somewhere, out there, a harbinger of death was aiming itself at his people. He had minutes left. But there was no time. All his people would die.

Swallowing slowly, Unarin turned back to look at the tiny dot high up in the sky, where Nufaris' ship was descending rapidly. "Founder Nufaris... I know you are blaming yourself for this turn of events... but do not do such a thing. This is not your fault. I want you to leave at once, evacuate and save yourself and as many other Volgarians as you can. Take the other Founders, make sure our people are not wiped out."

Nufaris nodded slowly as his mental image wavered in Unarin's mind. "I see. Founder Unarin, I will be down there at once to retrieve you."

"No. I will not be evacuating with you." Unarin instantly rejected the notion. "Listen to me carefully, Nufaris. I have made many mistakes as leader. Death will be upon my people today, and there is nothing any of us can do about it now. Thirteen trillion Volgarians are about to die... and it is my fault. If I had taken the demon's offer and sacrificed a trillion of our people, we would have our own dimensional space right now. Instead, I let weakness and sentimentality cloud my decisions. Nufaris, with me gone, you will become the First Founder. You did well against the humans today, despite this last trick of theirs, we were likely to win had they not pulled this out of their sleeve. You will lead the Volgarians to a new age of prosperity. Do not make the same mistakes I made."

Nufaris felt his jaw drop slightly. "You're... not going to evacuate? But you will surely die!"

Unarin nodded slowly as his eyes closed. "Yes. This is just. I have always done what I had to in order to protect my people, but I see now how many poor choices I have made. I trust in you, even if the other Founders do not. You were supposed to be a simple pawn originally, but now I see that you are fit to lead our people. Go forth, Nufaris, and do what must be done. Learn from the past. Do not repeat our mistakes."

Nufaris felt his throat tighten at Unarin's words. "First Founder... I had thought... I had imagined that you betrayed your people... I thought you betrayed Dosena... are you really so selfless? You would voluntarily give up your power and life for your own people? Have I misjudged you?"

Unarin shrugged imperceptibly. "I don't have all the answers, Nufaris. But know this; whatever memory you saw, whatever glimpse of the past you may have observed... don't misinterpret it or make hasty decisions. Things are never what they seem when it comes to our history. Finally..."

Unarin paused as he reached down under his table, pulling out a device similar to the one he had used previously to share his memories. Pressing his hand on it, his eyes rolled back into his head as he dumped his memories into it, the painless process taking mere seconds to empty millions of orbital periods into the device at once. Blinking slowly, he cleared his head as the process completed. With a wave of his hand, he used his magical energy to teleport the device up into the stratosphere aboard Nufaris' waiting ship. Nufaris jerked backwards involuntarily as the device suddenly popped into the air in front of him, dropping downwards and crashing onto the ground with a loud thud.

"...take this with you. If you are to be the leader of our people, you must know of the past. You must know everything. I trust you, Nufaris... like I once trusted Dosena. I will not make the same mistake with you as I made with her."

Nufaris reached down and gently picked up the mental sharing device, bewildered at this sudden turn of events. As he was about to speak, Officer Alaris interrupted his thoughts from across the bridge. "Founder Nufaris! We have less than a minute and a half before impact!"

Nodding quickly, he turned his mental attention back to Unarin. "First Founder... I apologize for ever doubting you. I will carry out this sacred mission. I will protect our people at all costs. I... I am sorry."

Unarin waved his hand dismissively. "Begone. Enough lingering. If you die, this will have been in vain. Thank you for your service."

Severing the link, Unarin prevented Nufaris from responding. A few moments later, he sensed the ship reluctantly turn away and begin a rapid ascent upwards, past the mental barrier the humans had somehow erected over the planet.

Unarin sighed as he reached over and placed a hand on Muuxunu's shoulder. Her expression turned to bewilderment at the sudden physical contact. "F-first Founder! I... I..."

He ignored her discomfort as she fought to understand what had just taken place. Having not been a part of the mental conversation, she had no idea why he had just dumped his memories into that collection device, nor how he had managed to make it vanish into thin air.

"Muuxunu. You have been a loyal assistant, all these generations. As such, there's something I would like to show you. Come with me. We don't have much time left."

Muuxunu nodded in confusion as they began to walk out of the room towards a destination unknown.

Unarin sighed as he felt his eyes lower in shame. _Dosena... I hope you will someday forgive me for my betrayal. You didn't deserve to meet your end like that._
