Part 298a

_June 6th, 2101, 3:10 AM._

According to the projected arrival time, the attack party has 27 hours before they arrive at Volgarius. In three hours time, they'll halt and pause while we create a wormhole. I may end up having them circle around to a place less directly in the path from their world to ours, lest they send a ship towards Earth and stumble upon our wormhole, but only time will tell.

I yawn as I glance at my holo-watch. I'd usually be sleeping right now, but I can't sleep due to how important the events in the next few hours will be. Once the portal is open, we're going to take our 50,000 strong fleet of military spacecraft and split them between Earth and the portal on the other side, nearest Volgarius. This way, the Volgrim can't simply enter through the portal and attack us without ramming a blockade first.

As I blink my eyes heavily, I hear Amelia's voice from the other side of the room. "I'm bored."

I glance over at Amelia to see her moving a drinking glass coaster back and forth on a table slowly, as she stares ahead absentmindedly.

"You're bored, huh?" My reply is anything but filled with interest, still her eyes seem to clear up for a moment as she returns the look.

"Yeah. Can we play a game or something?" Her request is odd, given she's never shown an interest in games before. Ever since I satiated her hunger a few months ago, it's been part of a daily ritual where I whisper it at her when I wake up in the morning. She has shown zero signs of a hunger for human flesh and has been acting extremely docile, to an unnerving degree.

I blink quickly as I rub my eyes, noticing something else... her figure... she doesn't look like a tiny child now. Perhaps I'm missing something, and maybe I simply missed the gradual changes, but she looks to be in her young teens now. Has she physically aged? Why would that suddenly happen? Is my spell somehow having a physical effect on her body, albeit unintended?

Shaking the thoughts off, I get out of my chair and stride over to her lazily, sitting down directly across from her at the table. She's wearing a red ribbon in her hair, which makes her look quite charming. "Well, what kind of game do you want to play?"

She shrugs and sighs heavily. "I don't know... what kind of games are fun?"

A million possibilities pass through my mind, all revolving around video games I played long, long ago, before I entered the Cryopod and lost interest in such things. I'm too old to be playing video games now. Something more grounded in reality would be suitable for the both of us...

Taking a moment to think about it, a lightbulb appears in my mind. "Ah, how about Chess?"

She perks up at my casual suggestion. "I don't know what that is! Is it fun?"

Nodding, I lean to the side where a large replicator is embedded into the wall. "It's a game that involves thinking. Naturally, this will give you an advantage."

Amelia cracks an amused grin. "Of course."

As I tap on the buttons, I create a chessboard and the 32 relevant pieces, setting them on the table before us. Amelia stares at my hands with extreme interest as I set up the pieces.

Moments later, all the white and black pieces are in their respective locations. I am playing as white, and she's playing as black. "White goes first, so I'll make the first move."

"Wait, you can't just make up the rules on the spot!" Amelia puffs out her cheeks at me and I stifle a chuckle.

"No, this is the way Chess is played. The goal of Chess is to take your opponents pieces and force his king into 'checkmate'. You do this by outmaneuvering your opponent and predicting his moves. Each piece moves in its own special way, and some pieces are objectively better than the other ones. This game involves taking risks, and occasionally sacrificing a piece for the greater good."

Amelia nods slowly, and I take a few minutes to explain the rules to her.

"The horsey can jump other pieces? Why?"

I itch my cheek and shrug. "I dunno. That's just the rules."

"Why does he move so weird though? All the other pieces move in straight and diagonal lines, but he moves in this weird... curved way."

Her question was a sensible one. I had asked my friend who taught me how to play that exact same question, all those decades ago. "That's just the way it is. Let's move on to the King and Queen, the pieces in the middle. They're protected by Pawns and Bishops in front and to the sides. The King can move any direction, forwards or backwards, even diagonal... but he can only move one tile at a time."

Amelia grimaced. "Some King. He's barely better than a pawn."

"Yes, but the best piece in the game is the Queen. The Queen is just like the king, she can move any direction, whether it's up and down, left and right, or diagonal... but she can move any number of spaces and take pieces as needed. The Queen is the most powerful and important piece on the chessboard."

Amelia's grimace instantly turned into a smile. "Hah! Girl power! I'm going to checkmate you using my queen!"

I smiled at her, taking a small breath to clear my head. Glancing at the clock, I raised an eyebrow. We'd already taken 20 minutes just to learn the absolute basics of playing chess. At this rate, the time it would take for me to get the expected call from the JIB would pass very quickly. Turning back to Amelia, I reached for the pawn directly in front of my king. "Every game of chess has exactly twenty possible moves the player can open with. You can move a pawn forwards one tile, two tiles, or you can jump a knight forwards to the left or the right. Personally, I like moving this pawn in front of the king forwards two tiles, it's my opening move with the best performance usually."

Amelia frowned as I moved the pawn. "I thought pawns could only move one tile at a time?"

"Ordinarily, but for their first move from their starting position, they can move two tiles. If you choose to start a pawn forwards by only moving it one tile, it can't move two tiles later on."

Amelia groaned. "This game is... complicated. Who made up these rules, anyway?"

I shrugged again, a movement I had been using constantly for the last twenty minutes straight. "I dunno, probably Buddha or something. This game is like three thousand years old. I think."

Amelia giggled quietly. "Buddha... I met him once, you know."

I stared at her, open eyed, for a few moments. Of course she wasn't joking... this is Amelia I'm talking to, and she never jokes. "You did? What was he like?"

Her giggling expression vanished instantly. "I'm not sure. I devoured him. We didn't speak to each other."

I stared at her awkwardly for a few moments as I realized she wasn't joking. "...Oh."

"Yeah..." She turned away, blushing as she realized what she'd said. "W-well, water under the bridge, I guess?"

I nodded, swallowing hard. "Yeah, I suppose so. What can you do? Ha... haha..." Quickly making a mental note to not discuss key historical figures of the past in front of her ever again, I quickly pointed to my pawn. "Anyway, as I was saying, moving this pawn forwards is a key move of mine. I tend to use it quite a lot as my opening move."

Amelia nodded as she glanced around the board. "Why? Doesn't that open up your king to attack right off the bat?" She seemed all too happy to leave the previous subject alone.

"No, because in Chess, you can't actually 'take' the king like you do other pieces. You have to get the enemy king into a position where he cannot move in any direction or he'll be taken, while any move he makes will result in you taking him on your next turn."

Amelia smiled sweetly. "Sounds easy!"

I didn't want to break her heart. I didn't want to tell her just how 'not easy' it actually was. Instead, I'd have to show her over these next couple of hours.

"If you say so. Your move now."

.......................

An hour later, I'd already beaten Amelia twice and we were well underway for the third game. She didn't like the existence of other silly rules, like 'en passant' for Pawns and 'Castling' for Kings, but she accepted them. Amelia was, shockingly enough, very good at accepting new rules and formulating strategies around them.

Now I sit here on the edge of my seat, staring carefully at the board. She has my king pinned into a corner and checkmate is likely two to four turns away, a big jump considering this was only her third game ever played. Of course, I certainly hadn't given her any easy kills or anything like that to keep her motivated. Nope, no sir. (I did.)

As I stared at the board carefully, trying to determine how to get out of my predicament, Amelia hesitantly voiced a question in a somewhat quieter voice than usual. "Hey... Jason. Why did you make me the black side, and you the white?"

I glanced up from the board at her face. There was something to her expression that I hadn't seen before. Doubt? Guilt? "I dunno... I just wanted to go first... or something like that."

She bowed her head slightly, averting her eyes from mine. "You didn't do it because I'm bad... right? It wasn't because you think I'm a bad person?"

I quickly shook my head, perhaps too quickly. "No! Of course not! That's ridiculous."

She reached up to tap on her lip slowly. "I mean... black is a color that usually means 'evil', and white means 'pure'. Since you think of yourself as a 'good guy', then perhaps, you..." She trailed off her sentence and left the insinuation to hang in the air, like a foul stench that was difficult to ignore.

I glanced away from her and out the Mothership's plexiglass windows, towards the uncountable stars in the sky. "I don't know. Maybe, I guess... I don't think you should take any offense to it, at the least. I certainly didn't mean anything bad by it..."

Amelia shuffled in her seat as she wrung her hands together in her lap. "Yeah, I guess. But, you know, I've been thinking a lot, lately. I'm really quite a bad person, aren't I? I'm not normal. Even when I'm not... hungry... I still feel something, deep down inside of me."

I cocked an eyebrow at her cryptic description. "You _feel_ something?"

"Yes. It's... hatred, I suppose. I used to always feel so much hatred. I hated humans, and demons, and angels, and the gods... I never liked anyone in my entire life. But now... what if I was wrong all those years?" Amelia's lip quivered slightly as she turned and stared at the chessboard in front of us. "I'm just sitting here, playing a game like any simple child might do... but what right do I have? How many have I killed?"

I felt my breathing sharpen as she spoke. How long had she been wrestling with these questions? More importantly, I agreed with her. She really was a monster. But... "Amelia, you were a bad person who did bad things. You lived a really bad life. If you're willing to admit that to yourself now, does that also mean you're willing to change?"

She nodded hesitantly, but a sparkle caught in her eye as a single tear formed. She wiped it away quickly. "Yes. But what good does that do to those I murdered? Even if I change, they won't ever come back. What right do I have to live while they die?"

I stared at her for a long few moments, unable to form words. Frankly, I didn't have the answer. I stared out the window again, thinking silently to myself about a great many things. Finally, a simple question formed itself in my mind. _What would Arthur say in a situation like this?_

After a long minute, I turned back to Amelia. "There's a story I read in a history book, many decades ago. There was a man who stole money from banks, over and over again. He never hurt anybody, physically, but he was wanted by every major organization in the world. At the time, it was unbelievable how easy he made it seem. But, when they finally caught him and arrested him, he was let go to roam free. Do you know why that is?"

Amelia turned to look at me intently, curiosity in her eyes. "No... why?"

"Because, Amelia. The man was so good at stealing money, he decided to join the law enforcement agencies to help catch other thieves. He created many countermeasures for thieves to make sure others couldn't do the things he had done. Now, why do you suppose I'm telling you this story?"

Amelia immediately shrugged, waiting for me to explain. I stayed silent. After a few moments, she glanced away, realizing my question wasn't rhetorical. Finally, she turned back to me. "So... you're saying, because I was bad, I know what it means to be bad, and I can use that to stop others who would do evil things?"

I nodded but she immediately had a retort. "But he only stole money, Jason! He didn't hurt anyone! I killed people! I killed a lot of people!"

I sighed as I moved my hand forwards to shift my last remaining rook a few tiles over on my side of the chessboard. "That doesn't matter to me, Amelia. All that you need to do, if you really want to repent for your past, is to make sure you pay back in full the debt you've incurred. For every life you've devoured, you must save another life, threefold if possible. But you can't do that if you're moping around on this ship feeling sorry for yourself, can you?"

She wriggled in her seat slightly. "I don't know if it's that easy though..."

"It's not, and it will take a lot of hard work, but if anyone can do it, you can. I believe in you." As I said that last phrase, I felt my heart skip a beat. For once, I truly meant it. I _believed_ in Amelia. If she set her heart to it, she could make up for her past.

Amelia smiled slightly as she glanced back at the chessboard. "I can repent...? It's really possible, huh?"

I smiled, and as I was about to respond, Amelia spoke again. "Oh. I didn't even see this bishop here." Reaching over, she moved the piece over from the other side of the board. "Checkmate."

I stared at the board carefully, smiling as I saw her strategy executed perfectly. "Well done. I should have moved my rook another tile over. You're a good player."

She smiled cheerfully back as she winked at me. "Nah, you're just a bad player."

"Is that so? Wanna go another round?"

She smiled even more brightly at my question. "Of course!"

The heavy atmosphere lightened up, as a great obstacle seemed to have moved out of her path. As we played, I kept examining her closely. Was this it? Was this finally the first thing I needed to alter the future to change for the better? Perhaps, instead of looking for lives to take, I should be like Amelia, and start searching for lives to save.

As we played, I was jarred from my thoughts by my 6 AM alarm going off. Ah... well, that means it's time for the meeting.

All good times must pass.