Part 022 - Conviction

Hoarhiim nodded thoughtfully. "What you need to do is get stronger. With your destruction of the Riders of Sheol and causing an embarrassment to the Lord of the Undead, she won't forget this slight easily. She's probably going to send more at you. As you are right now, you will surely die."

Lord of the undead huh? That sounded ominous. I'm getting a _bad_ feeling about this. "Well, for now, I need to rest my body. If only there was a safe room somewhere nearby."

Amelia smiled. "Ha! There's no such thing as a safe room! There is always danger inside the Labyrinth!" Saying that, she grabbed my hand, jumped to her feet, and with her other hand, made some strange symbols in the air.

Wait, what the hell? Suddenly I was inside a room with a bed, a large Victorian-Style bed, to be precise. Was this the safe room from earlier?

"Uh, uh, how did we get here? I'm confused." I looked around in bewilderment. It had happened so fast! I was leaning against the wall in the room with the pillars and then suddenly I was here.

"It's teleportation, _obviously_." Amelia replied, mocking me condescendingly. "Sheesh, for a person with such power and wisdom, you truly are a buffoon."

"Yes, I'm always amazed at the sheer stupidity I witness constantly." Blaarjiim nodded in the affirmative. Shut up, asshole.

"Teleportation huh? This place has less limits than I thought." I thought about it for a minute. If we could teleport, then all bets were off. Did I even need to actually travel the maze? Why not just teleport to each of the legendary treasures? I knew where they were all located. If I could figure out how to use it, teleporting should be pretty easy.

Hoarhiim, apparently reading my mind thanks to our linked energy, shook his head. "Bad idea, Child. If you go teleporting around, you'll be dead in seconds. Not only does danger lurk at every turn in this Labyrinth, it takes a vast amount of energy to move even a small distance. Furthermore, most legendary treasures are hidden inside a Thought Sphere, protecting them from magical interference. This is also why it baffles me that you can see their locations. It shouldn't be possible."

Amelia smiled. "Unlike you, I have access to thought energy, and my dear Blaarjiim would never let me get hurt so I'm not worried about it! Plus I'm not a weakling like you." She made a weird motion with her hands to her face like she was imitating me. I'd rather not describe it. How rude.

Alright already. I think I have an idea of what needs to be done. I need to find more pieces of that armor. This should make me very formidable. The only question is, what piece should I target next? Looking at the rooms in my Mental Map, I searched around carefully. The Chestplate and the Leg Bracers seem to be the closest, with the latter being the absolute closer of them, but if this twisty maze is any indication, that could change over the course of a few days if my luck doesn't hold out.

However, there's also the matter of my accidentally enraging the Lord of the Undead. I guess whoever she is, she's different from being the Lord of Darkness, like Blaarjiim? How many lords are there? Do they have different abilities? How can I protect myself against them? How can I defeat them or avoid them, or even just make peace with them?

An idea forms in my mind. When I entered here, I was hopeless. Death awaited around every corner, but now, I feel more than just hope. I may just have a goal. Not just to escape this hell, but barring that, to rule over this labyrinth. What if I were to defeat and subjugate all the lords around me? What if by becoming ruler I could gain a power that would allow me to return to my own time or world, wherever that may be.

Would I even want to do that? My life was dull. It was boring. Before I came here, I was so tired of my world that I was willing to put myself inside a cryopod and send myself into a fantastically distant future, caring nothing for anyone I'd leave behind.

Yes, it's true. I don't miss my old world at all. The only reason I wanted to return was due to my cowardice. Since this crown has effectively removed my cowardice, I can think more clearly and formulate strategy more effectively.

I look Amelia right in the eye. "Amelia, I have an idea for a game we can play."