Part 074 - Emergency

"Beelzebub was defeated." President Ose said flatly. She adjusted her glasses as she looked at the paper in her hands. "Umi confirmed it."

Bael stared unemotionally at her. "So what? I never liked him anyways. He was a weakling who thought he could gain power with words and political favors. He was a worm." Bael flexed his grip lightly. "TRUE power is gained through actions, not words."

Agares nodded as he pet his crocodile. "Agreed. The Hero is becoming more dangerous and we need to finish him off, but defeating Beelzebub is no great feat. He's not even a duke."

Ose nodded slowly. "Yes, you are correct and your words are true. But..." She slid her paper down to Agares. "...have a look at the manner in which he won."

The table went silent and the other members watched Agares eyes as he read. They had only just convened this emergency meeting under President Ose's orders. They had not yet read the report.

Agares shifted uncomfortably in his seat. "Really? Umi confirmed it? A single word? It's ridiculous." He tossed the paper down on the table and sneered. "I'd have to see it to believe it."

Normally, Ose would pull out a video and show them but this time she shrugged. "I don't have visual confirmation, but Umi's word is good as gold. We've never doubted her now, and we aren't about to start."

Diablo, sitting at the head of the table, stroked his temples and nodded. "Yes. I agree. He is far too dangerous. This time... we really have to put a stop to him."

"He seems to have the ability to cast spells verbally, but his limit is a single word." Agares spoke again. After reading the report, he was still doubtful. "And his power appears to be essentially unlimited, as any effect he can think of will happen so long as he has enough magical power, and there is a word to describe what he wants."

Bael leaned into the table, suddenly more interested. "Really? Is he limited to just a single word? Not two or more?"

Ose shook her head. "I don't believe he can do more than one, but it's hard to tell. It may be a bluff. Umi has a 95% confidence in her analysis, but as we all know... _humans_..." She spit the last word out. She didn't need to say anything else. The other demons at the table also had their lips curled in disgust.

"...Miserable little creatures..." Mephisto was muttering under his breath. His incorporeal spiritual form was always an interesting sight. He wore a blood red tunic and a blood red phoenix feather stuck between his right ear and his head. His signature ability was that he could sense any nearby spiritual energy around him.

"Yes, they are little... but every so often, a pest will spring up and challenge my patience." Diablo beckoned at Ose. "Do you have a recommendation for anyone to send after him? We need to put an end to him now, before we lose any other assets."

Ose shook her head. "Don't bother. You're not going to believe this, but the fool is actually chasing after the Lord of Flies and her companion. He should meet up with her in one of the human worlds soon."

Bael actually laughed out loud. "Bahaha! Well then, if he has a death wish, let's let him do it!"

Diablo nodded. "Yes. I agree. If she kills him, we're rid of a pest. And if he kills her... well..."

Ose smiled an evil smile. "There's a reason we never broke her out of that prison."

The demons at the table roared in laughter. Their laughter shook the halls as the night carried on.