Part 036: The Test Part 4

I was completely speechless. My mouth gaped open.

I stared at Bahamut numbly. You're kidding. This was the riddle? This was the riddle that had killed millions of warriors, adventurers, and kings? This stupid fucking riddle? Everyone knows the answer to this riddle. It's so easy. I remember accidentally reading it on a Facebook post from one of my few friends a couple years ago. Well, a couple years before I went in the cryotube.

I couldn't believe it. No, it just simply could not be that easy. Everyone knows the answer to this stupid riddle. I looked around at the throng of monsters gathered around the arena. _All of these monsters were men who failed to guess the answer to this riddle._

I look over at Kar. His head was bowed. When I looked at him, he shook his head. He had no idea what the answer was, and didn't even want to guess.

Then I looked at Amelia. She was shaking, visibly. She seemed terrified. I heard her whispering something under her breath. " _Pleasedon'tkillmeohgodwe'regoingtodieIdon'tknowtheanswerohgodpleaseblessmysoul..._ " I almost said some words of comfort but then I realized that would count as an answer.

I looked back at Bahamut. The smug bitch, she was staring up at the sky, lost in daydream land. She thinks she has this in the bag. Fucking cunt. I'm still baffled. It can't actually be this easy.

Think, Me. Is there another possible answer? Could it really just be the Sphinx's riddle? Why is a Siren asking the riddle anyway? Were the old legends wrong? If they were wrong about it being the Sphinx, they could possibly be wrong about the answer as well.

...

No, my answer was correct. It really was that easy. And that smug bitch is looking at me again. Look at her, she thinks she's already won.

I glance at the hourglass sitting on the table. A shockingly small amount of time has passed since she set it there. Maybe 15 seconds. I can't believe it's this easy.

I look back at her. Her face, which once had a grin, is suddenly no longer smiling. She seems to know my answer is coming. Oh well, here goes nothing.

"Man."

Her face freezes, a look of cold terror washes over it. I hear her voice in my mind. " _What._ " It wasn't a question, she was visibly stunned. That's right, you bitch, I know the answer. You'll regret taking on the Child of Gaia.

"When man is born, he walks on four legs. As he grows older, he walks on two. When he becomes elderly, he walks on three, with a cane being his third. Finally, when he dies, he no longer walks at all."

Bahamut staggers back. The shock is hitting her like a freight train.

**"HOW?! HOW DID YOU KNOW THE ANSWER?!"**

Her voice booms out loudly, making me wince. Amelia turns and gazes at me in awe, staring past my face and at the Crown of Solomon. "Oh my god... that truly is a legendary treasure!"

Suddenly Bahamut straightens her stance out and staggers back into a mostly normal position befitting a god. " _What? A legendary treasure? Wait... it can't be._ "

She lunges forwards and grabs at the crown on my head. Unfortunately for her, it will not come off unless I take it off myself. After letting her try for a solid five seconds, I swat her hand away.

" _Insolent-_ " she backs away. " _Y-you cheated! You used the Crown of Solomon! You used the infinite wisdom of the king preferred by the highest God! You could never have guessed without it!_ "

She suddenly regained her composure." _Yes, yes of course, without the Crown of Solomon, you would have been in my grasp. Damn you!_ "

She paces back and forth for a full minute, cursing many obscenities under her breath, before I politely, and loudly clear my throat.

"AHEM! Bahamut, I believe we had a deal. And you never said I couldn't wear the crown for the test, so that was your own fault." I smile. It's alright if she thinks it was the Crown that gave me the answer. In truth I would have known it before she answered even without the Crown, but she didn't have to know that.

She had seemed to regain her composure. She probably figured that since it was the Crown that knew the answer, and not me personally (wrong) then it didn't have to count and hurt her pride.

"Well, truthfully, the Crown told me everything, but I still get to take one of your rings."

She grimaced, an ugly expression for such a lovely face. The grimace revealed her incredibly numerous and sharp teeth.

" _Very well, I will not sully this moment by doing anything dishonorable. You may choose one ring._ " She held up her hand towards me and pointed at each finger individually. " _The first, the second, or the third?_ "

I pondered it. I still had no idea what any of the rings even _did_. She simply said that they would grant me godlike powers.

Shrugging, I pick one at random. "Eeny meeny miney moe..." she looks confused, like she thought I was casting a spell on her hand. Oh well, fuck what she thinks.

Pointing at the second ring I speak to her. "The second one, the middle one. I'll take it."

She looks absolutely defeated. " _Very well... he is yours._ "

He? He who? I reach my hand out to accept the ring from her. She places it in my hand, and before I put it on my finger, I notice there's writing on it. Thanks to the Crown, I easily deduce that it's Egyptian. But the word on it is actually a name.

_Gabriel._
