Part 269a

The officers on board the Explorer-class ship, Excelsior, were prepping for their first voyage, as the crew of 1,200 shifted to and fro, gearing up for their launch in just a few hours.

Only a few days ago, the EPS (Earth Protective Shield) was completed and came online, and the offensive fleet that was to head towards Volgarius to attack them on their home territory had launched shortly afterwards.

Things are moving quickly.

I stand now before the Gods and Angels once again, as I tell them about what is going on down on Earth. A bunch of them are sitting at the usual place at the Great Table as it's known, mumbling and nodding as I give my explanation.

Britannia, the goddess of the Times, who I had come to meet when she gave me Excalibur, smiled expectantly as I spoke. "That's great news! As more and more countries join the Brittanian Empire, my power grows. Exploring the space around Earth is also good, we need a refuge in case the worst should happen on our homeworld."

"Hold off on talk like that. I don't like to hear it." Zeus scowled at Britannia. "I don't want to hear anyone say 'if the Earth should be destroyed' or any other such things, am I clear? It makes me very uneasy."

Britannia waved her hand at him and rolled her eyes. "For heaven's sake, you're acting like the superstitious humans do when they start thinking about 'bad luck' and 'jinxing' themselves. We have a competent, even _powerful_ Hero here, I think we will be able to handle anything the demons and Volgrim throw at us."

I shifted on my feet as Zeus grumbled under his breath. Gabriel took a sip of wine and then set it back down. "So, Jason, we brought you here today for a good reason. Can you guess what it is?"

I shrugged at him as I finally sat down at the end of the table uneasily. The atmosphere had been very odd up to this point. The gods seemed very despondent, yet hopeful. It was as if they had made a difficult decision, yet had decided to live with the consequences. "Well, uh, perhaps you decided to make me an honorary god?"

Gabriel's smile faltered as he flicked his gaze over to Britannia, who shrugged and looked away, before Gabriel looked back to me. "I mean, I suppose if you wanted it might be possible but, err... no."

Aw... _man_. "Well in that case, I have no clue."

Gabriel's smile vanished entirely as he eyed me. "We've decided to join in the war, out of... necessity. We will start helping humans very soon in battle against the Volgrim, but only in important circumstances."

I felt my jaw drop slightly as I picked it back up and reattached it. "You're joking. That is to say... you shouldn't, though."

"Yes, we're aware of your predictions about the Earth dying, we have to take the risk though. Humanity no longer is giving us enough thought energy output to survive. If we wait much longer, we're going to start dying out en-masse." Gabriel lowered his gaze as he stared at the cup in front of him. "These are dark times for us. We face the possibility of extinction by way of fighting our current two enemies and losing, by way of humanity not supplying us with the energy we need, and by humanity outright exterminating us if they deem us a threat. In fact, we no longer see any winning paths, other than to join the fray and hope our appearance inspires humans to begin praying more fervently. If we're lucky, they will be able to give us enough thought energy to actually start gaining spiritual energy again. Right now, we're barely even, and soon we will begin losing it, faster and faster. From our end, it's quite hopeless."

Gabriel went on to explain to me his plan: Under my command, they would join in important battles fighting amongst the humans to bolster their spirits, then returning to heaven quickly, so as to not make humans grow too comfortable around them.

"I understand. I fear the extinction of the angels will happen if we pursue this route, but you are correct... the extinction is looking more likely every day... almost as if it was fated to happen." I chewed on my lip as my eyes glazed over.

"Well, personally, **I** think it's a grand idea! Too bad you won't live long enough to see it bear fruit."

From the center of the room, a voice spoke out suddenly, as a familiar figure appeared in a flash of light. Satan stood on the table before us, as everyone jumped to their feet.

"What in the name of Heaven?!" Zeus summoned lightning in his hand as he raised his hand up to strike the demon down.

"There's no need for that." Satan teleported in an instant directly behind me, but my spatial vision was able to track his movement and I jerked to my left as I spun around to face him.

"Satan. I thought I might have killed you. I guess I can't be that lucky, when there's no body to be found."

Satan chuckled as his eyes darkened. "This isn't the time for pleasantries. I just wanted to tell the gods that my preparations are finally complete. This is the day you all perish. Farewell!"

Without waiting for a response, Satan vanished, as if he had stepped into another dimension instead of teleporting, he wholly disappeared from my spatial vision in an instant.

"What was that about?!" Gabriel glowered at the spot where Satan had been standing. "Just what did he mean by that?"

I started to pose a theory, but at that moment alarms lit up in my suit. "WARNING! PILOT JASON, PROJECTILE INBOUND FROM ABOVE! TAKE COVER!"

My spatial vision suddenly started tracking a missile flying directly at the Temple of Artemis, as I quickly coiled my legs and leaped upwards, sailing a few hundred feet past the open roof and above the temple just in time to see what resembled a nuclear warhead aimed directly at the gods!

Deflecting was a bad idea, too many could die wherever it landed! Only one option rushed to my mind. " **INERT!** "

The missile continued on its path directly towards the temple. In a single breath, it blasted past me and smashed into the ground, the gods narrowly leaping out of the way in time. As I fell back to the ground, my spatial vision rapidly examined it, and I felt a sinking feeling in my gut. No exotic particles were present. This wasn't a bomb, it was a-

Before I realized what was happening, the missile suddenly opened up, the side of it blasting outwards, as a strange device inside activated.

WEEEE WEEEE WEEEE

A loud screeching sound emitted from it, causing all of the gods in the room to fall into convulsions as they fell to their knees, and then went totally limp, flopping on the floor.

What the hell was that?! As I fell back down, I hit the ground with a thud and dashed over to the device. It was still emitting that awful screeching noise, so I hit it full force, smashing it to pieces.

A few seconds later, the immortals in the room stumbled back up to their feet, as they breathed heavily. "That... I felt the life drain from my body in the blink of an eye..." Gabriel seemed quite shaken. The feeling of powerlessness must have been quite overwhelming.

I glanced at the device again as my helmet front closed up. " _Inspect._ "

A list of readings appeared in my mind, but they were too complicated for me to fully understand. Still, I got the gist of it, thanks to the intelligence the Crown of Solomon had given me in the past. This was an energy nullifier. It seemed to cause any being in a short distance to lose the ability to move, completely neutralizing them, based on their spiritual energy levels. Luckily my suit gave me protection from the device, but the gods were totally powerless against it.

Was this a warning shot? Or maybe...

From outside, there was a loud ruckus, as sounds of explosions were heard in the distance. I stood up quickly, as did the gods and the archangels, as we all turned to rush outside.

A massive amount of enemies were visible some miles away, the flatness of Heaven allowing us to see their army clearly. Volgrim and demon alike appeared to be flooding through rifts that had appeared in the far distance. I couldn't make out exactly what was going on, but getting closer would solve that problem.

"Let's go. This appears to be an important battle." Zeus was in all business mode, as he slapped his golden chest armor, bearing the blackened mark of a lightning bolt across the front. "This has been a long time coming."