Part 231a:

Gregory stood on the opposite side of the hangar, watching as the massive assembly machine slowly lifted the final armored plate on top of the new dreadnought-class battleship. This prototype, unlike the other ships of the past, was designed and built by humans wholly without my help.

It's been a year since my encounter with the Volgrim. Thanks to my abilities, I've built up one heck of a fleet for fighting them if it comes to war, but it drains my energy to have to focus on these things so much. Now that humanity has started building up their own factories, I don't have to work night and day building ships for us to use, and should something happen to me, humanity still has a way to defend themselves.

This first ship they built, especially, was quite the project. Instead of starting small with a prototype, they cheated and used me to perfect the design. The Dreadnought-class ship is quite huge, roughly 70% the size of the Mothership length and width-wise, but it's much 'flatter' meaning that while the mothership has around 5 stories of depth, the Dreadnought only has two.

All the countries in the world have indeed stopped their wars and petty conflicts, once they saw footage of my discussion with the Volgrim. The Volgrim's terrifying appearance were quite the motivator. People don't take kindly to a thing with teeth like a shark and beady little eyes like some villain from a cartoon. My biggest fear is... what if diplomacy doesn't work? Doubtless, the Volgrim will return. Hopefully they will return on a positive note and give us a chance to work things out, but I'm beginning to have doubts.

Everything is falling into place a bit too conveniently. I'm beginning to wonder if I am changing the future, or repeating it. Since I have yet to live through it, it could go either way, and this is what fills me with doubt.

As the crew below welds the new hardened armor onto the Dreadnought, a wave of cheering and yelling goes up around the hangar. This, at the least, is a huge win for humanity. When this prototype successfully launches, we will have two warships in orbit and will begin mass-production.

But that's not all, Japan has also started creating a fully-compliant 'stupid' AI that follows any order given and doesn't tend to think outside of the box. This AI is the one that I believe will end up running the micro-dreadnoughts I faced in the future, but seeing as they are likely going to be the key to winning this war, along with enhanced battle armor and things of that sort, I'm not going to try and stop their development. They may end up forming into UMI, but that can't be helped. I'll try and stop them if that happens.

As I think these thoughts, I get a communication inside my helmet from a man I designated my secretary. "Judicator, there's a woman here to speak with you. She says it's top priority, but I couldn't find any indication of her identity. Shall I let her in?"

"Sure thing, Thomas. Send her to my office."

_Sigh_. You know, I'm beginning to miss the simple days of the labyrinth. Even running Hero City was never this intense. I used to have fun all the time, I was able to really enjoy using my abilities, and I guess when it finally comes down to the nail I will eventually get to fight someone again in this time period... I just can't remember when I started looking forwards to battle so much.

Making my way down the various halls, occasionally teleporting around to speed up my ascent, I arrive on the top floor of my underground complex, the ground level introductory section. Walking past a few keycard junctions, I finally arrive at my office and see a beautiful looking young woman sitting on a chair, fidgeting nervously. While my helmet is closed, I quickly cast _Identify_ and find that her name is Rachael Donovan, age 27. She has long auburn hair, and she's wearing a white summer dress, along with a small set of glasses for seeing distances. She looks to be a civilian, but Identify only tells me a name of an individual along with some pertinent biological information, it's quite useless for finding out background info on a person.

She quickly turns her head as I walk in the room and my mouth-visor slides open. "Rachel Donovan, nice to meet you." I prevent a grin from escaping as her expression turns to slight confusion of how I knew her name.

"A pleasure to meet you too, _Jason Hiro_." Now it's my turn to be shocked. She knows my identity?! Who the-

She extends her small feminine hand forwards and I take it, as my own expression of shock quickly vanishes. "Well well well, it seems we're both full of surprises today."

My mouth visor slaps shut as I turn my head away for an instant, and I turn the windows opaque and disable the security cameras in my room. Before I turn back to look at her, my mouth-visor slides back open and I smile slightly as I walk over to the other side of my reddened mahogany desk and take a seat in my luxurious office chair. Reaching up, I lift off my helmet for the first time in over a year as I rub my blonde hair around. Hmm? Blonde? Didn't I change it to auburn just yesterday? Man, my hair really likes to change back to its original color when I'm not looking.

I lean back in my seat and take her in quickly. She's very short, only about 5'4", and appears to be wearing a wedding band of some sort. She has small petite lips and a fairly unpronounced nose as well. Clearly she takes good care of her looks. I wouldn't be shocked to find out she was a J.C. Penny fashion model of some sort now or in the past.

"So, miss Donovan, what can I help you with today?"

Her eyes glance at my face as she takes my appearance in. "You look different. The file I was shown showed a totally different face, but the hair is the right color."

"Oh, ah, plastic surgery. So who are you, and why do you know my identity, especially that I am also the Judicator?"

She pauses for a moment, as if to think carefully about my question and how to respond, before she continues. "Are you familiar with the Supernatural Protection Force?"

I evenly stare at her for a split second before slowly nodding. "...Yes..." My voice trails off as I wait for her to explain.

"I work for the SPF. One of my fellow agents there, Marie Becker, had this odd conspiracy theory for a long time that she kept going on and on about. I didn't believe her at first... but after much investigation, I had to believe her."

My eyes narrowed as I felt the tiniest tinge of anger in my voice. " _Go on._ "

Rachael appears to be slightly flustered by how little I'm talking. Normally I might find this to be cute, but right now I'm very worried about her words. "W-well, you see, I've been doing a lot of looking around, ah, talking to people who know things, you know, and I found a lot of stuff out that I couldn't believe might be true, and um... well, to tell you the truth, I came to you because... I believe you."

I felt my jaw loosen slightly. "You... believe me? What do you mean by that? I don't follow."

"Oh, well it's about what you said at the WCN conference. You said you were from the future. I believe you. I'm sure plenty do, but I mean to say that I wholeheartedly believe you. I have... actual evidence that you are from the future." She saw me starting to glare slightly and grew even more flustered. "N-no! I didn't speak to anyone about this! You're the first, I swear!"

"All right, fine. So you have proof that I'm from the future, so what? What does that mean for me?"

Rachael shuffled her feet slightly. "Well, the thing is, I think the evidence I have... you should really see it. I don't know how else to put this, but you need to come with me and see for yourself. To say it is a matter of life and death is a gross underestimation."

This woman seems so sure of what she's saying. "I've never met you before. How can I trust you are who you say you are? What if this is a trap?"

She shrugs slightly, her shoulders slumping back down. "I... guess you just have to trust me? I don't really have any proof I can show you right now, because I don't want to carry any documents on me in case I were to get arrested or taken away to a black site on the way here."

I nod slightly, giving up in defeat. "All right, fine. Where do we have to go then?"

...................................................................

Using the teleporter on board the Mothership in orbit over Earth, we go directly from my office to a set of coordinates in Colorado, not far from my home town. We appear in the middle of a mountain range, directly in front of a massive steel door.

Rachael seems noticeably enthralled by the act of teleportation. "Wow, this is just like in the Star Wars TV show!"

"Star _Trek_." I say, correcting her.

"Right. Sorry, I didn't watch much of it."

"I believe that." I say this flatly as I eyeball the door. After a few seconds, the elation of teleporting has worn off and she quickly pitter-patters over to the door by walking the few feet down the dirt path. Pressing a concealed side panel, some numerical buttons pop out as she types a series of numbers. I memorize them, just in case. _4, 8, 15, 16, 23, 42._ Might be useful to know in case she traps me in here or something.

The big door slowly opens up, lifting up into the mountainside above it. When it's fully open, she beckons for me to follow her, and I do.

We enter into a small narrow hallway, and she pauses. "I don't want anyone else coming in, so I'm going to close the door, alright?"

I nod. "Sure thing." I'm carrying my helmet with me in case I get ambushed and have to use Wordsmithing in a hurry. As she turns back to press the numbers to close the door, I tap my foot slightly, and then just like that, it's over. I watch the door as it closes to make sure nobody else slips in. I mentally confirm with Harold that if need be, even underground, he can teleport me out of here, before I follow along with her.

Interestingly, we walk for almost 10 straight minutes down this long, steel hallway, only slightly illuminated by small lights, and as we walk I can feel a gradual downward descent. We appear to have walked about a mile underground inside this mountain, and truth be told, we're only about a hundred miles away from my own underground base. What could possibly be underground that she is so desperately trying to hide?

Rachel walks very close beside me as we go along, and when I raise an eyebrow and glance at her, she awkwardly takes a step back. "S-sorry, I'm just... a little afraid of the dark." She nudges her glasses up her nose slightly as she stares at the ground. This is slightly awkward, but kind of adorable too.

We arrive at the end of the hallway after about 12 minutes of walking, and are greeted by a long steel door. I begin to feel apprehension, not due to the door, but due to a familiar feeling coming from within the room. "Why are there... dampeners... inside this room? To prevent the use of magic?"

She quickly shakes her head. "No, actually, you have to understand, Jason... I'm not hiding this from anyone in particular, I'm hiding it from _everyone at once_, human, demon, and angel alike. I will be lucky if I'm only fired over this. I could lose my life over what I've done."

I can feel a bit of apprehension in my gut, but I only nod as she again types in a long series of numbers, swipes a keycard twice, opens her eye for a retinal scan, and finally uses a fingerprint. Goddamn, she's not kidding... this place has so many layers of security... what is she hiding in here?

The door opens and the room we enter in is pitch black, but it feels small. This is perhaps the size of a storage shed... but inside the room, there's a very familiar glow. A light blue glow is coming from a single small light source, up towards the ceiling that is merely 8 feet high.

This glow... I recognize it. It's from the light on top of a cryopod.

"Jason... meet, uh... Jason." Rachael beckons towards the cryopod as she walks in, shining a light on it.

A chill freezes my body, from the skin all the way down to the bone. Inside the cryopod, I see a very familiar looking face sleeping silently. It's my own face. This is... me?

"What... the... hell..."
