Part 358a

_July 4th, 2120._

"How much of it remains?" My holo-viewer projects the numbers in front of me, even as Sensei reads the numbers off his datapad.

"Two percent. The Labyrinth is essentially a hollow core now. We can't get a full scan of the entire dimension at once, but we estimate less than ten thousand demons remain."

"Mmm." My lip pulls up in disgust as Sensei reaches forwards and takes his cup to his mouth, drinking the remainder of its coffee in one gulp. I can't stand the taste of coffee, yet my clones often drink it as if it's the nectar of the gods. The disparities between us are less subtle than before, and more of a small gulf these days.

"Don't let that fool you though. We've still got a long way to go. There are still a hundred million demons left on Earth... they're just hiding in North and South America." Sensei sets the pad down and stands up from his chair, stretching audibly even as a couple of my other clones shoot dirty looks at him. Sometimes he can be distracting with his constant need to move around. With seven of us at this table, we're the majority of Earth's top brass now. Having generals that can monitor the entire battlefield, teleport around as needed and such... much better than having plain old human generals.

"Have we found Satan?" A clone on the other side of the table, Marley, speaks up. He's the only 4th generation clone here, and considered the weakest as far as magical ability goes, but he's pretty friendly with most other clones in the JIB. It's nice to talk to him to quickly get a consensus on the pulse of all my clones at once, generally speaking.

"He's still in hiding." I roll my eyes as I say this. "Coward. He hides while his minions are slaughtered by the billions. He doesn't care at all."

"There might be a reason for that." Sensei shrugs nonchalantly as he turns back to the table. "Satan didn't survive a massive war in Heaven, twice, and thousands of years of conflict by just being a coward. I'd wager he's planning something. I don't know what, but he's a scheming little shit."

"That scheming little shit trounced Original in combat... essentially killed him once. He's had many years to increase his power and prepare countermeasures, assuming he's half as smart as we give him credit for."

"Satan's overrated. He didn't want to fight me when I killed Marie. He knows he's outmatched now." A chuckle gurgles its way up from my chest. "He's weak, and even if he were strong, he can't hope to kill off twenty thousand of my clones."

"Pride goes before the fall. Better watch out with that attitude." Sensei, as usual, contradicts me with that annoying know-it-all demeanor of his. "If there's one thing we've learned about the First Emperor, it's that he always has another trick up his sleeve."

"Yeah... I've been thinking though." I rap my fingers together thoughtfully. "I time traveled and changed the past. In this timeline, I beat Amelia in combat. I'm objectively stronger than her... and supposedly she beat Satan in the original timeline I came from."

"So you think you're stronger than Satan?" Marley raises the question and immediately nods. "I agree. Even if you aren't, all of us together are. You don't actually need to wordsmith to beat him, because you can telepathically command us to wordsmith if you get silenced or your face is injured. Better yet, you can wordsmith without him knowing you're doing it."

Sensei, for some reason, seems unconvinced. "Have you forgotten about the Mark he left on you? He had many years to collect information on how you work. It won't be as simple as you think."

I don't even get a chance to retort. Marley immediately interjects. "Hold on a second. If Satan had all those years to prepare, why didn't he kill Original when he had the chance? He couldn't."

"He did." Sensei glares at Marley and the atmosphere at the table is suddenly somewhat uncomfortable. "It was luck that I arrived in time to revive Original, otherwise he would definitely have died."

I can feel myself becoming slightly unnerved as Sensei shoots a glare at me too. "Even the Hypersuit couldn't protect you. We don't know what abilities Satan has, but he knows what abilities we have, or might have. The only advantage we actually have is our imagination. If we can think of things that he can't, then we'll win."

"Okay guys, let's calm down a little bit." Finally, one of the other clones at the table interjects. "Let's just agree that Satan is the number one threat we're facing. Can we move on, please?"

The three of us grumble quietly but Sensei sits back down at the table and we move on to the next order of business.

"The Creeping Contagion. The deaths have continued to increase over the last few years, right?"

Marley asks the question, and Sensei responds. "Fifty thousand deaths in the last two and a half years. We can't keep up with them. Yesterday ten more people died in their houses."

"What's the cause? How can we stop it?"

"I don't know. The victims often don't know each other, they're on different sides of the city..."

"Fifty thousand deaths seems like a lot, but can we afford to ignore it for now?" I interject and ask what even I think is a rather silly question. "I mean, think about it. We have fifteen million people living in London. Fifty Thousand is less than a percentage point of that."

"Well, honestly, we probably could. There are bigger issues to worry about. It would make us look bad to ignore the deaths though... people are pretty scared right now." For once Sensei's disagreement is less grating.

"Just say 'calm' and everything will be all better." Marley makes a sardonic suggestion, but honestly, I've considered it a few times.

"Can we just drop more nukes on the demons in the Americas?" I decide to bring the conversation back to the original topic from earlier.

"No. I mean, we definitely can, but we'll have to wordsmith the fallout away and other bad things. Not to mention even if we eliminate the demons that way, half of Earth will be inhospitable for human life."

Sensei once again rains on my parade.

When did we become so dysfunctional? Weren't we a stable team just a few years ago? I'll need to talk to him when this meeting is over.

"Let's just call it a day. We'll meet up again next week, or sooner if anything comes up."

"Sounds good." Sensei breathes a sigh of relief as does everyone else at the table.

At least we all hate meetings. We still share one personality trait.

...................................................

"You look depressed." The redhead offered her unwanted opinion, and the First Emperor groaned in response.

"You look like a weak human. Are the idiotic remarks out of the way now?" Satan hissed the insult back at her as he rotated his hand over the cube before him. "I'm trying to concentrate."

"I'm just trying to help, your _majesty._ " Her sarcasm doesn't go undetected. "There are a lot of rumors right now, saying that you're hiding from the humans. I'm a highly positioned ally, and you barely ever speak with me. How am I supposed to refute these accusations of cowardice if you don't tell me anything?"

Satan exhaled as he lowered his hand from the shining square hunk of metal and turned to face her. "I'm busy, Marie. I've been busy. I have to prepare. Doom is coming, and I can feel it. My kind have to be ready."

"Doom?" Marie scoffed at the thought and crossed her arms. "I didn't know you were the superstitious type."

Satan smacked his lips noiselessly as he regarded the woman. "There is a demon on Earth, fighting desperately to unravel my plans. The Supreme Commander of Earth's military has a large number of clones who all have the same powers as he does. The angels are the only group aside from the demons that have been weakened lately. I have a lot on my plate, in case you hadn't noticed."

"I have." Marie smiled politely. "Don't forget... as I told you, it was my plot that weakened the angels. My friend has diverted their energy towards other resources, and it has proven quite valuable."

"Mmm." Satan didn't offer comment on that bit of trivia.

"Something on your mind?" The woman pulled herself up to him and stroked his arm playfully. "You seem to be brooding."

Satan pulled away from her immediately. "Don't get intimate with me, human. The only thing on my mind is reclaiming that which the humans have taken away from me. Revenge."

"Oh brother." Marie's mood soured as she backed away from him. "Revenge. What a dullard. Is that all you think about? I have far loftier goals than you ever will."

"Right. Science. Bleh." Satan shot a look of contempt at her. "Your science means little. Controlling the world, or the universe, will always be fleeting. Even if you succeed, there is no reward."

"And revenge only gives a temporary reward. Once you succeed, you have nothing left to live for. At least my goals are long term... yours are short-sighted." Marie tossed her hands up in the air. "Then again, none of it really matters. Even if I truly am able to live forever, the heat death of the universe will eventually arrive, leaving me to languish in darkness for all eternity."

Satan's eyes lowered slightly. "Yeah... it really doesn't matter, does it? All I live for is my revenge. I can't remember a time when I didn't do so. It surely isn't a healthy way to live, yet it's all I can do. As you said though, if the universe is going to end someday, then it doesn't matter if I succeed or fail, you and I will eventually meet our end."

"I'll find a way out. The bigger issue I face... is boredom." Marie's expression became somewhat dejected as she leaned against a wall.

"Boredom?"

"Yes. Once I've lived for a mere one trillion years, by then I might have read every book, seen every movie, played every instrument, mastered every sport, discovered every scientific anomaly... at some point, there won't be anything left to do."

"You won't be able to see every star though. There's always that." Satan smiled slightly at her, but she crossed her arms and shook her head.

"How many stars can I see before they no longer hold my interest? They're just balls of hydrogen, in the end. Even if their colors are different, or their orbital cycles stay varied, in the end I'll grow bored of those too." She sighed again as she looked him in the eyes. "Immortality is a curse. I'm only just beginning to comprehend that now."

Satan met her gaze evenly. "Well, in any case, that's a long way off. No reason to be melancholic now. I've been alive three thousand years or so... time seems to speed up the older I get, but a trillion years is still unfathomably far away."

"Do you ever tire of being a leader?" Marie shot the question out without thinking, leaving him with a blank stare on his face.

"Well... yes. The issues my people face only slightly change over the centuries. We're always fighting... they always complain... it's not fun at all."

"Would you give it up if you could?"

"No." Satan didn't even hesitate to reply. "If I were to give it up or die, who would lead them? The demons haven't a chance without me."

"That seems presumptuous. Another could rise to fill your shoes."

"Could they? I have a vast array of powers, and millennia of leadership experience. I don't believe for a second that anyone else could take my place. Not unless they were explicitly being groomed for the position."

Marie stared at him silently for a few moments. "Sounds like you solved your own problem."

"I don't follow."

She tilted her head back slightly. "You aren't training anyone to replace you... just in case. You're selfishly taking all of the responsibility and the glory for yourself, with no regard for what happens in the possible event of your death."

Satan started to respond, but stopped himself.

She was right, after all. He had seen Jason Hiro's memories. Satan had died, millions of years before the time when Jason had arrived in the labyrinth. And assuming he had died...

"Fine. I'll look for another worth training. It's not like many of those exist."

"There you go. Now you're being smart." She huffed slightly as she glanced down at her worn fingers. "Good chat. Let me know if you ever want to talk."

"I'd sooner tear off my own manhood." Satan hissed sarcastically under his breath as she turned and walked away.

Returning to the cube filled with energy, he began to work on it again. _One who might replace me? Who could do such a thing?_