Part 015:

From behind me, only somewhat distant, came a sound. A sound of thousands of screams, cries, and moans. A sound like a million warhorses charging down the corridor.

"Uh, uh, Hoarhiim? W-what the hell is that?"

"Oh, hm. That would be the riders, I suppose."

"Come again? The Riders?"

"Yes, Child of Gaia. The Riders of Sheol."

From far down the passage I had entered this room from, I heard their horses whinnying now, along with screams of anger and agony. I couldn't see them yet, but in moments I certainly would.

"ALRIGHT FUCK IT, OFF WE GO!" I screamed, whipping open my knapsack on my back, tossing Blaarjiim in (Much to his rage) and then darting past the fountain towards the great golden door.

That door was one heavy son of a bitch. It weighed a metric fuckton, no joke. I probably couldn't have moved it an inch if it weren't for the power that Hoarhiim gave me deep inside the core of my body. With a powerful heave, I shoved the door slightly open, barely enough to squeeze through. As I slipped through, a quick glance behind me made my blood run cold and my pace quicken. Down the corridor behind me, the screaming was getting much louder as the first Hell Horse and its Rider came into view. A skeleton atop a dark horse, the skeleton wearing black armor and wielding a long scimitar in its right hand, came charging out with multiple other horses directly behind it and I even caught a glimpse of a massive army of undead skeletons without horses wielding a large variety of weapons. Needless to say, I only got a glimpse and that glimpse made me quickly slip through the door and heave it shut with all my adrenaline at once.

My body was shaking in terror once again. "What do I do what do I do what do I do???"

"Calm down, Child of Gaia." Hoarhiim said soothingly in my mind. "That door is impossible for nearly any being but a gate troll or one blessed by me to open. Even if a hundred skeletons put their bodies against it, it would not budge."

"Oh god, please tell me you're not joking." I begged him. Hoarhiim nodded in my mind.

Thank god. I slumped to the ground at the base of the great door. I could hear banging, they were pounding incessently on the door and it was making my nerves even more jittery, but I managed to keep it together without going totally mental.

"Where am I? Hoarhiim, Blaarjiim, can you tell me what the hell is going on now?!"

An annoyed face appeared in my mind. Blaarjiim sneered at me. "Puny child, you're here in the domain of the Great Kings and you know nothing of whence you came? I will not answer the questions of a buffoon who... who... stuffs me in a knapsack like a piece of refuse!"

I grimaced. "Sorry, I was in a rush." I pulled Blaarjiim out of my knapsack and held him in my left hand. "Alright, a simpler question then. What are you two? Are you like, brothers, or something?"

Hoarhiim mentally gave me a look of sickness. "Brothers? The thought repulses me."

Blaarjiim nodded sagely. "For once we agree on something, old rival."

I blinked twice. "Rival? Are you guys enemies?"

"No!" both of them responded in unison, making me wince. "We both have the same goal, which is total dominion of the world. We wish to overtake The Great One at the very top and become ruler of this world." Hoarhiim explained this matter of factly, as if taking over the world was such a perfectly natural thing to desire.

"Quiet, idiot! Do not mention The Great One openly ever again! Would you have us sentenced to death?" Blaarjiim chided Hoarhiim, who somehow blushed mentally. Thought-speak was truly interesting.

"My apologies. I spoke too rashly. However, if the Child of Gaia does not know of the existence of... that one, then surely this would be disadvantageous for us, who travel along with them?"

I cut off the inevitable response. "Hold on, Hoarhiim. You keep calling me 'the Child of Gaia'. What does that even mean?"

Blaarjiim raised his eyebrow. "You do not know of the existence of Gaia?"

"Well, I mean yeah, that's another word for 'Earth', right?" I asked this quizzically, but there was a long uncomfortable silence, as Hoarhiim and Blaarjiim both stared at me and then quickly look at each other, quietly communicating with each other in a way I could not listen to.

After several uncomfortable minutes, Blarjiim mentally turned to me. "This farce has gone on long enough. Who are you, and how do you know of the word 'Earth'?
