Part 211a

"Golly, we're finally in the place I should have gone when I keeled over!" Harold seems almost excited by the fact that we're in heaven.

I'm not particularly emotional one way or the other. I am however _shocked_ by how many angels there are all over the place. Millions? No, billions. Tens of billions. Far more angels than there are humans on Earth. It's not even a contest, to be honest.

They all walk on the clouds as if the clouds are made of solid matter. In fact, glancing down at myself, I notice that I too am standing on a cloud, but it's almost like there's a solid platform I'm standing on, and the clouds are simply a very low fog cover that obscures an otherwise flat pavement surface everywhere the eye can see.

I'm not sure how it works, but it seems silly to focus on this of all things. Many angels are staring at me as I walk around. The vast majority are totally ignoring me though, and when I look around, I sometimes see angels popping into existence... are they teleporting here?

Most of the ones popping in appear to be bewildered at their situation, as if they can't believe they're here in heaven. Wait...

Wait a minute.

Are these people who have just died? That would appear to be the case. They die and instantly reincarnate as an angel...

"Uzziel, this may seem to be a silly question, but why do some of the angels appear out of nowhere, and seem confused about where they are?"

Her answer confirms my suspicions. "When humans die, under certain circumstances, they are eligible to be reborn as a pseudo-angel. The details are secret, but if you wish to know more, the highest archangels, or the highest gods, will be happy to answer your questions."

I nod as we start walking quietly to a massive, open-roof temple not too far away. It sits atop a small mountain, with 'small' being a very accurate term. It's more of a raised crest of ground that rises a few hundred feet in the air, with the temple at the top.

The temple is probably the size of twenty Roman amphitheaters, truly a massive building, and since it has no roof, merely massive pillars that rise into the sky, it stands out as a unique building I've never before seen replicated in the human world.

As I enter into the building, Harold marvels at the surroundings. "Ain't never seen nothin' like this before... lemme tell ya that much..."

I nod silently, deciding not to respond.

We walk for another minute or so, before a massive throne looms in the distance. I'm only mildly surprised to see the form of Zeus sitting atop it. Cassiel wasn't one to talk much about Heaven and the other angels, but she always made sure to bring up Zeus in casual conversation. Apparently he's a god with an unbeatable special power, though Cassiel said that at the end of the Great War, he was defeated somehow... must have been one hell of a fighter to beat a god like him.

"Uzziel. I see you have brought the Candidate to us as requested. Thank you for performing such a large favor for me, especially." Zeus smiled kindly at her and she nodded, taking her seat at a rather long table in front of his throne. Compared to the massive god in front of us, the table felt rather... puny. I took a seat at the head of the table, as it was clear I was supposed to sit there, facing Zeus's throne directly.

"It was nothing, my king. A trifle. He was non-combative." Uzziel smiled and then turned back, staring at the table in silence.

I took a quick glance around. Two angels I immediately recognized jumped out at me. "Gabriel, Raphael, a pleasure to see you."

The two turned and looked at me quizzically. Raphael was the first to speak. "Hmm, I have watched you from on high since you first appeared, but I do believe this is the first time we've met. How might you know my name?"

"Yes, I would like to know, as well." Gabriel nodded as he eyed me suspiciously.

"Hm. That's easy to explain. My name is Jason, and I'm actually a time traveler. " I glanced back and forth between them levelly. "I also know the big one on the throne up there, his name is Zeus. King of the gods, I'd wager."

Zeus narrowed his eyes as he almost glared at me. "Child, I warn you that I am not one to indulge in jokes and jesting. You're not seriously claiming to be a time traveler now, are you?"

I nod. "Yup, I certainly am. My physical age is eighteen years old, almost nineteen. However, my mental age is just over thirty. I come from a hundred million years in the future, due to a certain circumstance, but I was only conscious for thirty of those years."

"Mmm... hmmm..." Raphael hummed quietly as his eyes clouded. His head tilted slightly as he spotted Harold's orb in my hand. "I notice that you possess the Beacon of Life. Might that have something to do with your time traveling, as you say?"

I shake my head. "No. To be clear, it appeared in my hands as a result of my time traveling, but the 'beacon' itself was not the cause of my traveling."

Raphael nodded slowly as he rubbed his chin. "Yes, yes, I see. Frankly, I believe you. I believe that you did in fact travel through time."

Gabriel raised an eyebrow as he glanced first at Raphael, then back to me. "I do not. However, Raphael is known as the wisest archangel for a reason. I am not one to usually question his wisdom, and I will not do so now."

An idea comes to me, I decide to try it out immediately. "Why do you not question him? What makes you think Raphael is wise? Raphael is not necessarily wise at all, he simply derives more knowledge from the things that he has experienced than you have. True wisdom lies in deeds performed and the experiences one has felt, and how they learn from them. Since you are both archangels, you should both have been born around the same time, meaning you are both equally wise in your own way. One is not inferior to the other."

Gabriel started to say something, but then quickly paused, before opening his mouth and then shutting it again. I may have rendered him speechless. Raphael decided to reply instead, a strange smile hinting at the corner of his lips. "Young one, have we met before? You just recited a lesson I have been trying to drill into the minds of the angels and gods in Heaven for eons upon eons now."

I raise both eye brows and grin as I respond. "In a manner of speaking we have, though I fear telling you how and why might disrupt the flow of time. You and I have personally spoken, as have I spoken to Gabriel, and Michael as well."

The entire room fell totally silent. Even angels milling about on the other side of the room paused to look over when they heard that name.

"M-Michael, you say?" Zeus' jaw was hanging open in amazement. "That's... impossible. Absolutely impossible... Michael has not been alive in the physical world for over two thousand years. How could you possibly have-"

Raphael stared at me intently as he slowly raised a finger, wagging it as he interrupted Zeus. "I'm beginning to understand now. I finally am grasping the depth of your seriousness, young one. A hundred million years is a very long way into the future. If you truly, somehow, come from a time so distant, might it be that you were one who obtained a particularly special ring?"

I nod. "Yes. I wore Michael's ring and spoke to him personally."

Raphael continued shaking his finger back and forth, in more of a meditative motion than one that chided me or anything like that. "Ahh... a hundred million years... long have I spoken about humans and their potential for the future. If you truly come from such a distant future, then perhaps you allied with us in the Great War, driving out the demons? Or, more likely, you were given Michael's power in order to help cement their fate? I would imagine that if we were not eradicated by such a distant date, you might have figured out how to forge a lasting peace between humanity and the angels."

I shake my head. "I'm sorry, Raphael. I'm not going to be specific about the events of the future, but I will tell you one thing... every single angel and god is dead in the future I come from. Humanity is completely enslaved, and demons rule the universe. Except for..."

I pause. Should I tell them? It is probably best. They will know soon enough anyway. "...Except for the Volgrim."

Zeus scowls and takes a sip of wine as he hears their name. "The Volgrim? Is that a new evolution of the demons?"

I shake my head slowly. "No. They are an alien race, not from our star system, possibly not even from our _galaxy_. I know very, very precious little about them. I only know that something happens at the end of the war which results in all the angels being destroyed, the humans become enslaved, and the demons win, but I know not what happens to the Volgrim."

"I see." Zeus nods as he considers my words. "Perhaps we have been going about this all the wrong way. Perhaps we should perform a preemptive strike on the demons, before the Volgrim arrive. We may just, with the help of humanity, have the ability to kill them off."

"Perhaps it might work... but I would advise against it." I cough once as I quietly summon my storage under my breath, pulling a single object from it quickly before anyone gets a good look at what I'm doing. Luckily, the contents of my storage are totally invisible to all but me, but for the others at the table they would see me pulling it out of thin air.

I grab a small scale model of the dreadnaught robot that I fought in the future and place it on the table. Uzziel eyes it and speaks first. "Is that perhaps a toy?"

"No. This is a small scale model of a weapon humanity invents at some point after the arrival of the Volgrim. This is a robot designed to fight the Volgrim and the demons. It is highly powerful, and has the special ability to especially neutralize spiritual energy. Against all but a normal human, it should be unstoppable. I fought with one before, and I was totally overwhelmed."

Uzziel nods. "I see. So humanity needs to create this weapon in order to win? But you said they created it and lost... and if you create it first, how will this affect the future?"

I sigh and shrug at the same time. "I don't know... I don't know if I can change the future at all. For all I know, my actions will lead to the future I experienced. For all I know, I might make it worse. I put a 33% chance of improving the future, a 33% chance of ruining it, and the rest into it being the same."

"I see. To be fair, that means a 66% chance that you either improve the future, or make no impact on it at all. Or, a two in three chance that you don't make the future _worse_." Uzziel smiles sweetly at me.

"Let's be honest though. All the angels and gods are dead in this future Jason comes from. Humanity is enslaved. Frankly, short of humanity being totally eradicated, it can't get much worse." Gabriel speaks some wisdom, making others at the table nod.

A younger angel speaks next. "I believe we should at least try to do our best to change the future."

Others chime in with their agreement. "Alright, that seems to settle that. You seem to be honest, and if you speak the truth, then we have to trust you, young time traveler. You will have the support of Heaven in pursuit of your goal." Zeus smiles at me, the first time I've seen him with anything other than a neutral expression or a scowl on his face.

"Excellent. I hope to be a solid partner with the gods and angels of this realm." This worked out better than I expected.

"Now then, there is one last thing to attend to. As the next Candidate in line for Hercules' power, and one who is already an apparently proficient wielder of his power, you should be aware that the gods and angels offer training and guidance in how to use your abilities, if you should wish to use us. As a hero for humanity, and a servant of the gods, you have a divine goal in life, one that appears only a single time in every generation. Raphael especially will be able to answer all questions you may have." Zeus beckoned towards Raphael, who gave a small wave with his fingers.

"This is good news. I could use some help right now, as a matter of fact, with a small favor you may do for me, if you should so choose."

"Hmm? What might that be?" Raphael turns to look me in the eye.

"I have need of an item that I know is here in Heaven. Solomon's Crown. If you give it to me, I may be able to turn this war around before it even starts."

Raphael's eyes narrow. "My oh my... always full of surprises... you even know of the existence of a sacred treasure in heaven. I wonder what else you know of."

Zeus paused as he considered my request. "How _do_ you know about the crown, exactly?"

"I wore it for nearly every single day I spent in the future, to be honest."

Many high ranking members at the table seemed astonished at my words. The lower ranked ones apparently didn't know the significance of the crown. It seems even Heaven has a caste system of sorts.

"Well, if this is an elaborate plot to steal the most holy artifacts of Heaven, you've certainly done your research. Very well, young man. If you wish to use it, I will allow it. But if you turn against Heaven, we will be forced to reclaim it at _any_ cost." Zeus flicked his eyes over to Gabriel. "Go and take it from the Vault."

"Yes, my king." Gabriel stood up and walked away from the table.

...I don't think this could have gone any better if I had tried.