Part 059:

I stared down at the town below me. It was almost comical how easy I found training nowadays.

I watched as captain Adams gave out orders, splitting his squad off, following me into the sewers, and thinking he had me pinned.

I could have almost been amazed at the Tracker's ability to follow three of me at once, but there's just one problem. All three of them were my clones.

I had simply erased my presence completely with a powerful chant of the "Hide!" spell. Setting my clones to "autonomous", they were mindless machines. They had my intelligence, but not my personality. I could experience everything in real-time and if they died, I gained all their knowledge.

While Adams was traipsing around in the sewers, chasing after one of my clones, I sent the other two off to pick off the rest of the squad. By casting "Jammer" I had sealed off their communication and prevented them from speaking with each other. Had he simply tried radioing back, he would have immediately detected the jamming. Adams still has much to learn.

And now, he was comically caught in my 'Illusion' spell, thinking that he and his squad were somehow the only people in the city. Get real! I'm pretty strong now, but not THAT strong! I just altered their perception of the world so that all life appeared to be gone.

Look at him, sweating and panting, he has no clue what's going on. Is he even learning? I try something new every time we have a training exercise, but at this rate I'm doing all the teaching and none of the learning. This is supposed to be for my benefit!

...

Teleporting myself down to the battlefield, I appear right in front of the squad. My Illusion magic is so effective though that they don't even see me there.

"Watch out..." whispered Adams. "He could be anywhere."

Yeah, I sure can! Like, maybe, right in front of you!

Walking right up to him and putting me face about two inches from his, I quietly cast a spell.

"Release."

Suddenly, I appear in front of Adams, and he screams in fright and drops to the ground. "Sweet saint Joseph, you scared the daylights out of me, Hero!"

I laughed. "Ha ha ha! You were only following my afterimage the whole time. Are you even trying to learn?"

Adams lowered his head. "Ah, sorry, I guess I really am still just a novice. Compared to your incredible power... I just can't help..." his voice dropped off. Shit, now I feel guilty.

"Calm down, captain. Lemme go heal Mark real quick, and we can get a drink, all right?"

"All right." He seemed to be relieved that we were off the subject. Whatever, I'll talk to him later, see if maybe I can spruce up those leadership juices. Right now, he's the best candidate to run this place when I leave, but I can't leave him as the leader if he doesn't know how to watch over the people with power and caring.

Jumping down the ladder into the sewers, I walk over to Mark and the other soldier.

"Joseph, good to see you. Let me heal Mark now."

Joseph nodded and stepped aside. I grabbed onto him and Mark and teleported ourselves to the surface. There, I healed Mark back to perfect in seconds.

"Alright lads, let's go and get something to drink. It was a good run today."
