Part 305a - Introspection

_Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power._ -Abraham Lincoln

I swallowed as the seconds ticked by. "Time to impact?"

"Thirty seconds." Ben barely looked at me as he mumbled the numbers from the holopad in his hand. If I had to guess, I'd say he was avoiding meeting my eyes.

How could I blame him? I doubt that in the history of the universe, any had ever done what I was about to do. I already know Hell exists... and it's likely that I will be going there when I die.

Amelia was sitting uncharacteristically silently, her entire body perfectly still as she watched the magical display I had created to monitor Volgarius. She spoke no words as the time grew near.

The display showed a view of Volgarius, the 'camera' or focal point, as it were, located a few dozen thousand miles from the planet. The display was so crisp, if you squinted, you could just barely make out the ships that were rushing to warp speed to escape the impending catastrophe. The planet had no time to evacuate. By my own scanner logs, the crew aboard the fleeing ships numbered a few million at most. Short of an absolute miracle, no Volgrim on the planet or in the immediate area were going to survive this impact. Doubtless, there were underground bunkers, but it didn't matter.

It's a funny story, how I got the idea of how to destroy Volgarius. All I had to do was remember how Satan had stabbed through my impenetrable defenses with a thin spear of pure energy. Actually, destroying the planet was never the issue. A simple 'Supernova' would have done the trick. Ironically though, a Supernova would have given them about thirty minutes of time to evacuate the planet. Their losses would be at least a bit lower. A silent missile of doom, blasting through space though... this was something they wouldn't anticipate or have time to react to.

But again, my problem was never the matter of destroying the planet. It was simply the morality of making such a choice. History speaks of terrible dictators among humanity, like Mao, Hitler, Stalin, Genghis Khan... but if you took all the dictators throughout all of history and added up their murders, it would be a drop in an ocean compared to the blood I was about to spill.

This would truly be the most heinous act of destruction ever wrought upon a civilized and advanced species.

Hero. They call me a hero. What does that even mean? I often look back to the heroes of old as inspiration for what I should do, but even then, few heroes are like Superman, unwilling to kill, no matter what. Most heroes, in fact, are known for their willingness to do whatever it takes to put an end to evil.

A famous man once stated: _It is not true that good can only follow from good and evil only from evil, but that often the opposite is true._ I consider myself a good man... a 'hero', one of the 'good guys'. But now, how can I look at myself in a mirror ever again? I can't realistically lump myself in with even the bloodiest and most violent of heroes. I was willing, in the end, to make the hard decision... to put an end to the worst enemy humanity has ever faced. But was it the right choice? I'm not sure that even time will give me the answer to such a question.

My thoughts are interrupted by Ben, once again. He shifts in his chair as his expression darkens. We sit comfortably over a light-year from Volgarius, standing by just in case the 'Death Ball' (As we've coined it) were to somehow miss or some anomaly were to occur, preventing the destruction of the planet. But we're also far enough out that when it does hit, we'll have plenty of time to observe the destruction and then flee before the impact explosion has time to catch up to us.

Ben coughs. "Ten seconds to impact. Nine, eight, seven..."

It's here. Nothing in the universe can stop the impact now. Not even myself and all the power of my clones. No more time for regrets.

"...four, three, two..." Ben stops counting as he lifts his head up quickly to stare at the viewscreen.

Suddenly, the entire room is illuminated by the brightest and most blinding light that may have ever existed in the universe. Instantly, all watching the viewscreen scream in agony simultaneously as our retinas are blown out and white hot pain shoots through our minds, blocking all thought processes in the span of a few milliseconds.

An eternity passes, and I feel my senses return slowly, as I blink my unseeing eyes. I'm... laying down on the ground? I groggily climb to my feet, as my hearing returns and I hear murmuring and pained cries all around me. However, I can't see anything. Everything in my vision is pitch black. Did the ship's lights burn out? No, this is worse. I'm totally and absolutely blind, a sensation I'm quite familiar with. Waving my hands in front of my face, I rub my eyes and blink rapidly, but nothing appears.

"Is everyone all right? Is everyone else blinded as well?" I yell out, and I receive a chorus of affirmations in return. Fantastic, I hadn't thought about this at all. My helmet didn't protect my vision in the slightest, so rapidly was the brightness able to wipe out my eyesight. Speaking quickly, I disable my outbound speakers and wordsmith a quick series of spells. " **Vision. Restore. Heal. Vision. Restore. Heal.** " Casting my spells over and over, I keep it up for several minutes as I target myself first, followed by everyone else in the massive hangar that had been watching the feed. With tens of thousands of clones and a few other people here, including Amelia, Ben, and Harold's wife, this would normally take forever, but my clones quickly get the idea and help me out, making it take only a few minutes.

Finally, the deed is done, and everyone stands up, their stomachs churning from the mental feedback and phantom pain they're still feeling. Ben is the first to speak coherently. "Son of a bitch... that was unbelievable. Ah! Volgarius!" As he says this, all of us turn at once and look up at the screen that would normally be showing the planet.

The planet is no longer there. Instead, septillions of pieces of the planet are scattering in every conceivable direction, blasting outwards with white-hot speeds. Another few minutes and we wouldn't have had anything left to see, so quickly were they speeding away from the impact zone.

"It's... gone." Amelia spoke quietly as she hobbled back up to her feet, steadying herself on the chair she had been sitting in just a minute before. She looked queasy, as if the entire experience had shaken her to her core.

"Har- err, computer... what happened? Give me a rundown."

Harold, of course, was a well-kept secret. Neither Amelia, nor Ben knew of his existence, so we made him use a generic computerized sort of text-to-speech converter when he needed to make ship-wide announcements. He did so now.

It took him a moment to respond, as the computer had to translate his normal speech patterns through a special dictionary we had made just so he could sound more official, but the results came in quickly.

"Volgarius has been totally vaporized. The asteroid passed through the planet in less than 0.01 milliseconds and continued traveling forwards, only slightly slowed down by the impact. The impact of the asteroid caused a catastrophic explosion that incinerated all life and every atom on the planet in under a second. The super-heated pieces you see flying in different directions are simply parts of the resulting miasma that have coagulated together due to shared escape trajectories."

I felt my breath catch in my throat, and out of the corner of my eye, I saw Ben lower his head as anguish seemed to overtake him for a moment. "C-computer... what are the odds that any life on the planet may have somehow survived?"

The 'computer' paused for a long few seconds before responding. "Barring a complete meltdown of the laws of physics, there is a 0% chance even a single particle of the original planet exists in the same state as before the impact. All life is dead. Furthermore, the explosion is now disrupting the entire solar system and will soon destroy the lifeless inner and outer rim planets, as well as causing the destruction of the system's star."

I nodded slowly, the words barely registering. "Thanks... that's all I wanted to know."

I knew this would cause absolute devastation. It was simple, really. The size of the asteroid, combined with the type of material, combined with how artificially dense and reinforced myself and my clones had made it, coupled with the breaking of relativistic speeds... all of this added up into the equivalent of a javelin being hurled through a balloon. The javelin would take no damage, but the balloon would be totally destroyed.

I don't know if it was the right thing to do... but there's no way to have regrets anymore. I can only do what I must to ensure humanity's survival.

Amelia slowly eases herself back into her chair as she stares down at the floor sullenly. She seems to have taken the destruction of the alien's planet quite hard. Odd, given the planet-devouring monster I saw her become in the future. I wonder if something might happen to totally change her personality over the next hundred million years. Well, then again, if my calculations were correct, we've successfully averted the future I came from... maybe... so perhaps that future will never come to pass.

This, at least, gives me the slightest reprieve from the gut-wrenching guilt I'm feeling. At the very least, I may have changed the future for the better. Yes... best to think positive during times like these.

Ben lifts his head up and coughs, as he eases his way over to where I'm standing. "Well... you did it. Good job, Jason. You did it." His praise sounds unnaturally hollow, as if he's forcing himself to say the words. "Thanks to you, the Volgrim aren't a threat anymore."

"Yeah, uh, thanks." I feel my own words are hollow as well. He and I stare blankly at each other for a few moments, searching for the right words to say. None manage to escape our lips.

Finally, he shrugs and starts walking away. "I'll be aboard the Command Ship if you need me."

"Yeah. Take care, Ben." I feel my voice strain as I cough the words up. He doesn't even look back at me as he makes his way over to the teleporting pad on the far side of the dock. Only the Mothership is equipped with teleporters, though I'll be remedying that in the very near future. It's time to focus on the future and lifting up humanity, rather than fighting this bloody war that nobody wanted to be a part of. I don't even remember who started it anymore. It doesn't matter... it's over now.

At least, the war with the Volgrim is over. There's still one enemy we need to face.

Nufaris stood with purpose as the other three Founders either gave him looks of suspicion, glared at him, or in Cuanali's case, ignored him completely while she poked numbly at her datapad. She wasn't doing anything substantial, she just seemed to be using it as a sort of coping mechanism.

Trayza gritted her razor sharp teeth as she hissed through her lips. "So. Explain why you're standing here and Unarin is not."

Nufaris nodded, his face a carefully set neutral expression. "I spoke with Unarin, and he told me to leave him behind. He appeared to think of himself as a failure. He spoke of his trust in me and how I was to become the First Founder when he died."

Trayza blinked slowly as she used all her willpower to prevent herself from lashing out forwards at the pathetic excuse for a Volgarian. "Well then, isn't that just _convenient_? You were the last person to speak with him, the discussion was mental and thus was not recorded by the ship's transmitters, and he happened to name you First Founder during this discussion that nobody else was a part of. Well, I for one am so _glad_ the pieces just happened to fall so perfectly for you on the day 99% of our species went extinct."

Trayza's irritation was bordering on rage. She hadn't felt this angry since the death of a close friend during the Seventh Great War, and she was not keen to feel those awful emotions again... yet here they were, bubbling up for a rematch.

"Do you have any proof this discussion took place?" Cinculu, the cool-minded one, kept his gaze steady on the once-inferior Volgrim before him, the one who had been just a lowly Elder not even a dozen orbital cycles previously. _Unarin would name him the First Founder? I want to say it's unthinkable, but considering Trayza would be the next in line, perhaps the notion isn't so far-fetched._ Cinculu silently brooded on how next to move, but he shifted in his seat as Nufaris reached behind himself to pull an item from a pocket in his robes.

"Unarin did, in fact, give me a parting gift. Trayza, I understand you are beyond angry right now. I too am not pleased by how today's events have transpired. Nevertheless, I am telling no lies. Unarin asked for me to lead our people, and he gave me the keys to do so." Setting the device on the table before him, Trayza's reaction was immediate and swift as she sharply inhaled at the sight of it.

"Where did you get that?" Cinculu's voice was even more suspicious than before. "That is Unarin's personal memory manipulator. I can tell by the markings on the side and the mental insignia left behind. It is no forgery."

Nufaris nodded solemnly. "Yes. He left this to me, after dumping what I can only presume are all of his personal memories into it. He told me that in order to lead our people into the future, I must first know the truth of our past."

Trayza felt her hand twitch involuntarily. "He... he trusted a lowly Elder with... with his most precious memories...? Impossible. Unarin wouldn't... he couldn't..."

Cinculu flicked his gaze over to Trayza and then back to Nufaris. "You have to understand, this is no minor issue. Beyond just the secrets of our past, Unarin was well known for his art in memory manipulation. He personally created the manipulation chambers that erased our bloody and brutal past from our minds, allowing all Volgarians to live in peace and harmony. To him, memories were his most precious possession, and his greatest achievement. For him to give you any of his past memories... let alone to dump his entire life for you to observe..."

"...This was no jest." Trayza finished Cinculu's sentence. "Unarin wouldn't have done that unless he absolutely believed in you. More importantly, he wouldn't have done that unless he was completely serious. He truly did intend to die. He is... he really is..." Trayza turned away from the table quickly as she pawed at her eyes. She felt a wave of shock pass through her body as she felt wetness on her hands. Tears? Impossible. No Volgarian was capable of such base emotions, certainly not a legendary Founder. For her, this was a great humiliation. Nufaris would surely use this opportunity to mock her and to-

"I understand. I'm sorry that I must tell you, he really is gone. I know that all of the Founders were true family. Brothers and sisters. I know you will all miss him dearly. This is a time of mourning, not just for our people, but for the three of you especially. You've lost a precious brother and a sister in such a short time period. I'm not going to do anything dramatic or demand obeisance, but I hope that in due time I will be able to fairly earn the respect of you three, and govern in a way befitting the highest rank of our people."

Nufaris calmly smoothed over the rough patch, causing Trayza's heart to skip a beat. Instead of mocking her, as she had expected him to do, he had simply acknowledged her pain. Such a motion... it was truly the sign of a mature leader. Perhaps... perhaps he was not as pathetic as she had initially thought. Perhaps Unarin had chosen him for a reason.

Trayza quickly wiped her eyes and turned back to the small table. "Nufaris. If... if Unarin has chosen you to be the First Founder, it would be... unbecoming of me... if I were to doubt his choice. I will choose to think of your appointment as his final wish. If our brother would place his trust in you, perhaps he was capable of seeing something that I am not yet able to perceive."

Cinculu and Nufaris both felt a strange emotion pass over them at her words. Cinculu was the first to bring up his thoughts. "Trayza, this is unlike you. I thought you would be the one to oppose Nufaris at every turn."

"As did I, brother. However, it is as I said. Unarin chose Nufaris over me, for whatever reason. Have we ever had reason to doubt Unarin before? I think not. Unarin led us to millions of cycles of peace and prosperity, and I would be foolish to doubt him now, even in death. I never questioned his position as the First, only whether I might advance someday to be his second. I... I was greedy." Trayza lowered her gaze noticeably. "My greed, in the end, may have played a part in the demise of our kind. I should strive to improve myself, rather than dragging Nufaris down with me. That is what Unarin would want."

There was a short silence as the tension in the room from earlier seemed to dissipate. Nufaris slowly exhaled, careful to keep his breathing silent. For Trayza to make such a dramatic turn, this was surely a difficult moment for herself.

Finally, when he sensed the time was right, Nufaris responded. "I am pleased you feel that way, Trayza. I will need an experienced Second to aid me in rebuilding our way of life. And fear not, for we may have lost many that we called friend and ally, but we will rebuild. We will continue to search for a new home planet. We will recreate that ideal utopia that Unarin had once made. We will never forget his memory."

Cuanali, ever the quiet one, nodded quickly. "Yes. We can't forget him! If you will be the one who replaces him, I will treat you in the same way I treated him. That is my own promise!"

Nufaris nodded, as the mood in the room had changed from anger and suspicion, to muted joy and nostalgia. _I can work with this. I can rebuild our society with the help of these three. Unarin was right to put his trust in me. I will not fail him!_

Two figures coughed as they stumbled through the haze. The portal was too far away now, if they attempted to return to it they would surely die. Not that it mattered, as the original connector was destroyed by now. Their only option was to press forwards towards an unknown destination. Walking forwards, the smaller figure waved pointlessly to try and clear up the smog all around herself, coughing violently as the acrid fumes filled her lungs.

_Bear with it, for just a while longer. Soon, we will find refuge._

The other figure sent a mental message into her mind, opting not to speak aloud, lest he inhale even more of these awful fumes than he already had.

_Will we arrive soon? I feel like I'm going to die any minute now!_

She wasn't normally one to complain, but this was a hellish landscape, cooked with unbearable heat thanks to the insane concentration of greenhouse gasses and other vile compounds in the air. To call it 'barely breathable' was quite the understatement. Were it not for their mechanically augmented nervous and respiratory systems, they would have died within a minute or two. The ability to hold their breath for long, painful minutes at a time, coupled with advanced nostril air filters, was the only thing keeping them from dying of asphyxiation immediately.

They continued stumbling forwards, visibility practically nonexistent. Just as she was beginning to feel a deep sleep creeping into her mind, he shot a sudden message into her brain.

_We're here! Don't pass out on me now!_

Blinking quickly, she squinted mightily as she realized a massive metal set of doors was looming before them. Coming to a quick awkward stop, she nearly gasped at the size of it. It must have been a couple hundred meters high, and several hundred wide.

_This is the hangar. I'll open it just a crack so we can get in. Get ready!_

As he fired off the orders, he sent the mental pulse code to the sensors inside, the wide doors cracking open as he shoved her through, ducking inside as quickly as he could, quickly closing the doors behind himself as they entered.

She noticed the air was different almost immediately. Instinctively, she took a large breath, her nostrils greedily sucking in as much of the stale, yet clean air as her lungs would take. After a few moments of coughing and sputtering, she drew herself up, glancing around the poorly lit room. It was massive, ten times bigger on the inside than even the titanic double doors might have indicated.

"Where are we?" She spoke hesitantly, her voice sounding tiny as it surged forwards, echoing off distant walls she couldn't see at all.

He stared ahead blankly, a mixture of memories and fear tinging his expression slightly. "This is where it all began. Welcome to Melkian IV. We're going to be here a very long time, Muuxunu."

As he spoke, she caught her breath as she spotted something far away in the darkness. A massive bipedal looking hunk of metal and circuits, standing a hundred meters tall. In the darkness, it was hard to tell exactly what the thing _was_, but she felt her heart tremble at the sight of it.

"What... what is that?"

He glanced over, following her gaze. "Ah, yes. That would be the reason we've come here. That, my dear assistant, is a _Sentinel_."