Part 472c: Murderer

A waning sun in the sky illuminates the streets of Hero City enough that the boy and girl can just barely make out the faces of the shopkeepers closing up their stalls for the day. A cold breeze blows down the streets, an artificial effect created by the god who formed this world in the past ages.

"It's just up the street, Alex," The girl says. Her curly brown hair bounces around every time she takes a step, and her high-heeled boots click against the cobblestone streets. Despite her stunning good-looks, she isn't particularly upbeat or perky. Indeed, her eyes dart from the left to the right as she walks, observing nearby doorways and people walking around.

"You're sure he's over here? Mum says not to go far from home..." Alex trails off, unsure how to stand up for himself. He turned ten a few weeks ago, so resisting a pretty girl is harder for him than it used to be. Plus, with her big thick-rimmed glasses, the girl looks a lot like his teacher from school. _Always do what the teacher tells you_, he thinks, remembering his mother's words from a few years before. He's a good boy, so he always does what he's told.

"It's just a block away, silly! Surely you've gone this far without asking your mother." The girl teases him, but there's an edge to her voice. "I saw the man up here. You said he was from your church?"

"Uh-huh," Alex replies. "Mister Jones. He hasn't been heard from in a week..." Alex swallows, remembering the stories he's heard about a vicious demon on the loose abducting people and experimenting on them while they begged for help. Still, as the Divine Mother told him, _not all demons are bad_, and she even said her best friend was a demon! _Yeah, I can't treat all demons like they're evil_, Alex thinks, as he glances carefully up at the side of the girl's face. Most demons have blood-red skin, but hers is creamy, just like his. Her eyes have that red tone that all demons possess, but somehow they also make him feel good when she looks at him.

The girl slows to a stop and turns to look down a dark alley. "Mister Jones is right that way." She points at a garbage can shrouded in the dim light between the two buildings. A man's leg and shoe are visible behind the can as if he's sleeping in the only place available.

Alex trembles slightly. "M-mister Jones? Mister Jones!" He calls out, but the man doesn't respond. "Rosie, I'm... I'm scared of the dark."

"Oh, come on. It's not even dark, Alex. You can see in there and everything. Just go wake him up!" She gives Alex a nudge forward, but his knees shake a little.

"I really don't wanna..."

Rosie sighs audibly as if Alex is just being a big baby. Okay, fine, I'll light it up for us." With a quick movement of her hands, she holds her palm up, and a small flame appears, suspended in midair. It pierces up the growing darkness enough that Alex can even see the dimples on her face.

The boy takes a step back in surprise. "You... you can make f-fire?"

"It's just magic, Alex. All demons have magic, you know." Her smile cracks ever so slightly as she glances at the bum sleeping behind the dumpster. "Of course, some demons mutate and gain offensive magic and lots of energy while others gain useless seduction and illusion arts, but beggars can't be choosers, as they say."

Alex nods, but the uneasiness in his stomach doesn't go away. With the girl behind him, he slowly creeps toward the old man. "Mister Jones? Are you okay?" As he nears the dumpster, Alex spots the man's other leg, though something about it looks unnatural. The bottom half of the pant leg is missing, and his foot isn't turned the right way. A shiver goes down Alex's back as he creeps forward and sees the man's body. Despite Rosie's flame, she's far enough behind him that the dumpster blocks most of the light... but Mister Jones looks an awful lot like he's...

"A pity this is all the flame I can manage," the girl mutters. "Mister Beelzebub would be very very disappointed in me."

Alex opens his mouth, but he can't bring himself to speak. Tears form and slowly crawl down his face as Rosie walks a little closer and the light from the flame finally illuminates the old man's desiccated corpse. His entire right arm is missing, along with most of his face. The wall behind him is covered in dried blood, and chunks of his body can be seen here and there.

"H-he... he... he-" Alex stutters uncontrollably, barely able to get a word out. "Muh-mister J-J-Jones..." His stomach flips and spins inside of him and every bone in his body screams to run, but the spasming horror in his body prevents him from moving. The alley is a dead end. The only way to escape is to run past the girl with the fire in her hand.

"Dead, yes. I killed him, of course." Rosie trots forward, grabs Alex by his shirt with her free hand, then yanks his shivering body toward her. With the flame in her other hand, she plunges the ball of fire into his throat, causing Alex to scream, but the sound doesn't escape his mouth as the skin and muscle below it melt together. She tosses Alex lightly, sending him flying twenty feet down the alley, where he smashes against a wall and flops to the ground, writhing in pain.

_I can't breathe! I can't breathe! Help! Help me, Mum!!_ Alex's internal voice screams as Rosie's high-heeled boots click toward him, but no matter how he tries, he can't force a sound out. The smell of his own melting flesh fills his nostrils, and the pain is just seconds from causing him to blackout. Alex realizes with a start that this is how Mister Jones must have felt. _She's the demon! She's killing everyone! I should have listened! Mum! Mum, help me!_

She kneels down and pats the boy on the back. "It's been three weeks since I caught a kid alone, Alex. Your friend, Susie... she gave me a lot of energy, you know. Old men and women don't transfer much- and they always taste like tobacco or alcohol. Once I consume your essence, I'll surely mutate into something more powerful. After that happens Mister Beelzebub will have to acknowledge me." Her cheeks turn a rosy red as she imagines the passionate embrace he'll surely give her once she's revealed her murderous deeds. _'How good of you to kill the filthy humans, my beloved. I always knew you had it in you.'_

Alex cranes his head up and tries to beg for mercy. His mouth opens, but no words come out. _I'm sorry! I'm sorry! Please don't hurt me! Please, it hurts! Make it stop!_

"Your first mistake was getting my name wrong. 'Rosie' is not a noble name, Alex. Beelzebub would never love a demoness whose name gave such a feeling of peasantry. It's Rosalia. _Ro-sal-ia._ " She hisses out her name the second time and glares at the boy before violently lunging her hand forward and slapping him, sending him smashing against a wall.

This time, her blow leaves Alex crumpled and broken in a corner. His right arm and several ribs shatter, but he can't feel the pain anymore. Unable to breathe, unable to feel pain, the world darkens before him. He stares at her silently as she trudges forward, glancing behind herself to look for witnesses. _Nobody's there_, Alex realizes. The two of them are all alone.

He blinks one last time as she kneels down and opens her mouth. "Thank you for dinner!"

A warmth covers his body. As his eyes close, a strange thought enters his mind. _She disappeared. Just like I will._

He didn't deserve to die like this. Alex knows that much, but the world is unfair. Sometimes the weak and innocent are murdered by those with more power. If only he'd listened to his Mum, it could all have been-

A strange feeling enters his body all of a sudden. Reflexively, Alex coughs, and spits blood all over the ground before inhaling sharply. His throat is healed! Alex's eyes shoot open, and he screams out loud, unable to control himself.

It takes a moment for him to understand what he's looking at. He's still in the alley, but the walls drip with a horrific amount of blood. Entrails and bone litter the corridor, and Alex stares in shock at his body, noticing that the blood is all over himself as well, but it isn't his.

"Alex? Alex! Are you okay?" A familiar voice calls to him, and he glances up and spots a familiar face. "D-Divine Mother?"

Cassiel, the Divine Mother, stands just in front of him, tears streaming down her face. "Oh, thank the heavens! I'm here for you; I'm here!" She quickly leans down and hugs him, picking him up in the process and pulling him away from the scene of the carnage. "It's okay; she's gone. She's gone. She won't hurt you, Alex."

The boy nods as terror and exhilaration give way to numbness. For some reason, he can't feel any emotions. Everything that just happened to him feels distant, as if it happened to one of his friends from school. "Thank you... Divine Mother."

A moment later, she lowers Alex to the ground and quickly pulls his eye open, and scrutinizes his figure. Alex notices her white robes are filthy and covered with blood, likely from when she picked him up and carried him. "No broken bones, no lacerations... how do you feel, Alex?"

"I'm sure he's fine, Cass." A man's voice from behind Alex frightens him, and he jumps forward and cowers near the warmth of the Divine Mother and the light her body produces naturally. Alex's eyes jerk to the source of the voice, and he spots the figure of the God-King, the almighty deity who formed the angels with the power of a single word. The God-King smiles at Alex, then looks over at the Divine Mother. "Christ, we're lucky we made it. That satellite was a good investment."

"Jason, now's not the time." The Divine Mother's voice has a tone of caution in it, and Alex realizes she's worried about him. "Hurry up and clean him. You don't want the boy to be scarred for life, do you?"

"Scarred?" Alex echoes her choice of words, not sure what she means. "Where's Rosie? What happened to Rosie?"

"Rosie?" The God-King raises an eyebrow. "Is that the name of the demon who attacked you?"

"Uh huh..." Alex curls up into a ball as the memories come rushing back. The cold, flat expression on her face, and the way she eyed him as a piece of meat give Alex spasms as he suddenly fights the urge to vomit.

"Clean. Calm." The man says two words, and suddenly Alex's nausea vanishes, along with the entrails covering his body. Alex stares at the ground for a moment, thinking silent thoughts. _I want to cry, but I can't. I want to scream, but I can't. I want my Mum._

"Jason, stop using your powers as a band-aid. Let the boy cry." The Divine Mother helps Alex to his feet, before slowly walking him away from the alley. "Let's get you home, Alex. Where does your mother live?"

Thoughts come to Alex more easily than he thinks they should. "Five blocks away, Divine Mother, to the North. What about Mister Jones?"

The angel smiles quickly, as if to assure him that everything is all right. "Um, we'll give him help, okay? You just worry about yourself for now. I'll take care of everything."

_I'll take care of everything_, Alex thinks, echoing her words in his mind.

A few minutes later, Alex steps into his house, and his mother weeps as she praises and lauds the Divine Mother and the God-King for saving her son, but Alex can barely understand her through all of the crying and wailing. While his mother sobs and thanks the heavens, all the boy can do is stare blankly at the wall behind her.

It's the only thing he can feel, as that familiar numbness overtakes him, once again.

..............................................................

Cassiel sighs as we walk away from the kid's house. "What a mess. I haven't seen horrors like that outside of war."

I nod as the memory of the walls covered in blood surfaces in my mind. "My satellite worked perfectly, but it's a shame about the old man. He must have died a week ago before I built it. Does the name 'Rosie' ring any bells?"

My girlfriend shakes her head as I teleport us back to the castle. "I have a vague memory, but nothing concrete. Anyway, your death machine killed her, so I guess it doesn't matter anymore."

I pause to talk to a guard at the castle entrance, informing him of the murder, and he promises to dispatch a team to clean the alley up and bury the old man's body. Then, I turn back to Cassiel. "If Rosie was the only killer, then we're fine, but there may be more of them. Kinda hard to interrogate a corpse." I pause, searching her face. "Also, that 'death machine' saved the poor kid's life. If it hadn't vaporized her, then pinged me, he'd be dead."

"I know, I know." Cassiel sulks for a moment. "You should build another satellite."

"Come again?"

"You heard me. This time, build a first-response satellite that stuns the attacker. That should be possible, right? Just suppress their neural stimulation and agitate the relevant-" Cassiel pauses, seeing a smile on my face. "What? Did I say something funny?"

"You're such a nerd, Cass. But yeah, I'll do that. Good idea. Another option is police-bots to patrol the streets, but the idea creeps me out." I wave at Samantha and Helen as we head over to them.

Samantha's worried expression melts away as I give her a quick hug. "You guys left in a hurry. One second you were here, the next you said "Teleport," and then Cass vanished along with you. What gives?"

"Sorry, it was an emergency. I would've brought you and Helen along but..." I pause, realizing I'll sound like an asshole if I say _'but you've gone through enough since your ex-boyfriend nearly gave you a concussion'_. Better switch gears. "...but I forgot."

"Ah. It's no big deal since you both came back in one piece. What happened?"

I take a minute to explain to her the gruesome scene we arrived at, and Samantha scrunches her face up. "Rosie? You said that was what the boy called her?"

"Mhm."

"Didn't Beelzebub have a girlfriend or whatever? Her name was Rosalia." Samantha finally mentions the name that was in my mind, and I quickly remember the girl's face and mannerisms.

"Oh, shoot, you're right. I forgot. I'm surprised you remembered. Isn't your memory usually awful?"

Samantha shrugs. "I saw the girl running around doing things now and then. Talked to her once or twice. The fact she was the killer doesn't surprise me, given her mental imbalance."

Cassiel jumps behind Samantha and wraps her arms around Sam's waist. "Heehee, you're a real psychologist, Sammy. What imbalance are you talking about, anyway?"

Samantha clasps Cass's hands in hers. "You didn't notice? She was head over heels for Beelzebub. All she ever did was talk about him, but I don't think he cared much about her, if at all."

"Explains a lot," I chime. "Kinda fucked-up she'd murder people over it, though. Why would she even do that?"

Helen's been quietly watching us, but she decides to offer her thoughts now. "Demons derive power from human souls. The Styx River takes the souls of dead humans and stores them, then the souls are given to demons the Emperors feel are deserving, but it's possible to bypass the approval process..." She trails off, and I swallow.

"What, by drinking from the source?"

"You guessed it." Helen looks away, a moment of trepidation in her eyes. "Horrible. Still, it's hard to call demonkind monsters, given my knowledge of angelkind. Bloodline discrimination, treating human converts like second-class citizens. Humans are either devoured by demons or turned into cannon fodder by angels."

Samantha is upset by the path the conversation has taken, though it's for a reason that surprises me. "Don't knock the angels. They gave humans a strong new body, with wings, and energy to keep them alive. They're the lesser of two evils."

"I suppose," Helen replies, keeping her voice neutral.

From across the yard, a man calls to me. "Hey, Hero! Jason!" I turn around to look, and spot King Cody Elshard traipsing across the grass toward our group. "I heard what happened. Your robot went berserk and cut down hundreds of my best soldiers."

I grimace, remembering that I was worried about what his reaction would be. "I guess 'sorry' doesn't cut it. I don't know what to say, Cody."

The king shakes his head and stops a dozen feet away, glancing at Helen with interest before turning back to me. "They were part of the forward guard and wore some of our best neo-armor. How am I supposed to replace them? What if another horde of demons attacks tomorrow?"

Samantha growls, deep in her throat, but Cody doesn't hear it. "They won't. The leader of the demons was Satan. He's fled to another... well, to the future, I suppose. Beelzebub is the new First Emperor of the demons."

King Elshard looks at her blankly for a few moments. "Beelzebub. The demon who walked among my palace staff? Is he a mole for us?"

I wince, knowing he won't like what he's about to hear. "No, he's just another one of my screw-ups. He despises humanity, but I believe we've taken care of him. We made him see the light during our last battle." _I think_, my mind whispers. Shut up!

Exhaling slowly, the king shakes his head. "A demon traitor was in our midst, my best men are cut down, and Humanity is backed into a corner, trapped in this city and a few outer worlds. Things look grim. Not to mention those green monsters you told me about."

"Green monsters?" I pause, trying to figure out what he's referring to. "The Kolvaxians?"

Helen interrupts before the king can reply. "What did you just say?" Her voice is ice.

"They're an alien species. I don't know much about them, other than they infect-"

She interrupts me again. "I know what the Kolvaxians are, but how could _you_ possibly know of them? They've only appeared in one universe. We've been cautious about keeping them contained. I thought you said you weren't a Traveler?"

I still don't know what a Traveler is, but I try to keep my tone neutral, seeing a rising panic in her eyes. "I have yet to see them, but a reliable source has informed me that they exist in this galaxy. They pour in through a wormhole... or something. I don't know much about them beyond that."

Helen clenches and unclenches her fist, a nervous movement she isn't consciously performing. "No no no... they can't be here. It's impossible. Jason Alpha will shit fifty trillion bricks if he finds out." I've never heard her curse, so her sudden shift in tone makes me cringe. "The Kolvaxians have all but overtaken the K-universe. We had to deploy several clones many RTU's ago just to contain the spread of the infection. If they're spreading to other universes, it's a catastrophe on-par with, or exceeding, the Satan Protocol."

She's babbling about a lot of jargon I don't understand, but whatever has her spooked, it's basically the end of days.

"Okay. Well, can you contact Jason Alpha, have him come back? If he doesn't know about them, he should."

The elderly angel shakes her head slowly. "I didn't think I'd need my dilation transponder. He'll be back in a few RTU's, so we can just wait it out, but in the meantime, I need to find out the scope of the infection. How far have they spread? What are their numbers? Where do they originate from? What do-"

I raise my palm up to silence her. "I don't have the answers, Helen. Instead of asking me, we should find someone who knows. The Volgrim are battling them now, so they probably have the most updated information."

She nods and a look of relief floods her face. "Good, that's very good. The Volgrim alone are not nearly enough to stop the infection, nor to contain it, but the fact we're talking right now and the Labyrinth isn't overrun by them means the Volgrim must have the fighting capacity to slow them down and buy us time. Since they control the galaxy unopposed in this universe, that also means they've built up quite a reserve fleet."

Helen's relief is immediately washed away by Cassiel's quick, throwaway statement. "Oh. We accidentally wiped out a bunch of their reserves."

"Eh?" Helen blinks and wipes her forehead. "You uh... did what, now?"

"Not us, specifically... that Sentinel went berserk and tore a fleet that was attacking us to ribbons."

Several moments pass, and a smile freezes on Helen's face.

“Well, son of a biscuit."
