Part 152

Zeus sat atop the Throne of Heaven. Having consumed his father's colossal hoard of spiritual energy, he now stood at the same height Kronos once had, towering over all other beings. He wondered to himself quietly if this would become a tradition. Should one of his sons or another usurper attempt to take the throne, would they also consume his power and increase in size? Possibly, though only if they were a Titan as well.

He was worried, though. He had heard of Gabriel, the mightiest archangel, who had ascended to the Cosmos class. This one was a particularly loyal servant of Kronos. He was away on a mission but would be arriving back very soon, according to scouts.

_How should I deal with him?_ Zeus thought to himself. _My father must have created Gabriel's current power and loyalty as a way to guarantee his seat on the throne. As long as no-one else dared to attack Kronos for fear of facing not just him but his loyal Cosmos-class archangel, his position as King of Gods would be assured._

_My father was foolish. He let his most powerful guard leave on a mission for an entire week, leaving himself vulnerable. Perhaps he didn't realize there was anyone mighty enough to dethrone him. Perhaps he was arrogant. It would explain why he casually toyed with my son's armies, allowing the enemy a victory. His desire to mock me and humiliate my son are just one of the many signs that he was an arrogant ruler who cared little for his people._

Zeus fumed silently. Suddenly, from the portal from Mount Sinai to Heaven, a massive spiritual energy source appeared. Zeus stiffened. _Gabriel. He's back sooner than I expected._

Gabriel flew up towards the throne, from the exit point of the portal. He arrived in a flash, his small form enlarging as he was in more open airspace. He always had to shrink to pass through the portal, as did the rest of the larger angels and gods.

Gabriel landed smoothly and silently in front of Zeus. "What is this treachery? Why are you sitting atop the throne of the gods?"

Gabriel swept his gaze around, as others in the Great Hall silently averted their eyes.

"Gabriel... you are not the one who should be asking questions here. I am." I stared up at his form, which dwarfed me in size, even more so than my father's had when I was the size of a normal god. He must have been 100 times my size. We're lucky there is no roof for the throne building of the Gods, otherwise we'd never be able to build one big enough to contain this monster.

Gabriel leaned down, bringing his head frighteningly close to Zeus. His head was an order of magnitude bigger than Zeus' entire body, it made him feel incredibly tiny. "Oh? You have something to ask of me? Go right ahead."

Zeus kept his temper under control. He was not nearly so sure he could defeat Gabriel in combat. It's not that Gabriel was more powerful or a better fighter than Kronos, it's that Kronos was overconfident. Humble fighters never took big risks, and a big risk is what let Zeus be in the position he was in now.

"Why did you interfere in the battle between my son and his men, allowing them to be overcome and slain by the demonic hordes? Why did you refuse to aid them as well, not using that incredible magic of yours to wipe out the enemy as you had done twice before?" Zeus did not back down. To show fear would be to show weakness, and he was not a weak god.

Gabriel lifted himself up to his full height, then shrunk himself down to a bit bigger than Zeus' height. Zeus quietly breathed a sigh of relief. "So that's what this is about? I have my reasons. I do what I must to ensure the survival of our people." Gabriel deflected, evading the question.

Zeus glared at him. "You had better have some mighty good reasons. As of today, I am the new King of the Gods. I defeated Kronos, my father, in fair combat in front of thousands of spectators. With my authority as King, I will now order a trial to examine your motives for interfering with the Third Holy Battle on Earth. Your trial will be governed by a fair split of archangels, gods, and normal angels, as well as myself."

Gabriel frowned. "That seems harsh, but if that's what it takes, I will warn you of one thing: The knowledge of why I did what I did may end up destroying our kind if it leaks to the demons. Are you sure you want to continue?"

Zeus smiled. "Yes. I'm absolutely sure."

Gabriel nodded and bowed. "Very well. However, do not say that I did not warn you. We have spies among our people. Your actions may condemn us to inadvertent mass suicide. I apologize in advance for anything that may happen as a result of this trial."

Zeus mentally rolled his eyes, though he stifled the physical reaction. _So full of drama. He will do anything to protect his beloved dead king. I need to get rid of him before he becomes a threat to my new order._

"Begone then, and return in one Earth week's time. We will begin the trial then."