Part 448c - Sealed

"Why isn't anyone listening?!" Samantha looks at me with panic in her eyes, before turning to another demon running directly at us, a Scyther by the looks of him. "Halt! I am the Second Emperor! Lay down your-"

"Blood! I want blood!!" The crazed demon drools incoherently and slobbers as he raises both of his bladed arms. Samantha, intent on not harming her kind, doesn't resist until the very last second, before lightly slapping him away, though the force nearly kills him as he plows through four other demons, then impacts a wall.

"They're crazed!" Samantha balls up her fists as more humans run past us through the cramped hallway toward the demons, unleashing a hail of anti-energy on the foes. Many of the shots meet their target, but the demons shake the otherwise grievous wounds off as if they were being poked with thumbtacks. The terror on the human's faces as their weapons are relatively ineffective turn to hatred as they continue blasting the red-skinned demons.

"Fucking blood-skins! Eat shit and die!" One human pulls out an energy sword and charges at the nearest scyther, but he's sliced clean in half before I can stop him. I quickly knock the Scyther back with a wave of energy before it jumps at us, but slowing them down won't stop their rampaging.

I turn to Samantha. "Their spiritual energy- it's dark and twisted. Even your spirit trail isn't red, as usual. It's tinged with blackness. Something is polluting the energy of all the demons, and it's also driving the humans into a frenzy!" I quickly glance down at myself to be sure, but whatever's affecting the others isn't affecting me. My trails are pure white, as they always are.

Samantha grits her teeth. "It's the First Emperor. He must be using his colossal power to control the minds of everyone present- or maybe he's boosting the demons and weakening the humans, or- I don't even know."

More humans are smitten down as blasts of electricity surge down the corridor from a pair of spellcasters. I smash them into the ground with a long-range telekinetic attack, which appears to batter them unconscious... for now.

"Sam, who is the First Emperor? You've met him before, right? If we know who he is, maybe we can counter him!"

She shakes her head vehemently. "I must have seen him dozens of times, but after every meeting, my mind went blank. Eventually, I stopped going, since it was pointless talking to someone I couldn't remember. Even Diablo didn't know who he was."

"But you know the First Emperor is a male, right? Think! Surely you must have seen his face. Maybe a fragment of a memory, anything would help us."

A sudden sensation on my foot makes me look down. A man, barely alive, is reaching with all his might toward me. "M-my lady... help- I can't..."

I heal him after a second, realizing his legs have deep slashes in them and he dragged himself all this way. Once the man recovers, he climbs to his feet and wheezes, "I owe you my life." Saying this, he dashes away. More humans continue to rush past us, like meat being thrown into a grinding machine.

Samantha bites her lip. "It's no good. I can't remember anything. Cassiel, you should try putting everyone to sleep. That should buy us time to-"

"Won't work." I cut her off before she can finish. "I managed to put a few to sleep earlier, but they rose to their feet not ten seconds later. Something keeps nullifying my-" I pause, sending a massive wave of energy down the corridor and blasting a hundred more demons backward, and they land in a giant pile, blocking the corridor. They'll have to gather themselves, and that should slow them down a few moments. "-my magic."

Samantha looks at me seriously. "You know, the way Jason's attacks were reflected, and how your magic is being shut down... it's almost like we're facing a Wordsmith." She licks her lips as her haggard gaze meets mine. "And the demons here are fighting together a little _too_ uniformly and aggressively. If... If I had to make a guess-"

She's cut off, as a huge explosion echoes from down the corridor toward where the demons are emerging. I'm stunned to see a wall of foam has formed, blocking off the path from whence they came. A man in high-ranking military garb runs up to the platoon of soldiers.

"Fall back! We're using the experimental weapons to seal the hallways! Let's draw the bastards into a choke point!"

Samantha glances at the man, then back to me. "I hope I'm wrong. But- but then again... I also want to be right."

I don't get a chance to ask what she means. Samantha turns away and quickly makes a motion with her hands, sending waves of healing energy toward all the injured men around us. "Let's go, Cass. There are others we need to treat."

Her words are punctuated by distant _booms_, as more of the 'experimental weapons' detonate.

.................................................

Grisly sights greet us once we arrive back in the main chamber. Thousands, even tens of thousands of humans mill around in the room, some running, others staggering, as Samantha and I rush to heal as many as we can. I note with interest that at least the First Emperors boost to demons seems to apply to her as well, allowing her energy to reach enough heights that healing hundreds of humans poses little or no problems.

Something catches my eye, while Samantha is off healing the others. A group of men rushes out of one of the hallways, as a _boom_ echoes from where they came. The men are quickly, but gently, carrying King Elshard. Several stab wounds run across his body. I detect his spiritual energy, so he isn't dead yet, but he will be soon.

I flap my wings and arrive over where he is, just in time to hear him cough blood. "B-bastard ruby-skinned monsters... the second time- the second time...!"

Healing energy expels from my aura as I heal the wounds. Slowly, color returns to his face as his body regenerates. "King Elshard, what happened?"

Laying on the ground, the king tilts his head toward me. "Ah, winged one. You've saved me a second time. Truly, you are the Divine Mother incarnate."

"It was nothing, King Elshard. I'm just doing what I can. Who attacked you?"

"Shadow-walkers. Two of them." The King pulls himself into a sitting position and heavily breathes as he glances at the hallways. "We tagged the bastards, but they got away. The demons always rely on trickery and deceit to win their battles. 'Target the command structure, and the humans will fall,' I'll bet that's what they're thinking." A somber expression passes over his face. "Where have I gone wrong? Under my rule, humanity has been reduced to panicked children. We can barely hold the demons off, let alone crush them as we were doing before."

I gently pat him on the shoulder, as Samantha trots over to us. "Attacking the demons so viciously, without any regard for diplomacy or any other options, only angered them. As long as violence is the only way you communicate with them, they will progressively increase their military might against you until you eventually fall."

Samantha apparently catches the last bit of the conversation. "Cassiel is correct, King Elshard. You underestimate how grossly outnumbered humanity is. The Labyrinth is enormous, like the hollowed out innards of a star. Demons live in every crack and crevice. The reach of humanity so far can barely be stated as less than one percent of its total area."

A man in heavy armor jogs up to us breathlessly. "My liege! We have sealed all of the tunnels except for the one you requested. The high-density Contanium is holding well against the hordes. It will take them an hour to break through if they sustain their efforts."

"Don't hold back. Keep lining the halls with it. Eventually, they will have to re-route. When they come through the final path, they will meet their end under a hail of gunfire." The King rises to his feet and brushes himself off. "Thank you, blessed angel. While I understand your words of peace, the time is long gone for diplomacy. Perhaps, after this battle..." He trails off and looks toward the final remaining hallway.

I share a glance with Samantha, noticing a look of fear on her face. She grabs my shoulders. "Where is Jason? How will he get back to us?"

The King answers for her. "Aye, we left his hallway unsealed. We wouldn't want our most powerful warrior to be trapped with the mons-" He halts, likely realizing that calling demons 'monsters' in front of their Second Emperor might be a _tad_ discourteous. "-trapped with the Third Emperor and his hordes."

Well, at least he can try to be _slightly_ civil to a demon, _bless his heart_.

"Samantha, when I left, Diablo was battling Bael. I don't know what happened after that. It's likely that Jason will have to fight one of them afterward, but they'll be weakened."

She curls her lip. "Infighting? Why would Diablo and Bael duel each other now, of all times? They've had their share of differences, but in the midst of an invasion?"

We share a look of concern, until a sentry blows on a horn. "Someone approaches! Ready, men!"

Spinning quickly, I fly up into the air and peer down the hallway leading to where Jason is. Once I see his form emerge from the darkness, a relief fills my very soul. _He made it._

That sensation vanishes immediately. Diablo, the third Demon Emperor, emerges from behind Jason, holding my lover by the head. Jason's body is battered and broken. He's been hit with so many attacks he can't even twitch a finger, let alone stand. Hanging limply in Diablo's grip, his eyes are swollen shut. No words escape his lips, and his spirit is faint. He must be unconscious, and barely hanging on.

Diablo sighs and tosses Jason forward, letting his body slap into the ground with a sickening _crunch_. As I fly down to where he is, I'm almost knocked to the side as Samantha races past me, moving faster than I thought imaginable. She quickly cradles Jason's body, horror on her face. I land beside her and send healing energy to Jason, even as she glares at Diablo.

"What did you do to him?!"

The Third Emperor shrugs. "Honestly, Belial, I don't remember. He barely put up a fight. His hand-to-hand skills are pathetic. You're not going to get all mopey, are you?" Diablo frowns at her. "You can heal him, you know."

Samantha slowly scrunches her hands together into fists. Her energy begins to change, to blacken, before my very eyes. "You... you hurt... my honey..." Blood trickles down her chin as she gnashes her teeth so hard she bites her tongue.

"Hey, I left him alive. I had to teach him his place." Diablo holds his hands up and glances at all the nervous humans aiming their weapons at him. "It was a fair fight. Mano-a-Mano. Surely you can't hold that against me."

Her entire body shakes, and her eyes blacken as she slowly stands to face the Third. "You're not the only one about to learn his place today."

"C-calm down, Belial. I wanted to talk with you for a few moments, about the- the um... Belial?" As Samantha leaps at his throat, Diablo takes a quick step back. "Oh, fuck."