Part 406b:

Ben and I walk for several minutes without saying anything. I keep wondering to myself how I'm going to ditch him without it looking suspicious, but also if I should even try. He's close to Marie, and the two of them are in a relationship of some sort. I can probably get information about Marie from him if I play my cards right. She's shaping up to be the one person capable of opposing me in this galaxy, not counting Zeus. The 'king of gods' is a pretty damn scary figure to go up against, so I'd rather he not end up as my enemy.

We soon arrive on the middle platform between the Megascraper where I live, and the Stratoscraper where I work. I pause to look down through the glass floor once again. The ground isn't visible beneath us, except for patches where the clouds don't cover, and those areas are brown and ugly.

"How do I get to Heaven?"

The question comes to me, and I decide to break the silence finally, if only just because the hushed figure of the man nearly my height is making me feel uneasy. If we just keep walking wordlessly, I'll end up at my suite with Sarah once again... not that I'd complain. I certainly enjoy her company, but now that I'm not in the same room as her, the feeling she exudes in me isn't quite so sharp.

Ben doesn't answer for several seconds, instead opting to stare at a man leaning against a wall in the distance, chatting to someone on his wrist communicator. I could probably hear his conversation if I enhanced my hearing, but it doesn't seem important enough to try.

"You're the Supreme Commander, _technically_, so it's just a matter of going to the Lirius system and using their warp-gate. Why do you ask?" His voice has an edge of suspicion to it. I can easily tell he's not a trusting man.

"I want to speak with Danis."

"Why? If you talk to him, Miss Becker will be forced to assume you altered his mind with Wordsmithing. Your friend will not be freed even if his testimony wasn't affected. In fact, she'll be presumed even more guilty than she already is now, and you'll be under suspicion too."

I lick my lips slowly. Fucking hell, I shouldn't have asked. Now that he knows what I want to do, I can't even try to contact Danis subtly, or Marie might find out. If that bastard lies and Marie believes him, I'll be in deep shit.

"Fine. I won't bother. What do I do, then?"

Ben shoots me an incredulous look. "I don't follow."

"I need to know more about this galaxy. Marie expects me to step in as Supreme Commander, but I haven't the faintest idea what the political situation is. If Marie doesn't want any blunders on her hand, I need to be debriefed on everything I should know."

Ben nods slowly and gives me a meaningful look. "Of course, Miss Becker doesn't trust you yet, and neither do I. Giving you knowledge only makes you more dangerous. Jason 12F never killed anyone, yet you wiped him out with no mercy. The two of you are incomparable."

I shrug nonchalantly and lean against a wall to my side, as several attractive women pass by us, not noticing who I am. It's much more pleasant standing where so many people are congregating, since they're less likely to salute me. The constant attention I have to pay to formality is somewhat stifling; a feeling echoed in faint memories from the other Jason.

"You think so? Funny, you know about my Wordsmithing, along with Marie. How many other people do?"

My question causes Ben to stop and glance away as he calculates the number. "Hmm. Not many. Miss Becker and your senior, the former Jason, were cautious not to let that information slip. Even his children didn't know about his ability to use magic, though his wife, Sarah, did." He raises an eyebrow and grins toothily at me, a look he hasn't done at all in the short time I've known him. "Speaking of which, I bet you're enjoying Sarah's company, eh? She's quite the specimen."

"She is incredibly beautiful, but what do you mean by 'specimen'?"

His smile vanishes. "Nothing, forget it. I'm around Marie so much; I get used to speaking like her sometimes. She's an analytical person, who is almost dehumanizing to those she considers worth looking into. She has always been interested in examining the emotional center of the brain since she believes the Volgrim's approach to erasing emotion might lead to a better society."

"The Volgrim?"

Even as I ask, images of bipedal aliens closely resembling humans, yet possessing eerie non-human-like mouths enter my mind. Now that I think about them, I realize I've heard their species mentioned a few times, but I never thought to inquire more carefully.

"You ask a lot of questions." Ben sighs and stamps his foot on the glass, making my heart tremble slightly. The glass is probably highly reinforced and very durable, but the thought of it breaking and me plunging to my death doesn't excite me.

"I told you already... I need to know more."

He reaches up and fans his hand through his curly black hair thoughtfully. "I could answer all of your questions, but that would bore me to tears. Marie doesn't keep me around for my intelligence, knowledge, or anything like that. She keeps me around because I can read people, and I'm very good at it."

"Is that so?" I smirk and cross my arms at him. "Yet you trusted Danis."

"I most certainly did not. I do not believe the man was as bad as you say he was, but I am always acutely aware of the potential for corruption in a human-run government. The only reason Marie even uses humans is due to the banning of high-level artificial intelligence. She can't possibly run everything herself, so she gives the menial tasks of keeping other humans happy to, well, other humans."

He stomps his foot again thoughtfully and scratches the back of his neck. "Alright, that settles it. Come with me. I know how to answer your questions. I can't say if Marie will approve, but you have access to the previous Supreme Commander's memories anyway, so this can't be much more revealing than that."

He turns and walks back the way we just came, leaving me staring at his back in confusion. I relent and follow after him, simply because I want to know what is so secret he might get in trouble with his boss for showing me.

...

A half hour later, we have traveled past ten stratoscrapers and megascrapers alike, and we arrive in another nondescript megascraper that looks exactly like all the other ones.

"Why do all the buildings look the same? Makes it hard to tell one from the other, don't you think?"

Ben chuckles. "Marie doesn't believe in style. Things like art are superfluous. While I disagree, I also understand the feeling. These buildings have to be structured a specific way to support the immense strain on the lower and middle floors. Rather than allow for artistic freedom that might compromise their structure, Marie standardized all their designs. Considering the first Cloudscraper ever built collapsed into a pile of rubble and killed ten million people, with a hundred million suffering long term complications over the years following, I think her reasoning is sound."

I nod as he presses his hand onto a wall. An unseen panel pops out, and he glances around quickly before typing in a long series of digits, far too swiftly for my eyes to even follow. A false wall slides open, and I raise my eyebrows in surprise. "What is this?"

He doesn't answer, instead opting to shove me inside and follow after, only exhaling once the door closes. "Speak of this to nobody. Marie has several facilities where she keeps her secret projects. I am one of only three people who know the locations of all of them."

"Who's the third person?"

"You. More specifically, the previous Supreme Commander. The fact you have his memories means you might remember their locations anyway, so she can't get too pissed off at me. That being said, this _is_ a red-level location, so its existence is hidden. No records of it are stored anywhere."

He taps a panel on the wall and I feel a pit form in my stomach as the familiar feeling of a descending hover-shaft makes me shift slightly. It passes after a few seconds, but I still feel slightly queasy.

"So, what you're saying is... this place is so secret that even the council leaders don't know about it?"

Ben isn't moved at all by the sudden rapid descent to the surface below. " _Especially_ not them. Some of her projects contain fail-safes. Reset buttons. Insurance in case of the worst possibilities."

I stare at him silently for several moments. "Such as... a Wordsmith turned enemy?"

"Use your imagination."

He doesn't directly answer my question, but the faint threat hangs in the air. These facilities are not superfluous. Marie has had a living weapon under her control for tens of millions of years, always worrying in the back of her mind that he might turn against her. I'll bet that in spite of her smugness toward me, she's scrambling to find those old projects again, just in case.

Minutes pass, and the two of us chat emptily about banal things. I glance up at the floor counter and frown. "It says we're on the first floor, but it hasn't moved in over a minute."

"This elevator's display doesn't go lower than ground level since all the underground levels don't exist on any known blueprint. Red level facilities are hidden in a variety of creative places. This one specifically was built underground, forty miles down, and is surrounded by magma. It took 3,000 years to build, and is structured in such a way it could be destroyed at a moment's notice with the proper authorization."

"You mean you'd flood the facility with lava? What about the research? The projects?"

Ben smiles again, this time more faintly than the last time he used that expression. "Marie can always recreate them. Her mind is a steel trap. That is what I love about her." He quickly realizes what he said, and the smile vanishes as quickly as it came. "In any case, the real danger is letting red-level technology fall into the wrong hands. Not just corrupt humans, but the Volgrim, demons, and even the angels. At least the latter two are too foolish to know how most technology works, but the alien menace have their own secrets. Marie estimates that our weaponry and her genius gives us a 14% edge in a galactic war against them. That becomes a deficit if they acquire our military secrets."

He glances down at his wrist communicator, and I take the opportunity to prod for more questions. "Are the demons even a threat? Why bother with a proxy war if most people don't think about their existence at all?"

He shakes his head at me. "It's all part of her system. The Volgrim are a means to an end, and that end is artificial scarcity."

"I don't get it."

"It's complicated. I don't suppose you know about Energy Credits?"

I shake my head, and he sighs again. "Yeah, I didn't think so. The military consumes about sixty percent of all energy resources that humanity has to offer. The cover story for this is that we need that energy to fight the Demons... but its real purpose is to guard against the Volgrim. To say there is peace between our species is highly fallacious. We've had a cold war brewing for so long I sometimes have to remind myself it exists. Our relations are frosty at best. They see us as emotional primitives, and most humans see them as dispassionate cyborgs."

"What does that have to do with Energy Credits?"

I feel a slight shift as the hover-shaft begins to slow down. Ben notices it too, and he smirks. "Funny you ask. Energy credits are earned by being a loyal citizen. There's only so much energy to go around, even by harnessing the power of stars for our purposes. Replicators require so much energy that they're disgustingly wasteful. Food is reconditioned on the cheap, made from processed garbage. And... what I'm going to show you today would ordinarily cost a _huge_ amount of energy credits. Fortunately, Marie keeps a secret fusion generator for each red facility."

He looks at me knowingly. "It's illegal to possess a private source of energy, so you know. Of course, a few select individuals are technically exempt from this mandate. I'm sure you'll understand why."

The hover-shaft slows to a stop and its door hisses open to reveal a long and narrow obsidian-colored hallway leading to a similarly-textured door at the end, nearly 100 feet away. "I can make a guess or two. I still don't see why you would prevent individuals from creating energy for themselves though."

We start walking down the hallway toward the door and his expression darkens. "We experimented once, and gave an extensively planned colony unlimited energy, full replicator and holodeck access. Ten million people. The results were devastating. Over the course of a short five years, they became entitled complainers. Their work halted. They spent more time on holodecks living out fantasies and eating and doing whatever they wanted than they ever did working. If we allowed that to happen with the general populace, humanity as a whole would collapse."

We arrive at the door, and I frown at him. "So you prevent people from having good food and fun... just because they won't work? Isn't that what robots should be doing? What's wrong with having a good time?"

He leans in to allow his eyes to be scanned, then pulls away and presses his hand on a scanner. "Nothing. Recreation is still allowed, but we have to maintain tight controls on the populace. Even Marie knows that to prevent people from having leisure time would be to invite chaos and rioting. Hell, we had that issue on Goldesh, not even four hundred years ago."

"Goldesh?" The name sparks my memory slightly, as the door opens up in front of us. "I heard that name recently."

Ben doesn't answer, and we step into a colossal room, the scale of which reminds me of the area in Yama's lair where I trained Lora and Silvia. Computer screens are scattered all over the place, with large barriers sectioning off several areas where giant machines sit. I spot several slumped over robots in one corner, and a large tank-like vehicle in another. So many objects are visible that I can hardly process them all.

"I wouldn't be shocked. Marie tells me that your girlfriend has Goldeshian blood in her veins."

"She isn't my girlfriend. And how would you know she's Goldeshian anyway? Why would you check her blood?"

He walks forward, and I follow after him. "Marie scanned her, of course. She wasn't about to let an unknown agent stay in her suite. The fact Lora is from Goldesh is quite concerning, given the history of that system."

I wait for him to elaborate, but he doesn't bite. "So what happened?"

"I'm _definitely_ not going to explain that. That's why I brought you here."

I stop speaking, and both of us walk in silence for several long minutes, until he rounds a corner into one of the blocked off alcoves. Inside the sectioned-off area, a helmet hangs from the ceiling, its wires going up into an unknown destination. A chair sits below it, rather stiff and uncomfortable looking, but with a decent amount of padding covering it.

"This is one machine Marie uses on a regular basis. It's the Mk. IIII Memory Molder. This device can download and upload memories at high rates of speed. It's like watching a holographic movie, except in your mind, and you're a part of the events. Unfortunately, due to the amount of energy it consumes while moving petabytes of information every second, it isn't feasible to mass-produce, or holodecks would be rendered obsolete. Marie considered a mass-market version once that merely imprinted onto memories, but the possibility of something going wrong and wiping a person's brain, or a developer error making a memory-movie spam itself ten billion times and over filling their brain... those were not good odds."

A bead of sweat rolls down my scalp. "Uh... so you... want me to take that thing and... put it on my head?"

He nods at me and smiles once again. "Oh, don't you worry! This model is perfectly safe! Marie uses it herself to refresh her memory on past events periodically. If you think Marie would take even a 1% chance of something going wrong with a machine she uses yearly, you're quite mistaken."

I feel slightly apprehensive as I walk over to it and sit down, and I pause to hold the lightweight metal helmet before I put it on. "Uh... if this thing can download and upload memories, what about _altering_ memories?"

He nods at me nonchalantly, as if it doesn't matter at all. "I suppose it could. I've never used it for that purpose, but if she wanted, I'm sure Marie could reconfigure it as she wished."

Great. I'll have to make sure I'm never using this thing when Marie's holding the controls. Not that I trust Benjamin either. Anyone as close to Marie as he is must be one hell of a manipulator, and I have lots of experience in that field. I continue staring at the helmet for a while before finally resigning myself to whatever comes next, and I place it on my head. The fit is surprisingly snug, and it doesn't block my vision except for the edges.

Ben watches me and nods once it's on. "Alright. I've experienced this machine a few times myself. The first time I found the experience rather disorienting, but after that, it wasn't all too bad. Just lay back and get comfortable in that chair. The rest will take care of itself."

"What are you going to show me?"

He pauses thoughtfully. "Well, you need to learn about Goldesh if you plan to hold company with that woman, Lora, and you'll want to see some of our formative years as well, and how we created this society. If I show you too much, it could overwhelm your mind, so I'll keep the scope limited."

"Wonderful. Don't melt my brain, please."

I lean back in the chair and stiffen as I feel an electrical sensation against my scalp. Almost immediately, the world around me begins to blur, and that feeling of disorientation Benjamin warned me about spreads all through my body, nauseating me where I sit.

Just before the entire world fades away, I spare a glance at Ben. Did he smirk? It looked almost... almost like he...

My thoughts waver as the world fades away and a familiar person appears in front of my eyes.

It's... me? My face?
