Part 145:

Using every fiber of my being, I finally finished summoning what my calculations told me were enough solar panels to power the replicators deep below the surface. After some adjustments to the planet's speed and some other things to make sure it didn't plummet into the sun, I then spent an hour wiring all the solar panels together and pumping the wiring down to the main base.

Finally, I teleported back down, my entire body drenched in sweat.

Everyone there jumped for joy when they saw me appear. I erupted out of the spacesuit, tearing it off and flinging it to the ground. My body and mind ached, but one great thing about my new powers is that my upper limit for thought and spiritual energy has greatly expanded, possibly by a factor of 50. I still had quite a lot of energy left over, and after some well earned sleep, I would have it all regenerated possibly by the next day.

"Cody... hah... it's done. The replicator is complete."

I showed him how they worked. Simply put, anything you put on the platform can be 'uploaded' as a blueprint, and then 'downloaded' as a whole new item that exactly copies the blueprint down to the individual molecule.

This would allow for rapid construction of a new set of weaponry.

"And now, Colonel Cody, we begin... phase 2..."

I aim my hands at the ground as a new set of blueprints crosses my mind. For 5 minutes, I concentrate as I once again pour my mind into various parts of the item.

Finally, I have it all completed.

" **Mecha!** "

In front of me, dissolving into view, a massive, hulking set of armor appears. The armor is extremely thick, the plates being nearly 12 inches of solid titanium. It's colored blood red and gold, the color of humanity's fight to survive. It has no actual weapons, but its defensive capabilities are unmatched.

This is no normal set of armor, this is the very first prototype _Mecha_ suit of armor. A weapon to surpass Metal Gear, if you will. I laugh at my own stupid joke, but nobody else would get the humor so... never mind.

This suit enfolds around the user's body and auto-adjusts to their height and physical ability. It provides protection against anything, from claws, to bullets, to acids.

Cody and all the others, even regular techs in the room, pause to gaze in awe at this magnificent suit of armor. I've truly outdone myself.

"Colonel Cody. You will now be the new leader of humanity. This suit, the Mark I Demonslayer will be your personal suit. But this is not the gift I had promised to leave you. _This is._ "

Once again, I focus my mind as I imagine the exact technical details of how this will work. My mind connects bits and pieces of the circuitry and powerful pieces of the electronics. Finally, I will it to happen.

" _Vibroaxe!_ "

A massive battleaxe appears in midair, then falls to the ground, smashing with tremendous force. It has energy that pulses on the blade, allowing it to slice through even thick steel armor with ease. About as close to a lightsaber as I'll ever get, I suppose.

"As the leader of humanity, you need to be a man intimidating enough to make the demons cower in fear when they hear of your approach. The Mark I Demonslayer, and the _Hellraiser_ axe will make you a terrifying and intimidating opponent on the battlefield.

I then created a less advanced but still exceptionally powerful variant of the battle armor. "This is the Mark I Battle Armor Prime. Its fighting capabilities are still godlike compared to what we use today, but it's just weak enough that if the enemies ever manage to gain an edge in battle, the appearance of your suit will shred their confidence to pieces. These are my gifts for you, Colonel Cody."

Cody grinned so wide that happiness felt like it radiated from his body. " _Now_ I understand, God King. You have truly outdone yourself. How can we possibly lose to the demon hordes now?"

I smiled, but then my smile faded. "Cody... have you ever wondered why it is that there are no advanced human worlds? Have you ever wondered why all the worlds we've found have been lacking when it comes to technology?"

Cody nodded. "Yes... the thought had crossed my mind."

I paused. I wasn't sure how to word this, but thanks to the abilities of the crown, I had a 90% confidence threshold.

"Cody. This will come as a shock to you but... I believe we have another enemy. One that is neither demon, nor human, nor angel, nor god. An enemy that is... _alien_ in nature. I don't know who they are... but I know that if we should ever encounter them... as we are now... we are guaranteed to lose."

Cody stared at me, his own smile gone now. "What makes you so sure of this?"

I paused. "Because if humanity is truly on as many weird and strange worlds as we've found, but no trace of the technology that got them there exists anymore, yet the demons are not easily slaughtering and killing all of humanity... there must be another player in this war. I know not who, where, when, or why... but I know they _exist_. Do not grow overconfident with these weapons. Just as we grow too acquainted with them... they may be the death of us."

The room around us dulled, as everyone nearby was lost to their own thoughts.

_Aliens._
