Part 294a

"Hello Tom, I'm on the scene now amidst the chaos that has engulfed the outer city limits of London. The south side of the city has been all but annihilated by the Volgrim, but these winged saviors that came from the sky have appeared to pacify all the remaining aliens."

"Excellent work, Jane. We'll be back to speak with you after a commercial break. And coming up later, we're inviting several world-renowned scientists to our expert panel to give opinions on the identities of these winged visitors. Are they angels? Stay tuned to learn more on this developing story!"

As the feed switched to commercial break, I sighed quietly. As planned, the angels had quickly mopped up, then returned to each of the hidden portals I'd kept a half-mile above the ground. It was pretty obvious to just about anyone that these were angels, but for the sake of the ever worsening 24 hour news rush that had only gotten worse over the last century, the news channels had to drag everything out and focus on each significant act in order to meet their time tables.

Walking through the shelter, I turned my attention away from the news feed in my helmet to the little girl laying on the ground some feet away. Amelia wasn't doing so hot, a testament to how powerful those anti-magic weapons were. If they could deal this kind of damage to even her... then...

I glanced down at my armored palm. If I could integrate one of those anti-magic weapons into my suit somehow, then I should be able to easily crush Satan. He was a formidable foe, and I suspected even stronger than Amelia, but those anti-magic weapons were absolutely debilitating versus even my hypersuit.

Still... the more I thought about it, the more something was beginning to bother me. We seemed to be heading towards the exact same future that I remembered before I went back in time. What if Raphael's cryptic suggestions were serious? Perhaps my actions _and_ my inaction might be causing us to head towards that future. But then, in that case, which was the correct path to take? If I kill Amelia now, that future definitely cannot come to pass, but what if that's the absolute wrong thing to do? If I kill her, then she won't kill Satan. I'd have to do that myself, and I'm not sure that I _can_.

Looking at her motionless body now, I'm not sure that she can either. Perhaps just by speaking to her, I've interrupted the chain of events that might cause her to seek him out and fight him. Even looking beyond Amelia for a moment, I could just kill all the humans, then that future definitely won't come to pass. I could drop a meteor on Volgarius. I could detonate an atomic bomb inside the labyrinth, or more than a couple of them.

But... I don't want to do any of those things. I've been killing, maiming, and murdering for so long... is this who I want to be? How can I call myself a 'Hero', looking at my kill count? Superman is a hero, and he never kills anyone. But then, The Punisher is sometimes considered a hero too, perhaps the type of hero we need in real life is different from the one in a fantasy wonderland...

As thoughts roil in my mind, Amelia stirs and opens her eyes, looking up at my faceless armored visage. "Oh, Jason. You're here now."

I shake the thoughts out of my head as my speakers turn on. "Yeah, are you alright? You seem violently ill."

"I've never felt this bad before..." Amelia's normally high pitched girly voice is muted substantially, as she seems to be barely choking the words out for me to hear. Her voice reminds me of when I was punched in the stomach in high school and I could barely speak for minutes afterwards until I got my second wind.

I disable my speakers for a moment as I wordsmith at her. **"Heal."** Turning my speakers back on, I smile even though she can't see my face, hoping it will come through in my voice. "There. Does that feel any better?"

As I ask the question, my bio-reading functions come up indicating her circulation and breathing has improved greatly. Before she responds, I already know what her answer will be. "Yeah! I'm feeling way better!" Sitting up abruptly, she flexes her arms a bit, winding her arms around in circular patterns. "The pain is almost gone! How did you do that?"

I frown slightly. "What do you mean? Heal you?"

She nods. "Yeah! You seem to be able to do everything, from destroying to creating to healing! I wanna know how you do it all!"

I swallow, realizing this is a crucial moment. "Well, err, it's not that I don't want to tell you..."

Instantly a pouting expression crosses her face. "Aw, come on! We're friends! You can tell me..."

As she sulks, I feel a silent fear creeping up my spine. Damn! This is a catch 22. If I tell her about wordsmithing, she'll be able to know my powers. If I don't, she won't trust me.

Biting my lip, I quickly glance around the Hyperdome. There's nothing to do and the seconds are crawling by. I can't just distract her from the question, and even if I did, she'd ask it again later on. Stalling for time, I try my own question. "Well, Amelia, if you've been hurt before, how did you end up healing yourself?"

Her pouting face turned into a lopsided grin. "That's easy! My friend does it for me!"

I bob my head slowly, remembering her friend that she calls 'Levvy' but never wants to tell me anything about. A figment of her imagination? Perhaps something more?

"Why haven't you ever asked your friend how to heal yourself?" Glancing around my HUD, I suddenly remember my other clone only a few blocks away helping with the cleanup, shooting him a list of telepathic commands, I begin to formulate a plan.

Amelia sighs. "It's not that easy! He, err, well he heals me from within! It's his power, not... mine..." She glances away uneasily at the topic the conversation has shifted towards. She _really_ doesn't like me knowing anything about her friend. I grin at the thought. _Yeah well, that's how I feel having you ask about my powers._

As she stares uneasily at a wall to my side, she suddenly bobs her head back. "But that's not an answer to my question! What are your abilities? How do you heal people and do all that cool stuff?"

The moment of truth. Rising to my feet, I stare upwards in a manner that I think is cool. "Heh, it's pretty easy, to be honest. I have a lot of magical energy inside of myself, and I simply manifested my heroic abilities in a way that allows me to conjure a lot of different abilities at once! But anyone could do it, with practice!"

Amelia's face shines with disbelief. "Oh. It's that simple, huh? Well, prove it then."

Her sudden insistence on seeing my abilities demonstrated is not just annoying, but worrisome. Still, I don't want to take a chance, so in order to make it as convincing as possible, I take her hand and walk over to a quiet and semi-empty section of the Hyperdome. Checking to make sure nobody's watching, I send the telepathic order to my clone, who uses 'Remove' on me, taking my Hypersuit off. Of course, the fact my clones can simply remove the Hypersuit from my body scares me, making me realize how easily a rogue clone could have disarmed and killed me in the blink of an eye.

Still, that's not important right now. Standing in front of Amelia, without my Hypersuit, I grin awkwardly at her as I close my eyes and pretend to meditate for a few moments. I can practically feel her interested eyes boring a hole in my face as I hold my palm upwards. "The key, Amelia, is to focus on the power inside your body, giving it life inside your mind. If you focus, you can make your energy manifest however you want it too. For example, by healing a wound."

Holding my palm up, a knife suddenly appears in it. Amelia takes a step back, seeing it appear out of nowhere. "Wow! Was that sleight of hand? I didn't even see how that appeared!"

I chuckle, as I send another telepathic signal to my clone. "No, it's my power. I can manifest anything my mind desires. Watch." Taking the knife with my right hand, I cut lightly into my palm. The moment I cut, I see the wound instantly beginning to close itself. _Oops, my inner regeneration is still active... but..._

Amelia gawks. "Wow! You healed yourself in the blink of an eye! You didn't even do any... magic motions... or anything..." She suddenly glances up at me suspiciously. "Come to think of it, I've never seen a hero or a demon or an angel that _didn't_ use magic signs with their hands. Are you playing me for a fool?"

I quickly toss my head up. "Hah! You think signs are necessary? You are like a baby when it comes to your magical abilities! I discovered the secret of using magic without the signs!"

She grumbles slightly and averts her eyes, but seems to accept it. "Alright... well, how can I heal myself then? How can I do anything that you do?"

I shrug. "It's all about the mental focus. Magic is about overcoming your limitations and using your mind to envision what you want. If you don't have a solid vision, nothing will materialize."

I stifle a grin. I hope she doesn't notice that I'm bullshitting and making it up as I go along, but she seems to be absorbing my words carefully as I speak. "Hmm... hmm... ah! I see now! It all makes sense!"

I feel my heart pause for a second as she nods vigorously while resting a finger on her lips. "It... it does?"

"Of course! It's so obvious!" Amelia smacked her head in a "d'oh!" manner, as she grabbed the knife from my hand, cutting deeply into her palm, at first it didn't succeed in even breaking the skin, instead bending the knife, but eventually it did make a small cut.

Amelia mumbled quietly to herself. "No, Levvy, let me do it this time..."

Using her other hand, she began to mumble some nonsensical words that I took as generic magic chants. Glancing down at her hand, she frowned. It was still cut open. As she put on a determined face, she tried again, and again, and three more times, until just when I was losing interest, she suddenly shrieked at the top of her lungs. "OH MY GOSH! I did it! Look, Jason, looky!" As she waved her hand in front of my face, I smiled as I reached down and patted her head.

"Nice job! You got the hang of that pretty fast!" As I smiled, I suddenly felt another feeling wash over my body. A thought occurred to me... _She didn't know how to heal herself until just now..._

But... I taught her how to do it...

As she hopped around shouting joyfully, I swallowed an especially thick gulp. Something about this... was...

Feeling my hands start to shake, I sent another mental order to my clone, who wordsmithed my Hypersuit back onto me. Glancing around nervously, I had another thought creep into my mind. _I hope nobody saw me take the suit off and put it back on..._

Still, I was no longer wearing the face of Jason Hiro. Anyone who saw me wouldn't be able to easily identify me. It was fine. Yeah... it was fine.

Sighing quietly now that I was back inside my Hypersuit, I placed my hand on Amelia's shoulder. "Well, are you ready to go home now?"

She nodded enthusiastically. "Yes! I can't wait to try out more magical abilities!"

I nodded as the smile faded from my face, sending a telepathic symbol to Harold to beam us up.

Moments later, we were standing aboard the Mothership's bridge, staring out at the vast starry sky the represented Outer Space.

I can't change what's already been done, I can only live with it now.

...................................................................

Silver stood inside Stonewall's office, glancing around at all sorts of beautiful weapons that had been taken from ancient parts of the world. Two swords were criss-crossed on the wall atop a Nordic looking wooden shield, the image of a bear carved into its front section. He noted a halberd, a massive warhammer, and even a flail with dozens of spikes all over it.

As he shuffled his feet, he glanced down at the vial in his hands. _The end result of our experiments._ A pure white fluid swirled around inside of it, the serum designed based on previously lost Nazi human experimental trials. Their goals of creating the perfect super-soldier had failed, but they were on the right track.

As he stood and stared at the various decorations, the door opened to his side and Stonewall strode in. His massive hulking body was tempered only by his finely tailored suit and the massive cigar in his mouth. "Mister Silva, my apologies for keeping you waiting." His thick Russian accent didn't hamper his ability to speak English, it only made it obvious that it was not his native tongue.

Taking a few steps forward, his huge stride placed him in front of Silver, as he leaned forwards to pluck a fresh cigar from a golden cigar holder on the table. Glancing back, he spoke again. "Oh, so rude of me. You want to have smoke as well, da?"

Silver shook his head politely. "No thank you, I'm not a smoker."

Stonewall stared at the small man for a moment before shaking his head slightly with a _tsk_ passing his lips. "Such unfortunate that you do not enjoy the taste of smoke in your mouth. It might increase your testosterone a bit, make you into a bigger man." Striding around the desk, Stonewall took a seat in his luxurious easy chair, tossing a glance towards the small wooden chair on the other side of the desk. Silver took a seat there, noting that it was much more comfortable than it might otherwise ordinarily appear.

Gripping the vial in his hands tightly, Silver suddenly felt uncomfortable when faced with the mountain of a man in person. He was far more formidable when not viewed as a hologram or on a viewscreen. "Well then, let's get to business, shall we?"

Stonewall took a few puffs before deigning to respond. "I see you have brought goods. You say this energy is of much power, da? Perhaps a demonstration is in order." His tone indicated an order, not a question.

Silver reached into his loosely fitting brown leather jacket, pulling a small obsolete appearing thumb drive out, as he handed it across the table to the Russian man.

Stonewall eyed it for a moment before reaching out and snatching it from Silver's fingers in the blink of an eye. Looking it up and down, he turned quizzically to Silver. "What is this? It looks familiar, but I have not seen something like this in decades."

"I work for a government agency of sorts. We tend to use old hardware for backup. This is a USB drive, with images and videos of the unsuccessful, and the successful tests of the serum. Just put it into your Deconstructor and it will be able to read the data."

Stonewall examined the small thumb drive carefully before reaching into a drawer on his side of the desk and pulling out a small device with a large aperture for placing objects into. Setting the stick inside, he glanced over at Silver, who nodded in response. Wordlessly, he pressed the ignition button as light filled the small bowl-like insides of his Deconstructor, the data was rapidly relayed to his office's central AI.

A holoscreen appeared in the center of the table, projected from the ceiling. Various scenes began to play themselves out of men and women attacking others in their immediate vicinity, apparently going berserk as they demonstrated superhuman strength, tearing researchers and scientists limb from limb.

As Stonewall watched silently, Silver explained the videos. "These were the initial trials from twenty years ago. The side effects of our early tests always included terrible mental imbalances, but the actual powers demonstrated, as you can see, were already showing great promise."

Stonewall appeared unmoved by the horrific carnage onscreen. Likely, when he had fought on the battlefield years before, he had seen far worse horrors of war. "Da, I see clearly how good at fighting they are. Still, this is not much better than those commandos that Beatrix praises so much. Enhancing muscles and speed is nothing new for our super-soldiers."

Silver nodded as he leaned forwards and manipulated the holo-videos with his hand, quickly flipping forwards through dozens of other videos. "Most of these are similar trials and experiments, but it was around 2085 that we had real breakthroughs. This is Susie, she was our first successful test subject who didn't have a mental snap."

A little 6 year old girl sat and manipulated objects with her mind, moving them around telekinetically and even crushing or reforming them. As she did, researchers stood in the room, quietly taking notes with their datapads and nodding.

"A child, hm? Let me guess, only they possessed the malleable brains needed to use the serum properly? Seems cliched, da."

Silver shook his head. "At first it was children, but then we were able to locate various genes and such that worked well with the treatments. For some reason, blonde haired subjects tended to have many times less adverse reactions. Blue eyes helped as well." He paused as he turned his head away thoughtfully. "There were always rumors about the Fuhrer and his fascination with certain types of humans, but perhaps history simply... forgot the truth of his predilections."

Stonewall nodded as he waved a hand to turn off the display. "So you give me list of attributes, I give you soldiers, da? Is this deal that you wish to make?"

Silver nodded as he reached over and slid the vial of energy towards the general. "That's the gist of it, yes. This is for your own personal study, but tell nobody of its existence. And..." Silver paused as he looked Stonewall in the eyes meaningfully. "...whatever you do, _don't_ attempt to use this on yourself. There may be a slight chance of beneficial effects, but I guarantee you don't meet the criteria to use the Type 3 Energy effectively. As it stands, neither do I. Few do."

Stonewall nodded as he took it gracefully, spinning in his chair to slide a shield on the wall to his side away, revealing a safe behind it. Placing his hand on its scanner, it popped open to reveal many sorts of interesting looking artifacts and other odd things, as he placed the serum inside. Closing it up, he slid the shield back in place and turned back to Silver.

"Is good to do business with you. As token of my esteem, I will give piece of advice; stay on my good side. Soon, I will become highest leader of this planet, da. After I oust the wench who is thorn in my side, I will begin the destruction of aliens and demons. But especially the aliens, for all the harm they've caused. Mother Russia is in ruins thanks to their games, and I will not forgive them so easily."

Agent Silver raised an eyebrow. "I've heard rumors. No footage has officially leaked yet, but based on what my... 'friends' are saying, it seems the capital is shattered. And, as for your son..."

Stonewall quickly glared at Silver, the friendliness disappearing in an instant. "Do not bring up my son. I am in deep mourning. Krumer was a good boy, and I was training him to take over should I pass. Instead, a father must bury his son, just as I have buried many of my close family members." Stonewall's eyes shifted for an instant to a picture frame on his desk, which faced away from Silver. Silver didn't make any effort to see who was in it.

"I am sorry for your loss. I didn't mean to bring up a painful memory."

Stonewall's eyes softened slightly as he took another long drag from the cigar resting in his mouth. "Is no problem, simply keep your thoughts to yourself in future, da?"

Silver nodded and the two of them chatted for a while longer before Silver took his leave, having only been there for fifteen minutes or so.

Stonewall slumped down in his chair as he sighed, thinking about all the thankless work he had to do to keep the planet safe from alien scum. "Is not the job for weak, pathetic woman like Beatrix. Is job for proven leader, like myself."

Speaking to no-one in particular, he continued staring at the wall for a long time before finally retiring for the night.