Part 143:

We were down in the basement of the castle once again, in the forge where my clones would previously have been summoning materials and such for the war effort. Without them around though, this area of the castle was now being used for other purposes.

The portal room is now staffed by an entire battalion, almost 500 troops, just in case of an invasion. The biggest benefit of having the battalion stationed there wasn't just protecting the motherland, as it were, but quick and easy reinforcement for all our bases. If one were attacked by the enemy, we'd instantly have 500 troops mobilized and ready to go.

Since I will no longer summon clones, I've come up with an incredible solution.

Cody and the Yellow team's top 5 members follow behind me, along with Cassiel, who never seems to leave my side. I approach the gate leading to one of the outpost worlds.

"What did you end up naming it?" I ask Cody.

He scratches his face and looks away. "Well, uh, you'll probably think this is stupid... but we just called it... Mining Planet Alpha."

I stare at him, my face is frozen in awe. _Mining Planet Alpha_? What kind of stupid fucking name is-

Never mind. "Alright. Better idea, we'll call it..." I pause as a list of a thousand names comes to mind, but I decide to settle for one that reminds me of home. "...Mars. We'll call this planet Mars. Any objections?"

Cody shrugs and he looks back at the others in his group. They all seem to think it's fine too. Perfect.

"Alright, so let me get this straight, we've dug inside the planet, and the only way in and out is through this exact portal, correct?"

Cody nods. "Yes, this was an important project by King Adams. He wanted to have the mining base be totally secured. There is literally no entrance into the base from the outside of the planet beyond teleporting or digging ten miles into it."

I nodded. "Absolutely perfect. That guy..." I waved off the thought. "Adams was a good man. Let's do this, then."

We entered the portal to 'Mars' and appeared inside the mining base. I was shellshocked to see that instead of being dark and dingy, choked with dust, or anything of the sort, we appeared in a perfectly white hangar area, with lots of men and women in uniforms moving around with carts, hand-trucks, and many other such things, moving refined and unrefined ore and metal from one end of the station to the other.

The room was MASSIVE, stretching up over a hundred feet into the air before you would touch the ceiling, and the room itself was about the size of 6 football fields stacked to the sides vertically and horizontally.

Cody must have seen my gasping mouth because he stifled a guffaw. "N-no, God King, we didn't make this. Your clones did. And they did it in about an hour according to Adams' designs."

I paused. "Is the rest of the facility like this?"

"No, just the main room. He wanted there to be lots of possibilities for expansion."

I stared all around me at the grandeur of the room. Adams... you really outdid yourself. I wish you could be here to see what comes next.

I started walking to a back corner of the room where nobody was currently mulling around or occupying the space. "Cody, listen up. I will be leaving _you_ in charge of humanity. I do not plan to come back for a... long time. Since I will not be leaving my clones behind, it's up to you to protect the future of our race. Therefore, I will be leaving you a... _gift_."

Cody's jaw hung open. "Y-you're leaving us? Alone?! I have some good soldiers, God King, but with all due respect, what could you possibly leave behind that would be better than clones?"

I ignored him and we kept walking. Finally, we arrived at the back corner. "Cody, in the world I come from, there's a particularly awful but simultaneously perfect saying for a situation like ours. It goes: _There's more than one way to skin a cat_. Awful, to be sure, but what it means is that where there's a will, there's a way. And I have a will, so I will find the way."

I aimed both of my hands at the back corner and concentrated deeply. I spent 5 minutes using the Crown to visualize exactly what I needed to do. I pored over every possible angle of the device as sweat began dripping down my head. Imagining every possible circuit, every piece of machinery... I finally called out the world.

" **REPLICATOR!!** "

In front of me, a device began taking shape. It was massive, going all the way up to the ceiling, the 'important' area being 50 feet wide by 50 feet deep. This was it, the ultimate machine.

I gasped finally, realizing I had been holding my breath as I strained to use the crown to create something I'd never invented in my life into reality.

Cody gazed up at the awe-inspiring machine. "By the gods... what in the name of hell is that?"
