Part 104: Inventor

Captain Adams is... a genius. He's far beyond me now.

I explained to him the basic principles of guns. Being a military commander, he immediately came to understand the principles behind gunpowder. And he took it in directions I hadn't even expected.

He stayed secluded in his room for 5 days straight, only allowing his butler to enter and exit. Even I couldn't get to him. I'm sure if it were an emergency I could have, but since this is the first time he's shrugged me off, I knew it was important.

Finally, he emerged after the 5 days were up, ragged and exhausted. His eyes sagged as he sleepily handed my a large stack of papers, all of them filled to the brim with drawings, sketches, and detailed plans. I started to look at them, but he waved me off. "Take these down to Mr. Stevens, tell him to get to work. It's time he earned his pay." And with that, he stumbled back into his room to sleep.

I arrived downstairs in the basement of the castle, in the Forge. It was connected to the Armory, where all the weapons made by the forge were left until they had an owner. Using the principles created by Henry Ford in my world, we had created factory assembly lines to smooth out and speed up the creation of swords and metal armor, but that was all to soon change.

I handed the designs to Stevens and as he read through the pages over the course of half an hour, occasionally pausing to grab coffee from the table, he gasped over and over as new applications for the technology I had barely even outlined seemed to spark his imagination.

Stevens finally finished flipping through the papers as a serene look of satisfaction passed over his eyes. "We can win now."

He turned to me. "Great Slayer... if possible, I want you to recall all nonessential clones in Hero City to the Forge. I have work for them to do."

I nodded. "That will be fine, but what do you want them to do?"

He indicated a few things in the papers. "Gunpowder... we have no way of making it. This world is too small, there are no suitable materials to be mined anywhere. They need to make large stockpiles of it through your ability."

I nodded. "I can arrange for that. I suppose you'll want metals like steel too?"

Stevens shook his head. "That won't be necessary. Planet Alpha Omnicron 2 has mines for the materials we'll need. We've recently constructed a hidden mining base there that the demons likely don't know about. It leads directly into the portal room, so it's very secure."

I nodded. "These planet names, they're very complicated. It's going to be a bit tedious trying to remember all of them. Can't we start assigning names to various ones?"

Stevens shrugged. "You'll have to take that up with Captain Adams."

I shrugged. "Yeah, I guess so. But before I go, here's a few more clones."

I stepped back and spawned 6 new clones, draining my remaining magic power to low levels. Clones take much of my energy to summon, but their ability to do their own limited versions of wordsmithing are actually incredible. I can turn a single clone into a micro-factory, creating objects as I need them, and Adams has been constantly thinking up new uses for them. Truly remarkable.

I breathed heavily as I walked towards the exit. "There you go, Stevens. Don't waste their energy all right? Like me, they get tired if you make them summon too much stuff at once. I'll be off now."

Stevens nodded with a glint in his eye. "Slayer, thank you. More than words can say. This is the beginning... this is only the beginning."

I nodded. "I know."
