Part 130 - Clash Of The Titans

Nobody had expected such a fantastic display of battle prowess as the one that occurred on that day. Hercules and the thousands of angelic and godly spectators stared with fascination at the battle that was to take place before them.

Zeus stood perfectly still when the battle started. Kronos laughed. "Letting me have the first attack, eh?" Kronos quickly raised up his foot and slammed it down, intending to stomp the child beneath him. The impact shook the grounds of Heaven and a few angels still walking to their seats tumbled down and lost their footing.

When he raised his foot again, Kronos saw that Zeus was not there anymore. "Looking for me, _father_?"

Zeus floated in midair behind Kronos, a big smirk on his face. _He's fast_. Kronos thought to himself.

Kronos jerked his right hand towards Zeus, but Zeus vanished again, appearing next to Kronos' left ear. "You'll have to be faster than that, _daddy_."

Kronos grew angry at the words of mockery, and suddenly jerked into motion. Jumping, running, grabbing, he chased his agile son all over the arena. Zeus appeared to not even move from one place to another, he simply vanished and reappeared.

The king of the gods paused after a few minutes. "Well well, looks like we've got a stalemate here. You're too fast for me to catch, but I'm too big and strong for you to hurt. What will you do then?"

Zeus laughed. "Hahaha, I can move instantly at the speed of light. It's the power I gained when I gained control over lightning and storms. But I'm not fast and weak, I'm fast and _strong_. That mistake will cost you dearly."

Suddenly he disappeared, reappearing next to Kronos ear again, with a mighty battlecry, he blasted the sound of thunder point blank into Kronos' auditory centers. Kronos bellowed as the sound blasted out his eardrum, his inner ear rupturing and blood pouring out of it. As he grabbed his ear in agony, Zeus appeared again, doing the same thing to his opposite ear, causing Kronos immense pain and to become completely deaf.

Kronos fell to his knees in bone shaking agony, as his eyes slammed shut from the pain overriding his mental faculties. When he finally regained the ability to open his eyes, he saw Zeus floating mere inches from his face, preparing a big spell. The instant Kronos opened his eyes, Zeus activated it.

A fantastically bright twin bolt of lightning blasted out of Zeus' hands, lancing directly into his father's eyes. Kronos screamed, roared, and bellowed in agony as his eyes exploded into a bloody mess. He started swinging his right hand around wildly, trying desperately to slap Zeus out of midair, but he was unable to hit a thing.

Zeus floated above his father's kneeled body, a sense of sorrow passing over his face. "You were a dear leader to our people, pushing us through many dark times." He spoke to the man who could no longer hear. "I do not do this out of hatred. I do this because it is time to begin a new era. One without the influence of the demons. My own son and I will eradicate them, as you were unable to do. For the good of angels, gods, and our human cattle, we will lead this universe to a new age of peace and prosperity."

A single tear went down his cheek as he spoke. "I'm sorry, father. I love you, despite your flaws."

His hands whipped into a frenzy as he wordlessly began preparing a spell unlike any other in his lifetime. The otherwise serene, peaceful and bright sky over heaven, magically illuminated with no visible suns, became cloudy and dark, as a massive storm began brewing.

As his father raged and screamed, the cloud began emitting great sparks and loud booming thunder emanated from it, as Zeus prepared his ultimate spell.

He looked down on his father from on high. This would be the last time he saw him alive.

" _Fulmen e Caelo!_ "

A blast of lightning shot down from the sky, the size of which nearly compared to Gabriel's own cosmos-class magic light wave. The bolt hit Kronos with such speed and force that he had no time to even scream in pain. His body ruptured internally as a wave of blood and liquefied internal organs erupted from all of his orifices. He instantly lost his footing, and fell down, his body smashing into the ground with the force of an asteroid traveling the speed of sound. Many later theorized that the bolt of lightning had such force that it slammed him into the ground at high speeds, though no tests were ever done to confirm it.

Zeus stared stonily at the massive corpse below him. His tears gone, he raised his fist in the sky.

The audience at first was completely quiet, but Hercules broke that silence. "HURRAH! My father is the decisive victor!"

The audience erupted in cheers. Such a fantastic and powerful god would surely lead them to crushing the demonic hordes!

As everyone cackled with glee and delight, one person remained silent. Uriel watched from on high. As one of the archangels, he had not expected that this would be the result. He had thought Kronos was unkillable. But now that Kronos was gone, he knew sweeping changes were coming, and the results would be anything but positive for his kind.