Part 455c: Investigation

_Queen moves from E1 to E4. Black's turn. Bishop moves from F4 to H6, retreating from the sudden appearance of the queen. It's a trap. How should White respond? Obviously, since I'm playing both sides, I can't fall into my own trap, but how do I go about avoiding it? Perhaps if I-_

My thoughts are put on hold as the bedroom door creaks open, and a weary Cassiel strolls in, sighs dramatically, and flops face-first on our bed to my right.

Quietly, I glance over and evaluate her condition. She's exhausted. "Hey, Cass. Been having fun? I haven't seen you in a couple of days."

Honestly, I was starting to get worried. I used _Locate_ a few times and determined she was traveling all over the city but didn't appear to be in any distress. I'm not her father, so if she needs a day off from me, she can have it. After the way I talked to her last time, I thought maybe I pissed her off, and she didn't want to come back.

"I'm sooo tired..." Cassiel mutters, her mouth embedded in the covers. I can barely make the words out. "I just can't solve the mystery."

I reach over from my little table and squeeze her shoulder. "You doing okay? I thought maybe you were mad at me or something. It seems you've been off having an adventure."

Her wings twitch for a moment before pushing on the bed and spinning her face-up. She gazes up at the ceiling, then closes her eyes and breathes lightly. "There has been a recent series of murders and disappearances in the city. Humans and demons alike. I can't find the culprits."

"Murders?" My calmness vanishes. "What do you mean?"

Cassiel folds her hands and rubs them together for a few moments. "This little boy asked me to look for one of his friends. Her name is Susie. I didn't find her. Instead, I found out that one of the local militia had his throat cut open during a night patrol. Then, I found out that two women in the information branch went missing at the same time. I started to notice that a few demons were reported missing, and just yesterday a demon girl was found hung with a noose, her hands tied behind her back, in her home. I'm disgusted."

"That's awful." I keep my tone neutral, but secretly I'm nervous. Did nobody bother to tell me? Does the King even know? What the hell is going on? "You didn't find any leads, Cass?"

"Not really. The only thing the murders have in common is that most of them happen late at night. The abductions are all over the place."

I narrow my eyes. "But you're sure they _are_ abductions, right?"

She squirms. "Err, well, no... I can't prove that. It's just a hunch."

Turning my gaze away, I look back at the chessboard. "Anything could be happening. This could be humans killing other humans, then still others blame the demons and lynch them, or demons could be the culprits, or perhaps a mixture of both. I know there's still some anti-demon sentiment in the city, but to think either side would go so far..."

Cassiel swallows audibly. "Well, I've talked to demons and humans alike. Both blame the other for the murders and disappearances. The demons I spoke to claimed the humans were killing demons because of irrational fear and paranoia, while the humans claimed the demons were murdering humans and their fellow demons because... well... because demons are animals with no morality."

"Sounds like both sides are running scared," I say, heaving a great sigh.

I crawl on the bed and gently lay on Cassiel's wing beside her, pushing my hands under my head to stare up at the ceiling as well. "Are you doing okay, Cass? It sounds like you're taking these murders to heart. They aren't your fault, you know."

As I expected, Cassiel sighs intensely and opens her eyes. "I mean, of course, they aren't my fault... but people have stopped looking at me as a person. They're treating me like a perfect arbiter of justice. Everyone expects me to solve these murders, but I don't know what I'm doing!" She pauses and clutches her chest. "Shoot, everyone I spoke to had some question they wanted me to answer or some wisdom they expected me to dole out... one man even wanted me to choose the punishment for a thief who stole from his shop. I don't know how to do any of that stuff..."

_Cassiel is having a rough time._ I gaze at the ceiling silently, thinking about how selfish I've been over the last few days. I can't stop thinking about Samantha and worrying about her getting into trouble or whatever the sentence will be for her behavior. While I've been thinking about her, Cassiel's been out on her own, dealing with expectations she can't handle yet. I remember when I created this city, and I had no idea what I was doing. I tried to make a working monarchic government, and I suppose I succeeded, but my stupid actions sparked a war inside the Labyrinth.

I've been trying to deal with the repercussions of my choices as a leader, and Cassiel is quickly being shaped by public opinion into a role she isn't ready for. It's no wonder Cass is distressed. She's in the same position I was just a few months ago.

"I wish you'd asked me sooner, Cass. I'd have helped you track down whoever's causing trouble. You didn't have to go at it alone."

She doesn't respond, and when I turn to look at her, I spot tears in her eyes. "J... Jason..."

Jerking up in the bed, I turn to look at her. "What?! Was it something I said? I'm sorry!"

She looks away and wipes her eyes with her arm. "No, it's- it's not that. I'm just glad that you care. Every time I think about someone hurting that little girl, it makes me sick on the inside. It reminds me of what Gressil did to me, and then everyone expects me to be strong and wise, but I'm an idiot! I don't know what I'm doing at all! If I can't even help one little girl... I'm worthless."

_Jesus_. I didn't realize just how much all of this was affecting Cass. Reaching over, I grip her hand in mine. "The fact you went out to help everyone but didn't think to ask me for help proves that you're coming out of your shell, Cass. I'll help you now, but you shouldn't insult yourself like that. Not many people could go through what you have and stay relatively whole as a person, let alone be so kind and forgiving. If it had been me in that prison cell, I'd probably have snapped long ago. You have to look at your strengths, not your weaknesses. That's what everyone else is doing; you just don't see it yet."

She sniffles, so I create a handkerchief and give it to her. After she wipes her nose, she sighs again. "Thanks, Jason. I don't know what I'd do without you."

I snicker under my breath. "Evidently you'd try and solve a mass murder on your own. Your problem is that you think I'm smart, but don't realize I'm pretty dumb too. I've made a lot of mistakes over the last ten years I spent in the Labyrinth, and I'll continue to screw up. Once you realize that nobody has any idea what the future holds, you can stop judging yourself so harshly."

Cass doesn't smile back. "I'm serious. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't have the energy to heal thousands at once, I wouldn't have a role model for what it means to be a leader, I'd be all alone in a foreign world I didn't understand, and none of that would matter anyway, since I'd still be locked up. Without you... I'd be nothing."

I can't respond. My brain locks up, as I gaze at her beautiful form, lying on the bed. Her eyes meet mine, and I feel a deep sadness mixing with a profound happiness. Specters from her past may always haunt her, but she's working every fiber of her body to improve herself. What have I been doing for these last few days? Moping around and playing chess in a poorly lit room? How can I be worried when I barely know the meaning of suffering? If Cassiel can have such a sharp mind after everything she's been through, I have no excuse.

"Hey, Cass. Let's go and find that murderer, together."

Her eyes widen slightly. "Really? You want to help? But what about, erm, Samantha? Weren't you going to play Chess until she-"

"Pff, it's just a stupid board game." I quickly wave off her concerns and tug her hand, pulling her into a sitting position. "I'd rather help you out than mope around like some loser. Come on, with my Wordsmithing and your incredible intellect; we can crack this case wide open, Doctor Watson."

Cassiel's innocent gaze shifts as her eyes narrow. "Are you mocking me?"

"Nope." I smile sweetly and lean in, kissing her softly. "I could never make fun of you. I love you too much."

Blushing, she rubs her wing that I was laying on to stir some feeling back into it. "Yeah, I know. Thanks, Jason."

"Anything for you, Cass."

............................................................................

"Mister Beelzebub, sir! Hello!" A voice from the door makes me roll my eyes. And here I was hoping this would be the one day she wouldn't drop by. Quickly, I compress the clothes inside my suitcase and zip it up, hiding it under the bed. While I'm not fond of human creations, the function of the 'zipper' is quite fascinating to me. I wonder how the humans thought to make the little pins click in and out of place when the metal flap pulls up and down? Perhaps I've missed a few areas where humans deserve some praise, but those are few and far between.

Once my suitcase is hidden, and I've pulled the covers down to hide it, I groan inwardly. "Yes, Rosalia, you may enter." The young demoness steps inside and her outfit makes me scrunch my face up. "What is that dress?"

"Hmm? This thing? I found it on sale at a flea market! Isn't it pretty?" She pirouettes and allows the red dress, with its many folds and frills to fan out. While indeed it is a 'cute' dress, especially for a precocious young thing like her, it's also _gaudy_.

"Of _course_ you'd purchase such a thing from a place riddled with fleas." I curl up my lip in disgust. "You should stick to maid outfits. They suit you better. That scarlet fabric looks like something a spoiled bratty princess would wear."

Immediately, she stops spinning and stares at me, a look of awe on her face. I can almost swear I see stars in her eyes. "M-mister Beelzebub, sir... you think I look like a princess?"

"No! That isn't what I said!" Before I can protest further, she spins around again, clapping merrily about my ' _praise_.' She's an absolute airhead.

"Beelzebub thinks I'm pretty! Hooray!" She stops suddenly and blushes. "If you think I'm pretty, then does that mean you'd take me as a mate?"

_Guh_. I can hardly contain my disgust. "Certainly not. I care more about power and prestige than I do such pathetic trifles as 'love.' Besides, humans mate to produce offspring, but only Broodmothers can create imps, so there's no point aside from formality and combining the power of two demons. Since you lack any semblance of prestige or power, I'd never consider it."

"Oh..." Her happiness deflates as depression takes hold. The moment barely lasts as another enthusiastic smile appears. "So if I become a mighty demon, you'd take me as a mate?"

Her question gives me pause. "Well, you are rather plain-looking. Even if Belial herself wished for such a privilege, I'd refuse on principle." Another second passes as I examine her. "Have you grown taller?"

Rosalia twirls her finger around a ribbon wrapped around her waist. "Well, um, actually..."

I glance down and notice something else. "New shoes. Designed to increase your height, I presume. The sort of falsification I've come to expect from human clothing."

Her expression lights up. "Human clothes are wonderful! You should think more highly of them!"

"I'd say they're more along the lines of 'tacky.' In any case, why did you come to bother me? I'm quite busy."

"Why _did_ I?" She taps her lip for a moment before remembering the reason. "Oh! I wanted to ask if you were busy next week! There's a festival in the city and I, um..." She suddenly freezes as a look of guilt crosses over her face. "W-well, I wanted to know if you would, err, that is- if you'd like to come with me..."

_Oh, seven devils_. It's like that, is it? "You want me to go with you to the festival?"

"Well, um, you don't have to..." She lowers her head to stare at my feet. "I guess I'm not pretty enough for you."

"You've got that right." Grumbling to myself, I decide I might as well come clean. I reach under the bed and pull my suitcase out. "I'm leaving this city and returning to the Labyrinth. My recent experiments have proven very fruitful, and now I have a path to embark upon. I doubt we'll ever see each other again."

"What?! You're leaving?" Her voice strains as she stares at the suitcase. "B-but why? Why would you leave? I thought you were stuck here!"

"I thought the same too, but that's what my experiments have proven. I'm freer than I originally thought, and I have a goal now, something to work toward. As for yourself, you can stay behind. You were barely adequate as a housekeeper, and I won't require your services any longer."

My quick dismissal renders her unable to speak. I grab the suitcase from my bed, and she gawks in silence as I push past her. If only she'd come ten minutes later, she wouldn't even know where I was going. So much for a stealthy exit.

Before I can reach for the door handle, she grabs at my jacket sleeve. "Wait, Mister Beelzebub! I don't want you to go! I..." She stammers for a moment before continuing. "...I love you! I don't care if you don't like me at all! I don't care if you won't return my feelings! Can't I stay by your side? I'll follow you anywhere!"

I quickly yank my arm away and scowl. "Absolutely not. You speak above your position. Having you around will make me look weak and ineffective, and that is not the impression I wish to project. Not after what I'm about to do. Stay here, and live among the humans. It's all you're good for."

The young girl stares up at me, tears in her eyes. "How can you be so cruel...?"

"Cruel? If you think my honesty is 'cruel,' then you haven't an idea what lies in wait for you in the game of life. You're pathetic, and as long as you stay like that, nobody will ever care about you. Goodbye, Rosalia."

I step through the door and leave the insect to cry and wallow in misery in her room. As I thought, if my dismissal had this much impact on her, she'd be worthless for my plans.

And _what a future_ it's going to be.

"Heh heh heh..." I chuckle as I stroll outside.

_Goodbye, humans. Hello, glory._
