Part 373a - Styx And Stones

It doesn't get any easier. I always think to myself that after hundreds of years of war and battle, the sight of mounds of bodies will finally stop disturbing me, but it doesn't. There's just a big difference between killing a planet full of people whom you can't see die, and walking onto a fresh field of bodies.

Heaven is... ruined. Completely ruined. The grass that once shone weirdly blue is now burned, with fires far in the distance that I can't even make out. The air is choked with smoke. Angels and demons lie in haphazard piles, each corpse telling a story of its own, of quick battles won in a decisive instant, or long battles that ended in a hard earned victory.

Victory... is this a victory? Without a doubt, the demons won this battle. Hell, they probably won the war. How long will it take the angels to regain their former numbers? Even so, if this is what Satan's end goal was, he truly is the Devil.

Well, I'm a hypocrite. He wanted to, and has all but succeeded in exterminating the angels, while I fully intended to exterminate the Volgrim. I guess I can't fault his logic.

"Jason!"

A male voice in the distance calls out, pulling me away from my thoughts. I squint, even using my Hypersuit's enhanced zoom to hunt for the source, but nothing is immediately visible as the speaker. Only once my positional audio tracking locates the voice does a red dot appear, making me turn slightly to the side. Probably a half mile away, I spot him. An angel, one wing missing, leaning on a long staff, with blood covering his body.

I don't bother trying to walk or run over the bodies, it would take too long. Instead I use my innate site-to-site teleportation and appear next to him instantly, startling the poor guy and making him topple over.

"Sorry. I forget most people aren't used to-" I find my words cut short by the sight that greets me. A half dozen angels are lying on the ground or sitting, all of them in various states of agony. Most of them are mortally wounded and won't have much longer to live if I don't heal them. Unfortunately, I expended most of my remaining energy that I took from the last container, and now there's almost nothing left.

"Oh... you're here." A weak voice speaks and I turn and gawk. Uzziel is being cradled by two other angels. Huge gashes are spread all over her chest, arm, and legs. There are hints of more damage poking out from the backside of her body. These didn't look to me like they had intent to kill, but rather that they were made to inflict maximum suffering.

"Uzziel." I breathe the name out and quickly kneel down. "Stay still. I'll heal you."

Before I can wordsmith, she raises her hand slightly. "Don't... bother. There's no point."

"Of course there is. I'll save as many angels as I can." My gaze hardens as I stare at her. "Don't get mopey with me."

"Jason... there's really no point. You don't understand. They're all gone. All the purebloods... I'm the last one."

Her eyes tear up, but she doesn't have the strength to wipe her eyes. A female angel next to her pulls up part of her bloodstained robe to dab at Uzziel's eyes for her.

"All of them? Every last one?"

"Yes. Even Gabriel... and Zeus. All gone. We lost. Maybe a hundred angels are left, and all are pseudo-angels except me. This is it."

She coughs dryly but doesn't seem to care about the pain. "I sent a few of the converted humans to look for survivors, but they're few, and nearly all badly injured. Even if you save us... there's no point."

I gently put my hand on her shoulder. "You can't think like that. Once humans die again, the pseudo-angels will be replenished. You are an archangel, you can lead them."

She stares at me, and I feel a deep sense of hollowness sent with just a gaze. "Jason... look around you. Think carefully. Earth was destroyed. Where are the billions of replacements?"

It takes me a moment, but slowly I feel a sense of dread come over me. "The resurrection project. It's... gone?"

She closes her eyes and shudders. "Yes. Gabriel was one of the three archangels who created the resurrection project. He was possibly more powerful than Zeus. He sacrificed himself to save what left of our kind. With his death, the project ended."

I slowly sink back and sit down, bowing my head. "This can't be real. Everything... it's all happening like it's been preordained. Earth is gone, the angels are crushed..."

Uzziel surprises me by giggling, a cute feminine sound that is cut short by blood in her throat. "You're funny. Jason, you could save us, but there's no point. All the humans who prayed to us were in the Church of Retribution. They died when Earth was destroyed. We can't replenish our numbers, and we can't regain energy as needed. We're... doomed."

Immediately I lock eyes with her. "Not so. Don't be fatalist. If I can pull out of a crushing depression, so can you. My clones and I have colossal amounts of energy. We can easily keep a hundred angels alive. Just a fraction of my energy would overwhelm all standing here now."

I don't bother telling her that I know this due to Cassiel in the future I come from. Cassiel was a good test subject. Her powers were overwhelming after the amount of energy I gave her. Between all of my clones and myself, I easily dwarf what I had available in the future.

"I don't want that. None of us do." Uzziel slowly reaches her hand over and rests it on mine. "I lost everyone I cared about. All my friends, my brothers, my sisters... they're gone. I don't want to live forever by myself."

"You don't have to. I'll be here. All these angels around you will be your new family."

Her smile brightens. "That's sweet of you... and in the past, I must admit I enjoyed being around you. I even felt a certain feeling when you came up here. I'm glad... to call you friend. But it's not enough, Jason. They're all gone now. I just... can't. I can't do it."

A lump begins to form in my throat, one that won't go away no matter how much I swallow. "Are... are you telling me to let you die? I... can't just do that."

"You can. And you will." She pulls her hand away from mine and her expression becomes more stern. "I am far older than you, Jason. I have the right to choose when I pass on. I know there is nothing but sleep for me... and I welcome it."

"That's it, then? We just part ways here?" I feel incredulous at this point. "What am I supposed to do?"

"You can't stop the future, Jason. Every time you've tried, you've failed. The future is inevitable. It's a hurricane, and you're a tree. You might dig your roots in, but eventually it will tear you from the ground and take you where it wishes. There's no preventing that which has already been decided."

I want to protest... but my mind goes back to Benjamin Brown. It was as if reality itself had to invent new ways to kill him. Almost fifty separate incidents nearly lead to his death, before an accidental electrocution ended his existence. If the universe wanted him dead, then perhaps there really was no way to stop him from dying.

"So this is it, then. Goodbye..."

Uzziel's breath catches in her throat. "W-wait. There's... one more thing. Gabriel, Raphael, and Michael... their rings. I have them."

Her words make me cease to breathe for a moment. "All three of them?"

"Yes. The demons, luckily, failed to take the rings of the archangels from Gabriel when he impaled himself. If they had known the powers these rings held, perhaps our luck would be worse." Uzziel reaches forwards with her other arm, one that's badly gashed up and shows me the three rings she's wearing. "Take them. I can't safeguard my brothers any longer. They would want you to have them."

I reach over and hold her hand, gently plucking the rings from her fingers, one by one. "I understand. I'll take good care of them." My hand hesitates as I notice a fourth ring. "This... this is yours?"

"Yes." She smiles at me sweetly. "As a dying woman, I have only one last wish. I want for you to have my ring as well."

"Oh." I reach up and wipe my forehead. "I don't know... look, why not just let me heal you? You can keep their rings, and when they eventually awaken, you can speak with them again."

"They won't." She whispers it matter-of-factly. "They will only awaken when the time is right. Only when the need is great."

Great. She won't let me save her... no matter what I do.

This sucks.

"Take it with you now." She keeps her hand clasped in mine and gives a light squeeze. "Take my ring with you. When I perish, I will be with you, always."

Her sudden burst of emotion catches me off guard, and I glance up at the faces of the other angels nearby. All of them, naturally are human converts, but they seem to be attached to her. I can tell with a single glance that she is special to them. None of them wants to see her go.

"Fine. I'll do it."

It hurts. The fact that I'm going to let her die means that I've effectively given up, but she's right. At least, with her logic. I can't tell a woman who wants to die that she has to stay alive. She lost everyone she cared about. Forcing her to live in loneliness would only prolong her suffering.

"On one condition. I'm going to save any pseudo-angels that want to stay alive."

She smiles weakly. "I knew you'd say that. You're such a kind human."

I reach down and pull on her ring. "How will I know when you pass?"

"You'll know." She seems unusually reserved, but I'm not sure why.

I pull the ring off and a moment later, she gasps in pain as a surge of energy floods over into the ring in my hand. Her back arches up, and then she flops back down, her eyes fluttering briefly.

"Thank... you... Jason..."

Her eyes close, and then all goes still.

I... I feel so guilty. She didn't tell me merely removing the ring would kill her. Perhaps she lied, knowing that I wouldn't do it if I suspected the truth.

A female angel wipes at her eyes. "We tried to reason with her. We loved her, you know. She wasn't like the other purebloods. She always treated converts as equals. She always called us her good friends..."

I reach over and put my hand on the girl's shoulder. "Don't be sad. She's still alive, here in this ring, and someday, I'll make sure she is with her brothers again."

This seems to comfort the girl, and I quickly stand up and heal everyone around me. "If any of you wants to die, you'll have to do it on your own time. I've lost enough friends today. Come with me and I'll make a safe place for you."

They all nod reluctantly as broken limbs stitch back together and wings repair themselves. "This is the least I can do."

...............................................

"It is done!" Hades smiled triumphantly inside of Satan. "A shame we could not finish before the Earth was destroyed, but more humans will surely die over the next few years."

"I can't believe you succeeded. I thought it would take the power of all the archangels." Satan stared at the filthy green river flowing before him. At that moment it was just a trickle, but someday it would be a raging torrent.

"It's not a matter of power or energy. In order to create a system for capturing souls, a death of incredible power, or a torrent of smaller deaths must occur at the same time. This was how Michael's death allowed us to create the resurrection system. He amassed significant power over his lifetime, getting people to pray to him, then he died and released the energy all at once. It was a flawless performance."

"And yet you betrayed him, in the end." Satan smiled to himself. _As I willed you to do._

"I know not why I did it, but it felt satisfying." Hades murmured softly to himself. "Your power and methods are exemplary. You are a superior being compared to the gods and archangels."

"Oh, geez, the praise is too much." Satan waved his hand in the air. "You're making me blush."

"I find that hard to believe." The dark archangel simmered quietly. "One approaches. A familiar scent."

"Mmm." Satan straightened up and tilted his head over towards the approaching visitor. "Marie. What are you doing here?"

The redheaded human moved gracefully across the ground, crinkling her nose at the putrid green river. "Satan, what in the seven hells is this filth? I didn't know this labyrinth came equipped with a sewer system, nor that you were fond of inhaling its odors." She pinched her nose and breathed through her mouth for a moment, before sticking her tongue out in disgust. "Blech. I can practically taste death in my mouth."

"I can understand why. This is a river to trap souls, after all." Satan waved his hand in the air, flopping it around at the scene before him. "Welcome to the River Styx."

Marie raised an eyebrow with obvious interest. "Something about that name tells me it's not a sewer system."

"Indeed, it is not." Satan's face grew serious as he contemplated the muck flowing just in front of him. "This is my backup plan."

"Hmm?" Marie walked up beside him and nudged him in the arm, even while keeping her nose pinched. "Do go on, but make it snappy. Every second here brings me closer to death."

"Jason Hiro had several predictions regarding the future. Contrary to his desires, all of them have come true." Satan licked his lips as he stared emptily forwards. "There is only one prediction left."

"Your death. I've heard."

"Yes. My death. If things keep up, I may just die soon. I don't know when, and I don't know how, but it may happen. If I should pass, the forces of Hell will be leaderless, and lost. My careful manipulation that has created elite fighting forces will fall to pieces."

"Mmm. How so?"

Satan scratched his chin, slowly twisting a long strand of hair through his fingers before plucking it out. "I have been able to take the souls of those who die, those not taken to Heaven, and feed their essence to select minions. I have been able to do this thanks to the help of... a friend. For thousands of years, I have given the souls only to those whom I believed would be able to acquire great power. It has taken a toll on me."

Marie seemed unconvinced. "You look fine to me." She grimaced as the acrid fumes were making her eyes water and her throat dry. _Just get on with it._

"Not a physical toll, but a mental one. Being a monarch for thousands of years, one that my people have come to fully rely on, has not been easy. I have made costly mistakes that resulted in the deaths of millions, even billions of demons. The guilt weighs on me."

Marie smiled slightly. "Sounds like you plan to die."

"On the contrary." Satan's eyes lit up as he jerked his head to stare at the puny human. "I intend to ascend and leave behind the fears and desires of mortals. This river will continue to do the work of collecting souls. I will leave the trivial matter of deciding who has earned their evolution to my third in command, Diablo. He is one of my most intelligent generals."

Marie stared at the massive demon carefully. "By 'ascend', you mean..."

"You're an intelligent female. If not now, someday you will figure it out."

"I see." Marie turned away from him to stare at the river. _I have no idea what this crimson baboon is babbling about._

Satan turned away from the woman. "Once I ascend, I will become an unstoppable force. Only I am capable of this ascension, due to my unique characteristics. Once I take my place as the god of this universe, none will stand in my way."

"What then?" Marie sent a curious glance his way. "Don't you think you'll be bored, after a while?"

"Why would I be bored?" Satan's jaw slackened as he stared at her. "Having unlimited power will be a thrilling feeling, one unlike any other. I will be the first, the last, the omega and the almighty."

"I won't pretend to know what such a feeling is like... but I can only imagine it will be lonely." Marie finally released her nose and sighed deeply, ignoring the fumes she had started to grow used to. "I don't know what you're planning, but I hope for both our sakes you stay sane. Power like what you're talking about can drive a man to incredible fits of irrationality. You might destroy the universe."

"That would be a blessing, in many ways. The universe is full of filth. Humans, Angels, Demons, Volgrim... not a shred of decency among any of us. We would be lucky to be eradicated. Perhaps some alien species exists, far beyond where our eyes can ever hope to see, one that would be able to right the wrongs we've committed."

Marie smirked as she turned to walk away. "Now that, my dear devil, would be a feat worthy of a god. I should like to see that happen someday."

Satan remained silent, and soon she was at the door. "Nice talk, First Emperor. I hope this river thing works out for you. You're a more interesting man than any I've met before."

She left, and soon the Devil was alone with the dark archangel once more.

"It will all be for naught if he succeeds. I must make sure to survive long enough to see this through. If he comes up with a way to kill me, it's all over."

"You won't die so easily." The voice inside of Satan spoke with a tinge of pride. "That human hasn't a hundredth the will you possess."

Satan closed his eyes as an image of a young girl appeared within. "He is not the menace I fear most."