Part 216a

Representative Saburo sat atop the highest seat facing the other varying nation members of the new WCN, the Worldwide Cooperative of Nations that had replaced the United Nations from a year before. Ever since the riots and uprisings around the world in the previous year, several key figureheads of the world's top leaders, senators, and other representatives had been locked up or killed in the streets, with the people instituting their own leaders who were now seated around the large theater, speaking quietly to their nearby seated neighbors on issues of varying importance.

Saburo was the representative for Egypt, an otherwise mostly neutral nation who had already had their previous dictator killed in the early 2010's. However, in 2019, it was now a prosperous nation with a rapidly building military, a strong agriculture, and strong borders. Due to its neutrality, the representative of Egypt was chosen to lead the Worldwide Cooperative of Nations on matters of public interest around the world.

"Order. A call to order, please." Saburo smacked his gavel down as the loud whispering and chattering quieted down around the room. He stroked his youthful chin quietly with his left hand as he picked up a small set of papers with his right. "We will now bring the 24th weekly meeting of the WCN to its beginning. Member nations, we have some important matters to attend to on matters of trade. I've heard that the former world power, the USA, has been exercising a bit too much force against their trading partner, Russia."

The new prime minister of Russia spoke up, his voice being translated in real time to text on screens in front of all the other delegates in their native language. All languages were cross translated in real time now, allowing for ease of speaking, though errors and miscommunications did still happen as machines were not perfect at conveying nuances of human speech, at least for now.

"The new president has been very impolite in how he deals with my country. I am not fond of the way he treats us, and I think he had better apologize to us if he wishes to continue with the free trade deal we agreed upon." Prime Minister Victor Sokolov glared across the room at the new president of the USA, Steven Johannesburg, who had won the hastily put-together election campaign of 2018 with only 36% of the vote after the riots of the two previous years had calmed down and the citizens hungered for a new leader to replace the previous one.

Steven coughed as he shuffled some notes on his desk. Widely seen as a weak and ineffective leader since his inauguration, he was more adept at economic strategies and public speeches than he was at trade negotiations and matters of war. "Minister Sokolov, these allegations are false. A submarine wandered into your waters, and we quickly pulled them out of the way. We were not attempting to harass you, and I most certainly apologize for any, erm, any accidental provocation it may have seemed like. It was certainly not my inten-..."

Victor cut him off. "Nonsense! When all the people of the nations are looking down on you in this room, you act as though it was an accident, but you and I both know that submarine was there to cause an international incident! You still think your nation can get away with provoking other countries to war, yet you forget how far and how quickly you've fallen!"

Steven wiped his brow with the back of his hand. _Damn, it's hot as hell in here. God, I hope it isn't just me._ He silently thought this to himself, as the hundred plus eyes in the room bore down on him. Seated at the front of the room, at the bottom of the amphitheater with the other first world countries, it was easy to feel their eyes boring into his back. "L-like I said, I've apologized, and it won't happen again. What more can I do to put you at ease?"

Minister Sokolov merely glared at him for a few moments before looking away. "Very well. Make sure it does not happen again. In front of all these member nations, I'm warning you now to keep out of Russian waters."

Representative Saburo swallowed quietly as he watched the minor spat break out. Nuclear proliferation hadn't quite been reduced since the last two years of riots, and the possibility of WWIII was always on the horizon.

"Now that we've gotten that out of the way, let's move on the the next, ah, order of business." Saburo reached for a paper in front of himself titled "Resolving the remaining conflicts in the Middle East", but as he reached for it, there was a sudden massive flash of light in the middle of the room, instantly blinding everyone, as if someone had thrown a flash-bang grenade.

Saburo yelped in surprise, as did many others. For a few moments, there was chaos as people screamed in pain. Finally, as people blinked back tears and whipped their heads all over the room, searching for the source of the light, they all quickly fixated their attention on something baffling that they had never seen before.

In the middle of the room, hovering in midair, as if he were Superman or something, a man adorned all in white levitated silently. He wore a pure white helmet that covered his entire head, some sort of pure white body armor that appeared to be like a body suit, had white boots and silken white gloves, and wore a white cape. Across the front of his shirt, in gold, there was the image of an eagle screaming with its wings outspread dramatically. Saburo at first did not see the front of the man, as his front was aimed at the delegates in the auditorium, but when he glanced over at the TV monitor showing him hovering mere feet from the Head Stand that Saburo sat at, it was impossible to miss.

The man's helmet slid to the side, revealing just his mouth and chin. His arms crossed, the man spoke in an impossibly loud booming voice, as if he had somehow amplified his ability to speak to levels similar to that of a PA system.

"Citizens of the world, leaders of all countries on this planet, and honored delegates. I am a time traveler from the distant future. My name is not important, but you may call me the _Judicator_. I have come back in time to deliver justice on behalf of the human race, in an effort to prevent our near-total extermination. Whether or not you choose to believe me is up to you."

The man's opening statement caused dozens of jaws to noticeably slacken and mouths to slightly open. _Who the hell was this guy?_