Part 150 - Extermination

"Heh, Tvoorik, isn't this the best?" I grin as I look over at my bestest buddy. He doesn't return the smile.

"Quiet down. We're still just guards, you know. We're just waiting to be minced into pieces by the filthy meatbags."

I waved him off. "Oh come on, you're always such a fuddy-duddy. The humans have been losing badly for weeks! Their Hero deserted them and without his clones around, the Grez are mopping up!"

Tvoorik shook his head. "Clearly three evolutions in a row hasn't done you any favors in the brain department. Listen, stupid, that's what _they_ want you to think."

I rolled my eyes. Fuck's sake, not this again.

Tvoorik continued. "Ylvusk, listen, I've got it all figured out. Now that we're shadow-walkers, the commanders are going to start issuing dangerous orders to us. They know we know that they know we know too much, you copy? So they're going to start ordering us to infiltrate the enemy's base or some crazy shit like that. Once we do, BAM! We get murdered and nobody ever finds out what we know."

"For crying out loud! I swear, you'll believe any conspiracy theory. What's next, the demons are supplying the humans with top secret weaponry to destabilize the labyrinth so they can remove more of our demonic freedoms?"

Tvoorik grinned and nodded intently. "Now you're beginning to understand."

I slapped my face into my palm. This moron...

Tvoorik stiffened suddenly. "Quiet... I _feel_ something."

I slowly moved my face away from my hand and waited. I could feel something too. A rumbling, deep in the Earth. Steadily growing more and more noticeable. Soon, in the distance, I could hear the sound of a slow but steady rumbling, and it was coming this way.

"Tvoorik, warn the guards. Gather the orcs."

He and I quickly activated our invisibility abilities, blending into the shadows. We ran back the short distance to the others. "Something's approaching, and whatever it is, I don't think it's friendly." Tvoorik whispered to the orc commander. However, if it really was those filthy humans, we had a surprise in store for them.

We have a Duke here. The Duke of Reptiles, to be exact. His Evilness, Agares.

...................................................................

He appeared as an old man, but rode atop his crocodile, which he aptly named Crocomire. "I can sense them coming. These humans are different from the ones we've fought before. Be on the alert, they may have... evolved new weapons..."

Agares' eyes narrowed as he eyeballed the corridor up ahead. The noise was unmistakable now. It was the sound of slow moving but very heavy and loud footsteps. He remembered something now, an old tale Satan had told him about humans who were given room to expand, and the disastrous consequences for angelkind, as well as demonkind.

_We're not the monsters. Humanity is. Parasites that destroy all other life. Pure evil._

Agares had never forgotten Satan's words. And now, he realized those words were seconds away from being proven true.

...................................................................

I stared in awe from the shadows, along with Tvoorik. A massive series of metallic monsters appeared from around the bend. They had bright glowing eyes that shot out beams of light, illuminating all they gazed upon. Their forms were decidedly humanoid, though massive. They all stood at least 7 feet tall. While slow... they looked tough. Really tough.

I spoke to Tvoorik with telepathy. _We won't be of any use here. Let's wait until the action starts, then split._

Tvoorik carefully nodded, his body and mine invisible unless we moved. As shadow-walkers, stealth is our most important ability. Thanks to the intel we gave to Diablo (Against Tvoorik's judgement), we were gifted with forced evolutions as a reward for our... 'bravery'. I mean, we hid and cowered in fear, but if they wanted to give us evolutions, I was not going to refuse!

Suddenly, just as the clankers came into view, I gasped audibly as explosions lit up the corridor. I couldn't tell what was happening, but before the orcs could even charge into battle, they were being felled left and right!

"Satan the Devil! We need to get the heaven out of here!" I grabbed Tvoorik and we split, as the screams of agony filled the corridor.

"Retreat!" Agares yelled at the top of his lungs. It hadn't been even a minute yet, and he was ordering the retreat?! What the heaven?! What did these humans do to get so strong?!

As we ran Tvoorik turned towards me, with a knowing grin. " _What did I tell you?_ It starts from the top."

That idiot.