Part 149 - Coronation

After examining the new weapons and verifying that the Replicator is working, we all go out and have a nice final meal in the Great Hall. This will likely be the last time I see other people for a long time, as I'm going into the labyrinth and don't intend to come out for a long time.

Cody treats us to a fine, lavish meal, all freshly farmed from a world used almost entirely for raising cattle that he had liberated a few years ago. He calls it "Food World Alpha" which drives me insane, but oh well! It's pretty clear that I'm the only human with any ability to name things accurately.

As we eat, I find myself thinking about other things again. After I crown Cody as king, I have to leave. While it would honestly be more useful to simply leave the two girls behind, I don't want to see them crying or anything else like that, plus I've grown attached to Cassiel. Samantha, well, I'm sure she'd be fine, but Cody has spoken to me about her abilities. She may actually be extremely useful in the labyrinth.

I turn to Cody and silently beckon for him to follow me. We both get up from the table and leave the room. I feel eyes on us, but nobody gets up to follow. Good.

We arrive in a quiet room around the corner, and I close the door. " _Muffle_."

I cast muffling spells at all four walls and doors, just in case. Cody looks concerned, but that will be cleared up soon enough.

"Colonel Cody... listen, I have something to tell you. It's about your coronation. You need to be aware... when I was speaking with Adams, or his clone, or whichever one it was... it wasn't just him and Hope that plotted against me. There were several nobles that were at the table when I was knocked out. I knew very few of them. And I wasn't paying attention while I was there so I had forgotten who the ones I knew were."

Cody nodded. "Alright. That is about as I suspected."

I paused. "You knew?"

He shrugged as he leaned back in his chair. "Yes. A few of them approached me within what I suspect was a few hours of the incident. They wanted my help keeping quiet about a certain incident. At the time, I didn't know what they were talking about, but after your return, I pieced it together."

He glanced away and smiled thinly. "And with a bit of... coercion... I managed to dig up the names of hopefully all the conspirators."

I frowned. "Coercion?"

He grinned. "You know... torture."

I blanched. "Ah, yeah, of course. Well, I hope you didn't take it too far."

"Nah, don't worry about them. I made their deaths quick and painless." He waved his hand at me. "Treason is a capital crime, you know. Especially when it goes against the best interests of our entire species."

Well... I can't say he's wrong. It's not something Adams would have done but... well, Adams was murdered so... maybe his way wasn't always the right way.

"You did what you had to. A leader has to make tough choices." Yeah, that made sense. I'll leave it at that.

Cody stood up. "Is that it then? Anything else to say before you head off?"

I paused. Many things immediately came to mind. However, only one seemed to matter.

" _King_ Cody. For the good of humanity... stay safe... and good luck."

...................................................................

The ceremony, as hastily thrown together as it was... was marvelous. I decided to give Cody an official Crown, and the duplicate crown of Solomon, found in Adams' belongings, was a perfect match.

I actually added some jewels and gems just to make it look a bit more kingly. Unnecessary, but I liked it!

Afterwards, I went home with my ladies and we packed up some stuff. Hoarhiim's orb has been safely in my storage void for a while now. I might as well just keep him there forever, until I can find something out.

His orb is still warm. After ten years, there hasn't been a sign of life in it, but I still feel hope every time I touch it. I won't let my first friend die so easily. _I refuse_.

Just as we're about to leave, Samantha grabs me. "Hey, before we head out, why not have a little fun first? This'll be the last time we get to enjoy a nice warm bed for a long while, don't you think?"

I sigh as Cassiel nods enthusiastically. It's not like I'm mad or anything.