Part 038: Hero

I continued falling. I fell for a very long time.

As I fell, I thought of many things. I don't know why I was brought here. I don't know what made me end up in this hellish world. But I knew it wasn't right. This world itself... was not right.

It's been a short time since I arrived, but I have been gaining power and abilities quickly. I never felt satisfied by it though. I do not desire power, I do not desire wealth. Despite my first inclinations, I don't even want to rule this place or anything silly like that.

But when I see that river of souls flowing beneath me, I realize that there is one thing I could do. I could release the denizens trapped in this place. I could do something to alleviate their eternal suffering.

But for right now, I just don't know what.

...

As I fall, I gradually pick up speed. The whiteness around me starts to fade and my body turns in flight as the ground rushes towards me. Below me sits a familiar room, lost for an eternity in my mind. Yes, that's right, I remember now. I was facing Bahamut here. She had challenged me, and I defeated her with my own knowledge.

As I fell, I realized I was falling towards my own body. I was still standing in the original spot. One hand was slipping that ring on my finger, that ring that had taken me to Gabriel.

Suddenly, I was back to reality.

I jerked my head up with a start. I felt very disoriented, Around me, everything was as it looked before. "Huh? Am I back?"

It was a stupid question. Of course I was back. But I had been gone so long that I had forgotten what reality felt like. Amelia was looking up at me eagerly, then her face turned to disappointment.

"Did anything happen? Come on, you can tell me! I'll keep it a secret!" She jumped up and down excitedly.

"Ah... how long... have I been standing here with this ring on my finger?" I looked around. I couldn't tell at all.

"I don't know, like, 5 seconds? Do you feel stronger or anything??" She kept looking at the ring and back up to my face and back down to the ring again while bounding on her toes lightly. "Well?? Did that ring do anything legendary?"

So it would appear that it had all happened in the blink of an eye. In the span of only a second or two, I had gone to a heavenly place, spoken with a Supreme Deity, and then returned, but to me it had felt like a few eons. If time flies when you are having fun, then does time crawl when doing something monumental?

I turned back to Bahamut. She was staring at the ground. A look of great sadness on her face. When she realized I was looking at her, she raised her head and stared, not at me, but at the ring on my finger. She spoke now, far more quietly than before, and not in my mind either.

"So... you've returned. Since you aren't dead... you must have passed."

I nodded. "He must have been the Archangel Gabriel. The one spoken of in the book of Daniel. What is the significance of this ring?"

She finally smiled again, though it was a faint, listless smile. "That is for you to find out. When I had put the ring on, an eternity ago... I failed his test. He never spoke to me again. But in the time that I knew of him... it was ecstasy."

Bahamut slumped to the floor in defeat and stared at the ground listlessly.

"There's no more point continuing. You must truly be a fearsome hero of myth. You not only guessed the answer to a riddle that has vexed champions and kings, you did so effortlessly, and then you passed Gabriel's test. There's no point in going on with the other two tests."

I was taken aback. After all that big deal she had made, she was going to just cancel the tests? "You're pathetic." I spat this at her and she jerked her head up angrily. "Giving up after a single failing. If you were truly a god, you should be filled with shame. What I witnessed inside the ring was truly a magnificent specter. Compared to the Archangel, you are weak. You are pitiful."

An idea formed in my head. Turning around suddenly, I began to speak to the throng of people.

_"Repent ye therefore, and be converted, that your sins may be blotted out, when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord_ "

Saying this, a powerful image appeared above me. A great phantom. Gabriel himself, in a far smaller, yet still terrifyingly awesome form, appeared. He was hundreds of feet tall, reaching up to the ceiling I could not see above me. He spoke now.

" **Ye who have summoned me, I have come to bring forth a cleansing, a removal of the sins of those who were deceived by the one called Satan and the Devil. Repent, those who fell to greed and envy, and ye shall be made whole again.** "

The crowd of people became breathlessly still as they gazed at the Archangel in wonder. Falling to their knees, they began bowing and praying, begging for their sins to be cleansed.

One by one, they started changing, slowly at first, and then faster and faster until rapidly, like a reversed plague, they became human again, the entire throng of people around me regaining their original forms. Tears were shed, a people once broken, started to become whole.

They then began to chant, this aimed at me.

**"All hail the HERO, the one sent from on high!"**

Over and over, they chanted. A mighty battlecry. I turned around and looked back at Bahamut. She was visibly stunned.

This was it. I now knew why I was sent here. I had a purpose.

"Get up. Your time to lie down is long gone."
