Part 046: Regret

It's been a month now.

A month ago, I made a mistake. It nearly cost me my life. I underestimated Fate.

I thought of myself as invincible. " _I am a walking cheat code_ ", that was how I thought. But I was wrong. I'm not a cheat code. I'm not invincible. I'm not a genius.

I was lying in Bahamut's bed, her sacred throne room she had spent millennia or eons perfecting. It was exquisite, rich golden tapestries hung from the ceiling, the bed itself had beautiful golden pillars, there were paintings from artists I'd never heard of that dazzled the imagination. Depictions of heaven, hell, possibly even Earth. The floor was a perfectly carved marble, all the pieces meshed together as if they had never been cut at all.

And I hated the sight of all of it.

For an entire month, I've laid in this bed.

I cannot move from it. I cannot leave from it.

When Amelia struck me with the arrow, she was wholly unconcerned. _Oops_. It was a harmless gag. She had healing magic. It hurt like hell, but even I wasn't complete worried. This was a world of magic. I've had all the bones in my body broken and shattered before and I've been healed from that in hours. In fact, I've had it happen twice.

But not this time. Her shot was powerful, insanely powerful. It shredded my spine into a million pieces. My spine effectively evaporated. I couldn't even move my arms without monumental effort, but my legs were completely lifeless.

For an entire month, I've laid here in this bed. What was I thinking? A hero? I'm nothing. I don't have the power to save anyone, I can't even save myself.

Minutes turned into hours and hours turned into days, which became weeks, which became a month. The world soldiers on, but I lie here crippled, a broken husk.

Amelia has come in quietly to check on me and talk with me, but she's not full of energy. She's completely forlorn. I can't believe I'm saying this, but I think she feels _guilty_. And she probably should. But the look of guilt when she sees me in the bed... I just want to end it all. I can't stand seeing her like that. I can't stand seeing myself like this.

Is there no hope? Is there any way to save myself? Nothing comes to mind. Perhaps I will have to live the rest of my life as an invalid.

The worst part is, I'm so fucking tired of eating this chicken.
