Part 002

I don't know what I expected.

The door opens, and I see nothing. There's a room somewhere in the darkness, but my eyes are useless at piercing the veil of shadow. Maybe if I could cast magic missile, that would change. Why can't humanity of the year One Hundred Thousand pay the goddamn electric bill, or whatever? They probably use cosmic space energy or something.

A _humming_ noise fills the room around me. My bones rattle under my skin, though the sensation is faint and indistinct. It's everywhere, yet nowhere. The humming is as if the air itself is quivering in fear.

_Oh, damn, maybe being frozen for a hundred thousand years made me evolve ESP or something._ That would be awesome, but unlikely. My hopes are dashed against the rocks. _Let's be realistic about this, and consider what I know._

The floor is comfortably warm, like sitting a few feet away from a fire, while also covered in smooth dirt. Weird moonspeak is etched into the doors and those pillars. The air itself is trembling in fear. Everyone I've ever known and loved is probably dead.

I'm at least somewhat sure that I'm not in the original CryoTek lab where I started out, and I may have evolved a functional spider-sense.

Yeah, this isn't helping. The year 100,000 A.D. makes no sense at all.

I wander back over to the pod. What once required a small feat of endurance is now just a few light steps away. It's amazing how my life can change so quickly!

Examining the pod, I find a small hatch on its rear. When I pop it out, a little compartment appears, with some items inside.

There's a ten-foot nylon rope, a badly rusted handgun of some sort, a knife that's corroded and flaking apart, and what I assume is a flashlight. Also a few cans of... _food_? The cans aren't labeled, and while food preservation might be a fine art, I'm terrified of what the contents will reveal. Let's skip the chow for right now.

I pull the stuff out of the compartment and find a small knapsack made from nylon at the bottom, with straps for wearing it like a backpack.

_Well, that's handy._ At least I have some... tools. I don't think a rusted dull knife will be much use, the flashlight might not work, the gun is toast, and god only knows what Lucifer himself put in the cans of food, but at least I have supplies, meager though they be.

I stick everything into the knapsack and click the flashlight. Nothing happens. _Great, that's just wonderful._ I figured this was a waste of time! But wait, there's some kind of... crank? Oh, that's right, this looks like one of those flashlights from the as-seen-on-TV ads, where you can crank the bottom to power it. _Surely it won't work, right?_

It does. Hallelujah, I'm saved! I crank it with all my strength and get a dim light that shines forward ten or so feet. The illumination is weak at best, but at least I won't be falling into any bottomless chasms or spike pits now that I have a light source.

Walking towards the still-open door, I crank the flashlight and light up the next room.

A statue. In the middle of the floor, there's a goddamn terrifying statue there. My knees shake, and teeth chatter as I walk toward it. If I had to describe the thing, I'd call it a- well, a monster, I suppose. I don't see any other way to describe it.

Long beak, with hundreds of tiny teeth creeping out the sides. Three 'arms,' with the third protruding from its chest. Each arm has several razor-sharp talons. The creature's eyes are small and beady, and they appear to follow me as I move around the room, while the tall and imposing body (easily _twice_ my height) dwarfs me with its intimidating presence. A spiny, curved tail sticks out behind it, with a mace-like club attached to the end. In the ancient times, didn't a few types of dinosaurs have clubs on the end of their tails? That's what this statue resembles.

My eyes pan over the freak abomination's body, and as I look down towards its feet, something catches my eye. The floor. The floor is covered in that goddamn writing again.

プロテクター

プロテクター

プロテクター

But that's not all. The walls are also covered in writing, but the symbols are different from the ones on the floor.

デストロイヤー

デストロイヤー

デストロイヤー

What do they mean? If I'd known reading Japanese would have been necessary at any point in my life, I'd have tried learning it from my father before he passed away. Curse my lack of foresight!

But more importantly, what's up with this freak? Why is it facing my door, like a warning or a threat to me when I exit it? I swear, if this is some elaborate ruse to screw with me, I'm going to murder whoever did it. I'd also rather it be a prank at this point because this unease is making my life expectancy drop by several years.