Part 206a - Espionage

Sometimes, I feel like I'm two different people trapped in one body.

I have all of my memories from the labyrinth, yet exactly one day ago, I was not in the labyrinth. The problem is, my labyrinth memories are seeming to override my normal ones.

One thing is for sure though, I need information.

After making my wings disappear and becoming visible once again, I head into my local library, walking over to their computer section. A few minutes after making my reservation, a computer opens up.

I start off my search by looking up the _Volgrim_. Sadly, nothing comes up about aliens. Even unsubstantiated rumors would be great. It appears that either nobody is aware of their existence right now, or the government is hiding their existence via censorship. Frankly, with all the Area 51 rumors and other stuff, most alien conspiracy theorists are already debunked in the minds of most people, so I feel like the government would simply allow the pages to exist. After all, who would believe in one alien rumor over another? It just makes sense.

So that being said, either the government knows of their existence and nobody else does, or nobody knows of their existence yet.

Not going to lie, I'd feel a whole lot better if the government knew. At least then we'd be preparing some defenses against them.

...Hm. My powers have so many applications. So many that I've really just scratched the surface. I close the webpage and walk away from the PC, heading over to another section of the library.

I find what I'm looking for off in the reference section. A thesaurus, and a Webster's Dictionary. Perfect. Since I'm back in this remote section of the library, I clone them, glancing through the contents to make sure they're the same, then I stuff them in my storage.

I walk out of the library and am pleased to see that the alarm doesn't go off. My storage... for it to work even in the past, it must be inter-dimensional or something. This begs the question, if there were somehow two of me in separate timelines or universes, could we trade notes or items with each other using the storage? Who knows.

And that's all theoretical anyway. More importantly, with a thesaurus, I have intentionally weaponized myself.

I flip through bemusedly until a stupidly obvious idea emerges.

" _Wiretap._ "

All around me, the sounds of people talking on telephones suddenly blasts into my ears as I groan in pain. " _UNDO!_ "

I quickly right that wrong as I realize there are a couple people on the street looking at me, my cheeks red, I walk around a corner into an alleyway, bouncing back and forth between two walls until I'm sitting on top of a small one story restaurant.

This time I spy a woman walking past, chatting on her phone, I can't hear her, at least not yet, but I decide to give this a shot again.

Focusing on her, I try one more time. " _Wiretap._ "

"...nd have the documents from the Mercer case on my desk at three, Kevin. We have seven clients on the waiting list and we can't afford to let them stay there, or they'll jump ship to the Orwen Bureau."

"Right, I-I'll get right on that. Talk later, boss."

The woman nods and hangs up the phone, but I can feel myself still connected, so if she were to make another call, I'd be tuned into it immediately.

This is... promising. Very, very promising. After using 'Disconnect', I find myself coming up with all manner of ideas.

There's a man sitting all by himself at an outdoor table in front of the restaurant below me. He appears to be reading a paper while drinking coffee. Perfect.

" _Telepathy._ "

In the past, this didn't work on a few demons, but humans shouldn't have any such barrier on their minds.

His thoughts flow into my mind like a steady stream.

_...Hmm, seems the DOW is down a point today, maybe I ought to pull my stocks out of the Fisher portfolio... no that's probably not a good idea- Christ, I forgot to turn the oven off this morning. My wife is going to kill me when she gets home. DAMN! Stupid idiot, me. No no, now's not the time to be thinking about that- this coffee tastes like shit. What kind of garbage is this place hiring nowadays? If I were ten years younger I'd go in there and apply for a job just so I could straighten them out. Seriously, it's coffee, how hard is it to make? I add the sugar and cream myself, assholes. All you guys have to do is make it black- ah wow the San Francisco Giants won 5-4 against the Diamondbacks, I didn't expect that. All this work lately and I never get to watch the games... Working this new job is-_

I cut him off by disabling telepathy. That guy has some issues and he seems awfully scatterbrained, but...

I try activating telepathy again, but this time as an attribute that I myself possess. By using it like this, I can make it sustained when I need it, and disable it with a thought, not a word. If I focus and mentally make myself use it, it will slowly drain my energy, but it's more subtle.

I focus on a woman walking past and am easily able to read her thoughts as she texts. Those are... naughty. I won't pry into her private life anymore.

...

I have to assume that I have exactly zero allies. With no allies, I have to find out the information I'll be needing through alternate means, and these means will be my powers.

...Aren't I something like a god at this point? Not an infallible, or omniscient one, but certainly godlike compared to many humans. Perhaps I should try and rule over humanity or something, though I don't particularly love them, and I don't want a target painted on my back.

But still, I can feel it. With my powers, I will be able to take the future in a new direction. I can change it. We don't have to end up in the same place as we were before.

I stare into the distance. There are only a few places I'll get any answers. And the first one I'll be checking out is Washington D.C.

Making myself invisible as I create more wings, I fly off into the air once more. Damn, flying like a bird is so cool.