Part 230a: The Founders

Nufaris entered into the room behind Officer Duplis, keeping pace but not moving too quickly. His heart pounded a thousand times a minute as he took note of the ten Volgarians in the room. Volgarians gained very distinctive features as they aged, and their mental abilities increased dramatically as well. The five Volgarians in the room, without a doubt, were leagues above himself when it came to physical ability, and mental ability.

As he walked in, Duplis bowed stiffly, leaving the way he came, keeping Primus 16 and the ten other officers outside in the waiting area. Only Nufaris would be allowed to sit in on this meeting.

The Volgarians at the table stared with total disinterest and lack of emotion at the newcomer in the room. The lowest ranked, Cinculu the fifth, stared stiffly at Nufaris, barely moving his hand to indicate the lone open chair at the end of the extraordinarily long table. Nufaris sat in it quickly, his mind reeling as he came to grips with the fact that his life might be ended on this day.

"Elder Nufaris, born during the seventeenth cycle of the planetary rotation, nearly 20,000 orbits ago. We are henceforth beginning the inquisition into your outright defiance of the Founder's direct orders. Certainly, you of all your crew not only bear the most responsibility, but know best what the consequences of a betrayal entails." The eldest, Unarin, spoke first. He was a youthful looking Volgarian, his appearance repaired constantly by the highest class of skin repair molecular chambers on a regular basis.

Elder Nufaris nodded meekly as he bowed his head. "Indeed, I do."

"Dosena, the lower three have not yet been fully briefed on the situation. Explain it succinctly for them." Unarin glanced over and spoke to the second ranked Founder at the table. Her eyes, of all five there, were by far the coldest. Not much was publicly available about any of the Founders at this point, but it was well known they were all hundreds of thousands of orbits old, and many estimated their ages to be in the range of millions. Since the end of the Seven Great Wars though, much of the Old Order burned the documents and destroyed the record halls that held knowledge of their previous exploits.

The exception was Dosena. She had personally killed a hundred thousand of her own people in the very last of the Seven Great Wars. She was nicknamed 'Blood marauder' by the very few who still lived to tell tales that had seen her afterwards. Some said that her psionic abilities exceeded even Unarin's, but those were likely just rumors.

Dosena pulled her hands out from under the table where they had been folded and tapped a series of patterns on the Holotable in front of her, as she mentally unlocked the vault with her unique brain patterns. After this ritual was complete, which took mere seconds, a holographic series of images appeared, hovering above the table, the whole length down to Nufaris. It still baffled him why they had to have such a long table with the Elders all bunched up near the head of it, and himself at the end, but he supposed it was to make the experience more intimidating.

It was working.

"To begin, we received a report from one of our long-departed Star Exploration Units, the Dolfraxis, regarding a planet sighted in Sector 16, Point 402. This part of the void had been listed in our database from before even the great wars, but we had long forgotten about it and most other star systems in that sector."

Dosena lightly reached up and flicked her hand, as her mental actuators did the other relevant movements to change the holographic image to that of the planet. "We then received note that not only were there _three_ planets in the Habitation zone, one of them was in fact already inhabited by primitive life forms."

Trayza, the third ranked of the Founders creased her face stiffly. "Primitives? So you mean to say they are an easy target?"

Elder Nufaris found himself clenching his gut slightly. He was not a man of war, he was an explorer. Naturally, the Founders had been alive since a far bygone era of violence and hatred, but he still found the thought of rushing to war distasteful. Even so, their orders were absolute, and he must never contradict them openly unless given the right to speak freely.

Dosena nodded. "Yes, or at least, that would have been the case. The initial scans that were sent to us on that emergency shuttle indicated that the planet possessed ancient technology, relying on primitive fuels dug straight out of the ground. There was evidence of constant wars taking place even at the moment the Dolfraxis arrived, and all of this was obtained through... radio waves?"

"Y-yes, radio waves." Nufaris spoke a few words and then quieted down. It was okay to clarify, but generally not to interject unless necessary.

"I see. In any case, their technology was primitive. It took about seventeen rotations for the shuttle to reach us at Warp 8 and for the new Slipstream Shuttle we sent back to arrive at warp 9.7, so, I end my initial inquiry on this one simple question; what happened in seventeen rotations to advance their technology to the level that they had suddenly become a spacefaring race, even equipped with a massive arsenal of weapons that would have obliterated your scouting ship if you had gotten too close?"

The other four Founders in the room turned their attention from Founder Dosena to Elder Nufaris. The third, Trayza, spoke again. "Indeed, that question is now pressing on my mind as well. I have seen some of the primitive recordings that the shuttle was able to capture. Having been alive during the end of the Third Great War, officially the bloodiest of the Seven Great Wars, I must say that the brutality we saw among these primitives is stunning, to say the least." She curled her lips slightly as she spoke, possibly to accentuate her haughty expression.

"Actually... as the resident historian, I... I have a question that is bearing on my mind." The forth Founder, Cuanali, the quietest of the Founders to be sure, tapped her fingers rhythmically on the table as she spoke. "It... well, I expect that Founder Unarin has already thought of it, being the oldest, but, ah, well..." She trailed off. It's not that she appeared to be nervous, she simply had a hard time keeping her thoughts straight as she spoke, and had a very erratic way of speaking.

"Something I must have thought of? This is no time for riddles, Cuanali, speak up about your concerns." Unarin gently, but firmly, coaxed her into speaking. None of the Founders were related to each other in any way due to how they had been formed separately, but he still considered the other Founders to be brothers and sisters, as it were.

"Well, it is with regards to the original homeworld. Not Volgarius as we are on now, but err, Volgarius... Alpha, I suppose? You know, we never did give it or this one a proper name..."

Unarin sighed. "Curses, I should have thought more carefully. You have a tendency to let secrets slip when you shouldn't."

Elder Nufaris glanced around at the Founders, who now appeared to be mumbling amongst themselves. "I beg forgiveness for interrupting but... first planet? Volgarius Alpha? W-what might this be about?"

Dosena sighed as she rolled her eyes. "Now you've done it, Cuanali. You just blabbed top secret information regarding events that took place during the Great Wars. Unarin's going to take your head off at this rate, if I don't first."

Cuanali paused as her eyes stared at the table in front of her, flicking left and right as they emptily searched the plain emptiness of the table for nothing in particular. "Ah, well that is to say... I probably shouldn't have mentioned it, but the Elder may know something we need, and we can always mind-wipe him if needed, so, I don't see the ah, problem."

Unarin shifted slightly in his seat. "Yes, I suppose that is a good point. Very well. I had forgotten about the days of the Dark Order, so it can't hurt to bring that stuff up now if the Elder will forget it by tomorrow anyway."

Unarin glanced back at Elder Nufaris. "Nufaris, about that planet you found. Cuanali has reminded me that eons ago, there was a certain _project_ we created to save the planet we Volgrim originated on. Well, I shouldn't say _project_, it was more of a multiple-pronged series of projects. And I have reason to believe the planet in the Sector 16, Point 402 void was a result of one of those projects. To be blunt, those life-forms are some form of Volgrim from a long, long past era. They still somewhat resemble us based upon scans of their body structure, but make no mistake, they are no longer a species similar to our own. They have been separated for far too long."

Nufaris almost gasped aloud at this news. "T-they are Volgrim?! That can't be! Look at their technology! Even if they branched off a million orbits ago, or ten million orbits ago, they still are far too undeveloped!"

Dosena raised a single eyebrow. "Possibly." The Founders ignored Nufaris' outburst, that much was to be expected upon hearing not one, but two instances of planet-shattering news in such a small period of time. "They were primitive when you came upon them, however, is it not possible that under the surface of the planet, they might be hiding vast weapon reserves that can fight in void warfare? Is it not possible that their primitive aspects are a necessary distraction to lure other Volgrim into a sense of complacency? I find the idea that it was a trap compelling, as should you, Elder Nufaris. After all, if you fell for a trap, that would be different from directly disobeying a direct order, would it not?"

Dosena stared at him knowingly, and Elder Nufaris nodded slowly. "Y-yes, Founder Dosena. I believe that would be different."

During all of this time, Cinculu the fifth had been totally silent, but he roused himself to speak at this latest exchange. "Personally, I am of the opinion that we should mind-wipe Nufaris, but forgive him of treason. Throughout this exchange, I have seen no reason to believe that he acted out of malice. However, the existence of 'Earth' must be kept a secret, far above the clearance levels of his crew. I advise a mind-wipe for all crewman and himself up to the expedition point of three rotations before they arrived at Earth, along with a formal pardon for the charge of treason. They have provided us diligently with valuable data on fifty other star systems during their unusually long voyage, and one can hardly fault them for making a small mistake at the very end of their journey."

Unarin smiled slightly for once, something he was not often prone to doing. "Cinculu, always the straight-talker. So reliable, brother. I agree with his judgement. Are you three in agreement, or are there any objections?"

The other three Founders nodded in the affirmative, but naturally Dosena had one last thing to say. "I would advise against a straight mind-wipe. Download their memories into the CORE under the highest level authorization. We may glean useful information for the collective of our species, and losing that information would be a shame."

Unarin nodded, as did the other Founders. "Excellent. The meeting is adjourned. Elder Nufaris, I trust you will consent to the mind-wipe without resistance?"

Nufaris nodded quickly as a pained smile took over his face. "I wish to thank all of the Founders today for their wise and compassionate decision. I contemplate, and I comprehend the wisdom you have displayed today."

The founders tilted their heads ever so slightly. "This is not a punishment, rather, it is a reward. For the benefits you have given to the collective good of our species over your short lifespan, you have proven yourself to be a dependable explorer. We will be looking to you in the future as you undoubtedly rise through the ranks."

Nufaris stifled a huge smile as he stood up from his chair gracefully. "Good day, Founders."
