Part 371a - Titanfall (2 of 2)

It's so dark now. My suit has to activate night-vision mode just to see around me. The entire sky is black, with a small patch of grey to the east from a trickle of sunlight.

My energy is gone now. The last container is in my hands, and I just absorbed it.

Minutes. That's all we've got left. I'll have to evacuate from this place before it hits. Should I? Do I deserve to?

"Harold. How many colony ships managed to escape?" I speak calmly to the old-timer in my mind, though out loud I yell at the top of my lungs. " **MOVE!!** "

"All of 'em, kid. Last ship blasted off five minutes ago. Now git out of there! There's nothing more ya can do!"

He's a bad liar. "They're all destroyed, aren't they?"

Harold's face turns away slightly in my mind's eye. "They never had a chance. The Volgrim shot 'em before they got off the ground. Knew right where they were located."

"Ha... haha... a traitor, then. Maybe someone with good intel... I can't, though. I can't just let them all die..."

The wind screams all around me. I used 'root' to plant myself in the ground, but if I hadn't, the several hundred mile an hour wind would have dashed me against a mountain long ago. Even with my suit filtering out the sounds from outside, some of it trickles inside. It's as if an unending sea of people are fleeing for their lives from an unseen threat.

"Don't be a hero, son. Ya can't save the planet. Ya did the best ya could."

"No. I didn't. The other clones were right. I should have teleported as many people off the planet as I had the power to do so. They're all dead because of me."

By now, I'm beginning to feel insanely heavy. The wind is pounding me with such ferocity that I feel like gravity has increased tenfold.

"And if ya saved 'em, they'd have no place to call home! What would you do, make another Earth?!"

"Maybe." I stare numbly at the sky before closing my eyes. "I should finally pay for my failures. It's time. Sensei is smarter than me... he's more fit to lead."

Harold goes quiet for a moment. "Now listen here, ya son of a bitch. We don't know what'd happen if ya die. Yer clones might disappear. Even if they didn't, that's no way for a friend o' mine to talk. Do you hear me, soldier?!"

He's going full drill sergeant mode. I can hear it in his voice.

"All I ever do is screw up, and yet until today the universe kept handing me victories. Today the universe gets even."

"You got one minute to get out of there, son! Don't you do this to me!"

My head's feeling light. Even with the suit fully closed up, I feel as if there's a lack of air.

"I'm just... tired. I can't save the Earth, I can't save anyone. This is for the best."

Before Harold can reply, I cut the mental connection and tilt backwards, causing the wind to smash me into the ground on my back.

That's all right... I'm tired anyway. Tired of running the show, tired of people's expectations of me, tired of losing all the people I know. I'm ready for something else.

And who knows? Maybe the Hypersuit will save me from being crushed. Let's test that theory out.

My eyes close and I feel a deep sleep come over me.

I'll let fate decide my future.

....................................................

The power was out, and Jorge sat on the couch in his living room staring out the shattered window as hurricane force winds blew inside. He could barely even feel the icy cold in his delirium, but still he clutched a glass half-full of vodka and plenty of other nasty items blown in from outside.

The revolver from earlier was still clutched in his left hand, but his arm flopped at his side uselessly.

_I can't feel anything anymore. I'm so numb now._

The faint sound of breaking glass and concrete grinding on more concrete was audible from the kitchen, but he ignored it.

_Not much longer now._

In his mind's eye, he saw how he once had everything a man could desire. A beautiful wife, a lovely daughter, a house, and an illustrious career. Respect from his colleagues and the ability to live in relative freedom however he wanted.

_And it was all useless in the end. We come in this world alone, and leave it alone. I'm more than just alone, though. I'm completely isolated._

A shard of glass zipped past his head, missing him by a millimeter. He didn't even flinch.

_I always wondered to myself if humanity was evil or not. This is retribution for all the evil we've done. We destroyed their planet, so they're going to destroy us._

The rear side of the house finally gave way and collapsed, tearing from the ground and lifting up slightly into the air as the maelstrom ripped it from the earth.

_We deserve this. I deserve this._

Finally, Jorge let go of the gun and his fingers glided up towards his chest pocket. A moment later, he pulled out a familiar picture, clenching it tightly so the wind wouldn't take it.

_I'm an atheist. I never prayed to any god in my life. My wife and daughter though... they were better than me. They will be in Heaven. All I ask is that the gods take my prayers... let them be happy. Let them be safe. If I deserve to be saved... let it be so._

He chuckled even as the wind swirling around the room took the breath from his throat.

_Even sinners deserve a second chance... right?_

A moment later, a wooden beam directly above him split in half and fell towards the man on the couch.

He wouldn't have screamed, even if he had the energy to do so.

....................................................

"So that's it, huh? Just gonna give up?"

A voice from my right side speaks dryly and I recognize it immediately. "It's impossible, Arthur. Earth is gone. I failed."

"What a positive thinker." Arthur waves his hand at the beautiful green meadow all around us. "I created this place with my mind as a way to escape my troubles. I fled the world of the living because I'd given up hope for my redemption."

"Yeah... so what are you implying?"

"I'm saying you're a coward. I'm saying you disappoint me." Arthur rubs the underside of his nose with a finger as he glares at me. "You have a power that effectively makes you a god above actual gods. You have the ability to reshape reality as we know it. What gives you the right to give up under such a weak catastrophe?"

"My power wasn't enough. I couldn't even stop the moon. What would you do in my place?"

Arthur rolls his eyes. "I don't know. All I know is that surviving to fight another day in order to save as many as possible is the best solution."

"You locked yourself inside of a sword."

For once, I can't help but notice he looks flustered. "Y-yeah, I did... but you're still a dumbass."

"I'm just following the example you set, Arthur. If I'm a dumbass, what does that make you?"

He opens his mouth to respond, but then closes it for a few moments before actually responding. "Shut up. Get out of here. Save your own skin."

"I don't see why I should bother."

"It's not a request. It's an order. There's someone waiting for you to return. Don't you dare make her cry."

I don't even get a chance to reply. Arthur fades away and a whiteness surrounds me.

A moment later I wake up and... Amelia is hovering above me, yelling at my face. Her words are muted at first, as if an explosion sounded off nearby and deafened me, but soon I realize what she's saying.

"Wake up! Get up!"

I blink my eyes quickly and pull myself into a sitting position. Jesus, I nearly let myself give up that easily. Arthur was right, I can't just let myself die! I can't just...

...Uh...

My expression flattens as surprise floods me. To my left, standing a few feet away, is Arthur.

"Yo. You're up." He stands with Excalibur held in one hand, and his kingly attire worn in all of its splendor.

It suddenly occurs to me that it's very quiet all around us. Glancing up, my heart skips a beat as I realize the moon seems even closer than it was before I passed out.

"We're going to die! We have to go!" Amelia pulls me up but even as I stand and tower over her, I keep looking up.

"Why hasn't the moon hit yet?"

"I'm moving the Earth backwards, like you were doing." Arthur smiles pleasantly, as if he hasn't a care in the world. "And before you ask, you're standing inside my Crusader Aura. It usually protects me from most blows, but I extended it to cover all three of us."

I find myself gawking at him for a few seconds. "You're pulling the Earth away? Can you save it?!"

"Not a chance. Even if I'd started when the Moon was first launched, it'd eventually hit. Earth is doomed."

I find myself marveling at how we're having a normal conversation even as impending death is approaching us.

"We need to go. Let's have the talkies when we get back on the Mothership." Amelia pulls at my hand and I nod along slowly, still staring at Arthur in shock.

"You materialized yourself?"

"Yup. I realized the best way to atone would be to make sure Earth's doom didn't also kill our best hero." He smiles at me, then wags his finger. "The girl is right though. We need to go. You two teleport back to the ship, and I'll follow after I release my hold on Earth."

"You're not going to do anything stupid, are you?"

Arthur's smile seems to fade slightly, but maybe it's just my imagination. "No... no of course not. Just go on ahead."

"You're lying... aren't you?" Disbelief floods my mind. He can't be serious. He just lectured me about foolhardy gestures of suicide, but he's going to stay behind?!

"Perhaps." His smile vanishes completely and he takes a few steps towards me. "If you won't go, I'll make you go."

My jaw drops. "You have to come with us, you have to-" He jerks his hand forwards suddenly and taps my chest with one finger. A moment later, Amelia and I both appear on the bridge of the Mothership.

"-survive!" I finish my sentence and stumble forwards in surprise. The sudden appearance on the ship caught me off guard.

Amelia stares at me as I turn to her. "Who is that guy anyway?"

....................................................

Arthur stared up at the sky. Somewhere, in a place he couldn't see, his pupil had landed safely aboard his flying space vessel.

_It was good knowing you, Jason Hiro._

Earth's doom was seconds away now. The moon's color would change the moment it hit the atmosphere. Once it got that far, it would be too late. It wouldn't take a second longer to hit the ground.

_I doubt even you, with all of your power, could change the will of the Creator. That's the thing about time, it's like a river. Your actions are rocks, but time merely flows around you. It simply diverts on its course and continues towards its original goal._

Arthur raised Excalibur into the air, and aimed the point of it directly at the moon.

_Perhaps, if you had more power, you could change things. Maybe if you had more energy, it would not be a stone you throw into the water, but a boulder. If you had such power, things might have turned out differently._

Energy began building up at Arthur's feet as he released his hold on the Earth.

_You alone have the power to see the flow of time. Someday, if you live long enough, you might figure out how to change the will of the universe. Today is not that day._

The energy surged from Arthur's feet up through his body and into his upraised hand.

_They called me a hero. In truth, I was a monster. A killer. All I've ever done with my life is is take the lives of others._

Excalibur began to glow as Arthur knelt down to put every last drop of his colossal energy reserves into the sword.

_But not you. You can make a difference. You can change things. I will always just be a killer._

The sword vibrated fiercely as energy screamed inside of it.

_In the end, that's all I need to do. Stay true to myself. Be a killer._

"I'm coming, Elizabeth. Sorry I kept you waiting."

Arthur reached up with his free hand and wiped away a single tear. He had no reason to be sad. Soon, they would be together again.

In the blink of an eye, the blade fired. The energy shockwave wiped out all life within a hundred miles instantly.

Arthur, the Knight of Camelot, had perished.