Part 132: Colossus

My aura rippled with power. I felt overwhelmed by the amount of energy blasting out of every pore in my body. It was like I was a mountain top, and the energy fleeing my body was the water of Niagara Falls smashing down into a tiny soup bowl below.

With a single movement, my arms burst out of the strait-jacket. The clones left in the room started to take notice of me, but I was unbelievably fast now. In the blink of an eye, I had spun around with such force that the ropes hanging me from the ceiling exploded from the heat friction in the air, and I jerked my hands out, stopping myself.

Whipping around in midair, I landed lightly on my feet, and took four steps. Each step placed me in front of one of the four clones, and a single punch destroyed them, transforming them into lifeless matter on the walls. It was a cruel fate, but they're too weak for me to bother with reintegrating, and I still lack the ability to speak.

...

Two seconds later, the door barring my room smashed off its hinges, flying forward and burying itself four feet into the opposite wall. The stone that covered the wall was shattered, and the soft earth behind it was not dense enough to slow the door down quickly. The impact made everything around me rumble, including the ground and other prison doors.

Holy fucking shit, I am powerful. When I punch things, I don't even feel it! My body is way beyond the strength of iron at this point. It's like I took a training regiment of insane requirements and started doing it nonstop for a few eternities. How did angels lose the war if they possessed this kind of power?!

Thinking that thought, I glanced down at the three rings on my hand. The names of the angels were no longer there. They had lost their power.

But I won't take them off. I'll wear them, in memorial of those who gave their lives to protect me. I won't fail you, Gabriel, Michael and Raphael.

I jerk my head to the side just in time to see a knife fly past my head. One of my clones is there, summoning knives in the distance. Ordinarily I couldn't see him with my eyes, but my eyes are beyond perfect now. I have telescopic, microscopic, Xray, and Heat-sensing vision, to name a few. And weirdly enough, I see all of them at one time.

To be honest, it's actually a downgrade over my spatial vision, but I can regain that back once my voice gets returned. For now, I only have speed and power, and my vision, or, do I?

As another knife flies at me, I jerk my hand up and snatch it out of midair. Then I spread my legs out in a rock-steady foot position, arch my arms apart, and _clap_ them together. A wave of forces surges forwards, smashing my clone backward. He snaps his neck instantly when he hits the wall. One down, a few thousand more to go.

My clones are still important for maintaining this city though. It's not the citizens that are at fault here, it's _Adams_. Quickly looking in all directions with my enhanced vision, I spot a small troop of men running down the stairs. My body darkens as I press myself against the wall, blending in with the shadows. Neat, I'm discovering new powers all the time.

As the men run past, I lightly tap my foot in the ground and silently leap at the doorway. Landing in a roll, I climb up the rotating stairwell in 4 more steps, pinning my body between the walls above the door as I again blend in with the shadows. Another group of soldiers charges through whispering to each other about "Neutralizing the rogue clone."

Hmm? What's this? I've got a very bad feeling this won't be as easy to resolve as I'd like.

I luck out, the next group of troops, while bigger, is around a corner in the distance. I jump down through the doorway from my vantage point on the ceiling, dart forwards, and jump up again, my grip easily allowing me to hold onto a massive pillar that reaches up into the roof. _Am I Spiderman or something?_

I'm super strong, super fast, nimble, and have the ability to blend into shadow. I've definitely powered up. But I've gotten lucky so far. The real test will be recovering my voice.

As the soldiers run past, I scan the area with my eyesight. Lots of red life signatures, and a bunch of black ones. I assume the black ones are my clones? Have their powers been corrupted? I thought they always had a holy aura?

This is not good. I was only unconscious for a couple days. How has so much changed?

Once the soldiers below me have disappeared into the prison system below me, I jump down, leaping forwards towards the prison cell for females. If I'm lucky, maybe Cassiel will be down there.

But I come to a screeching halt, as I run into one of my clones again, standing beside Adams and a full squad of men. Hm? Aren't these the Yellow Squad members?

They eyeball me suspiciously as they level their weapons at me. "Slayer! Is that the one?"

The clone quickly responds. "Yes! That's him! It's Hope, you have to catch him!"

Wait, he's pretending to be the original?! Shit, that son of a bitch.
