Part 386b: Reawakening

I'M AWAKE!

My eyes flip open, and my arms jerk forward involuntarily, only to smack into an invisible wall. A few seconds later, I finally register the feeling of pain and wince.

_That hurt._

It's pitch black all around me, but as I begin to wake up and shift my body, I become acutely aware of how cold I am. I feel like I took a dip in the Antarctic ocean.

There is a hissing sound in front of me, and I perceive something lifting up. Wait, is this... oh right, it's the cryopod. I remember now.

It was just a few minutes ago; I was in the room with the other cryopod participants. We were part of an experiment from CryoTek... but this is...

I stare numbly as the hatch to my pod lifts up. The light above me is shifting off and on, and it's getting dimmer every second. The room all around me is totally pitch black.

Finally, as the lid stops lifting up, the light brightens, and I can see the room around me.

It looks familiar... Have I been here before?

There are four pillars in the center of the room. I feel like I've seen them before.

I step forward, carefully lifting my foot up, so I don't trip over the lower lip of my cryopod. Walking forward, I note that the pillars are covered in strange runes. Even more strangely, I can read them. They look Japanese, but to my eyes, they appear as ordinary as plain English.

_Death is coming._

Good lord, that's ominous. Yet, it doesn't seem to affect my mood negatively, which is odd. I'm feeling too calm about all of this. I turn back to look around the room. There's a single door that appears to lead out. I start to step towards the door, but I pause.

Flashlight. I need a flashlight.

I walk back around to the pod's rear side, and without a second thought, I pop open a back hatch, I instantly spot a flashlight, some rope, an old rusted gun, and some nasty looking cans of gunk. I leave everything there but the flashlight. I get this strange feeling that I won't need any of the rest of it.

I walk up to the door and spot even more strange symbols, all of which I can read effortlessly.

_Never leave._

Hmm. I don't like being told what to do, so I'll just ignore the warning. I push against the door with all of my strength, and it slowly opens with a scraping sound. A wave of air surges into the room and I take a deep breath, realizing I had been feeling oxygen starved. I crank up my flashlight and aim it forwards.

There's a freaky looking statue there, but for some reason... I'm not scared. I've seen this figure before. Its beady eyes seem to follow me around as I walk around it.

No... no, that's not right. They _are_ following me around.

"You... what are you? I've seen you before."

The statue moves, which almost makes me jerk back, but I hold my ground.

"Hmm? You were able to tell I was real?"

The statue speaks, its voice a nasty sounding noise, resembling when you take off and put the lid back on one of those hollow metal garbage cans.

"Yes... why do I recognize you? I'm staring a monstrosity in the face, yet I feel no fear."

The statue cackled quietly under its breath. "Hehehe.... you should be proud of yourself. A mere human, addressing the mighty Gressil. You will die soon, of course, whether I kill you or don't."

I nodded quietly. "Hm. I suppose so. However..."

I get this odd feeling in my mind. "I feel like... somehow... you're already dead."

The statue monster, Gressil, he narrows his beady eyes and glares at me. "Human... are you mocking me?"

I shrug. "I don't think so. However, I have the distinct impression that with the power of just one word, I can defeat you."

Gressil laughs. "One word?! Oh by the seven devils, I have to hear this one!"

I nod. "Alright, fair enough. _Die._ "

His body freezes, as it slowly starts to shake. "W-what... what are... you...?!" A few moments later, he keels over on the floor in a comically dramatic fashion, dead.

Why did I do that? How did I know to do that?

As I look down at his body, I note other runes on the ground, but I ignore them. They don't seem important to me.

There's something else, drawing me into the next room. Something... important. I can't place my finger on it, but it's definitely life-shattering.

I press open the door, as I enter the next room. It's a long, wide hallway. I've certainly seen it before. These memories feel like whispers from a fogged up mirror, slowly seeping into my mind.

I calmly walk down the hallway, and after almost a half hour, I've traveled what feels like two or three miles. It's a long, straight hallway, with darkness all around me. I can barely make out the walls, and the ceiling is just _barely_ there, but the end of the hallway is far beyond the distance I can see.

Finally, I arrive at the end of the hall. I end up seeing three doors. A small one on the left, a _very_ large one in the middle, and another small one on the right. Those two small doors have the same writing on them, and I can read it as if it was plain English.

The door on the left says... "Prey".

The door on the right says... "Safety".

Well, I'm no genius, but I like the sound of 'safety' far more than I do 'prey'. I decide to enter the door on my right. I still have that strange feeling, like I've been here before.

I'm pleasantly surprised to see that the entire hallway, as I enter through the door, is illuminated by torches. Another immediate feeling reaches me, which is that I have to as a simple question... _Who lit them?_ My stomach cringes a little bit as I walk down the hallway. After about fifteen paces, I suddenly hear a _boom_ behind me, as the door I entered through slams shut.

Wonderful. I'm so excited I could just cry.

As I walk down the hallway, I notice that the end of it seems to be unlit, and there's a darkness coming from it.

A deep gloom, actually. It seems to swallow up the light coming from the torches. As I look into it, I mentally rewrite all the feelings of ominousness that I had the whole way here. This is greatly intimidating, but I don't have any chance other than to keep walking forward.

Yet, somehow, the thought of darkness doesn't seem to scare me at all. I arrive at it, and enter through it, stepping into a pitch black void. I... can't see anything. I can't even see my own hand or the light around me.

As I walk forward, the darkness seems to disappear slowly, fading into mist. Finally, I arrive at a strange stone altar, one I can just barely make out in the receding darkness. There appears to be an ominous, pitch black orb set there... it's resting on the podium all by itself. There appears to be a statue against the rear wall, resembling an angel, wings spread wide open, her hands upraised into the air. Her head is aimed upwards, as if she's a fallen angel, begging for forgiveness for her misdeeds. It's... hauntingly beautiful.

But that black orb, resting atop the plain altar... it draws my vision towards it enticingly.

As I stare at it, a voice whispers in the back of my mind. " _Hello, mortal. Do you desire the power to rule over life and death?_ "

Wow. That's one heck of an opening question. "I'm not sure... are you offering it to me?"

"Hehehehe..." The voice becomes more distinct, as a mental face of a man cloaked in shadow appears in my mind. "Not many ask questions before they accept my power."

"Your power huh? I don't recall you answering the question."

The face inside my mind grimaces slightly. "You're an interesting one. If you should pick me up and accept my power, I will help you eliminate all who oppose you."

Hmm. Sounds too good to be true. "How do I know I can trust you?"

As the face in my mind suspiciously licks his lips, I find myself thinking that even this is all too familiar, yet... different. I feel as if an unseen path has diverged.

"You don't know. But I sense inside you a great, terrible darkness. You _know_ you wish to have my power, do you not?"

I find myself nodding imperceptibly. "Perhaps... perhaps not. What happens if I accept your power?"

The orb starts to speak again, but from behind me, I hear a scratching sound. It's the sound of something moving quietly, but rubbing itself against a wall as it walks.

I slowly tilt my head back towards the direction of the sound. There, I see something that... it should frighten me, but once again, it does not. It appears to be a living thing, a creature, perhaps even a monster, made entirely of shadow.

As I stare at it, it does not move. I decide to take the initiative. "Who are you?"

The shadow seems to rustle slightly, as its body shifts and it appears to look at me. " **I am the servant of this place, the keeper of the secret darkness. Why do you not fear me?** "

I shrug slightly. "For some reason, little seems to scare me right now. I'm... unnaturally calm. I feel as if I have done this already."

The creature stares wordlessly for a moment or two. " **Perhaps you have. Perhaps you have not. This place is filled with many secrets, lies, and deceptions. You should trust the one before you. Here, in this place, might makes right, and strength guarantees you will succeed at all endeavors.** "

I nod slowly. "I suppose that may be true." I turn back to the black orb in front of me. "You appear to have a personality and a mind of your own. Do you also possess a name?"

The being inside the orb grins inside my mind. "Such manners. I am known as Blaarjiim, the King of Darkness. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance."

I pick the orb off the altar and heft it into one hand. I can feel a dark power enter into my body even as I do this. "A pleasure to meet yours as well. I am Jason Hiro."

The shadow monster moves forward noiselessly, melting from one patch of darkness to the next until he is suddenly beside me. I can't help but notice that he's a tiny little fellow, only four feet tall, perhaps a bit bigger than that. Compared to my six-foot stature, he's a midget.

"We are aware of your name, young Hiro. I am Yama, the acolyte of darkness. I stood guard over the container that held you for... a long time. However, even I did not expect the turn of events that led to Gressil's death." His voice is deep, but coming from his little body, it almost feels comical. It's like he's compensating for something.

"Gressil is dead?" Blaarjiim speaks again, confusion evident in his voice. Apparently, the shadow monster didn't tell him about this. "How is that possible? In order for Jason to do that, he would have to-"

"In due time." Yama cuts off the demonic being in my mind as if to prevent him from speaking. "Jason has not yet... realized the situation he is in. Or perhaps he has...?" His eyes are tough to tell apart from the rest of his body, but still, I feel as if he stares up at me questioningly.

I shake my head slowly. "Afraid not. I'm mystified. You guys are monsters of some sort... so something went horribly wrong and I must have died in the cryopod. I think I'm in Hell."

Yama snickers quietly. "An apt description, human. Amusingly, you are correct. This is, in fact, Hell."

Oh. He says it so casually. I merely nod along. "Great. Thanks for letting me know. So if I'm dead, then that means this place is a punishment for my crimes? I don't remember doing anything wrong."

"Nay, it is not Hell in the sense one who hails from the Source would think of it, but Hell as in the name of this realm." Blaarjiim thoughtfully corrects me. "You are in the Great Labyrinth, a realm of mystery and unexplored secrets. Demons roam the halls, and as a human, you are sure to be short on allies."

Something about Blaarjiim's words appear to be... false. Maybe it's the tone of his voice or something, but I feel as if he's lying to me.

"Are there no other humans here?"

His face forms an expression of disgust in my mind. "Quite the contrary. Demons have been... losing the war. Humans overrun this place, but they are the worst scum of all. Turn your back on a demon, and you are likely to get stabbed. Turn your back on a human, and..." His voice trails off.

Yama finishes. "Don't turn your back on a human. Make no deals with a human. Humans are perverse monsters, though they label us as such. They seek the extermination of any who do not look like them."

I can't help but glare from the orb to the shadow monster and back to the orb again. "I'm a human. You're saying you don't trust me, then?"

"Certainly not." Yama curls up his lip. "Gressil is proof of that."

Err, he makes a good point. I did kill that statue monster without any effort. Come to think of it, how _did_ I kill it?

Blaarjiim seems to read my mind. "Your killing of Gressil was quite impressive. With my power added to your own, you will be quite helpful for retaking our land from the humans."

"Aren't you curious about how I did it?"

I ask the question and immediately both monsters chortle at me.

Yama stops snickering and manages to form a response. "How arrogant. We already know, of course. The power of Wordsmithing is quite... pervasive. In fact, I will be the one to teach you how to use it properly, since I know far more about it than you do."

Wordsmithing? He knows about my power and it already has a name? Aw, man. Here I thought I was unique or something.

Wait a minute. "How do you know what Wordsmithing is?"

Yama stares silently for a few moments. "I have my ways."

Cryptic. "I could kill you with a single word, demon."

Blaarjiim raises an eyebrow. "Interesting. Your attitude is... unexpected. You are an aberration among your kind."

I toss the pitch black orb into my other hand, realizing my right hand is starting to cramp up. The orb is a lot heavier than it looks. "By 'kind', you mean humans, right?"

"I mean many different things." Blaarjiim crosses his arms in my mind's eye, and I realize further questioning is pointless.

A loud growl sounds off in the cave and I realize I'm starving. "Listen, this is a good chat but... can we get some food?"

Yama shakes his head slowly. "The human need for sustenance is a foreign concept to me. Demons can intake food, but we do it solely for reasons of boredom or pleasure. In any case, I have a secret base where you will be able to fill your urges."

The wording makes me frown, but I shrug it off. Demons are odd.

"Let's go, then."

Blaarjiim stirs. "It has been a long time since I left that pedestal. Yama, why did you forsake me for so long?"

The shadow grunts to himself quietly. "It was only a hundred years. Calm thyself, King of Darkness."

With a motion of his hands, a shadow bends around Yama, making him disappear wordlessly. A moment later, the darkness races at me, making my heart slam in my chest before I feel a sensation of being washed down a tube.

When my eyes open next, I have to blink hard as torches lining the walls appear to be unbearably bright.

Yama is standing a few feet away, as he gestures down the hallway in front of me toward a room up ahead with the flame of a small fire crackling in a fireplace. "Welcome to my lair, young Hiro."
