Part 489c - Paradox

A harsh metallic smell greets us as we arrive. A sickening sensation, as if we've landed on a ship in the middle of the ocean riding out a storm, courses through my insides. After a moment it passes, and I kneel down to regain my balance.

"That was a rough one," Alpha comments dryly.

Teleporting always jars me, but this is nothing like when we visited the Central Hub. It's almost as though something tore out a piece of my soul, then jammed it back inside my body.

After a moment, I stand back up and look around. We're inside a muggy bar, where the air smells like iron, and a taste similar to sulfur rests on my tongue, growing thicker every breath I take. Tables line up against the walls and throughout the middle, and way off on the other end, perhaps fifty feet away, a bartender leans his arm on the bar and snores quietly. No other people are here with us.

"Nice place you picked," Marie quips. "Classy. If ever I were to describe the smell of Satan's rectum, this would be it."

Alpha's eye twitches. "Harold, this is the spot, right?"

The old man nods and brings his watch up to activate its holographic display once again. "Yeap. Marie 12F said this'd be a safe area for Travelers to pop in. We're just a few levels above Earth's surface."

"Huh." Alpha pinches his nose. "Cripes. What's up with the smell? Marie has a point."

Harold shrugs. "I can ask the Hub if they'll send some data, son. We ain't never been to this stream before."

Alpha nods slowly. "Yeah. Supposedly it's a Source."

_Source?_ Before I can ask him what that is, irritation appears on Harold's plasticine face. "Son of a gun. You ain't gonna believe this."

"Oh, come on... what now?" Alpha sighs overdramatically and leans over to look at Harold's display. "Again?"

"Mhm. We're later than expected. God-damned busted temporal crap put us months in the future. We've gotta message the Hub so they know we missed the arrival point."

"The future?" I pause to consider this. "Wait, if we're in another universe's future... doesn't that mean we could screw their timeline up just by being here?"

Alpha wants to ignore me but decides against it. "Not really."

I don't believe him. "But if we're in the future, then doesn't that mean returning to my universe and time will cause a paradox? A split reality? Two streams of time? A butterfly effect?"

"The heck do butterflies hafta do with anything?" Harold asks. "That's gotta be the dumbest thing I ever done heard."

Alpha nods. "Yeah, it's no big deal. Time probably split when we arrived, but that happens all the time."

Marie pulls out a lighter and cigarette, glaring at me as I turn to her. "Don't even bother. I couldn't care less about your questions."

"I didn't ask you anything."

She stuffs the cigarette in her mouth and lights it with a flourish. "Yeah, but you were going to."

She's a dead end. I turn back to Alpha, who is now pulling out a chair at a table beside us and plopping down, evidently waiting for Harold to finish up something on his wrist-projector thing. "Alpha, what do you mean by 'time splits?' What does that even mean?"

Alpha rolls his eyes. "Well, whenever we travel through time, and occasionally to other universes, there's like, a split in the timeline. Another universe forms from the old one."

"Uh huh..."

He resists my prodding for a second but continues. "Well, imagine if a universe was traveling along its path to a destination we'll call 'X,' but then you, an outsider appeared. Since you will alter its trajectory, it changes course and reroutes to destination Y. A new universe emerges that continues to the original destination."

"That sounds ominous," I mutter, as I pull up a chair at the same table. "Yet you think it won't cause a paradox?"

"Pft, nah," Alpha says, smirking, as he leans his neck back against the chair and props his head up with his hands. "Unless you do some really crazy shit, universes merge back together almost a hundred percent of the time. No paradoxes."

"Oh," I say, not entirely convinced. "Well, you know more than I do, obviously. A hundred percent sounds good."

Several moments pass. Alpha closes his eyes and tries to relax, but his face tightens. "Well, okay, it's more like ninety percent of the time."

"Ninety," I echo. "So... a ten percent chance of failure."

He opens his eyes and stares at the ceiling. "Ehh, give or take ten or twenty percent. Pretty close to that."

I want to choke him to death. "That's a giant margin of error, Alpha."

He leans forward in his seat again, then waves his hand dismissively. "Man, it's no big deal. The Marie Council's got all that boring stuff under control. There are plenty of other Jasons who can take care of splits if push comes to shove."

"If you say so."

My throat is as dry as sand. I consider bugging the bartender for a drink, only to remember I have Wordsmithing. " **Milk.** "

A glass of ice-cold milk appears on the table before me. As I raise it to my lips, I notice Alpha squinting at me. "What? Got a problem?"

He looks away and shakes his head. "No. I just didn't picture you as someone who'd like... milk. Weird."

"What, you don't?"

He taps his lip thoughtfully. "No... I do. That's what's weird. Other Jasons I've met don't."

Alpha gives an inordinate amount of thought to my beverage, as he stares at a wall to his right blankly. Silently, I sip the milk, and its coolness soothes my aching tonsils. Whatever's in the air, it's frigging corrosive.

From our left, Harold clears his throat. "Hah-hum. Well, Central Hub sent me the info. It seems Marie 12F was all fired-up in this stream. She runs this place real good, keeps it in tip-top shape. She manages every part of society."

"Sounds like a nightmare to live in," Alpha mutters.

"The smog ain't very nice. That's probably the stench you guys're smellin'." Harold winks at me, though I'm not sure why. "Anyway, we're in the bottom levels of a big-ass skyscraper. This timeline's super advanced, she calls them 'stratoscrapers' 'n 'megascrapers.' They damn near reach Earth's atmosphere."

Marie 19A crosses her arms and leers toward the doorway. "Meh. I could do better."

"Just what I'd expect a Marie to say," Alpha grunts. "You know the situation now, right, Harold?"

"Mhm." Harold points straight above us. "We've gots ta' get up ta' the upper levels. That's where all the rich 'n powerful folks live."

While he and Alpha debate the next step of our plan, I glance to my right and spot a gigantic TV covering the entire wall. Only a small portion in the middle is playing something, but if it were expanded, it would put some movie theaters I've seen to shame. The volume is muted, but words crawl across the bottom of the screen.

An Asian-looking guy dressed in a sharp suit stares at the camera, and behind him plays a sweeping visual of several people milling about in the stands of an indoor amphitheater.

The news host nods at the camera. _David Finch and Caroline Watters are on the scene with other reporters as they gather for the Supreme Commander's speech. Caroline, tell us what the Commander is going to talk about today._

The camera cuts to a man and a woman standing a short distance from the people in the background. The woman is wearing a plain, functional blouse, and her lips are painted ruby-red with several layers of lipstick. She's very prim and proper, giving off a professional image.

_My pleasure, Kenji. As you know, our Supreme Commander has pushed through a host of legislative actions over the past year, some of which have angered critics and infuriated activist groups, including those who represent equal rights for the lower levels. While we do not know precisely what he will be talking about in his speech today, it is very likely that he is planning to address these criticisms, and will hopefully offer a response regarding complaints of governmental abuse. He has been met with 120 consecutive days of protests, so it's improbable he can continue to ignore the issues forever._

Her fellow reporter shuffles his feet and waits for an idle moment to jump in. When she pauses to take a breath, he spots his chance. _It's like Caroline says, Kenji. With the suicide rate increasing by 10,000% in just the last year, many middle-level and low-level officials are extremely worried about the possibility of that trend skyrocketing unabated. If the Supreme Commander has any compassion for those other than the upper 1%, we have yet to see him demonstrate it._

"Sparky. Hey." Alpha snaps his fingers and pulls me back to reality. "Let's go." He's already standing up. I was so engrossed in this otherworldly news report that I didn't even notice.

"Go? Where?" I quickly stand up and follow him as he heads for the door.

"I don't know, exactly. We're long past the date where we were supposed to meet with Marie 12F. I'm considering teleporting to the Central Hub and picking her up there, but maybe Harold's internal data is enough for now. We're just here to investigate this other Jason, after all."

As he and I catch up to Marie 19A and Harold at the door, she snakes a few ornery strands of hair behind her ear. "If we have to find the Jason of this stream, do you have the faintest clue where to look?"

Alpha nods. "There are, or were, two Jasons here. This stream is suspected of being a double-Source stream- very worrying. The first Jason is Jason 12F. He was supposedly killed by the second Jason, who Marie Alpha has designated 'Jason X.' His origins are a mystery, but based on memories taken from Jason X's mind-"

I hold my hand up to interrupt him. "Uh, sorry Alpha, but you're losing me. All of this is going right over my head."

More irritation. Alpha rolls his eyes. "I was answering Marie, not you. Obviously, you don't understand the basics of time travel, so you won't be able to follow along."

Marie opens the door, and as we walk through, I clench my fist. "Can't you just answer one little question without looking down on me? Five minutes would do wonders to explain what's going on."

We step into a musky corridor, one where the air is a little smoky and hard to see. There's a pungent taste in the air, like rotten fruit tossed into a roaring fire then pulled out after a few second and served on a platter.

Alpha shrugs. "Fine, fire away. What's your first question?"

His sudden reversal takes me by surprise. I stifle my gag reflex from the pungent air, and Harold takes the lead, walking down the hallway to an exit door. "What's a 'Source?'"

Alpha scrunches up his face. "I'm a Source. You're probably a Source. So are Jason 12F and X. To answer that question, I'd have to explain the multiverse and what caused it."

"Caused it?" I echo.

"Yes. I'm probably the reason we have a multiverse, since I'm the first Time Traveler. At least, that's what Marie Alpha says."

"I've thought the same thing," Marie 19A comments. She puffs on her cigarette and blows the smoke directly up into her nose, likely to try and smell less of the air around us.

"Mmm." Alpha clears his throat. "Anyway, I traveled back in time by speaking the word, 'Rewind.' When I did that, I created the first universe split. After several hundreds of years, I-" Alpha pauses mid-sentence and chokes up. I almost think it's because of the odor, but he touches his throat lightly before continuing. "I... lost someone dear to me. Several people, in fact. After many years, I decided to try and go back in time to undo a mistake I'd made. In the process, I made a huge mistake."

He doesn't continue. I wait for a few moments before prodding. "What mistake?"

Alpha shakes his head. "I'd rather not go into details. Suffice it to say; I underestimated the dangers of time travel."

A memory from a week ago comes to me. "You mean, the point where you nearly unleashed the Sentinels on the multiverse?"

Marie chuckles. "That's the one."

Alpha doesn't let his emotions slip. Light appears at the end of the hallway. It looks like we're about to enter an enclosed glass tube suspended in the air.

"Anyway. I time traveled several more times, jumping from point to point, not realizing the causality errors I was causing. At that point, the Central Hub contacted me. They began to explain the repercussions of my actions, but it was already too late. The damage was done."

Marie nods. "At that point, splits were happening regardless of his presence. We suspected there was another time traveler, and eventually found out it was Satan. He was still alive. Due to the nature of the multiverse, new streams don't appear linearly; they appear all at once. If you treat the Multiverse like a series of straight lines on a piece of paper, then they will all have different origin points, but anytime there's overlap in relative time, they exist in the same reference point."

Nodding along, I keep a thoughtful look frozen on my face. _I have no idea what the fuck they're saying,_ I think to myself. "Does that mean the multiverse is expanding on its own?"

"Prolly not," Harold drawls. "Sometimes it split, and sometimes the splits pop back together. Ever have a moment where people forget details 'bout the past? Maybe they misremember somethin' and jes' kinda shrug it off. That usually means two universes popped back together."

"They merge," Marie says, correcting the old man.

It takes me a moment, but a puzzle piece clicks into place. "Oh. You mean like deja vu?"

Alpha nods. He pauses before the exit, which turns out to be a spherical glass tube connecting our tower to one several hundred feet away. It's suspended in the air, and immediately my stomach lurches as I gaze through the transparent floor at the ground hundreds of feet below us. I can barely see, since the air outside is colored brown. It swirls around the tube like an underwater monster, begging for a chance to burst inside and devour us alive.

"Yes. Deja vu is a good descriptor. The Marie HQ was formed without my help, and she began monitoring the multiverse at some point before contacting me once she discovered I was causing most of the new universes to appear. By then, I didn't have a way to undo everything, so we committed to tracking down other potential Wordsmiths. As far as we know, the only people with the ability to split streams are Satan, Hope, and myself."

"And your clones guarding the other universes?"

My friendly question is shot down by Alpha with a smirk. "I don't have many clones. I try to keep their numbers low. Most of the other Jasons are from streams split before my birth. At one point I went back in time to speak to Heroes from the past to trace my lineage. Unfortunately, this split the streams multiple times and gave birth to many versions of me who have lived lives very different from mine."

Alpha starts to step onto the glass floor, but Harold stops him. "New data, kid. Jason X is the Supreme Commander in this universe. If you'n Sparky go walkin' around, people are gonna recognize ya, 'n it could cause trouble."

"Cripes. You'd think Marie Alpha would've mentioned that." Alpha turns to look at me for a moment before facing the glass tube again. His body shifts, and I notice the side of his face tighten ever so slightly. At the same time, my skin crawls, like I have fire ants chewing on the nerves in my face. After a moment, the sensation disappears. Alpha sighs. "There. Now nobody will recognize us."

"Just one more thing to worry about," Marie mutters. "If Marie 12F runs this universe, why is Jason X the Supreme Commander?"

I rub my cheek and watch as Marie and Alpha fearlessly step onto the glass without a care in the world. Gingerly, I press a foot onto it, shivering as nausea hits me with a gut punch. I could easily save myself if the glass blew out. Hell, even without Wordsmithing, the body the Gods gave me could take a fall at terminal velocity without killing me. "Maybe it's a puppet thing. She makes him the public face, but she's behind the scenes and controlling everything."

Marie suddenly laughs out loud, startling me. "Hahaha! How appropriate! I hope that's the case! It's exactly the kind of thing I would do!"

It only takes us half a minute to cross over to the other skyscraper. My animal-brain sighs in relief once we're back on visible ground. As we cross over from the dead and lifeless Arrival building, we step into a veritable sea of people. They seemingly appear out of midair, hordes of them chattering to each other noisily and strolling from here to there, talking about this and that. One boy sits over against a wall pushing a small toy back and forth while his friends laugh and comment about banal things in their imaginary play session.

The clothes people wear are noticeably cheap and lackluster. Several people cough a little or a lot, and occasionally some of them double over in pain and damn near spit up blood, but nobody stops to help the ones who look like they need to go to the hospital. One woman even appears annoyed her son can't walk beside her without making choking sounds that would cause a chain smoker from my era to blush.

"Lovely place," I comment dryly.

Harold's old eyes sweep around the room. "Looks like they done got several leaks in their buildings. The smog from outside's seepin' in. I can see damn near half a dozen weak points in the building's structure. Considerin' how tall these buildings are, there must be tons o' stress from all the weight above on these lower levels."

Alpha points across the way. "That looks like an elevator over there. C'mon; I can't wait to get out of here."

"A hovershaft," Marie comments. "How droll. I had those in my base. Here I thought her society would be highly-advanced, but these people are barely holding on. I wonder where the lack of quality is coming from."

Harold answers Marie's question for her. "Marie 12F's data says she don't care about the weak or sick. The smarter, richer people live in the upper levels, and the dumber people who ain't as good as the rest live in the lower levels."

We stop in front of a hovershaft, and Alpha presses a button on the wall, waiting for it to sputter down to our level and step inside. While we pause, a small commotion behind us catches my attention. I glance back and raise an eyebrow at a line of people walking in a straight line and yelling noisily. Their group holds dozens of signs, saying things like _'Down with nutrition bars!'_ and _'Demons aren't the enemy, Volgrim are! Stop the perpetual war!'_

A man outside of the protest yells something inaudible, and several people break off from the marching horde, screaming angrily at him and attacking him with fists and signs. "Bootlicker! Down with dual-citizens!!"

Alpha raises an eyebrow but doesn't move to help the man. "Cripes. Maybe the stories of 12F's unified and peaceful universe were a tad overblown."

It's now that I remember the newscast from before. "There are many people furious about the Supreme Commander's recent actions. The news said he was making life miserable for the middle and lower levels."

The hovershaft hums down and its doors open invitingly, allowing us to step inside. As we do and it closes, Marie rubs her nose. "You think so?"

The inertia as the hovershaft lurches into the air nearly makes me lose my lunch, especially when I realize that, once again, they built it out of ninety percent glass. The floor is transparent, making my feet tingle at the thought of falling through and plummeting to my death.

A small screen on the exit begins displaying the same channel broadcast from before. The news anchor from earlier, Kenji, smiles politely. "We continue to deliver updates as we wait for the Supreme Commander, Jason Hiro, to arrive onsite at the recently constructed Planet Hall, where he will deliver what he promises to be the first of several quarterly reports on the State of the Empire. Many people are asking about the Commander's unspoken intentions and whether he has any ulterior motives, but only time will tell. Joining us, we go on-scene with our reporters, and it seems that Caroline has managed to find a fascinating individual to speak to."

The camera changes perspective to show the beautiful blonde woman with the thick lipstick from earlier. Instead of her fellow reporter, now she has a burly-looking man wearing a military uniform standing beside her. He looks uncomfortable like he isn't enjoying being on camera, but every time her eyes meet his, he bows his head and smiles. He probably likes her.

"Thank you, Kenji. I'm here with Admiral Zhao, one of the leading figures at the top of Earthly Affairs. Zhao has worked alongside the Supreme Commander for millennia and crafted many bills even as recently as the last century, when he signed the Demon Enforcement Act. That piece of legislation was responsible for the increased patrols in the Labyrinth and allowed our troops to take down any demons caught outside the Containment Zone. Admiral Zhao, tell me," Caroline leans toward him and gently touches his hand with hers, causing the man to blush madly and pull away. "what do you think the Supreme Commander is going to talk about today?"

Zhao rubs the back of his head and straightens his posture slightly. "Well, ma'am, I'm not at liberty to discuss top-secret governmental affairs, as you know, but if I had to hazard a guess, I imagine he'll spend a large amount of time talking about the free travel between Heaven and Earth. As you know, his actions over the last year have caused some controversy, but our Commander is a wise man, and he understands that demons are our primary foes. His construction of new Energy Conduits to power our military's might has done wonders to help us further choke the demon infestation that threatens our lives."

Caroline nods for a few moments after he finishes, possibly receiving further questions from her station to ask him. "I see. And Admiral, what about the epidemic of suicides wracking our society these past few months? Do you think the Supreme Commander will address those issues?"

Zhao stiffens noticeably. "It is a sad day for our proud Empire when those who contribute nothing take the easy way out, rather than bettering themselves to move to the middle and upper levels of society. Anyone weak enough to cast their life away for a vague promise of nirvana is, in my opinion, a pathetic simpleton. Frankly, I wouldn't blame the Angels and Gods if they were planning a purge of the new arrivals. Citizens too weak to pledge themselves to our great empire should not be allowed to fill up the living space of our closest friends and allies."

Caroline nods neutrally. "I've heard that you are a staunch supporter of our Empire's creed. What would you say to those who state that it is unfair to the poor, and who claim those at the lower levels have limited upward mobility?"

Admiral Zhao's expression sours. "I have no respect for those who disrespect The Creed. _For glory, we aspire. Perfection, we achieve. Waste, we prevent. Failure, we despise._ Anyone who can't agree with eloquent words like those are likely traitors, and in my opinion, they work for the demons. The worst enemy is the one within."

The reporter slowly shuffles a step away from the admiral, her sweetness from earlier all but gone. "I see. Thank you very much for your time, Admiral Zhao. I'm sure our viewers will find your opinions... enlightening."

"It was my pleasure," The Admiral states, before nodding gruffly and strutting away.

I turn my attention away from the screen only to realize the other three were watching with rapt attention. Alpha rubs his chin. "That guy may be a pragmatist, but his opinions of the less fortunate are a little bit repugnant."

Marie raises an eyebrow. "Are you kidding? He only spoke the truth. If someone is useless, they should work hard to improve themselves or stop wasting limited resources on their worthless life. Nothing he said was controversial in the slightest."

Alpha crosses his arms, frowning. "You've been gifted from birth with extraordinary intelligence, Marie. Some people aren't as lucky as you."

"That's rich," Marie counters. "You've had magical, god-like powers since your 18th birthday. Don't even pretend you care about the unwashed masses. If you did, the Energy Wars wouldn't have happened in the first place."

"Children, children." Harold raises his hands and rests them on Marie and Alpha's shoulders. "Let's not get too heated. Didn't ya hear? The Supreme Commander is going ta' be givin' a speech. Once he appears, we can teleport right to him."

"After the cameras are off, anyway," Alpha retorts. "I see what you mean, though, Harold."

Marie pulls out another cigarette and lights it. I didn't even notice her throw the first one away. "The smog's clearing up outside."

I turn to stare out at the world before us. A sea of metal, concrete, and many space-age materials I can't identify, form the buildings which soar into the sky. Their peaks are so distant that I can't even make them out. The reflection of the midday sun against sheer walls of glass and polished metal makes me wince.

Marie evaluates the stratoscrapers cooly. "Looks like these towers are nano-assembled. It gives them a denser molecular structure so they can be built far higher than usual and support much more weight. Too bad their design is only good for holding them up; they wouldn't last against a high-energy earthquake or something impacting them. Marie 12F compromised security to get the most height and width possible out of these buildings. Sloppy."

"Seems impressive to me," Alpha counters. "I've never seen a planet like this. Not across all the different universes I've visited."

Marie rolls her eyes. "Perhaps you only find it impressive because you're a simpleton."

Alpha stares at her silently with an expression that says, _maybe you should keep your trap shut._ After a moment, he smiles. "Don't make me drop a boulder on you."

"Funny," she murmurs.

Whatever they're talking about, it appears to be an inside joke. They break out into smiles and chortle before gazing back outside at the view surrounding us.

I rest my hand on the glass wall, wistfully staring at the incredible vista. _I wish Cass and Sam could have been here to see this._

_Yes,_ murmurs the familiar voice inside me. _You left them behind. I knew you would._

I ignore the voice. Instead, I sigh. _Alpha still didn't tell me what a Source was._ _I'll have to ask him later._