Part 055 - Nemesis

"Confidence levels are down 15% since he arrived, and Umi is predicting that if we don't take care of the situation, it'll be a big mess on our hands." Beleth handed out papers to the other demons at the table and then went back to her seat quickly.

Bael sneered. "You're kidding. Initial reports by Beelzebub indicated he's no threat at all. We have nothing to fear. It's hard to even call him a whelp."

Beelzebub quietly smiled his usual barely noticeable edged grin. "I was there, I spoke to him. He's no threat yet, but given time he could be... problematic."

Beleth shifted in her seat. "I'm not saying he is or isn't, I'm merely giving Umi's report. When has she ever been wrong? We got to where we are now because of her. Can't we at least discuss this seriously?"

"Why are we even worrying? The combined power of the Lord of Darkness and the Lord of Flies is more than enough to stop any so-called 'Hero' that may appear. We've squashed dozens in just the last millennium. And even if he got dangerous, it'd hardly take more than a couple Dukes to put him out of his misery." Bael threw his hands up in exasperation. "You fools always do this. Every time a hero appears, you act as if the labyrinth will collapse in a week if we don't put the situation to rest. I'm getting bored. We do more paperwork and tap our fingers more to pass the time than we get to have fun."

A few other board members nodded their heads. Bael was an off-the-cuff speaker, but as one of the top 7 Demon Kings, his word held some sway.

President Ose cleared her throat. "Ahem! Well I certainly worry about it, even if the men here are all gung-ho to go out and fight. I can certainly understand the feeling but let's not do anything to jeopardize our... _finances_." Her otherwise sweet smile she had up to that point turned into a deadly venomous glare as she aimed it at Bael. He glanced away uncomfortably and zipped his mouth shut. President Ose was in charge of the money, and just so long as nothing disrupted the flow of it, everything was fine in her book.

Diablo stared down the table. As the director and the Third ranking of the three emperors, he held the most power at the table. Of course, one had to have both money, political favor, and raw power to ascend to his level, but even so he was unmatched in all three categories except for the other two emperors above him. "Quiet down, Ose. Nobody is going to do anything rash."

To Beelzebub, he directed his next question. "What do you know of the Hero? I want specifics. Details."

Beelzebub sat calmly, his eyes betraying no emotions. "He has a unique power, which of itself is worrying. His power is weak, but if he gets smart, he could be as much trouble as Joan was. Our best defense is the fact that he's rather... unintelligent.... and he doesn't realize what he possesses."

"Yes, but it's wishful thinking to assume he won't ever figure it out." Beleth indicated the blank monitor at the other end of the room, behind herself at the end of the table, where everyone could see the screen.

She turned the screen on to startling video. Bael immediately reacted, as she knew he would. "You can't be serious. Did the Lord of Flies help him out here?"

Beleth slowly shook her head. "No. He did this all by himself."

Beelzebub's eyes narrowed. "When was this video recorded? When I last saw him, he did not have that much power. Nowhere close."

Beleth indicated the timestamp at the bottom right of the screen. "Five months ago. It was a totally one-sided victory."

Beelzebub, rarely one to show his emotions, suddenly appeared confused. "That cannot be correct. I saw him 5 months ago. His power must have increased overnight. How is such a scale of magnitude possible?"

"Ah. Well, it would seem that he was in possession of one of the rings of the Archangels at this point." Beleth nodded knowingly as a murmur went around the table.

Diablo clenched his fist under the table. "That settles it. Contact the Lord of Flies. She witnessed his power, she can handle him as he is right now. We can't risk another Joan on our hands."

"Ah, about that..." President Ose roused herself back into the conversation once again, a finger playing with her long hair. "Dark Queen Amelia said that she refuses to fight him until he's a challenge. She told me she's... busy."

A universal light shrug went around the table. The feeling of 'ah, it can't be helped' was palpable in the air. "That's fine. Honestly, despite what I just saw, Amelia has good judgement. If he gets stronger, we'll just leave it to her." Diablo waved his hand at Beleth and she turned off the gruesome video. They might be demons, but even they have a limit.

Bael finally spoke again, after being silenced by Beleth earlier. "Ah, Director, if I may, I do have one small request."

Diablo nodded. "Go on, King Bael. Let's hear it."

Bael used his willpower to suppress even a small sadistic smile from appearing. "Might I be allowed to send just one of my lower ranked men? Someone disposable... just to test the Hero..."

Beleth smiled. That Bael... always up to something.