Part 260a

"ANALYZING GENETIC MAKEUP OF PILOT BROWN. ANALYZING COMPLETE. IN ORDER TO FACILITATE HIGHER COMBAT EFFICIENCY, A DIRECT NEURAL LINK IS RECOMMENDED DUE TO YOUR PRIOR MILITARY ENHANCEMENT PROCEDURES. WOULD YOU LIKE TO APPLY THE LINK NOW?"

Ah, excellent. I didn't know this suit could do that. Nowadays, most people were linked up to their tech, even their datapads and holo-watches, so that was an obvious choice. "How much will this increase combat efficiency?"

"PRELIMINARY SCANS INDICATE A ONE HUNDRED TWENTY PERCENT INCREASE IN COMBAT EFFECTIVENESS, SEVENTY PERCENT SPEED INCREASE, AND A FOUR HUNDRED PERCENT MENTAL ACUITY INCREASE. WOULD YOU LIKE TO APPLY THE LINK NOW?"

Jesus, 400%?! That's insane! "Yes! Apply the link."

A split second after I said it, I felt something stab into my spinal dataport as the suit synced up to my brain in an instant. Suddenly, I no longer saw the HUD in my helmet, as I was able to somehow perceive a 360 degree view of the world around myself, as if my entire body was covered in eyeballs. It was weird, in a way, almost as if I were detached from my body. The process was totally painless and took less than a few seconds to complete.

"SYNCHRONIZATION COMPLETE. ADJUSTING TO THE PILOT'S BIO-ENERGY LEVELS. ACTIVATING THE DIVERSION TO DRAW ENEMIES IN. PREPARE FOR COMBAT, PILOT BROWN."

The suit suddenly blasted an ultra high-pitched _whoop_ sound that repeated once every two seconds. Imperceptible to the human ear, it was easily detected by the aliens, who cocked their heads up as they detected the strange sound. To them, it almost had a terrifying quality to it, as it sounded like a fellow Volgarian screaming for help while being brutally attacked. With terror in their hearts, they immediately burst out of windows and charged down the streets as they raced towards the sound's source.

I felt my pulse quickening as my enhanced abilities showed over two thousand hostiles converging on my location. Damn, I didn't want this many at once, but if this suit is as good as they say, I should be able to handle it.

I instantly detected the first one as he charged in range of my plasma rifle. Leveling it at him, I instantly realized he wasn't a normal Volgarian, he was one of the _reds_. Firing without hesitation, I blasted three rapid-fire shots at him, my enhanced target tracking and hyper-fast mental acuity allowing me to trace his movement patterns and fire at his next position before he even knew where he would want to move to.

Before he knew what hit him, he suddenly felt the life vanish from his eyes, as his abominable corpse flopped lifelessly to the ground a few dozen feet away. None of the other soldiers knew why, but the aliens seemed to branch into two distinct species; the greys, and the reds. The greys tended to wear armor and shoot with guns. The reds were more like weird animals, their bodies often having long sword-like arms, and they preferred to fight at melee range. They often tore men apart while shrugging off dozens of bullets. I was lucky because my suit allowed me to hit their vital areas with uncanny precision. I felt like a special ops soldier and I didn't even undergo the higher levels of training.

As I pondered this, more arrived. A mixture of reds and greys. Since reds were harder to kill, I mentally prioritized them first. Firing in bursts of three, I consistently planted my shots in their vital areas, killing off each red within two seconds.

"MULTIPLE LOW LEVEL DEMONS KILLED. ALERT! VOLGRIM ARE PREPARING TO FIRE MICRO-GAUSS CANNON! SWITCHING TO MELEE COMBAT AND HIGH-DENSITY SHIELD MODE."

As a thin film of blue shielding was created over my body and I felt my movement slow noticeably, one thought entered my mind. _Demons? Did Centurion really say Demons?_

I didn't have time to think about it, as a titanic gun fired from down the street a quarter mile away, the shot smashing into me with incredible power. A large projectile, fired at some multiple of the speed of sound slammed into me, my entire visual system lighting up with alerts as I was sent flying into a nearby skyscraper, embedding myself deep into a thick brick wall.

"REPORT: DAMAGE INSIGNIFICANT. SUIT CONFIRMED AT 100% INTEGRITY. PROCEED TO ELIMINATE MICRO-GAUSS CANNON BEFORE IT CAN BE USED AGAINST ALLIED FORCES."

As Centurion told me this, I realized that in fact he was correct. I felt absolutely fine. I hadn't even really felt the impact of the bullet, or being slammed into this wall. For sure, that cannon could level an entire city, and yet it hadn't dealt the slightest damage to me? This suit is the stuff of legends!

Leaping out of the wall with unstoppable force, I tossed my gun aside, as I realized I didn't need it. Racing towards a group of Volgrim firing at me, I spoke quickly. "Switch focus to offense, Centurion."

"AFFIRMATIVE, DEACTIVATING HIGH-DENSITY SHIELD MODE. WOULD YOU LIKE TO ENABLE LIGHTNING MODE?"

Lightning mode?! Holy shit, that sounds awesome! "Yes!! Activate Lightning Mode!"

In the blink of an eye as my shield disappeared, I suddenly realized that my body had somehow become... invisible?! Two reds were looking around in confusion as I raced past them. I jerked my hand out and tore off the head of one with little effort, his disgusting body possessing two long swords for arms, while the other was a large hulking creature, apparently made for heavy labor or rough physical combat. I'd have to get him later.

Running forwards, I took out a group of seven Volgrim, as a strange radar system had begun alerting me to where enemies were clustered.

"ALERT. MICRO-GAUSS CANON HAS RELOADED AND IS CHARGING, IT WILL FIRE IN SEVEN SECONDS."

That's four seconds too long, chumps. You can't hit what you can't see, and you can't fire from what isn't in one piece anymore. Leaping up at a nearby building's wall, I tracked onto the cannon, located in the middle of the street a mere thousand feet away. Piece of cake. Shoving away from the wall with my enhanced leg augments, I screamed towards it at 500 feet per second. After two seconds, I had smashed through it with such explosive speed that it didn't register the hit until I impacted the ground behind it.

Checkmate.

As it exploded, I grabbed a rock nearby and hurled it with pinpoint accuracy towards the head of a Volgrim soldier, his various cerebral parts exploding outwards in various directions as the cannon and his head fell to pieces in the same number of seconds.

This suit... it will change _everything_.

...................................................................

Founder Dosena watched quietly as the action happened on the screen. Founder Unarin, the eldest of the five Founders, flinched as a specially created Gauss Cannon was destroyed in an instant. "Fascinating. So these are the primitives who humiliated you so effectively, then? It's one thing to hear about it, another to witness it in real time." He shifted his weight as he stood some feet away from the council room's primary viewscreen, even as the other four sat at the long table in their usual designated positions.

Dosena stared at the floor as no reply was able to form on her lips. Founder Cuanali, the fourth, was ready to take the opening. "I believe there has been, a, ah, a mistake, as it were. If your hypothesis, Unarin, about these 'humans' is ah, correct... then, being descended from Volgrim genes, perhaps they are actually much, ah, smarter, than we gave them credit for?"

Unarin glanced at Cuanali and then back to the viewscreen. "Yes, perhaps. Maybe, instead of thinking of them as primitives, we should think of them as... a parallel species of Volgrim... their brains evolved over tens of thousands, if not millions of rotations, to function differently from our own. As for these genetically altered super soldiers they seem to have deployed, they appear to bend even the laws of physics. Perhaps, in their altered minds, they have discovered branches of science we know nothing of."

Cinculu, the fifth, spoke up quickly. "Cheh... a laughable claim... perhaps they are receiving aid from the other Earth faction the demons spoke of... what were they called again?"

"Angels... they, um, they were the white clothed ones, with the ah, the wings." Cuanali retreated back into her datapad as she poked at numbers and graphs displaying the death counts for all the sides, as transmitted by UMI, the super-computer that had taken up residence in an isolated mainframe where it could harm nothing important, yet still prove its usefulness.

Dosena, finally finding her tongue, quietly whispered. "...I believe we have.... made a mistake..."

"Hmm? What was that, dear sister? Something on your mind? Something you'd like to _share_ with the rest of us?" Trayza, the third, glared at Dosena. Among the Founders, Trayza was considered the worst at concealing her emotions, and she often showed flashy displays of disgust and other such primitive functions that served no purpose in an elevated society. Oftentimes her emotions seemed to border on being so excessive that even a primitive species like the humans could not compare.

"You didn't fight them, head on. You don't understand what they're capable of..." Dosena spoke up with more clarity, but in her eyes, a broken soul now lived. "I've fought in thousands of battles during the Great Wars. I've never lost. Those primitives never gave up, and outmaneuvered me _twice_ in a row. I cannot say it was just the work of one lone great commander either, they seem to fight in unison, as if there are unseen cues that guide their weapons. To say nothing of their creativity and ingenuity on the battlefield... These are not flukes, they are simply better than we are when it comes to the matters of war."

"Well, um, might that have something to, ah, do with the fact that, ah, we haven't fought in a war... for tens of thousands of rotations?" Cuanali perked back up at the talk of war. While being one of the more reserved members among the Founders, she actually loved playing war simulations when there were no official duties to attend to. She might secretly even be considered one of the more war-loving members among the council.

"Yeah, we grew soft. Maybe we deserve to lose some battles, and if we lose a few trillion of our troops, that can only be good considering the pending crisis..." Trayza grimaced as she and everyone else among the Founders remembered what she referred to.

"How many more orbital cycles do we have?" Unarin turned away from the battle occurring on the viewscreen, as a grey-suited lone human wiped out an entire platoon of Volgarian and Demon troops. Looking out the plexiglass window, he stared up at their sun, which had dimmed another two percent this orbital cycle.

"If we're lucky, maybe five hundred more orbits." Trayza practically spit the words out as she rolled her eyes dramatically.

Cuanali changed the viewscreen from the battle to a series of diagrams and projections of their star's remaining lifespan. Cinculu read the reports from his dossier as the animations played. "Let's see, Refuge was finished five orbital cycles ago, and is now home to one hundred billion of our most elite citizens, with room for a billion more via the special lottery system... but we lack enough metallic ores or pseudo-metal to attempt to build another Refuge, so... for now, it is likely that 99.992% of our people will die if we can find no long term solution."

"And the other projects?"

"We have found four potential planets, including the habitable planet Earth, but two of those planets are in the Sol system, and the humans occupy both of them. The other two planets exceed twenty-thousand lightyears in distance from Volgarius. As long of a trip as Earth is, those planets are forty-percent further away."

"Surely some are closer and we might try Volforming them? Five hundred orbital cycles might be long enough." Unarin felt hope creep into his voice as he turned and faced Cinculu.

"No. The closest Volformable planet is 5,000 lightyears away. The materials needed would take at least two thousand trips, using our entire fleet and a potential 100% max efficiency response time. In a time of war such as this, we would be lucky to scrape together a quarter of the fleet at 10% efficiency. It's a dream that will never produce anything of value."

Despair clouded Unarin's face as he paced back over to the Plexiglass window that oversaw the capital of Volgarius. Over a trillion Volgarians lived in this mighty stronghold, and nearly every one of them was going to die unless he could solve this crisis. "Curses. Is there nothing we can do?"

Dosena spoke up hesitantly. "The Devil that gave us aid, the one who calls himself Satan... perhaps he could be of use. Think of the fortress and the dimensional pathway he created for us. Clearly he possesses a science that might aid us, the one that bends the very fabric of reality as we know it. Perhaps he can give us an insight that will save our people?"

Unarin nodded slowly. "Yes, perhaps... very well, call for him. I would do anything if it saved just one more percent of our species. _Anything_."

Founder Dosena reached into the folds of her garments, as she pulled out a familiar purple crystal she had grown all too used to calling upon over the last few orbits. What unfair offer would he demand in return for his services _this_ time? She remembered how he coldly told them the cost for a rift gate would be ten billion Volgarian lives. It had caused the First no end of anguish to accept such an offer. And this time? Perhaps he would demand a trillion.

It would still be worth it, if it saved the rest of their people.

Dosena flinched inwardly as she rubbed the purple crystal, and a familiar glow escaped from its innards.