Part 164

Lucifer grinned wickedly as he stood once again, trembling with power. In the blink of an eye, he raised his hand up, quickly casting a spell, as a strange black fog flooded the lands.

Shadows were everywhere, and the audience was having a tough time seeing what was going on.

Lucifer vanished, then reappeared, then vanished and reappeared, over and over again. He began moving so fast that Satan was having a tough time seeing where he had just appeared. Suddenly, a punch smashed into Satan's chest as Lucifer shadow-stepped while moving, his hand hitting Satan at nearly the speed of sound. The WHUMP was muffled due to Satan's chest strength, but the impact was not. Satan went smashing backwards, tumbling end over end unceremoniously until he came to a stop on his back.

He started to get up, but Lucifer appeared underneath him, using the shadow Satan's body itself cast on the ground. In a flash, he wrapped his strong arms and legs around Satan, and started squeezing hard. Pinning Satan's arms and legs down, he squeezed so hard that in a flash Satan's limbs made horrifying snapping sounds as he screamed in pain.

Belial and the audience watched in horror as Lucifer squeezed Satan tightly enough that his very being seemed to shatter.

And then, something odd happened. Lucifer started to scream instead, as his own bones started to break. He quickly let go and shadow stepped away, falling to the ground. "A-ah... you... bastard! What the devil just happened?!"

Satan, still lying flat on his back in agony, forced a smile. "Hehe, 'pain transfer'. It's not even a high level technique. You made prolonged painful skin contact with me, so I transferred it back to you. Now we're both in bad shape... hehe." Satan coughed and spit some blood out of his mouth.

Lucifer grimaced as he quickly used the orb again, once more healing his body. "What now? You're broken and I am not."

Satan laughed weakly. "Go ahead, try it. I have a surprise in store for you, if you've got the guts to attack a defenseless Devil with broken arms and legs."

Lucifer narrowed his eyes. _A bluff to be sure. He can't even cast spells as he is now._

He instantly disappeared, reappearing next to Satan's body, as he reared his hand back to smash it into the ground.

Satan's weak and pathetic looking smile disappeared, as a massive one overtook his face. " **Heh heh heh, young fool, you played right into it. Game over.** "

In the blink of an eye, an invisible hand smashed into Lucifer's face, sending him reeling back. Suddenly, more invisible attackers pounded him all over, some from the front, some from the sides, each blow feeling like he was being smashed with iron rods.

In the span of three seconds, his body was pummeled, beaten, and masticated over fifty times. And out of nowhere, the blows stopped, as he reeled back and fell to the ground. Satan rose up, as he appeared to float in the air without actually moving his broken body.

"I never wished for this to happen. You were third under me, a top general. You've led many battles and won through brute force, always killing from the shadows. A top agent, to be sure. But now, look at you. You can't win against me. I possess the ultimate attack, and the ultimate defense. My final trump card."

Lucifer gasped and wheezed as he lay on the ground. He had dropped the orb while being beaten, it lay only a few feet from his hand. But to him, it may as well have been a million leagues away. His arms were twisted in unnatural directions. His legs were snapped in half, his face beaten beyond comprehension. His breath came in ragged gasps.

"H-how? I... had... power... to beat you..." He rasped weakly, as blood trickled from his mouth to the grass his face pressed against.

Satan shrugged. "What good is brawn without brains? What good is all the power in the world, if you lack the wisdom to use it properly? You were destined to lose, no matter what. You were not even close to being a strong opponent. In fact, you were the weakest I have ever faced."

Satan leaned in close to Lucifer, his body still hovering stiffly in the air somehow. " _And make no mistake, you were unworthy of what Leviathan gave you._ "

Satan quickly righted his stiff body upwards. "The battle is over. Farewell, Lucifer."

In a single instant, another invisible blow came from nowhere, the power ten times what the previous ones were. It smashed into Lucifer's head, crushing his skull instantly. His brains exploded and bits and pieces flew all over as the crowd roared with delight.

_Lucifer, the third General of the demons, was dead._