Part 251a:

"So yer an alien, eh?" The imp stared up at the towering goliath that hovered far above him. "You don't look so tough."

"From my perspective, you are the alien, demon." The Volgrim eyed the small creature at his feet. He wasn't fond of the thought of working with these weak, pathetic life forms, but the orders had come from the founder themselves. None would ever disobey a direct order. "When do we begin the battle?"

The imp rolled his bulbous eyes around in his head and moaned as he thought about it. " _We_ ain't doin' nothin'. I ain't a part o' that attack wave, capisce? It's all _you_ in that first wave. If yer lucky, maybe they'll leave a mid-level demoness to help ya losers out. Old Davook here ain't gonna git his claws dirty helpin' the likes o' _you_."

"The feeling is mutual, tiny one." The elder Volgarian suppressed a sigh from deep within. Working with these primitives would be a great test of his patience.

"Ey! Davook! Git yer ass in gear! We're moving out in jes' thirty more seconds! Open the gate up ya lazy loon!" A goblin down the hall poked his head around the corner and yelled at the imp before jerking his head back without waiting for a response.

"For devil's sake, they make me do errything 'round here." Davook leaned away from the wall he had been propped against and dragged himself with a great lack of interest over to the centrifugal magic helix that Satan himself had set up a few weeks ago. He hovered his hand over it as he mentally input the coordinates for the target to attack. "Aight, get yer men ready, you got ten seconds 'fore I open this gate up."

"You can't open it fast enough." The elder Volgrim felt his emotions flare slightly as his company readied their weapons. "Hit them hard enough that they won't forget the faces of the Volgrim for a thousand rotations, troopers. We'll make them pay for the embarrassment of our last battle."

"Opening... now." Davook slapped his hand on the helix as a rift opened somewhere on planet Earth.

The war was being brought to the humans.

...................................................................

_Central Park, New York City._

David pushed his son Robert on the swing over and over. "Higher, daddy! Higher!" Robert smiled as he gave his son a harder shove than usual, but kept it moderated so his son didn't go flying off the swing-set. He was only seven, after all.

Finally David stopped giving him pushes and waited for the swing's momentum to slow before he finally grabbed hold of the chains and stopped its movement entirely. "Alright, sport, that's enough for today. We have to go visit mom at the hospital, all right?"

"Is it time yet? Do I get a little brother, or a sister?!" Robert hopped off the swing and ran at his dad, grabbing his father's jeans and jumping up and down excitedly. "I want a brother first! Daddy make it a brother!"

"That's in god's hands, not mine. But either way, whether you get a sister or a brother, you're still my favorite!" David picked up his son and swung him around in a circle by both hands.

"Whee!" Robert laughed as the two of them started walking away from the playground.

As they left, a miniature version of a singularity opened, as a warp gate from another dimension crashed into the reality Earth was in. A single Volgrim scout stepped out, dressed in full battle-suit tactical gear, he quickly surveyed the area. one hundred and twenty one humans in the area, all of them out of sight... for now. As he stepped out, he pressed a button on his suit, alerting his men that the area was clear.

In the blink of an eye, five hundred Volgrim warriors stormed out of the gateway into the park and started fanning out. Their primary goal was to kill as many humans as possible, and they were not planning to make it back alive. This was a suicide mission, pure and simple, but they were clones, and this is what they were bred to do.

"Elder, should we begin the attack, or wait for further reinforcements?" The second in command, swept his glance around the park. A group of six humans were approaching according to infrared, and they would spot the Volgrim troops within seconds.

"Begin the attack. Kill all witnesses as quickly as possible. Leave none alive."

"As you command. I contemplate, and I comprehend."

...................................................................

Gregory took a swing at me with an open palm, blasting a fireball out of his hand that missed me by inches. While my suit's sensors indicated it was heated to over 3,000C, it would have dealt no damage to me at all. I merely dodged it as part of the mock battle.

Before the fireball could hit the metallic walls of my underground base and cause a nasty scorch mark, I jerked my hand out and grabbed it, extinguishing it with the tiniest of effort.

Gregory scowled. "That suit of yours... I swear, it's a totally unfair weapon. I've never so much as put a scratch on you. The ultimate offense, and the ultimate defense."

"It's not the only thing I've heard described like that." I said this as I recalled my battle with Satan in the labyrinth, far in the future... or the past? Both, maybe. I would need a weapon to surpass his own, if it ever came down to a fight.

"Fair enough." Gregory cricked his neck back as he stared at me. "Should we do another round? Hardly seems worth it since all you ever do is beat me black and blue."

"Hey, I heal you up, too. Let's be fair here."

"Your 'healing' is a lot like a rottweiler performing brain surgery. Not very delicate, and just as painful as the initial injuries. I'll pass." Gregory smiled slightly as we started walking together towards the exit of my custom built training facility. Every wall, floor tile, and ceiling was heavily reinforced, soundproofed, and modified. At this point, it was easily strong enough that detonating a nuclear bomb in here would likely not damage the rest of the facility, not that I wished to test that theory out.

"You know..." Gregory spoke haltingly as we exited the room. "...I've been hearing rumors among the other demons lately. Seems something big is coming. They're calling it 'Exodus', but they aren't being specific about anything."

"Exodus? That doesn't exactly sound like party time. Sounds dangerous."

"Yes, it's high level only right now. I only know about it because a demon I know is friends with this other demon... you get the picture. Anyway, just watch out. If push comes to shove, I have to stick with my people over humans. Just be careful, all right?"

"Sure thing, Gregory. Humanity has me, anyway. What's the worst that could possibly happen?"

As we exited the room, an aide of mine ran up to me breathlessly. "Judicator! It's terrible! New York City! Detroit! Los Angeles! T-they've been...!!"

The room we sparred in was indeed secure, but perhaps too secure. No communications in or out, and luck was not on our side. The Volgrim had timed their attack at coincidentally the worst possible time; during my training sessions.

This attack would not soon be forgotten.
