Part 041

"Well. That was lame."

Amelia laid on her stomach on the bed, twiddling a piece of fabric with her fingers.

"Like, she hardly even put up a fight. Was she really that strong in the first place?" Amelia was greatly disappointed. She blew a piece of hair up and away from her face as it fell in front of her eye.

I shrugged. "There were many great leaders, at least in my human history, who relied more on trickery or deceit rather than raw power to achieve their goals. Bahamut was just... one of those kinds of beings."

I chewed on the meat. I'm just glad it wasn't any more fucking chicken. I'm so tired of chicken.

"I have to say, Roasted Bahamut is actually quite good. A solid texture. Soft enough to eat without silverware, but tough enough to get a real workout for my mouth." Kar mumbled as he stuffed his face. Turns out she tasted a lot like fish.

We were inside the great palace she had created an eon ago. Servants and people greatly thankful for freeing them were bringing us anything we asked for. I was a veritable king at the moment.

As I chewed on a cooked piece of Bahamut, I considered how quickly it had all ended. Thanks to Solomon's Crown, I was able to perceive that some invisible condition had been released when I took the ring, and I no longer had to accept her tests.

She was so weak. And surprisingly stupid. She tried badly to goad me into accepting another challenge, I simply pretended to accept, and then when I got tired of her stalling, I destroyed her in a flash.

Actually, I had the weird feeling that there weren't three challenges in the first place. There was only one challenge, the riddle. The other two were a ruse to con adventurers into challenging her for her rings.

But why? Thanks to the power of the rings, all she had to do was issue the challenge herself. It was considered a spiritually binding contract. Why did she need the adventurers to issue a challenge?

My head hurt. It doesn't matter anyway. Now she's dead and we're all devouring her non-chicken flesh greedily. I of course stuck to the fish-like tail, as did Amelia. The more... human looking parts... we left those to Kar. He's a crocodile, so to him meat is just meat.

I twiddled the two rings in my finger. _Michael_ and _Raphael_. I hadn't put them on yet. I'm not sure if I was ready for another episode of what happened with Gabriel. Soon though, I will. For now, I have a new mission.

Amelia. She is dangerous. She seems sweet and innocent, but I've witnessed her darker side on more than a few occasions. And thanks to my recent merging with Gabriel, as well as the further enhanced abilities of the Crown, I have noticed many key things.

[if!supportLists]1. Her power far exceeds mine. I have not yet witnessed any other demons with my new vision, but hers is definitely far above me.

[if!supportLists]2. Her aura is a demonic black. I saw auras of many other people at this place. Nobody else is black, or any shade similar. I don't know if this is unique to her or if all creepy little demon girls are like this.

[if!supportLists]3. I'm fairly certain of why her power is so extreme. Beelzebub called her 'The Lord of Flies". She also has Blaarjiim's power inside her. That means she has the combined power of two demon lords. Wouldn't that make her... the strongest demon lord? Maybe even a Duke? I don't have enough data on other Lords so I just can't accurately tell how strong she is in the rankings.

Amelia. Who is she? Where does she come from? I must find out.