Part 096: The Beginning

I walked along with my child, a boy of youthful stature but with a strong aura about him. "He will lead the tribe one day.", that is what the village guru had told me. Aaron was my oldest boy of my 6 children, and I treasured him above the others.

A father should not pick sides. A father should love all his children equally. But Aaron was special. He was fearless. A great warrior, a great leader, he will be one of these someday, probably both.

Aaron and I paused at the stream, our spears in hand. "Aaron, today is your tenth birthday. You will have to become a man now, and start helping the other men in the village."

Aaron nodded as we stared at the stream.

I pointed at the water in front of us. "However, you cannot become a man until you are able to catch ten fish in a single day. Do I make myself clear?"

He stared at the water for a few seconds. "Yes father. I will do it on my first try."

Confident. That's why I loved my boy. Aaron was always so sure of his abilities. He always did things right the first time. He listened carefully, followed his instructions, and often improved the task during the process. These were qualities a village leader would need, especially when we may soon have to go to war with neighboring tribes for food and hunting ground expansion.

Aaron readied his spear as he hunched down and waded into the water. If I know Aaron, he'll easily complete this task. I'm not so sure about his brothers, but this will be a trifle for him.

Aaron stood quietly for several minutes, his body poised to attack. His eyes wordlessly followed the movement of the creatures below him. I took a seat on the bank and swigged some water from my canteen.

Aaron steadied himself as a rather large trout drew near. I smiled and leaned in, staring intently. In the blink of an eye, Aaron stabbed down and pierced the fish, impaling directly through the center of its body. A clean kill. Hoisting it up out of the water, he cheered wildly. "One down, nine to go!!"

I smiled at him, and broke out into a huge grin. "Well done, my son! You always make me so proud!"

Aaron beamed back at me, and as he turned to look away, he halted. And stared at something behind me with a look of... horror?

I tried to turn around but could not. I was... falling? I fell to the ground, as a silent agony overtook me. What?! Where am I?! Why is it getting... so... hard to... see... things...

...................................................................

I stared in horror as the demonic four legged beast cleanly chopped off my father's head. I gazed in terror as his smiling expression stayed frozen on his face as he silently fell to the ground. His head landed with a thud, and then... his eyes closed, forever.

I couldn't move. I couldn't speak. Absolute terror overtook my body. _Demons_. They were sighted now and again, but I've only ever heard father tell me stories about the imps. Small little creatures, easily kicked out of the way or stabbed to death. Troublemakers to be sure, and dangerous in large packs, but mostly harmless and annoying.

But... but... this... _thing_ that had killed my father... I couldn't stop trembling. I've never been so afraid in my life. It stood upright, and it was only 5 feet tall, but imps are only a foot tall usually. This monstrosity was terrifying compared to the imps I'd heard of. It had two long arms, but each arm was simply a long piece of flesh with an unimaginably sharp sword on the end. This... _thing_ existed purely to cut and kill.

It hissed at me as it curled up its lips into a smile. " _Small human. You will tell your people that we will no longer be trampled and spat on. We are the Scyther, the first evolution of the Demon race. Be on your guard, for we will cut you all to pieces. Our time for revenge is nigh._ "

The creature gasped and wheezed, a noise I could only assume was the sound of a gross vile sounding laugh.

" _Sorry about your daddy, little boy. I'll leave him for you to bury. Heh heh heh... humans are so weak._ "

And with that, the demon turned around and slowly walked back into the forest.

I stared at the body of my father, now slumped over, with huge gouts of blood spouting out of his neck. It finally tumbled over, coming to a rest on the ground.

Father... I can't... I couldn't even protect you... you have no right to be proud of me...

Suddenly, anger filled my mind.

The demons. I will make them _pay_.
