Part 481c: The Central Hub

"Take your clothes off," Jason Alpha says, a weird smile on his face. "You need to be decontaminated."

A cold drop of sweat runs down my back. "Are... are you serious?" I suppose stripping down in front of myself isn't shameful or anything, but... Helen's watching...

Shrugging, I grumble silently to myself and start to unbuckle my belt, only for Harold to burst out laughing. "Haw! The son of a gun was about ta' do it!"

Alpha's body trembles as he holds a laugh in, but Harold's chortling puts him over the edge. "Pft! I can't believe you fell for that. Oldest joke in the book!"

My cheeks burn, and I quickly put my buckle back on. Helen looks away, trying not to make eye contact.

"Funny," I mutter.

The men laugh and slap their knees for a solid minute straight while I turn my back to them, silently plotting my revenge. It doesn't take long for my eyes to start roving around. The room is illuminated by lights in the ceiling, but aside from the bulbs, nothing else is in the room with us. The floor is made of tiled metal panels, perhaps two-by-two, all slapped together that form a series of squares which stretch out to the edges of the room. I wonder privately why Alpha would teleport here of all places. What's the point of an empty room?

Alpha and Harold finally stop laughing and regain their senses. Harold pokes me in the back. "It was just a joke, kid! Don't get all bothered by it!"

"I'm not annoyed. I'm just wondering what this room is for, if not decontamination."

I turn back to face them, and Alpha wipes away his last tear of laughter. "Oh, this place? It's the Arrival Point. When you're dealing with time travelers, and the worrying possibility that Satan or someone else could find it, you have to take several precautions."

He doesn't elaborate, so I nod expectantly. "Like?"

A pause. Alpha rubs his forehead slowly. "Well, for one thing, there are several levels of confidentiality involved with news of the future, past, things like that. It's need-to-know, and you don't need to know just yet."

From behind, the sound of metal grinding makes me flinch and jerk my head around. A slat in the ceiling and a camera pops out and evaluates us. Marie's voice squawks from an unseen loudspeaker. "Visit number?"

Harold takes a step toward the camera. "Ahh, it's about one four nine, six three three, one four two."

"About?" Marie's analytical voice pops out a single word. "Is it 'about' that number, or exactly that number?"

"Exactly," Alpha says, cutting Harold off. "What coordinate have we arrived at?"

The camera stares at us silently for several moments before Marie replies. "Looks like it's been about three thousand years since the last coordinate. I'm pulling up the files now." It takes a few seconds, but she coughs audibly before the camera shifts slightly to look at me. "Is this the variant you detailed the last time you were here?"

"Yup." Alpha keeps his reply short.

"So no identifier? Make sure he knows the rules before you enter."

"I will," Alpha promises. He reaches over and grabs my shoulder. "He's one of the good guys!"

"If you say so." Marie doesn't sound convinced. Her camera menacingly leans forward, almost shoving into my face. "You'll be under 64/5 surveillance while you're here. No funny business."

"No funny business," I echo, while wondering to myself, _what's 64/5 about?_

Without another word, the camera retracts, lifts back up into the ceiling, and the slat closes behind it. The sound of rumbling at the other side of the room draws my attention. When I look in its direction, I flinch as a doorway suddenly appears. A wall panel I hadn't noticed, roughly 8 feet tall and three wide, slides to the side, revealing a mystery area outside.

Alpha grunts under his breath. "Don't talk to anyone. If you do, they'll just ignore you. Also, stay close. There's anti-energy everywhere in this facility, and the potency of it is a million times worse than anything you've seen in your short life."

The four of us start trudging toward the door. "Why so much anti-energy?"

"Protection, Sparky." Alpha pauses at the doorway and looks up at the ceiling. "Imagine if Satan found this place. We'd want to be able to kill him the instant he arrived, and at a minimum prevent him from collapsing the dimen- Marie! Marie! You forgot the bracelets!" Alpha interrupts himself to howl at the ceiling. "Why am I reminding you of this? It's always me who forgets!"

Her voice sounds off once more. "I was... just testing you. Yes, that's what it was. You passed." Another panel opens in the ceiling, and Alpha holds his palm above his head, allowing four blue bracelets to land perfectly in his grasp.

He lowers his hand and grumbles again. "Testing me, my ass. I leave for a few thousand years, and you bums... mumble-mumble..." He trails off, and I don't catch the rest of it. After a few seconds, he presses two of the bracelets into Harold and Helen's hands, then stares at one of the two remainders before lightly tossing it to me. I catch it and note the glowing letters on its screen. _Sparky._ Funny.

As I attach my bracelet, I glance at his. _Big Dawg 4162,_ it reads. _Is he serious?_ Harold's and Helen's simply display their names, plus a string of digits similar to Alpha's. I wonder what the numbers stand for.

Finally, he pushes forward, and I follow after him, Harold and Helen behind me. Immediately, a sense of _volume_ hits me, as if we've gone from a sensory deprivation chamber to the streets of Chicago. We enter a giant room that vaguely reminds me of a high-tech shopping mall, or like the New York Stock Exchange that I remember from before I entered the cryopod. Rows of computer screens hang down from the ceiling, each one displaying a vast array of technical data that makes my head spin. Elevators rise and fall, but they seem to ride on cushions of air, and are sealed inside tubes.

Helen helpfully points to them and says, "Hovershafts." They look pretty advanced. I suppose for a neanderthal from the industrial and computing age, anything from the future would seem sci-fi to me.

Fountains, gardens, all sorts of decorations are spread out all over the place. Several rooms, their occupants visible through soundproof glass-walls, are scattered around here and there. The room must be as wide as ten football fields. I can barely see the distant walls, which rise several hundred feet to a glass ceiling above. Up there, the soles of people's shoes are visible as they walk around on the glass, unflinching, despite how high they are. The glass looks like it could shatter all at once and everyone above would plummet to a gruesome death. I don't have much in the way of acrophobia, but even I'd be a little wary walking on that glass.

But what stuns me the most is the sheer number of people traveling around. While clumps of pedestrians stand together and talk, the majority of people just travel from place to place, barely looking at those they pass. Blinking, I notice not one, but two, three, and possibly more Maries, along with a bunch of faces I don't recognize, and occasionally a face or two that look copypasted from one person to the next. After scanning the crowd for a moment, I manage to pick out Benjamin Brown, and a few other vaguely familiar faces, but most of the people are unknown to me.

"Why are there so many Marie Beckers walking around? Who are all these people?"

Alpha politely waits, allowing me to take in the sights. "Time travel, as I've said, is very complicated. Marie and I couldn't handle the workload all by ourselves, even with clones, plus having fresh perspectives now and then is always good, so we started enlisting the help of various agents across all the different streams. Source universes tend to be an exception, but that's a bit beyond your clearance level. Pretty much everyone here will recognize me, but due to self-imposed restrictions, people are only allowed to talk with others under certain circumstances, especially when involving streams that are very similar and..." He trails off, tapping his lip. "...eh, it's boring stuff. Anyway, I need to meet with one of the top-level Maries here, and they'll probably interview you later. Don't overthink it."

He starts walking toward the crowds without waiting for a response, so I just shrug and follow him. Helen and Harold lock hands, and soon I find myself wading through the crowd. Their faces mix together in my mind, and soon I notice a person here or there staring at me curiously before quickly looking away. There's a general unspoken sentiment that I'm different from what they're used to seeing, but nobody vocalizes their thoughts.

Soft music plays from speakers all around, reminding me of elevator music, but perhaps a little more inspired. As we walk across a bridge spanning a pond in the middle of the gigantic stadium, I spot a man and woman dancing inside a room, love in their eyes.

Agents, huh? These people manage the time-stream, but they're still ordinary men and women, not robots.

After several minutes of walking, we arrive at a door with a series of buttons and sensors, and Alpha quickly starts typing codes, scanning his thumb, holding his eye open, and saying a string of nonsensical words. "The cat named Camilla jumped through the wire trap, the turtle-dove entered the last day of autumn, sixteen dwarves cooking over an open fire..."

That last part makes me curl up my lip, but I shake my head and look away. A person breaks off from the crowd and walks over to us, and I realize it's one of the Marie clones, except her hair is black instead of red, and she's wearing a bathrobe instead of something like a suit or more professional attire. It's not the sort of thing I'd expect her to wear.

"Jason Alpha? What are you up to this time?"

He shrugs. "I have to tell Marie Alpha a few things, and this guy here's an anomaly, so I've just got a bunch of work ahead of me."

She stops and stares at me for a few moments before turning back to Alpha. "Yeah, you do hate work. Well, I was just curious, that's all." She stares at me again for a moment before walking away.

I decide to offer my opinion. "The heck was that about? She's a little nosy. Dressed weird, too."

"Yup. She's not Marie, though." Alpha smirks. "The confusion is written all over your face. She's one of my clones."

"Huh?" I try not to stare at him judgmentally, but a look of disgust spreads across my face. "You made a clone of yourself, and turned him female? That's creepy, dude."

"Not really. I've done it several times before. There's a reason for all the madness around here." The door suddenly clicks audibly and opens up, and a shudder goes through my body, as if for a millisecond I were being blasted with anti-energy. Alpha stumbles slightly. "Oof, that's always jarring. Sorry for the pain, looks like you noticed it too. This is the part of the Central Hub where all the good stuff happens. Naturally, we keep it flooded with incredibly high concentrations of anti-energy. Even ordinary humans need to take pills to neutralize its effects on their body."

"Jeez. You guys take security seriously."

"Mhm. Stay close, within ten feet of me, until we're in the waiting area. If you stray too far... well, don't. Just don't."

Helen presses up to my side and locks her arm through mine. "Harold isn't affected by anti-energy, but I am, sweetheart. I hope you don't mind me staying close. Anti-energy will kill me ten times faster than it will you."

"No, it's fine, ma'am." I feel a little self-conscious having her so close, but at the same time she's like my great-great-ancestor by age, so it's not that bad.

We walk through the door, and as it closes behind us, I feel like I've entered the Twilight Zone. Space-age white walls, nondescript, line a long, narrow hallway with solid iron doors littered across from each other The hallway curves up ahead to an unknown destination, and as Alpha walks forward, I realize the moment he moves too quickly that there's a sickness bubbling up in my stomach. I quickly pull Helen along and walk faster to match his pace. There must be a drone in the ceiling or something negating the anti-energy around him, which allows him to walk around without instantly dying. However, surrounded by anti-energy like this, I'd pity an enemy who tried to teleport away. Since we're enclosed with it surrounding us in a sphere, we couldn't make the jump even if we wanted. We're trapped.

The hall curves left, right, left, sometimes there are intersections, but unlike the mall-strip outside, nobody else walks around in these halls. It's only once we've traveled the length of several city blocks that we encounter the first Marie, a stray walking down the hall in the opposite direction we are. Her face is stern, and judging by the datapad in her hand and her pace- nonchalant without loitering, she's going to a specific destination. The Marie nods at Alpha and ignores the rest of us, but says nothing otherwise.

A minute later, we step into 'the thick of it.' Out of nowhere, Maries spring up left and right, walking up and down the hallways, some merely crossing from one door to the next. By chance, one of them opens the door to my right, and I catch a glimpse of what's inside. A dozen monitors, a chair, and a whole bunch of gadgets I barely see at all but would be hard-pressed to describe even if I could examine them thoroughly.

Observation rooms.

That's what I'd call them. They look like rooms where each Marie can monitor places or people undisturbed. If I had to guess, I'd say they're soundproof too, for maximum isolation. Windowless, nobody else around... sounds depressing. _Who'd want to work here?_

The crowd of Maries thickens, and by now none of them even bother acknowledging Alpha's presence, let alone the rest of us. The corridor feels more constricted than it did before, so I make sure to stay close to Alpha, along with Helen.

Alpha eventually slows his pace. "We're here."

We arrive in a wider, more open room, about the size of a large hospital check-in area. Chairs and benches line the walls, but there aren't any televisions playing football or gristly old men joking around about Vietnam like I'd expect from hospitals in the time I once lived. Just a whole bunch of Maries passing through.

Alpha's shoulders relax, even as another Marie pushes past him. "Now for the fun part."

"Fun part?"

"Yup." Alpha walks over to a counter where three Maries are parked, each of them with several holographic globes, computer displays, and other assorted gadgets spread out before them. I curse silently, wishing I hadn't stuck the Crown in storage. I could pull it out and instantly understand what these devices do, but that would be a terrible idea, given the security countermeasures here. They'll probably think I'm pulling out a bomb and instantly atomize me.

_Gulp._

The closest Marie at the desk flicks her eyes up to glance at Alpha before lowering them again. "Your number?"

"One four nine, six three three, one four two," Alpha says.

"Uh huh. Purpose of your visit?" This Marie looks very unamused. I notice a streak of yellow going through her red hair, though. A way to distinguish herself from the others? Every Marie I've seen so far, barring Alpha's clone in the bathrobe, wears the same generic business suit or lab-coat, as if to designate their workspaces. Aside from that, they all look identical. When Alpha called his clones to fight Satan, those guys looked and acted unique from one another, as if they were doing so deliberately to send a message. Marie, however, seems fine with all of her copies looking and acting the same.

"I'm here to see Marie Alpha."

"Mmm." Receptionist Marie goes quiet for several seconds as if she's completely tuned us out. While she taps on the screen, occasionally glancing to her side to check some readout I can't see, Alpha flashes a smile at me. "She's determining clearance levels and a bunch of other stuff. It's boring stuff."

_He sure loves calling everything boring,_ my mind mutters.

Seconds turn into minutes. I tap my foot impatiently as we wait, but Alpha just stares blankly at the Marie, almost looking through her. He's probably reminiscing about some past event or whatever. All the while, he rubs the ring on his hand, pulling it slightly off, then back on again, over and over. Without a rush of things to do, I casually examine the golden band. It has a tiny jewel inset, probably diamond, given its white color. The ring is very dull otherwise, but with a start, I realize it resembles the three archangel rings I'm wearing.

"Hey." I reach over and poke Alpha's shoulder. "That ring of yours... is there anything special about it?"

Alpha blinks and his eyes refocus as he returns to reality. "Huh? What? This?" An embarrassed expression floods his face as he sticks his hand in his pocket. "Oh, uh, it's nothing. It belonged to an old friend of mine. She gave it to me when she... well... never mind. It's boring stuff." He turns his head away, uninterested in continuing the conversation.

_I wonder if the ring belonged to an archangel once,_ my mind whispers questioningly.

"Okay, we're all set." The receptionist speaks up, startling me. I forgot she even existed for a moment. "She'll see you in four hours, thirty-four minutes and sixteen seconds."

"Wow, she's bringing the hustle this time," Alpha says, as he whistles slowly. "Last time I had to wait three days."

"She is a very busy woman," the receptionist Marie says. Her tone is bland enough that I can almost taste depression. "Take a seat."

Wordlessly, Alpha beckons for me to follow, Helen pulls away from me and steps back to her husband. "There's no anti-energy is this room, so we'll part ways here. Try not to weep, cutie, but I'll hang on my husband, now."

"Darn," I say, smiling politely at her. She's a funny lady. "I'm the loser in this situation."

"Tootin' straight," Harold says, as he rubs his wife's back. "You got two of your own, kid! This one's my lady! Pahaha!"

The four of us wander over to the benches and sit down. Despite all the Maries going in and out of the waiting area, some to a pair of giant double doors on the opposite side of the reception desk, others to different doors and rooms elsewhere, not a single Marie ever sits down and waits. It's as if I'm watching lemmings traveling around from one place to the next. Why even build this giant waiting area? Do they get tons of visitors sporadically?

Harold and Helen start whispering to each other, and I don't bother to eavesdrop. Alpha leans back in his seat and sighs, then pulls another chair closer and kicks his feet up on it.

"Better get comfy. It'll be a while."

I don't take him up on his offer, and instead just lean back against the wall, silently watching the stream of Maries walking past. Just how many are here? A thousand? Several thousand? Why are so many necessary?

Time travel. Not just time travel, but multiverses. I'm not a complete idiot; I can take stabs in the dark at how they might work. There are a few theories I read, years ago. One of them is the idea of infinite universes... for every possibility, every choice we make, every random collision of atoms, there exists another universe where a different outcome occurs. One universe might have me defeat Diablo in combat, while in another I miss just slightly with my final blow and the battle ends in a stalemate, but then there's also my universe where I get beat down like a little bitch, and an infinite number of permutations in between.

Infinite universes... unlikely. I'd say, based on how Alpha reacted when he met me, and how he considers me an aberration, that there must be a finite number of universes.

If that's the case, then the other option is that time travel is what creates a new universe. If I travel back in time and kill a young Adolf Hitler, then a new universe will be created, one where he lives, and one where he dies. After all, if I kill him early, then that would create a paradox, since in the future I travel from, my reason for going back in time would change, and I probably wouldn't go back. The fact that the multiverse exists at all and that Alpha has suggested time travel is dangerous must mean the two are linked.

So if time travel creates new universes, what are the rules and restrictions? Could I grab a sports almanac from 40 years in the future, travel back to my current time, and simply live out a new life where I become an eccentric billionaire? Does traveling to the future create a new universe?

Hell, maybe they aren't linked in the way that I think. Maybe it isn't time travel that creates new universes. Perhaps time travel just jumps you from one universe to the next. What if I skip from an exact moment in time in my universe to an identical one in a different universe? Does time travel include universe hopping? Can I move between the universes at will?

Shit, then there's the question of the universes themselves. Do they vary dramatically? Alpha said the Kolvaxians were limited to just one universe, or 'stream,' or whatever... so is that universe different from my own? Maybe it's identical, except for the fact the Kolvaxians exist. Maybe people in the Kolvaxian universe have four arms and legs, and they can shoot web from their butts and crawl on walls like spiders.

Well, every human I've seen so far looks like I'd expect. I haven't seen one that falls far off the bell curve of acceptable dimensions. Then again, they might be keeping the weird ones in a laboratory somewhere. Given what Cassiel told me about Marie, I can imagine her making freakish Chimera monsters out of little girls and dogs, just to see if it's possible.

"You okay?" Alpha's voice makes me flinch in surprise. I was so lost in thought that I was off in la-la land. "You've been staring at the receptionist for five minutes straight. It's kinda creepy."

"I am? I mean, I was?" I quickly look away as blood rushes to my cheeks. "Uh, I was lost in thought. Just thinking about time travel and how it works."

Alpha turns away. "Cool." He doesn't say anything else, which feels a little rude.

"We're going to be here a few hours. Why not just explain to me how time travel works?"

"It's boring stuff." He shrugs and continues to face left, away from me. "And dangerous. We try to minimize the number of Travelers as much as possible. If you never time travel in your life, the multiverse will be better for it."

"Why?"

He turns back, a look of irritation on his face. "Whaddya mean, 'why?' Awful things can happen. I learned that the hard way."

Helen and Harold's conversation dies down, and I feel their gaze on my back. Still, I press him. "Can't you tell me, even in the vaguest terms, what happened?"

Alpha stares coldly into my eyes. "I had to exterminate an entire universe. It was the only way to be certain."

"Y-you what?!" My mouth flops open. Shock surges through me. "How- no, why? That seems excessive!"

"Yeah. Excessive." Slowly, Alpha licks his lips. "You remember your little pet Sentinel? The one Satan stole when he left?"

"Mhm." I swallow and realize I'm probably not ready for what he's about to say.

"Before the Kolvaxians, there was a different threat to the multiverse. It was entirely my fault. I thought I could just go back in time and save a woman I cared for, but in the process, I accidentally leaked information to the Volgrim. When they awakened the Sentinels, those robots learned of the existence of the multiverse, and that I could destroy them. They spread apart, rather than bunching together, and began to build an army of millions. We didn't realize until it was almost too late. Once we found out, the Sentinels launched their assault, and nearly gained access to one of Marie's beacons- the ones that allow her variants to travel from the Central Hub to each universe."

Alpha's lips dry up like an apple in the middle of the desert. "I had seconds, just a few precious seconds to come up with a plan. Given the options at my disposal, which were basically none, I opted to use the failsafe. I collapsed the entire universe, killing every soul in every galaxy across the entire span of its cosmos. Not only did I destroy those Sentinels, I also killed our agents, septillions of innocents, and the woman I loved. Ironic. I went back in time to save her life, and ended up killing her instead."

He turns to stare at the crowd of Maries cycling through the room. "I will never forget."

It takes me a moment to form a response. "Why not just collapse the Milky Way? That's still, you know, all of humanity, the Volgrim, etcetera... but still."

"Wouldn't work. I had to assume the Sentinels may have entered unseen dimensions, were outside the Milky Way, and may have even reached other galaxies. There was only one choice I could make at that moment." He shakes his head and slouches back in the chair, slowly sagging down until he's looking at the ceiling. "I learned about cause and effect because of that, and we devised many of the protection systems that you've seen already. Those include the confidentiality system, clearance levels, and even how this place is flooded with anti-energy. I realized how devastating it would be if Satan or a Sentinel made it into the Central Hub, and how much damage they could cause." Alpha smiles grimly. "They could destroy the multiverse, you know. They could destroy everything."

A long minute passes as neither of us says anything.

"Alpha, if you can collapse an entire universe..." I pause, realizing the significance of what I'm about to ask. "...then... does that mean Satan can, as well?"

He coughs. "Don't ask questions you don't want the answer to."

Oh god. That means _yes_.

Alpha closes his eyes. "Just shut up for a while, Sparky. This topic is boring. Time travel is boring. I hate it."

I nod, while staring at a clock on the wall. _Four hours, twenty-four minutes left. He's given me a lot to think about._

I tilt my head to the right, and my eyes meet Helen's. She quickly lowers her gaze. "Don't judge him harshly, dear. You don't know what he's been through."

I nod slightly. _She's right. I don't._

Sighing, I close my eyes. _Maybe he has the right idea. I should just take a catnap._
