Part 351a: Allegiance

Bael clenched his fist as he unwound the flail from his body. A bead of sweat dripped down from his forehead, causing him to wonder for a moment if the room's temperature had increased, or if it was just his imagination.

A flicker of movement made Bael jerk to face it. It appeared to be nothing, but he was wary, as the flail twitched in his hand. "Where are you, maggot? Come and face me."

"Demons should not fight other demons. Humans are the enemy." A voice spoke from all directions, seeming to come from the walls themselves. "The humans count on us and our infighting to divide us. This is how they are winning."

"I don't give a shit about that!" Bael flicked his flail, causing it to surge forwards and smash out a window and the wall attached to it, the noise being deafening at this time of night. "I just want to test you. I just want to fight!"

"Is that all?" The voice paused and Bael caught a glimpse of a shape forming down the hallway, as Davook reformed himself from the shadows, smoke turning into a physical form as he stood nonchalantly with one hand on his hip. "Go ahead, then. I'm right here."

Bael barely hesitated to consider if this was a feint, lunging his flail forwards at the figure encased in smoke. The moment he did, he felt a strange sensation under one of his feet. A moment later he slipped and toppled forwards, the flail falling flat just as he did.

"I control the shadows. I am the shadows. You are fighting in my territory, now. Give up... I do not wish to fight one of my own kind."

From down the hall where they had taken cover, Smealum and Torlok watched in awe as their mentor and leader battled one of the four demon emperors, and seemed to even be winning. "This is crazy. How did he get this strong just from killing a few humans?" Smealum whispered so as to not draw the ire of Bael, though now he was beginning to doubt that their boss would let the big guy hurt them.

"Always said, man, th' boss is one tough cookie." Torlok grinned eagerly as Bael rose to his feet again. "He's smart too. Not just some big dumbass who throws a big ball o' steel 'round. He likes ta' get in yer' mind when he fights."

Bael stared ahead silently for a few moments at the shadowy figure at the end of the hall, taking a moment to think. "The shadows are your ally, then? I see." His strange calmness was something rarely seen. "Then it follows... the light is your weakness."

"Correct." The shadow leaned against the wall without a care in the world. "By fighting me at night, you are fighting in the worst possible conditions. You should leave now, lest you face another humiliating defeat. Wouldn't want a repeat of that encounter with the current Supreme Commander, would you?"

Bael's calmness vanished in an instant as he gritted his teeth and felt a vein pop in his forehead. "You... bastard... how do you know about that?! No shadow-walkers were present for that battle!"

"Correct, again. I was an imp at the time. I managed the portals that allowed the demons to enter and exit. I heard tale of how the hero smote you with the Holy Sword, Excalibur. You shouldn't feel too ashamed. After all... even you are too _weak_ to hold up against the condensed power of the Holy Sword."

The shadow seemed to snicker to himself as he spoke the word _weak_. Bael didn't find it amusing.

"I am not weak! I am strong. Blows that would kill a weaker demon merely stun me. Even Diablo fears my wrath! Satan instated me as his fourth Emperor because he understands my true power!"

The shadow pulled away from the wall and walked forwards slowly. "Big words, for a weakling. Satan uses you as a pawn. I see the shadow attached to your mind... to the minds of all demons. Satan knows you are stupid and would never question his authority. Even Diablo is not intelligent enough to see... the truth about demon-kind. We're all toys for Satan to use as he sees fit."

Bael smashed his foot into the ground to root himself properly, once again lunging forwards with his flail at the shadow. "What are you blabbering about?! Just die already, you impotent little shit!"

Bael smiled to himself as he felt the shadows shifting around his feet once again. _A one-trick pony... he still isn't used to his evolution abilities yet. He thinks of me as an idiot to test his powers on. Let's... change that._

The Fourth Emperor stabbed his free hand forwards, delicately flicking a light-switch on as all the lights in the corridor flooded the hallway. Davook took a step back and screamed in pain as the flail hit him, blasting him into a thousand pieces... his body evaporated into mist and a strange feeling of pain could almost be felt in the air.

"Heh... and here you thought you were invincible." Bael pulled the flail back quickly as he clapped his hands together. "Care for a round two? Maybe I killed you. If I did, you're even more pathetic than I thought."

Torlok bit his nails as he glanced down the hallway. "Th-that looked kinda brutal... hope th' boss 's okay..."

His concern was addressed almost immediately, as the lights in the hallway went out again, this time with a fizzling noise.

A voice spoke from the darkness, once more. "That was... unexpected. You made me admit my weakness, then used it against me. Smart. However, this much light will merely inconvenience me. Only a pure light, brighter than the stars in the sky... only a light like that could truly harm me."

Bael quickly flicked the switch again, only to feel dismayed that the lights wouldn't turn on. "Did the flail even hurt you?"

"No." The shadow reformed again, this time much closer to the Fourth Emperor. "It merely dispersed me. My body should be impenetrable to physical attacks now. As for the lights, I've severed all the connections in the building, since the inside of the walls are covered in darkness. You will not be able to use that trick twice."

Bael nodded solemnly, his anger and rage gone now. "My biggest weakness as a demon is my inability to use magic. This is also my strength, as the human weapons that harm other demons have little effect on me. If my physical attacks won't harm you, then you will inevitably win this battle."

"Mmm." Davook grunted, neither affirming nor denying the sentiment. "Whether I win or lose matters little. However, I am no longer part of the labyrinth, as of today."

Torlok stepped out of hiding, walking forwards a few steps as he stared at his boss in confusion. "No longer part o' the labyrinth? But... but... what about us?"

"You are close allies of mine, and former subordinates. As of today, we are no longer working together. I have my own ambitions to fulfill." Davook reach behind himself and touched the spot on his neck that still seemed to sting ever so slightly. "The human who captured me... he inadvertently gave me this power. I suspect that he severed my connection to Satan by pumping me full of anti-energy."

Bael narrowed his eyes as he examined the lack of expression on the shadow's face. "Severed your connection? Explain."

Davook's voice had an edge of sadness to it as he spoke again. "It's simple, really. You're all being used. Satan somehow is able to steal the soul energy of those you kill, then give it back to those who he deems worthy... without his influence, demons would evolve much more rapidly after killing one another or humans... or angels. Everything we've been told about our evolutions... is based on lies. Satan is controlling the demons for his own gain."

Bael crossed his arms and smirked. "I've known Satan for millennia, whelp. He's not that kind of leader. Even when all the demons were wiped out, he still fought for our kind. He sought to rebuild our numbers to their former glory, and he never gave up in the fight against our oppressors."

"Precisely. Think about it, Bael. You're not as thick as I first presumed. When the War in Heaven was fought and the angels and demons were wiped out en-masse... did Satan seem to grow in power around that time?"

Bael shrugged at the question. "Everyone who survived became stronger. What's your point? You think you can change my allegiance with pretty words? Satan is the strongest of our kind. I won't question his authority after all these thousands of years. You weren't even there when we invaded Heaven, so don't act like you know what happened."

Davook sighed as he turned around and started to walk away. "You're right. I wasn't. But I see it clearly now, the strings he uses to hold you in place. Only one who has the ability to see these strings will understand. I will take my leave now."

Before he could disappear, Bael reached forwards and grabbed him by the shoulder. "Wait. If you're leaving the labyrinth... doesn't that make you an enemy? A rogue agent?"

Davook pulled away from Bael's grasp and glared at him slightly. "I have no interest in Satan's schemes. Despite his manipulation of our kind, he is performing decently. I have my own goals to attend to. You will not see me again unless I have found a way to rid our kind of the humans for good."

Smealum decided to speak up, seeing his former boss was about to leave. "Davook, come on... you don't have to do this. You should stay with us and help us fight back against the humans! You have power now!"

"Power, yes. This power is not one I asked for, but it feels right. However, that name... Davook. I feel as if it no longer suits me. The name was given to a buffoon of an imp." Davook paused for a few moments before shrugging. "I shall think of a new one, given time. For my old comrades, I will not forget you. I will always be watching from the shadows. Take care, friends."

The three demons barely had time to register his parting words before he evaporated into mist.

Davook was gone.

..........................................................................

I swing my paddle deftly, knocking the small ball back at the holographic recreation of a tennis champion from the 21st century, marveling at how he always seems to be able to anticipate my reactions. These holograms are becoming more advanced all the time!

He barely even moves as he swats the ping-pong ball back at me and I return it in kind, before he finally whacks it too fast for me to catch it.

"Jeez. Another perfect round. I really suck at this." The digital scoreboard hovers in the background, as if to mock me, making my digital opponent's score pulse blue. 10-0, my loss.

"You did your best!" The man cheers me on with his mechanical sounding voice, but all it does is make me feel worse.

"Hologram off." I barely put any life into the words as the simulation shuts down. I quickly grab a towel nearby before it disappears and wipe my face down, then I head out the door.

The holo-deck opens directly onto the kitchen and dining area, so when I walk out, I'm mostly unsurprised to see Amelia sitting by herself on a sofa with her legs tucked under herself, reading a book.

"Oh! You're back." I walk over and take a seat next to her, conjuring myself up a small glass of light beer... something I've been trying out lately. The beer tastes like shit but it makes relaxing a lot easier.

"Yep." Amelia barely even acknowledges my presence as I sit beside her on the couch. She's not wearing her nurse uniform, so she must have been back for a while now. I do like the cute blue sundress though, it fits her well.

"What'cha reading?" I flick my eyes over the book but they glaze over immediately. It doesn't look like a fiction novel or anything I'd find interesting.

"Advanced psychology... learning about how to help patients who have experienced a lot of... trauma." Amelia seems colder than usual, but when I put my arm over her shoulders, she leans back into me and rests her head on my chest just fine. She doesn't seem to want to put the damn book down though... almost as bad as when cell phones were a thing and I could never get people to look me in the eye.

"Trauma, huh? Had a lot of patients like that lately?"

"Just a few." Amelia shrugs lightly as she thumbs the page over and reads the next one. "Trauma has a lot of long lasting effects. It's too bad we don't have better ways to deal with it."

"Medical technology is advancing steadily... brain augments will get there eventually, I think." I take a sip of my beer as I glance away from the book over at some fish swimming in their fishbowl.

"Yeah... but brain augments are kind of... I dunno..." Amelia's words sound casual enough, but I can't help but notice that she seems very bothered by something.

"Are you doing all right? We haven't talked much this week."

Amelia finally sighs as she sets the book down. The movement makes me feel slightly guilty, like I stopped her from enjoying her reading time. "Well... a lot of things have happened lately."

I nodded along neutrally. "Right..."

"I mean, you know how it is right now. The demons are being destroyed, our hospitals are being emptied out..." Her voice trails off as if she wants to say something else, yet fears my reaction.

I poke her in the ribs jokingly. "Mhm. Go on..."

She seems to fidget at my touch, but finally continues. "Well, I had this patient today... he suffered a lot of pain and wasn't acting the way he normally might. Someone hurt him... really bad."

"That's terrible! What happened?" I keep my questions neutral, noticing that she's playing with her long black hair now, going out of her way to avoid eye contact with me. She's such a child sometimes.

"I... don't know exactly." Amelia says this and I immediately can tell she's lying. She knows exactly what happened. Still, it's not polite to call her out forcefully, so I'll wait. "All I know is that he was badly scarred up, and even when I healed him, he still carried the pain in his heart. I'm worried about him."

"Well, that's good of you. I've been hurt badly before too, physically and emotionally. The only thing that will make the trauma go away is time, I think. I've had nearly two hundred years, but most other humans haven't lived nearly that long."

"Yeah... humans. Listen, Jason, actually it's more that... he... uh..." Amelia starts to say something else but I hear a familiar sound as a teleportation occurs right in the middle of the kitchen and a familiar figure is left standing there, getting his bearings.

"Sensei?" I pull my arm away from Amelia and quickly stand up, noticing that he doesn't look to be in a good mood.

"Jason. Good thing I found you so quickly. Listen, something really bad happened on Earth not even an hour ago. An entire hospital staff and all of their patients were brutally murdered. You need to get down there immediately."

My teeth grit almost involuntarily as he delivers the news. "You're kidding. Who would do such a thing?! It must be the work of the demons... or a serial killer. But we've weeded out most of those personality types though, so..."

Sensei nods vigorously. "I've barely had a look at the scene, but other clones are looking into it. The thing is, this happened at the place I told you about."

I stared at him carefully for a moment. "The Peeler? You found it?"

"Yeah. Turns out it was hidden under the same hospital that was butchered."

"Christ." I quickly turn back to Amelia and offer an apologetic look. "Sorry, but our talk has to be cut off early. I need to check this out."

Only then do I notice a look of horror spread across her face. "I... I'm going with you. I need to see this... for myself..." She quickly gets up and walks over to me. "Bring me with you."

I almost want to deny her, but the way she asks the question makes a weird feeling appear in the back of my mind. Besides, if it's just bodies and corpses, I'm sure she won't be affected by it anyway... she's not some innocent child after all, and neither am I.

"Alright. We'll go. Let's continue that conversation when we get back though, okay?"

"Uh... sure." Her response sounds anything but confident, but I don't have the luxury of time to question her.

I turn back to Sensei. "I don't know which hospital it is, so you take us there."

"Can do." Sensei aims his mind at Amelia and I. " **Return.** "
