Part 014:

The voice falters. "Are... you denying me?"

"Yeah." I say plainly. "You can piss off. I want to go back home, go to sleep, eat pizza, and never think about this place ever again."

The voice fills with contempt. "You are a fool. All have accepted my offer and ended up in positions of power and fame. Why would you think you are too good for me?"

"It's not that I'm too good for you." I say this to the void, still having no idea where this voice is coming from. I suspect it's the pitch black orb clasped in the statue's hand, but I can't honestly tell. "It's that I don't trust any weird monster voice speaking in my head."

"Yet you seem to trust Hoarhiim, my counterpart." The voice somehow mentally licks its lips. How am I receiving such weird mental images. "You are not just a fool, you are a hypocritical fool. You desire power but fail to admit this to yourself. You're blinded by naivety."

I frown, physically and mentally. "Are you that orb over there? The black one? Are you talking about my bright orb over here? I still have no idea what is going on."

**"INSOLENCE!"** The voice booms in my mind. "How DARE you call me a black orb, I am Blaarjiim, the mighty Lord of Darkness! Have respect for your elders or I will strike you down where you stand!"

"That won't be possible." Another voice appears in my mind. It's a soft one, this time decidedly the same as the voice I felt earlier in the bedroom. It must be coming from Hoarhiim, the orb of light in my hand. "As long as this one is under my protection, you have no power over this one unless you can get them to purposefully accept your power."

"Hoarhiim... you meddling little..." Blaarjiim trails off.

"Why do you want to give me power anyway?" I ask Blaarjiim. "Seems like a raw deal for you. Are you just lonely?"

"L-LONELY?! Again with the insolence and disrespect! Hoarhiim, now I see why you picked this one, you would do anything to take a shot at me!" Blaarjiim's voice is quivering with rage.

I pause to consider the weird scene I am in. Two sentient orbs of spiritual energy unheard of except in stories and movies are having a heated argument over me, a lowly insolent human. One of them apparently likes me enough to turn me into a wizard, the other one wants to kill me but can't, because I'm a wizard or something.

"Listen, if you promise not to misbehave, I can take you along with me and Hoarhiim and we can have a little adventure together." I say this pointedly at the black orb and the mental face in my mind actually seems to consider this, then it grins evilly again.

"So... you do admit to desiring my power. A wise choice, one you will soon come to love." Blaarjiim grinned, pleased with himself. He'd truly outwitted the lowly mortal once again, as he always had done. Every poor fool fell for the trick. Luckily, Hoarhiim never interfered or warned the idiot saps, since he was a non-interventionist.

"I think you're getting the wrong idea." I said flatly. "I'm not going to take any of your power or anything, I just figured you might want to come along with us and check out the place. Get a load of the sights or something. You know, get out and stretch a bit."

There was a very long pause. Uncomfortably long.

"Surely... you jest. You just want me to come along without taking even a fraction of my infinite power?"

"Yeah."

"No ulterior motives? No plots to have Hoarhiim strip me of my spiritual energy? No dropping me in the pits of Sheol?"

"Uh, no." I frowned. Pits of Sheol? Was that the actual place of torture and agony I could see roiling around directly below me? They called it fucking _Sheol_?

"I... I've never had someone deny my power before. You are a... curious one. VERY WELL, mortal! I will accept your offer!" I nodded and walked over towards the black orb, pausing for a second before I reached for Blaarjiim. "Hey Hoarhiim, he's not gonna try anything if I touch him, right?"

Hoarhiim shook his head in my mind. "No, if you refuse his power, he has no ability to harm you, especially if I am here."

"Fantastic." I say, and I quickly pluck Blaarjiim out of the statue's hand with my other free hand.

Suddenly I felt an incredible shaking as an earthquake started happening. Blaarjiim beamed an image of a deep broad grin into my mind. "I may not hurt you, but that doesn't mean _they_ can't."
