Part 212a:

Uzziel smiles as she steps away from me and does a quick bow. "Thank you for your efforts, Jason."

I return the smile and perform my own somewhat clumsy but earnest bow. "No, thank you for bringing me up to Heaven. I was given two precious gifts that I won't soon forget. Knowledge, via the archangels, and knowledge via the Crown."

Uzziel nods and glances around the room of my secret base. "If you don't mind me asking, what comes next for you?"

"Simply put, I'm going to build a robotic army." I beckon towards another room. "I have a massive empty facility made to accommodate tens of thousands of robots, spaceships, other things of that sort. I will begin summoning them in earnest."

I pause for a moment to consider something. "In the future I came from, I was a mighty being, and had the power of gods flowing in my veins, plus the power of the, err, the Beacon of Life. Essentially, I had a lot of spiritual energy, but now I only have one of those things. Would it somehow be possible to obtain more spiritual energy for me so that I can increase my limits?"

Uzziel stares ahead blankly past my shoulder as she seems to consider it. "I suppose so, by having angels give you their energy or by somehow finding a way to generate more yourself. Being a human has its faults, but also its advantages, you know."

Hmm. I'll have to think about it. I nod at her. "All right, that's all I wished to know. Thank you Uzziel, feel free to visit me any time you like."

She smiles sweetly and with a quick motion of the hand, she teleports away again, back up to heaven.

I walk over to the couch facing the massive TV on my wall, and sigh deeply as I sink into it. Rubbing my finger over the crown now affixed to my head, I smile as I think about the day's events. A lot has transpired.

Harold is sitting on his pedestal, facing the TV, but he appears to not be watching it at all, more like he is staring glumly at the ground. He seems to be sad about something.

"Harold, is anything wrong? What's the matter?"

Harold doesn't answer me for a few long moments, then I see his face shift in my mental vision as he seems to look at me. "Oh... Jason. Right, what were ye' sayin'?"

He seems very distracted. "Are you doing all right, old timer? You feel pretty distant since we've gotten back."

He nods slowly. "Oh... yes. Well, I been thinkin' bout some stuff... Mostly bout mah wife, Helen. Ain't seen her since prolly 'bout four years 'fore I passed. Couldn't help but think 'bout some things."

I nod and stare silently as I let him speak. He seems to need to vent about something.

"We were, you know, up there 'n Heaven. I kept seeing all them angels poppin' up cuz they died 'n whatnot. Just couldn't help but think that maybe... maybe mah wife was one o' those who passed. She was real religious, you know. Always went to Sunday School, always talkin' with the ladies from her church. I was never really a man of the cloth mah'self. S'pose that's why I'm in this here orb, and not up there."

I nod again as I listen. "Do you think that... maybe... your wife is one of the angels?"

He stares away from my face, towards the void of nothingness on the ground. "Yeap... I'm s'posin' so. I ain't seen her round up there, but there were so many angels that... ya know... I could look forever 'n never find her. Worse than the shoppin' malls of nowadays."

Damn. To think Harold had thoughts like this. I hadn't even considered what it meant to take a dead old man to heaven. I hadn't even asked for his opinion on things. I'm... callous, sometimes. "Sorry, Harold. I should have asked you if you wanted to go, first. I just took you along without-"

Harold interrupted me. "N-now hear me out, son! I ain't never said you was wrong, bringin' me up there. I ain't need none o' your pity, boy. I fought in the first world war and served in the military for the second, ya know. I'm prolly made of tougher stuff than you'd ever be, son. You got them powers, you can jes' make things pop outta thin air with ye mind, but the rest o' us normal people, well... we got reasons to be scared. It takes courage to fight a demon, I'd warrant, but it takes more courage to walk onto a battlefield where you can be killed outta nowhere by some man you ain't never e'en seen before!"

Harold continued. "You seem so cocky, so sure o' yourself, yet accordin' to what you done said 'fore, aliens are gonna appear in the near future and kill us all! If that's the case, then you need ta' grow some humility and learn to respect others. It ain't gonna be you winnin' this war all by yourself, son. It takes an army to beat an army. That's what the wars taught me."

Harold tapered his words off to a low grumble. "Of course, I'm jes' some dumb ol' man. What's a grandpa know 'bout anything, anyway?"

I could see pain in Harold's eyes. He was a man who had fought and won, loved and lost. A simple man, of a simple background, who had been called upon to fight for his country, but age had made him give it all up, and now from his perspective the youth of his day had grown up to ruin the country, and the world, that he fought to protect. It probably made him feel... helpless. Useless, even.

"No, Harold. I don't think you are... foolish. I respect those who are older than me. I don't think I'm foolish either, but I don't know much about the world around me, when it all comes down to it. I'm just trying to guess at how the future will play out, but I'm like a little kid playing with dynamite. I could make everything way worse. If you have information to volunteer, just tell me, I'll make use of it the best that I can."

Harold smiled slightly. "Thanks, boy. You really know how to make an old man feel better."

I nodded as I walked over and picked him up and then turned to walk towards the other empty hangar. "In any case, one thing is for certain, Harold. A war is coming, and humanity and the angels will lose if we can't beat the aliens. I think we can both agree that if we wish to defeat the enemy, we need weapons to surpass theirs."

Harold grinned in my mental vision. "That's right! You're got the perfect attitude, kid! Let's build some weapons!"

I feel my smile decrease as I walk into the empty hangar, as I imagine the task in front of me. If only Harold could help me out, or fight in this war himself. That would surely give him some joy. Better to be an active supporter than to be passively trapped in that damn orb.

Oh well. I brush the thought away as I set him down, concentrating intensely on creating the first of many items needed to win the upcoming war.
