Part 075 - Portent

I shifted my weight as we walked. I don't carry much anymore, not in the way of provisions anyways. I can summon anything with a simple word. _Fire, tomato, water..._ I can make all the food I want and I no longer have to eat that goddamned infernal chicken anymore.

Glancing down at my waist, I felt noticeable disappointment as I always do. Hoarhiim. I had left him behind in Phoebe's care back in Hero City, and I've grown to miss his voice. I'm still connected to him, so if he reawakens I will immediately be able to speak to him again, but for the journey I'm going on, his presence would be more of a hindrance.

I don't need his light in the darkness anymore, I have perfect spatial awareness. If anything, being able to move silently in the darkness and not draw attention to myself has been a great blessing. His light would not only obviously give my position away, it would give the enemy ample time to react as I approached them.

I guess I don't really need the element of surprise, given how powerful I've become, but I always am cautious when it comes to the denizens of this hell. I still don't know how I'd fare against a Duke class demon or higher, and I'd prefer I don't find out before I'm ready.

We walked down the hallway and drew near the door that my map indicated would lead us back to Todoro and Peter's world. " **Disperse.** " I said, commanding my 10 minions to vanish. They simply disappeared into an unknown void, waiting for me to re-summon them. I kept Beelzebub here, if only because I thought he might be slightly useful.

The three of us stepped out of the door and into their world. The beauty of it was mostly lost on me, as I could no longer see normally. I could feel grass under my feet... and I could perceive trees and houses, as well as crops nearby. But the 'beauty' of nature was wasted on me.

Expanding my sphere of vision, I searched outwards, sending my mind to lots of different nearby areas.

"It's so good to be home!" Peter exclaimed, falling into the grass.

"Hold on. We posted two guards at the entrance to the door. Where are they?" Todoro stepped forwards and looked around warily.

Peter instantly jumped to his feet. "Ah, sorry, I got carried away. Why would they leave?"

I ignored his query as my mind roved around the place. "There is no life anywhere within 5 miles. That's my maximum detection range."

Peter nodded. "All the people here must have packed up and fled. Why would anyone live near a gate that opens up to Hell itself?"

Todoro seemed unconvinced. "The soldiers wouldn't have fled though. They would stay here until their duty was finished. We were only gone two days or so. There's no reason to have fled."

As the two debated over why the people had left, I reached my hand up to silence them.

"You're misunderstanding me. I didn't say there was no human life anywhere. I said there was no _life_ anywhere."

They paused to consider my words, and horror grew on their faces as they realized what I truly meant.

Peter, almost whispering, spoke. "All the life in this area... is gone?"