Part 342a - Reversal

Marie grinned devilishly at herself, or rather, the other 'her' standing a few feet away. "You look like an angel."

"I _am_ an angel. But you knew that already." Her other form from this universe smiled back. "Long time no see, sort of. It's only been a day or two, but dying has a way of messing up your internal chronometer."

"More importantly, I guess this proves your theory after all." Human Marie eyeballed her angelic clone up and down. "What does it feel like? Anything noteworthy?"

"A tremendous increase in most human abilities. My vision is improved, my hearing, my strength, speed... my brain doesn't feel any faster, but..."

"...You can't make something any faster when it's already as good as it gets." Human Marie finished Angel Marie's sentence for her, both of them cracking up like little children. "Honestly though, I didn't think you were right, all those years. The fact you can just give energy to the angels and reincarnate once dead means you essentially have a get-out-of-death-free card. The first time, anyway. And not you, I suppose, but more me..."

"Yeah, I already used mine up. If you don't start praying nightly, you won't be able to make use of this ability." Angel Marie glanced around the small room. Thanks to the mental transmitter, she had been able to get in touch with Marie 6F, the designation for her universe that they had arbitrarily settled on. Honestly, the names didn't matter that much, except when talking in a group of three or more.

"Gods don't exist in the universe I come from, so the resurrection project won't benefit me. As long as I stay in this universe they might, but if you're here now, then I need to return to mine." The human Marie reached back and pulled a cup of coffee off the small bedside table behind herself. "If only you'd seen the look on Satan's face when he saw me. He was completely flabbergasted."

"I believe it! Satan is a powerful demon, but thick as they come. It'll take him some time to piece it all together. But... listen... before you return, I need your help with something." The angel paused as she scratched her chin for a moment. "It's with regards to my new form, and a convenient pawn I stumbled across. Simply put, I have a plan to destroy the angels and gods. It might just work so splendidly that we create Jason's future that he's so worried about hundreds of years early. There is, however, a problem..."

The human Marie stared at her carefully. "You're an angel now, so if you kill off the other angels, you might end up dying too?"

"Exactly. I need to know what my limits are, and come up with a way to keep myself alive in the instance that the angels are killed off."

Human Marie snickered slightly. "I could try praying to you every night."

"You're hilarious."

"I know."

The two of them sighed simultaneously, as if they were twins sharing the same mental wavelength. Human Marie broke the silence. "It's good you got in touch with me. I can talk with our other selves and try to formulate a plan. Experiments are going to be needed, and they might hurt quite a bit."

"I expected as much. Tell Satan that if we start fighting angels again to try and take some of them alive. I'd rather experiment on them, since I'm not fond of pain. Purebloods and pseudo-humans both would be ideal, so we can find the subtle differences between them." Angel Marie glanced down at her hands as she paused for a moment. "Oh, hmm. Look at that. I hadn't noticed how smooth my skin was yet. Just when I thought it wasn't possible to look any more beautiful, the universe proves me wrong!"

"You and your humble-bragging. Not that I disagree, it did appear to take ten visible years off. This might even be better than Satan's immortality." Human Marie tapped her lip for a few moments. "Speaking of which, I'm debating whether I should renew the immortality contract with Satan. Do you know if it persisted through your death into your angelic form? Might it even override the negative side-effects of being an angel, as far as dying if you don't take in enough energy?"

"I'm not certain. Just another thing we'll have to test, though I'd wager the contract dissolved after my death." The angel grinned slightly. "At least Jason had the decency to kill me instantly. I barely even felt it happen. It was like I suddenly fell asleep, but woke up several moments later in a blinding white room. No light at the end of a tunnel sadly, but it still felt strangely poetic."

"Sheesh, you B-series Marie's are such romantics. It's one of the few traits I don't share with you."

"But the F-series Marie's can be such grumps! Try and put a little sparkle in your life! It'll make you a far happier woman." Angel Marie groaned melodramatically as she walked towards the door. "Anyway, I'll be heading back to Earth now. Make sure the imps and such know who I am... we wouldn't want any misunderstandings while I'm coming and going."

"Sure thing. Take care of yourself. Your death had a big ripple effect on the stability of the B cluster. We might need to use the contingency plan if it gets any worse."

Angel Marie slowly closed the door behind herself. "I'll fix it. Just give me some time... I have a plan."

"I know."

Harold teleported me into the hospital, apparently located in the east side of London. It was built after the Volgrim attacks, along with a dozen others around the capital. Since there was such an influx of patients due to debris raining down from space, and the day the Dragoons launched their assault, it was unclear when or if the conflict would ever let up, so the hospitals were built to accommodate a large influx of sick and wounded people, and now they all languished in half-full capacities. At least the jobs for the medical staff weren't especially strenuous, not to mention I had heard about a new prototype robot series that was being used to treat patients remotely. Cool stuff, if I'm being honest.

" **Detect.** "

I use my wordsmithing to locate Amelia by her energy patterns. Unlike using 'locate', Detect allows me to hunt for any vague pattern or object I might be looking for, and in this case I use it to turn energy around me from invisible to visible. In this way, I can see energy types based on colors, so Amelia is a red dot in a sea of white. Humans are nearly impossible to see, when I use Detect to locate energy readings. In large groups though, I can perceive them well enough that I understand what their energy looks like.

I quickly make my way two floors up from where Harold dropped me off, keeping my pace even so I don't appear alarmed or anything. Truth be told, I'm not sure why Amelia would come to a hospital, given she has no friends that I know of.

I walk past the maternity ward, noting with interest that she isn't in there. I had almost thought she might be visiting the infants or something, since I've been giving her their energy for a while now.

I walk down the hallways, disabling Detect as I walk into the room where she's... what the heck? She's wearing a nurse uniform for some reason.

Somehow she senses me walk in the room and quickly whirls to put her finger on her lips. "Shh. He's very tired."

No hello or anything. Guess she knew I was coming? I walk forwards and spot an elderly man sleeping in a bed, a few drops of blood visible on the bib the nurses had tucked into the neckline of his shirt. He must have had a nosebleed or something.

I quietly walk over and kneel down beside her. "Amelia, what are you up to?"

She cocks an eyebrow at my words. "Isn't it obvious? I'm helping people." As she says this, I notice her hand is lightly gripping the man's arm and I can feel a stream of energy leaving her body and entering his.

"You're... healing him?"

My words must have been filled with disbelief, because she rolls her eyes at me. "No, I'm killing him. Obviously. Are you just here to check up on me?"

I shrug and blush slightly, feeling embarrassed for doubting her. "Err, I just wanted to talk with you... and Harold said you were down here. I didn't mean to be rude or anything. Actually, this is pretty great."

Amelia smiles cheerfully, though she still keeps her voice quiet. "Yep! I realized that sitting around doing nothing all day was a waste, so I decided to go to Earth and help people out. I'm going to start healing patients with chronic diseases or those having major medical emergencies. I've already started making a name for myself, and I've only been doing it a day!"

"Yeah, I bet." I snicker, thinking to myself that most doctors would kill to have her powers.

"You should help me." Amelia quickly turns back to the old man, averting her eyes from mine. "Killing is bad, you know. You should try healing people, for once. Saving a life... it feels a lot better than taking one."

Her tone is almost accusatory and both of our smiles vanish in an instant. "I... well, come on... that's not fair, Amelia. The demons won't sit idly by while I use my powers to heal people. The number of people they can injure or kill far exceeds the numbers I can heal by myself."

"You have clones, Jason. Way more than half of them do nothing all day. They should be on the surface, helping people and improving lives. Haven't you looked around, lately?" Amelia's voice is getting softer, and I can hear her voice crack slightly. "People are miserable, Jason. Despite all the advances in technology, we still use money for currency even though you could make unlimited power a reality. People should be able to use replicators for all their needs, but they can't. The system feels rigged, to them."

"How do you know this?" The instant I ask the question, I mentally smack myself in the head. It's obvious how she knows it.

She tells me anyway. "I've been talking to people, Jason. This man here... his name is Jeremy. He's one of the people who didn't accept the nanobot injections, so he's reaching the end of his lifespan. His wife already died, and his children and grandchildren were killed by the Volgrim. People like him are aching for change, Jason. _Real_ change."

I nod as I bow my head. "Yeah, I know. You're right. Sorry." I sigh to myself as I lift my head to stare up at the ceiling. My clones, huh? She's absolutely right. I haven't spoken to the 'little people' in so long... she almost went to tears because of the woman who died, but I didn't feel anything. It's like... I'm fighting for humanity, but I feel no real attachment to them. I'm basically just doing it because I have to.

She's also right about myself and the violence I live by. Violence is so nonchalant these days. I killed Marie and felt slightly guilty about it, but deep down I was relieved that she died. I was relieved that trillions of Volgrim were killed, and I was relieved the nuclear bomb went off and killed millions of demons without a hitch.

I'm always so happy about killing, yet Amelia, the 'evil' person I remember from the future, is secretly so pure-hearted and innocent. She's down here, giving it all she's got to heal old men like this guy... men who will die in a few years anyway, while I'm putting all my energy into ending lives prematurely.

"You've got a point, Amelia. All right, I'll send ten thousand clones to the surface. There are still many clones at the JIB who can play offense, defense, or support. My clones are intelligent, they'll think of stuff to improve life for all of humanity. We'll make it work."

Her face brightens up as I lower my head to find her staring up at me with a smile on her face. "That's good, Jason. Honestly though, it's not so much about just the act of improving lives, but that _you_ try to help some people personally for once, you know? It would be good for you. Killing all the time will corrupt your soul."

I'm getting lectured by a woman who has a freaking evil black dragon inside her body. Worse, I feel like I deserve the lecture.

"Fine, I'll help some folks too."

I start to stand up to leave but she quickly grabs my wrist. "Jason, don't be like that. Come on, this isn't a punishment. Don't do this begrudgingly just because you feel like I'm ordering you around... do it because you want to. You're a good person, Jason, you just need to prove that to yourself now."

I rest my hand on hers for a moment, before pulling her hand off my wrist tenderly. "I will. Thank you, Amelia. It means a lot to me that you care so much."

A moment later, I teleport away. I was wrong to doubt Amelia. She's put her faith in me, so I should have faith in her. I should prove her right, and start applying myself to better things...

...but, honestly... the demons still need to die.