Part 170:

Zeus watched in horror, with his incredible perception of time, as his son was completely and utterly defeated by Satan. He had always warned his son that he fought best when he had his troops with him. The powers that he had made him invincible against lower intelligence foes, and his special ability allowed him to direct and command lower minded humans, but without his troops, he was only 1/10th the fighter he could be.

His son's head was crushed into a bloody mess, and suddenly, something horrible happened, _all of the demons at once_ started coordinating their attacks like never before. While they were being felled left and right before, and now the troops were scaled 1 to 1 ratio, the million or so troops left on the angel's side suddenly started falling at terrifying rates, as the demons started moving in a completely coordinated manner... almost as if...

"Hahahaha!!! So THIS is the unique power your son held?! The ability to mentally link with all troops that were under his command!!" Satan cackled maniacally, as his troops started magically evading blows they shouldn't have seen coming, stretching their limbs around in ways that defied the imagination, and suddenly completely dominating the battlefield.

"What in the name of the Titans is this heresy?!" Zeus bellowed, as fifty demons of assorted types leaped at him. In an instant, using his incredible speed, he beheaded all of them, but he was mighty, ten tiers above his regular troops and even the few remaining archangels and gods. They had no chance.

He gasped as three powerful demigods were torn to shreds in front of him, in less than a second. The demons almost seemed to be in a blood frenzy, so great was their power.

"Th-this is... a total rout?!" Zeus watched in horror as hundreds of angels were being butchered every second, and the demons were suddenly taking next to no losses. Satan grinned evilly at him.

"It's my win, you disgusting fiend." Satan reared up on his invisible limbs and launched himself at Zeus.

And suddenly, _chaos._

A massive blast of light erupted from the back of the battlefield, far off in the distance, as Gabriel's titanic form suddenly appeared over the horizon. It completely killed a hundred thousand, perhaps two hundred thousand demons in a single blast. Zeus gasped as he witnessed the awesome power of the Holy Beam of Heavenly Destruction.

It passed through the forces of the light, but de-materialized the forces of dark at the atomic level. Even if they had the ability to regenerate from a single remaining cell, nothing was left. It wiped them so cleanly off the face of the universe, one would be hard pressed to prove they had ever existed.

Satan's breath caught in his throat as he once again bore witness to the colossal power of the Cosmic angel. Ordering his troops with reckless abandon, he ordered them to attack the archangel at once. If they could kill him, the battle would surely be theirs.

Even as his minions charged at Gabriel, who was preparing another massive blast, the angels and gods could scarcely land a single blow on the demons that totally ignored them, so great was the new power Hercules had accidentally gifted to the demons.

Gabriel, still charging the attack for another wave, realized the demons would be upon him in seconds. He would not have enough time to charge it and fire at them. Just then, he heard a voice in his mind.

_Fear not, brother. The forces of justice shall win on this day._

From high in the sky, a massive dragon, a creature of the light appeared. It was the holiest angel, converted into his purest form. _Michael_. The Divine King. In his purest form, he possessed power equal to, and possibly even rivaling that of his counterpart, Gabriel. He could only maintain his form a short while, but unlike Gabriel, he required no charging times for his attack.

" _Dragon's Cleansing Flame of Heaven!_ " Michael blasted a huge wave of light energy out of his mouth, eradicating several thousand troops that were nearly on Gabriel in one shot. An instant later, he fired again, after taking a deep breath. Each time he fired, he seemed to absorb the light throughout all of heaven into his very soul, causing the whiteness of the place to dim for a second.

Satan staggered back as he gasped in horror. _Damn! This battle is not winnable, even now!_

At that instant, Gabriel's shot was ready to fire. He grinned as he targeted the Devil himself. "Goodbye, Satan."

**BOOM!**

A blast of holy light, moving too quickly to perceive, shot at Satan. He was instantly destroyed, so quickly that he almost seemed to vanish before it even hit him.

His minions screamed in horror, as they scattered in disarray, easily being picked off, one by one. His generals, seeing their leader had gone to the void, quickly gave the retreat order, fleeing heaven.

Within a few minutes, it was all over.

Zeus collapsed to the ground, staring at the horrifying mess of bodies of demons, angels, and gods all around him. "Can this... be called a win?"

On that day, over 5 million angels and gods were slain. 34 million or more demons were also slain.

Thus ended the War for Heaven. But which side had won? Even Zeus and the archangels could not figure it out for a long time.

...................................................................

Satan gasped, as he reappeared outside the portal, back in the entrance of Mount Sinai. "Great ghost of sin! That was a close one!"

Barbatos nodded. "I watched through your eyes as you commanded, and pulled you back at the last second. They will surely think you dead."

Satan nodded. "Get the others here too. Start with the highest ranking officers, especially Belial and Diablo, and then work your way down. Quickly!"

His senior demon grinned. "My liege, you must think me stupid. I already did. Look behind you!"

Satan gasped as he whipped around a hundred of his best generals were alive, but...

Satan paused. "The Beacon of Life! Did we recover it?"

Belial grimaced. "My liege, it was my duty, but... I was engaged in combat with Zeus himself. Forgive me, but I was spared no chance to obtain it."

Satan nodded. "It is fine. It was a secondary objective. We completed the main goal. Now let's get out of here, before they have a chance to find out that I am alive."

The others nodded quickly. They had lost more than 99% of their entire military, but that was fine. In fact, it was their plan the entire time. As an added bonus, their leader, chosen by the Hand of Death that guided the monsters and demons of the world itself, had gained far more power on that day.

They would be back, and next time, they would not be able to lose.
