Part 327a:

So much has happened. I'm still trying to process it.

I teleport onto the Mothership, inside of the bridge that overlooks the front of the ship, my heart heavy as my mind lingers on various things. Stonewall is dead. Daisy is missing, as is 'Silver'. I can't locate either one of them with wordsmithing. Wordsmithing isn't infallible, as 'Locate' seems to only work on living beings, and living beings in one of the various dimensions that exist. Being unable to detect either of those two means they are either dead or... something else.

For Daisy, it might be time travel. I keep thinking back to what she said. _I'll kill him!_

If she had somehow teleported to my base and killed Silver, she would have shown up on the security recordings in the room we put him in. The thing is, nobody seems to remember where that is. Furthermore, all records of this mysterious man seem to have been erased. Not even erased, really, it's like he never existed.

I remember him, though. Some of my clones seem to as well, but the general pattern seems to be that after first and second generational clones, the others barely know anything of his existence.

And then there's the matter of Daisy. Why did Ben think she killed her uncle? It makes no sense. Daisy would never do something like that. Maybe I'm just misinterpreting what he said, but it seems like that's really what he believed.

Is it possible? Time travel? I've already done it myself. I didn't know how to control my abilities when I first used it, but if she somehow went back in time and killed him, it would explain a lot of things. Not everything though. For one thing, if she killed him, why do I remember him? Why do some of my clones? How does time travel work, exactly? Technically, she might cause a change so drastic that it erases her existence, or mine. Wouldn't that be a paradox?

...What if I've been thinking of time travel incorrectly all this time? There are so many theories regarding it, and I barely know any of them. The one I'm most familiar with is the grandfather paradox. _What would happen if I went back in time and killed my grandfather?_

Perhaps I would cease to exist. Perhaps it would open up a split timeline, or an alternate universe. What if Daisy traveled back in time and killed Silver, creating an alternate universe? That kind of makes sense...

Actually, it doesn't. Now that I think about it, why am I seemingly immune to the effects of the time change? The only way my clones and I don't have our minds changed under that sort of time travel is if we also somehow are ripped out of the timeline we're in, and we get shifted to the other one. But then why does the effect diminish based on the generation of the clone? The further removed they are from me, the less they seem to remember the other timeline. If we were all ripped out of our timeline and placed into another, we should all remember it equally.

Something else is going on, and I don't know what.

"Umi? Are you there?"

I speak out again, but I get no response. If this really is another timeline, does she perhaps not exist anymore? That seems highly unlikely. Something else must be going on. Is she ignoring me? I know her voice is only the slightest bit feminine, but it seems odd an all-powerful sentient AI would be doing something so decidedly female as _giving me the silent treatment_.

Whatever.

I don't know exactly what's going on, but I know it holds important clues for my own future. If I can figure out what's going on, I might be able to figure out what will happen over the rest of my life. Time traveling blindly is not half as smart of an idea as time traveling with knowledge of its mechanics.

I exit the bridge, walking down the hallways until I arrive outside my room. The door opens silently as I walk in. Amelia, of course, is sitting on the bed, reading a book. _The Stepford Wives_. What an odd choice.

"I'm back."

I announce my return with way less enthusiasm than I meant to, but Amelia perks up immediately, setting the book down in a jiffy as she gets off the bed and hugs me. "Welcome back! I missed you!"

Her smile is the exact opposite of my dull expression, and I can tell she has already picked up on my mood. "I had a... hell of a day."

"Oh?" She pulls herself away from me and sits back on the bed, patting the spot beside her as I sit down and wrap my arm back around her shoulder. "What happened?"

Her expression is still relatively happy, but it seems more serious now. "Stonewall was assassinated, the guy who killed him seems to have disappeared from the face of the universe, Stonewall's niece vanished in a way that made me suspect time travel, and now everyone seems to believe she killed her own uncle."

Amelia stared at me expectantly for a moment, but then she realized I had finished explaining. "Oh. That does sound pretty bad. Err..." She glanced away for a moment as she seemed to think about it. "How do you know it was time travel?"

"It seems the most likely route." I explained to her for a few minutes my thoughts on the matter as she nodded and hemmed and hawed while she listened.

"Well, it certainly sounds like it's time travel. But if it is, what does that mean for you? Aren't you trying to prevent a horrible future from happening?"

I stand up from the bed and start walking out of the room as she follows along behind me. "Yeah. It's not easy, either. I don't know what's coming and therefore I can't prepare for it."

Amelia went quiet for a few moments as we entered the dining area. We walked over to the large plexiglass window and stared outside at the Earth below us, feeling once again that weird feeling of awe that we were actually in space.

"Jason, listen, about the talk we had recently. The symptoms are getting worse." Amelia fidgeted slightly. "I talked with Levvy earlier and he told me that he had been able to twitch my finger slightly while I slept. He also is able to take control every time I sleep now. Have you found any solutions?"

I instantly snapped my fingers. "Ah, yes! I almost forgot! It's a good thing you reminded me." I blinked, realizing the solution I had in mind involved wordsmithing. Ah, of course. I don't actually have to wordsmith. My clones can do that for me.

I turned to Amelia and placed my hand on her shoulder. "Before we continue, I need to confirm. It's the energy of small children and those with a lot of life energy left that give you the biggest boost, right?"

Amelia nodded hesitantly. "Err, yeah. Like I said though... I'm not going to hurt anyone, even if you tell me to."

I stifled a chuckle. "If I'm right, that won't be necessary." I quickly sent a mental order to J1-1, the first clone I ever made. He quickly located a hospital with a newborn ward, warping up a child that appeared in my arms. I nearly dropped the little tyke, even though I had anticipated his arrival.

Amelia's eyes bulged as she saw the child in my arms. For a moment, I glimpsed something I would rather not see. "Jason, no. I can't do this. Don't make me hurt him."

I shook my head quickly. "No no, you misunderstand. Tell me if you feel anything."

My clone at the JIB wordsmithed in my place. " **Transfer.** "

A moment later, Amelia's took a step back as she rubbed her chest. "What- what was that? I felt something enter me. Did you just do something?"

The infant who had been moving in my arms fell silent as sleep overtook him. "I did indeed. I transferred his life energy to you, leaving only a small amount behind. He'll be fine. Once he rests up, he'll regenerate it back anyway."

Amelia nodded as she stared at me carefully. "I definitely felt it. I just didn't think you could- well, I mean, I suppose anything is possible when you- err, never mind." I felt my smile fade slightly as Amelia seemed to be hiding something from me. I'd like to try and read her thoughts, but that would be a breach of trust, plus I'd probably have to speak to Leviathan again, and that was something I wasn't looking forwards to.

"Amelia, is something wrong?" I bit my lip slightly as she averted her eyes from mine. She was definitely hiding something from me.

"It's nothing, really. Your powers are just so, uh, incredible. To think they would be capable of solving my dilemma..."

I nodded. So that was it? She was just amazed by my powers. I mean, sometimes I'm amazed too. They seem to have so few limits. "Give me a moment. I'm going to transfer the life energy of every infant in that hospital to you."

In the blink of an eye, the toddler in my arms vanished as my clone quickly sent him back to the hospital whence he came. Amelia staggered back as a wave of energy surged into her.

What happened next was shocking, as her body shrunk ever so slightly. She lost about three inches in height, and seemed to lose two visible years of aging in an instant. Now she looked about twenty or so.

"What...? I feel so dizzy right now." Amelia took a few steps backwards as she grabbed hold of a chair and pulled herself into it. "Jason, h-how much energy did you just give me? This is overwhelming."

I shot the question at my clone and he responded within seconds. "Maybe a couple hundred. I figured humans had so little energy that you'd need a lot to counteract decades of, ah, 'malnutrition'."

Amelia shook her head quickly. "That was a lot, Jason. I guarantee Levvy is sealed up again after that, but that was well over what I used to... absorb... in an entire year. Next time, scale it back a bit. A slow and steady drip is... is... it's much better..." Amelia's eyes blinked slowly as she wobbled in her chair. "I... sleep..."

I took a few quick steps towards her and caught her as she fell forwards, her eyes slamming shut as she lost consciousness. Carefully lifting her in my arms, I walked her over and laid her on the couch, taking a step back to realize what had just happened.

Too much of a good thing can be bad. I'll have to take her advice in the future and transfer energy more slowly, over a longer period of time.

I didn't expect her to de-age, though. That was not within the realm of possibilities I had considered, though it made sense. Based on what she and Leviathan have told me, her energy is constantly fighting his, so she must be aging normally but human energy keeps her locked to her original form from when they bonded together... or whatever.

I feel a flash of guilt as a selfish thought enters my mind. If she de-ages too much, I won't feel comfortable being with her. I can't just give her all the energy she needs, I'll have to somehow maintain a balance.

A balance. Yeah, that's the key. If I'm not comfortable, then she won't be able to be with me anyway. It's for the best that I discuss this with her when she wakes up.

At least this crisis is averted. One good piece of news out of a day of bad. It's something.

"Have a nice day at school, sweetheart." Amy leaned over and kissed her daughter Sarah's head, as she opened up the door hesitantly to step out.

"I don't wanna go to school, mommy." Sarah shuffled her feet slightly as she stared out the opened door beside her into the lightly pattering rain. "The men in the black armor are scary..."

Amy nodded as she glanced at the front gate to London's most prestigious private elementary school. Two huge Enforcers stood, ready to leap into action if anyone should try to harm the school. "I know, baby, but you just don't have to talk to them, alright? They won't bother you if you don't bug them."

Despite the seemingly carefree tone in her mother's voice, Sarah knew instinctively that her mom didn't like the idea of putting her in a private school, as homeschooling had been the preferred route. Still, things changed, and nothing could be done about it.

"All right..." Sarah glumly stepped out of the car, shivering as the raindrops hit her arms. "Bye mommy, have a good day at work!"

Amy nodded reluctantly as she forced a smile on her face, waiting until her daughter slammed the door and was safely inside the gates before releasing it.

Activating the auto-pilot, she set the destination for the London HQ, feeling a bit nervous about the presentation on Revival. Her knowledge as captain of the expedition that had located the planet was somewhat important, since they would want her testimony on its prospects for tourism, as well as the possibility of it becoming a distant planet for humanity to someday colonize. At 1,500 lightyears away, it was hardly a close system, but if the higher-ups would let go of whatever grudge they had with him, Judicator could make another one of his wormholes, allowing them to travel to this distant star system in the blink of an eye, then he could terraform it too!

The prospect excited her. Being a stay at home mom for eight years wasn't bad at all, but she longed for the days of adventure and discovery.

A whole new planet that might be colonizable raised scientific questions, too, about the existence of other life in the universe. If the Volgrim existed, then perhaps other species and races did as well. Despite how much older and technologically advanced the Volgrim were, there was no evidence from the petabytes of recovered data aboard their captured ships that any other life aside from Earth existed in the galaxy, but that had to be false! The galaxy was massive. If it happened twice, it may have happened a third or fourth time, perhaps in a remote corner where they simply had failed to look.

Even if no other life existed in the galaxy, what of other galaxies? Andromeda was 'nearby' relatively speaking. If Judicator could break the laws of physics and travel 14,000 lightyears in the blink of an eye, why not a million lightyears? Ten million? A hundred million?!

The distances were incredible, to say the least. At warp 10, the fastest speed man could reasonably obtain, it would take a mere month to reach Andromeda. That being said, the energy required would be staggering, it would require a discovery of Trifrancium reserves the size of a planet in order to move a fleet, and to move just a single probe at sustained warp 10 speeds for a month, it would still take a Trifrancium deposit the size of an automobile. Not to mention the effects Warp 10 would put on a biological body... they would certainly die a few hours into the trip.

When put into context, Amy knew the sad truth. Unless Judicator had some incredible secret ability he wasn't disclosing, or the laws of physics themselves were subvertable, humanity was limited just to their own galaxy. If no life existed here, they would never find it elsewhere.

For herself, Amy found that reality painful to accept. Of course, if all other alien races were as hostile as the Volgrim, then perhaps it was a positive thing that they wouldn't exist. Amy shuddered at the thought of something _worse_ lying out there, in the far reaches of space.

She reached down and pulled out her makeup as she quickly covered a blemish she had missed from earlier that morning. Best that she look fantastic when presenting before the newly instated Supreme Commander. He was a far less foul man than Stonewall had been, worthy of respect.

Amy shrugged as she glanced at her clock. Still well over an hour before she had to give the presentation. _I suppose I could grab some coffee first. Looking too eager might backfire if I show up forty minutes ahead of schedule._

Without a hint of reluctance, she changed the autopilot to a nearby coffee shop, ignoring the all too common sight of a man being harassed by the jackboot thugs that Stonewall had put in place.

Perhaps the new commander would be better than the old.
