Part 478c - Consequences

Jason Alpha and Harold examine their surroundings, trying to figure out what's going on. It only takes the old man a few seconds, but the other me is a little bit slower on the uptake, and certainly more relaxed. "Helen, sweetheart... what were ya'll up to? This don't look like the ding-dang Labyrinth ta' me."

Jason Alpha nods. "This planet is familiar. The sky, especially. I'd never forget a purple sky. Where is this?"

Helen jumps to her feet and dusts her clothes off before quickly glancing at Cassiel's body, still laying in my arms. She hasn't awakened yet, even though I healed her. I get the impression there may have been feedback from my cannon that hit her and Samantha a lot harder than it hit me. "Now, Jason- err, Alpha, I mean... I'm going to tell you something that might... might make you a little angry."

The other me raises an eyebrow. "Angry? Pft, come on. What could you possibly say that would piss me off?" His smile slackens somewhat as Helen's somber expression greets him. "Are you serious?"

She nods. "This world is familiar to you because you've been here before. However, the volcano behind us wasn't here last time." She flicks her gaze over to Harold. "This planet is Melkin."

Both of the newcomers' smiles slowly fade. Harold rubs his chin. "Melkin? Ain't that the new Volgrim homeworld? Thought I told ya not to pop over here without an escort. It's mighty dangerous."

Jason Alpha's eyes dart to the magma once again. "Hold on... Melkin doesn't have any below-sea-level concave volcanos. This dirt was disturbed recently... were you in a fight?"

He asks the question, and I resist the urge to facepalm. _No, Samantha and Cassiel are just sleeping at the edge of a volcano for no reason, dumbass._

Helen swallows audibly. "Yes, and the fight didn't go so well. Jason, Harold, this planet, and this entire galaxy, is under attack. The Kolvaxians have somehow traveled here, and they've been here a long time."

Both men turn deathly silent. Jason Alpha slowly rubs his right hand with his left, playing with an odd-looking ring on his middle finger. He slowly pulls it slightly off, then pushes it back on, repeating the process several times, like a nervous tic. "Helen. That's not funny. I've told you not to joke around. Your humor is the worst."

"Son, I don't think she's joking." Harold nudges Jason Alpha, but the other me doesn't respond. His cheek bubbles out as his tongue lashes around inside his mouth, and his eyes give Helen a thousand-yard stare.

"It- it's gotta be a joke. Helen wouldn't- I mean, we couldn't make a mistake- they couldn't show up here. We have the infection contained... we have the infection contained."

Tvoorik slowly walks over to Jason Alpha. "Launching. Up." He points to the sky, but it takes a couple of seconds for Jason Alpha to shake off the cloudiness in his eyes before he slowly tilts his head up.

In the space above, small specks of light begin descending toward the planet, but they're probably hundreds of miles away.

Alpha inhales sharply. "Invasion pods. I've seen those a thousand times." I realize after a second or two that he must be silently enhancing his vision or perception with Thoughtsmithing to zoom in on each pod. "Son of a whore. I can't- this is unreal. How could they have escaped the K universe?"

Helen rubs her hands together and bows her head before speaking, but she's barely whispering. "You shouldn't blame yourself for this, but... when Volgarius was destroyed during the Energy Wars, I think it created a tear in subspace. They probably entered through there."

Jason Alpha bobs his head. "Oh. Ah. I see."

Compared to his usual joking manner, he's a different person entirely. He's suddenly a human, and not a living god. He's seen the face of death and faced it head-on, but something about the Kolvaxians is worse than death to him.

After a few moments, the specks of light fade from the sky, likely landing somewhere out of sight.

"Fuck." Jason Alpha lowers his head. "I can't believe it. It's my fault. I never considered- I mean, I didn't think about the consequences. I should have realized-"

"Kid, don't beat yourself up." Harold grips Alpha's arm firmly. "You screwed the pooch, but you can still fix it."

"Maybe." Jason Alpha forces a smile, but it's half-hearted. "Or maybe not. If they've made it to this universe, we have to entertain the possibility they might be in other ones. I can't track them with Locate since their bodies interfere with my magic. It's a guessing game at this point."

Harold pulls away from Alpha and turns to his wife. "So you's was fightin' them here? What caused the crater?"

"Me." I quickly give them the bullet points on my death-laser and how two energy blasts melted away a chunk of the planet's surface.

Alpha clears his throat. "That was quick thinking, Sparky. A bit reckless, but I guess it got the job done." He gestures toward the girls, both of them still breathing shallowly. "Are Belial and Sarah okay? They haven't woken up yet."

"I dunno. I think they were hit by the energy more directly than me, hard to say." I pause, realizing what he said. "What do you mean by 'Sarah'? Her name's Cassiel."

"Uhh..." Jason Alpha pauses a moment before quickly shaking his head. "Oh, right, right. My bad. I must have mixed her up with... someone else." His playful demeanor from earlier returns, but there's a certain pain in every syllable, as if he's forcing himself to stay positive for our sake.

Alpha points at Cassiel and Samantha. "Bloop. Bloop. They should wake up now. You missed a bunch of radioactive scar tissue in their brains. Amateur mistake. I don't think Cassiel's aura was erected in time. Still, given this level of devastation, it's surprising you guys survived at all. Her abilities in this stream are something else."

"This stream?" I echo his words. "What does that mean?"

"Ehh... multiverse time travel stuff. Really boring, you wouldn't understand. Hell, I barely do, and it's my daily life."

Cassiel and Samantha both blink their eyes open almost simultaneously, and Cass slurps up some drool that was leaking out. "Oh god, what happened? I feel like I made out with the front end of a spaceship doing warp 10." I help her to her feet, and while she is a little shaky, she manages.

Samantha rubs her forehead and flops on her back. "I'll just stay here for a minute if you don't mind, love."

Alpha rubs his hands together. "Okay, so, if I understand you correctly, Kolvaxians are not only in this universe, but they also have made it to the Volgrim homeworld too? Pretty coincidental timing, if you ask me."

"Hey! What do you mean by that?" I try not to glare at him too hard, but I can't help my reaction. "Are you blaming me?"

Before Alpha can answer, Cassiel leans against me. "Um, Jason, we _did_ activate a Sentinel that wiped out tons of the Volgrim reserve forces. We're not blameless."

_Shush, Cassiel,_ I want to say, but I can't. She's right, after all.

"Oh gods, Harold, how long were we gone? I thought we came back after three RTU's?"

The old man shakes his head. "Ah, I screwed up. It's barely been one."

"One?! Well, that's fine. We got back in time to avert the destruction of Melkin, so it all worked out-"

Samantha raises her hand and interrupts him. "Um, excuse me! I have a question!"

Alpha flashes an annoyed stare at Sam for cutting him off, but begrudgingly sighs. "Yeah?"

"What's an RTU?"

I consider her question and realize I don't know either. I think Helen mentioned them once, but I wasn't paying attention.

Jason Alpha waves his hand nonchalantly. "Oh, you know, time travel jargon. Real-Time Units, meaning a fixed amount of time relative from one universe to the next. It's a little complicated."

Samantha nods, apparently satisfied. "I see. I have another question, then... are you going to let the Volgrim die? Those Kolvaxian pods were aimed pretty far away..."

Alpha fidgets around and messes with his ring again. "Well, you guys aren't needed now that I'm here. I'll call in some friends of mine and do what I can, but aside from obliterating their fleet in orbit, I can't do anything for the planet. Once they go underground, they're invisible to me. They've even learned to confound echolocation, so this planet is toast."

Helen slowly shakes her head. "What a shame. I should have checked in more often and tried contacting the Volgrim once and a while."

"It's not your fault, Helen. If anything, it's mine. They're showing up here because of what I did to this galaxy. Don't beat yourself up over my mistakes." Jason Alpha shakes his head and sighs. "God damn. I can't believe myself. If going back and changing my past actions wouldn't cause a split, I'd be able to fix this easily, but unfortunately, that's not how time travel works."

I want to ask him ' _Then how does it work?_ ' but Volgrim are dying every second we waste, so it's better I don't take up his time. "I'll take us back to the Labyrinth, then. Are you sure you don't want my help?"

"No. Actually, I need to talk to you about what I learned while I was jumping around, but that will have to wait until later. Time's short, as you know."

A distant _whoomph_, like that of an explosion over the horizon, reaches our ears. Samantha jumps to her feet. "Okay, lazy time is over. Let's get out of here and stop slowing him down."

I stare at my time-traveling compatriot for a moment as a hundred questions enter my mind. They'll have to wait.

Before I can teleport us away, Jason nudges Harold. "You won't be any use against the Kolvaxians, gramps. You can fill them in on what happened. I'll be back... soon."

"Expected 'bout that much," Harold says.

Well, I guess I will be able to figure out what's going on, after all. A lucky break, for once!

Aiming my mind at Harold, in addition to the other four, I nod silently at Alpha. "See ya. **Teleport.** "

Just before we vanish, I catch one last glimpse of Alpha. He rubs the ring on his finger and bows his head, and a look of sadness washes over his face. A fleeting expression of loss.