Part 284a

As usual, when I fell asleep, I was once again standing in front of Arthur. Interestingly, he was not wearing the kingly garb from the last two times I saw him. Instead, he now wore a warm and comfortable appearing rabbit-fur white robe, with little spots of black dye here and there. He appeared to simply be dressed comfortably this time.

And now I was standing inside a very regal looking bedroom, while he sat on the edge of his bed. This was certainly new.

"Oh. You're back." Arthur glanced up from a small red patch of the carpet he had been deeply immersed in before I arrived. He seemed to be totally disassociated from my presence for a few moments, his words ringing hollow as if he didn't _actually_ realize I was standing there.

"Where is this place?" I glance around the room and spot a mannequin, donning his normal kingly attire along with the crown. Followed by that is a large dresser made of solid cherry oak, with a large full body mirror hanging beside it.

"Oh, this? This is just my bedroom. Or, well, it was... when I used to live in the real world."

Arthur's shoulders were slumped, as if he had been deep in thought about something melancholic. I decided not to ask about it, it seemed personal. "Usually when I speak to people in my dreams or my hallucinations, the place I appear in is always the same. It seems odd we'd be in a bedroom now."

Arthur sighed. "Inside of Excalibur, my power is absolute. I can create anything I wish, live any life I want. If I wish to summon a harem of beautiful women, or fight with a massive dragon, or fly on a spaceship, I can do any of those things if they suit me."

I smiled faintly at the corners of my mouth. "Seems like a nice deal. All the fun you'd ever want. You can do anything you please. Sounds enviable, even."

"Yes... enviable. I suppose. Not really, in my experience." Arthur glanced away from me, to a small picture frame that sat mounted on his bedside desk. In the painted portrait was Arthur, looking much younger than he did now, a young woman with long red hair and thick brimmed glasses, and a baby she was holding. All three of them were smiling happily, and they seemed totally carefree. "Some things can't be changed, even with all the power in the universe."

My smile faded as a feeling of uneasiness took over. "She looks beautiful. Who is she?"

Arthur's turned his gaze away, staring emptily at the floor. "Elizabeth. A minor concubine of mine, from an eternity ago. I had my queen and hundreds of women who would have given anything for me to simply touch their hair or hold their hand. In the end, I grew arrogant, thinking myself invincible, thinking myself all powerful. Elizabeth was the only one who never lost faith in me when the dark times came. When I was temporarily disfigured by Amelia, the other women shrank away from my hideous appearance. But not Elizabeth."

He paused for a moment as he stared emptily at the floor. "Not... Elizabeth..."

I shifted on my feet awkwardly as my unease increased. "Err, did ah... something happen?"

"Of course. I was a young fool. After being nursed back to health, I stayed with her a while, as she even bore me a child. A bastard son, he could never ascend to the throne, but I cherished him. Once I had been healed though, slowly the other women came back to me, wooing me with their beguiling presence. I forgot how good Elizabeth had been to me. I wandered away from her."

I nodded slowly. "Ahh... so you regret not giving her all your love. Did she leave you, for someone else?"

Arthur bit off a choked laugh. "Ha... a jest if ever there was one. Of course she didn't. Elizabeth loved me absolutely, and I was too foolish to realize this. The other women merely desired me as a husband to increase their own statuses, something I realized too late."

Tears welled up in his eyes as he placed his head in his palms. "She... she wanted me to go with her to the town to buy vegetables, but I was busy with my queen and declined. The look of sadness on her face... only for but a moment... but she left. Later, I received word after she didn't return... she was attacked alongside the road. A nobleman had seen her clothing and assumed she was of low status. He raped and killed her. He ravaged her badly."

A vicious snarl took over his face as Arthur raised his head up. "I made that man pay... for three months I tortured him. I took him to a place where no person would ever hear him scream, where no begging or bribing would ever give him a sweet release. Then, after I was done, I chained him to a table and left him to die of starvation and bleeding out. I came back to check on him, once a day. Took the son of a bitch four days to go."

The anger and rage faded from Arthur's face as he slumped once more. "But it doesn't matter. Elizabeth was dead. No power could bring her back. No torture of her assailant would ever vindicate me for tossing her so casually to the side." Arthur turned and gazed into my eyes. "So you see, Jason... no matter how powerful, all have regrets. All have failed horribly, at some point."

I swallowed cautiously as my eyes darted from his gaze to the floor and back. "Ahh, well, I suppose that since you are in this space created by Excalibur, you might be able to bring her back here?"

Arthur glared at me for a moment before turning away and staring at the wall. "As if I deserved such a reward. I will never be able to pay a high enough toll for my inaction. But certainly... I have tried to bring her back. Here, take a look."

Without even making a single motion, the air in the room shifted as the woman in the picture suddenly appeared in between us, her body standing stiffly up straight. With her arms held down to her sides, her eyes stared unblinkingly forwards. If ever the word 'zombie' could be used to describe something, she was it.

"What is your name?" Arthur spoke to the woman in front of him.

"I do not know." Her voice was a hollow sounding, genderless voice. Almost robotic in its rhythm, it sounded terribly inhuman.

Arthur grimaced as his gaze rose and fell from the top to the bottom of her figure. "Who am I?"

"I do not know."

Arthur flicked his eyes away as she disappeared. "This space can create anything my heart desires, any reward, any beautiful treasure, any incredible power I wish to have... but it cannot create sentient life. Only hollow, emotionless drones. I even spent years ordering a drone around in the hopes it would eventually form a personality, but no orders of any sort would work for it. I can create concubines to fill my needs, but they stare ahead, dead-eyed, with no reactions to anything. There is no point to doing any of it, and I deserve none of it anyway."

"It is a fitting punishment, then, for one such as I." Arthur concluded by standing up, as the space around us shifted once more, to the inside of a large, empty white formless room.

"Where are we now, then?" Deciding to not press him on anything he had just said, I gazed around the room being unable to detect any edges or corners that would indicate walls. It appeared to open up infinitely into the horizon, in a similar vein to Heaven.

"This is one of the only useful things this place can do, Jason. I am going to train you with Excalibur, so you can be a worthy bearer of its power."

I nodded dumbly, as his words sank in. "All right, that sounds good. So, uh, how?"

Arthur paused as his composure was replaced with a faint sense of confusion. "I'm... not sure exactly. I've never trained anyone to fight, let alone a fellow Hero with unlimited power at his disposal."

I shrugged slowly as ideas popped into my mind. "Aha! Perhaps some wisdom about the meaning of how to use a sword properly? Something like 'the sword is an extension of your arm'?"

Arthur shook his head. "That's garbage. Where did you ever hear something idiotic like that?"

"P-probably a movie, or something."

"A movie?"

"It's a box with moving images that- never mind."

Arthur nodded slowly. "Right, well, whoever he is, he was a dummy. No, I'd say the most important part of wielding a sword is learning muscle memory. You have to be able to see your opponent's attack coming and react automatically. Instinctively, even. It should be ground into you so deeply that in your case, you can use word magic effortlessly while fighting."

I nodded as Arthur thought for a moment. Finally his eyes lit up. "Alright, let's start with an easy combat exercise first!" Walking over to me, Excalibur appeared in his hands as he handed it over.

Then, a moment later, a fifty foot dragon suddenly appeared behind him.

"Just kill that!"

I blanched as my body froze. He's... he's kidding... right?

...................................................................

After what felt like a grueling twelve straight hours of training, my mental body bruised and battered and my mind somehow more exhausted than when I had laid down, my eyes fluttered open as a familiar room appeared around me.

Ah... I'd been in that dream for so long, I forgot about the hotel in Paris. Arthur had treated me like a piece of meat, throwing me this way and that, smashing me all over the place as if I didn't have any human rights. I had no idea if it had paid off, but he seemed to be having fun, so I guess that was a good thing.

As I yawned and noted that dawn hadn't even yet arrived, I felt unease as I lay on the bed in the dark room.

Something... wasn't right.

Then I remembered. Amelia... she had been in the shower and I fell asleep! Did she leave? Was she- wait what the heck?

I realized that there was someone else laying beside me, pressed up against my back. Amelia was laying behind me, her arms wrapped around my sleeping body. Was she trying to crush me to death?! No... she was sleeping too...

Sleeping in the same bed as me, embracing me... what the hell?

What is she... getting at?

As my thoughts wandered, she stirred behind me and yawned, as she pulled an arm off the top of me and rubbed her eyes, her other arm still looped under my body. "Oh... you're awake now, hm?"