Part 425b: I, Human

I love public speaking. Most people hate it, and I did once as well, but after I grew used to it, it became a thrill that I couldn't get enough of. I long ago stopped wordsmithing _calm_ on myself to steady my nerves, as now I have shifted the butterflies in my stomach into energy that sustains me. Well, not enough energy I suppose. I'm fatigued from drafting this speech throughout all of last night.

I whisper a word under my breath as I stride forward. " **Alert.** " Immediately, the feeling of exhaustion vanishes, and I blink my eyes, wondering how I can instantaneously make such an intense need for sleep disappear. Of course, I can't just abuse my power like that. It's sure to have long-term consequences on my physical and mental health. Though, strangely, I don't think I've ever tested it out... how do I know that?

My black dress shoes _clomp_ on the floor as I stride forward, all the while wondering how I sometimes know things I shouldn't. Memories come to me from nowhere, like dandelion seeds scattered into the wind. Their contents may not even be correct, but somehow it is better just to believe them. Why waste my time questioning everything?

I step up to the podium, holding my datapad loosely the whole time. This speech center, built to my specifications over half a year ago, allows me to broadcast messages to everyone in my empire all at once. A huge arena towers before me, stacked to the brim with people sitting on the mahogany benches to watch, though a large chunk of them are holograms instead of fleshy beings.

Holograms. That reminds me of Marie. Where has she been for a year? I haven't seen or heard from her at all, and the hairs on the back of my neck never stop standing on end as a result. I'd be a lot happier if she were dead, but I can't locate her, and therefore wouldn't know if I killed her even if I used my wordsmithing to try.

Ah, I need to stop thinking about other things. Focus. This speech isn't going to deliver itself.

How many people and holograms are in this amphitheater? Fifty thousand? There's a white-noise filter beaming forth, creating an invisible wall in front of me, so the audience's considerable noise is toned down to a level where I can barely even hear them. It has the unintended side effect of making the audience seem like a bunch of mimes, opening and closing their mouths silently, but I'll deal with it.

I stop in front of the podium and wait for exactly four seconds, and the audience ceases their chattering to sit at rapt attention.

"Good morning to all members of Humanity. As per the promise I made last year, I am giving this speech today as part of my bi-monthly update regarding the operations of our vast empire. As everyone is aware, the Senate and I passed a resolution one year ago to allow unlimited travel to and from Heaven. Angels and humans could visit each other's domains freely, as much or as little as they pleased."

"I am glad to say that my primary goal succeeded. People have been able to see their deceased loved ones, and for the most part, things were going smoothly. Unfortunately, due to the actions of a few, the majority must lose out. As with all good things, it only takes a tiny minority of citizens abusing their privileges to sour the water for the rest. People have been killing themselves to become angels, which lowers the energy we can give our closest allies."

I pause to take a breath before continuing.

"Comrades, I know that the overwhelming majority of you are intelligent. You understand the dangers of such reckless actions. If humans kill themselves any more than they already have, the amount of energy flowing to the angels will slow dramatically. In the worst case scenario, it could invert, causing the angels to lose more energy than we can give. And what then? You will have killed yourself, only for you to end up in a situation worsening every second. On top of that, you will bring doom upon the angels, or force them to purge some of their own kind, as well as other humans who have died, in order to make up the difference."

"All I am asking is that people realize the folly of their actions. By killing yourself just to gain wings or whatever other trifling benefits you think you deserve, you permanently give up living in our glorious empire! Moreover, you are likely to bring about the deaths of friends and family from the past who are just trying to live peacefully, separate from ours."

The majority of the audience nods along with my words. I'm not wrong, after all, and they all know how important thought-energy is for the angels, and for themselves. Their greed is incredibly annoying.

"There is another danger too, being brought about by the people killing themselves. To maintain the energy needed to keep all angels alive, Zeus has been forced to accept an offer from the Volgrim, and they are now giving the angels thought-energy. Think of what this means. We lose clout with our closest allies, and the angels are forced to initiate better terms with the Volgrim. Do you suppose the Volgrim will give up their energy freely? No!"

I rap my knuckles on the podium in front of me. "There is a price for every choice, a consequence for every action. I place the blame for much of what has happened in the last year on myself. I should have researched the potential downsides of allowing unlimited travel between the human and angelic realms, but I did not. That guilt will be on my shoulders for a long time to come. However, because of what the Volgrim are now asking of the Angels, which is a warp-gate directly to Heaven from the Volgrim homeworld, this puts humanity in a precarious situation, diplomatically speaking. A warp-gate to Heaven would allow the Volgrim a chance to strike directly at the heart of our Empire, should the worst ever come to happen."

"A warp-gate is a security threat that I, as Supreme Commander, can no longer ignore. Therefore, to attempt to mollify the angels and gods, and to try and repair much of the damage caused by my policies... I am going to restrict travel between our dimension and the Angels', once again. However, it will still be less strict than it used to be. It will require a special permit to travel from our world to Heaven, and vice-versa, but it will be much easier than it used to be before my policies were enacted, rest assured."

I slide my finger across the datapad, checking the upcoming notes quickly to make sure I'm on track. So far, so good.

This speech is going better than I expected.

................................................................

Some people complain about jobs like these, but as for me, I like to put my feet up and relax. I've been in the military my whole life, but since the last major war was about fifty million years ago, I haven't had any action in a long time. I mean, philosophy is better anyway. Who likes fighting? Not me.

I sometimes joke with my crew that I did all my fighting already, in another life, and now I've been reincarnated into my current role as a reward for my hard work. They get a real kick out of that. Imagine, orbiting the same planet for a hundred thousand years, just to make sure some lousy prisoners don't escape. What does the military think they're going to do, jump up and fly away by flapping their arms? Men, I tell you what. They never use their brains.

Well, okay, fine, so there was that _incident_ last year. A single ship got past me while I was sleeping, but it only had _one_ prisoner!

_Bla bla bla, Beatrix you had one job and you couldn't do it, nyeh meh bleh._ They expect me to be at the ready all the time? Come on. There is nothing out here. A whopping _one_ prisoner has escaped in the last million years, and she took out a small platoon's worth of guards on the surface. If a bunch of men couldn't handle a single measly girl, maybe they deserved to get their asses kicked. I never liked the Warden anyway. For a woman, she was a real prick.

Hell with it. I'm glad they're all dead.

Gah! I can't even enjoy this book! I just want to sit here and read about _The Adventures of Tom Sawyer_ but all I can think about is one stupid incident that happened over a year ago. It's the only stain on my otherwise spotless career! Well okay, there was that whole Goldesh uprising thing, but do they expect me to come in at the last minute and make everything all better? Get real!

I tell you, sometimes I just have to wonder if-

"Captain Beatrix!" Ezekiel, my scanning officer, spins around in his chair, alarm on his face. "There's a Cruiser entering Tarus jurisdiction from hyperspace."

"Yeah? What about it?" I shoot him an annoyed glare. "We see prisoner transports all the time. They're probably dropping off some loon who snapped and killed a mouthy scanning officer."

He doesn't smile. "This ship has no identification. It's not a part of any disclosed ship models. And... its design... it doesn't look human-made."

_Finally. Something to do._

I toss the paperback to my side, and it slams on the titanium deck-plate with a satisfying _thud_. "Open a channel."

My communications officer turns to look at me almost immediately. "I already tried, ma'am. No response."

"Move to intercept, then. We need to know what their business is before we let them proceed."

The looks of alarm on everyone's faces is killing my mood. "Calm down. Our military has many secret projects, and several of those include prototype ships, including Infiltrator-class ships in case we need to sneak past Volgrim defenses. This is probably a drill to test our readiness after the... last incident."

"Sorry, Captain. I didn't mean to overreact." Ezekiel breathes a small sigh of relief.

The chief security officer, calm as always, is next to speak. "Shields are powered to full."

Seconds pass, and I stare at the image of this new ship uneasily. It's huge, probably twice the size of the NFC Luminance, my ship. I don't see any weapons, but appearances can be deceiving.

Ezekiel nearly jumps out of his seat. "What the hell?! The ship just fired a projectile behind itself. It's moving at one-quarter the speed of ligh- huh?!"

He doesn't need to say anything else. Everyone on the bridge gasps audibly as a massive wormhole explodes into existence all at once. Before I can even process what's happening, a different Cruiser class appears from its maw, and then another, and another, and...

"Red alert! Send a message to the other ships in this sector! It's an invasion!" My fingers dig into the arms of my chair, but the worst hasn't even begun.

One of the ships that just arrived initiates a split-second micro-jump, blasting past us and coming within a thousand miles of Tarus II. It rains a cannon volley onto the planet's surface, and the scanners scream an alarm in response.

"The main prison facility is being attacked! What is your response, Captain?"

Shit shit shit... I don't know what's going on. Some kind of targeted attack? Why hit the prison? I'm not familiar with Volgrim ship structure since they're so reclusive, but there can't be anyone else who would do this, unless it's a coup from humanity itself. And that's an absurd notion.

"Distract that lead ship! I don't know why they're attacking the prison, but they must have a reason! Hit them with everything we've got! We must hold out until reinforcements arrive!"

I'm suddenly thrown from my chair and face plant on the ground as our ship violently lurches forward. A second later, Ezekiel coughs, and I look up to see blood trickling down his head. One of my crew pulls me up to my feet, and Ezekiel delivers a report. "They aren't going to make that order easy, Captain. The other ships are attacking us all at once."

"Retreat, then! We can't fight ten-" I glance up at the viewscreen and feel an ache in my gut as more ships continue streaming into the sector. "-ah, a _hundred_ Volgrim warships. We're no good to the Empire dead. Let's get out of here!"

The ship rattles as a massive volley smashes into us again. I just hope I live to regret this.

................................................................

"Gabriel! Gabriel!"

A male angel howls my name, his voice filled with alarm. The scroll in my hand seems less pressing than whatever he has to say, so I turn to Raphael. "Ah, excuse me a moment."

"Certainly." Raphael doesn't turn away but instead looks across the Temple toward whoever is causing the commotion. I turn to look as well, and something fills me with dread. It's Zarall. He isn't one to enter the Temple, ever.

Zarall charges past everyone, shoving one angel out of his way forcibly. Something has him spooked, and I don't like it one bit.

"I need help! They're appearing all at once! Thousands, tens of thousands! There's a riot going on! We need to suppress this right now!" He babbles incoherently, but I manage to make out what he's saying, mostly.

"Humans are dying?" Raphael asks the question before I get a chance. "Mass suicides?"

"No! No no no!!" Zarall is at the edge of panic. "All the humans are previously registered Class I convicts! Criminals! They're all from Tarus II, the humans' highest maximum security prison!"

"Merciful saints!" The curse escapes my lips without a second thought. "Perhaps a guard revolt in the prisons? Maybe the prisoners are killing themselves to escape justice?"

"I don't know, but I need help NOW! Get every single angel on the case!" Zarall beckons hurriedly, then rethinks and instead grabs my shirt to haul me along.

I turn back to Raphael as Zarall drags me away. "Don't bother! Tell all the other angels to stay clear! I'll handle this myself! I'm not going to let some half-breeds tear Heaven apart!"

Raphael appears in front of me, moving far too quickly for an old man his age. "The hell you will. Don't underestimate them just because they aren't pure-bloods. That cocky attitude will be the death of you."

I take a step back, startled. "S-sorry. Right, well, send help then. I'll do what I can."

"Yes, you will, brother." Raphael turns around and starts walking to the throne room. "I will fetch Zeus. We may need his power."

"Good. I'll be back soon." I continue running to the door, much to Zarall's relief.

"Follow me! Stop dawdling!"

"I'm coming! Gods!"

A minute later, we've already flown over to the Arrival Platform, and the sight there boggles my mind. Tens of thousands? No... there must be a million humans here already, and more keep appearing, piling onto each other, one by one as they die and are reborn as winged demi-gods.

"What is the meaning of all this...?"

................................................................

"I can understand why many might consider the Volgrim to be a non-issue, and I say, to those citizens who believe this... you are wrong. The Volgrim are dangerous beyond anything we can imagine. Certainly, we've had tens of millions of years of strained peace, but this is much more akin to a cold war. We aim our weapons at them, and they at us. Any appearance of civility is just that, a false veneer. If I were to allow them to construct a warp-gate into Heaven, this would surely come back to nip humanity in the toe someday."

The Supreme Commander, Jason Hiro, continues droning on and on and all I can do is lie on my stomach and wait. I'm not waiting for anything in particular, but when the moment feels right, I'll do what I have to.

I still remember that feeling of cold terror. Two nights ago, Steven Feldmann called me, and he was absolutely frantic. The more he talked, the more uncontrollable my shaking became. Pieces and clues began to click in my mind. The weird way Commander Hiro has been acting, all these odd policy choices... and even the manner in which he fired me. Why _did_ he get rid of me, all of a sudden?

It's obvious to me now. Jason Hiro isn't a human. He's a demon imposter. Every action he's taken has served to bring instability to human society.

_Don't hold back, Stephanie. His face might be the same as the man you knew for thousands of years, but he is not that man. He isn't a man at all, but a servant of darkness._

Steven's words come back to me, but now I hesitate to carry out his will. It's not that I don't want to kill this monster, but what comes next? I'm unlikely to escape. I might be an amazing sniper, but I'm terrible at lying, and the security council will sentence me to eternal torture when they catch me.

Or will they? If I kill him, then I'll also expose him as a demon, and that will clear Steven's name! He can be free once again!

But what do I want? Even if the best scenario happens... what will I do after this? I love Steven. We might seem distant to some people, but he taught me everything I knew. He pulled me from the lower levels and brought me to the safety of the upper section, then showed me the art of being the perfect spy. All so he could save humanity from those trying to throw us to the hounds.

He used me. I know that. Steven could have picked anyone, man or woman. I'm not special. Maybe it's Stockholm Syndrome... I know he doesn't care for me in that way, but I still love him dearly. Perhaps that's why I'm so frustrated by Lora. Before he met her, Steven always spent time with me, whether showing me new tricks from the baseball manuals he coveted, and telling me all those cute little things about his life. Now, all he does is prattle on about 'Lora this' and 'Lora that'. If only he knew how much I hated hearing about her.

"The angels have never turned their back on us! Far be it for humanity to allow them to suffer under an energy drought!"

Jason keeps talking, and I roll my eyes. The people in the auditorium below me don't go all the way to the back row. From my position in this dimly lit room, I'm almost in total darkness. Hidden behind a chair that rises a foot above me, one would have to look closely to see the barrel of my Magmellion sticking an inch out from between the two chairs.

Carefully, I adjust my sight on Jason again. It's a nitpicky thing, I just have to double and triple check to make sure everything is perfect. This room is sealed from the outside world, so luckily the wind won't be an issue. The downward angle means I have to compensate slightly, and I can't just fire a test shot to make sure my positioning isn't off...

Damn. I get so flustered when I'm by myself. It's easier for me to calm down around Steven... but if I don't kill this demon imposter, Steven's going to be in prison for millions of years. Sedition, crimes against the state, treason... they're throwing the book at him. I just hope they haven't shipped him off to Tarus II. Fuck. That facility doesn't allow prisoners ever to have visitors. If he ends up in there, I'll probably never see him again.

Jason waves his hands dramatically, but I'm not paying attention to what he says right now. Careless! I need to focus. What would Steven think if he knew I was losing my cool? I've never done a hit job before, but I can hit a target a mile away flawlessly, as long as I take my time. As for something the size of a human head? Piece of cake.

Yeah. Cake. After this, I need to see if they have cake at the- STOP!

That's it. No more time for distractions. As soon as he's still for just a moment, I'm taking the shot. I check the scope and the bullet chamber one last time. Is the anti-energy 'hull-buster' bullet loaded? Yes. This gun could kill a man inside a hover-tank as long as the bullet hits.

No regrets.

...And just as I say that, he starts gesticulating wildly. He's like a cringey Sunday school preacher. Steven used to show me clips and footage from the ancient times, and this is just like them. He's just delaying the inevitable with all this waving nonsense!

My heart slams in my chest. Jason stops just for a moment. He calms down to stare at the audience seriously.

"I cannot stress this enough..."

Whatever he has to say, it's over. I'm done listening. Go back to Hell from whence you came, _demon_.

My finger squeezes the trigger, and at that instant, he turns to look directly at me. _What?! How?_

_PIFF._

The sound of a gas-compressed bullet snaps out of the barrel, and in the next instant, his head recoils violently, the bullet smashes him backward, pounding the back of his skull into the ground with tremendous force. The audience goes dead silent as horror fills the room.

I... did it.

I killed the Supreme Commander.
