Part 035 - The Test: Part 3

Bahamut smiled. This was it. The moment she had been waiting for. It had been a long time since some fool had challenged her domain.

She issued her riddle. The Child of Gaia was instantly rendered speechless. She stifled her smile, as it was not polite to mock someone before they gave their terrible answer. The three of them were as good as hers. She drifted off in thought, remembering what led her to choose that riddle.

...................................................................

Long ago, when she was just a young child, living as a slave in Egypt, she had stumbled on the Sphinx. The Sphinx was a mighty looking creature, with the body of a cougar, the wings of an eagle, and the head of a great maned lion.

She had been completely awestruck at the sight of the monster in front of her. Having run away from the Egyptian slavers, she had stumbled upon it purely by accident.

The Sphinx was a timeless monster. Having existed since before the dawn of man, it had knowledge no human could comprehend. It was aging however, and tired of the riddles it had plagued many a traveler with.

Looking down at its feet, the Sphinx spotted a small human child. A little girl. the child was petrified with terror. The child would hardly be a worthwhile snack. She certainly lacked the cognitive abilities to solve his riddle. In short, she was nothing to him at all.

"Begone, little one. I will not harm a defenseless creature. It is unsavory." The Sphinx pawed her away. The child made a mad scramble to hide behind a rock, still staring at him in terror.

Hmm? She did not run from me? She is hiding, but yet seems to be curious.

The sphinx thought about his life. Proud and aged like wine, at its peak the Sphinx had tested the mettle of many adventurers. Any who passed his test were given incredible wealth, power, and influence, at the cost of their memory of the test being wiped. Only one had ever succeeded, and that was Pharaoh Khafre. Originally just a lower classed noble among the house of Egypt, he had managed to answer the Sphinx's riddle. The Sphinx, shocked that any human could guess the answer to his clever wordplay, rewarded the man, first by killing off his direct opponents to the throne's line, and then by giving him favor among the other lands. Khafre never forgot the power the Sphinx gave him, and built a massive monument in his honor.

But that was... many years ago. Khafre was long dead. The Sphinx thought bitterly that now that his riddle was answered, even though the answer had never gotten out, if others in the future answered it, it just wouldn't have the same meaning.

He looked down at the little child hiding behind a rock. "Tell me child, what is your name?"

...................................................................

Bahamut smiled. The Sphinx gave her the knowledge of his riddle, and part of his monstrous power. She had taken over for him, spreading the power of the riddle among the lands. Aside from Pharaoh Khafre, no person had ever successfully answered it, certainly not once she had gained it.

She had amassed an army worthy of a god, legendary items that granted her true godlike powers, and worship devoted to her as a god. There were none in this world of death and decay like Khafre. There were none that could hope to answer her riddle, certainly not within 5 minutes.

Looking back down, her smile disappeared. The Child of Gaia seemed wholly unconcerned. The little girl beside the Child was in a panic. But the Child seemed bored.

"Man."

Bahamut's expression hardened.

_What._