Part 361a - Revenge

_July 20th, 2120._

_"I expected this to happen. You're on your own now."_

Those words rang in Clarence's head as he ran on foot through the trees, keeping his head down low as he made his way forwards.

_I can't believe she'd do this to me!_

He was on the verge of having a panic attack, the only thing keeping his mind sane being that he had an angelic body that made him mentally stronger than one might expect. Somehow, large amounts of copious energy had allowed him to think more clearly than he would have as a human.

Unfortunately, that wasn't enough to save him now.

Sounds from all sides seemed to be closing in as he ducked down, cursing his luck that his body had to glow at this time of night. It was like a beacon directing his assassins towards him.

"Come out, Clarence! Hiding in the bushes only makes your weakness that much more apparent!" A voice boomed throughout the damp forest, making his lower lip tremble. The rain was dropping down slowly, only a trickle now. Only half an hour ago, its loudness was giving him the ability to move more quickly, and the fog had made him much less visible. But now...

"He's over here!" A voice sounded off alarmingly close and Clarence felt his heart jump into his throat as a glowing aura could be seen not even a hundred feet away through a few sets of bushes. If he could see them... they could see him.

He turned in the opposite direction of the voice and raced through the forest full speed, knowing this time they were right on his tail. _Should I take to the skies? No! They've got sentries above the forest, watching like hawks!_

He clutched his chest as he ran, taking stock of his energy reserves. _At the least, I won't let them escape unscathed. I have enough stockpiled... I'll make them regret cornering me like a dog!_

Missing a root sticking upwards, Clarence accidentally hooked his shoe under it, stumbling forwards clumsily and toppling onto his face as he ran. The sound of his body hitting the ground was like the sound of a piano smashing into concrete in the din of the night. He gasped in pain audibly and felt his entire body spasm in fear as several approaching footsteps turned directly towards him.

A thought occurred, as he spotted a relatively straight stick lying next to himself. _It'll have to do._

He quickly grabbed it and imbued it with magic, hardening it as best as he could. Turning around, he held it in front of him as if he were a Kendo master. He had never done anything like this, but it was worth a shot. The alternative was suicide.

He didn't have to wait long, ten cherubim burst into the clearing and spotted him holding the stick. One of them raised his facemask. "Clarence, former preacher for the Church of Retribution. Lower the weapon and submit or we will strike you down where you stand." He placed his hand on his sword, but a smirk spread across his face. It was as if he were saying _try and hit me with your stick, I'll make you regret the thought_.

Clarence took a deep breath as he raised the stick up high. "The hell I will!" As he said this, he focused the magic on the tip of the stick, where every observer's eye was being drawn to. Without warning, a blast of light radiated outwards, blinding everyone except himself as it seared their eyes. Several cherubs screamed in pain as Clarence whaled on them with the stick, knocking five out cold in a matter of seconds.

Ignoring the rest, he did a partial levitation and flew away, moving noiselessly through the air as they howled in pain. Without a doubt, the bright light would attract those watching from above the forest cover and they would come to reinforce their fellow angels when they heard the multitude of screams.

In the dark it was hard to see what was ahead, and before he had a chance to react, Clarence flew straight into a rather thin tree that seemed to come out of nowhere. He let out a muffled yelp as his head smashed into it, causing him to tumble to the ground. When he glanced up and tried to shake the feeling off, several angels had already started to encircle him, one of which looked very familiar.

"It was a good try, false angel, but youth and inexperience will never escape age and cunning." An archangel with a long white beard stood several feet away, flanked by several cherubs and other guardian angels, all of them decked out in intimidating spiked white armor.

"Raphael! You bastard!" Clarence leaped to his feet and assumed his fighting pose as he aimed the stick at Raphael. "I won't let you take me alive!"

"Alive? Ha! That's an amusing joke, young one. You've got minutes left in your life as it stands, and that's if you're lucky." Raphael smiled politely, but an edge of rage could be seen under his veneer of melancholy. "I will however, grant you one last chance. Tell me who the female angel was... the one who you said was the mother of Jesus."

"Why the hell would I do that?" Clarence glanced around himself. The five remaining angels he had blinded just a minute before had joined in, and now he was totally surrounded. Escape would be impossible, and the same trick probably wasn't going to work twice.

"I want to know who she is. If you tell me, I will let you go... on the condition you never preach again."

"That's a death sentence. If I don't get at least a couple humans to pray to me, I'll die!"

"You'll die now if you don't tell me what I want to know." Raphael's voice chilled as he spoke, his tone leaving no room for misunderstanding.

Clarence lowered his eyes for a moment. Those years he had spent with Marie... the troubles they'd shared. She'd dropped him without a second thought. Once she heard the angels were looking for him, she had kicked him out into the cold without caring at all about the passion they had shared. Every night when she was being prayed to, she had begged him to enter inside of her, yet this was how she repaid him.

"Come now, young man. Just tell me who she is. It's easy!"

Raphael's words snapped Clarence out of his thoughts about the feeling of her lips on his, their hands joining together, her soft red hair that curled up at the tips. This was serious.

"I... if I tell you..." Clarence took a step forwards as he lowered the stick slightly. "You will... let me go?"

"Yes, yes! Of course, I am an archangel of my word!" Raphael jabbed his chest with his thumb proudly. "A wench who would kick you out should be worthy of no loyalty."

"You're right..." Clarence mumbled quietly to nobody in particular, as his eyes roved around. A small bug buzzed nearby, something resembling a dragonfly. It landed on his shoulder, and for the briefest of moments, he felt as if his eyes met its eyes and a bond was shared between them.

"...but I can't abandon the woman I love, even if she left me. To hell with you. To hell with ALL of you!"

Clarence reached inside of himself with nothing but his mental willpower, pulling forth an energy he didn't know he had. All around him, pebbles began to lift off the ground as gravity itself started to invert. A light shined inside of his chest, penetrating all the layers of his clothing as a high pitched wailing could be heard.

Raphael took two steps backwards. "Gods... is he going to... self destruct?!" He took another step as the energy began to condense into physical form, surging from Clarence's chest to his right arm. His arm swelled up to three times its normal size, becoming freakishly huge as Raphael felt a strange terror take hold.

"Everyone, get away from him! He's-!"

"AHHHHH!" Clarence screamed in pain as he aimed his arm at the old man. A blast of energy shot forwards, created of all his reserves at once as he targeted the archangel in front of him.

_This is for humanity, you demon._

The last thought Clarence would ever think slipped out of his mind as the energy itself screamed to life, devouring everything in its path. Raphael raised his hands to produce his own energy shield, but it was far too slow. A cacophony of laughter enveloped his body as millions of invisible minds ripped the flesh from his angelic form in delight. _REVENGE! BEAUTIFUL REVENGE!_

A few moments later, nothing was left. The beam continued tearing through the forest for several minutes before slowly dissipating, leaving only ash and death in its wake.

Clarence smiled as he fell to his knees. All the energy had left his body.

His form faded away to dust, as the strange dragonfly watched from nearby.

...............................................

Marie stared at the screen in shock. The drone had followed him, as she expected, but this was unthinkable. Even she had not expected this scale of destruction, nor for him to use every last bit of his energy. She had assumed he'd leave a little bit to survive on, but clearly he was not very adept at gauging his energy use.

She folded her wings up behind her and stood up abruptly. "This changes everything."

Her human counterpart nodded as she popped a cookie in her mouth. "Mmm. I love these. So chewy."

"Stop stuffing your face. Focus. We just learned that spiritual energy is powerful enough to fight against the archangels."

She grimaced at the human Marie mashing food into her mouth, suddenly remembering she still clutched the killswitch in her hand. _Guess I don't need to use this now._ With a flick of the wrist, she tossed it onto a nearby table. _At least he saved me the trouble._

After her counterpart swallowed her cookie, she smiled pleasantly and licked her lips. "How much energy did you give him, anyway? That was quite the blast."

"Not a lot, if I'm being honest." Angel Marie turned to stare at the screen now, feeling a strange emotion well up inside of her. "I figured that if he was going to be killed anyway, then it would be a waste to give him more than he needed."

"A waste, huh? Indeed." The other Marie kept silent for a few moments as she followed the angel's gaze to the screen. "You're going to run out of energy eventually, you know. He hasn't preached in a long time, and many of the faithful have become quite lax in their nightly worship. With Clarence gone, your ability to increase the faithful is basically zero now."

"I could probably mind control them. Maybe hypnosis would work."

"Funny."

"Yeah."

Both of them shrugged slightly. The angel sighed as she flicked a button to have the drone return home. "I genuinely need you to start praying to me every night. Every little bit helps. Just slap your hands together and will your energy to me, that's all you have to do."

"I'd sooner gouge out my own eyes." The human rapped her fingers on the desk for a moment. "You know, I have another idea. You don't necessarily have to ask people to pray to you willingly."

"Oh? What have you got in mind?"

"Humans respond to two things. Rewards and punishment. Promising them eternal life, even if you're lying, might just work... but punishment might too."

Angel Marie let the thought mull for a moment. "Are you saying I should whip people to get them to pray to me?"

"No, but keep in mind how the prayer system works. It doesn't seem to matter if the participants are willing or not... if they will their energy to you, that's that. Therefore, you could kidnap people, in theory, stuff them in cages, and force them to pray for you or you'll let them starve to death."

A strange crooked smile spread over the angel's face. "A Skinner Box. I see. This is... good. I need some angels to experiment on anyway, but capturing some humans as well for the sake of their energy would be a neat twist. Couple that with punishment and rewards later on, I can force them to give me their life force. It's... genius."

"Of course it's genius, love. We thought of it." The human cackled to herself as she slapped her knee. "Just think of it! You can create your own little cult to have the idiots pray to you in order to keep you alive! If they die, you just find more!"

"It's so deliciously evil that even I'm having doubts. I'll certainly go to hell for this!"

"Oh, come on. You can't go to hell... you're an angel!"

"You said it!"

Both Maries broke out in hysterical laughter as they eagerly started drawing up plans for their new idea.