Part 171: Aftermath

Zeus breathed heavily, as his heart slowed down. He rubbed his forehead, but realized his hands were covered in blood. He was smearing the blood of fallen comrades and enemies all over himself, but in the end, he did not care.

He stared bitterly at the friends and comrades he had lost. Truth be told, having only recently ascended as King of Gods, he did not know most of them, but he knew some.

And... Hercules... Zeus fought back tears as his son, the most powerful demigod he had helped create, lied on the ground, his head crushed in such a way that he would not have been identifiable if Zeus had not witnessed his death personally.

Zeus numbly walked over to his son's body, bending down and cradling him in his arms. "M... my boy... I..." No longer able to contain his tears, he silently wept as warm liquids came pouring out of his eyes.

_This is so unfair. I can't... I can't call this a win... this was a draw, at best..._

Gabriel, now shrunk down to Zeus' size, also stared numbly at the battlefield. Michael had already reformed himself in his normal angelic form and left, not wishing to gaze upon the devastation any longer. Gabriel looked around but could not find Uriel, the King of Justice. _Ah... right. He was in the vanguard. He was supposed to obliterate the enemy before they could even enter the portal. Their arrival here would mean that... he was likely slain._

Naturally, with millions of bodies, they would not find his for a long time, but since he did not appear to be among the remaining thousands of angels and gods...

Gabriel heaved a large sigh as his shoulders sagged. _Thousands_. That's how many were left. There had been millions, before. _Kronos was right._ Gabriel thought to himself bitterly. _We should have sealed the Gate to Heaven. We left an open door for them to invade us._

He glanced over at Zeus and saw the Titan sobbing his heart out, with the body of his son in his arms, a gory mess covering his entire body. Gabriel felt his stare waver as he couldn't bear to look. _A private moment must not be interrupted. We have all lost someone... on this day._

The cleanup would have to wait. The angels and gods that remained, a few thousand at best, crammed themselves into the largest room of the main palace, barring the throne room itself: the great Dining Hall. It was a massive room, made of marble, gold, and silver, as all buildings of Heaven were. It was covered in fine art, rich tapestries, and one of the walls had a massive bookshelf that contained thousands of scrolls, written by angels, archangels, gods, and demihumans alike, all for the purpose of remembering the history of the universe, as it were.

But nobody in the room cared about the fancy tapestries, or the beautiful varnished furniture... they all sat in the rows of the tables, staring ahead blankly. They did not require sustenance, but they usually enjoyed the taste of food, as it were.

Today however, Zeus and Gabriel, still the same size as each other, sat across from each other on opposite sides of the room, as the remaining denizens of Heaven gathered together to discuss what they must do next.

Gabriel broke the silence. "My liege, great god, Zeus. I regret saying this... I regret it with all my being. There is something that I spoke of with Kronos, shortly before his passing. Something of monumental importance. In fact, it was so important, that I dared not say it during your trial that you gave me, for fear it may leak to the demons. But it appears my efforts were futile. The demons discovered the information I held somehow. I know not how, but they did."

Zeus felt his temper flaring, as the memories of his son came rushing back. "...Information? _Explain._ " His voice was very non-subtly tinged with anger, as fire seemed to shoot from his ears. "If you _know_ something, you had better say it now."

Gabriel looked around at the remaining angels and gods in the room. _Because I did not speak sooner, we suffered an overwhelming loss of life. I... don't deserve to even live at this point._ "My liege, it is with regards to exactly what transpired today. Kronos explained an important truth to me, about why he never took steps to eradicate the demons, nor to give the humans an overwhelming advantage. And... this deals with the reason he forced me to stop your son from winning battles so easily..."

Zeus leaned forwards in his chair, resting his elbows on his legs, and his chin on his clasped hands, as he could feel his body starting to shake slightly with anger. " _Go... on..._ " He bit the words off icily, clearly very angry about these late revelations.

Gabriel took a deep breath and began to explain.

...

An hour passed, and Gabriel concluded. "Thusly, we need the humans for their thought energy, but if the demons are truly defeated, humans will have no reason to fearfully pray to us, keeping us alive. Further, if the demons die, and we are the only beings left aside from humanity, they will grow to envy us, and eventually come to kill us... assuming the lack of prayers doesn't do the job."

Zeus sighed deeply, as he sagged back in the chair. "I... I can't be angry anymore. I feel.... nothing... nothing at all. If you had told me this sooner... perhaps we could have-"

The archangel raised his hand and interrupted. "No! My liege, I will accept any punishment for my actions. However, while this was beyond regretful considering the devastation we have faced, I feel it would have happened anyway. If the information had leaked fully to the demons, they might now be trying to kill the humans to further weaken us."

Gabriel paused to take a breath, and before he could respond, Raphael spoke from among the crowd. "My brothers, my friends, my dear king, if I may be allowed, I would like to offer... an idea."

Zeus slowly glanced down at the small old man speaking. "...Go on, at this point, your wisdom can only help."

The old man sighed. _Again with the 'wisdom', when will they ever stop?_ "My liege, an idea came to me while Gabriel spoke... perhaps, a way to survive, while maintaining the status quo. We need to go back to doing what we did before. Even with Satan dead, another demon will take control, and they will eventually return. We still need humans to fight them, more now than ever before. I propose a bold plan, if you would wish to hear it."

Zeus nodded tiredly. "Yes, yes, go on. Just say it already." _I wish to be gone from this place so I may bury my son among the fallen of Valhalla._

The man quickly nodded. "Yes, of course. As I see it, we absolutely must close the gate to Heaven, or relocate. I believe that we can work from the shadows, instead of out in the open. Instead of aiding mankind on the battlefield, we will help them grow to new powers so they may combat the demons themselves. We will forcefully evolve the humans via new types of weaponry, and try to create or teach new champions that will advance them forwards. We will do this without openly showing ourselves. But, we must also instill a new sort of worship among the humans, and this is where it gets tricky."

Gabriel leaned in, as he listened intently to Raphael's explanation. "We made a mistake, by trying to unite humanity together. We need humans to not only fight the demons, but fight amongst themselves. This way, they will not only keep the demons from expanding too greatly, but also develop new weaponry in times of peace. Further, instead of one shared religion, I propose breaking them up, making humans worship different gods and whatnot. By doing so, we will further divide humans, and this leads up to the final goal."

Raphael waved his hands dramatically. "Let's assume that somehow humans gain the power to kill all of the demons _for good_. If that were to happen, they would turn on us in an instant, if they learned of our existence. But even if they don't, with a single shared religion, and no demons as enemies, humans would quickly abandon their prayers to us, which would result in the death of the angels, even if not the gods themselves. By giving the religions meaning beyond slaying demons, we can incite holy wars to keep the population of humanity thinned, just as they thin the demons, and in doing so, we will not die out so easily."

The room grew silent as everyone quietly pondered his suggestion. _He is so wise_, some thought. _A true leader uses wisdom to guide the angels. He should be at the right hand, if not the highest seat of the Gods._

Zeus paused, those same thoughts crossing through his head. "Cultivating new religions, split religions? It seems far-fetched, yet... I can think of no better solution, not even one that compares. Raphael, as always, your wisdom is overwhelming. I will overlook mistakes that you have made as of late. This is clearly the only solution that I can see working, unless any others here wish to offer their own ideas."

Obviously, no others in the room wished to contradict the Wisdom King. Raphael sighed. _It seemed obvious to me, I don't think it's foolproof anyway, and it has one major downside, though it's best not to mention it right now. We need a solution, and fast. We'll work out the kinks as we go._

Zeus and Gabriel nodded as they both rose. Zeus raised his hand as he spoke. "All in favor, raise your hand, and say 'aye'."

The entire room unanimously agreed. The new goal, Project Revelations, was underway.
