Part 181

Zeus eyed the drawing in front of him. "So these are the most likely successors of Hercules' power, hm? They don't look particularly strong." He traced his finger around each one lazily. "This seems pointless. There are plenty of blond haired young men out there. Any one of them could inherit the power."

Raphael nodded sagely as he carefully watched his king. "The ceremony guarantees that his power will transfer to another. However, the only criteria specified was that it had to be someone who resembled him, and who possessed a nature similar to his own."

Zeus cursed under his breath. "If only my son had heeded my counsel and had a successor. Just one child..."

Raphael waved it off. "It would not matter, my liege. His power does not automatically inherit to his own children, or their own children. Only someone with a similar nature."

The king of the gods set the drawing down below him onto the tiny table before leaning back into his large wooden chair. "What does that even mean, Raphael? What is his 'nature' exactly? Is it his looks? His personality? His birth as a demigod? His goal in life? It sounds like gibberish to me. Totally unreliable."

Raphael nodded. "Yes, but by being vague, we guaranteed that his power would _always_ pass on. If we had gotten too specific, that would mean that it might not find a suitable host if and when he died, which would mean his abilities would be lost forever."

Gabriel, also sitting at the table, nodded quietly. "Even if we can't find the next in line, they will eventually show themselves. The Hero will always possess very unique traits that make him or her stand out in a crowd. If we keep our eyes sharp for one who is rising above the rest of the rabble, then we will easily find the next Hero."

Zeus perked up. "Hm? Did I hear you say 'him or her'? So even the gender is in question here? Do we have anything solid to look for?"

"To be honest, my liege, nothing. But more importantly, let's stop worrying about his successor for now. If the successor is found and killed, the power will simply transfer to another anyway. But in the meantime, the demons seem to have grown restless. They have reappeared, attacking villages and towns fleetingly, only to be driven back by the humans."

Gabriel pointed to the orb sitting on the table in front of him. "This is a globe of Earth. I constructed it myself by exiting the planet's space and entering the black void. I used magic to copy the exact landmass size, and positioning of every piece of soil on the planet. It's 100% accurate."

He indicated the city of Babylon with his finger. "These humans have grown mighty over the last few decades. They have a new leader who just assumed power, and he seems to revere the gods greatly. Nebuchadnezzar the Second, they call him." Gabriel, currently in his shrunken form, raised his head to grin at Raphael. "He's named, along with his father, after the Babylonian god Nebu, the god of wisdom. He worships you but doesn't even know it."

Raphael nodded quietly. "Naturally. We're all worshiped by one name or another among the various religions out there. If I'm not called Nebu, or Raphael, I'm called Athena or Metis, or some other name. Get on with it."

"Hahhh... fine, always raining on my day." Gabriel looked back at the globe. "Anyway, based on its cultural influence, I'm hoping that whoever is the first candidate will be located somewhere in Babylon. I have estimated that the candidate will usually be born in a major city controlled by a major world power, this way their abilities are not wasted as a simple slave or a farmer. They need influence and political power to shape the face of humanity, as it were."

Raphael spoke up. "Gabriel, I think you are guessing too much. It's been a few decades already, and yet no major candidates have appeared yet. If it were a major world power where he appeared, that would make little sense. I suspect he may instead appear in a minor village, somewhere under strife, where his abilities would allow him to crush evil, and especially demons. A hero is called where the need is greatest."

Zeus sat back in his chair and stared up at the ceiling. "Hero, hmm? I suppose knowing Hercules, his successor would usually end up being one who excelled on the field of battle, right? I can't see his heroic abilities being endowed upon a human of intellectual abilities. I loved my son, but he was a lunkhead. We should examine the lower classes too. Perhaps we should create some new tenets of religion among the humans to draw out the ones who are excelling among them, perhaps as offerings to the gods. Something like that."

Raphael nodded. "A wise recommendation. I will have one of the lower angels start working on it immediately."

Gabriel returned the nod. "Yes, that would be the fastest, and most efficient way to discover him. Again though, we need to worry about the demons. The humans have begun using iron armor and weapons instead of copper or bronze. They are steadily beating them back, but I fear this may be a ruse. I believe the demons are pretending to be weak."

Raphael stroked his beard slowly. "Say, would it not be interesting to find out that Satan were still alive?"

Gabriel raised an eyebrow. "You saw it with your own eyes. I smote him with a single blast. No demon can resist the Sunlight from Heaven."

Raphael sighed. "Yes, I suppose not. But, he is a demon... and demons are so.... tricky."

Zeus waved it off as he lowered his head back to the table. "Either way, if he's alive or dead, we may have few troops left, but those that are, are among the strongest of our kind. We will not be defeated so easily, our power is concentrated for a reason. And since he has no way to reach the Gate to Heaven, now that it is located in an unseen corner of Mount Olympus, he will never come here again. Even if he found it, he knows not what the password is to open the gate."

The two archangels shrugged their shoulders at the same time. "If he comes, we will fight. We will do what we must." Gabriel stood up. "Now that we've concluded the official business, I'll be off. My lord." Gabriel bowed. Soon afterwards, Raphael made his exit as well, leaving Zeus to his own thoughts.