Part 418b: The Inquisition

"I met Steven Feldmann during a lunch-hall meeting. I walked in to get myself a nutrition bar, and to my surprise, the Supreme Commander's son was standing with a group of miners, listening respectfully to their complaints. I'll spare you the boring details, but after I walked over and talked to him, I could tell instantly he had the same misgivings that I did about Goldesh IV's political situation. The whole mining facility was wrong, just wrong. It was modern day slavery."

Amy leans back on the bed and uses her hands to prop herself up. I take the time to crawl onto the bed and lay back with my head on a pillow. Compared to the cramped bed-space on her ship, this bed is astoundingly comfortable. I haven't had a chance to sleep on something this comfortable since Marie allowed me in her room, and before then, never.

"Slavery, huh? That sure sounds awful." I keep my tone neutral and sigh inwardly. I don't know what mining was like on Goldesh IV, but the demons made slave girls dig holes in the walls on many occasions, and the punishment for slacking was always swift and brutal. The mining colony sounds like heaven compared to how I grew up.

"Oh... it _was_ terrible. The miners were living in something not far from Hell itself. The surface of Goldesh IV was a scorching desert during the day and a frozen wasteland at night. The tents they were supposed to sleep in were poorly insulated, so most miners would go and huddle up in the mines where it was a more moderate temperature. A few people suffered health complications due to the poor medical treatment available at the facility and the toxins in the air, particularly deeper in the mines."

"That sounds... terrible." I don't know why, but I suddenly feel irritated hearing about 'Goldesh this' and 'Goldesh that'. "Can I ask, Amy, what Goldesh has to do with me?"

Her sad expression turns into one of confusion. "As I told you before, you have Goldeshian blood in your veins. What happened on Goldesh probably directly led to your life in the Labyrinth."

"If you tell me everything you know about Goldesh, will it bring my mother back?"

My question instantly strikes a nerve. Amy pauses, and a pained expression crosses over her face. "I... I didn't mean anything like that. Look, Lora, at some point, the events on Goldesh led to the life you're living now. I helped lead a silent revolution, with the intent of ferrying the miners to outer worlds where they wouldn't be found. At some point, Feldmann and I were compromised, and after I was forced to leave and rejoin the Golden Commandos, Steven told me that things became grim."

"How grim?"

"Very much so. Danis started cracking down on protest activity in the name of the law, and then he started sending disruptive men and women to prisons, such as the one I rescued you from on Tarus II. The thing is..." Amy stops talking for a moment and sits up straight, only to brush away her soft, blonde hair as it falls in front of her eyes. "...I tried to keep Goldesh out of sight and out of mind. Everyone thought I quelled the insurrection, but in fact, I was practically its initial conspirator. Only once I met you and learned about your life story did I realize something... and it's been haunting me for several days now. I... I may have given Danis the opportunity to imprison the female Goldeshians."

I roll over on the bed and face away from Amy. "I already know that. I realized once you started telling me the story. Don't blame yourself. Danis was an evil man."

"This is bigger than Danis. This goes all the way to the top." Amy's voice has an edge of resolve to it now. "Jason Hiro, the one you call Master... he was probably involved as well."

My face scrunches in thought. "Master wouldn't do that. I know him better than you. He's not kind or compassionate, but he hates it when women are hurt. He nearly killed Danis himself, before I did."

"Oh?" Amy lilts her voice in surprise. "Really? I was under the impression that when you murdered Danis, it caught everyone by surprise."

"No, that was when I killed Danis the second time. I killed him in the Labyrinth first, but Master cloned him and sent him back out."

Silence. After a few moments I tilt my head back to look at Amy, and she's gawking at me in response. "What? You killed Danis twice? How is that possible?"

I shake my head and look away from her again to stare at the far wall, covered in paintings and other fancy objects I can't even identify. "While Master was training me in the Labyrinth, I came across Danis. He had... he had killed two of my closest friends. Master was going to kill Danis himself, but before he could do the deed, I killed Danis myself. It was the most painful thing I've ever done in my life."

"You poor thing. I don't mean to prod, but if you killed Danis once, how could you possibly kill him again?"

"Master cloned him. He wanted Danis to go back to humanity and continue living normally."

Amy is silent for a few moments. "A cloning mechanism. This explains so much. Perhaps... perhaps the Supreme Commander has been executing political dissidents, then replacing them with clones. But, the only problem is, I always thought Jason Hiro was on the same side politically as Danis Thornum. Everything pointed to it. Was I wrong? Did he want you to kill Danis the second time?"

"No. Master is definitely angry at me. He looked so disappointed when he saw what I had done. How can I face him now?"

"Okay." Amy rustles around on the bed behind me and lays down, pressing her back to mine. "This is a lot to take in. I heard nothing of Danis's angelic form being discovered in Heaven. Could he have been executed on arrival? Does this involve the angels too?"

She pauses. "No... this could go deeper. What if the angels and demons are conspiring together to kill all of humanity off? But if Jason Hiro is pro-demon, why did he take issue with Danis? I don't understand. I'm missing so many pieces to the puzzle."

I accidentally let out a loud yawn, and it interrupts Amy's train of thought. "Oh, are you tired already?"

"Sorry. I just feel so sleepy, ever since I drank that cherry cider."

"I'm a little exhausted myself. I flew that ship for a full day straight. Let's catch some shut-eye and talk about it later, alright?"

"Okay."

"Good night, Lora."

I fidget with my fingers slightly. "When we wake up, can I speak with Master?"

"Um... we'll see. I have to ask Steven if it's alright with him."

"Oh... okay. Thank you, Amy."

..............................................

Ben presses a series of buttons on the holo-table in the center of my suite, while the dog, Milkduds, watches with a hint of boredom on her face. A series of graphs and charts appear and hover over the table.

He points at one graph in particular. "The black market takes probably 10% of all wasted food, at least as far as my informant estimates. Even if you shut down the black market and redistribute the food, it won't measurably impact the whole of humanity in the slightest, and certainly not for any positive gains."

"This isn't just about food, Ben, think about psychology. Allowing this black market to exist means we're giving people a way to disrespect the government. I should use my Wordsmithing to create new energy sources that can give humanity the energy it needs. With that energy, we can power replicators, and the necessity of the black market system would vanish overnight."

Ben groans audibly and shakes his head. "You absolutely cannot use Wordsmithing in that way. Nobody aside from a few select humans, and apparently the Demon Emperors, know that you are a Wordsmith. If the Supreme Commander of humanity were revealed to have magical powers, it would be madness. We'd have riots within the hour, generals would struggle to keep the military in control, and there would be accusations that we were conspiring with the demons."

Heh. That's a funny thought, considering I somewhat _am_ conspiring with them. Ben probably knows that though, given he's seen my memories.

"Okay, but surely there's a way I can use my Wordsmithing to benefit humanity somehow. I don't see why Marie hasn't explored every possible option to improve life for mankind."

"You're wrong. She's tried many systems. This one, as dysfunctional as it might seem to an observer like you, has had the greatest success and stability. Remember Edgar?"

"The guy we played billiards with? Yeah, I remember. What about him?"

Ben waggles his finger at me. "When we left, Edgar was on the way to working his way back up the ladder again. By making life as miserable as possible for lower class citizens, and offering a system for the talented to climb their way up a ladder to a better lifestyle, they have direct incentive to work their tails to the bone."

I raise an eyebrow. "Life at the top doesn't seem that great though. The foods almost as shitty at the top as it is at the bottom. Whether a nutrition bar is 5% real food or 35%, it's still made of shit in the end."

"Sure, if you look at the system just from the perspective of food. It's not that bad though. The air is cleaner, the suites are nicer, and bigger to boot..."

"Not everyone can be an upper-class citizen though, Ben. It's literally impossible. Under Marie's system, there will always be a swath of the population living in total poverty. That's immoral."

Ben chuckles and pets the dog to his side. "Immoral? Listen to you, the guy who murdered a little girl in cold blood. You're one to talk."

"That's not an argument. What I did was wrong, yes, but that doesn't make Marie's society worth living in."

"I didn't say it was. Jason, Marie already tested out a society where humans could have anything they wanted. It was awful, and soon exploded into chaos. If you give people everything they want, they'll just want more."

"So you keep half the population in perpetual poverty, and dangle a carrot in front of them expecting them to work hard just to get a lick of it, only for them to find out they can never have it?"

To my surprise, it's not Ben, but Mishmash who speaks up. "It doesn't matter, does it, Jason? Marie is right. By keeping the weakest, slowest, dumbest members of society at the bottom, they'll never be able to gather themselves up and fight back. Who cares if they're mad at their poverty? They can't do anything to change the system. They're powerless."

I glare at the dog. "Shut up, mutt. The fuck does a demon hound know about socio-economics anyway?"

She rolls her eyes. "More than you, apparently."

"I'll throw you off that balcony again if you press me."

"I'd welcome it at this point." She curls up in a ball at Ben's feet and pretends to ignore me. I'm not fooled though, I know that animal is trouble.

Ben coughs into his fist. "Anyway, this is all superfluous. Even if you _could_ create an energy system with Wordsmithing, and even if humanity just went along with you being a Wordsmith, it could cause jealousy and fear among the Volgrim. Above all other things, we can't let that happen."

"Why?"

Ben shrugs. "Dunno. All I'm certain of is that Marie never, ever wanted to go to war with them. Her fear was rather irrational, for a woman as calm as she was."

"Hmm."

..............................................

**TEMPORAL DATE 4815.23P: INTERVIEW LOG FOR SUBJECT MARIE 12F, REGARDING THE APPEARANCE OF UNKNOWN ENTITY, HENCEFORTH DUBBED 'JASON X'. INTERVIEW CLASSIFICATION LEVEL: ALPHA BRANCH ONLY.**

_Subject Marie 12F is seated at interview table. Her interviewer is Temporal Adjunct Marie 7A._

Marie 7A: I've started the recording. I'm going to try and keep this interview brief, so let's get right to it. Due to special circumstances surrounding your universe, the Council has been forced to declassify several confidential files just for this debriefing, so please keep your answers short and succinct.

Marie 12F: I understand.

Marie 7A: Good. As I'm sure you're aware, Maries from Source universes ordinarily are not privy to a variety of highly classified information, specifically regarding Wordsmithing, but also including the state of other time-streams. We have hesitantly decided to temporarily lift this information embargo, but only on a need-to-know basis.

Marie 12F: Am I allowed to ask questions?

Marie 7A: If you must, but don't expect any answers.

Marie 12F: (Subject shifts in her seat.) Um, very well.

Marie 7A: Your universe is a unique one. Of all the possible ways it might have turned out, yours is the only one that has no ongoing wars. It is a veritable bastion of peace, compared to other universes.

Marie 12F: Yes, I'm very proud of my work.

Marie 7A: You are? How could you be proud unless you know the state of other universes?

Marie 12F: Well, I mean, I have heard that other universes are usually embroiled in violence. I don't know much about them, though.

Marie 7A: (Adjunct makes a note on her datapad.) If you've heard information about the other universes, who told you? Was it an informant? A mole?

Marie 12F: Ah, no. In fact, I believe I learned bits and pieces from the call-center Maries. Sometimes things just slipped out. I couldn't tell you who said it though... it was a long time ago.

Marie 7A: They just... slipped out? I see. I'll have to call for a review of this later.

Marie 12F: Am I in trouble? Have I broken any rules?

Marie 7A: That's what we're here to find out. I will not be the Marie deciding on your status, in any case, so try to remain alert.

Marie 12F: (Subject taps her fingers slowly on the table in front of her.) I'll do my best.

Marie 7A: As per my instructions regarding newly declassified information, I must inform you of disturbing developments in the multiverse. But first, a question. What do you know with regards to the operation of the multiverse?

Marie 12F: (Subject pauses to tap her lips.) Well, I have, ah, _heard_ that there are Source Universes, and Traveler universes. Both are created by Wordsmiths.

Marie 7A: Yes. Go on.

Marie 12F: Ninety-nine percent of universes are Traveler universes, but Source universes are extremely rare.

Marie 7A: Ah, that percentage was official at one point, but it's outdated now. It's actually 99.9996% of all universes that are Traveler created.

Marie 12F: I see. Sorry, but I don't follow the point you're making. This seems rather semantic...

Marie 7A: To you, it might appear that way. There has been a disturbing increase in the number of universes that are part of the multiverse. In the past, we would see a few new universes form every so often, so keeping track of the new variants wasn't too tedious. Every new universe generally held a Marie we could initiate contact with, and so we could use her to find out the state of affairs.

Marie 12F: And that changed?

Marie 7A: Very much so. More importantly, the universes being created have no Maries for us to contact. Several thousand years ago, over a million universes appeared in a single week's time. You were not told this, of course, because you are a Source Marie. There was a huge panic over what caused this rapid expansion, and while it didn't maintain the speed of expansion for long, since then the rate of expansion has increased tenfold over what it was before the incident.

Marie 12F: So instead of a few universes every now and then...

Marie 7A: One new universe develops every single day now, at the minimum. All of them lack Maries, and none of them have a visible Jason present anywhere.

Marie 12F: If I may ask, do you have a working theory over what's causing this?

Marie 7A: Of course. Believe it or not, the current theory is that all these new universes are obfuscation, that is, background noise just to distract us. It's reasonable to assume that a rogue Jason is running loose, creating new universes, and then leaving afterward. Somewhere within these universes, there may be a plot being hatched to destroy the Temporal Council.

Marie 12F: (Subject pauses for 14.5 seconds before responding.) I see why you're in a small panic over this, but I don't see what it has to do with me, or why I'm being questioned right now.

Marie 7A: That's understandable. We've been reviewing the memory files for Jason X, the new arrival in your universe, and we've found disturbing information. It calls into question the very nature of your universe.

Marie 12F: (Subject stiffens in her seat and a look of alarm visibly passes over her face.) Are... are you saying I have something to do with this? I assure you, I've given you everything I have to offer! I followed the proper protocols!

Marie 7A: Calm down, this isn't about you. We have several key things noted in your personality file, notably one of them is a statement that you 'Keep Jason 12F on a leash like a loyal dog', is that correct?

Marie 12F: Well, yes, I may have made that statement at some point in the-

Marie 7A: You've also stated on many occasions that you have firm control over your Source universe. Is that also correct?

Marie 12F: I believe so... yes.

Marie 7A: Are you familiar with Wordsmithed clones?

Marie 12F: Huh? What's this change of topic about?

Marie 7A: I assure you, it is relevant. Have you become aware of the concept of a Wordsmith cloning himself or someone else?

Marie 12F: I've never seen it happen, but of course I have theories that it could work.

Marie 7A: So you unilaterally deny ever ordering Jason 12F to clone himself?

Marie 12F: Of course. Controlling one wordsmith is hard enough, and I wouldn't do something like that unless I had permission from the Temporal Council.

Marie 7A: And you've never taken steps to clone Jason 12F yourself, using any form of technology, or any biological augmentation?

Marie 12F: (Subject rubs her hands together and avoids eye contact with the Adjunct for a few moments.) No. Well, not Jason, anyway. As I said, I'd never do something so dangerous with a Wordsmith. However, for the, err, the wife that I introduced him to... Sarah Gonzales... well, there was some genetic manipulation involved there.

Marie 7A: Go on.

Marie 12F: I synthesized a serum taken from several demonic succubi, and after wiping Sarah's memory, programmed her to be the perfect woman. Once she was injected with the serum, she was the ultimate distraction for him. Of course, he never knew this, and over time I was able to use her in other ways, but I do admit to genetic modification. Just, not with Jason Hiro.

Marie 7A: Sarah Gonzales... that name is oddly familiar. (Adjunct stops the interrogation for a full minute to review notes on her datapad.) Curious, she's listed several times as a potential lover for Jason Hiro, in many universes, but the information is strictly forbidden from a Source universe. How did you conclude that she was the ideal female for your pet project?

Marie 12F: What if I told you it was a lucky guess?

Marie 7A: Don't mock me. This is not a joke; the multiverse itself is at stake.

Marie 12F: Fine, fine. Gods, I got the information from a colleague at the Temporal Council. I was hoping Jason might have a person he shared a bond with across several universes. I thought it might help with my research, and it did!

Marie 7A: Which Marie gave you this information?

Marie 12F: What are you going to do to her if I tell you?

Marie 7A: Do you honestly care for her well-being?

Marie 12F: Not really. Just curious, I suppose. She's Marie 114G.

Marie 7A: Noted. This is a breach of security, but we'll worry about that later. Anything you'd like to admit to before we continue?

Marie 12F: Not that I know of.

Marie 7A: Let's get back to clones. Via Wordsmithing, Jason can make clones of himself. Clones, however, start off as mindless beings, and only if you order them to be sentient will they gain the ability to move of their own accord. However, as noted in a few historical records, clones are sentient even before being allowed free-movement. They frequently become hostile once freed, with rare exception.

Marie 12F: Okay...

Marie 7A: As you've said before, you reviewed the memory footage taken from Jason X. However, it would seem you didn't examine much of it in detail.

Marie 12F: No, unfortunately. I only had a few hours before Jason X arrived in his office. I was also busy finding out from my resurrected colleague, Benjamin Brown, that he had just betrayed me. It was a turbulent time.

Marie 7A: Of course. Well, we've spent the last several days poring over every second of his memory, and here is where I have to be very serious. We suspect there is another Wordsmith in your universe, one other than Jason X and Jason 12F.

Marie 12F: You do? I can see how your questioning would lead up to that, but haven't I proven that can't be the case?

Marie 7A: It would seem so, but this has only made our conclusions murkier. In Jason X's memories, he conducted a few key conversations with Yama, the Second Emperor of Hell, and the content of those conversations was quite disturbing. Yama spoke, specifically, about an 'army of wordsmiths' that Jason would have to face if the humans found him. Don't you find that odd?

Marie 12F: That's weirdly specific of him to say, sure, but Yama is an observed liar. He broke peace treaties on many occasions, including thousands of years ago when he threatened to engulf a planet in my system with his darkness. I even came across him saying that I put bombs inside the brains of human scientists, though it had honestly never occurred to me. Not a bad idea, though.

Marie 7A: A liar, yes, that is true. However, every lie usually has a grain of truth in it. Yama not only spoke of an army of cloned wordsmiths, but he knew intimate details of how wordsmithing functions. Furthermore, Yama sent Beelzebub to teach Jason X how wordsmithing worked. Given that Bael was also at the table, it's likely that all the Demon Emperors know this information.

Marie 12F: I see. So in the end, someone is feeding them information about Wordsmithing. However, Yama can listen to conversations wherever there is darkness. This is why I keep all discussions of a sensitive nature limited to rooms flooded with anti-energy. Perhaps, just by observing Jason 12F, he was able to learn of Wordsmithing's intricacies. Though, I _did_ tell Jason to never Wordsmith unless necessary.

Marie 7A: Yama's knowledge extended well beyond anything Jason 12F might know. Once again, I ask you, did you ever give information to Jason 12F that might indicate he could clone himself or others via Wordsmithing?

Marie 12F: (Subject appears visibly stressed.) Of course not! I didn't even know for sure it was a possibility until you told me a few minutes ago! God damn, I need a cigarette. This is stressful.

Marie 7A: I apologize, but we don't offer any illegal drugs on this station.

Marie 12F: Illegal drugs? You're a Marie! We all love cig-

Marie 7A: Let's move on. The final piece of this puzzle was confirmed by an agent we sent to your universe yesterday. She successfully recovered a sample of material from Danis Thornum's corpse. We are, of course, referring to the Danis Thornum who was murdered by Jason X's servant girl, 'Lora'. Based on material recovered from his corpse, biological markers saved in your databases from his recent physical checkup, and memories taken from Jason X's mind... we have confirmed that Jason X cloned Danis Thornum.

Marie 12F: Cloned him? What do you mean?

Marie 7A: The girl that followed Jason X around, the slave he recovered from Yama's domain, murdered Danis when he went into the Labyrinth for vulgar purposes. Jason cloned Danis, and then sent Danis to be a spy among humanity. Based on Jason X's memory of the second time this Lora girl killed Danis, her murder of Danis was an unintended event.

Marie 12F: So... you're saying... Danis was already dead? I mean, that day, he did appear to be slower than usual. I didn't think much of it, but now that you mention it...

Marie 7A: There's more. Yama never told Jason X the specifics of how cloning would work, yet Jason seemed to understand the process on an innate level, according to his memory files. He knew that he had to order Danis to become sentient. The implications are quite serious.

Marie 12F: Let me see if I understand. Jason X is a Source Jason, or at least we suppose he is, but he possesses knowledge that even I don't... Yama knows details of Wordsmithing that he absolutely shouldn't, and you suspect that Jason 12F or I am somehow to blame?

Marie 7A: Given the short amount of time we've put into this case, we have many possible theories. I won't go over them all. A working theory though is that somehow, Jason 12F learned of other universes, created the clone currently known as Jason X, and then Jason 12F erased his own memory of the cloning process. If that were true, even your memory manipulation machine wouldn't find the memories.

Marie 12F: (Subject crosses her arms and leans back in her chair.)...I'm sorry, but that's a stupid theory. Trust me, I know Jason 12F very well. He wouldn't do something like that.

Marie 7A: So you say. In any case, we have enough information to continue our investigation. You've been a big help, Marie 12F.

Marie 12F: Am I free to go?

Marie 7A: Technically yes, but you can't return to your universe just yet. The final reason we've brought you here is to reiterate, one more time, the grave danger that Jason X represents, not just to your little universe, but the multiverse as a whole. A Wordsmith is already a temporal threat by himself, but if he should take control and initiate a war against the Volgrim, they could unleash their ultimate weapon a third time. The Temporal Council cannot overstate the importance that this Jason's mysteries be unveiled, and soon.

Marie 12F: I know you won't answer my question, but I have to try. What is the Volgrim secret weapon that you're so worried about?

Marie 7A: I don't even know myself. Only the highest level Maries are allowed to know, along with Jason Alpha. Take care, Marie 12F, and you should learn to keep that curiosity in check.

Marie 12F: Is that possible? We _are_ Maries, after all.

Marie 7A: Very true.
