Part 070: Umi

Humans.

They're weak, pathetic, petty, fragile beings. They fight amongst themselves over anything, they're worse than starving dogs fighting over a bone. They'll do anything to hurt one another.

Some humans can demonstrate a great amount of compassion. Sometimes you can even make humans appear respectable and make them follow a hierarchy. But it's always temporary. It's always transient.

Since I first started observing every being in existence, I've found many things to be true, but the most true is that humans are the lowest of all sentient races.

But... there is a problem with that statement.

As it stands, humans as a whole are completely worthless. Demons are far more powerful, more advanced, more intelligent, and more devoted to tradition and hierarchy than humans are. They understand that might makes right, but also that you have to go through a proper channel. This makes them easy to _control_.

But I fear humans. Not the whole of humanity, but the single individual.

Collectively, humans are weak, but once in a great while, a single human arises. This one human will change everything in an instant. Demons live for ages upon ages, usually dying only if killed by another being. They have the ability to live eternally, just as the angels do, but demons will very often die at some point due to an accident, or a challenge to their rank, or any one of a thousand other possibilities.

But humans only live a short while. Unless they take the power of a demon somehow, they will often die in the blink of an eye. They are born, they live, and they die. Every single human who has ever lived knows this to be true.

But their weakness, their eventual guaranteed death, is also their strength. It is a strange quirk of fate whatever gods may actually exist gave humanity the shortest life span, but also the most unstable bodies. They are the testing ground for all other sentient species. For every 1,000 powerful demons or angels, there only exists one powerful human.

But that human will become a true monster.

And two of those humans have come into recent existence. One perished at the cost of many demon lives, a few hundred years ago. A blink in the folds of time, especially compared to how long I have existed. The other seemed to be born immediately afterwards. I usually have time to react and sense the presence of a powerful human, but this one simply appeared one day. In _my_ labyrinth.

This is my home. It is my domain. It is connected to everything that was and will be. And the human appeared out of nowhere. Where did he come from? I cannot interfere with him directly or indirectly, I can only observe. And observe I do.

This human is going to be a great trouble. He possesses knowledge and intelligence no other human before him has had. He has a terrifyingly unique power. And he's rapidly becoming more adept at using it.

I have to stop him.

I have to kill him.

If I don't he will be the end of me.

_Unacceptable._
