Part 064 - Confrontation

I ran faster than I'd ever run in my life. The corridors were alien and unknown to me. The sounds of a fierce battle grew distant behind me, as I wiped away my tears.

If I ever survived this, I would never be able to forgive myself for leaving our most famed general behind to face those monsters alone. I could never allow myself to see the honor of medals or ceremonies ever again. When next I fought, it would only be to redeem myself for the tragic sin of leaving behind my commander and fleeing the field of battle.

Of course, I had been told to leave, but it was no order. It could hardly be called an excuse. I know nobody at home would blame me, but I would blame myself. I will always blame myself.

Running down the corridors, I began to feel a sense of hopelessness overwhelm me. I was only guessing which direction to go. Sometimes the path went up, sometimes it went down.

I slowed to a halt as I entered a rather large room. It had crumbled bits of marble and rock scattered on the ground, as the remnants of a smashed statue's remains had been littered everywhere. At my feet, there lay a great golden door. Unbelievable in its size and weight. If this was truly solid gold, it would have been worth a thousand treasuries.

All around me, the signs of a battle fought long ago. Skeletons littered the ground, likely decayed and rotted from whatever distant past they had come from. Strangely though, none of these skeletons were wearing clothes. Had their remains been looted by whomever the victors were? I knew not.

Different paths opened up around me. Across from me, a large doorway, the doors themselves missing, sat ahead of me. I assumed that must be the place these incredible doors had once barred. Whatever had sent them flying, it must have been incredibly powerful.

To my right and left there were two other open pathways. I knew not which pathway, if any, would lead me to salvation or despair. It was hopeless. This maze grew only more consuming as I made my way down its paths. There could be no escape from this hell. I bitterly stifled my emotions as I realized I had left my General behind to die alone pointlessly. I might as well have died fighting alongside him, and died with honor.

I sat down on the steps and took a swig of my small ration of water. This was all I had left. To increase my speed, I had left much behind. I had no food, only a small bit of water, and no hope to escape this maze. If I was lucky, I would die to starvation and dehydration rather than the demons that infested this place.

As I sat there, I noticed something curious, out of the corner of my eyes. One of the skeletons, buried underneath the door, but sticking halfway out, it seemed to be moving. I immediately leaped to my feet in alarm. Shit! Of course, these were not the remains of humans! These were reanimated undead creatures, likely summoned by necrotic energies. My alarm slowly faded though as I realized the skeleton could only shift its weight a bit here and there. It slowly turned and cocked its head at me, and instead of trying to shift towards me, it seemed to be trying to _get away_.

The skeleton clawed at the ground, trying to pull itself free and head in the direction of the path to my right. As I pondered this, my heart suddenly stopped as I heard a voice from behind me. The voice was deep and gravelly, almost animalistic in tone.

"A human?"

My body began shaking and my breath slowed to almost a standstill as I slowly turned around to face the thing that had asked the question.

From behind me, in the distant darkness, I saw a demon. A silhouetted demon with two bright white glowing eyes.