Part 353a

_June 2nd, 2117._

Amy groaned inwardly to herself as she heard her car's horn being frantically slammed on, over and over again. _Geez, that girl needs to learn some patience._

She flicked her eyes around desperately, the awful nagging noise outside nearly driving her up the wall. _Where did I put that damn purse?_ She speed-walked into the kitchen, pulling open the oven door just to check. _Not there. Thankfully. I'll know I'm getting old if that happens._

She sighed and took a deep breath, then found herself wondering about that last thought. _Come to think of it... I'm a hundred and four years old. I've only had one child and that was barely a decade ago. I don't... feel very old though. Certainly not over a hundred... shouldn't I be taking up knitting or something?_

As she stood there tapping on her lip for a few moments, the back door to the kitchen was flung open and her daughter took a step inside before noticing her mother. "Come on, mom! We're going to be late!"

"I know, sweetheart. I'm just... trying to find my purse. I know I left it here somewhere..."

Sarah scrunched up her face in confusion. "What? I already took that out to the car. Let's go!"

Amy groaned audibly before a smile crept over her face. "God, you had me worried for a second. Thought I was getting Alzheimer's or something."

"As if. You don't look a day over thirty! Now stop dawdling or I'll be late for recital!" Sarah didn't wait for an answer as she ducked back out the door, leaving it open behind her.

"Why are you leaving the back door open... the car is out front..." Amy grumbled to herself as she slammed the door and locked it, turning to walk back towards the front door. "Jerry, we're leaving the house now! Go ahead and lock it down in security mode."

The android quickly walked around the corner, nodding his head mechanically. "Response: Yes ma'am! I am ready to defend this house to the last pulse of energy!"

"Aww, you're working on your sense of humor! Ta-ta!" Amy shut the door behind herself as that odd automaton smiled at her weirdly from behind. It wasn't the AI she had expected thanks to movies from her youth, but at least it wasn't trying to go Terminator and kill her. Overall, she considered it a win-win.

Minutes later, she and her daughter were on the road, the radio tuned to a pop station the two of them liked as they bobbed their heads and moved to the beat.

"Last week, I met this girl in choir and we hit it off so well! I think she might be my new best friend or something! She's dating this guy and he's alright but she was asking me if the three of us could go to the beach this Sunday."

Sarah babbled and gushed about her new friends and Amy smiled politely, though she seemed relatively unconcerned about the whole thing. "Yeah, you can go. Just make sure to bring some sun-tan. It's starting to really shine lately. Weird since London has always been a really cloudy place."

"Yeah, I know what you mean. Ever since the nuclear attack a few years ago..." Sarah trailed off for a moment as she glanced out the side of the hover-car to the west. "It's already been seven years but it feels like yesterday. I was just a little girl when the demons attacked us."

"You were, indeed." Amy spoke cautiously as she thought about her own feelings regarding the attack. "The anniversary is next month. I wonder if the new Supreme Commander will take any steps to rename the day, maybe make it a holiday or something."

Sarah scrunched up her face as she glanced at her mom in confusion. "Rename it? Why would he do that?"

"Well, the footage of the attack stirs up a lot of emotions for those of it who lived in fear for years after the attack. Many people think another one is coming, or maybe even that it was a false flag to justify Stonewall's actions against the demons. Renaming it to Peace and Prosperity Day, like some of the news commentators have suggested, would help move those feelings into the past. I think it's time to move on."

Amy took a minor detour, seeing as a traffic accident was making the local Enforcers re-route vehicles to the west or east. Sarah seemed to mull over her mother's thoughts for a few moments.

"Yeah, I guess that might help some people... still, there's something else that's bugging me."

Her tone seemed serious, making Amy glance over at her. "What's that?"

"You! You keep bringing up the Supreme Commander out of thin air! It's like you're always thinking about him or something!" Sarah's expression brightened into a playful smile as she teased her mom. "Dad is your number one though, right? You'd never cheat on him, would you?"

Amy blanched as she stared at her daughter in amazement. "What? Never! I can't believe you'd even think such a thing!"

"I'm just kidding. Jeez." Sarah puffed her lip out as she turned to stare out the window at the buildings they were passing by.

"Ah, sorry. Don't joke about that though. Your father means the world to me... to the both of us." Amy felt a weird air settling in the car and decided to try and make it pass quickly. "Besides, I bet the Supreme Commander is more up your alley anyway."

"What?! No way, he's way too old! I don't ever want to date a guy that much older than me!" Now it was Sarah's turn to look shocked, giving Amy a much needed chuckle as she rounded the last corner and pulled into the mega-church parking lot.

"Well, we're here, Sarah. Have a good day and put your heart into choir." Amy leaned over and kissed her daughter on the cheek, feeling a slight dismay as Sarah leaned away from from her. _Right, I keep forgetting she's too old for that now._

Sarah blushed as a group of people walked past the car and stared inside at them. "Well, erm, anyway! Bye mom, love you!" Sarah climbed out quickly and slammed the door, taking her bag along with her as she headed into church.

_I'd love to join you, but work calls._ Amy sighed as she watched her daughter walk away. A few moments later, she pulled forwards and started driving the rest of the way to her day job.

.......................................................................

"Uhhhhh..."

I can't believe my eyes. How did she get past security? I'm actually speechless right now.

" _Uh_? Is that how you really want to greet me?" Belial stares at me and I feel this weird sensation in the back of my mind. She's not just a strong demon, but apparently crafty as hell too.

Here I am coming back to my office in the London HQ to grab some papers, and a freaking succubus is sitting in my personal office's chair, behind my desk. How could she have gotten past the energy scanners? Are they useless? Do they serve any point at all if someone with her power can just sneak in?

Well, at least she's wearing clothes this time. The last time I remember seeing her, she was wearing some skimpy outfit as she likes to do. For once she's wearing an actual feminine business suit. Maybe she infiltrated the place by looking totally normal?

"Belial. I just... didn't expect to see you. What brings you here to say hello?" I quickly close the door behind me as I glance around the room. She hasn't touched anything and appears to have just been sitting here... waiting. She already closed the blinds so no random person walking past could see in, and my door's sign still said 'Out of the office'... the only question is how long she's been waiting.

She seems miffed for a moment, almost as if my question touched a nerve. "You never called."

"I... beg your pardon?" I furrow my brow as I take a few steps forwards and sit down across from her... on the other side of MY desk. This feels like when I talked to Stonewall in this very room, all over again.

"I gave you my card. When you took me prisoner, you made it sound like you were going to call me. You never did." She crosses her arms and raps her fingers against her biceps impatiently.

"Sorry. I kind of... forgot." I smile weakly and she rolls her eyes in response. "I really did mean to call though, but after everything that happened, I was dragged away and the call slipped my mind."

"Whatever. It's not like the time taken matters, since we're both immortal." She seems to relax in the chair a little bit and her arms slacken up.

"How did you get past security?" I decide to try the direct approach, seeing as this is really bugging me.

"You think I'll tell you? A woman has her secrets." She shoots a cunning smiles at me as I nod in return.

"You must have seduced your way past the men. I'll have to keep that in mind for the future."

She pulls back and her posture stiffens, telling me I was on the right track. "Lucky guess."

"In my experience, Belial, there's no such thing as mere luck. Only knowledge and how you use it. I know you too well."

She seems to appreciate my candor. "Glad to hear it. In fact, that's why I wanted to talk to you. You've been on my mind ever since we last spoke a few years ago."

"It's been a lot longer than a 'few' years." I correct her pointedly and she smiles in return.

"Time moves differently for me than it does for you. If you manage to live for several thousand years, you'll understand. Anyway, getting back on topic." She leans forwards and rests her arms on the desk. "It's about the future. I have many questions that I can't answer, though I'm not sure if you will answer for me. Namely... it's about... Satan."

Despite her pretenses, I can tell now that she's very uncomfortable about something, in a way one conversation won't get out of the way. "What about him?"

"You told me he dies in the future. How?"

"I can't tell you that. I'm not going to answer specifics about the future." I keep my resolve in the face of a woman I once loved, but the look of pain on her face isn't helping make it easy.

"Jason..." Her face shifts and I can't help but notice that she seems to look almost melancholy now. "Even if we were an item in the future... that was then. This is now. I don't want him to die. You've been destroying the labyrinth and killing demons in catastrophic numbers... he'll have to take serious action at some point soon. When he does..." I felt my heart pounding just a little faster as her pupils seemed to dilate slightly, as if a strange feeling was being beamed into my mind. "...are you going to spare him?"

I shake my head quickly, trying to get the oppressive aura out of my head. "I don't know. I won't know until that day comes. Asking me is futile, because I don't have the capability to predict the future. I only know as much about it as I do when it stays on the correct path, and it's already straying now."

"Mmm. I wonder." She pulled back in the chair and seemed unconvinced. "You think it's changing, then?"

"I do."

"Would you say the changes are positive or negative?" She stares at me pointedly and I frown as I try to guess at the meaning of her words.

"I don't follow."

"Well, you're killing off the demons, the Volgrim are gone, humans are soon to become the dominant superpower, and it's likely the angels will fall afterwards. Is this a victory, in your opinion? Have you truly won?" As she hits me with questions, I find myself wondering if she was always this philosophical in the future.

"In some ways, yes. In others, no. My goals have changed though. The future I sought to preserve while only changing the parts that were bad was too indeterminate. I need to change it more dramatically. I need to make sure the demons don't rule the universe."

"I see. And the best way to achieve that goal is to kill all of us?"

"Well, for the most part, yes."

"Even me?"

She stares into my eyes softly and I feel my mind form the word 'no', but my heart relents. "Maybe."

"Hm." She barely seems affected by my opinion. "Why not kill me now? Why bother waiting?"

Damn. She's got me there. "I... I'm still not sure about that yet."

"So that's how it is? I think I'm beginning to get the picture. You'll kill off all of the demons, except for me, and you'll use me as a slave to fulfill your desires. Is that about how you see it? Maybe you'll keep a few other succubus girls too. Can't be locked to one slave when you're the almighty ruler, can you?"

My eyes widen as she says this. "What?! No! That's outrageous! I'd never do that!"

"Are you certain? You seemed to want to make peace with the Volgrim once, and look how that turned out. You eradicated them. You sounded like you weren't really an enemy of my people when we last spoke, yet now you slaughter us. What are you, Jason? Friend? Or foe?" Her expression has darkened considerably, and now she looks really angry.

I struggle to find words and instead opt not to respond. I don't know... if it's just 'demons', then exterminating them seems easy. But... Belial... Samantha... I don't consider her an enemy. I can't just kill her.

"Words fail, then? I understand. This is what I came for, and I've gotten my answer." She seems to sneer at me, almost as if in disgust. "If you wanted a fuck-toy, you could have just asked. Killing off all the friends and family that belong to me, only to selfishly let me live for your own pleasure... you really are nauseating. I don't know what sick future I came from, but if it means that I ever entertained the notion of being with you... I'd sooner impale myself than let that happen."

She stands up from the chair abruptly, interrupting my train of thoughts. "Wait, Belial. Don't go... this isn't the way you think it is. It's not like that." I'm panicking, wondering how the conversation shifted so rapidly. I'm not good with calming down angry people.

"Oh _sure_ it isn't. I've known many men, many rulers. I know how men work. You're a selfish, arrogant little shit. You act as if you're doing this for the good of humanity, or whatever noble ambition you might be pursuing, but it's all to preserve the parts of the future that you like. I bet that if you get your wish, it will be humans that rule the galaxy and demons will just be left in groups to be hunted for sport. That's what you really want, isn't it?"

She walks around the desk and starts to walk past me, but I grab her hand that's dangling by her side. "Wait... Lilia. Don't go."

She yanks her hand away from me as a flash of anger blasts across her face. "You even know the name Satan gave me?! I would never share that with you! You must be quite the mind-controller in the future." She freezes for a second, and I suddenly realize it's not just anger she's feeling. Her shoulders are shaking, as if she's fighting back tears.

"I won't kill the demons then. I'll spare Satan!" I quickly jump to my feet, but before I can say another word, a single tear streaks down her cheek.

"That won't be enough. It's too late for that now!"

My vision goes spotty as a flash of hand movement appears out of nowhere. A moment later, I'm lying on the ground, dazed, as my hearing goes in and out. I close my eyes, then open them a few seconds later as a dull ringing appears.

I'm... on top of something uncomfortable. My back screams in pain as I suddenly realize that there's someone standing over me, waving his hands and yelling something I can't understand. A sharp feeling digs into my back as I painfully notice I'm on top of some rubble. My natural regeneration starts to kick in, aided by Excalibur as I finally comprehend what happened.

She hit me. Hard.

I must have smashed through three series of walls, an attack that would have killed any normal human. If it weren't for my incredibly durable body, I might have been turned into Jello.

My spine screams in pain, as someone quickly touches my shoulder.

"Supreme Commander! I am doctor Nielson, how are you feeling? Can you speak properly?" He shines a light into my eyes as I glance around in confusion.

"Where... did she go?"

The doctor glances behind himself to follow my gaze. "The intruder? She escaped sir. We're in pursuit now. You were unconscious for several minutes. Can you count how many fingers I'm holding up?"

Several minutes? It felt like a few seconds. The pain is screaming in my body, but I can already feel my organs starting to knit themselves together. In minutes I'll be fine.

"Four. I'm alright, doctor. Just give me a few minutes to walk it off, and I'll be in perfect condition." I reached back and rubbed my back, stifling a pained gag as I realized I had landed on a sharp rock that impaled my spinal cord. Luckily, unlike the last time my spine was badly injured, I've already healed most of the damage up.

Belial is gone now, and I doubt the Enforcers will be able to follow her.

That was no mere slap... it was delivered with brutal intent. I almost think... she was trying to end me in one blow.

The woman I once loved tried to kill me. This is definitely a new future I'm headed towards.