Part 039: Awakening

I pointed my finger at Bahamut.

"I have judged you and found you lacking. You posed as a god, when really you were a devil. You deceived men for your own personal gain. You ruined lives, you ruined countries, you helped bring ruin to the entire world, and in the end you were just a coward."

I felt disgust, just looking at this creature. She was a fraud. She had no real power. All her power came from those rings on her finger, and at least in the case of Gabriel, she hadn't even succeeded in using that power.

I could feel, inside my body, that my own power had risen exponentially. I could visually see the spiritual energy of every person in the room thanks to the power of Solomon's crown. Bahamut certainly had an imposing presence, but her actual spiritual energy was lackluster. Perhaps comparable to me when I had first touched Hoarhiim.

As for me, ever since Gabriel accepted me, I had increased my power tenfold. Rivers of spiritual energy poured off my body invisibly and dissipated when it hit the ground. And, most notably, the color of my energy was white. Pure white. Bahamut's energy was red, indicating bloodlust and blood shed. She was a killer.

But then I noticed something... odd. I happened to glance at Amelia, with my newly awakened vision. She too had a spiritual energy color. It was black, pure unending pitch black. A complete void of any color. And, I came to realize, the energy pouring out of her own body vastly dwarfed mine. It raged out of her body. She was a tiny little girl with a cute smile, but that smile hid a terrifying power.

And if she was a servant of the dark... and I was a servant of the light... would we have to fight someday? I turned away. That would have to wait until the unforeseeable future.

Bahamut sneered at me. "Coward?! Well, look at you. A child started playing with a new toy that got a little cocky. Isn't that... cute." She tried to sound menacing, but without her booming voice granted by stealing what little she could of Gabriel's essence, she sounded weak and minuscule.

I lowered my hand and stopped pointing at her. "We will continue where we left off."
