Part 224a

"Hide here, Antonio. Y-you should be safe." Camilla whispered as quietly as she possibly could.

Camilla's hand trembled violently as she piled the garbage on top of her little brother. He was only five years old, and he didn't know what horror was chasing after them.

Antonio nodded quickly, his face pale as his eyes darted to the left... towards the scratching sound just around the corner, at the end of the alley. Camilla quickly, and silently, lowered the plastic lid on the garbage can as she darted away towards the opposite end.

This late at night, there weren't any people on the streets. Eerily, all the lights were dead all over the neighborhood. Not a creature stirred.

Except for... the _thing_ behind her.

Camilla panted as quietly as she could, as she ran away from the scratching sound behind her. No matter how fast she ran, it always seemed to be tens of feet away at the most.

In her fright, Camilla ran around a corner and missed a stack of newspapers left out in front of a shop. Tripping and stumbling forwards, she fell down, bashing her elbows and arms into the pavement.

She yelped in pain, and quickly tried to stifle her voice, but the _thing_ had heard her already, as the scratching turned into the sound of feet running.

_The black reaper_. It was a monster spoken of only in whispers in the streets of Venice. None had ever seen it and lived, but its recent marks of terror were unmistakable. Gruesome scenes of carnage, with pieces of fingers and other miniscule appendages left lying around a scene covered in blood, while the majority of the body was nowhere to be found. The victims tended to be almost totally devoured, and more terrifyingly, there were never prints to be found.

Only one nearby shopkeeper had ever caught a glimpse of it, as it was committing a brutal murder. The name 'black reaper' was created as a result of it's pure black appearance, and the fact that it always seemed to kill the lights whenever it went on the prowl.

Staying in your house was not an option. Running away was not an option. Even fighting back seemed useless.

Camilla staggered to her feet in absolute terror as she ran forwards again, her body screaming in pain, her breath coming only in pained ragged gasps. If she was lucky, she'd have another minute before she collapsed into a pool of her own vomit before her exhaustion took her.

And just as she looked behind her, she ran face-first into something blocking the path. To her shock, it was a little girl, dressed in a pure black dress, almost a gothic lolita style dress of sorts.

"What are you running from?" The little girl looked at her in confusion.

"Ah! Y-you have to get out of here! Run! It's after me!" She grabbed the little girl's hand, pulling her along as she kept staggering forwards, her stomach feeling like it was going to wrench itself at any second.

"What's after you? Why are we running?!" The girl followed along after her quickly, allowing Camilla to pull her along by the hand.

"The Black Reaper! It's coming, just run!" Camilla felt tears flowing from her eyes as she tripped over her own feet, stumbling down to the ground as she coughed and wheezed for breath.

"Oh? The Black Reaper, was it? You don't say." The little girl eyed Camilla lying facedown on the ground, as Camilla wheezed, she suddenly felt a dark chill travel up her spine as she jerked her head back around.

The little girl's head had split in half, each half filled with razor sharp teeth as her animalistic eyes looked down at her prey. "It's so nice of you to play with me! But I'm hungry now, so you'll be my snacky yum-yums! Tee-hee!"

Camilla's eyes shot open as she saw the horror in front of her. She opened her mouth to scream, but her head was already gone. The rest followed quickly, as the little girl happily engorged herself on the corpse of the teenaged girl.

"Gosh, she was tasty! Very nice and tender, and the skin was well-taken care of too!"

Amelia plopped her butt on the ground as she rubbed her stomach.

"Hmm... it wasn't quite enough though..." Her eyes flicked back behind her towards a certain alley a few blocks away. "There was another, wasn't there?"

"My princess, your hunger truly knows no limits." Leviathan spoke simply, as he observed her usual level of carnage. "It's been five years now, don't you think we ought to move to a new town soon? We don't want them assembling Crusaders again."

Amelia sighed as she held her hands up, admiring her recently painted nails. "Well, I _suppose_. Maybe tomorrow. This place is just so _quaint_, you know! Reminds me of the old days!"

Leviathan sighed from within her soul. "Please, princess, do not speak of the old days. You seem so much happier as of late."

She giggled. "Of course I am! So many more snacks than there used to be! I can't wait to see what legends they tell about me here in a few hundred years!"

Leviathan sneered. "Another Jack the Ripper, eh? Humans are so quick to assume it was a male."

"I think it's funny!" Amelia smiled as she got up and started walking towards the alley a few blocks away, reaching out behind her to cast some cleansing magic so none could find any fingerprints or anything else. "And when I reveal myself someday, historians will be blown away!"

Leviathan answered with silence, as she crept into the alley where the garbage can sat all by itself. Slowly raising the lid she peeked in to see a small boy shivering in fright.

"Hey there! Do you want to play Tag? I'm 'it'! I'll give you a headstart too, hee-hee!"