Part 165

Satan floated in the air, as he gazed down at the badly mutilated corpse of his former disciple. _This wasn't just a waste, it was a damned tragedy, losing one with such a hopeful future as him._ Satan scornfully mourned the passing of Lucifer for a few moments, and then he turned around to face the crowd.

"I hope we've all learned what happens when you not only disrespect me, but our entire race of people."

The crowd silently nodded quickly, not wishing to speak.

Satan glanced around. "Belial? Where are you? I need to be healed, since my arms and legs are broken."

Belial cheerfully hopped up towards him. "O~kay! But..." She leaned in close and whispered in his ear. "...I want to know what he knew that made you have to silence him. Deal?"

Satan rolled his eyes. _Women, such troublemakers... but she has much potential, unlike... that corpse over there..._

"Very well. I could just order one of the other healers, but since I like you, why not come to my bedchambers tonight, and I'll tell you all about it?"

Belial sighed. "You men, always only one thing on your minds. But this time, I don't mind! I will consider it a fair trade." She waved her hands around while muttering some unheard words, and Satan felt his body gently mending itself. Unlike the other healers, she was the best. She had full control over her healing ability, and could jam the broken pieces together cruelly, or mend them together sweetly and softly.

Satan sighed with relief as the frankly agonizing pain left him. "Tell you what, Belial. Throw in a backrub, and I'll let you keep that blackened orb over there. My body is very stiff from that fight."

She shrugged. "I don't really want it. It's pretty icky and not that fun looking. BUT, since it's a present from you, Lord Satan, I'll accept~!"

She walked over to it, picking it up daintily as a quick expression of revulsion and disgust washed over her face, then passed as quickly as it had appeared. "S-such a fine gift! I will.... treasure it..." Her voice hinted that she actually thought it was nauseating, but then she never was one to get her hands dirty.

She walked back over and locked her arm around Satan's, giggling as the two of them walked away.

Before they took ten steps, Satan turned his head back around. "Bael. Go clean up that stain on the lawn. It's unsightly."

...................................................................

"Ooooh, that was pretty good. You must have a lot of experience~!" Belial quickly put her clothes back on and stepped out of bed as she tossed her hair back. "I did my part of the bargain, so it's your turn!"

Satan, lying on his stomach, jerked his thumb at his back. "The backrub, if you please. I'll explain it as we go along."

Belial smiled prettily. "You really _are_ a devil." She climbed back on the bed and perched herself on his rear as she started to rub. "So, what was so important to hide that you wouldn't even spare Lucifer? He was your 3rd in command, you know."

Satan groaned heavily as her fingers dug into his thick red skin, softening up his tight muscles. _I can't imagine Heaven being much better than this._ "Well, Lucifer stumbled onto something he shouldn't have. I really wouldn't even be telling you this, but you're not a nitwit like he was, so I know I can trust you."

"Aww, that's so sweet of you! But Diablo is your highest ranked officer below yourself. Can't you even tell him?"

Satan shook his head lightly. "No. I will someday, but for now, the truth needs to be hidden. Telling you this will give you a lot of power, but that is okay."

Belial eyed him curiously as she delicately dug her fingernails into his back. "What makes that okay?"

"It's simple. If I am a king, then I should have a mighty queen by my side! The humans do it, and I should too!"

Belial broke into an explosive laugh. "Hahahaha!! The humans?! They have to mate with each other to have children! Demons come from the underground broodmothers, who spit out imps hour after hour! What good would any bond of matrimony do to you other than split your power?"

Satan hesitated. "Belial... hypothetically... what if I were to be killed by an angel, or a god, or Hercules, as an example? What would happen to the demons if there were no backup?"

Belial stopped her rubbing as she leaned forwards and rested her chin on her arm, lying on his back. "Well, I suppose it wouldn't matter to you, since you would be dead... but it would leave the demons in disarray, and Diablo would have to step up as King."

Satan sneered. "Exactly! And you and I both know, he is a tough demon, but he is inferior to me in power and intellect. No... I need someone more reliable."

Belial nodded. "All right, I see where you're coming from. So what does any of this have to do with the secret that Lucifer learned of?"

A grin spread across Satan's face. "Belial, it has _everything_ to do with it." He carefully got up to a standing position, as she climbed off him. Putting on his royal regalia, he turned to her again. "Come with me, I have something important to show you."