Part 441c - The Butterfly Effect

An alert blinks on the display before me. I can only stare at it in stunned silence for several seconds, before glancing over at Samantha. She's sleeping quietly in her wheelchair, and rest is something she desperately needs, but...

I climb out of the Captain's chair and wheeze as I stumble over to her, then gently tap her shoulder. "Sam. Sammy. Wake up, hun."

She mumbles and tilts her head away from me, but I keep lightly tapping until she contorts her face into a frown, opens her eyes, and blinks slowly at me. "Huh? Wha-?"

"Something is hailing us. Well, _someone_. I don't know who, though."

I hobble back over to my captain's chair, and Samantha sleepily taps on the console. "Um. I can't remember how to use the scanners..."

"Don't bother, I already tried. There's nothing out there, or at least nothing our ship can detect."

Samantha nods slowly and rubs her eyes. "Did you try using your magic yet? Or are you still having those pains?"

The thought of using Wordsmithing at all turns my stomach into a bubbling cauldron. "They haven't gone away. I can try, though... what should I do?"

She shrugs. "Maybe try to 'detect' and see if you can spot anything?"

I clench every part of my body that can be clenched, and chant the magic word. " **Detect.** "

The nausea and pain hit just as hard as they did before, and all around the ship for thousands of miles in every direction, my mind searches the cosmos for signs of life. The void around us has no nearby stars or planets, and after a few seconds, I sigh as the pain stops. "Nothing. I don't know who's hailing us, but-"

A sudden realization occurs to me. I can't sense anyone in the sector, but at the same time, there's a strange hollow spot, not far from our ship. My Wordsmithing can't pierce it, almost as if it's surrounded by anti-energy.

Nervously, I tap the controls, and Samantha watches silently as I execute a narrowly focused scan at the spot where I detected the void. This time, I pick up a faint energy trail, weak enough that I might have considered it background microwave radiation.

A cloaked ship. Someone out there wants to talk to us but doesn't want us to find them.

The ship AI beeps audibly as another hail request comes through. This time, I answer it.

"Who am I speaking to?"

A female voice responds, but no video signal is sent to us, or from our ship. Her voice is modulated and altered away from its original form, and it sounds hollow. "You are the group who destroyed a Volgrim fleet single-handedly, correct?"

I glance over at Samantha. Her eyes meet mine, and seem to say, _Ionis is here. It's unlikely these people can kill us._

"Yeah. Why do you want to know?"

The woman pauses for a moment. "You have three crew members. A human, angel, and demon, along with the Sentinel. Is that right?"

I'm starting to get annoyed. "I'm not going to answer any of your questions until you answer mine. Who are you?"

Another long pause. "I'm human. _We_ are, rather. We are the Resistance."

Samantha's eyes widen noticeably. "The Resistance? Then- doesn't that mean you're that group I've heard about? I thought the Volgrim eliminated you a long time ago."

A hint of sadness sprouts in the woman's voice. "They came close. There aren't many humans left outside the Labyrinth. You must be the succubus listed as the Second Emperor, Belial. I suppose the fact you're allied with a human and an angel means you aren't an enemy."

Samantha leans back in her chair and sulks. "I'm just going along with whatever Hero does. I don't particularly care for any of the sides in this war."

"Hero?" The woman pauses for a moment, and I flinch in my seat as the viewscreen activates. I can see her now, a brown-haired human, looking around fifty years old. She's wearing a navy-blue military outfit with several medals and decorations pinned all over the place, though I don't know what any of them represent. She's a bit... _bigger_ than most people I've seen in the future, but to be fair, I don't know many people. She leans forward and stares at me silently for a few moments.

"Are you a member of the Hero system? Is that why you have an angel with you?"

I shake my head slowly. "No. Well, I mean, I am a Hero, yes. I was given that title by the Archangel Gabriel. The angel girl has nothing to do with it, though."

"Hmm." The woman sighs, "I should introduce myself. My name's Commander Beatrix. I lead what little remnants of humanity exist outside the Labyrinth. Our numbers are few, and our capabilities for war are limited, but we manage to get by. Won't you come aboard and say hello?"

My legs pinch uncomfortably, so I squirm in my seat slightly. "You'll forgive me if I don't immediately trust you. We've just had a run-in with the Volgrim and they nearly wiped us out. But then, you seem to know that already."

Beatrix picks up on my implied question. "Humanity now lives aboard my vessel. It's a massive cloaked warship, with accommodations for up to two-hundred thousand personnel. To get by, we scoop energy from stars, and carefully monitor Volgrim communications to avoid their patrols. Of course, while we were listening two weeks ago, we learned that a fifth of their reserve fleet had been destroyed by a single vessel. After digging a little deeper, we found that the vessel was crewed by only three people, and- well, you get the picture."

Samantha eyes Beatrix cautiously. "Something tells me your interest in us goes a little further than a casual meeting. You want something from us."

The bulky commander leans back in her seat. "One thing I _don't_ want is trouble. I haven't limped this ship around the galaxy for millions of years just to have it destroyed by an act of carelessness. The Sentinel you control is exceedingly dangerous, so I just want to be clear that we mean you no harm. We're not foolish enough to test your patience."

"Give us a moment." Samantha taps a button on her console, disabling the audio and video from the hail. "Jason, what do you think? Should we give her a chance? If this is a trap, we're too weak to fight back."

Many thoughts roil around my mind. "We do have Ionis, if the going gets tough. I don't know what motivates him, but he's protected us once. He might do it again. Even if he won't, this woman could be useful. Since she's a human, I implicitly trust her more than I would a Volgrim, but on the other hand... she's a _human_, so I also know it would be stupid not to question her motivations."

Samantha chuckles, "The Volgrim really put the fear of God into you, huh? Beatrix might have valuable information. I think we should give her a shot, but I don't know if we should bring Ionis along."

"What? Why not? We'll be sitting ducks if we go there and put our lives in their hands!" As I say this, I glance over at Howard, napping in the corner on his fluffy bed. "No offense."

"Perhaps." Samantha says, uncertainty in her gaze, "But then, bringing such a tempting weapon like Ionis into their midst... humans are greedy. Show them a toy, they might get too touchy, and that could result in Ionis killing them. Do you want that?"

"Point taken." A thought occurs to me. "They might be able to help us with something, though. I have an idea."

I tap my console again, and Beatrix's head jerks up when she hears the ping. "I hope your discussion was positive."

"Yes," I say, "but I have a question. As a Hero, my body holds a large amount of magical energy. The same is true for Samantha and Cassiel, who are demon and angel, respectively. Ever since the Volgrim attack, where they bombarded us with anti-energy, my powers have been in flux, and using them is horribly painful. While I can barely walk, Samantha is paralyzed from the waist down, and Cassiel is in a coma. Can you help us out?"

Beatrix licks her lips thoughtfully and responds within a few moments. "Anti-energy poisoning. Rare, but pervasive. I haven't seen many cases of it, since the goal of using anti-energy based weapons is to kill the target, but if you were hit with a medium, wide-spectrum attack, you would probably experience the symptoms you're describing. We do have an advanced medical facility aboard, and if you dock with us, we can alleviate the sickness. Of course, you'd have to trust us, and that might be asking too much."

Samantha narrows her eyes. "I suppose you'll help us for free, out of the goodness of your heart, right?"

Beatrix glares back. "Coming from a demoness, that's cute. Humans are capable of great empathy, I'll have you know. I will say that I should like to speak with you regarding several matters. I don't expect any repayment, but if you are willing to discuss a possible alliance, it will help the both of us out."

My legs tingle again, and I shift them around. "That sounds fine. Just so you know, if you double-cross us, our Sentinel is quite capable of destroying you in an instant."

"Believe me, _Hero_, I know all too well what a Sentinel is capable of."

A moment later, her image cuts out and our viewscreen returns to the space in front of our ship. I turn the ship to face where I scanned her enemy signature, and my eyes shoot open as a colossal capital ship, unlike anything I've ever seen before, decloaks in front of us. The ship is shaped like a giant cucumber, where the rear end is only somewhat thicker than the forward section.

A quick scan tells me the size is even bigger than it appears from a distance. It's fifty miles long, and twenty in diameter, but it's probably as big on the inside as a small country from the Earth I lived in during the past.

I glance over at Samantha and spot her gaping at it, open-mouthed. "I've seen Volgrim spaceships before, and none have ever approached that thing in size. How are they managing to keep it invisible?"

Coordinates for docking with the station appear on my feed, and I chuckle. "Chalk it up to human ingenuity. Somehow, this isn't even the biggest thing humans have envisioned in a purely science-fictional setting, not by a long shot. A Death Star is bigger, if I'm being serious."

"A what?" Samantha looks at me questioningly, but I shrug her gaze off.

"Nothing. It's from a movie. Let's dock and get Cass the treatment she needs."

.................................................

The two men lift up Cassiel by her shoulders and legs, and slide her onto a stretcher beside her bed, one that hovers in the air. For my part, I stand with my back to the wall and watch in relative silence, though a tinge of annoyance passes over my face as one of them is a little too rough with her. "Hey! Watch the wings! If you hurt her, it won't be me you have to worry about, understand?" I jerk a thumb over at Ionis, and both men pause for a few moments as they eye the Sentinel up and down.

Ionis stands perfectly still and watches as they cart her out of the room, and both men keep an eye on Ionis the whole time. The moment they disappear around the corner, he begins to follow them, his heavy metallic feet clanging on the deck with every step, like anvils smashing into pavement.

I put my hand up to stop him. "Where are you going?"

_THE SURVIVAL OF THE ANGEL-TYPE ORGANIC IS THE HIGHEST PRIORITY FOR THE COMMANDER UNIT._

Ionis barely pays attention and shoves me out of the way to follow along behind the two men. Each of them, in turn, sweat profusely as they see the giant murder-bot slowly chasing after them.

"Ionis! Don't kill or injure anyone! Understand?" I sigh as the men hustle to move quicker, and soon the four of them are gone. After Ionis stomps out of sight, I curse under my breath, "Fucking Sentinel. I told Beatrix you'd stay behind."

...

Several minutes later, I slowly limp down the ship's ramp, staring in wonder at the enormous hangar around me. My puny vessel comfortably fits inside the empty hangar bay, where thousands of connectors and spaces show that this capital-ship once housed a large fleet of fighters. Black marks on the walls and torn metal indicate many explosions happened inside this place at one point, likely a whole story unto themselves. The fact the hangar is empty now speaks volumes about how far humanity outside the Labyrinth has fallen.

Beatrix waits at the bottom of the ramp, and as I approach, her gaze doesn't warm. She merely watches as I hobble toward her. "So you're the Hero. I've heard that in the last few years, many things have changed inside the Labyrinth. Are you responsible?"

I reach back and rub a particularly onerous knot in my back. "I've done a bit of this, and a bit of that. Haven't been inside the Labyrinth or in contact with humanity there for a few months, though. I couldn't say what they're up to, if that's what you're wondering."

Beatrix shakes her head and glances past me. Samantha wheels herself down the ramp and stops behind me. "Does this female demon mind that you've disrupted the goings-on of the Labyrinth? A lot of her kind have died, according to the reports."

Samantha grumbles under her breath. "A lot of humans have died too."

"True," Beatrix says nothing else and beckons to the end of the hangar, hundreds of feet away. "What say we get a move on, then? I have a lot to talk with you about, and little time."

"What's the rush?" I glance at her suspiciously. "Are you being chased?"

"It's not that. The thing is, you dealt a hell of a blow to the Volgrim, at a time when the Kolvaxians are at their backs already. We're not going to get a chance like this in a million more years, so we have to be prepared to strike."

_Kolvaxians? What the hell are those?_ I wonder to myself and start to ask, but Samantha interrupts me. "So you just want to use our power to help yourself. That's about what I expected."

"It's a trade, not an order," counters Beatrix, "and trades usually offer something of equal value. Just follow me, I'll explain when we get there."

Beatrix swivels and starts walking away, but before she takes three steps, I cough loudly. "Ah, I have a request. My legs are killing me. Can I get a wheelchair? I can barely walk right now."

Beatrix turns back and stares at me. "My father always told me that pain toughens a man up. But, if you want to take the easy way, suit yourself." She snaps her fingers and calls over one of the hangar personnel to get me a wheelchair.

Minutes later, Beatrix, Samantha, and I begin traveling through the ship to wherever the commander wants to speak to us. Hallways blur together, along with corridors, elevators, and so many small and large rooms that I quickly lose my bearings.

"This is the U.S.S. Terra. It's all we have left." Beatrix gestures to several framed portraits hanging on a random corridor wall just before we step onto yet another elevator. "And these brave women and men were all former admirals who ran this ship, or first officers."

The elevator door hisses open, and Samantha rolls in while I follow after her. Beatrix lingers for a moment to stare at the portraits before getting on with us.

"I take it they were good friends of yours?"

She nods at my question and keys a floor number into the elevator display. "Yes. Have you lost friends and loved ones before?"

The door closes, and the elevator begins to travel up the shaft. Images of many people, including Amelia, King Adams, and Phoebe enter my mind and leave. The one who lingers the longest is Hoarhiim. I haven't heard his voice since he saved my life from the little monstrosity, Amelia.

"Too many. Probably nowhere near as many as you, though."

Beatrix leans against the wall and slips her hands into her jacket pockets. "There were people I considered myself very close to, but I can barely remember their faces anymore. Every day, I worry that we'll be found and surrounded by the forces of the Volgrim. Even if we evade them and were to travel to the opposite end of the galaxy, we'd just be within the reach of the Kolvaxians. Someday, and soon, there won't be any safe places for us to hide in the Milky Way."

_There's that name again._ This time, I decide to prod her. "Forgive my ignorance, but what are Kolvaxians?"

Samantha opens her mouth to reply, but pauses for a moment. "I think they're... a separate Volgrim faction? Aren't the two sides in a civil war?"

Beatrix surprises me by chuckling. "Hah! You're the second in command of the demons? Don't you know anything about the state of the galaxy?"

"Not particularly, no. I didn't give the state of the galaxy much thought." Samantha rolls her eyes. "So what are these Kolfaxi-whatevers?"

The elevator shudders to a stop and Beatrix steps toward the door. It opens right as she's about to smack into it, and she passes through thanks to her eons of experience with its timing. "Kolvaxians. We're almost at the Admiral Lounge. It's just down this hall."

She doesn't answer Sam's question, but a few moments later, we enter the room she's apparently been heading to this whole time. Ten other people are there, and they salute her all at once.

It's a spacious room, probably twenty feet squared, with a ceiling that expands upward into a circular done, and an old-fashioned chandelier to light the area up. Couches sit in a circle facing each other, and most of their seats are already occupied. A bunch of prominent looking women, along with a few men, stare at Samantha's revealing outfit, then at me for a moment, though the men's eyes linger on her much longer.

"Everyone, these are two of the three who were responsible for wiping out the Volgrim reserve fleet in the Terran sector. Please give them the same level of respect that you would give me."

The men and women nod politely but say nothing, as Beatrix plops down on a couch off to the side, where nobody else is sitting. It appears to be 'her' seat.

Samantha and I position ourselves beside each other and skim the faces around us. None of them look familiar to me, and Samantha's blank expression tells me they're all foreign to her as well.

One of the three men speaks up, a large, African-American guy with a thin black beard that goes from the bottom of his lip all the way to the base of his throat. He adjusts his thick-rimmed glasses and squints at me. "I'm Benjamin Brown, current first officer aboard the U.S.S. Terra. And you?"

"Jason Hiro."

"Samantha... Belial?" My cute succubus girlfriend pauses to tap her lip. "You know, I never did come up with a good last name. I suppose it doesn't matter."

Ben shakes his head. "No. It doesn't." He's a pleasant fellow.

Beatrix clears her throat. "About the Kolvaxians. Neither of you knows anything about them, correct?"

Both of us shake our heads, so she continues. "That's too bad. We don't, either. In fact, unless the Volgrim have become experts at dodging our communication taps, it's clear they don't even know much about the Kolvaxians. All we know for certain is that they're a life form that's alien to us even by the most unconventional standards." Beatrix reaches to her side and grabs a digital pad, taps a few buttons, and the center of the room lights up with a hologram of the Milky Way.

"This is our current position, about 500 light-years from the Terran system." A tiny dot appears amidst the beautiful array of stars and solar systems. "This area here represents the Volgrim sphere of control, where darker hues of purple indicate a higher presence, while lighter shades indicate a lower presence." A large chunk of the area around Earth's position and other odd clusters of purple superimpose themselves over the image.

Beatrix looks at me meaningfully. "Now I'll overlay the Kolvaxian area of influence. Tell me if anything stands out to you."

She presses a button, and a dark-green cluster appears right in the center of Volgrim space, then becomes lighter and lighter, but encircles around the rest of the galaxy very faintly. Here and there, slightly darker green patches appear, but none are nearly as dark as the obvious center-point close to the Volgrim's center of power.

I stare at it for a few moments to take it in. "The Kolvaxians are already in the heart of the Volgrim empire? They live throughout most of the galaxy? I'm not sure what I can do with this information without knowing more."

Benjamin Brown leans forward and points at the darkest green spot. "This spot here, curiously, is not just any random location. It's located approximately 14,000 lightyears from Terran space, where Earth was before the Volgrim destroyed our homeworld. To be precise, it's located where the Volgrim's homeworld used to be. Volgarius Prime, that is."

Samantha squints at the image, then looks at me. "Isn't that where we started? Volgarius something-rather?"

I shake my head. "No. Ionis was on Volgarius Alpha, which was apparently their original homeworld. Maybe. I'm a little confused."

When I shoot a questioning glance at Beatrix, she nods. "We've heard rumors of Volgarius Alpha. Never had the time or inclination to look for it though, I suppose. That would be the original homeworld of the Volgrim, during their Great Wars, I suppose you would say. Volgarius Prime was the world they migrated to and lived on for millions of years."

Benjamin's gaze darkens. "Until it was destroyed."

"Mmm, yes," says Beatrix, "and violently at that. Funny thing though, the records are spotty regarding how it was destroyed. I played a major part in its destruction, according to what records we've recovered, and even I don't know the exact details."

"Yeah. Funny," echoes Ben. "Anyway, the important thing is, something destroyed not only their homeworld but also their entire solar system. Three other planets and twenty moons were eradicated, in addition to their star, which was already on the verge of collapse. It suffices to say, whatever destroyed Volgarius Prime did so in the most spectacular fashion and defied the laws of physics."

"The origin point was the planet too, and not the star. We've long since ruled out a supernova." Beatrix flicks her hand around on the pad and brings up a visual re-enactment of Volgarius's destruction. "An object of tremendous mass collided with the planet at a speed approaching or exceeding the speed of light. It-"

Samantha interrupts her. "I don't want to be rude, but what does this have to do with anything?"

Beatrix scowls. "Your kind does hate the practical sciences, after all. At least the Hero is getting the picture, right?"

I shake my head slowly. "I agree with Samantha. I don't understand what this has to do with the Kolvaxians."

"I'll make it quick then," says Ben. "The system was rendered uninhabitable. With the Energy Wars drawing to a close, and the Volgrim's eyes on pacifying humanity, while humanity had our hands full fighting them off, everyone ignored the space where Volgarius Prime had once existed. It took... well, we don't know how long exactly, but at some point, the Volgrim suddenly came under assault by a new enemy. It caught them completely by surprise. They had spent thousands of years rebuilding and terraforming new planets for themselves to exist on, so they wouldn't ever be locked to just a single homeworld ever again, but _two_ of those planets were taken over by the Kolvaxians in a single month's time."

"Oh." I blink slowly, trying to take this in. "So, what, the Kolvaxians randomly appeared in the destroyed Volgarius system? That doesn't make any sense."

Ben nods and raises his eyebrows. "That's what the Volgrim thought. It took them thousands of years to figure out where the increasingly numerous Kolvaxians were coming from. It turned out that a hole had been torn in subspace. Wherever the Kolvaxians were coming from, it wasn't our galaxy... or our universe."

Even Samantha seems to finally understand. "So the Kolvaxians are from another universe? How? Why?"

Beatrix reaches for a cup of tea on the table beside her, while she sets her datapad down in the same motion. "We don't have all the answers. We barely know anything about the Kolvaxians in the first place. We've encountered their ships only on a few occasions, and nobody survived to tell the tale. As far as we're concerned, they are ten times the threat the Volgrim are, though both are our enemies. What little we do know indicate they're a sort of... they're like a..." She trails off, unable to find the right words.

Benjamin fills in for her. "The Volgrim have captured live specimens on just two occasions. Both captives killed themselves within seconds and dissolved into dust. The little we know of them indicate they're somewhat like a plant-based species; meaning they consume and convert organic and inorganic matter to their species."

"I don't follow," I say, bluntly. "They consume things? How does that work?"

"We don't know. All we know is that whenever they defeated our other ships, those ships and their unique technology began appearing among the Kolvaxian fleets. They assimilate knowledge and craftsmanship and add it to their knowledge. If only we'd known it sooner, we wouldn't have-" Ben pauses, and his voice catches in his throat as he bows his head. Wringing his hands together, a scowl appears on his face. "It won't do us any good to reminisce about the past."

Beatrix forces a smile, but it's fake-looking and gaudy compared with her professional demeanor. "We're at our wit's end. I don't want to ally with the Volgrim, but if things keep going the way they have, we'll have no space safe for us to live anymore. The Kolvaxians have infested much of the galaxy, and their numbers will only continue to grow, especially after you dealt a major blow to the Volgrim two weeks ago. On the other hand, I hate the Volgrim and everything they stand for. We're going to be screwed by one or the other if things keep up the way they have been."

Samantha doesn't smile back. "So what do you want exactly? If we eliminate the Kolvaxians, the Volgrim will take over the galaxy, and vice-versa if we eliminate the Volgrim. Even if we kill both of them-" Sam pauses to glare at me, "-that would be genocide on an unthinkable scale. Don't you _agree_, love?"

Her glare makes me squirm more than I've already been thanks to my leg cramps. "Uh, um, yeah. I'm trying to get away from the whole genocide thing. Cassiel wouldn't like it either."

"Cassiel..." Samantha trails off and turns back to Beatrix. "Before we consider anything, I should tell you that we're a three-man group, so to speak. Even if Hero and I were okay with genocide, which we're decidedly not, Cassiel carries an equal amount of weight in our decision making. Since she's in a coma, I guess you'd better get to curing her if you want a quick response."

The others in the room keep quiet for a few moments. Finally, a different officer seizes the opportunity to speak. "If you don't help us, I hope you understand the consequences and what will happen."

I immediately turn to glare at him. Messy black hair, with a neatly tailored tan suit, he stands out from the others somewhat. "Is that a threat?"

"Not at all, Hero. If you don't assist us, and you leave us to fend for ourselves, the Kolvaxians will likely win the war. If they don't, the Volgrim might, but that possibility grows less likely every day. I can assure you, as bad as the Volgrim are, they're nothing compared to the Kolvaxians. All life will be extinguished if those monsters take over the galaxy. You won't be safe; nobody will."

An ominous warning. I hear those a lot, lately. "Like Samantha said, we'll think about it. Cassiel's input is mandatory though, so until she wakes up, our hands are tied."

"At least the man knows his place," mutters Beatrix under her breath. "We'll get to work quickly, then. In the meantime, I'll have someone escort you to the angel's medical bay. We need to get the anti-energy out of your body, or you won't be able to help us, even if you decide you want to."

_I haven't made up my mind yet_, I want to say, but don't. Samantha and I instead nod politely at the crew members in the room before turning around and wheeling away. Before we leave, a young man, possibly twenty-years old (though looks can be deceiving), appears in front of us.

"Hello! I'm Thomas! I'm here to show you to the medical bay! It's several miles away, so you'll probably be pretty tired when we get there!"

He doesn't wait for us to respond, and immediately begins walking away down the hallway. Samantha smiles cutely at me. "He looks yummy."

"Down, girl. You can't pounce on every piece of young flesh you see."

She looks forward and starts rolling after the young man. "I'm just teasing, love. You need to work on that stress level."

My stomach is in knots, though it's not because of anything she's talking about. "Hey, do you think they can heal Cassiel? Us too, for that matter? They aren't just manipulating us, are they?" I scoot a little faster to catch up to Sam, falling in place beside her as Thomas whistles merrily to himself a few dozen feet in front of us.

"I don't see why Beatrix would lie. It makes sense that she'd want a Hero to help her. After hearing that we defeated the Volgrim ships, it's in her best interest to get on our good side. I'm pretty good at reading people, and I didn't sense any lies coming from her aura."

"Her aura?"

"Mhm." Samantha licks her lips slowly, almost seductively. "All living creatures have an aura. From what I know of angels, they can see auras perfectly along with 'spirit trails.' Demons can't do that, but we can sorta sense the 'color' of a creature or person's aura based on their emotions. Since you have Wordsmithing, you could probably do something similar, if you figured out how to cast the spell properly on yourself."

"Huh, interesting."

...

Minutes turn into a half hour, and we eventually arrive in yet another sterile hallway, similar to those I've seen in hospitals on Earth. As if to confirm my thoughts, Thomas glances back at us. "We're almost there! It's at the end of the hall on the right."

When he turns away, I nudge Samantha with my elbow while we wheel forward. "Hey. Do you remember the man in the crystal back on Voldarius?"

She looks at me quizzically. "You mean Pickle?"

I try to contain my disgust. "Yes. Him."

"What about him? Why bring him up now?"

Her question gives me pause. "Well, it's just- you mentioned auras earlier. You can see my aura, right?"

"Yep. It's fairly nervous-looking right now, too."

"So..." I pause, "...what about Pickle? Did he have an aura similar to mine?"

She shakes her head. "No. He was dead. The dead have no aura. Their soul is gone. Is something bothering you about him?"

_I might as well just say it,_ I say to myself. "I think I'm a clone. Pickle was the original."

Samantha slows to a stop, and I do the same. "Why do you think that?"

"Because it makes sense. Someone was alive and did so many crazy things, including creating a fake planet for Dosena to live on. Think about what Beatrix said, too. She and the rest of humanity have memory holes, just like the Voldarians do. The holes she described take place in a similar time-frame to the time the Voldarian planetoid was created. This 'Pickle' guy, or rather, the Jason before me, he must have had a terrible disease or something- or maybe he made a clone and sealed me up in cryostasis so I could return at a later date. It explains how my cryopod ended up randomly inside the Labyrinth."

Samantha is unconvinced. "So why did he erase memories of his deeds?"

"That's simple, he didn't want people to know of his plan to return. By sealing me away and erasing people's memories, he ensured that the galaxy would... would stabilize... or something. I don't know. I don't have all the answers."

"Hmm." Samantha stares at me seriously. "I don't see the link, love. I can see reasons he would and wouldn't erase memories of his deeds, but I find it hard to believe you're a clone. Maybe you're overthinking this. He might be your clone, or something."

"Yeah. Maybe." I glance away, guiltily. _Pushing this on her was wrong. I'll have to think about this and fit the puzzle pieces together on my own._ "Forget it. I'm just being dumb."

Involuntarily, I flinch, as she puts her hand on mine. "Don't say things like that. If you want to talk, Cass and I are here for you. You have the weight of humanity's future, the demons, the angels, and even the Volgrim's on your shoulders. No man can bear a burden like that all on his own. It will break your mind."

She leans over and pecks me on the cheek, before quickly scooting ahead, her face red with embarrassment. _Samantha is really just adorable when she's being awkward_, I think to myself.

When I wheel after her, I spot Thomas standing in front of a doorway, a look of annoyance on his face, like he wants to say something about us making him wait, but can't, lest Beatrix rag on him for an hour. "Glad you guys could _finally_ make it! This is the medical bay, and the staff here will help you out!"

Once again, he doesn't wait for a response before hurriedly pushing past us and leaving without saying goodbye. _Such bad manners that kid has_.

When we enter the room, dozens of hospital beds are lined up, curtains blocking off each one from the other. Most of the beds are empty, with a person here or there, but Cassiel's is right up front, in the 'VIP' section. Her chest rises and falls evenly, and a strange circular machine is positioned above her head, like a dish-antenna beaming signals into her brain. Ionis stands in the rear of the room, his single eye staring silently forward at us as we approach, though he makes no attempt to greet us.

A woman walks over to us and smiles. "You must be Belial and Jason. My name is Doctor Beverly Cruz, and I'm the head of the medical division here." Her curly auburn hair falls down lightly on her shoulders, and her appearance - that of a sweet mother caring for her children, fits perfectly with the image of a medical officer.

Beverly shakes Samantha's hand first, then mine, but she pauses to stare at me for a few moments. "You... you look familiar. Have we met before, young man?"

I pull away from her grasp and scratch the back of my head. "Haha, I don't think so. You might have me confused with someone else."

Her smile fades, ever so slightly. A wistful look appears as she stares at me silently for a few moments. "Yes... someone else. That's- that's probably it." She blinks and smiles again, but a hint of sadness is still in her eyes. "I'm just an old woman, don't mind me. In any case, your friend is over here, so why not have a look?"

As she turns away, I glance at Samantha and mouth silently at her, _isn't she acting a little strange?_ Samantha merely nods and rolls over to Cassiel.

"Wark wark." From behind the bed, Howard waddles out, flapping his wings slightly as he looks at Samantha. In his bill is a syringe filled with liquid. Beverly spots it and grumbles to herself, "Oh, you naughty little animal! Where do you keep finding these random things?" She jerks down with a movement I wouldn't expect and nabs the syringe from him, to which he protests with several rapid _warks_.

Beverly glances at a label on the side. "Heavens! This is filled with Neohydroxidine! Quite deadly! We're fortunate he didn't poke himself, or he'd be a dead duck!" She quickly pushes past us and hides the syringe in a cabinet where Howard can't reach it.

Samantha snickers. "Maybe he's trying to kill us, Hero. You better watch out."

"Oh, don't be silly, Sam. He's just a duck." I reach down and give him a gentle pat on the head, but he waddles away from me and hops up onto Cassiel's body and sits on her stomach, staring at me the whole time.

"Yeah," echoes Samantha, "He's just a duck."