Part 383a - Departure, Return

It happens instantly. One moment, my hands are on Amelia's shoulders as she leans away from me. The next, she's gone. I blink to make sure I didn't just hallucinate, and the sickening sound of a fist impacting bone blasts off to my right.

By the time I lift my head to follow the source of the sound, there's nothing there.

"Huh?"

I stare dumbly at the spot where I _know_ Satan was just standing, but the only thing there now is a very deep hole that Leviathan blasted him into.

A dumb question enters my mind. _Gosh, I wonder how big this 'planet' is that we're on? That hole sure looks like it goes for a few miles!_

Only when I look a little into the distance, do I finally realize what's going on. Amelia is fighting Satan.

No. It's not a fight. She's hammering him with a force unlike anything I've ever seen before.

"Bring him back." I hear her speak calmly even as she grabs the Devil by his neck and smashes him in the gut several times in the blink of an eye. "Bring him back."

The calm in her voice is completely out of place with the rage evident in her movements. How is she so calm? It's terrifying.

Blood rushes to escape Satan's body, erupting from his nose and mouth at the same time. Didn't he wordsmith himself to be invincible? I couldn't even hurt him before. How is Amelia tearing him apart so easily?

He wheezes out a weak cry of pain and tries to hold up a hand to stop her, maybe even just slow her down, but she lightly tosses him forward and punches his arm so hard it instantly dislocates and wraps around behind his back, slapping his other arm uselessly. His eyes shoot open, but no sound comes out.

Another minute passes as she blasts him with punches containing so much power that my body clenches over and over again. Finally, I can't watch anymore.

"Amelia! Stop!" I teleport over to her and grab her arm as she rears back for another punch, only for her fist to continue moving forwards, which hurls me past Satan and smashes me into the ground behind him.

I tried to grab her arm, but her strength was so overwhelming that it's like I wasn't even there. As I thought, Leviathan must not have just revived her but also sealed his energy inside of her. After the minimal display of force that the dragon showed, I have no doubt that she's unbelievably powerful now.

But... to overcome the power of invincibility? This is something else. What is this energy that subtly radiates from her body?

I pull myself up and wince as she delivers another flurry of punches to the Demon. He isn't resisting at all anymore, but merely sagging in her grasp. I don't think he's even coherent anymore.

"Amelia! You can't do this! Levvy wouldn't want you to do this!"

Her fist freezes in midair as she holds the demon in front of her for a few moments. "Levvy isn't here anymore. Satan killed him. Satan needs to die."

Despite her perfectly normal tone of voice and the calm way she's speaking, I get a dark feeling that she's far from sane right now.

"I understand. Please... put him down. For me. No matter how hard you hit him, and whether you kill him or don't... it won't bring Levvy back."

Amelia continues to stare at the demon in her grasp for several long seconds, before she finally drops him on the ground. "Jason... you were right. I was wrong. The future can't be changed. There's no point fighting it anymore. I'm going to become a monster and eat people again. I'm going to kill Satan. The demons will end up ruling the universe, despite your best efforts. No matter what you do, the universe will force you down the path it wants."

I slowly walk up to her and gently put my hand on her shoulder. "You heard Satan though. He believes the universe is not set in stone. He believes things can be different. You don't have to do bad things. You can stay a good person... stay at my side. I love you, Amelia. You love me, right?"

"Do I?" Finally she looks at me, but her eyes are hollow. They aren't the eyes I used to dream about every night. "I don't feel like the same person anymore, Jason. I hunger again. I hunger in a way I've never felt before. There's something in my head, speaking to me, and it isn't Levvy. It's dark. It's sinister. And right now, it's only telling me one thing."

She doesn't continue, and I take my hand off her shoulder. "What's that?"

"It's telling me to kill Satan. Kill the humans, and the demons. It even says... to kill _you_." Finally, there's a crack in the calmness and a tear rolls down her face. "I don't want to, though. I don't want to be a bad girl."

Before I can say anything, a voice gurgles at our feet. Satan finally gathers enough strength to speak, though it's hardly even a hoarse whisper. "I wasn't wrong... idiots. I will... win. Even if you kill me, I win. Do what you must... you will tremble in... terror..."

Amelia never once looks at him as she wipes at her eye. "Listen to him speak, Jason. Demons are evil. They should be eradicated. Humans are also evil. We shouldn't exist. If the Volgrim hadn't destroyed Earth, we would have choked it with pollution and waste."

Finally, I've had enough and I glare at her. "Amelia, that's no way to talk. You can't fall to pieces on me just because Leviathan is gone. There might be a way to bring him back, just as he brought you back. Even if there isn't a way... even if he can't come back... would he want to see you like this?"

Amelia presses her hand to her chest. "I can feel remnants of his spirit, Jason. I know him better than you ever will. If he didn't have to worry about saving his energy to bring me back, he would have killed Satan. Don't lecture me about what my best friend would think." She tilts her head back slightly to look at a familiar corpse. "I'm not trying to tell you what Sensei would ask of you, after all."

I open my mouth to respond, but in a flash, a bolt of energy shoots out from Amelia's spare hand, grabs Satan by his face, and yanks him straight into her palm.

"I'll make the Devil my slave forever. He won't be able to hurt anyone else after that, and I won't even actually kill him. How about that, Jason? I can show mercy even when filth doesn't deserve it."

_Filth?_

Amelia never talks like this. She's different now.

I see what's going on here. If she takes control of him now, then she'll be able to pull him out to fight against me in the future. I'm writing my own past.

I'm not going to let it happen like this.

_Pause._

I thoughtsmith and time freezes around me. This isn't like when I accelerate myself and slow down time, I'm not enhanced even slightly. I can't move, but neither can she.

It gives me time to think, though.

I can't feel emotion anymore. Too many have died. I've become desensitized to it. Sensei had his head crushed, Amelia was killed in my arms, and now Satan is going to die. Worse, I lack the power to save the one I least want to save. If it weren't for repeating the future, I couldn't give two shits if Satan dies or not.

Is it wrong for me to let the future repeat? Everything worked out pretty good, right up until Hope took over my body. What if I let the future play out, but I stay in the shadows to influence things? I'm immortal, and at this point, I'm ready to live for an eternity if that's what it takes.

But there are disadvantages. If I stay alive that long, will I even remember my original goal? If I thoughtsmith 'remember' constantly, I probably will... but 100 million years is a ridiculously long time. Humans have only been around for 40,000 years at most. I can barely even comprehend a number like one hundred million.

And if the future does change? I guess that means I did something right.

It's settled, then. I'll just let the future proceed. Stopping it seems impossible and shifting it seems unlikely. Best to just let the universe take its course.

Somehow, this feels like the wrong choice, but I'm tired of fighting it.

_Normalize._

Time returns to normal and I turn to Amelia to speak, but she suddenly jerks her head over to look at me. "Did you just thoughtsmith? Time slowed down. I felt it."

I never got to tell her about thoughtsmithing, but Satan did mention it just before he killed her. Maybe that's how she knows about it.

"I just needed a moment to think."

Suspicion fills her eyes. "You tried to change my mind, didn't you? You thought you could just make me do what you wanted me to with your powers! I can't believe you!"

"What? No! Where is this coming from? I've never used my powers on you!"

She fully turns to look at me and gnashes her teeth. "You do it every night before bed! You give me energy from the children on Mars!"

"Amelia... come on, that's not the same. I do that for your own good."

She looks aghast. "My own good?! Is that how you justify it? If that makes it okay, then trying to make me not kill Satan is also for my own good too, huh?"

Where the hell is this outburst coming from? She's acting completely irrational all of a sudden. "That's not what I meant and you know it. Stop playing semantics."

I can practically see steam pour out of her nostrils as she fumes. "Fine! If you want me to stop playing around, I will."

I don't get a moment to ask what she means. With one swift movement, she hoists Satan up in the air, still holding him by his face. "This is for Levvy, you demon fucker!"

Nothing happens for a moment, then there is a sudden high pitched squeal as Satan's body roars to life and flails his limbs around wildly. "Let go! You bitch! AHHH! LET ME GO! LET GO!" I watch in horror as the energy is sucked from his body up and out of his face, into her hand. Even as he screams and begs for help, she only begins to smile widely and licks her lips.

Within seconds, his body goes limp and his skin sags. She tosses him to the ground and sighs deeply. "I've... been wanting to do that for two thousand years."

I simply stare, shocked, at his corpse. "You killed him."

"Oh come on, Jason! I've killed tens of thousands of humans and demons over the years, often in the most brutal torturous ways possible! I gave him the pleasure of a quick death, and now he's bound to me forever!"

An uncomfortable silence fills the air. Amelia is the one to speak first. "It's over between us."

The sudden statement floors me. "What? Why?"

"I can't look at you the same anymore. I remember the talk we had, not long ago. You told me there was an orb that housed a being that was eerily similar to Levvy. I wanna find out if it exists, since this is the same timeline as the one you came from."

I can only stare dumbly at her before my eyes drift down to Satan's corpse. "What happened, Amelia? You're different. Leviathan warned that if his power was unleashed on you, your mind would snap. Is that what happened?"

She sneers at me, a gross expression I could never have pictured on her beautiful face. "My mind has indeed changed, but now I see the truth. You never really cared for me. You just wanted to make sure I was your pet project, your final tool to prevent the future from happening. In the end, you tried to betray my needs in order to fulfill your own desires. As long as I let Satan live, that future couldn't happen."

She gestures at the landscape around us. "Take a look! You failed! It's happening! I'm sorry to disappoint you, Jason. I really am. But in the end I understand now that you just used me. You never really cared."

Her words sting, but more than that, they piss me off. I reach forwards and slap her as hard as I can. It's a brutal gesture, one that would kill a normal human girl. For Amelia, it barely even tilts her head, as I knew it would. "Snap out of it! You're full of shit! I do love you, and I don't care if you love me back! I didn't go through all those trials with you just to have you leave me in the end! We have to stick TOGETHER!"

She reaches up and rubs the side of her face. "Do we? I had the man of my dreams already, and he's gone now. He's gone because I was a selfish child. I wanted to have it all, but now I realize I lost the thing I cared about most in the world."

I feel my lip trembling. Tears are starting to form. Why did it have to come to this?

"I did as well, Amelia. I'm losing you."

Both of us stare into each other's eyes for a few long moments. Through a fleeting glance, I almost feel like her eyes soften towards me. They harden again a moment later. "If you really loved me, Jason, then use your time travel. Do it all over again, but don't screw up this time. They say love will always find a way, so if that's true... I'm going to find a way to bring back Levvy." She tilts her head to stare at Satan's corpse before giving it a hard kick.

Time travel... huh? Yeah... maybe. Maybe not. Time travel sucks. I hate it. If I have to feel this way in the end, it wasn't worth it.

No. That's not true.

I reach over and touch Amelia's face, the spot where I hit her. She doesn't pull away. "Better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all. If you are going your own way, I'll go mine. As long as it makes you happy."

To my surprise, she reaches up to hold my hand, pressing it against her face. "It's not that I hate you, Jason. Really. I've just realized... I care more about..."

"I understand. You don't need to explain, Amelia. If you ever want help, you know where to find me." I reach over and pull her close, hugging her long and tenderly. This time she reciprocates, and I can finally feel some hesitation in her body. As I have that thought, she eases away and takes a couple steps back.

I just... can't understand women sometimes.

"Don't be a stranger, Jason." Amelia smiles weakly at me, looks away, then makes a small motion with her hands. A moment later, she vanishes.

I don't know if I'll ever see her again.

There's a small bit of movement to my side, and I suddenly remember it wasn't just Amelia and I up here. Marie is here too.

"So heartwarming. I think I'm going to fucking vomit." Marie stares at me, disgust spread all over her face. "So what's next? You gonna kill me, like she killed Satan?"

"No." I don't even hesitate. "There's been enough death today. I have... one last thing to take care of... and it's going to be hard to do."

A look of realization appears in her eyes. "The Sentinels."

"Yeah. Now I know what I have to do to put an end to them. Satan gave me the key, ironically enough. I just had to realize it."

Marie lowers her eyes to his body. "Satan, huh... he died so... unceremoniously. For a godlike being, he was absolutely crushed by that woman. Was the dragon really that strong? How does your power compare to Amelia's right now?"

I lick my lips slowly. "It doesn't. I don't think I could defeat her as she is. And... the fact someone could beat her in the future I came from is... ludicrous."

A name appears in my mind. _Joan._

She was a legend in the time I came from, spoken of in fearful whispers by demons and humans alike. If I am godlike, what is she? In order to defeat Amelia, Joan must have been a woman of far greater character than I.

Aren't I supposed to be the last Hero to have been born? How does Joan arrive to fight Amelia? Can I prevent it? Should I?

Maybe it doesn't even matter. Perhaps if I get in the middle, I'll be killed.

It's not like I'm afraid of dying. I have nothing left to lose besides my own life.

Marie stares at me as she lights another cigarette. "If you're not going to kill me, then I'd best be going. A woman's work is never done."

"We're not friends, or allies, Marie. You should retire from villainy, or the next time I see you, I won't be so lenient."

"I wouldn't have it any other way. I think you'll find there's more than one woman in this universe who can kick your ass." Marie turns around to walk away, but I stop her.

"Wait. Hold a moment. Satan spoke of other universes. What do you know about them?"

Marie keeps her back turned to me, but I get the distinct impression she's gone pale in the face. Her breathing becomes labored. "Nothing of interest, Jason. Some questions are better left unanswered. Let's just say I'm glad that despite your genocidal tendencies, you're a good guy in this universe. It's... it's not always the case."

She's being cryptic. I open my mouth to ask another question, but her hand quickly reaches down and slaps a button on her belt. "Uh, toodles!"

_Bam._ She vanishes in an instant flash of light.

Teleportation, huh? She always has an escape planned out. She's probably being very careful after the manner in which I killed her original... or clone... or whatever.

I teleport a few miles back to where Sensei's body is. Carefully, I pick him up, grimacing at his headless corpse. I try to heal him, but I can't make the body look serviceable. The other clones will have to deal with this.

_Return._

...................................................

I arrive back in Heaven, just in front of the Mothership as it rests on the blue grass. Immediately, I feel as though something is wrong. Something is very wrong indeed.

A woman sees me and approaches slowly, hesitantly. "You... you're the original, right? The one who created the... the clones?"

I don't recognize her at all. "Yes. I'm Jason Hiro. Who are you?"

She doesn't smile at all. In fact, she looks like she's on the verge of bursting into tears. "My name is... it's Beverly Cruz. I'm the chief medical officer aboard the U.S.S. Stonewall. We were on a trip to locate the planet Revival..."

I stop her there. "Right. Hawkeye's mission. What's wrong?"

At the mention of his name, tears start flooding from her eyes. "You don't know? You don't know?! Oh god... it was awful... all the clones, they started falling over. They collapsed. I've never seen anything like it, in all my time as a doctor. They're all dead. All of them... even Hawkeye."

The news shakes me to my core. She glances down and realizes I'm carrying a headless body. "That- that body... it's..."

"A clone. A clone of mine. It's a clone of mine." My mouth opens and closes, and words come out, but I can't quite make out what I'm saying.

Slowly, I put Sensei's body on the ground and rise up.

_Locate. Locate. Locate._

I aim my mind at the most memorable clones I can think of, and every time, I receive a blank in response. None of them are alive. Jesus Christ. They're all dead? How?!

Then it dawns on me. _Satan._

He did this. That cowardly... son of a bitch! THAT SON OF A BITCH!

He must have used exterminate, or genocide, or something else like that, and killed all of my clones at once. Perhaps he didn't kill me because he couldn't... or maybe this was what he meant. He said he would win no matter what...

That... bastard. I can't... this isn't happening...

I fall to my knees and feel a weakness flow in my blood like never before. I don't want to stand. I want Amelia. I want my friends back. I want to go back to simpler days. I don't want to be a hero anymore. I'm not strong... I'm weak. I can't take it anymore.

Even as I wallow in self pity, there's a sound at the top of the ramp. I slowly raise my head to see an angel hurrying down, her eyes locked on me. "Jason! Jason! Oh god, where have you been?"

"Helen? What's wrong?" I suddenly remember I have to tell her about what happened with Amelia. She's not going to like this.

"It's Harold! He hasn't responded to me for over an hour! I can usually communicate with him with my mind, but now he won't answer and he's locked the door to his room!"

She's on the verge of panicking. I am too.

I put my hand on her shoulder. "Let's go see him together, then."

Not Harold. Not Harold. Please, Satan, please don't be this cruel. Helen is an old woman. She can't take losing her husband a second time.

We teleport inside immediately, and arrive in Harold's container room. All the lights are off, except for the light produced by his orb.

"Harold? Harold?!" Helen shrieks at the orb, but I pull her down, even as I get a mouthful of her feathered wings beating in my face in protest.

I push past her and place my hand on the orb.

Nothing. My heart is pounding fast. Where the hell is Harold?

Finally, a voice bubbles up, as if speaking from under the surface of a lake.

_Who are you? Where am I?_

This... this voice. It's familiar... yet alien. I've heard this voice before, long ago.

"H-Hoarhiim?"