Part 172

Satan quietly paced in front of his remaining few hundred minions and generals. Counting the ones he had left behind to guard the main fortress (who would inevitably be useless against anything but a small skirmish force of humans), he had far less than a thousand demons left. Luckily, the ones that remained were his most powerful generals.

_We can easily replace the weaklings and poorly evolved ones over time. It's the advanced ones with high intelligence I'd hate to lose._ Satan felt his eyes glaze over as he looked at all the remaining demons under his control.

"Let's get to it." Satan sat down on the floor, his back to the entrance of the fortress, as his other minions and generals sat facing him. "I have decided that we have two ways to proceed, and I need input on what you all think would be the best approach."

Diablo and the others nodded. "My lord, if it is your order, we will follow it no matter what."

"Good. So here is the first plan; we can simply hide underground, amassing forces for a very long time, and letting the humans evolve as they please. Over time, the humans will likely become indifferent towards demons, due to the humans' poor memory and short lifespans, and as they forget about us, they will focus on the angels above them. However, if we let humans kill the angels off, that would likely mean the humans are highly advanced and will be a major threat to us."

The lord of demons took a sip of some leftover blood wine from the pantries before he continued. "The second plan works like this; we still go into hiding, popping out occasionally to terrorize the humans, but only in small groups. Give the humans a threat to worry about, make them advance quickly so they can take out the archangels and gods themselves, but also try and keep the humans thinned out where possible so we still have the advantage in numbers."

Belial lazily flicked her eyes back and forth. "It seems a sound plan either way. However, the first idea seems very... _boring_. I love ripping human men limb from limb, after I have a bit of fun with them, you know?"

As he bobbed his head from side to side, Diablo nodded. "I believe the angels will be forced to go into hiding. They will likely close the Gate to Heaven at some point, likely very soon, so that their holy ground cannot be invaded."

"I agree." Barbatos chimed in. "The angels will be no threat to us for a long while, and if we hide underground, they will have no way to kill us. Our biggest advantage is that they hopefully think they've killed our commander off, so they may underestimate our remaining power."

As he listened to their thoughts, another idea popped in to Satan's mind. "You know... the angels and gods have their own domain, so why don't we try and find a way to make our own?"

Most of the other demons, sans Belial, seemed confused. "What do you mean? Is burrowing deep into the Earth and taking control of the underground not exactly that?" Bael spoke up for the first time.

"No, I'm talking about creating an entirely new 'space' outside of Earth. I do not know how the angels and gods did it, but..." Satan paused as a certain being entered his mind. "...I think I know of one who might have the power to help us create such a place."

Barbatos looked past his leader, at the outside world. "So it appears to be settled, then. We will, on occasion, exit the underground to terrorize the humans, but for the most part we will focus on increasing our numbers exponentially, and building a whole new space for our people outside Earth. Is that the gist of it?"

Satan nodded as he grinned. "Yes. We have suffered much. Even if it takes a thousand years, ten thousand years, or a million years.... we will win this war by way of attrition. Unlike our two enemies, time is on our side. We can afford to be patient and wait, but they cannot."

The demons cheered and whooped and hollered as they got up and went their own ways, to grab whatever they needed before they began burrowing into the Earth to create their new space.

As for their new space... it would later become known to humans, angels, and gods as _Hell_.