Part 195:

"This can't be Earth. Wasn't it destroyed by the Volgrim?" I eyed her with suspicion.

She returned the look. "Who told you that? I mean, yes, all life on Earth was eradicated, but even with all trees, plants, bugs, and microbes gone, we rebuilt. I'm not saying you can go for a jog on the surface, as you will most certainly _die_, but the actual planet is still here."

Hmm. This is so weird. I must have misunderstood what OMEN was talking about. "Yeah, I must have heard wrong, then. It's good to see the planet is still here."

"Yeah... it's just great. Wonderful..." Marie muttered to herself as she walked along. "Glad to see you're always the optimist."

As we walked along, a question came to my mind. "Marie, this is an odd question for me to ask, but I must ask. Why do you and the humans here seem to hate the use of spiritual energy so much?"

She shrugged slightly as we rounded a corner heading down a hall that felt like it sloped downwards. "We don't hate magic, and we don't hate the use of spiritual energy. However, humans, aside from heroes, cannot use it at all. And since only demons and angels can, we put dampening or neutralization fields up to protect ourselves."

A slight grin appeared on her face. "It's still a mystery who the first emperor of hell is, but I suspect that even if he or she were to come here, they'd be easily killed if they tried to launch an attack."

"Do humans really possess that kind of power? The ability to kill emperors, and kings of the demons?" I stared ahead of us, as the blue lights of the higher levels turned to a softer yellow-green glow the further down we went.

"Easily. To be blunt, the demons and angels had no chance of defeating us in the Energy Wars. Once humanity learned how to dampen and eventually neutralize the use of spiritual energy, with a few humans even learning how to invert it and make those who used it collapse in agony or even implode on themselves, we were unstoppable."

"Then... what defeated us? How could we have possibly lost the war?"

She smiled wryly. "We lost due to three reasons. Pride, Treachery, and someone else we fought had _better_ technology. Far better. _The Volgrim._ " Finally we arrived at a large door, almost twelve feet in height. "This is the room, this is where all your questions will be answered."

As we entered, I marveled at how many computer panels were here, as well as huge towering boxes that presumably held circuitry and other things.

" _Hello, human._ "

A voice in the room spoke as I unnervingly felt a gaze sweeping over me. The voice was... decidedly robotic, but female sounding at the same time. At the back end of the room, a digitized female face appeared to hover over the ground, but the face was colored white and black, apparently a simple digital representation of a featureless face.

"Uh, hello. Who are you? Or rather... what are you?" I eyed the face up and down as I tried to figure out what exactly I was looking at.

" _I am the Unified Management Interface. I run this complex and make sure everything is progressing smoothly inside the labyrinth. You may call me UMI, however._ "

"Uh, alright then. Hello, UMI. So, you're like an AI, correct?" Best to start off with the obvious questions.

" _Affirmative. I am the first -and the last- Artificial Intelligence to have ever been created. Everything runs smoothly as a result of my efforts._ "

This confirms it. I'm definitely in the future.
