Part 146

My eyes are drooping, now that I've spent more than 8 hours summoning things all day, not to mention all the insane concentration and reliance on the Crown that I've been doing lately.

I sighed, as I drooped back into my easy chair. I'm back at home now, and I am... _tired_.

Cassiel walks in the door, having gone out to get some food. I told her it wasn't necessary, but she ignored me. She goes over to the wood-stove I had created many years ago, and starts making... eggs? And bacon? Silly woman, that's for breakfast... not that I can complain, as it's a hell of a lot better than... chi-... chiii-... chicken... ugh, the word makes me want to throw up, just thinking about it.

"So... we're going into the labyrinth and leaving this place behind then?" She speaks while her back and wings face me as she cooks.

"Yes. I've given humanity what it needs. They will at the least be able to hold their own. But finally, for now, I need to return to my original goals. I need to solve the mysteries of this accursed labyrinth."

She nods quietly. "I suppose so. Won't you miss... the people here?"

Will I? Of course. I'm not doing this because I hate humanity. I'm doing this because, in the end, I want to save them. Beyond them just being my species, after ten years, I've grown attached to this place. After ten years, I've made friends that will be with me for the rest of my life... even if they pass on.

"Yes. But I have to complete my goal. I traveled here in a device that allowed me to skip the passage of time instantly. I have no idea what happened during that time period, but whatever it was, it was serious. In fact, the most baffling thing to me is how my pod went from being on Earth to ending up in this maze that spans the dimensions. That couldn't have been accidental. Someone or... something... must have put me there." I gazed out the window at the darkening nighttime. This was... almost a normal reality. Living on this planet... why not just live here forever? I'm immortal now, I can train, get stronger, live a good life...

But it would be empty. It would be like playing an hour of a fantastic videogame and then deciding to spend the next 99 in a safe village. Life is risk, and you need risk to call yourself alive.

...

After she had finished the, err, bacon and eggs, we sat down to eat a dinner before bed. _Bed_. My thoughts drifted back to last night. I'm dog tired but, I mean, why not, right? I guess I could just, uh, reinvigorate myself temporarily or something.

I do however genuinely need to sleep in order to recover my spiritual and thought energy. For some reason, if I don't enter REM sleep, my body will not refuel itself naturally. Naps don't do it, and I can't cheat by casting a spell to give myself more thought energy. But why sleep? Why is sleep the only way I can recover it?

As I eat, I glance up and notice that Cassiel is finished, and she's leaning on her hand, staring at me. She's very beautiful, and staring her right in the face always catches me a little off guard.

"W-what is it? Do I have something on my face?" Hell yeah, just try the simple approach.

Cassiel turned away and stared at the floor. "Um, actually, I had a request to make of you, but I didn't... know how to ask..."

I almost choked on my food. _Oh boy, here it comes._

She blushed a little as she looked back at me. "Can... you, um... you and I... can we..."

I could almost feel the tips of my ears turning red. Yeah? Yeah?! What are the two of us going to do?!

"...Can you train me to be a strong fighter?"

...

I feel fucking foolish. Ah, that's what she was getting at. My mind was in the gutter. "Yeah, what do you want to learn?"

"Well, I may be just a boring old reborn human, but I do possess angelic powers. Maybe you could teach me how to be useful in battle. It'd be a shame if we went into the labyrinth together and you did all the fighting... I'd hate to leave it all to you... even if you can easily handle it, I guess."

I nodded slowly. "Yes, but... you know, what might be more useful... offensively, you're not going to be very strong, or fast, but I suppose you'd make for a great support unit. You could heal me if I was hurt, maybe buff me when needed, cast status ailments on the enemy, etc."

She looked confused. "Status ailments? What are those?"

I shrugged. "It's like uh, putting them to sleep, blinding them, stuff like that."

Cassiel nodded. "Okay! That sounds better than nothing! Are we going to start soon then?"

I glanced at the analog clock on the wall. This world has a 36 hour time cycle, but we're practically at midnight right now... "Ah, certainly not tonight. Perhaps tomorrow."

She nodded, and then blushed again. "Oh, that reminds me... I'm expecting a guest here, pretty soon."

Huh? A guest? At this time of the night? I expanded my vision to encompass multiple city blocks. Everyone was already asleep, except... a couple blocks away... someone was coming.

It was Samantha.

"I invited Samantha over, after, she and I, ehhh, we had a little chat! Just a harmless little chat! No big deal, really!"

I had an odd feeling in my stomach. "Cassiel, what's going on? Wh-what did you two talk about?"

She blushed again. She seems to do that a lot. "About the, ah, status of our relationship... I mean, I'm n-not a little girl you know! I'm a mature, responsible woman, I-I don't get jealous like a child would or anything!"

She's stuttering. And talking very fast. I either like where this conversation is going a _whole lot_ or _not at all_. I haven't decided yet.

While thinking those thoughts, Samantha arrived and knocked on the door. After coming in, she smiled at me with a twinkle in her eye. "I'm guessing Cassiel explained the situation then? I'll be joining you on your trip in the labyrinth!"

She hopped over a little bit closer and whispered in my ear. " _And tonight as well~!_ "

I guess I'm not actually going to get much sleep tonight.