Part 158 - Forbidden

Lucifer stared at the doorway that led into Mount Sinai. As best as he knew, no demon had ever entered this place. Not because it was necessarily not desired, but because to do so would be to wish death upon themselves.

Demons were inherently weaker than angels. Even moreso, when compared with 'gods'. Demons, even when evolving, only tended to gain a small amount of power. Some, however, might gain new abilities, and seldomly, they would gain unique abilities.

Luckily, Lucifer had gained a few of these unique abilities, and now he would be putting them to the test.

_Shadowstep_.

With a mental command, Lucifer willed himself to instantly transfer from one shadow to another, staying invisible, and not appearing to move at all in the process. An incredible skill meant for the highest of assassins, the benefits of it had many applications, not least of which was extremely fast travel. By using this method of movement, he had easily caught up to his King's early departure by racing after him, traveling from shadow to shadow. That it was nighttime when he left the exit of Leviathan's abode was a lucky coincidence. It allowed him to travel at unbelievable speeds.

In the darkness, none were Lucifer's equal.

However, there was a problem, once he got inside the actual cave, that darkness became very sparing. He was lucky that he could shadowstep anywhere that he had a direct line of sight to a shadow, but when it was so bright that no shadows existed, what then?

Well, he would have to quickly move through the light, hoping that no angels spotted him.

Lucifer was a lucky demon, however. Angels occasionally passed through the halls, but having not seen a demon inside their sanctuary since the dawn of time, they had grown complacent. Even in groups of two or three, they merely chatted with one another, oblivious to their surroundings. The individuals were the most alert ones, but even they seemed to be lost in whatever thoughts angels that had lived for an eternity might have.

And thusly, Lucifer made his way deep inside the mountain.

As he went deeper and deeper, he saw more and more fantastical sights. A beautiful garden, filled with flowing water, green grass and flowers, and fantastical architecture crafted by the finest artisans among the angels. Rocks etched with precise linework, depicting ancient battle the angels had fought to preserve their way of life. At one point, he could have sworn he even spotted a single ray of sunlight, somehow coming through a hole from the top of the mountain, that landed on a sword stuck fast in a rock. However, as he was in a rush, he mostly ignored it.

Finally he arrived at the place no demon before him had ever seen or could have ever seen without his particular set of skills: The Gateway to Heaven. A portal created by magic of the old ages, which led to an entirely new dimension, one constructed by and for divine beings. One that transcended the known laws of physics, as humans later would come to call them.

Lucifer, hiding in the pale shadow of a giant underground oak tree, pondered his next move. He could see inside the portal, it was like looking through an open doorway. The portal led to some entirely pure white room, the composition of which he could not tell. While he could not get a good look, he knew one thing for sure. _I would be lucky if there were even a single shadow to hide in, so omnipresent is the light in that room_.

Lucifer steeled himself as he watched and waited. For hours, and hours, he sat patiently. He watched as the two cherubs that stood inside the portal, guarding the exit and entrance, stood watch, their arms crossed as they stared directly ahead. In that white room, there would be no way to hide from their gaze.

He considered his options carefully. _In order to enter, perhaps I should kill those two, when no others are around. However, once the bodies are found, or their missing presences are noted, all of the gods and angels will go on a furious hunt to find me. I only have three unique abilities to use, and I should prefer not to show them unless absolutely necessary. There must be a way in._

As Lucifer pondered his next course of action, something miraculous happened; the cherubs changed guard duty with another being. A weak old-looking man swapped with them, and the two cherubim warriors walked away.

Interestingly, the old man instead stood on this side of the portal, not the inside of that white room.

_If I could just create a distraction to make him avert his eyes for but a second, I could slip past into the holy room beyond that gate. Then I will be well on my way to completing the mission._

Lucifer glanced around, moving only his eyes. He spotted a small tree root at his feet, loosened, easy to toss and make a small noise. _Perfect._

Just as he was about to reach down and grab it, when the corridor was empty, a voice spoke and made him nearly jump out of his skin.

"I suppose you've come to say hello, then."