Part 071: Fright

"It's...him..." Peter spoke weakly, his entire body trembling as he indicated the demon approaching us. "H-h-he killed General Roland.... w-with a single..."

Peter suddenly turned and stumbled away weakly, vomiting on the ground behind himself as his terror overtook him. I'd never seen Peter like this before. He was on the precipice of going mad with fear.

The traveler stared evenly at the approaching demon. And a demon he was. A pure black suit with a black tie, wearing black gloves and black shoes, and an odd looking hat with a brim that circled all around his head, jet black hair darting out from under it in various places. And his eyes... glowing red, burning fiery eyes. One would think that if he grabbed you and stared into your eyes, he could drain the soul from your body with just his burning stare.

"Beelzebub. So you've come. I've been looking for you." The traveler walked forwards slowly, him and the demon, apparently named Beelzebub, coming to a stop about 15 feet from one another. A comfortable distance, a _safe_ distance, to be sure. The traveler was strong... but whatever Peter had seen, I feared this demon more than I trusted in the traveler's ability to protect us.

"It's been a while, ' _Hero_ '." The demon spoke down to the traveler, almost like a father chiding a son, but with a large bit of sarcasm and disgust dripping in his ominously deep voice. "I see you're still running around, playing savior with your other insect... friends."

The traveler shook his head. "These are not my friends. I met them only minutes ago." My heart suddenly sunk. Shit... it's hopeless... "But as for you, I do have a bone to pick."

"Oh? Have you been coming after me... just as you did the other ten lords that have gone missing recently?" Beelzebub glared at the hero. "Those were my tools that you disposed of. Useful pawns. I lost much influence because of your actions."

The traveler, or 'hero', shrugged. "Can't be helped. I have to kill all of you demons anyway. You're in my way. And it drew you out, didn't it?" The Hero sneered, a vicious visceral look. "You demons are so... _predictable_."

Beelzebub suddenly flared up as his eyes brightened in intensity. He seemed to be holding back a massive amount of rage. "You... you think you can... _toy_ with me? You think you can simply mock me and I'll let you walk away?" Beelzebub slowly began to undo his tie. "Oh... this is going to be... _very_ satisfying. Give me a moment, if you will... I need to make sure I don't ruin my nice suit with your _filthy_ insect blood."

The hero chortled. "A moment? I'll give you an eon. You've already lost. Maybe you should walk away so I don't send you crawling."

Beelzebub quickly undid his tie. "Child. Take this.... and fold it neatly. _Neatly._ " He spit the last word out and the younger demon by his side shuddered slightly as he quickly and gently took the tie from him.

In a flash, Beelzebub had taken off his suit top as well, and his hat. Now he only wore his suit pants and a black long sleeved dress shirt. The man knew how to dress. He looked impeccable with or without his full suit on.

"I'll leave the pants. You don't deserve the sight of what's underneath."

The traveler grinned. "You've developed a sense of humor, haven't you, _Beelzy_." My god. This man was mad. He just mocked a demon. We're going to die horribly.

The demon gnashed his teeth. "Don't you _ever_ act familiar with me, insect. If you shorten my name like that again, I'll shorten your life to nothing."

The traveler shrugged again. "Let's be serious now. You were going to do that anyway. Or at least, you were going to _try_." His grin grew ever wider.

The demon's grimace faded, as he closed his eyes. "I'm going to enjoy this far more than I should."
