Part 115: Hercules

Satan cackled maniacally as he and his demons threw another mighty feast of the ages. Slaves they had captured from the filthy humans served up platters filled with cooked and uncooked remains of the thousands of humans the demons had butchered since the death of Aaron. It had been five years since then, and with no king to lead them, the fall of Man was sure to be soon. As the humans served food, their bodies trembling as they held the mangled corpses of friends and lovers and family, they stifled their pent up rage and tears as demons kicked and whipped them, stoically trying to hold up even a tiny bit of self-esteem despite the jeering and insults.

Satan slapped his knees while he roared with laughter as his general, glowing with pride, showed his fearless leader the latest results. 60% of all humans on the Earth were now dead. There were still some untouched holdouts in the continent later to be known as Africa and there were some weak tribes scattered throughout the north and south Americas (As they later came to be known), but for the most part, there no longer existed any humans that could defy him.

Still... as Satan laughed, a thought kept creeping back into his mind. _Who was that 'Hercules' that King Aaron, the Great Unifier, warned me about? Was it a great bluff to get me to lower my guard? Probably, but I just have a feeling..._

They roared again with laughter as Diablo cracked a horrifying joke about how a human with his guts splayed on the floor might resemble an imp at birth, and as they laughed, a demon suddenly burst into his dining hall, smashing the doors to the side as he breathlessly screamed. "SIRE! SIRE! We're being SLAUGHTERED!!!"

The noise in the room slowly subsided as demons turned to look at the messenger, but Satan had already stopped laughing. His face betrayed no emotions, but inside many feelings roiled around, summoning themselves in an instant. _Fascination. Wonder. Curiosity. Horror. Fear._

Satan leaped to his feet, as he slapped the drink out of one of his loyal generals' claws. "Barbatos, drop the grog and get to the war room _now_."

Barbatos started to protest, but then shrugged as he hopped along beside the Emperor. _Whatever, once we deal with the pests, I'll get more of the filthy stuff later, hehe._

...................................................................

Satan stood on a rock overlooking the battlefield. This wasn't right. There were a few thousand humans out there, but they were wearing strange metallic clothing, with swords made of a material he had not seen before. _Longswords_ he had heard them called. And they wore odd metallic hats that covered their entire head. But even weirder, their left hands held nonsensical flat round boards, and the humans seemed to be using them to deflect attacks. Despite their apparent size and bulk, the humans seemingly had no trouble wielding them.

Ahead of them, a single blond haired man, standing 7'2" in height, wearing very little armor, and wielding no weapons or tools of any sort. But this human, the one who made himself an open and obvious target, was terrifyingly powerful. He zipped and dashed here and there, moving so fast none of the demons could lock onto him. His fists acted as if they were made of iron, pounding through the carapaces of hydras, dark-walkers, scythers, and various monsters alike. Nothing could touch him. When he hit a demon, the demon was hurled backward, usually breaking their neck instantly.

And despite saying no words as he rampaged around, his warriors clad in metal moved as a single mind. Without speaking or motioning to one another, they continuously fended off attacks from the rear and sides as if they had omnipresent shared vision. Nothing escaped them.

Satan stared, baffled at the furious war machine ravaging his demons, as imp messengers near his feet scurried up to him on his arrival.

"Emperor Satan! Great leader! We are dying by the thousands! We need your guidance to subdue the humans! We haven't managed to kill even a single one yet!"

Satan's jaw dropped as they delivered the horrifying news. _Not a single human?! Had they somehow evolved into a new species?! Since when were humans this capable at war?! Not even Aaron possessed armies of this caliber, and these warriors of the light had appeared from nowhere!_

And just as Satan was about to deliver his orders, he halted. Up, in the sky, he saw something that made his breath catch in his throat.

A massive angel, a size he had never before seen in his life. As a demon, angels were his most hated enemy, well beyond a hatred of humans who were his oppressors. But in his many years of fighting the angelic scourge, he had never seen something like this.

The angel took of so much of the horizon that he had not even realized it was there at first. It must have been ten miles in size in various directions, and the wingspan seemingly bent around the Earth itself. It held a massive staff in its hand, and seemed to be casting a _very_ complex spell.

Just as Satan realized it was casting a spell, the angel finished.

A beam of immense size and power _blasted_ into the ground, emanating from the top of his staff and devouring all demonic life caught inside it. It dealt no damage to the Earth or to the humans if they were caught inside it, but any demon caught inside _evaporated_ into mist before they had a chance to react, and it moved all over the battlefield, hunting as if it had a mind of its own. _The Holy Beam of Heavenly Destruction_.

The beam of light fired for twenty seconds straight, killing nearly 20,000 demons in that tiny span of time. Satan fell to his knees as a nearby oracle emotionlessly delivered the report. He had now lost 50,000 minions. And the humans? Zero.

"Retreat." Satan spoke numbly, his voice almost a whisper. "Flee... into the... burrow." Satan failed to make coherent thoughts as he witnessed the awe inspiring presence of what he later came to find out was the first Cosmos Class Angel, _Gabriel_.

_These humans have won this battle. But I will be back. And when I do, they will pay for their genocide of my demons._

And as those thoughts crossed his mind, the blonde human leading the others stopped in his tracks and silently stared at Satan. An icy face of hatred and revenge crossed over his eyes.

_Hercules._ Satan would find rest impossible for the near future, as that face gave him his first feeling of a true nightmare.
