Part 154

Satan stared darkly at the report. His generals indicated various positions of troops and slowly managed to say what was on their mind.

_We're being crushed._

Satan glared as the generals gave him a stunning number: 60%. That's how many of the demonic legion's warrior demons had been slain.

In just one month, more than half of their fighting force was eradicated from existence. The enemy didn't even use that Cosmic Class Angel, Gabriel anymore. Not that it mattered.

"If they had this kind of ability to crush us all along, why didn't they do it sooner?" Diablo, the second lord of the demons, stared at the mess in front of him. "There were times we were winning, and times we were losing, but even back when there were only a few evolutions, we never lost like this."

"It's that damned Hercules! He's impossible to beat!" Bael pounded the table with his fist. "His troops cannot be even touched as long as he leads them! The angels could be taken care of, individually we outnumber them ten to one, but those damned humans are like vermin, coming out of the woodwork faster than we can kill them! Our forces totaled almost a hundred million only months ago, now we're down to forty million!" As a general on the frontlines, Bael had seen many of his minions die to the Hercules-led knight legion.

_Hmm._

Satan thought quietly to himself. "We still have the location of their home base. What if we were to strike at the angels directly?"

Lucifer, the third in command, scowled. "It's pointless. Their gods are incredibly powerful, though reclusive. If we could kill most of the angels, we'd have the advantage in future skirmishes to be sure but... if Gabriel makes an appearance, as he likely will, we will lose decisively."

The mood at the table worsened. _No options are left but to hide like rats._ That is what all at the War Table thought to themselves, even Satan.

However, Satan had an idea cross his mind. "So what you are saying is that as we are now, even the strongest demons at this table cannot compare to the gods that hide inside Mount Sinai?"

Lucifer slowly nodded. "Yes, my liege. What are you getting at?"

Satan silenced himself. He couldn't speak of what was on his mind. It was his closest guarded secret. After a few seconds, he went on a different path. "It's simple, then. If we can increase our fighting power to be above the angels and the gods, we can decisively crush them."

Bael spoke now, though more slowly than he usually would. "My lord, that is certainly... a fantastic idea but... that seems rather hard to do in such a short time."

Satan raised his hand and silenced him. "No, I have a way, though it will only work for me. I have a friend I must speak to, and I will be back before the morning comes. Stay here and strategize to cut our losses to a minimum. _I have work to do._ "

Satan quickly rose from his sitting position at the table and walked away towards the exit of the demonic mountain base.

Lucifer, the dark-walker, watched quietly as his master left.

...................................................................

Satan moved quickly, using his highly evolved body and its speed to rapidly leap forward in great bounds towards his destination, a small deserted human village 50 miles to the north. Crossing that long distance in a matter of hours, he arrived at the mountainside he remembered from his imp days, many years ago.

Glancing around to make sure no other life forms were in the area, he pushed aside a pile of rocks, quietly sealing them up behind himself as he entered a narrow tunnel that led deep into the mountainside. It was impossible to spot, unless you stumbled into it by chance, or happened to know exactly where to look. But Satan knew well... this was the key to his power.

After many minutes climbing downwards, he arrived at a familiar pathway, one he had mined out himself as a young imp. It just barely fit his massive form as he crawled on his stomach to get inside. At the end of this tiny pathway, the hole opened up.

Suddenly, he was in a massive, pitch black cavern. As he exited the hole, miles underground, he spoke aloud.

"Great Leviathan, master of all Darkness, your loyal servant has arrived once more." He got on his knees and bowed deeply.

" **Hmm? Ahh, if it isn't Satan. So kind of you to have not... _forgotten_ me.** "

A massive dark dragon, the size of a small skyscraper, spoke to him. His body was pitch black, as were his eyes. Black flames were burning on his body, and in the darkness, he was invisible to all who gazed upon him.

But not to Satan. He had granted Satan favor as a young imp.

"I would never forget the one who gave my people their power, oh mighty one! I have come once more, to ask another favor, for but a trifle of your power."

The black eyes slowly burned themselves into a deep demonic crimson. " **Always asking favors, and never granting my one request... is this task too impossible for one as lowly as you?** "

Satan grimaced as he bowed in front of the black dragon. "No, my master, I only have one goal as I always have... to free you from this prison."