Part 244a: Day Of Reckoning

Elder Nufaris stood alongside Dosena, the second ranked of the Founders. The two of them watched the numbers on the viewscreen ticking down as they approached their destination.

"I am honored that you allowed me to return, Lady Dosena." Nufaris stared ahead emotionlessly.

"You earned it. After the end of the first skirmish against the primitives, we realized we had made a mistake rushing to judgement. We need all the talent we can get." Dosena stared at the numbers counting down. _Only five more ticks and we will arrive._

Nufaris scratched his chin slowly. "Is the AI reliable? Can we trust a stowaway AI from the primitives' own planet?"

"I do not know. The images it showed us, the diagrams, they appeared to be real and not forgeries. If the humans are developing those kinds of weapons, and planning an invasion as the audio-recordings of their secret societies prove, we cannot take the chance the AI is wrong. We are perched precariously on a cliff that will lead to the doom of all Volgarians, and we must proceed with the utmost caution."

Nufaris hesitated before speaking again. "I beg pardon, great Founder. I only find myself asking this question because I care so deeply for my people and I hope you understand... what if the AI had somehow forged those documents, faked those images, or somehow altered the recordings we were shown? When I spoke with the human who appeared on my scouting ship, he seemed powerful, but not like he wanted war."

"I understand your hesitation, Nufaris. We have reviewed your memories carefully, and we decided that it was an elaborate act. It is possible the human somehow stole data about Volgarians from your ship and was planning to use it to locate our homeworld."

"I suppose it's possible..." Nufaris halted slightly as Dosena eyed him. Unlike the other founders, she was a strong proponent of independent thinkers. As long as one had a mind towards aiding the whole of the Volgarian people, she would always lend an ear. It's what had made her such a cunning general during the Great Wars, and why she was feared and respected by all. "But did the records show any evidence of tampering or a downlink of our data?"

"No. We still have to assume it's possible though. The humans already created a mass-driver just for firing weaponized projectiles at our ships. Their creativity is admirable, and a reason we should fear them."

Nufaris nodded slowly. "Yes... I suppose so."

His mind returned to that AI. He always felt as if UMI was watching him... but it wasn't here now, they had quarantined all of their ships before they left Volgarius. There was no chance the AI was here, none whatsoever... but why did he have that nagging feeling at the base of his skull?

He once again, for the thousandth time this voyage, pulled up a holopad and glanced through it, running a quick systems check. The generic AI on board the ship came back with the same results: No anomalies.

Nufaris sighed slightly as a small chill went through his body. It was nothing. He was just imagining things.

The Volgrim in charge of the ships navigation spoke into the ship's announcement system. "We will be arriving in the Terran system in ten seconds. Nine, eight, seven..."

...................................................................

Amy's heart pounded in her chest as the Moon Internal Defensive System began to sound alarms everywhere. A subspace signal had been detected, comprised of over ten thousand anomalous objects. One or two were to be expected, they occurred infrequently. She kept a calm face while the loudspeakers sounded the alert.

"ATTENTION ALL CREW ON BOARD. PREPARE THE DEFENSIVE FORCES. VOLGRIM ATTACK FORCES LIKELY INBOUND IN T-MINUS FIFTEEN SECONDS AND COUNTING. THIS IS NOT A DRILL. ALL CREW TO THEIR BATTLE STATIONS ON THE DOUBLE. FIGHTER PILOTS, GET TO YOUR SHIPS. S.O.D. GUNNERS, PREPARE INITIAL AIMING SYSTEMS TO LOCK ON FROM MOON BASE SHINSEKI. VOLGRIM ARRIVING IN FIVE, FOUR, THREE..."

Amy leaped twenty feet up into the air and landed inside her ship's cockpit, which had already started up automatically as the alarm was sounded. Her jump was easily performed thanks to the low gravity on the moon. In a flash, her ship, part of the initial strike wave, launched out of the hanger at the speed of sound, her movement dampeners protecting her from the massive rush of G-forces that would have, for sure, crushed her body into a pulp.

As she blasted out of Moonbase Johannesburg, she nearly screamed as her nerves made her mind blank for a split second. She turned towards the horizon just in time to see ten thousand Volgrim ships come out of hyperspace, merely 50,000 miles from Earth, and only a few hundred thousand or so from the Moon itself.

_So they're attacking from the moon side, eh? At least that will give us the initial advantage._ She braced herself as her HUD indicated the first S.O.D. had already fired at the closest large cruiser.

Seconds passed, the time feeling like hours. Nothing happened to any of the Volgrim ships. The S.O.D. must have missed somehow, or maybe...

"Attention, strike squad Red. Australia and Moonbase Shinseki have fired their SOD's. Hits were confirmed, however, no damage was dealt. The Volgrim must have adapted their shield matrix's to deflect our shots! You're on your own!" A man spoke quickly on the comm line, as he breathlessly explained what had just happened.

As a massive hail of laser and proton cannon fire erupted in front of her, Amy held her breath and fought back a surge of repressed emotions as she realized it was all up to the ships and whatever other secret projects Britain had cooked up, because their ultimate weapons were useless.

Her scanners indicated that the main Earth fleet had arrived, circling from behind her, so there was at least that. The Mothership, run by Judicator, was among them, along with the Flagship of the Holy Empire of Britannia itself.

"All hail Britannia." She whispered, as she quickly rushed towards the incoming fighter squadron the Volgrim had launched.
