Part 057:

"Goddamn it, he's in the sewers now. He's a slippery little..." The Tracker trailed off before he could finish his sentence with an expletive.

"No, this is good." Phoebe chimed in. "There aren't many entrances to the sewer, and his mobility will be drastically cut down. We can cut him off in there."

I nodded. "It's a sound plan. Put Watchmen at each sewer entrance. Once we go in, erect force fields around the- wait."

I paused. A thought came to me. "Shit, this isn't going to work. He can teleport, can't he?"

Phoebe paused, frustration crossing over her face. "You're right. I forgot. That was my error."

I grimaced but it was a light one. "Don't worry about it. Everyone makes mistakes. Besides, we can erect an anti-spatial-travel field above the sewers."

Phoebe nodded as relief filled her face. "Ah, yes, thank you. I had forgotten."

It was new technology, but Hero City had become a bustling capital of economic growth ever since he freed us from Bahamut. And thanks to all the people who had challenged Bahamut in the past, wittingly or unwittingly, this city had an unusual amount of strong humans and demons in it. They made for great soldiers. Even a small lithe woman like Phoebe was not to be underestimated. Of course, her most valuable asset was intel on the Hero himself, after months spent at his side.

We headed down into the sewers. While we could have climbed down the ladders and entered slowly, we needed all the speed we could get in case of a surprise attack. Ordinarily I would have sent troopers in first, but this time I took the lead.

Leaping into the manhole feet first, I splashed down into the smelly cavern with a soft thud. A small stream of liquids, composed of God-only-knows-what ran past my feet. It was only an inch or two deep so thankfully my boots weren't waterlogged with... debris.

"Where the hell are you hiding..." I muttered to myself. My squad dropped down behind me. "Leave Tracker B on the street, but keep him covered. We'll follow the main host, you guys watch out for those damned clones."

It was dark in the sewers. Very dark. I could barely see anything. Activating my helmet gem, a weird reddish light filled the pathway in front of me.

We were at a disadvantage. Hero didn't use his eyes, he hadn't had actual sight for months. Phoebe had explained to me that he possessed a practically impregnable 360 degree spherical field of view around his body now though, thanks to an ability set he had crafted over the last few months. To call him a formidable foe was dangerous. He wasn't just formidable, he was downright terrifying.

We walked down the pathways, shining our lights left and right, checking each path as Tracker A led us towards him.

"...He's coming this way." Tracker A suddenly halted. Then he jerked backwards. "He's coming fast."

"Get behind me." I whispered this and quickly pulled the Tracker to the back. Seconds passed. Sweat trickled down my back. The long path ahead of us continued for a while, with a left path opening up halfway down.

And then suddenly, I spotted something that chilled my blood. Pure white eyes appeared at the end of the hall. My light didn't illuminate as far down as I would have liked, but the lights were as bright as a signal flare in the darkness.

Hero cocked his head, as if listening for our movements. And then he charged.
