Part 459c: Deception, Disgrace

"P-please calm down! Sam!" I flinch as a sturdy oaken chair smashes against the wall beside me, and Samantha screams again, pounding the chessboard Jason was playing with last night into a thousand pieces, much of them the size of dust fragments.

"I lied! I'm worthless! I'm pathetic!" Samantha kicks a metal pail hard enough that it blasts across the room and smashes against Ionis, bouncing off his metal frame and ricocheting off the walls until it pounds into her chest and knocks her over. Her sudden surprise might almost be comical if she weren't in such incredible emotional pain. "Aauuuoo!"

She crumples in a heap behind the bed in a corner and starts sobbing uncontrollably. Before I hesitantly walk over to her, I steal a glance at the Sentinel. If he's angry about the pail, he doesn't show it. The robot continues to stare straight ahead unamusedly as if none of this matters to him in the slightest. Howard hides behind Ionis's legs but doesn't appear to be mortally terrified. As long as Ionis protects him, I don't have to worry.

I tiptoe over to Sammy and chew my lip. She's curled up in the fetal position on the floor, her arms wrapped around her legs as the tears come pouring down. Whatever Jason made her remember, it's more than she can handle.

"Sam. I'm here." I turn my wings into warm, comfortable pillows as I kneel down and wrap my arms around her. My wings act as a barrier to the outside world, reflecting the negative energy permeating our room away from her.

After a minute of uncontrollable hysterics, she manages to calm down somewhat, aided in part by the pure energy I subtly send to her. "Oh god, Cass... I can't believe myself! How could I do it?!"

"I don't know what you mean, Sammy. You have to take a deep breath, calm your heart, and realize that I'm here for you. Okay? Only after you do that can you tell me what's wrong."

Only a few weeks ago, I was the one crying in Sammy's arms, after I remembered what Marie did to me. If I can't be a tree to help weather the storm, I'm not a real friend. I'm just surprised I can be so calm in the face of such strong, repressed emotions.

The crying winds down, and soon she rests her head on my chest, staring stonily at the wall. "I was right. The First Emperor is Satan. He's been erasing my memories."

_Ooh, that was blunter than I expected._ "Yes, you told me as much. Can you tell me what happened? I won't judge you for anything, no matter what."

Samantha doesn't respond for over a minute, before whispering, "Really? Not at all? But... I'm awful..."

"I don't think so, and neither does Jason. Open up your heart, and I'll listen."

She squeezes her legs even tighter. "I... after I went to the council, I was sent to see the First- I mean, to see Satan. Nobody knows who he is. He wipes everyone's memory."

"Mhm." I keep my reply neutral.

"W-well, when I showed up to see him..."

.............................................................................

After how weak and ineffective I made the council look, I was feeling pretty good about myself. I arrived at the secret door to the First Emperor's chamber. When I stepped inside, it was a long walk down a hallway, where I felt his dark miasma radiating down the corridor. His power was overwhelming, like trying to swim up against a waterfall. In a way, it sickened me, somehow, as if I could no longer stand the feeling of negative energy.

I washed the lumps in my throat down and finally arrived in his throne room. I wasn't sure exactly what to expect, but I knew what his name was, or at least, the one he'd chosen to tell everyone.

Striking a cocky pose, I stared up at the giant behemoth sitting upon his throne. "Yo. What's up, 'Asmodeus'?"

I've always been a carefree soul. While I couldn't remember any of our previous meetings, I was confident this is how I'd greet anyone claiming to be the First Emperor, and the fact I hadn't been executed or punished during any of my previous meetings seemed proof to me that it wasn't the wrong way to greet him.

**Ah, Second Emperor, Belial. It has been a long time. Where have you been, my love?** "

His voice was filled with honey and sugar, but at the same time, there was a moment where I sensed a hint of rage. It had been thousands of years since I last saw him since I'd long since tired of never remembering what we talked about or did. Knowing what I know now, perhaps he was just angry I hadn't been popping in every so often.

"I'm not your 'love', unless, of course, your name isn't Asmodeus. That's a silly thought, isn't it?" A duality was in my words. On the one hand, I was implying without directly stating that he couldn't be Asmodeus at all, but on the other hand, I wasn't saying outright _who_ my lover was. Because the thing is... I'd been having doubts.

The arch-demon's voice softened. Before my eyes, his form began to shrink from a towering colossus to something only a little taller than myself. It was only once his face changed from a black, shapeless mess, to one I'd seen before, that I felt my heart quiver.

"Well, then, Lilia... I suppose if my name isn't 'Asmodeus,' then that little statement falls to pieces?"

I didn't have a chance to reply. A moment later, a gentle sensation, like wind formed in the shape of a hand, swept me off my feet and over to him, pressing my body against his. I barely had a second to react before he plunged his lips onto mine, and kissed me with a fiery passion I hadn't experienced in ages...

"W-wait!" I pulled my mouth from his and pushed away, feeling annoyed all of a sudden. The whole situation felt rushed. "I-I barely even- I mean, we haven't seen each other in-"

His eyes hardened, ever so slightly. "Oh, come now. You've dropped by many a time, sweet Lilia. Not _recently_, I'll admit, but plenty of times before. I've grown antsy, even on occasion filling the void you've left me in with other trifles, but no woman matches you. I'm just glad you've gathered your senses and made a return."

"I don't remember the past, Satan." I tried not to glare at him, but a small amount of anger boiled up inside of me. "I'm glad _one of us_ remembers the good old days."

As if realizing his error, Satan took a step back and tapped his hips. "Yes, hmm, I see your point. Of course, I've explained to you on countless occasions why I must keep my identity a secret, but I suppose I'll have to explain again."

And so he did. He spent fifteen minutes talking while I listened silently. I didn't understand most of it. Something about time travel, paradoxes, the future being linear, other universes... if I'm being honest, it wasn't the sort of thing a _demon_ would understand. These concepts were very... human.

"Oh. Okay." I nodded slowly, but I didn't understand what he meant.

Satan seemed to realize this. "Yes, I suppose you wouldn't understand, but that is fine, my dear. After all, it is a man's place to think, and a woman's to listen. Now, where have you been for all of this time? My bed has grown quite cold."

His condescending words didn't hit me as they should have. Somehow, my mind closed them out, and I thought to myself something like, _oh, that's just the way he is._ Looking back on it now, maybe I should have noticed the warning signs.

My arms crossed over my chest, and I suddenly felt a tiny amount of shame, being in his presence. "I've just- well, I've been out, doing things. The war with the humans is heating up. I've been-"

"The war with the humans? Oh right, that nonsense Diablo was telling me about. I nearly fell asleep listening to him. As if I cared about _humans_." Satan tossed his hand up in the air flippantly. "If Diablo can't handle the humans and he wastes my power, I'll be dreadfully annoyed. I expect you'll help out if it comes to that."

Even as he said all this, Satan was slowly edging closer to me. A hungry lust was in his eyes, as though he was just trying to skip to the good parts, ignoring my feelings along the way. He didn't seem to care about the fact that I hadn't seen him in millions of years, from my point of view, nor did he care about taking the time to rekindle a romance or anything else. He only had _one thing_ on his mind.

And frankly, I'd had enough. "I'm seeing another man right now, Satan. A human."

He didn't even pause. "Wonderful. I'm sure once he's drained, you'll be hungry for more. It's like eating the crumbs that have fallen off the table, while the main course lingers above. Let's cut the chit-chat, Lilia. I've missed you _so_ much, you know. I respected your desire for a little alone time, but now that you're here..."

I jerked back in fright as he suddenly appeared inches in front of me, and his hand reached down behind me to grab hold of my flesh. _Teleportation?_ I hadn't even seen him make a sign, and it scared me, seeing him act so aggressive.

"I don't want this!" Out of instinct, I hit him with all my power and sent him hurtling backward. He smashed into his throne with a sickening _crunch_ and destroyed a good chunk of the lower-section. Immediately, worry and fear overtook me. "Oh devils, Satan?! Are you okay?!"

"Ahhh..." His moan of pain almost had a hint of pleasure in it. "It's been so long since we were together, Lilia..." He pulled himself out of the debris and rubbed his back. "...I had forgotten that side of you. I must admit, I do like it more when you playfully resist."

Seeing he was okay and not seriously injured, my worry vanished. "I'm not playing around! I didn't come here for this! I have another man now, Satan! I can't just jump in bed with you, not without talking to him first."

For a moment, the funniest look of confusion appeared on Satan's face, as if he couldn't fathom me saying 'no' to him. He thought I was joking around, up to that point, maybe leading him on, but a moment later, the comicality vanished.

"What do you mean by that?" His voice was calm, icy, but a threat lingered on the edge. "What human? Who is he?"

"That's... that's not important!" My arms crossed once more, but I could feel my body shaking. Suddenly I wished I were wearing a set of plate-armor. I felt exposed in front of him, as his eyes roved my body. "I'm my own person. Stop acting like you control me. I'm not chattel."

Despite the rising anger in his eyes, Satan managed to calm himself down as he walked a little closer and brushed crumbled rock and dust from his robes. "I see. This human... is his name Jason Hiro, by any chance?"

It took me a moment to form words. Satan had already demonstrated he had no idea what I was up to, nor what the state of the Labyrinth was, yet he knew Jason's name? Why?

"Yeah. So?"

His eyes raised and a knowing expression filled his face. "Ah, I see. The Wordsmith. I hadn't realized so much time had passed. I've grown too comfortable, it appears. Decades turned into centuries, which became millennia and eventually eons. The time has already arrived, and all I do is lounge around and wait for reports from my _others_." He paused after the last word as if it held some significance, but I couldn't divine what it was. "I've grown soft. All is well though since you did make that promise to me, all those ages ago."

"Promise? What promise?"

His tongue flicked out, and he licked his lips. "The betrayal, of course. The reason I erase your memory is so you can stay in character, but you and I both know... when the time comes, there is only one man to whom you can be loyal. This Jason fellow is a passing interest, a flippant moment in time. When the time is right, you will plunge the figurative dagger in his back, and then I will restore your memories."

Satan shrugged and heaved a great sigh. "Ah, well, I suppose that doesn't matter. You won't remember our time here afterward, anyway."

I had no idea what the promise was or what he was talking about, but something about his words chilled my heart. "Y-you're going to erase my memory again? Why? And what makes you think I'll betray Jason?"

"Huh? Now you're babbling." Satan's gaze hardened once more, but there was something sinister in his eyes this time. "This prattle is tiresome. You don't love him at all. You're just pretending, of course. He doesn't mean a thing to you. I am the only one you can truly love, Lilia, and you'd do well to remember that. He isn't kin, he's a human. Humans are filthy, worthless creatures, bound together in weakness. Demons are strong, and the rightful rulers of the universe."

My breath was coming in small, quick wheezes. Every word he was saying made my stomach churn. "I d-disagree! Humans are kind and caring. I've seen the love they can show for others of their species, and even other species as well! War doesn't have to be the only way we communicate!"

"Enough!" Satan's eyes flared up, and I could feel his energy shift slightly. "If you keep talking like that, I'm going to think you're serious!"

"I am serious! I'm not lying about-"

"Nonsense! That devil-damned human has brainwashed you!" Satan's teeth gnashed as he took several steps toward me. Suddenly, everything about him seemed more intimidating than usual. "Why don't you pause, and think for a moment! Use your head, Lilia! Come to me! Bow down and lick my feet!"

"What? No way! That's disgusting!"

My words stopped, and a pleasant feeling appeared in my mind. As if everything I had just said didn't matter, I took a hesitant step toward him. I couldn't see straight before. Jason didn't matter to me at all!

But no, he did! And yet, Satan suddenly seemed so alluring... I realized that there were things about him that Jason couldn't have, and that I was really in love with-

Damn it! It wasn't right! I knew it wasn't right, but I just wanted Satan so badly, at that very moment! It's as if my body was screaming out to him, and my mind couldn't fight back! It was... it was...

.............................................................................

"It was a betrayal..." Fresh tears flow from her eyes, and Samantha wipes furiously at her face, before launching into a physical assault, punching her face violently. "Liar! Worthless! Scum!"

"Sammy, no! Stop!" I force energy into my arms and use all my strength to try and stop her from hitting herself, but it's not enough. A sickening popping sound makes me whimper as one of my shoulder-blades violently dislocates. "Aaaow!"

Finally, Samantha stops and pulls away. "Oh... oh no... Cass, I'm sorry- I didn't mean to do that..."

I grit my teeth and bear the pain. "You're just taking all the blame... please don't attack yourself anymore, Sammy. When you do that, it's others you hurt, not yourself."

She nods and quickly makes a hand motion to repair my shoulder. I nearly bite my tongue as the bones mend together, but a moment later, the pain is gone.

Both of us stare at each other before turning away and gazing out the window.

My heart finally slows down, now that her emotions have been poured out. Her tears dry up as she dabs at her face with the bed covers. "I can't believe I did it, Cass. I tried to be true to Jason, but in the end, I threw myself at Satan, and begged him to do anything he wanted to me. It's like I wasn't myself. There was another me, one that revealed itself when I least expected it." She lowers her eyes to stare at a broken chunk of the chessboard she destroyed. "Just like I'm going to hurt Jason."

I can't stand to see her hurting like this. "Sammy, I don't know what happened with Satan, but that wasn't you. Maybe you just missed him. From your point of view, you hadn't seen him in millions of years... you probably just realized at that moment how much you loved him, but that doesn't mean you'll betray Jason. After all, he loves you and me equally. There can be room in your heart for Jason and Satan as well."

Samantha shakes her head slowly. "Cass. I didn't tell you everything I remembered. Jason didn't just restore my memory of this last meeting with Satan. He restored _all_ my memories of Satan. Thousands of them."

My breath catches. "What- what do you mean? What do you remember?"

"Everything." She crawls over to me and lays on my chest, pulling my wings over her. "Satan... he kept calling me to him, using me, then wiping my memory. All those times I went to visit him, he'd get his rocks off, then send me away. He never let me keep those memories. Those were _our_ memories together. Why?"

Many possibilities occur to me, but I want to try the softer ones first. "Satan mentioned time travel and other things. Maybe you couldn't be allowed to remember him. Even Diablo wasn't allowed, right?"

"Uh huh... maybe. I dunno." Her voice is sullen. Depression seems to be setting in. "Every second that passes, I remember more and more things. The last thing he told me before he wiped my memory this last time was 'Sadly, you won't remember the good times we just had.' Maybe he wanted me to remember but couldn't. Maybe you're right, Cass."

My thoughts keep returning to the strange behavior Samantha described when she last saw him. "Sam, is it... is it possible that he was manipulating you with magic? Maybe that's why you acted so passionately. Perhaps he was manipulating-"

"No! No, he wouldn't do that!" Samantha flinches and closes her eyes. "He'd never hurt me like that. It must have been repressed lust... I'm just a whore like everyone says. A sex-starved succubus. Worthless!"

"C'mon, Sammy, not this line again." I bite my lip hard enough to taste blood. "It's not that far-fetched. Maybe he made a sign when you weren't looking, or maybe he-"

She pulls away from me again and glares at me. "Stop! Satan would never hurt me like that! Don't even say it! He loves me, Cass."

_I don't know if he used magic or not, but she trusts him... would he?_ My mind parses the possibilities, but I don't want to think of what it could mean.

"Fine, I'm sorry. Look, don't beat yourself up over this, Sam. Whatever happened, it's in the past. Let's tell Jason what happened, and maybe he can help us figure it out. We're all in this together, right?"

"No, please, don't tell Jason. He'll think I'm... _contaminated_. He won't look at me the same."

"That's not true, damn you." I have to resist the urge to slap some sense into her, but it's very tempting. "Jason knew you loved the leader of the demons. If he finds out you made love to Satan, he won't be angry. He isn't like that."

"Jason will be disappointed. He'll feel betrayed." She rubs her arms slowly in a circular motion. "I don't know what to do, Cass. Never in my life has sex made me feel so filthy, but it does, now. I've done it millions of times, and it hasn't hurt me on the inside as it does at this moment. I want to die."

_I want to die._

Her words echo in my memories. I once said the same thing. I screamed those words until my throat was ragged, but I was too weak to follow through. Samantha isn't weak; she's strong. If she wanted to, she could do it.

I can't let that happen.

"Sam, if you kill yourself, I'll kill myself. Jason will be all alone. Is that what you want?"

"Huh? No!" She jerks her head up and gawks at me, horror on her face. "Why would you say that?"

"You're my best friend. You're my lover too, Sam. I want to be with you as much as I do Jason. If you took your life, it would devastate both of us. We'd be ruined. Don't you remember what you told me on the ship?"

A guilty look crosses her face. "Yeah. I'm sorry... I was selfish."

"It's okay. Let's be selfish for a while together, okay? I won't tell Jason what happened; that's up to you. When you feel ready, pour your heart out to him. Only sincere regret will change anything, and you already have that down pat."

As she nods and thanks me, I lean in and kiss her passionately, hoping to myself I can replace the memories Satan gave her with more pleasant ones.

But deep inside myself, I feel an emotion I can't remember ever feeling before.

_Rage._

I know he manipulated her, lied to her. She may not be willing to believe it, but I see Satan for what he is. He used her for his own pleasure, wiped her memories, and abused her innocent love for him with dramatic reunions, over and over again, for millions of years.

Even if she doesn't realize it, he broke her heart.

I'll break _him_.
