Part 343a:

Clarence tapped his foot impatiently as he glanced up at the midday sun. It had already been close to 18 hours now, and the day was slowly going to morph into night-time. She wasn't back yet...

_What to do... what to do..._ Clarence rubbed his eyes with his fingers as he groaned quietly. "I hope nothing happened to her."

He opened his eyes and continued to stare at the London's outer wall, just over a mile away. What was her plan, anyway? She made it sound like she was some super-genius who was going to destroy all the angels and gods in one fell swoop... and she was allied with the demons too. The demons were evil, or at least he had preached they were, for a long time now. But then, if they were evil, then allying with them would make him evil too. Aha, that couldn't be the case, for Clarence was a good man. Greedy, yes... willing to sell himself out for money, yes... but not evil!

And if he wasn't evil, then naturally it stood to reason that the demons couldn't be evil. Or, at least, they were no more evil than the angels were. It wasn't a demon that stabbed him to death, or manipulated him for its own favor... an angel did that, and an Archangel to boot!

_Right, so that means fighting the angels and gods is just. They need to be punished for their crimes against humanity._

Clarence smiled slightly to himself. Assuming Marie returned, the two of them would embark on a quest to destroy the gods. It was alright, as they needed to face the wrath of humanity for their crimes against it.

"Oh, why hello there." A female voice suddenly spoke up from his side and Clarence quickly tensed up and turned to face who had spoken.

An incredibly unbelievably sexy woman stood a few dozen feet away, wearing a ridiculously skimpy tight-fitting outfit that even a man of god like himself could hardly call appropriate attire for BDSM play. This woman... was definitely not Marie. _Why the hell is she wearing that in the middle of the day?!_

Clarence's cheeks turned red hot and he averted his eyes. "Jesus Christ, lady! D-don't sneak up on a man like that! Where are your clothes?!"

"Huh? I am wearing clothes. More importantly, what's a false angel doing standing outside the City of London?" Her sultry voice made his heart quiver for a moment before he managed to get control of himself to turn and face her again.

When he looked at her more closely, without allowing his eyes to be drawn to the weird straps that barely covered her chest and the thin pieces of fabric that hardly covered her lower bits, he took a step back in alarm, noting her aura color was not the same as the humans he had seen over in Les Houches. She clearly wasn't an angel either, meaning...

"You're a demon?"

She gave him a look of disbelief before replying. "Obviously. I'm also a woman and you're a man. Anything else you'd like to get out of the way? I mean, given you're a mortal enemy of the demons, I should be ripping you to shreds right now but I'm rather bored. Be glad I've let you speak this long."

Clarence quickly crossed his arms as he felt his fingers beginning to twitch in fear. This woman, she wasn't a weak demon... she appeared to be extremely confident of her odds of winning, though Clarence was pretty sure that any normal demon could beat him right now. He was a bit of a coward and not one to fight unless he absolutely had to.

"Err, thank you for that. I guess. I'm Clarence, and actually I don't believe we are enemies." He felt his eyes wavering as her shockingly attractive body screamed at him to look, but he kept forcing himself to look into her eyes. Somehow her eyes were even sexier than the rest of her body, as if she was casting a bewitching spell on him.

"Mmm. I find that hard to believe, but I'll play along. You're no threat to me anyway. I'm Belial, second Emperor of Hell. Be thankful for my generosity towards your life."

"Hahaha! This angel says he's an ally?! What a bunch of tomfoolery!" A voice suddenly rang out from all around them and Clarence took a second to realize it was being mentally transmitted into his mind. That was when he noticed an odd black orb she held at her side, its darkness absorbing all of the light around it. It held quite the intimidating presence inside, but the person speaking was rather unintimidating by himself, as his voice rasped like a chain smoker's.

_Best to not judge a book by its cover._

"I'm an ally, yes. I have a friend named Marie, she's gone off to speak with the demons about how we can kill all of the angels. I'm not even sure if it's doable."

"Oh? Marie? That name sounds... familiar." Belial reached up and tapped her lip for a moment, Clarence finding himself grateful that she also happened to cover up the smallest bits of her upper body. He secretly wished her long black hair could be brought forwards too, if only to aid in the shielding of his eyes. "Ah, now I remember. She's that sniveling human that always hangs around my master. She's a conniving witch who seeks to further her own ambitions... can't say I'm fond of her in the slightest."

Clarence swallowed as he edged one of his feet slightly backwards. "O-oh, you're not allies then?"

"I didn't say that. Technically, we exist on the same side, I just can't say that I really trust her at all. I feel that she is an opportunist, always looking for a fresh back to stick a knife in. Still, this idea of killing all the angels does sound appealing..." Belial leaned against a tree as she put her hands on her hips nonchalantly. "How did you get involved with a rogue like her, anyway?"

Clarence took her body language as a hint and eased himself back up against a tree as well. Best to keep this discussion casual, if at all possible. She could clearly tear him to pieces if she wanted.

Clarence took a few minutes at length to explain the situation, and Belial nodded along thoughtfully. As Clarence finished explaining, that odd voice spoke up from the orb again.

"Ridiculous. How could Marie have been reborn as an angel? She's an ally of the demons. Unless..."

Belial raised her hand slightly and aimed it at the orb. "Quiet down, I'm thinking." She poked herself in her belly button as her eyes lingered on the ground for a few moments, thoughts milling about in her head. "Hmm. Perhaps she gave energy to the angels in case she were to die, so she could be resurrected as an angel after death. Smart. I doubt Marie would ally with the angels, if only because her hatred for them seems quite genuine to me. A woman can tell when another woman is lying."

"Cheh, guess that means you never trust any female. I certainly wouldn't. They're all liars." The voice from the orb snickered to himself as Belial shot him a hot glare.

"Valac, you're testing my patience, and insulting me to boot. Come to think of it, I've always wondered what would happen if I used all my might to crush this orb into dust."

The quiet laughter ceased instantly as Clarence perceived a worried expression on a demonic looking face appear in his mind. "You wouldn't."

"Don't test me. Mockery will make your pitiful existence come to a quick end."

"Yes ma'am." The orb, apparently named Valac, quickly shut up.

"Anyway..." Clarence decided to get a word in after the two of them had stopped bickering. "I've explained what I'm doing here. What about you?"

The demon instantly shot him an icy glare. "Don't be presumptuous. I owe you no explanation. I'm just here looking for... a friend." Her expression softened and her glare dissipated as she glanced back over at the city. "Just a friend."

Clarence's brain yelled at him not to pry, but he had already died once so he was feeling lucky. "A friend? Who?"

"Nobody special. Just a human I met once, several years ago. An interesting fellow. I had some questions to ask him, but even I dare not carelessly wander into the heart of humanity's defenses. Their scanners would pick me up in an instant."

"Ah, so you were just wandering around, looking for a way in?"

She shook her head slowly. "I don't know, to be honest. After seeing the damage he did recently... I just wanted to speak to him. It's probably for the best that we don't speak, after all."

Her voice and gaze were distant as she stared off at the city blankly. Clarence followed her eyes and smiled. "I used to live there, before the Archangel killed me. I was a preacher actually... I ran the Church of Retribution. Millions of people looked up to me... It was a good life, though I was an empty man."

"Empty, hmm? Sounds like you were living the life of a rockstar to me!" Valac spoke up again, the mood from earlier gone and his weird confidence having returned. "I bet women were just throwing themselves at your feet!"

"I won't deny they were, but after a while that lifestyle no longer suited me. In a way, becoming an angel has allowed me to see just how deep my human flaws were. They're still there, of course, but now I prioritize fixing them."

Belial sighed. "This has been an interesting conversation. In any case, whether you're an ally or not, I'm too bored to kill you so I'll leave you as you are. On the off chance you do somehow kill all the angels and gods off, I'll thank you now on behalf of Satan. That man dwells on the past too much... having them all die off would greatly benefit his psyche."

"Well, I'm definitely not doing this as a favor for Satan, of all beings... but I'll accept the thanks anyway. Want to stick around? Marie will be back eventually... I hope."

"Pass. I can't stand the woman. Wish I could forget she even exists, to be honest." Belial waved her hand at him as she turned away slowly. "Also, I'm impressed you managed to control your manly urges so well. Most men can't resist my Succubus aura. You have an iron will, one that could prove to be formidable if you trained it carefully."

"Thanks, I guess." Clarence averted his eyes as she turned her backside to him while walking away. "Is it really necessary to wear so few clothes, though?"

"Of course not, but I'm comfortable with my sexuality. If anything, you should learn to embrace your own. Your life would be dramatically improved as a result. Take care, Clarence... we'll be seeing each other again, I'm sure." Belial yawned as she strode away from the pseudo-angel.

Minutes passed and soon she was out of sight. Clarence scratched his head. "What a strange woman. She certainly didn't feel evil though, just scary. Maybe demons really aren't that bad."

"They're not." A female voice made him jump as he quickly turned and looked behind himself.

"Marie! That's the second time I've been startled today. Did you succeed?"

"Mmm. I got in contact with the person I needed to. It seems while I was gone, you had a nice chat with Satan's whore. Can't say I like her, but she's definitely a strong-willed female. I can respect that much about her."

Marie didn't wait for a response as she turned back towards London and began walking quickly. Clarence quickly stumbled forwards and fell into line beside her. "What's your plan, then?"

If Marie noticed the change of subject, she didn't seem to care in the slightest. "You're a preacher who holds sway over millions of people that worship the gods. Their prayer energy keeps the gods alive. Do the math."

Clarence blinked twice as he thought about it. "So... we're going to tell people to stop worshiping the gods? I guess that could work. Without the energy to go on, they will probably die off. How long will that take though?"

"You haven't thought this through as much as I thought you would. Given I was gone nearly a whole day, I expected you to dwell more deeply on your upcoming role in their deaths." Marie chided him angrily and he flinched at her mild barrage. "Put more effort into your brain, Clarence. The gods have stockpiled enough energy that if they merely cull the pseudo-angels and live off what's remaining of the energy stockpiles, they will live for tens of millions of years more. And that's if they keep the few thousand remaining pureblood angels alive. If they kill them off too, then it could be far longer than that. No... we won't be simply draining their energy and taking it from them. We're going to steal it for ourselves."

Clarence cocked an eyebrow. "I beg your pardon... but how are we going to do that? And why?"

"You have to think long-term, Clarence. If we kill off the angels somehow, or we alert them to our presence, the automatic infusion of energy that every angel and pseudo-angel is getting right now will be cut off, and we will die very quickly. By the estimations my acquaintance made, I would perish within two weeks." Marie paused her walking and tapped her wrist. "The gods and archangels devised the automatic resurrection system, but also the system that divvies out energy to all angels and pseudo-angels so they don't die. Pseudo angels get very little compared to the others, so if cut off from the main supply, we would evaporate in a matter of days."

"Makes sense." Clarence scratched his head thoughtfully. "So how do we steal the energy?"

The woman groaned. "You really are thick. It's easy, we'll just get the humans to pray to _me_. You'll convince them that the gods are false gods, and that I am literally Saint Marie. Give them an image of my likeness so I won't be confused with any possible other Marie's up in Heaven, and the energy will go to me."

Clarence instantly frowned. "Why you? Why should I tell them to pray to you? I mean, no offense, but I don't particularly trust you."

"Simple. Nobody will believe you if you tell them it's you, because that will look self-serving. In fact, I estimate at best only half of the congregation will pray to me anyway, even if you give it your all. But that's still a million or more that are giving us solely the energy, and it won't be going to the gods. Over time, we might be able to increase that number."

"Do you even know if this will work? Who says the energy can be diverted to you?"

For once, Marie seemed to enjoy the questioning. It was as if she was proud he was using his brain. "There's a lot to unpack for my plan, but it should work. Think of the prayer energy transfer like a patent system. Most people pray to Jesus Christ, or 'our god who art in heaven'. The gods have taken many different names across thousands of religions over the millennia, so any contemporary figure someone prays to will generally be one god or another in Heaven. However, I essentially have patented myself. If people pray to my name with my face in their mind, I will instead receive the energy. The gods can't take my patent, because I'm still alive. If they can kill me, then they will be able to retake that energy and redirect the prayers back to themselves. I don't plan on dying though, so that won't be an issue."

"Do I have any reason to believe you'll give me some of the energy you receive?" Clarence felt suspicion burning in his chest. This deal was simply too good to be true. If what Belial had said was right, Marie could be quite a convincing liar.

"You have good reason to suspect me, but I won't betray you. The opportunity to destroy the gods has eluded me for my entire life, but this is something I can't waste. If this works, then unlike the gods, I won't have the handicap of having to give energy to millions of other angels, just you and me. Even if only half of the current believers begin praying to me, we will quickly outpace their energy gains with a millionth the consumption. We may become powerful enough to achieve Cosmic class status. But... that's probably a pipe dream."

Clarence tilted his head up and down very slowly. _She's talking a lot more than usual. Somehow, the more she talks, the less I believe her._

"Alright, I understand. Tell me what to do, and I'll do it. However, I don't think we should rush in there right now. We need to plan our movements first. The city is heavily monitored against anyone with a unique energy signature, and even if we're not outright stopped, we're likely to draw unwanted attention to ourselves. Also, if the plan fails and people don't pray to you, the gods might find out our plan, cut us off, and send a legion of angels to kill us. We can't afford to rush this."

Marie started to say something, but then paused. "Actually, that is a good point. This can't be haphazard... I should get some help first." She shot an odd glance at him, almost as if to say _wow, the idiot has a brain after all_. Clarence chose to interpret the look as a compliment.

"There ya go. That sounds like a plan to me." He smiled, but secretly he worried to himself about what sort of help a snake like Marie could get given her current circumstances. It was probably better that he didn't know, if he was being honest.

Marie grimaced as she stared off at the walls of London. "We'll skip this for now. Let's come back once we've drafted a plan and worked out the kinks. For now, we'll go to where I live and hole up for a while. You'll get to meet some interesting characters there."

"Interesting characters?"

"You know. People like Satan." Marie winked at him as Clarence simply smiled nervously. _Let's hope I allied with the right side._
