Part 188:

"The army of heaven is expanding rapidly." Zeus stared at the numbers. "Two million in just a few years. This is unprecedented."

Gabriel nodded as he held Michael's ring in his hands. Michael had 99% of his spirit energy and personality stored here for safekeeping, all part of the plan. Michael's actual body had died during combat with demons shortly afterwards, leaving them to think an important archangel had perished.

However, he had not, as he was safely stored for a future hero's use. "This system truly works out in our favor. The humans are weak, but they make for a good disposable fighting force, and when they die, they become loyal subservient angels, bound to the will of whatever god is king, forever. Their abilities are enhanced, though not nearly as strong as a regular angel's power, and they continue to be powerful pawns afterwards."

Zeus nodded quietly as Raphael spoke. "Essentially, while alive, humans who give their lives to us give us thought energy which boosts our spirit energy, and since they can't make use of it anyway it doesn't harm them. While alive they fight each other and eventually the demons, but when they die, they are added to our ranks, greatly increasing our fighting forces and numbers. On top of that, it works no matter which gods they worship, just so long as they worship a god."

Uzziel rapped a finger on her lips thoughtfully. "That's fine and all, but what of the atheists? There are many humans who don't ascribe belief to any particular god, and some who don't worship the gods at all."

Zeus shrugged. "They are truly useless in our grand scheme of things, but in the end, their numbers are small. So long as they don't grow too big in number, we will continue to bolster our ranks."

Uzziel took a sip of a strange golden drink. "All right. But explain to me again, how does the actual conversion process work? What are the requirements for the process to work in order for humans to become angels?"

Gabriel slid a piece of paper over to her. "It's quite simple, really. A human has to worship a specific god, or gods, or set of religious beliefs that point to a specific god. So long as that person dies a believer, and so long as there is a King of Gods currently in power, they will be reborn in heaven as a Neo-Angel. That's really all there is to it. In fact, if humanity gets into an all-out war with the demons and 99% of them die, as they are now, they can fight twice on the battlefield, and the second time around they will be ten times stronger than they were before once reborn as an angel."

Raphael stared at the paper Gabriel had slid towards Uzziel, but he was not reading it. He was merely staring ahead blankly. "I see just one or two flaws in the plan. The first is mass atheism. Should that happen, heaven's numbers would slow to a crawl. The second is an assassination of Zeus and whoever might replace him afterwards. If the demons can keep killing off the King, they would be able to stop the humans from rebirthing as angels. Despite all of this though, we seem to have created an impenetrable wall of numbers."

Uzziel stared at the paper blankly. "Aren't we... invincible now? If we send the humans out to kill as many demons as possible, many humans and demons will die. Then we send in the reborn humans to polish off whoever's left... we win the war."

"We can't do that." Gabriel cut her off. "We require thought energy to live, or have you forgotten? In fact, too many humans in heaven as angels could be a detriment, since the amount of thought energy we receive would be spread out dramatically. If all the humans on Earth are killed, the demons will still win since all they would have to do is wait us out. Archangels have enough energy stored to live for a few eons without dying, but all the lesser angels would die out within a few years. The demons have three victory conditions, but we still have to maintain the status quo to survive, no matter what. And as for the humans? If they eradicate the demons, and then come for us, or if they then become mass atheists, we lose either way."

Uzziel sighed. "You would think being an all-powerful angel would give you an advantage, but I'm beginning to wonder if we're not the weakest of the three races."

Zeus nodded. "Angels are not that strong, to be honest. An average god descended from Titans is far stronger, but an angel possesses a much higher capacity for raw power. As an example, to be blunt, Gabriel is the most powerful being in heaven, thanks to storing a colossal amount of spiritual energy. However, if he were to expend a massive amount of it in battle, he would surely be weaker than I, who can actually regenerate my own energy in much the same way a human does. Gabriel is actually my superior for raw power, but my inferior in average power."

The female angel cracked her neck as she leaned back. "So, what next? What do we do now that we have initiated the resurrection project?"

Gabriel began pacing around in his shrunken body. "The simple answer is that we need to start making a lot of humans very religious, get them to make many children, get them to fight and die in wars, and also get them to kill demons. However, something has been bothering me a lot lately."

"Hm? Bothering _you_? What could be such a problem that you would be worried about it?" Zeus' eyes followed Gabriel as he paced back and forth.

"It's the demons. Their movements as of late are erratic. Ever since the faked death of Michael, they seem to be coming out a lot less often. If they were to wise up and go into hiding, we could continue to get the humans to fight amongst themselves for religious wars, but without an external enemy that would merely last a few thousand, or even a few hundred years. Humans have notoriously short memories. Without constant reminder of the presence of demons, they would soon forget they even exist, relegating demons to myths and legends. And what if, while the humans are killing one another, the unified demonic front builds up their forces and attacks out of the blue? Humanity could die all too easily."

Uzziel sighed deeply. "This seems hopeless. The demons and humans have so many ways they could win, we have none. What is even the point anymore? Isn't there some distant world we could travel to and make some weak willed apes our minions? Maybe we should just take over the human's minds, force all of them to become our subservient followers."

Zeus shrugged. "We've tried. However, the Creator placed an edict on the universe, preventing one from invading another's free will and controlling them. Trust me, if I could take over the minds of the humans, I would have done so already."

Uzziel stared at an empty spot on the wall. "It truly is hopeless, isn't it?"

Raphael smiled slightly. "Yes, child. Now you understand. It truly _is_ hopeless. You are becoming wiser every day."
