Part 275a: A Piece Of Peace

Dosena seemed quite impressed by what I had done. As she and her fellow Volgrim looked around, I could almost taste an intangible feeling of defeat that had changed into something more akin to acceptance.

"To be the loser in a battle, and then have the winner give us a 'prison' like this... you do realize we are enemies, correct?" Dosena glanced over at me from the corner of her eye as we stood side by side.

I nodded solemnly. "We are enemies, yes. But why? Why are we enemies? Why did we have to enter into this war? Don't you find it the least bit odd that we have been killing one another for half a century of my people's time, and not once have we ever sat down and simply _talked_? The only time I've ever successfully talked with a Volgrim without it coming to blows was during my first contact with that scout ship, all those years ago. What happened? Why did we become enemies after such an otherwise neutral discussion?"

Dosena paused as she mulled over my words. "Well, it's true that the discussion itself was banal at worst, but it was... the underlying events. Those are what caused the Volgrim to attack. That is all I will say regarding this matter, anything else is treason towards Unarin."

"Treason, huh? Treason... you know, your beloved leader, brother, commander, whoever he might be... he left you to die. He fully expected you to perish inside that gas, along with all of his fellow comrades. Don't you find that the least bit... disgusting?"

A small scuffle broke out among a Volgrim and a pseudo-angel, which caused them to get in an almost humorous fistfight, but the angel won the fight, decisively knocking out the Volgrim after just a minute. A small crowd of spectators had formed to watch the scuffle, but they dispersed when it ended so quickly. I decided not to interfere, sometimes it was best to let these matters work themselves out.

Dosena grimaced at me. "What do you know of Unarin? Nothing. He unified our people during the time of the Great Wars. After successfully dominating the battlefield with his incredible power, he forged a lasting peace by forcing all Volgarians to submit to mind wipes. None were exempt, save the Founders. But by wiping away our bloodied past, he was able to unify our people under one single banner, allowing us to forget old rivalries... as well as the existence of... well, that would be 'classified', in human-speak, I suppose."

I balked at what she said. "He _mind-wiped_ all Volgarians?! My god... that's just... awful. That's something a dictator would do. I know you're fond of him, but can't you see just how awful that is? He removed their free will, their choices they had made throughout their own life. In essence, he zombified his entire race!"

Dosena's grimace transformed into an outright scowl. "You think him being a dictator is a bad thing? What would you know? For every war the humans have had in their short existence, the Volgrim have had hundreds! Thanks to Unarin's actions, no matter how vile _you_ might think them, our people were able to completely unify, creating a peace that has lasted hundreds of thousands of orbital cycles. While his actions might seem unethical to a primitive, they completed the goal, and prevented millions, even billions more from dying. Of course, humans are mortal, so they would die anyway... but if a Volgrim will live forever due to our biology, then losing one in a war or due to a random act of violence is an awful tragedy."

I decided to flip the script. "So the means justify the ends, then? For your talk of how holy and pious he is, he didn't hesitate to jump into a war with Earth. How many Volgrim have died because of this war now? A hundred million? More? Less? Where do you draw the line? And for being a peace loving race for millions of years or whatever, you still seem to have an awful lot of military technology. Seems to me like he's ready to pacify his entire population should they ever revolt."

Dosena's anger faltered. "Well, that is to say... he told you of our star, and how it would soon explode. Losing a few hundred million Volgrim is nothing. Soon, if we can't find a new home for our people, all of them will die. Only those able to survive by fleeing onto spaceships will survive, and the fuel and alloys needed are quite scarce on Volgarius. Especially since we spent a lot of material creating the- err, well, that's not important."

Dosena seemed to be hiding many secrets. Sometimes she would seem to bring up something important, then quickly bury it. My telepathy was unable to penetrate her fierce mental barriers, so I could only guess at what she was playing at.

"...Right. Still, it's interesting to learn more about your people. I hope you understand that I'm not the enemy you think I am, and perhaps we can come to a mutual understanding. You're still going to be imprisoned here, and I've put a seal on this place so nobody aside from myself can create a portal here, but you're in no danger of your resources running out or the planet dying. You'll be able to live comfortably here... and as for the rest of your people, perhaps I can use what you've told me to find a resolution so we can end this war."

Dosena turned and looked at me carefully. "That would be... pleasant. An end to the war would allow our people to return to doing what we were focused on before all of this happened. We simply wish to find a new home to live on... a place that will last us for hundreds of millions more orbital cycles. If you could somehow find such a place, you would effectively be able to put an end to this war at a moment's notice."

I smiled at her, an expression I had not deemed any Volgrim worth seeing for decades. "I understand. I'll do whatever I can. Thank you, Dosena."

"Thank you, too, 'Judicator'." The corner of her mouth for a second almost appeared to crack, as she seemed to stifle a tiny smile.

...................................................................

Next I went to where the other two prisoners were. Agares and Samantha. Or Belial, whatever she called herself in this time period.

Having been paralyzed by my clones, they were held in separate rooms. No need for them to be able to conspire with one another. One interesting thing I learned about Samantha from the future was that basically all demons require their mouths to form chants, and their hands to form signs in order to use magic. So by paralyzing their bodies but not their mouths, we were able to effectively stop both of them from using any magic, period.

Agares didn't interest me. I've spoken to him already, and while he might be useful for information, my mind has been ripping itself apart as I thought of Samantha and myself in the future. I don't know what I expected to talk about with her, but hopefully it wouldn't be a waste.

I walked into the room where she was being held. She was lying on top of a rather comfortable looking bed, complete with light, airy covers. Having been teleported to my underground base, it would be fairly simple for Satan to find her if he wanted to, and no doubt he would come looking soon, but I had every intention of letting her and Agares go free... after I'd spoken to her.

I walked in the room and immediately noticed her eyes were following me. She couldn't even move her head thanks to the total paralysis.

"Oh, excellent, another suited man. Just what the doctor ordered." She rolled her eyes and then looked away from me. I noticed that one of my clones had put her in a bathrobe. Knowing myself, he probably used word magic to pop her into it, so she wouldn't get the wrong idea.

"Sama- err, Belial. I've been wanting to speak with you for a long time. I'm sorry about the manner in which you're being held, but I thought this would be the only way I could get that passionate temper of yours in check for a short while."

She stared back at me again, her eyes narrowing slightly. "My temper, huh? We've barely even spoken. How do you know anything about me? Did we really fight in the future?"

I nodded slowly as I pulled up a wooden chair next to her bed and sat down, removing my helmet. She seemed shocked that I would reveal my face to her so easily, but I thought it just had to be done.

"Yes. In the future I come from, you and I, err, _clashed_ several times, in a manner of speaking. I wouldn't call us enemies though."

"So what are we then? Friends? As if I'd ever be friends with a human." She blinked slowly as she spoke.

"Huh? You hate humans? I thought you were somewhat fond of humans. Maybe that changed at some point over the next hundred million years..." My voice trailed off as I realized I had just blurted something out, possibly that I shouldn't have even said.

"Fond of humans? You're an interesting one. Actually, I didn't say that I hated humans. Among demons, I'm probably one of the most moderate. I neither hate nor like them. I've known a few courageous humans, over the years. I was often given missions infiltrating your kind, to seduce emperors and constables and kings, so naturally I met more than most demons would, and I've had some... long conversations with them."

She glanced away again and I could swear for a second I saw her blush. "Actually, there was one man... one human... he wasn't really all that bad. But the stupid mortal went and got himself killed, so it's not like he..." She paused as she swallowed slowly. "Well, that doesn't matter now. Anyway, the fact you seem to know so much about me while I know so little about you is rather offputting. Wouldn't you agree I'm at a disadvantage here?"

I shrugged. "Yes, I suppose so. That can't be helped though. I'm trying to change some important things about the future, but I don't know if what I'm doing is wrong or right anymore. Then there's the matter of... things I would prefer to _not_ change, but that can wait."

"So what are you trying to change then? What is it that you want to even do? Do you have a plan at all?" Her face now held an expression of curiosity. She appeared to be interested in what I was doing.

"I sort of have a plan, but it's... vague. When I announced my presence thirty-ish years ago, I told everyone that I had to prevent the destruction of Earth. It's the only thing that I know will happen. I know a relative timeline of when it will happen as well. That gives me a deadline and a goal. Aside from that, everything else is incidental."

"Well, that's certainly... a goal." She didn't seem very convinced but it certainly sounded crazy to even think of it. "So... do you know how the Earth is destroyed?"

I shook my head. "No."

"Do you know who is to blame for its destruction?"

"No. Probably the Volgrim, but I don't actually know for a fact." I shrugged, since I didn't get any precise information from OMEN. Damn, if only I had pressed him more carefully.

"So you don't know who is going to destroy the Earth, or how they will destroy it, but you know _when_ they will destroy it. You know, that's not going to help you out very much."

Jeez, she didn't tear me apart like this in the future. She certainly had a way of breaking down my goals to make me feel foolish.

"I suppose not. But, then again, if I can get the Volgrim to become allies, or at least stop this war and sign a treaty, that's one group out of the picture. That would only leave the demons as culprits for the destruction of Earth."

She sneered at me, all of a sudden. "Oh _really_? Just the demons, huh? I've got news for you, the demons love Earth. Satan only has two goals himself, which are to destroy all angels and humans, and then to live on the Earth forever, or at least until the sun explodes or whatever. I can personally guarantee you that Satan would do anything in his power to prevent Earth's destruction. If anything, you should look at the angels and gods. Their greed is surely what will destroy this planet."

I shook my head carefully. "No... you're wrong on two things. For one thing, in the future I came from, the angels and gods no longer existed. They were almost entirely exterminated. Only one survived, and a few others were technically alive in special forms, but they were a shadow of their former selves. As for the second thing you're wrong about..."

I paused, as I realized what I was about to say might be a really, really bad thing to let slip... but I wasn't sure of the date it occurred, or the location, so it probably wasn't a huge slip to tell her...

"...well, let me just ask a hypothetical question. Can Satan protect the Earth if he is no longer among the living?"

Samantha's face stared at me blankly for a moment, and then slowly started to change into... a grin?

"Ha... haha... that's a good one. I know you're from the future and all, but if you were somehow fighting me, and I survived, but Satan didn't... well, it's a good joke. There's no way he could die. And if he did, I can assure you, I'd probably kill myself too. Many demons would. Without Satan, we simply would have no purpose."

I stared at her coldly, letting my eyes speak the truth. "Satan dies, some time in the future. You did not kill yourself. I don't know many other demons in the future, but at least a couple other ones also did not. So... you're wrong."

Her expression changed to disbelief in an instant. "That's ridiculous. Have you been telling me nothing but lies this whole time? There isn't a being that could possibly kill Satan. He's developed countermeasures against every powerful foe he's met. Gabriel, Zeus, Raphael, none of the archangels could do it. Even against Unarin, the head of the Volgrim, Satan has crafted many careful countermeasures. Absolutely nobody has the power to kill him. And if they did, he'd surely know of them."I felt my gaze lower, as the thought of that _monster_ appeared in my mind. "I don't know about that. Are you sure, absolutely sure... that nobody could defeat him?"

Her eyes flicked back and forth as she thought of every strong person possible, but she eventually brought her gaze back to me. "I'm positive. I can only maybe think of one who would stand a chance against Satan, but he vanished a long time ago. Presumably to the ether."

_He?_

I felt my inner thoughts digest that single word. A male? Of course I thought of Amelia, the one who had summoned Satan to best me in a battle once. Naturally, she had to have killed him in order to make him her puppet. But then again, since arriving on Earth... I hadn't thought to even once look for her. Was she even alive at this point? She was just a human. Maybe she hadn't been born yet. If I now possessed the white Orb, then the black one must have been out there somewhere, and as a child perhaps she found it, dropped in a battle by angels and demons, and she used its power unwillingly, becoming a cursed demon who roamed the land, searching for souls...

Or maybe I know nothing. Still, couldn't hurt to check. "One moment, please."

Turning away from Samantha, I walked out of the room and closed the door behind me, walking a ways down the hallway until I was well out of earshot of her room. Speaking to the air, I used my wordsmithing. " **Locate.** "

Immediately, my mind spread out across the universe, searching every nook and cranny for the one I sought. Quickly, it discovered her location! She was alive? And her location was in... Chicago? What the hell, she lives in a major metropolitan area?

I felt my heart pound as I thought of the implications of this discovery. Suddenly, I felt a presence watching me, not unlike when I had sought out Satan from aboard my ship.

A terrifying monstrous face appeared in my mind, as a dark dinosaur-like head hazily popped into my mind's eye.

" _Well then, looks like we have an intruder. And just who might you be?_ "

I felt my body forcing itself to respond, but the signal was cut a moment later, as the dark presence shoved me away, cutting off the signal abruptly. What the hell?!
