Part 328a: Revelations

_April 2nd, 2117_

"You're... joking... right?" I felt myself take a step back in horror, my body moving almost of its own accord as my mind was unable to respond coherently.

"He passed away an hour ago. Despite our best efforts, we couldn't save him. He's gone, original."

J3-21 stared at my face with a large blend of sadness and forced lack of emotions, given he knew this would be hard for me to accept.

"How did he... go?" I choked the words up as he stared at me quietly.

"He accidentally electrocuted himself in the bathtub. The good news is that he died instantly, there was very little pain, I'm sure."

"Yeah. That's good news, I suppose. Thanks, Raider." My clone nodded as I mentally switched off the viewscreen.

I slumped back onto my bed as I stared up at my ceiling. A moment later, I smash my fist into the wall out of rage. "FUCK!"

Benjamin Brown was dead. I had thought it was simple, given I had cured him of nano-cancer a few years ago... but then the assassination attempts started, so I gave him a 24/7 security detail of my clones wearing hypersuits all the time. I wouldn't call us good friends anymore, but as Supreme Commander of Earth after Stonewall's death... since that man's toxic attitude towards me was removed, Ben warmed back up and we began to talk more, mending our relations.

One thing was for sure though... he was not the military genius that Stonewall was. We began to loosen the oppressive laws placed upon humanity, only to have demonic terrorism surge a thousand percent in the first year, forcing us to restore martial law.

But through all of that, something began to worry me. It was as if the Grim Reaper himself were after Ben. After I eliminated the nano-cancer, he began to have serious strokes of near-death hitting him, my clones always there to quickly heal him or protect him. The time we put him in a hypersuit for his own safety and it malfunctioned, trying to attack and kill him though... that was the moment I knew something was really up.

I don't want to believe in fate. Yet, it seemed that even after we would save his life, something else would occur that would threaten it again, a few days later.

It was like Ben was destined to die, and I was merely getting in its path.

But of course, when he took a bath and my clones weren't there with him, that was when it would finally happen. Now he was truly dead, well beyond my ability to heal him. My clones had tried, of course, when they found his body... but it was too late. Even my powers had limitations.

Fate... destiny... these are words invented by men who wanted to believe there was something bigger in store for their lives, or perhaps they were dreamed up by others who figured there was no point trying so hard, given you could only work with the cards you were dealt in life.

Myself, I had always waved both away easily. Life is what you make of it, after all...

But now I question that reality. It was beyond bad luck that so many things kept trying to kill him. It was as if the Creator himself wanted Ben dead, and he'd burn no matter what I did to save him.

I turned the viewscreen back on, staring emptily at the news. Seems the demons gained more ground recently, having taken over most of Russia now. They had already taken over Mongolia and were in the process of taking back China.

Who would the humans elect as leader now? Beatrix, maybe? Would they bring her back after her supposed failure a few decades back? Unlikely.

Probably, they would elect some nice-guy who looked pretty and promised to fix their pain. A swap from one ruthless dictator to the next, the difference being that one was obvious, the other subtle. At least I always knew where I stood with Stonewall, even if I didn't like him. With someone who smiles sweetly to my face, it would be difficult to know what they really meant when they said something without reading their mind, which might not be possible these days. After the upper echelons learned that Stonewall had been using Daisy to read their minds, many had begun wearing anti-magic devices to nullify such a possibility.

The more I think about it, the more I have come to realize... there's only one path for humanity. I can't let someone else run it. I won't know if they have humanity's best interests at heart, or their own.

It's time. No more dicking around. The demons are winning, the humans are losing, the angels are barely even players in the war at this point, and I've been busy resting on my laurels, just enjoying my life above the planet where none of it affects me.

No more.

I quickly hop out of bed and glance around the room, setting my eyes on a dresser beside my bed with a false door on its side. Making sure to listen carefully for footsteps, I note that nobody is walking towards my room. Perfect.

Reaching down, I jimmy the door open, pulling out a small black box.

Before I can take responsibility for Earth, there's something else I have to do. It's time to start taking the initiative, rather than waiting for things to happen.

Sarah stares up at her mother with those adorable puppy-dog eyes that her father couldn't normally resist. "Come on, mom! Everyone is going! Please let me go!"

"Scary holo-films give you nightmares. Besides, it won't finish until half an hour before curfew. That's too dangerous." Amy continued stirring the lemon pudding in the big bowl before her as she chided her daughter.

Sarah groaned loudly as she pivoted around in a full circle on her heel. "Mom! That was a long time ago, I'm not a little kid anymore! I'm not scared of any fake holo-film!"

Amy suppressed her own groan. "Of course you aren't. It's a no from me, young lady. Go get cleaned up, your father will be home soon."

Sarah threw her hands up in the air as she pouted and sulked her way to the bathroom. "You never let me do anything!"

Amy just tucked a smile inside of herself as she heard the bathroom door slam shut. A moment later, it creaked open as her daughter's voice spoke out guiltily. "Sorry... didn't mean to slam it."

"That's all right, sweetheart." Amy giggled as the door closed again, but quietly this time.

As the shower turned on, Amy stuck the pudding in the fridge, glancing over at the soup that was just about ready. Vegetable beef, with some steak diced and thrown in for good measure. Jorge would love it.

She glanced down at her watch, tapping it uneasily. It was only ten minutes to 7, and he needed to be back before curfew was in effect. Still, he had government ID, so it was unlikely they would detain him, let alone stick him inside of a facility.

Perhaps.

Amy's smile had darkened now, as she kept glancing out the window, waiting for his hover-jeep to pull in. The sound of the shower squeaking as Sarah turned it off was heard behind her, as Amy quickly glanced at her watch. Seven minutes past seven now. Where was Jorge?

A minute or so later, Sarah stepped out of the shower, perking up as she saw her mother standing at the window. "Where's dad?"

"He's not home yet." Amy tried to force a weak smile, but it didn't come. This was very unlike him to be late.

Sarah shrugged. "Dad can take care of himself. He has a gun, you know!"

"A gun won't do any good against government thugs, sweetheart." Amy bit her lip as she saw Sarah walking away in the window's reflection. Sarah didn't seem worried. Maybe a child's intuition should be trusted. Though, to be fair, she wasn't even thirteen yet, so she didn't know much about the world.

Just as Amy started to glance down at her watch again, a familiar set of lights pulled into the driveway as she breathed a deep sigh of relief.

Jorge stepped out, pausing for a minute to look around before he opened up the back door, hauling out a massive heavy looking box. Amy quickly opened the door and walked out to him. "Did you get stopped?"

He shook his head as he dropped the box onto the ground. It made a dull thud as it struck the pavement. "No. I just, err, had something to pick up."

Amy flicked a curious glance at the box he was holding. "What's that?" She crossed her arms and struck a haughty pose. "Did you get me a present?"

Jorge grinned sheepishly. "Actually, yeah. I know our anniversary is coming up soon, and since we've technically been married, like, 50 years..."

Amy's expression melted as she stared at him. "You're serious? Wow, that's so sweet! What did you get me? I didn't think you'd remember!"

He grinned again as he leaned forwards and gave her a quick kiss. "You'll find out soon. Help me get this inside, we don't wanna be outside after curfew anyway."

Amy nodded quickly as she grabbed the other end, lifting up as he did. "This thing weighs a ton. Is this a full set of body armor or something?"

"Come on, it's a surprise. Don't keep trying to ruin it, honey." Jorge's grin exploded as he saw the curiosity becoming burned onto her face. Amy loved surprises, and was also famously impatient. "Oh, but before we open this, we have to eat first."

Her curiousity turned into annoyance in an instant. "Damn you. Alright, fine, you win this round."

"Indeed. We've got another box after this one, so let's get this done, quick."

...

About an hour later, everyone rubbed their bellies as they glanced back and forth at each other with a smile. Even Sarah's tantrum from earlier was gone, as she and her mom had been eyeballing the box madly from the beginning of the meal.

"Okay, can we open it now, dad? Pleeeease?" Sarah hopped in her seat as she shot another look at it.

Jorge fought madly to maintain his frame. "Nope, you have to help mom clean the dishes first, then we can open it." He sucked down the laughter he had been holding in all evening.

Both women at the table glanced at each other before looking back to him. "The dishes can wait. I want to know what's inside too!" Amy quickly stood up and strode over to the box, finally having reached her breaking point. "Come on, Sarah, help me open this."

Jorge quickly walked over to them, holding out a small pocket knife. "Okay, okay. But be very careful, it's extremely expensive. I had to pull some strings to get it."

Amy cocked an eyebrow at that statement, but said nothing in response. Slicing carefully through the tape that held the edges together, Amy cleanly lifted the top of the box open, noting it was filled to the brim with packing peanuts. "What kind of expensive item ships in an old classic-style cardboard box with these little peanuts in it?"

"One procured through backdoor means. It's legal, but very very hard to get hold of, even for someone in the government." Jorge said nothing else as he let his wife quickly scoop the peanuts out, setting them in a pile on the floor. Those would be a real mess to clean up, but luckily none of the three of them would have to do that later.

She gasped in amazement as her hand hit something with a very odd texture. "Is this... hair?"

"Maaaaaybe..." Jorge lilted his voice slightly as he sent her an innocent smile.

Amy dug more peanuts out as she and Sarah both gaped at the box's contents. "This is... a robot?"

"Android, actually." Jorge smiled smugly as she stared at it incredulously.

"Baby, this is great but... this must have cost a fortune... how could we possibly afford this? They aren't even out for consumers yet."

Jorge nodded knowingly. "I managed to get signed up for beta-testing. Meet the new member of our house... Jerry. I named him that because it's easy to remember, but he's actually part of the upcoming OMEN series."

Sarah watched as her mother pulled the box apart, revealing a strangely androgynous face with realistic looking skin and no visible metal parts. "Dad, what does 'OMEN' mean?"

"I can't remember, something about mechanical neohumans or something. These are going to be used for sending out unmanned probes to distant planets, that way the ships can travel faster than Warp 9 safely. The Exploration Committee will be targeting planets that have a high likelihood of being habitable to cut down on Trifrancium waste."

Amy nodded in amazement. "This is crazy. Aren't there only like a few dozen of these in existence? What are we even going to do with this thing?"

"Oh, that's easy. Part of the beta testing process is that they want to make these mass-producible in order to function properly as members of a household. We'll be having Jerry clean the house up, do the dishes, and maybe even cook some simple meals. Also, from what I've heard, he makes for excellent security, being very hard to damage."

Amy glanced at her husband knowingly. "Oh, I see what you're getting at. You mean we can finally leave Sarah at home alone and Jerry will protect her?"

"Right. We'll be able to take that vacation to Mars I've been promising." Jorge glanced down at his daughter and then back to his wife as a crooked smile spread across his face. "You know, just the two of us."

Sarah rolled her eyes. "I didn't wanna go anyway, it's just some crappy dustbowl."

"Watch your mouth." Amy glared at her daughter, the sexy mood having been killed. Being a parent could be such a drag sometimes. "Anyway, let's flip his switch! I wanna see what he's like!"

Jorge quickly reached back and tweaked a button on the back of the android's head, turning on the central power converter as the robot took a few seconds to grind to life.

"Greeting: Hello, humans. My designation is OMEN M.K. I, Model 16. What are your names?"

I sauntered out into the dining area, where Amelia was sitting all by herself at a table, flipping through yet another book. She seemed to be quite the avid reader, having consumed over a hundred books a year. This time she appeared to be reading The Wizard of Oz, another classic novel.

She instantly heard me walk in the room, even though I had been walking rather quietly. "Oh, you're awake!"

I was at her side within a few more seconds, my long stride clearing the distance in no time at all. "Yeah. Listen... do you remember my friend, Ben Brown?"

Her smile faded away as she detected something was off in my voice tone. "Is he okay?"

"No. He died today. This time, we couldn't bring him back." I felt myself suck in air quickly as a sharp pang of emotion overcame me. "He accidentally electrocuted himself in the bathtub. We didn't find out until a half hour after the fact, so we couldn't bring him back this time."

Amelia's smile was gone now as she stared at me sullenly. "I'm sorry, Jason. I know he was a good friend of yours. You kept your clones with him for a reason, after all."

"I couldn't save him. It... it was like the universe itself wanted him gone."

"Don't beat yourself up. You did the very best you could." Amelia pulled me down to her level as she embraced me, patting my back comfortingly. "I'm sure he knew you were the best friend anyone could have. He didn't die with regrets, Jason."

I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her in close as I fought away tears. It wasn't a manly thing to cry, but I had lost so many friends over my lifetime. Everyone I grew close to would inevitably die.

They would all die... but... I couldn't keep losing people. There had to be another way.

I pulled away from Amelia quickly as I wiped at my eyes. "Listen, Amelia, I wanted to talk to you. Not about Ben, though. I've been... thinking. I've been doing a lot of pondering lately, but his death sealed the deal."

She nodded as she put a hand on my shoulder. "What's on your mind?"

"I've been trying to fight an uncertain future filled with doom, but throughout that, I've also been trying to remember what I'm fighting for. Everyone I know and grow to care for eventually dies. I keep getting left behind."

Amelia shook her head quickly. "That's not true, Jason. Don't think like that. I'm here with you, and so is Helen."

"I know, Amelia. I know that very well. That's why I wanted to talk to you." I felt myself glance away awkwardly before returning back to gaze into her dark brown eyes. "I'm not good with stuff like this, but I need to say it. We've been 'more than friends' for a long time now, for nearly half a decade. We've known each other for way longer than that too. We would never do anything to hurt each other now."

A hint of recognition appeared in her eyes as she looked at me softly. "Jason... what are you trying to say?"

"I'm not good with words, believe it or not. But... I know that after all we've been through and how much we depend on each other that I... I love you, Amelia. Very much. I don't want to lose you."

Her breathing caught in her throat as she pulled back from me slightly, shock in her eyes. "You've... never said that before. Never. You really do? You love me?"

I nodded quickly as I reached behind me and telekinetically yanked the box from the other side of the room into my hand. I had placed it in such a way that she wouldn't see it, and with her eyes transfixed on mine, she didn't even see it flying through the air.

"I do, Amelia. I used to have reservations, but no more. I fully trust you." I glanced down at her neck, reaching with my free hand to caress the cross that I had given to her as a gift many Christmases ago. "You still wear this."

She reached up and touched my hand lightly, pressing it against her neck. "Yes. I never take it off."

"That's good. It's been a long time since I gave you a present." I quickly brought around the box from behind myself as I cracked it open in front of her, revealing a ring I had crafted myself with wordsmithing, one pure white diamond shimmering in the middle.

Amelia froze as she stared at it. "Jason. Is this... is this...?"

I smiled fiercely at her as I spoke the words quietly, dropping down to one knee before her. "Amelia, I love you. I don't want to lose you. I want us to be together until death do us part. Will you marry me?"

Her face remained stoic as she stared at the ring, a silence hanging between us for two very long seconds. I could almost hear both of our hearts pounding as she couldn't seem to tear her eyes away from it.

Finally, she spoke. "Yes! Of course! I love you too! I can't believe it took us this long... t-to..." The smile that had spread across her face wavered for a moment as tears began to form in the corners of her eyes. "I'm crying... I thought... tears only came when I was sad..." She wiped her eyes quickly as she smiled even harder at me. "Jason! I love you too! I can't believe I'm really saying it!"

She leaned forwards quickly, her face meeting mine, as we shared a long passionate kiss. This wasn't like the ones we had shared over the last few years in each others' arms, this was something different. It had a tingly feeling and an exciting new meaning to it.

For several seconds, we expressed our emotions in the most primal way two people could. It was passionate, and thrilling at the same time!

Finally, we peeled apart as I blinked somberly. "Here. Let me put it on your hand." I fumbled clumsily with it for a moment as she giggled excitedly, but it was on in the blink of an eye, and she marveled at it.

"It's so beautiful."

"I made it myself, just for you." I felt my smile fade slightly as something new came to mind. "Listen, Amelia. I've never lied to you, but I haven't fully told you the truth about myself. I haven't told you about my powers, or how they work. It's not fair, now that I know your secret. I won't hide anything from you anymore. It's time I told you how it all works."

Amelia's grin widened at my words. "Really?! You'll finally tell me?! But... Jason, I already know. I've known for years, you silly man."

I jerked my head back in surprise. "You did? Why didn't you say anything?"

"I was... just waiting for you to tell me yourself. I didn't want to put you on the spot. I just... I didn't think we would ever be in a situation like this."

I swallowed heavily as I took in her almost regal beauty, her elegant figure sitting on a simple wooden dining table chair, and how incredibly beautiful she was. Wearing a long white dress, her flowing black hair stood out dramatically against the white backdrop, giving her the figure of... a princess, almost.

"I didn't either. Time changes people, Amelia. From now on, no more secrets. I'm going to tell you everything. We need to be best friends, partners, and lovers. You need to know exactly what I'm fighting to protect."

Amelia licked her lips as she threw herself on me, catching me by surprise as we landed on the floor and she straddled me sexily. "We can talk about that boring stuff later. I'm in a really good mood right now."

I grinned madly at her. "Me too. Your room or mine?"

"I say we just create a new one for the both of us."

"I like the way you think. For now, we'll go to mine though. We can save _that_ boring stuff for later."

Amelia rolled her eyes and laughed. "Oh, you!"
