Part 303a

"Son of a bitch."

Ben cursed as another dropship was blown out of the sky. It had been a mere four hours but the vastly out-numbered Volgrim had been putting up a hell of a resistance. Worse yet, this time he didn't have a super-weapon hidden on his home planet that could conveniently fire projectiles that shredded the enemy into pieces.

But the Volgrim did.

"Their planetary cannons are wiping us out, Ambassador. We have to call a retreat." Ben's first officer shot him a pained look, but Ben ignored it.

"No shit, Sherlock. I already sent the signal for the second wave to start showing up. If we're lucky... those reinforcements might get here in time."

His first officer stifled a flash of rage and instead released a small grimace. "Yes, I'm aware of the reinforcements, _sir_, but with all due respect, by the time they get here, we might be lucky to have a hundred ships left. Probably less than that, even."

Ben nodded as he bit his lip. Shooting a glance over to a holo-screen he had set aside for one specific purpose, he blinked twice as shock and confusion crossed his face. "What... what the hell? Where did the Mothership go? Where is Jas- I mean, where is Judicator?"

His first officer shook his head as he quickly tapped some commands on his holo-screen. "No idea, Ambassador. I haven't had time to follow his movements."

A senior tactical officer spoke up quickly as the look of confusion spread across Ben's face. "I did, sir. He left about 45 minutes ago. Didn't send a message or anything, he appeared to simply... flee. He jumped to Warp 7 back towards the direction we arrived from... back to the portal to Earth." Sitting at his desk on the opposite side of the bridge, the tactical officer quickly turned back to his display, having simply finished his explanation.

Ben nodded slowly as his face went pale. "He... abandoned us? He fled? That can't be... he would never... never do that." Casting his glance downwards, Ben continued nodding slowly. "Yeah... that's it. He must have rushed back to get more reinforcements. Maybe some of his clones or something. Yeah, that _has_ to be why he left."

Ben's first officer shifted uneasily as he heard his commanding officer mumbling incoherently to himself. "Sir, with all due respect, we have a battle to win. Do we retreat, or do we continue to fight? What are your orders?"

Ben righted himself quickly, as he blinked to clear his head. "Yes, yeah. I mean, yes, we fight! We won't roll over and play dead. If the Volgrim want a fight, then by goddamn we'll give them a battle the legends will never forget. We'll change the future, if it's the last thing we do! I won't let Judicator be proven right. I won't let Earth be destroyed!"

The mood shifted on the bridge as the other officers and ensigns picked up on his rush of energy. "Damn right!" A young man chimed in excitedly. "We have Ben Brown, the terror of the West! He's killed a million Volgrim with his own bare hands! We can't lose if he's in command!"

As the crew fired off a round of hurrah's, Ben grinned and nodded sheepishly. _Well, that 'million' might have gotten a bit embellished over the last century, but there's no harm letting them think like that. History will correct the error._

"All right, ladies and gentlemen, let's get this show started! Pull away from Volgarius to a safe distance from their ground bombardment cannons. Blast a hole through their line of ships if that's what it takes. Once we're through, concentrate on their light and midsized cruisers! If we pick off the weaklings, it's less harassment for us to deal with!"

His first officer nodded approvingly. "We still hold a decent numerical edge. It's been working so well for them, I think using their own tactics against them is a solid idea, Ambassador."

As everyone else on the bridge began quickly orchestrating their new strategy, Ben swallowed heavily as doubt began to cloud his mind. _It doesn't matter, really. If we don't get reinforcements, and soon... this can't turn into a victory. Damn you, Jason. What the hell were you thinking, running off like that?_

"This is all of us, then?" I glance around the room, feeling my eyes nearly pop out of my head at the sight. Twenty thousand, five hundred clones of myself... all of them filled up the hangar of the Mothership.

"No, uh, not quite all of us. There's the mole we have shutting down the portals for the demons, and a few on other covert missions that only we can perform, plus a few that are on flights to other solar systems, like the Galactic Exploration Force and their initial exploration flights." One of my clones from the JIB is standing next to me, as he makes a sweeping gesture at a holopad in his hand. "But the number of missing clones is less than two dozen. This is basically all of us."

I nod as I glance around the room. Most of my clones are identical to me in every way, but a few have changed up their lifestyle habits enough to be a _little_ different looking from myself. A noticeable number have anywhere from a small to a large amount of facial hair, some due to laziness in keeping their appearance clean shaven, but others due to deliberately growing out their beards to be different from the crowd. Only a handful are doing _really_ crazy stuff, like dyeing their hair into weird colors, such as purple, red, and green. I'll have to have a chat with those few later to see _why_ they did it.

I cleared my throat loudly to get everyone's attention, though nobody was really talking anyway. "Alright guys, listen up. This is an important day for humanity, as well as us. We all know our main goal, which is to save Earth. We're going to do that ourselves. As I speak, we're losing friends and allies. This is inexcusable. I will accept the blame for this. It's my fault that, up to now, we've been mostly passive observers. Sure, we do things to help humanity, but for the most part, considering our godlike abilities, we've done little to really influence the course of history. That changes today."

All of my clones nodded in unison. It was rather creepy. "We can no longer be passive. This is make or break for whether Earth survives or dies. I've thought about it at length, and now I know what must be done. Total annihilation. Absolute extermination of the Volgrim. This will be the modern equivalent of the Crusades, for us. I'm not pleased that it came to this, but it has to be this way. I, and likely all the rest of you, never wanted us to have to become agents of genocide, but I see no other way to go on."

I was about to continue but one of my clones interrupted me. Interestingly, he was one of the heavily bearded ones. "I understand why you're choosing this path, but haven't you considered that this could be the path that leads to Earth being destroyed? We still haven't determined if we will be the ones to change history, or _cause_ it."

I choked slightly at his words. He's right, of course. I thought the same thing. We all did, at one point or another, whether it be pre-clone or post-clone. "P-perhaps. This may somehow cause the destruction of Earth... but I don't think it will. The Volgrim existed in the future we came from. If we exterminate them, they won't exist, and thusly our future will have definitely changed."

Another clone, a different one who looked identical to myself, spoke up next. "I have had another thought regarding time travel. What if we've been looking at time incorrectly, all along? Perhaps time is not a set of linear events, but a bunch of important events that flow into one another in various ways? What if we had somehow been able to prevent the World Trade Centers from being attacked, or the space debris from wiping out millions of people? Perhaps, instead, another equally bad disaster would have simply occurred later down the line, taking an equal number of people along with it? Perhaps time is like a flowing river, and when we appear, we're just rocks tossed into the middle of it. Time simply flows around us, creating new paths that lead to the same goal."

I shook my head quickly, perhaps too quickly. "No, I refuse to believe that. I believe in free will, as we all likely do. If time must always head towards a specific destination, then we have no free will. We are just pawns in the grand game of the Creator. I can't allow myself to think like that. If we exterminate the Volgrim, time will change dramatically. This is our best chance to save Earth. This has to be it."

"What about the demons? Should we exterminate them as well?"

One of the clones from the attacking crew spoke up. J-498, I believe was his designation? Yeah, he was smoking a cigarette again. I didn't know how to respond, so I simply stayed silent for a few moments as I collected my thoughts. "I don't know, yet. Exterminating the demons would have a more immediate effect, to be honest.... but I don't think even with our combined power we can kill Satan. He's too powerful. Even Amelia... something seems off... it might not be time yet. I think she lacks the power and abilities to kill him as she is now. Something must change for that to happen."

One of my other clones in the front cocked an eyebrow. "You know, speaking of changing the future... I had an odd thought. What if we stopped trying to kill Satan? He's our enemy, but he's also controlled opposition. He keeps the demons in check with a rigid ruleset and power structure. Plus, if he's dead in the time we come from, then keeping him alive would also change the future."

I bobbed my head quickly. "I agree with your assessment. However, it may be impossible to prevent his death. Amelia might somehow gain new power and kill him of her own accord. He might be assassinated by a demon looking to rise in the ranks. Both of these are unlikely, but anything could happen. However, you're right that him staying alive would also change the future, I'm just not convinced that would improve anything for the better in any fashion at all."

The clone nodded silently as he glanced away, deep in thought. It was a familiar expression that I myself had likely made on many occasions, even if I didn't know I was making it.

"Are there any more questions?" I glanced around the room. My clones shook their heads slowly. They had seen the mental image I was projecting. They knew what we had to do.

I don't want to have to do this, but I can't see any other way. This is simply how it has to be.

Turning away, I aim my mind at Harold. "Alright, we're done here. Go ahead and let Amelia back in here, and set a course back to Volgarius. As fast as you can get us there. Let's make this a swift, merciful death."

I stifled a chuckle when I realized the face Amelia was going to make when she saw my clones for the first time. Especially given how many were here. Ah, well... she was going to find out someday at some point, anyways.