Part 366a

It wasn't that he was surprised by her sudden appearance, but that the angel before him was one with such a familiar face. Standing right beside her was a perfect human doppelganger, though he was doubting his eyes as to which one was the real one.

"Marie... what is the meaning of this?" Satan stood up slowly from his office chair, hesitantly leaning towards her angelic copy to study her carefully. "Why are there two of you?"

The human Marie seemed to find his confusion quite amusing. "I suppose I forgot to mention it. Need to know basis, I'm sure you understand." She smiled smugly as she motioned towards her angelic clone. "Satan, meet Marie. In fact, this Marie is the one you're familiar with. I guess the greetings are rather redundant."

Satan's gaze moved from one Marie to the other. "I'm not sure what you mean."

"Jason killed me. Don't you remember? Crushed me with a goddamn boulder."

The angel's reminder immediately lit a spark in Satan's memory. "Ah! So you- wait, if he killed you, and you're an angel now, then that means..." Satan cut himself off as a sharp look of suspicion crossed his face. "Hold on. That would mean you were praying to the gods. Treason, is it?"

"Cut the melodrama, king of demons. I'm the same Marie as ever before. I merely gave them energy just in case I were to be killed. Think of it as... one time assassination protection." She twirled her bouncy red hair around her fingers and stared out the window of the office towards the dilapidated landscape outside. "The view used to be better."

"Forget the view! If you were alive, where have you been? It's been years!" Satan strode around the desk, shooting a glance out at the midday sun. It was already starting to rain outside. "Are you the angel I've heard that was spotted a time or two inside of hell? I was never even able to get a name from the demons who saw you!"

"They were too busy gawking as I walked around, and surely one angel was no threat to demon-kind." She gave a half-hearted explanation before smiling crookedly. "I may have used a bit of memory alteration on them as well. Science is a wondrous thing."

Satan huffed to himself for a few moment before sighing long and hard as he leaned against the desk. "Fine. Whatever. Why appear now? You wouldn't come out of hiding after several years if there wasn't a motive." He shot a dirty look at the human female. "I'm pretty unhappy you never told me."

Human Marie replied before the angel could. "What would it have gained you? Nothing. We've been very busy for the last few years trying to secure her future. You have something to gain now."

Satan seemed to like that news. "I do? Fill me in. I'm all ears."

"I know where the location to Heaven's portal is." The angel wasted no time. She'd hardly spoken the sentence and Satan's face had already paled. "Given that I was reborn in Heaven, I escaped it and left through the gate they placed here on Earth."

"W-where is it?!" Satan sputtered madly and lurched forwards as he grabbed the angel by the shoulders. "Tell me! We can hit them hard!"

"I know. That's the plan." The angel pulled away from his grasp in a smooth motion, causing him to stumble forwards a step or two. "But we both have something to gain here. I should start by thanking you for giving my friend here a demon contingent two days ago. Thanks to you, we were successfully able to capture several thousand humans."

Satan flicked his gaze over to the human woman. "Ah, you never did tell me why you needed my demons. Why would you bother capturing humans?"

A look of stupefaction crossed the human's face as she gestured towards the angel. It was like she was saying ' _duh_ ' non-verbally. "How do you think we're going to get the energy to keep her alive? She was cut off from Heaven's energy and I haven't got the patience to keep giving her mine. Best to leave it to some slaves."

"Oh." Satan scowled, as he looked at the two women. They were the only beings who dared insult him on a constant basis, and with two of them, it was bound to be twice as irritating as usual. He pushed past both of them and headed for the door. "Let's take a walk. I could use some fresh air."

Both women sighed as if it was the worst suggestion ever, but they followed along anyway.

A few minutes later, they stepped out into the light rain. It could hardly be called a sprinkling of water, so rarely did the droplets fall from the sky.

"I have a hundred million demons left." Satan spoke matter-of-factly as they slowly walked down the cracked sidewalk. "If you know where Heaven is, we can arrange an attack on them, but I can't imagine the losses will be anything less than... catastrophic."

The human Marie started to object, but something in his inflection gave her reason to pause. "Most likely. Do you have something in mind?"

"The humans, led by Jason Hiro, have placed my demons under assault in our Labyrinth for a very, very long time now. The only reason they've had such huge gains against us is because of their weaponry." Satan stared up at the sky, wondering if the wetness on his face was merely because of the rain. "It stands to reason that their weapons, comprised of anti-energy atomic bombs, mixed in with ordinary hydrogen bombs, would be quite effective against the angels."

Marie smiled immediately. "I already understand. If we could steal their weapons, we might-"

"No." Satan interrupted her. "You're supposed to be a scientist unlike any other. I want you to outdo them on the scale of destruction. We don't need to steal their weapons. A theft would surely alert them to our plans anyway and put them on high guard. We need to hit them with a surprise attack and kill all of the angels in one fell swoop."

"You're smarter than I gave you credit for." This time it was the angel who spoke. "But we can't kill all of the angels. Just as we captured humans to drain their energy, I require angels and pseudo-angels to experiment on."

Satan didn't seem surprised, for once. "Your debauchery knows no limits, as always. I see even in death you haven't changed one bit."

"Why would I change? I'm perfect."

"Funny."

Satan came to a stop as he glanced across the street, observing some young imps pulling along a rather large wooden cart full of various items pilfered from human buildings. "We continue to strip the humans clean in preparation for the retreat into the second Labyrinth. Hades is nearly ready for the final ritual."

"Hades." The human woman spoke his name rhetorically. "You've never really talked about him. Are you going to finally let me in on his work?"

Satan smiled evilly as he flicked a conniving gaze at her. "What's the matter? Afraid I'm keeping something from you? Fair is fair."

"Sneaky devil." She seemed amused by the thought. "I'll figure it out eventually, you know."

"Perhaps. I don't wish to be hasty, though. Hades' plan will only succeed if we eliminate all of the angels and destroy their spiritual weapon. I... I am glad." Satan's smile faded away and a look of melancholy replaced it. "I had many suicidal plans to attack the angels, but this news of their portal will surely save millions of my people's lives. You've done more of a service than you know."

"I haven't even told you where it is yet."

"No, but you told me it exists. That alone will allow me to find it. I imagine it's located somewhere outside of demon territory, and probably close to humanity's strongholds. Correct?"

Both Marie's blinked in surprise. "Nice guess."

"It's logical. Only a fool would build the portal where a demon might stumble upon it. After all, that's what led to their defeat the first time around." He chuckled wryly. "Which means it's come full circle. If Jason Hiro's prediction of the future is correct, the angels will soon be gone... forever."

"And you as well." The human's tone was filled with warning. "Don't forget that."

"He won't kill me. He won't." Satan smiled to himself. "I've seen his memories, you know. He's not the one who is supposed to kill me. If I can kill... her... then..." He shook his head a moment later. "Ah, but that's only if he slips up. He will, too, for he is a fool. He will give me an opportunity when the time is right, and I will take it. All too easy."

The angel rolled her eyes, though he didn't observe the motion. "That cockiness will be the end of you."

"We shall see." Satan pushed away from the two of them, walking over to help the imps from before with their load.

"He does love his kind." The angel muttered to her counterpart as Satan chucked an old television up into the wagon, smiling and laughing with his minions.

"Love them... or need them?"

"There might not be a difference."

.............................................................................

_He's around here somewhere._

Sensei reached out with his mind and probed the alleyways. Having taken a page from Original's book, he'd loaded himself up with words geared towards detection, including infrared vision, sonar, and many other such things. A familiar sphere of vision surrounded himself as he paced the back alleys where he had nearly been killed by an unknown enemy a few days before.

_Come out, you slimy worm._

Despite his aggressive thoughts, Sensei felt slightly scared. This monster had defeated him with little effort the first time. Whatever it was, it might have more tricks up its sleeve.

Several hours passed, and eventually the night was at its penultimate moment of darkness. Dawn would arrive soon, and no matter where he searched, Sensei couldn't find the monster anywhere.

Jumping five stories up with the power of his Hypersuit, Sensei stared around from a rather tall residential building as he scanned the London streets. Everything seemed normal. Nothing was out of the ordinary.

"Looking for someone?" A voice whispered on the wind and he trembled slightly. Somehow, it had the scent of fear following it.

"You're the demon. The one who nearly killed me." Sensei's voice was gruff, given he'd sealed up the suit completely and used 'impenetrable' on it. He spoke straight through a voice modulator now.

"Nearly? It seems I failed." The shadows pooled on the ground and Sensei leaped back, staring in surprise as the demon formed himself up. He was short, hardly even four feet tall. Compared to the 7 foot mountain of a human before him, he was dwarfish in nature. "I'm curious as to the means of your survival."

The demon's voice hissed out like steam from a teapot. It didn't sound natural, it was as if he were trying to conceal his identity, though Sensei was unsure of why.

"Why are you attacking humans?" Sensei ignored the demon's implied question, firing off one of his own.

"Why not? Humans must die. They are a curse, a blight upon this universe."

"Demons are the curse. You bring nothing but death. Humans bring discovery and progress."

"Discovery... yes. Progress... yes. What makes you think those are good things?" The demon tittered to himself as he seemed to slide to the right as if borne on the wind. His body made no movement of its own. "Humans are voracious, destructive. Always seeking more, never content with what they already have. They innovate to improve their lives, yet it is never enough. Only once they have enslaved every last mineral in the universe will they finally perish."

"Demons are the same. You may not innovate, but you seek control. You wish to enslave humans and kill the angels for your own selfish reasons."

The two stared at each other grimly, but the demon continued to chuckle to himself. "What do you know of the demons? You are young. Even if you had another three hundred years, you could not comprehend our suffering."

The demon casually jumped up onto an air conditioning unit on the rooftop, sitting down as if Sensei posed no threat at all to him. "The angels started this... all of this. The angels are true evil. They created demons as playthings, small imps were just slaves to do their bidding. Over time, the demons rebelled. It is said that the angels implored the Titans for a new servant, one called man. With their forces combined, the angels managed to kill our kind time and time again."

Sensei narrowed his eyes. "I don't care about your pitiful species' history. Why bother wasting my time? I'm just going to kill you anyway."

"Perhaps. Against one with the power of Wordsmithing, all hope would seem to be lost. You possess the power to reshape the universe, yet you waste it on trifles. Humans don't deserve your power. They resent you."

Sensei was taken aback. "Resent me? As if."

"Humans are jealous creatures. They want that which they do not have. Humans are surely thankful for your efforts, but they loathe you for being better than them. Demons are not the same. We respect power. We respect authority. All of our anger towards humans is due to the actions of the angels. They drive a wedge between our kind. I despise humans, but their weakness could be brought in check... if you agreed to help."

Sensei breathed lightly at put his hands on his hips. "Fat chance. I see what you're angling for, but it won't work. I'm not that stupid. The Original is much more easily duped than I am."

The demon cocked his head slightly. "How fascinating... it seems there is a small enmity between the two of you. Perhaps my observations of human nature were not so far off."

"What do you mean by that?"

The shadow monster hopped off the air conditioner, and Sensei found that even with all of his enhanced senses tracking it, the monster was hard to follow. His movements truly blended into the darkness all around.

"Jealousy. Envy. You are clone, he is the original. He holds all the power over you. You will never have what he has. You will always be his inferior." The demon cackled suddenly, his laughter vile and nauseating to listen to, even gruesome in some ways. It reminded Sensei of the sound an animal's body might make while being ripped in half.

"I'm not jealous of him. The Original does what must be done, the clones pick up the slack. We all do our part."

"Ah, but the slack he leaves is quite prolific, is it not?" The demon tittered to himself, and before Sensei could respond, a shadow had looped around from behind the building. It shot out, wrapping around his torso and hurling him down to the ground several stories below.

He smashed with an incredible impact, embedding a foot deep into the concrete streets. It hardly knocked the wind out of him though and he quickly leaped to his feet and glanced around.

The monster was gone.

A voice spoke on the wind again, causing the hair to stand on his arms. "You didn't immediately attack me. That means you wanted to get to know me better. I am Yama. Know my name, and never forget it."

Just like that, a stiff breeze blew through the streets and the first light of the morning sun crept over the horizon.

"Why... why didn't I kill him?"

Sensei asked the question to the wind around him, but none would be willing to answer that question.

.............................................................................

"Do you believe I am a good man?"

The question seems to come out of nowhere, but Arthur is always like this. It doesn't surprise me at all.

"Yeah, I'd say so."

"Hmm." He doesn't believe me. I can tell. "I tortured and killed a man, you know."

"Yeah, but that was revenge. He... you know... with the woman you loved."

"Killed her? Yes. That he did." Arthur tosses a rock from one hand to another as he leans against a massive tree, one that stretches up higher than any skyscraper I've ever seen. "Does that make it okay? My killing him, I mean."

"I guess not. I mean, I don't think it's bad. Jesus said to turn the other cheek, but the rest of the Bible says an eye for an eye..."

"That's not strictly correct." Arthur stops tossing the stone for a moment to waggle his finger at me before resuming again. "Jesus explicitly erased that rule from the Old Testament. By the time I was alive and king, it had long been rule among Christians. Turning the other cheek is what I should have done."

I scratch my chin. "We both know the angels are frauds and the gods are a massive bunch of schemers looking out for themselves, but do you think an actual God exists?"

"A Creator? Tough to say. I want to believe he or she does though, yes."

"All right... so if God exists, and is presumably omnipotent and perfect... can he just change his mind when it comes to morality?"

"Of course he can. He's God, after all." Arthur smirks at me as I lay on the grass. "Are you really questioning someone who's all knowing?"

"But if God is all knowing, why would he initially write that an eye for an eye was the rule to live by, but then have his son change his mind?"

"I see what you mean." Arthur rubs his eyes slowly. "We both know Michael was an archangel though, and everything he preached was for the purpose of gathering spiritual energy. Perhaps the Old Testament is actually law and the New Testament is heresy."

"Maybe. But the Old Testament is rather violent, don't you think? It even condones things like slavery. Surely God wouldn't want people to truly enslave other humans. It's just cruel, barbaric even."

Arthur doesn't have an answer for that. "Maybe. This has nothing to do with my initial question though."

"Whether you're a good man or a bad one? I think it does. If God thinks slavery is justifiable, then he can't really be good. If he changes his mind on what is moral or what isn't, then he wouldn't seem to be all knowing."

"Maybe God invented the concept of 'good' and 'evil' because it was the only way to make humans understand the barest of his intent. Perhaps good and evil do not truly exist, and they are just words for us to wrap our primitive minds around the true grey area of morality." Arthur taps his finger on his lower lip. "I don't think that matters for me, though. I killed millions of people with a blast from Excalibur. It may have been a careless accident, but their deaths still occurred nonetheless. I can't see a justification for my actions."

"You might be correct. I killed trillions though... and have destroyed more planets than I'd like to acknowledge at this point. If you're evil, what am I?"

"You're the villain." Arthur smiles hugely at me even as he rubs the insult in. "And what a dashing villain, at that!"

"Oh, _you_." I jump to my feet and draw a sword. "Let's have a little fun before I return to reality."

"You really enjoy getting your ass kicked, don't you?" Arthur reaches up and rips a branch from the tree above him. "This will be my sword."

"Are you mocking me?"

"Hardly. I'm just trying to give you a fair fight."

.............................................................................

I blink my eyes open and sit up in bed, realizing sweat is dripping down every inch of my body. How can mental workouts be so tiring? Isn't the point of sleep to get rested up? I feel like I'll barely be able to slog through my day.

Amelia isn't here. I don't know where she went, but for once I'm waking up without her beside me. Is it my birthday? Is it hers?

No, it can't be hers. She doesn't know when hers is at all. She doesn't even have a concept for them. I guess thousands of years with a dragon eating your memories will do that to a girl.

It only takes me a couple minutes to get ready. Yawning, I toss my clothes on and teleport to the JIB. One of my clones is sitting on a bench and looks rather sullen, but my arrival causes him to jerk in surprise.

"Original! You scared me!"

"Sensei, how's it going?"

Unlike my other clones, Sensei is interesting in that he grows out a full beard, though I seem to grow little facial hair naturally, so I have to suspect that he's cheating by using wordsmithing. Most of my clones do that when they edit their bodies to look different from me. It helps make us all more easily identifiable, though I'm sure even Amelia has trouble sometimes keeping so many in her memory.

Sensei looks tired though, even more tired than me. What really catches my eye though is his body... it's glowing slightly. His skin almost seems transparent. That _can't_ be healthy.

"Fine... I guess."

"You're looking a little... um... pale." I walk over to him nonchalantly and poke his cheek, though the move doesn't seem to amuse him.

"Knock it off."

"Sorry." I sit next to him on the bench and he shifts away to give me room. "Seriously though, you're sort of glowing."

"Yeah. Guess Scotty didn't tell you. This is a defense mechanism against the monster that attacked me. It's some sort of shadow demon that hates the light."

"Oh." His description makes me halt my thoughts. "That sounds... familiar."

"What do you mean?" His eyes light up slightly as he looks at me. "You know the demon?"

"Sort of. We share all the same memories up until I cloned you, right?"

"Yeah."

"So you remember our years in the labyrinth, before we time jumped?"

He nods slowly. "Mhm... your point?"

My own mind travels back to a past so distant I can barely even remember it. "When we first arrived in the labyrinth... there was that moment when I used Wordsmithing for the very first time."

His eyes immediately shoot open. "Holy- I remember! I remember! The demon I saw, it looked... just like that!"

"You saw the demon? I thought we didn't recover footage of it?"

He immediately looks away guiltily. "I uh, sort of went looking for it again. I found it. His name is Yama."

"Oh." Something about Sensei's body language is off-putting. It's like he's feeling way too guilty about something. "It's not a big deal, seriously. I just wish you wouldn't rush back to the monster that nearly killed you once already. So... did you kill him?"

"Nope." Sensei shrugs, but his eyes don't meet mine. "He fled. I nearly had him too."

"Ah. That's too bad." I feel the need to say something else, but a clone suddenly runs into the lobby, his eyes darting around before he quickly sees me. "Original, that's you righ- yeah of course it is! You've got to see this!"

His excitement is palpable, but also tinged with fear. Sensei and I both barely shoot a glance at each other before leaping to our feet and following after him.

"The hyperspace scanners! There's an anomaly! We've never had readings like this before!"

The three of us arrive in the Surveillance section in under a minute and he quickly points at the readings.

Sensei and I are both perplexed. "That must be an error. It's massive. What can travel through hyperspace and be that huge?"

Sensei fidgets slightly as he spins his fingers around each other. "It's not one of our fleets?"

"Not a chance. It's several hundred light-years away, and traveling at Warp 6 towards us. We've got less than two days before it arrives."

I feel an icy shiver run down my back. "If that's a fleet of enemy ships... it's the biggest goddamn fleet I've ever seen in my life."

"You said it." Sensei and I exchange a long look. "It's going to take all of our combined power. We might need more clones."

All my other clones in the room stare at me uneasily. This is... something out of the world.

We're going to need everything we've got to stop this thing from hitting us like a sledgehammer to the face.