Part 238a:

The ten remaining world leaders sat at the small round conference table, projected via newly created holographic imaging technology. Only one person at the table was there physically, and that was me. The table was part of a recently installed upgrade to the White House, where world leaders could communicate 'in person' visually with one another as needed.

I glanced over at Saburo, the representative for Egypt, who appearing to be fidgeting uncomfortably. He hadn't said a word since this meeting began, other than a curt 'hello'. Compared to Gerald Bonaparte of the British Alliance, who was visibly angry and agitated, Saburo was a meek man with very little backbone.

Gerald turned to me as he finished his summary. "...Two million dead during the battle, another thirty million from the debris that rained down on Earth. What do you have to say for yourself, 'Judicator'? Was this within your predictions for the future? Have we already lost the war before we've even started?" Gerald itched his brown-haired moustache and adjusted his finely tailored uniform, assigned only for the highest ranking military general of the British Alliance. Made of pure black, with gold trim along the edges and a set of pointed shoulderpads, his uniform was decorated not only with the George Cross, but the Victoria Cross as well for his bravery in a number of conflicts that occurred during the Riots of 2017. Having replaced the royal monarchy after their ousting during the riots, he had taken over Britain with an iron fist and expelled the rioters from the streets after they beheaded his king and queen, along with the rest of the royal family. Born of commoner roots, his leadership in the Royal Air Force had allowed him to advance quickly in the ranks to become the top dog, as it were.

I paused as I found myself glancing away from his hardened gaze. "I did not expect these results. I was able to use my special abilities to divert 90% of the wreckage into impacting the moon, but the rest was outside of my power. As for the battle, I don't know details of the future, only a broad over-arching idea of what the future holds. I have... no specifics." I continued staring at the table emptily as the numbers entered my mind. A few million Volgrim died, another million or so escaped, but humanity lost five times as many lives as the Volgrim did. The angels never offered their help, though they likely gained many new recruits thanks to the Resurrection Project.

Gerald glared at me deeply. "Someone has to take responsibility for this. The public is demanding answers. Do you even understand that we just lost half as many people in a single day as we lost during the entirety of World War II?! This is absolutely unacceptable!"

Gerald's nostrils flared as he breathed heavily. Around 40% of the deaths were centered on the African continent, twenty percent in North and South America, and the rest across the entirety of Eurasia, so the entire world was feeling the effects of the destruction. I lifted my gaze to look at a holographic projection of Earth, showing large and small red dots across the globe. Berlin was hit badly, as was Paris, Cairo, and a few other major cities.

"I understand your anger, General. Nobody would be pleased with how this turned out, but we have to power through the next few days. We don't know if or when the Volgrim may return. Next time they may bring a force ten times as big, with ten times the manpower and firepower. Next time, Earth may be wholly doomed."

Gerald's breath came in long deep flaring rasps as he snorted at me. "This isn't a game, time traveler. There are real consequences to the loss of civilian lives like this. Someone has to take the hit to their reputation. Someone has to accept the public's anger. Frankly, I don't like you, not one bit. I've had my suspicions about you since you first arrived here half a decade ago... and you're proving them right. Vague warnings about the future, convenient technology that barely manages to let us escape with our lives intact..."

I narrow my eyes and glare at him, though he can't see it behind my helmet's visor. "What are you getting at, _General_? You keep hinting and poking but won't just say what's on your mind. Out with it already!"

He gnashed his teeth slightly. "Here's a question for you, since you're from the future. You said that somewhere before the 24th century, humanity was wiped out by the Volgrim. That's two hundred years from now. Hypothetically speaking, if you had not come back in time, then when the Volgrim attacked us yesterday, would they not have totally wiped us all out? Without your technology, not even the USA's secret superweapon would have existed. We would have been totally defenseless."

I nod slowly as I digest his words. "I... suppose that's true..."

"Then doesn't it stand to reason, that either humanity somehow survived for two hundred years without your presence, or in fact you are the _cause_ of our eventual destruction? If we could not have possibly survived without your technology against their overwhelming force, then we must already be heading down the path that will lead to our destruction in two hundred years. The other possibility is that when their initial scouting ship arrived half a decade ago, they would have seen that Earth was no threat to them and would have skipped by, ignoring us. Then, perhaps in two hundred years, our technology would have rapidly advanced to the point that we were _finally_ a threat, leading us into a single bloody conflict that killed us all."

He stared at me pointedly. "The way I see it, either one is possible. I don't trust you because either of those routes is a path we might be heading towards. The worst possibility is that neither is correct, and that your arrival in this time and subsequent arming of us with technology we were yet unprepared for advanced the war too rapidly, and they will arrive in a month or so to eliminate us two hundred years **early**! You may have stupidly advanced the erasure of the human species by two hundred years! You may be causing our extinction before we had a chance to see it coming!"

I swallowed hard. He's right. The other people at the table are staring at him in awe... and he might be completely correct. But...

"No. I refuse to believe I have made it worse. I do think it's possible that I might be the reason we all die in two hundred years, but I do not believe that we will die in the next few years. If anything, I believe the USA had the right idea... we need more aces in the hole. We need more superweapons. It's become clear to me that the Volgrim are deceitful, they seek to eliminate us for their own greed. A source of mine has informed me that they need our planet because theirs is dying and they seek a new homeworld. If that is the case, they cannot physically destroy our planet, which gives us leverage. We might be able to use this somehow."

Gerald leaned back in his chair thoughtfully. "Leverage, huh? Good to see you're thinking with your head... for once."

Saburo raised his head up slightly towards me. "Judicator, is it possible for you to broker a peace between our worlds? You speak their language, so surely you could find something that both of our kind want. Perhaps a way to move past the animosity?"

I started to reply but then... something came to my mind. "I suppose it might be possible... but I have one small pressing issue. It's regarding the White House Gala Bombing. Were we able to confirm anything about the attackers?"

Saburo paused tentatively as he reached for a small stack of papers just outside his holographic imaging area, then he brought the papers into view. "DNA results were inconclusive. We recovered some molars, they appear to be non-human but we're having trouble identifying their exact makeup. Most of the biological material in the room basically evaporated when those bombs went off, if you hadn't confirmed the identities of the dignitaries who were assassinated, we wouldn't even be able to identify _them_. It was a brutal scene to clean up after."

I sighed. How did the Volgrim manage to get an assassination team onto Earth? Were they even Volgrim? They certainly looked like Volgrim for the two seconds of footage my suit managed to capture, but that could mean anything. What if they were demons? Perhaps there's a breed of demon that resembles a Volgrim? Come to think of it, what if the demons are already working with the Volgrim to their own ends? I haven't spoken to Satan since the Statue of Liberty incident, and I rarely speak with the angels or gods.

Heck, why haven't they given us help at all? I know they are hiding from the world of humanity for now, but if they let us all die, they won't _have_ a world to hide from.

I sighed quietly. "All right, let's wrap this up. Gerald, since it bothers you so, and I understand your worries, I will go on national TV and take full responsibility for the devastation worldwide. It's my fault this happened, one way or another, so it's only fair this way."

Gerald smirked slightly and then quickly brushed it back to a neutral expression. "Excellent, I'm glad to hear it. A real man takes responsibility for his successes, as well as his failures. The more pressing concern will be rebuilding our forces to withstand another attack. We need bigger and better ships to fight back with, or we will lose badly."

I nod slightly as I pull a small data chip from my pocket and plug it into the holographic table. "I'm uploading the schematics for the Flagship we seized from the Volgrim. At the very least, this ship is titanic in size, with it in our hands, we may be able to defend against an invasion with it alone, if they should return."

"Unless they bring another flagship, or one that's bigger." Gerald waggled his finger at me as he grinned widely.

"Yes... there's always a bigger ship. At the least, we also have detailed schematics on their warp drives now, thanks to the cache of information on board the flagship. We can turn this to our advantage and counter their technology effectively, given time, fighting fire with fire, so to speak."

Gerald guffawed deeply. "Gwahaha! Now we're talking! I will let Beatrix know, and we will prepare for the next battle immediately!"

As the meeting wound down and everyone disconnected, I only had one thought going through my head. _This next battle might also be our last. Let us pray it does not come too soon._
