Part 286a: Christmas

Christmas Day, 2100.

As people living in the United Nation of America gave presents to their friends, children, and grandchildren, something sinister was underfoot. Only the top brass military knew any specifics, but even they weren't sure of the full extent of the conspiracy.

Deep underground, in the heart of North America, in a small remote location previously known as Kansas (Before the uniting of all the states in the 2070's), hundreds of red-skinned figures rushed to and fro, hurrying to finish the final steps before the day was over. This would leave a mark on the humans, one they would not soon forget. The true uniting of the demons and the Volgrim was not yet here, but this was getting close.

And it was all thanks to one traitor among the humans.

Marie Becker walked down a hastily dug passage under an unsettled plain in the place known as Middle America, with two little demon imps scurrying along beside her as they nodded quickly to anything she said.

"They've set the charges correctly, right?"

Marie sighed as the first little imp nodded enthusiastically. "Oh yes, they're all set to go! We quadruple checked and everything! No way we'd do anything to displease Satan, no ma'am!"

"Of course you did." Marie rolled her eyes as she strolled up to the first device. It was a weapon unheard of by humans in the past, but one the Volgrim had used just one time in the past. With two attacks planned at once, this was likely to wipe out the majority of humanity in a single strike. Marie was no fool, of course, she had special tools that protected herself from the Volgrim and Demons, and if they were lucky, she wouldn't have to _use_ them.

She would not be stabbed in the back so easily, as the demons tended to do.

Finally, she walked up to the Seismic Shifter, eying it with suspicion. Of course, the Volgrim had warily stated that it was a marvel of engineering, and doubtless they had created many terrible weapons to use in their wars of the past, but she thought this might be a little bit excessive. If the goal was simply to kill humanity, that was easy enough. But killing them while leaving the planet mostly inhabitable for the Volgrim to take over later? That was a truly tricky feat.

She walked over to tap some buttons on its display, noting with a grim expression that all functions were working normally. Stepping back, she eyed the shiny metallic object, a weapon that would make nuclear bombs look like a play-toy. Shaped like the massive barrel of a gun, its firing mechanism was aimed straight down, where it would do the most damage. Of course, after it had done its job, it would self destruct, making piecing it back together a near impossibility, but she always worried about something.

The Volgrim... they underestimated humanity. Certainly, the Volgrim had, at least for now, vastly superior technology. Naturally they would be the victors in a war of a technological nature, as things now stood. But if one only took a single step back to look at the big picture, humanity was blasting forwards at an alarming pace. They had already established space stations around most worlds in the Solar System. Mars had a population of close to a hundred million strong, with millions moving there or being born there every year. Further, the discovery of exotic materials under the surface of the planet had led to a financial and military boom, giving it defenses to rival that of Earth.

Then, there was the matter of Judicator. No... Jason Hiro. Marie had been right, all those years ago, when she realized he was no ordinary youth. He had heroic abilities that made him, potentially, stronger than any Hero from any past era. The ability to escape a heavily fortified building, leave behind a fake (though unconvincing) cadaver, create hypersuits that could take nearly any level of punishment, fight one-on-one with the First Emperor of the Demons himself and even send him screaming home... that man was not like the previous heroes at all.

Worse, he was still alive. Either due to nano-technology or due to his own abilities, perhaps a mixture of both, the man continued living, putting up a resistance to her every action.

It was damned frustrating.

If old age wouldn't kill him, they had to find another way to get him out of the picture. But then, was that a good idea? What if he was replaced by someone even more powerful?

Heroes had been continuously getting stronger and stronger over the ages. The historical record, the one untouched by the Illuminati, that is, had shown a clear uptick in their abilities over time. Not all heroes were recorded, some died young before their abilities could manifest, and there was still the great 'Dead Zone' in the late 18th and early 19th century when no Hero had appeared at all, but for the most part, they had been on a path towards total unstoppable power.

What were Jason's abilities? He was shrouded in secrecy, and had clearly learned to be cautious revealing his abilities in the future. Still, the evidence was there. Terraforming an entire planet, stopping time for a moment, traveling backwards in time, creating unstoppable battle suits... these were no mean feats.

Something connected these dots, and Marie had vowed she would be the one to figure them out.

Walking away from the Seismic Shifter, Marie grunted with approval. Her team was working on the device over in Europe, and they were very highly qualified, so she would leave that one in their capable hands.

Only a few more hours. Then, the world would end.

Perhaps this would help her on her journey to find what she wanted. Only time would tell.

...................................................................

"Merry Christmas!" I smiled cheerfully as I handed a present box over to Helen. She nodded appreciatively as Harold looked on in my mind's eye. When she unwrapped it, she chuckled as she pulled out a small assortment of items, one of which was a lovely snowglobe, a cozy looking wooden shack with a sleigh flying over the top placed delicately inside of it. Helen shook it around, watching the little speckles of 'snow' flying around. Other items in my present to her included a little heart locket necklace, with a picture of herself and Harold from when they were younger inset into it. I had dug through many records to find it too, it wasn't easy.

As she flipped through her gifts, Helen smiled appreciatively at me. "Thank you, Jason, this means a lot to me."

She, in turn, gave me a bunch of home-made cookies, something nobody was used to anymore since all food tended to be made by robots nowadays. Of course, being unable to leave the ship, she wasn't capable of running down and buying a present from the local store, but that was alright. Cookies are great!

Amelia sulked over on a couch with a view overlooking the Earth. She had been really quiet today.

It's been a few months since the plane trip, but it seems Harold's worries were for naught. Nothing happened that seemed major or catastrophic. A small outbreak of violence in Dubai, an attack on a major city over in Africa, but nothing that truly rocked the world, and all were easily put down by my clones and the hypersuit commandos in the area. The teleportation network had grown quite sophisticated.

I walked over to where Amelia was laying on the couch, as she stared out the plexiglass at the Earth far below us. I had not shown her Harold and had no desire to, but she knew of Helen's existence and simply ignored her. She really didn't seem to like angels very much... likely because she was a creature born of the darkness.

Walking over to her, I sat down on the edge of the couch and poked her in the arm. Slowly, she tilted her head towards me, her face showing she was deep in thought. "What?"

"Here, Amelia. I got you a present. You know, since we're friends."

I reached over and held the small red box in my hands, waiting for her to take it. She simply rolled her eyes and turned away from me. "I don't want any presents. Holidays are stupid. I'm not a little kid."

I coughed slightly at her rudeness, but grinned carefully anyway. "Helen isn't a little kid either, Amelia. Holidays aren't for giving gifts, gifts are just the way we express caring for one another. Go on, take it. Open it up."

Nudging her arm with the box, I held it forwards expectantly. With a slow and quiet sigh, Amelia turned and sat up on the couch, taking it slowly, almost regretfully. "Alright already. Sheesh."

Despite her thoughtless words and terrible lack of manners, I noted with interest that she carefully examined the red box, eyeballing the bow I had carefully tied on top, having home-made every piece of it. Carefully poking and plying at it with her small fingers, she delicately untied the bow and began a slow process of peeling apart the tape without tearing the wrapping paper.

Taking an unusually long time unwrapping her present, I resisted the urge to start tapping my foot as she carefully unwrapped everything without damaging the packaging. Finally, she pulled it out and stared at it emotionlessly.

A golden cross, with a ruby embedded in the center, blue, yellow, and green gems embedded on the edges of the cross, and the whole thing having an unusual twinkle to it, was attached to a black velvet choker to fit snugly around the neck. The cross was small, only a couple inches tall, but quite beautiful, if I don't say myself.

Amelia held it in her palm for a few long moments, staring at it quietly. "A cross... huh?"

I nodded slowly. "Yes. I thought you might like this. Was I wrong? I can take it back if you don't want-"

She interrupted me quietly. "No. This is fine. I've never been given a present before... what do I do with it?"

I beckoned at her neck. "It's a necklace. You wear it around your neck."

She smiled faintly. "Okay. How do I put it on?"

"I can do it for you, if you like."

"Sure."

With a single word, she handed it to me. I stood up and walked behind her, as I carefully wrapped it around her neck. It came with a nice adjustable strap on the back, unobtrusive and mostly invisible. Carefully tightening it up, I heard her swallow and halted what I was doing. "Is this too tight?"

"No. It's fine. I'm just getting used to it. That's all." Amelia was speaking in tightly cut off sentences. Over the last few months, I had begun to notice a behavior pattern she had never demonstrated in the future. Moments of calm and quiet, followed by lapses into child-like behavior, filled with yelling and pouting, and then a reversion back into peace and quiet.

Notably, every time she reverted back to her child-like demeanor, it was always accompanied by a surge in dark energy. She kept mentioning her 'friend', but I was beginning to worry about _who_ that friend was. She had yet to deem me worthy of telling.

Finally, I was done, the necklace attached at precisely the right tightness. I glanced over at the dining table on board the Mothership and noted that Helen was staring at the both of us with an amused look on her face.

Stepping back, I spoke to Amelia. "Well, how do you like it?"

She carefully rubbed her fingers on it, then glanced up at me. "It's nice."

She didn't say 'thank you', but then I wasn't sure if she had ever learned to do that. I certainly didn't want to tell her to say it, that might come off as patronizing. "I'm glad you like it. Merry Christmas."

She nodded at me. "Yes, Merry Christmas, Jason." Following that, she turned back to the window and stared out into space, but now she didn't seem so sullen and sad. She merely sat there, rubbing the necklace I gave her.

Walking back over to the table, I aimed my mind at Harold, still stowed away in his secret room. "Harold. I'm not done with the presents yet. I'm going to come to you and give you something special. I'll bring Helen along with me."

The old man chuckled. "Hehe... a present? For an old fart like me? I ain't got hands to play with anything, you know."

I nodded quietly as I telepathically spoke with him. "I know, but this is special. I've been keeping it a secret from you, because I didn't want to get your hopes up. But now I'm sure it will work."

Helen wasn't a part of our conversation, but she was staring at me as my unfocused eyes stared past her at the ground. She had long ago learned how to tell when I was speaking with Harold, something Amelia might not yet have found out about.

Nodding at her, I tilted my head slightly towards the rear of the Mothership, where Harold was located. Helen blinked slowly as she stood up to walk with me. Turning back to Amelia, I noted that she was still staring out the window silently. "Amelia, I'll be right back. I need to go take care of something with Helen."

Amelia barely even nodded. "Sure."

I narrowed my eyes at her, but shrugged. She just got like this, sometimes. "I'll be back in a few."

...................................................................

It took a couple minutes, but finally Helen and I arrived at the secret wall panel that led to Harold's central facility. Located in a heavily reinforced area of the ship, he was protected from anything resembling a point-blank nuclear blast. I had made this part of the ship 'indestructible', hoping that would protect him in the event a surprise attack wiped out the mothership.

In this room was also a familiar cryopod, which stored an apparent duplicate of myself. I had not yet figured out what the hell to do with this mysterious thing, but I'd eventually work something out.

Walking in, I smiled at Harold's orb, as it was locked into a mechanical vice that would not easily be opened up.

"Alright kid, yer here now. Whatcha got ta show me?"

Harold's old voice betrayed a certain type of eagerness. I had wondered if maybe he'd been spying on me as I made the preparations, but that seemed unlikely. I had carefully blocked him out so the surprise wouldn't be spoiled.

"Harold, aren't you pretty sick of being stuck in that orb?"

His old face shrugged in my mind. "I spose, I mean, I done got used ta it a long time ago, kid. Ain't no big deal now, I 'spose."

I grinned devilishly as I spoke a word. " **Storage.** "

Reaching into my infinite storage, I pulled out exactly what I wanted. A full-sized robotic body, with real-looking synthetic-polymer skin, a face that resembled the picture of Harold that I'd seen in his photo from when he was younger, and fully equipped with all the latest technology brought on by the advances in android research.

"Here it is, Harold! An android body! I'm going to use my wordsmithing to transfer your mind inside of it. The greatest Christmas present of all time! You're going to have a real body again!"

Helen's eyes filled with tears as she looked at the android's body, a figure that seemed to look exactly like the way she remembered her husband. "Oh, Jason... you didn't have to..."

Her tears were those of happiness though, as she realized she might finally be able to see her husband once again, but more 'in the flesh'.

As she broke out into tears and smiles, I noted that Harold had gone quiet and solemn in my mind's eye, as he examined the android.

Harold seemed to eye it, not with suspicion, but with disinterest. His gaze in my mind's eye was something of a man who had grown weary of a great many things. "Kid... this is real mighty fine of ya... but..." He paused, as he searched for words. "...listen, kid. Ya know, I was 'sposed to die, all those years ago. Helen died, I wanted to pass on. Instead, I got stuck in this here orb. But I've gotten over it. I don't know, however, if I wanna be stuck in a machine like that. It's a real good thing yer doin', but this is just... it ain't for me, kid."

I stared at him in bewilderment. "Harold, this machine has everything. It has sensors for your fingers, you can feel touch, you can smell things, you can hear with your own ears..." My voice trailed off as the old man's face had hardened somewhat.

"Kid, it's a real good thing yer doing, and I certainly 'preciate it. But... have ye ever thought about this orb here? How it works?"

I felt my face contort itself into confusion. "Uh... I... no?"

Harold sighed quietly as Helen dried her tears, this time listening in on our conversation. "Listen, this orb, it ain't normal, ya know? Sometimes, I hear other voices in here. There are other people here, Jason. Other humans. What happens if I leave, huh?"

Harold swallowed quietly as his eyes appeared crestfallen. "This orb... it takes souls and sucks them up. Are you willing to make bodies for every person stuck in here?"

I shook my head slowly. "No... I don't suppose I am..."

"Right. Then, kid, don't take this the wrong way, alright? I think I was chosen. God chose me, kid. He put me in this orb, made me smarter, made me think faster, all so I could help _you_. My life is over, kid. Helen and I are only here to help you out. My duty is to help others, that's what I believed as a Christian man my whole life, y'hear? I 'preciate what you done, kid. It just ain't what I want."

He glanced over at Helen. "Unless, of course, mah wife has somethin' ta say 'bout it?"

Helen shook her head sadly. "No, Harold. If that's what you want, you're the man of the house. You do as you please."

I felt frustrated. All that time I'd spent, and he didn't want it? "Well, Harold, you might not want it now, but I'll set it off to the side, okay? Just in case you change your mind."

Harold nodded. "That's a smart idea, kid. It really is the best Christmas present a feller could ask for. Who knows? Might change my mind in the future."

We all smiled and had a little laugh. It was the thought that counted. That's what Christmas was all about, after all.
