Part 416b - Written In Blood

I move the file across each nail slowly, deliberately, each pass a work of art, every movement done with purpose. I am a beautiful, divine being, and performing even the most menial task must be done with dignity and grace. When it comes to my personal hygiene, no expense must be spared, no amount of time considered too great for me to ensure I am always looking my best.

Yama, the short little Second Emperor, an ugly black mass of greed and avarice, walks beside me as we round the last corner to the gate that leads to the entrance of his domain. He has long since grown used to my 'fussy' mannerisms, my carefully constructed sentences, and my lust for perfection in all its forms, so he doesn't object as I file away.

Just as Grylls teleports the guests to our side, I stick the file into my inner suit pocket and bow gracefully. "Esteemed human guests, I welcome you to the Hidden Demon Capitol, Second Emperor Yama's domain. My name is Beelzebub, the Third Emperor of Hell."

The two humans shift nervously in front of us, obviously a little off-put by my stunning beauty, as well as Yama's frightening appearance. One of them I recognize, Jacob Lirik, a scientist at the Rygar nature preserve. He's a pudgy, overweight slob, one who slouches as he walks and mumbles when he talks but is also quite intelligent. Even for a human, I find him repulsive to look at, given his cleft chin and droopy eyelids make him seem like a homeless vagrant.

Unbelievably, despite his hideous appearance, he leads the entire Species Development Division on Rygar and is directly responsible for maintaining genetic disparities and similarities between the different types of animals... whatever that means. I only know this because when I asked him what his job was on the first occasion that I met him, he launched into a ten-minute tirade about how important he was and I nearly killed him for it.

Jacob wipes at his nose and beckons to his companion, who is trying his damnedest to not quake in his boots at the atmosphere the two demons before him give off. "This is a friend of mine, David Jones. He's a Head Supervisor for the Botany and Biology Facility in the southern hemisphere. After I told him about this place, he couldn't wait to come."

Indeed, despite his shaking, there's an intangible excitement in David's eyes. He's as ugly as his senior, with a droopy turkey chin, legs as thick as a small tree, and arms that must wave back at him whenever he greets people. A thin layer of hair coats his face and neck, and faint flecks of drool are visible just underneath his lower lip.

_Humans are repugnant creatures._

"G-good to meet you, mister demon lord sirs!" David thrusts his hand forward, presumably to shake our hands, but neither Yama nor I make any effort to return the gesture.

Jacob quickly shoves David and scowls at him. "They're _emperors_, not _lords_. They're royalty, so they don't shake hands with common folk like us."

_Royalty_. Mmm, I love the sound of that. I relax my posture slightly as the two humans trip over each other trying to praise us. Naturally, Yama and I are emperors, so it's only normal these men should treat us as their superiors. Without exerting any energy I could kill both of them in a single second, and they'd never realize I'd done it.

Yama finally speaks. "David Jones, is it? I'm delighted to see you here. As your friend may have told you, my domain is _private_, only available to _particular_ humans, ones in positions of _authority_. Of course, in order to browse my wares, you must be willing to offer some quid-pro-quo."

David's eager smile slightly fades as he looks at Jacob. "I don't understand... w-what does he want? Perhaps... my blood?"

I secretly smile as Yama materializes a familiar parchment in midair, a _blood contract_. "Something to that extent. This contract guarantees by your own life's energy that you will never tell anyone else about my domain, and if you do, you must bring them here within two days or your life will be forfeit." Yama makes a big show of clearing his throat. "Oh yes, also, if I deem the person you bring to be of little value, your life will be forfeit immediately, as will theirs."

David's smile vanishes completely as he turns to look back at Jacob. "You knew about this? Are you also under the blood contract?"

Jacob's expression is tight. "I am. Unofficially, Yama will give extra benefits to those who regularly introduce him to prominent humans. I took a measured risk. I know you've been lonely, David. Since Yama has acknowledged your value to humanity, that means..." He turns to look at the Second Emperor and nods. "...that my offer is accepted?"

"Only if this one signs the contract." Yama thrusts the paper forward, along with a metal fountain pen. "It is as your friend explained, Mister Jones. You either sign, or both of you die now. It isn't much of a choice at this point, but rest assured, you are part of a secret society. I offer my protection to you while inside my domain, and no harm will come upon you as long as I draw breath. Additionally, women will be at your disposal, as will my food stores."

"You have food here as well?" David's eyes light up immediately, and he quickly but gently takes the parchment from Yama. "Where do I sign?"

Yama chuckles audibly, and even I can't help but laugh, myself. Humans are still simple creatures, in the end. _They're easy to manipulate._

"Simply press the pen into your finger, allow the blood to coat its tip then place your name here." Yama's smoke trickles from his body to form a long finger, then points at the spot on the parchment.

A few moments later, the human has finished, the paper glows with energy, and Yama quickly takes it back, rolls it up, and sends it to his shadow realm to store it for safekeeping. "Welcome to the society of demons, David Locke Jones."

I stroke my chin hair and turn to Jacob. "You've brought us a new convert. As per our rules, you will be granted extra privileges. You may now enjoy the company of two slaves during your stay here, and their quality will go up as well."

Jacob wheezes and shifts his stance. "Ah, that's good... very good. I really only care for one of the girls here, but I guess I can find another. The more, the merrier, right?"

"Yes. I suppose so." I resist the urge to roll my eyes. "Do you have a preference on this outing, or would you rather have us line them up for you, as we did on your first arrival?"

He starts to shake his head, but quickly thinks better of it. "Normally I'd just want to see Melia, but since David isn't used to the whole process, and since I can have a second now, you might as well."

Yama twitches slightly, and a pained look crosses over his face. I quickly find out why when he explains. "I apologize, Mister Lirik. Melia is no longer among the living. I forgot your attachment to that one."

The change in Jacob's attitude is dramatic. It's as if an arrow were bursting through his chest. "What? She's dead?! But... but how? You said nobody could kill the slaves! You said you'd protect them!" He takes a step forward, and for a second a remarkable rage passes over his face, but neither Yama nor myself are intimidated.

"No. I said that if you were to ever kill a slave here, you would pay the price for your actions. This rule applies to all humans who enter a contract with my domain. Believe me, the human who killed her paid the ultimate price."

Jacob's anger quickly fades, and tears well up instead. He bows his head to avert his gaze and wipes furiously at his eyes. "Shit. Goddammit! I liked Melia! She was nice; she always took care of me! This... this isn't fair... she didn't deserve to die..."

Every human that comes to these lands comes for their own reasons, but men like Jacob are a real rarity. They treat the girls with affection and grow rather attached to the slaves... perhaps _too_ attached. Indeed, I remember the times he brought Melia gifts, such as a pillow and blankets to make her bed more comfortable. We confiscated them, of course, once he had left. There's no point allowing a slave to get any ideas about her sense of superiority compared to the others.

Still, this disgusting reject of society held a real affection for her. For a moment, I almost feel sorry for Jacob. That moment disappears as quickly as it came.

"If you would prefer, you can go home and grieve for her death. We will not blame you." I drawl out a generic offering of condolences, and he finishes weeping like a man-child and rubs his shirt on his eyes.

"No, I'm fine. Sorry for ending up like this. Let's go on, David. I need the company of a woman now more than ever."

David pats his colleague on the back, and I use magic to summon a familiar demoness to my side. An old hag appears, looking none too pleased that I used my teleportation on her. "What's the meaning of this? You little shithead! I was busy when you just yanked me outta the-"

"Shut it, Hellga. We've taken the tongues of all the human girls, and I wouldn't test my patience if I were you. I have infinitely less of it for an old bat like you." I snap at her viciously, and she immediately shuts up and waits for my orders. "Line up the serfs. We have a new distinguished visitor, and one of our returning friends would like to see what others we have available."

She nods with annoyance, the rage in her eyes evident, but she dares not question my orders. She might claim to be born of royal blood, but her power is a fraction of even an average demon's. Might makes right among our people, and she lacks the ability to fight back. Such is the natural order of things here.

Before she can lead the humans away, Yama pauses their departure with a single upright palm. "David, due to the incident that resulted in Melia's death, we lack several slaves. Be sure and let us know if you can get hold of any new ones to replace them."

The human nods glumly, and soon he and his friend leave, following closely behind Hellga. Yama sighs. "Jason Hiro... that human has caused so many problems for me."

Yama and I turn and walk down the hallways, meandering back and forth as we head to the front rooms, where the dining hall and Yama's storage rooms are located.

"Look at the bright side though, Second Emperor, and see what you've traded. Danis was a psychopathic torturer, a human that would be hard pressed to find like-minded company among the worst of his kind... or _ours_. He was an Admiral, too, while Jason Hiro is the leader of all of humanity, and most especially their centralized forces. When you consider what we've gained compared to what we've lost, it's a net positive."

Yama doesn't seem so certain. The smoke boils and streams off his body, falls onto the floor, and hisses when it meets the cold black tiles. "Jason is an enigma. He protected one slave girl that he liked, and killed another without remorse. His actions are full of contradictions. He's unsure of what he wants to do. He's confused, lost. Yet, compared with the weakling that preceded him, this new Jason is a threat unlike any before him." Yama reaches up to tap his barely visible lip thoughtfully. "He might interfere with our long-term plans if he switches allegiances. I'm not certain I could kill him without bringing down all of humanity on us."

I reach into my coat and pull out a bottle of cologne, then dab a tiny bit on my neck before slipping the bottle back where it came from. "He's a disrespectful, arrogant little shit, but he's still more in our hands than the previous Jason was."

We stop in front of the door that leads to Yama's storage, and he releases the seal with a wave of his hand. "Is he? The previous Jason witnessed my power and realized that angering demons any more would result in a suicide attack that would threaten the balance of power in the galaxy. He was doing an excellent job keeping his troops at bay for the foreseeable future."

Yama's words send a chill down my spine as we enter the room where he stores his prized possessions. "That attack you speak of... no demon was able to witness it, yet what little we've heard of it from humankind indicates... well, with the power you put on display, surely you are a worthy candidate for First Emperor."

The short black demon's face contorts into a dark smile as he turns to look at me. "I allow Bael to hold that position for the safety of all demons. The humans have seen my power, but they have yet to see Bael's. If they know what I am capable of, and they suppose that Bael is a higher rank than me, then it stands to suggest in their minds that he is even more daunting of a foe than I."

"Clever. But Bael isn't stronger than you. In fact, I think he might be weaker than _me_." I press a finger to my chest to emphasize my point. "More importantly, I find it difficult to believe that you had the power to kill billions of humans all at once. How could you possibly pull that off?"

Yama turns away from me and wanders over to his favorite crystal, the one holding the body of the human female he loves to look at most. I don't understand his fascination with her. "My power is that of darkness, and the more humans I kill, the more powerful it becomes. Had the Supreme Commander not halted my advance with his Wordsmithing, I might have extinguished humanity in a single night."

I raise my eyebrows in interest. "I see. So you killed humans, which drained your power, but the more you exterminated, the more power you gained. A chain reaction."

"The Sirius system suffered a huge blow to their military morale as a result of that night. I am pleased with how it turned out."

Yama lowers his head and whispers under his breath. "And, if it weren't for the help of _that one_... I don't know if..."

"Huh? Who are you talking about?"

I interrupt his thoughts, and he shakes his head at me. "A human wrote a book once, in the time before time. In it, he stated the following: _To deceive your foes, you must first deceive your allies._ " Yama turns back to look at me. “ _Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak._ In time, Beelzebub, you will understand the method to my madness.”

"Are you planning something?"

The Shadow looks at a different crystal, one holding the body of the previous Supreme Commander. "Always."

.............................................

I miss vacations. There was a time in my life when I wasn't a workaholic. I used to be able to enjoy the small things. Going to the beach, riding a Ferris Wheel, blasting through hyperspace for fun. Shoot, I even used to treat the people in my extended family differently, as if they were human beings, and not just moochers out to get in good graces with the Supreme Commander.

I don't know when it all changed... but once it did, that was the moment my life took a turn for the worse, and slowly deteriorated more and more over time. There was a time in my life when I was filled with anger and resentment, always looking for a fight. I crushed the demons and used their bodies to pave a path for humanity. At some point, the anger began to subside, and before I knew it, a million years had passed.

Marie was always there at my side, whispering to me. Was she a temptress? She spoke honeyed words to calm me down, time after time, and eventually a small ceding of control would pave the path to another, and then another... soon, I ended up sitting in an office all day, pressing buttons and grumbling my life away. The only respite I found was with my beautiful wife and the respect of my subordinates. But what did it matter in the end?

My life has become meaningless. I have a power that allows me to control the underlying principles of the universe, and I barely even use it. I'm not a spiritual man, but if God does exist, would he not be angered by my squandering of his gift? _Does_ God exist? Am I... God?

I can't be God. God does not need to speak a word to make His will become reality. At best, I am a pale imitation, a muddied reflection in a broken mirror. Nobody will write a holy book about my life, nor will they bow down before me and praise my eternal power. Should they? All I've given humanity is a mediocre existence, a grim lifetime of strife. Food made from feces, work derived from meaningless button-pressing, and unfounded fears about an enemy that will never become a threat.

...

My consciousness feels so distant lately. I feel like I'm sleeping, yet I'm groggy, as if my body is waking up, but fails halfway through. What led to this? Why can't I just stay asleep or wake up? Haven't I worked hard enough? Can't I ever take a day off?

Footsteps. I near the sound of someone walking toward me. From where?

"Funny. We clashed for millions of years, but in the end, it was not me who defeated you, but yourself."

Who's speaking? His voice sounds so far away. It's as if I'm underwater, and I can only hear his words through the liquid around me.

"I knew this would happen eventually, see. Beelzebub and the others can't understand. It's all part of the plan. You shouldn't blame yourself."

Blame myself? Who's speaking? What's he talking about?

"I'm glad though. You worked hard, all those eons. Nobody ever appreciated you, but now you may sleep. Sleep as much as you desire. You've earned it."

I think I recognize the voice. Is it Yama? How can I hear him?

The footsteps are audible again, but this time they walk away from me. Yama speaks again. "Amelia... always a pleasure to gaze upon you. Someday, my vindication will be upon us. When we crush the humans from within, I will release you. Perhaps then, you will finally be able to accept me."

The sound of footsteps again, first walking toward me, then walking away. Is Yama... pacing? His voice sounds uncertain as if he doesn't know what he's doing.

"Will you accept me, though? Why would you? I've locked you up like an animal. Am I cursed, never to feel your touch? Must we always keep this barrier between us? Perhaps it's for the best. If I could touch you, I don't know what I would do. I doubt my self-control... when it comes to our bond. You saved me, after all, but my feelings are more than that of gratefulness and respect. They're deep as the oceans on your home planet."

He continues pacing. "It _is_ coming, though. The storm that will rend human society asunder. I never wanted war, you know. Satan was the one who wanted humans to die. I held no such moral qualms. He was a psychopath who could never let go of a grudge. You believe me, don't you? I wanted peace. It was he who instigated the war, and Jason Hiro who tried to purge us from existence. I am merely acting in self-preservation."

Yama's voice trails off, and he stops walking. "I wish you could answer me, but you can't. You're trapped in an infinite sleep. I put you there. I... I am... a monster. You could never love me as I do you."

There is silence for several long moments, followed by a choking sound, something I can only assume is... _sobbing_? Is he crying?

I hear the sound of his feet again, this time walking away from me. Just before he walks out of range entirely, Yama pauses. "I'll see you again, tomorrow, same time. Farewell, my love."

A slamming sound fills my ears. He has left, but where has he gone? And who is this Amelia he is talking to?

I'm getting tired again... perhaps I should... sleep.

I deserve the rest.