Part 352a

Realistically... I've killed a lot of people in my life. Many demons too. I've seen a lot of death, and it never seems to end. Without fail, as a famous philosopher once said, 'all beings must eventually die'.

But even I'm not ready for the scene at this military hospital. It turns out the killer struck the same hospital that I painted at, the one where Amelia healed many people. To think that not even a week ago, this hospital was a lively place for those who fought valiantly on the battlefield to recuperate from their wounds before returning to their normal lives... men and women who lost friends and family to the demons, and they were all butchered while they were at their most vulnerable.

The moment I walk in the door, I'm immediately greeted by a small contingent of my clones who are surveying the scene, and their expressions are anything but pleasant.

"Sensei, glad to see you back. This must be Original." One of my clones nods at me, his face pale due to the horrors he's seen. "We all quickly wordsmithed ourselves into a contingent of world-class crime scene investigators, and we've dug up a lot of leads."

"Do you know who did it?" Out of the corner of my eye I notice a body nobody's had the time to wrap up in a bodybag yet. The woman looks like she's been impaled by a ridiculous number of knives, and her face is frozen in mid-scream.

"Sort of. It was a demon, that much we know, but the wounds across all the bodies are... inconsistent."

"Inconsistent? How so?" I ask this and my clone fidgets uncomfortably. He must be one that hasn't seen as much death as the others who fought on the frontlines against the Volgrim.

"It's... hard to explain. Many of the bodies have their necks slit cleanly, but the further we went up the building, the more varied the wounds became. Some people had their heads ripped clean off, others had holes punched in their chests. One man had his entire spine and ribcage ripped out. That was... awful. One of the worst."

"And her?" I tilt my head towards the woman lying on the ground. "Those holes look very unnatural."

"You said it. She's still a mystery. It's like she was impaled by a hundred wooden stakes, the kind you'd use to kill a vampire or something. But there aren't any wood splinters in her body, and all of the wounds happened at the exact same time. She died instantly."

As my clone speaks, I can't help but notice that Amelia looks beyond worried. She seems downright guilty, as if she's desperately trying to hide something.

"Amelia. Any ideas?"

I shoot the question at her and she flinches visibly. Her reaction tells me that there's definitely something going on here. I quickly look back at my clone. "Keep at it. Let me know if you find anything else."

"Sure thing." My clone nods uncomfortably and walks away, leaving Sensei and I alone with Amelia. Sensei's a pretty smart clone, and given he was the first one I ever made in this timeline, I feel a closer kinship with him than I do the others. He also seems to notice that she's hiding something.

"Amelia, is something wrong? You look bothered about something." I kneel down a little bit so I'm not towering two feet over her, and this seems to help her regain a little bit of composure. Why would she be intimidated by me? Even if she's hiding something, it's not like I can slap the shit out of her or something. Without my Hypersuit, she's actually way stronger than me, though I do wonder if she knows that.

"Well, err, it's about the, uhm... the talk we were having." Amelia looks into my eyes and forces the most hollow false smile I've ever seen in my life. And of course, she starts to play with her long hair. She always does that when she has that guilty look on her face.

"Right. The talk. Just spit it out, I know something happened."

She seems to grimace at my words, but I'm not one for dancing around with feelings, and it's not like I'm going to punish her if she did something wrong.

"Weeeeell, you see... that demon that was in the Peeler... I kind of... sort of... found him. And released him."

"Oh."

My mouth speaks one simple word, but my mind instantly explodes with the implications.

"So you... you let him go?"

"Yeah..."

"And he was under this building, in the Peeler..."

"...Yeah..."

"And we have a whole bunch of dead people now."

"Pretty much..."

"And they were killed by a demon."

Her face scrunches up as I say this, but she seems to have a moment of positivity in the face of this catastrophe. "It could be... any demon? Maybe? Not necessarily the one I saved?"

My throat feels drier than usual as I swallow hard. "Somehow I doubt that."

Sensei shuffles awkwardly as he takes a couple steps back and eases away from us. "I'll just... leave you two. You clearly have things to... discuss."

As he walks away, I feel anger boil in my mind, but I stuff it down. "Why did you release this demon? You know demons hate humans! That's like kicking a hornet's nest and wondering why you were stung!"

Amelia crosses her arms and glances to my side, unable to maintain eye contact. "You didn't see it with your own eyes, Jason. The person holding the demon was a torturer... he was barbaric! He hurt that demon badly!"

"Exactly! So if you let the demon go, obviously he'll have a grudge and take it out on whoever is closest! Think next time, Amelia!"

Amelia's voice lowers as she takes a step back from me. "You think this is bad, Jason? Butchering innocents is never good, but what about you? You're dropping nuclear bombs inside the labyrinth, killing demons by the millions, if not billions! Have you ever stopped to think about how this will affect their actions towards us?"

"That's not how it works. The demons have wanted humanity dead long before I arrived on the scene. The difference is that now humans have invented nuclear weapons, and the demons demonstrated they're perfectly willing to use them against us. It's us or them. We can't coexist."

Amelia seems irritated by my words, but she takes a moment to calm down before replying. "Okay, what about the future? You said humans were inside of... bubble worlds or whatever. Isn't that a form of coexisting?"

"Well, sort of. None of the humans had any form of advanced technology. Apparently the demons would come and attack their worlds periodically or something to keep them in line and prevent them from advancing technologically. That's beside the point anyway."

I take a deep breath and exhale slowly as I consider what to do next. "Why didn't you tell me? I could have helped you out."

Amelia curls her hair onto her finger and then back off as she seems to debate a response. "I don't know, honestly. You always treat me like I'm helpless or like you're afraid I'll do something wrong. You act... like you're still afraid of the me from the future you came from. That's not me, Jason."

Despite the horrible scene we're standing in and the solemness of the moment, I feel a smile spread over my face. "Well, I mean, to be fair... you did let a demon loose and he killed a bunch of people. You have to admit that was pretty dumb."

Amelia is trying to resist smiling but she fails as we both finally return eye contact again. "Yeah, I guess you're right. I messed up. Sorry." Amelia immediately frowns obstinately as she quickly waves a finger at me. "But that doesn't mean I did the wrong thing, Jason! I won't let anyone, human, angel, or demon suffer! Torture is not the right way."

My smile fades away as I look at the ground. Truth be told, she's right. Torture isn't good. Now that I think about it, that demon may have committed this specific atrocity out of vengeance for what that torturer did to him. And really, would I prefer that he be tortured to death? Would I want that... for Belial?

Belial... Gregory... while rare, I have known a few demons that were not evil. They allied with me for various reasons, but I never got the idea that they were trying to stab me in the back. As for Satan, can I really call him evil? He's far older than me and has seen things I haven't. From his perspective, humans are evil.

It doesn't change anything, though. I have to kill off all the demons. I just... need to do it quickly.

"You're right. Torture isn't the way. Well, anyway... that demon you saved... do you know anything that can help us out?"

Amelia shrugs. "He was a shadow-walker, and a rather big one at that. His voice was really nasally, but beyond that we didn't talk much. His name was Davook, if that helps."

"I have no idea. Never heard of him." I turn to walk towards the crime scene and Amelia follows along behind me. "Did you guys talk about anything important? Anything useful?"

"Um... well, he did say he hated all humans... I didn't think much of it at the time."

I barely even flinch as she tells me this. "Of course you didn't."

.........................................................

This city was very hostile to non-humans, but luckily Belial was not like other demons. She looked very human, with creamy white skin and no demonic horns like the others of her kind. The only thing that stuck out about her was her cute little tail, of which she was very proud... but still, she had to cover up with far more clothing than she would usually like to be wearing. The tail would just have to stay tucked.

A drone buzzed overhead, scanning the area for non-human lifeforms, and likely demonic and angelic energy patterns. Naturally she possessed a ridiculous amount of such energy so it blared right above her, making her cringe. Even at this time of night, when few people had yet woken up, these damned drones were always out and about.

It took only a few seconds before someone arrived on scene. An enforcer, green level. He was wearing a lot of armor and a mask, but Belial could tell by the way he carried himself that he was a man. After all, he was bigger and more ripped than a female would be... and besides, female enforcers basically didn't exist.

"You! Stop right there!" The man leveled an anti-energy pistol at her, something that would weaken even her to the point of being defenseless. Still, she kept her cool. This was the third time tonight she'd had to deal with this.

Raising her hands above her head, she let her lip tremble as if she was afraid. "W-what did I do, sir? I'm just walking home!"

The man paused as he saw she was a woman. "...What are you doing out at this time of night?" He took a few steps closer but kept his gun trained on her. "That drone flagged you as a demon."

"I-I'm not a demon! I don't even have any horns! Come on, I'm just walking home!" Belial suppressed a laugh as she forced herself to keep a straight face. A little more emotional manipulation and this man would be hers to toy with.

As he walked closer, he seemed to increase his breathing tempo. "W-well, it might be an error... but the readings were off the charts..." Soon he was just a few short steps away, the radius at which her succubus aura would begin to take root quickly.

"Y-you're not going to hurt me... are you officer? I thought men of the law wouldn't take advantage of poor helpless women."

She forced a high pitched tone into her voice, though even for herself this felt rather silly. Still, he fell for it, hook line and sinker. Quickly, he tucked his gun away as an odd smile spread across his face. "No... uh, you're right. Terribly sorry. My name is uh... Jim. W-what's yours?"

"Jim? What a masculine name. You seem like a pretty tough guy." Belial lowered her hands as she slid over to him in one smooth motion, touching his face. The instant she touched him, he had lost. No human male could resist the power of a succubus caressing his skin.

"Wha... what can I do for you to-today?" He mumbled and stumbled over his own words as his smile grew to intense proportions. "Your wish is my command." He reached into his pocket without even looking and pressed a button, causing the drone to fly away without complaint.

"Oh, how I love it when an idiot says that." Belial's tone flattened now that she had already won. "Tell me where I can find the Supreme Commander's residence."

The man's smile faded as a look of guilt spread across his face. What a failure he was, being unable to answer such a simple question. This failure would haunt him for the rest of his life.

"I'm... sorry. I don't know where he lives. I'm just a low level Enforcer. Nobody tells me anything. P-please forgive me!" He quickly grabbed her shirt with a forcefulness that surprised her, as he seemed to be unable to control his lust. "I want you! Let me taste your skin!"

"Get the fuck off of me." Belial's expression darkened as she reared her hand back. A moment later, she slapped him with the force of a freight train, sending him flying backwards and smashing into a wall. Were it not for his armor, the impact would have shattered his spine.

Belial didn't care, however. _Nothing worse than a man who thinks he's owed something of mine._ She straightened her coat's collar as she stared at his crumpled body in disgust. "You'll probably never walk again, but I have no pity for weaklings."

As she walked away, she sighed dramatically. _Three enforcers and nobody knows where he lives. I'll have to aim for someone higher up the chain of command. It's too risky, though... entering their main base. Perhaps if I wait around outside, I'll encounter someone with upper level clearance who knows. The man can't be that secretive._

As she pondered this thought, she heard the sound of several sirens approaching and quickly ducked into an alleyway. _Damn, did that enforcer alert the others? He didn't even reach for a communicator._

Her questions were answered as two dozen vehicles went flying past, including multiple ambulances, all of them not seeing his body crumpled up against the wall. They were all headed in the same direction, causing her to wonder what was going on.

Quickly looking back and forth, she nodded as she saw that there were no other drones in the sky. The one from a few minutes before had already flown off. Rushing forwards, she leaped onto the roof of a small house and dashed after the vehicles, keeping herself on the far side of the houses so pedestrians at the street level wouldn't see her.

Several minutes later, she came to a stop and stared in wonder as the throng of vehicles joined another group and ended up at a hospital. One of its upper level windows had been smashed outwards, fairly recently if these members of the enforcement community were anything to go by.

Belial stared carefully though and was shocked to see the Supreme Commander himself, standing alongside one of his clones and a younger looking woman, probably in her twenties. Well, relatively speaking anyways. It was so hard to tell anymore with all the cosmetic surgeries one could get.

"Valac. Are you awake?" Belial reached into her coat and pulled out the ominous black orb and clasped it in both hands as she hunkered down behind a chimney.

"Duuuh. I don't need sleep, beautiful." Valac's voice appeared in her mind, charming as always. Despite his words, he yawned which made her raise an eyebrow, but she didn't care enough to voice her concerns.

"Any chance you can hazard a guess as to which of those is the real Supreme Commander?"

"Aye, maybe. Sorta. I'm not sure how I'm supposed to tell though." Valac rolled his eyes as his head turned in her mind's eye towards the people in the distance. "Well, of those two, one of them has a way higher energy level than the other. He's probably the real- HOLY MOTHER OF SATAN!"

Valac yelled out loudly and made Belial flinch as she took a step back. "What? What is it?!"

"That girl! My god, what is that _thing_ inside of her? I-it's horrible! Terrifying! A goddamned monster!" Valac seemed almost panicked as he stared at the woman with a horrified expression on his face. "It's not a demon, or a human or... anything I've ever seen! It's just a mass of evil and hatred!"

Belial squinted down to get a better look at the young woman and shrugged. "She looks normal enough to me. Are you sure you're seeing correctly?"

"Hell yeah I am! There's no mistaking it, she has a vicious monster inside of her! And- oh... oh no... we need to leave. Now." Valac's voice went dead quiet, almost to a whisper, as his mental image trembled. "It... it sees me... it sees me, mistress. We need to leave right now."

Belial nodded as she cursed under her breath. The meeting with Jason would have to wait. Whatever Valac saw, it was serious business. He'd never acted like this before.

As she quickly climbed over the building and fled in the opposite direction, Belial glared at the orb in her hands. "I hope you're not messing around, Valac. This isn't funny."

His ashen face appeared in her mind, a blank expression having overtaken it now. "No... no I don't think I can joke about that. It's not from this world. It was... the personification of death itself. Nothing can stand up to... that thing. Not even Satan."

Belial bit her lip as she jumped to another building.

_What the hell did he see?_

.........................................................

Amelia stared up at the house across the street, watching silently as the demon left. Jason was busy talking to the city's mayor, as was Sensei, so neither one of them had noticed... but Levvy had.

"You're sure she saw you?" Amelia whispered, but Leviathan heard her loud as day.

_I did. More specifically, there was something in her hands. It somehow saw me inside of you, and I communicated with it. Nothing verbal, but I assure you whatever it was, it learned the true meaning of fear._

"Let's hope that's the last of them." Amelia finally turned her head back to the conversation Jason was having, now that the demoness was gone. "She felt strong. Even I could sense her power from here. Good thing Jason doesn't know how to sense power innately."

_It's likely she couldn't sense you because Jason was nearby. Out in the open, I'm sure she would have said the same thing of you._

"But the thing in her hands detected you, Levvy. Why is that?"

_It seemed to be a device of an odd nature. Perhaps it is in a similar position as me, a being of immense power trapped inside that orb. As such, it would be able to sense me while the demon female wouldn't._

"Mmm. Let's keep this between us. Jason doesn't need to know."

_Agreed._