Part 106 - Boomstick

We raced down the hallway, as I followed the red dot in my vision that guided me towards the targets. They're close, very close, and there's only a few of them. Perfect, this will make for a great test of the new weapons.

I halted as we rounded the corner and spotted a skeleton commander and 15 skeletons, along with two orcs. These weren't even a challenge for our unit of 30, even without the weapon. I grinned. It's time to have fun.

"Lieutenant Cody, we're ready when you are." One of my men aimed his new toy at the enemies. I licked my lips. Time to enjoy the sight of some dead demons.

"Fire."

The boomstick fired, and a short spear made of metal blasted forwards, instantly impaling an orc, passing through it and ripping off the arm off a skeleton behind it. The other orc leaped back in fright as blood gushed out of his comrade as he fell to the ground, instantly dead.

I quickly loaded the next boomstick bolt, and fired again, this time impaling through 5 or 6 skeletons at once, as they were all grouped up in the hallway. You can't kill an undead creature, but blasting them to smithereens makes it hard for them to attack you if they are completely disassembled.

By now, the other enemies had recovered from the shock and started charging at us. No problem. We get to test out the next weapon.

"Gunther, you're up." I spoke to the biggest man in our group, a towering behemoth of 7 feet tall who barely missed the top of this hall by a few inches.

He gnashed his teeth as he faced down the charging enemies. "ME HATE DEMON MONSTERS!" He bellowed as he adjusted his new gauntlet and charged at them. He's not the brightest fellow in our group, but he's one tough son of a bitch.

Gunther ran forwards, pulling his fist back as he took aim at a skeleton that had raised a sword to swing down and chop at him with. As Gunther swung his metallic arm at the skeleton, he pressed a button attached to his other hand, and a blast of fire shot out the back of his gauntlet, propelling his fist forwards with terrifying speed and power, right smack in the center of the skeleton's skull. His attack was so strong it smashed through the skeleton, and the skull exploded into shrapnel that stabbed (mostly harmlessly) into the other skeletons behind it. A few pieces lanced into the orc in the rear who hadn't died from our initial attack, and he yelped in pain as the bits pierced through his arms and chest.

"Rocket fist" was a fearsome weapon. I'd seen designs for the Mark II Rocket Fist and I could not wait to see that applied in battle as well.

Better yet, the fist was self-reloading, with a total of six shots that could be used in rapid succession. Gunther used all six in the span of ten seconds, as he smashed through the first skeleton, spun using the momentum of his arm, bashed through the skeleton commander with his next shot, then on the third shot he swung his entire metal-covered arm in a wide sweeping arc, which took out 5 more skeletons at once. He moved so fast with the fist that it was hard for any of the enemies to hit anything but air as he darted through them and past them.

Another couple boomstick shots, and all the targets were neutralized.

"Mission complete. Weapons Alpha and Bravo were a huge success. All targets eradicated." I spoke into the communication device that was strapped to my wrist. It used some foreign technology created by the Slayer, but I didn't care how it worked, only that it did at all.

"Fantastic work, Yellow Team. Head back to base for resupplying and rest. This mission was a rousing success. Blue Team will be in the area soon to take out a second group of hostiles." Captain Adams, as always, was on the case. A brilliant leader who somehow managed to lead ten battle forces at once. How he did it, I'll never know.

We crushed the remaining disembodied skulls of the skeletons around us, just in case, and walked off to return to Hero City. A job well done.

...................................................................

Tvoorik shivered in fear as the fleshbags left. I trembled too. When they were finally distant enough that I couldn't hear anything, I whispered, swallowing my fear.

"T-that battle went worse than I th-thought..."

Tvoorik didn't acknowledge my words. He gaped in awe at the bolt that had hammered into the wall behind the first dead orc. "This... this proves my theory... Diablo must be giving these humans new weapons to scare us... we have to report this to the one above him, immediately."

I slapped my face with my hand. "Do you want Belial to kill us?! That lady is nuts! We should just go tell Diablo and let him deal with it."

"No!" Tvoorik rasped at me quietly. "He's the leader of the whole bunch of them! He's giving the humans weapons to consolidate his power over the demons! Don't you see this is all just a ploy to become the first emperor?!"

I rubbed my temples carefully with my claws, as my eyes squeezed shut from the stupidity I was enduring. "Tvoorik... if Satan killed himself because he hated being first emperor, wouldn't you agree it's a crappy position to be in?"

He nodded thoughtfully.

"Then wouldn't you also agree that if the job is that crappy, Diablo couldn't possibly want it?"

Tvoorik paused as my words entered his mind. Slowly, he mulled them over, and I swear I saw a candlestick appear above his head.

"Aha... this proves it! He must want Belial's position as the second, but not actually the first! You're so smart, Ylvusk!"

Somewhere, deep inside the deepest blackest part of my heart, I bludgeoned my friend to death that day. I beat his head in brutally with my own claws and it felt amazing.

This idiot will be the death of me.