Part 262a

First Founder Unarin stared at the demon, no expression visible on his face. Despite this, Dosena could detect anger bubbling beneath the surface with her enhanced psionic abilities. " _Absolutely not_. I cannot agree to that."

Satan sighed as he shrugged his shoulders heavily. "Well, I am simply giving you the offer, Founder Unarin. You may accept or ignore it. But you cannot deny the usefulness, can you? And really, saving the lives of 90% of your people, that must be quite a noble goal to work towards."

"But... a trillion dead... that would be..." Unarin's face was pale as he thought of the consequences. "There is a large difference between being unable to save fourteen trillion lives, and deliberately exterminating one trillion to save thirteen trillion. How do I even choose..."

Satan rolled his eyes. "I don't know, that much is up to you. It took us thousands of years to create our own dimensional space to live in, and the living conditions are hardly ideal. We were only able to do it thanks to our innate connection with thought energy. The only other way to do it is with a mass sacrificial ritual." _Well, perhaps not the only way..._ Satan thought to himself about the human who could wordsmith. That one might be able to find another way, but it would be a bad idea to bring his ability up at a time like this.

Cinculu, the fifth Founder, glared at the demon. "You ask too much, devil. If push comes to shove, we may have to consider this but... unlike in your society or that of the humans, we have no 'dregs' to choose from. All Volgrim contribute to the greater good, all have purpose. To kill a tenth of our people would be to cut off an arm. It would be possible, but far from ideal."

Satan turned his back to the table and leaned his rear against it as he rubbed his right arm's muscles with his left. "As I said before, it's just an option. No need to get so angry." He paused for a moment dramatically as he turned and gazed out the plexiglass window towards the sprawling metropolis outside. "Well, actually, I suppose there is _another_ option, but you probably won't like it either."

"Another option? What is it? What are you talking about?" Dosena spoke up as she eyed the demon with suspicion. None at the table truly trusted him, since all of his 'deals' had awful conditions, but right now he was perhaps their only hope for resolving their world's crisis.

"As you all know, there is a faction on my planet called the 'angels', along with their rulers, the 'gods'. Well, they just so happen to possess their very own dimensional space, which they call 'heaven'. If we were to drag them into the war, you would not only be able to eliminate an important, powerful enemy faction on Earth, you would be able to claim their dimensional space for yourself. At the least, it would be big enough to give a trillion or so of your people housing, and with the proper adjustments, you might even manage to increase its dimensional space further for all of them as a whole."

Unarin rotated his finger in the air slowly as he thought about it. "I see. This suggestion of yours would actually seem to be far easier and with less negative consequences than sacrificing a trillion of my people to create our own space. Why didn't you suggest it first?"

"Ah well, that would be due to time constraints. Pacifying the humans to take over their planet for yourself will be difficult, and Earth won't be able to house more than a trillion Volgrim at its maximum, but in order to take over Heaven, you'll need to pacify Earth and Heaven simultaneously. A tall order, to be sure."

Cinculu eyeballed Satan curiously. "Alright, I'll personally consider this. What do you have to gain if we eliminate the angels and gods? You wouldn't suggest something unless there was something in it for yourself."

Satan grinned evilly as he returned Cinculu's gaze. "How correct you are. For me, I will finally gain my revenge. That's all. If you kill the angels and the gods, I will have finally completed my longest, hardest fought goal. I live only to see this happen."

Unarin nodded as he waved his hand at the devil. "Very well then. Begone, please. I will discuss your proposal at length with my family. We will give you a response... soon."

"Excellent. I can't wait for your reply." Satan snickered quietly under his breath as he made a few motions with his hand, vanishing into the void to return to his own people.