Part 194

I followed behind Marie silently, as she and I walked solemnly past piles and piles of corpses. I lost count of how many lizardmen we walked past, but it must have easily been tens of thousands.

I didn't know any of them, but I could see that Marie, bless her heart, was fighting to hold back tears when she passed by some that stood out. At one point she grunted a single sentence. "Skreegul, he was a good child." She leaned down and touched one corpse before quickly moving on.

We turned and arrived at a strange dark section of the wall, which she tapped in four random seeming places, as the wall slid aside to reveal something familiar looking.

"A teleporter?!"

She nodded. "Left behind from the Energy Wars. Humanity achieved great things, you know."

We stepped on the pad. She pressed a button and in the span of 1/100th of a second, I popped into another room. No dramatic fanfare, no special lights or molecules moving around, just an instant transmission. It was different from the one I'd built for the humans on 'Mars'. Not better, not worse... but different.

We were in a laboratory now. I could tell because it wsas exactly what I'd expect it to look like. What astonished me, however, were all the humans. People in white lab coats walked around, here and there, doing this and that, apparently performing experiments and other various... _sciencey things_.

"Welcome to the Bunker."

I nodded quietly as I gazed around. My mental map was not working at all, and neither was my spatial vision. Only my regular eyes appeared to be working.

It was starting to bother me. "I have a question to ask you, and please don't take this the wrong way. Why is my mental map, which is a part of the Crown of Solomon, not working?"

She snickered. "Obviously, we have employed magic neutralization fields here. All passive effects are rendered inert. Oh, and also..." She turned to me knowingly. "Don't even _think_ of using any wordsmithing here. Or any other magic, for that matter. You will quickly regret it."

I swallowed hard. "H-how do you know about wordsmithing?"

The old lady apparently had a bit of a hard-bitten personality to her. "How, you ask? You go around using your fancy magic to destroy the delicate stable balance this labyrinth had, and you think everyone doesn't know who you are?"

What was she referring to? "Delicate stable balance? Huh? This place had a statue demon that ate people from the cryopods, it had an angel who was being tortured and kept on the edge of starvation, and it has a literal sea of souls in a perpetual hell. How is that at all a delicate balance?"

Marie stopped cold as she whipped around and jammed her finger into my chest. "Now you listen here, and you listen goddamn well, little boy. Things were going fine until you showed up. Humans had stable little worlds to live on, demons had a decent little thing going on with their feudal hierarchies, my precious lizardmen were alive and kicking, Bahamut was doing whatever it is that she does to amuse herself, and more importantly, there were no active wars going on. Thanks to your goddamned MEDDLING, you even managed to release the Lord of Flies from her imprisonment, where she went on a rampage that led to an entire planet of humans being devoured alive."

She sneered at me menacingly. "It's stupid cocky little shits like you that ruin _everything_ by busting in and taking over, when nobody wanted you here, copy that?" She turned around, not bothering to wait for my response as she continued shuffling up the corridor. "Stupid assholes like you are the ones that got us into this place, so keep your mouth shut, and your ears open, fly-boy."

I nodded quietly, as I swallowed and followed along behind her. Come to think of it... she's right. She's totally right. Well, maybe not totally, and I could certainly argue for the good that I've done, but... I've caused a lot of death, destruction, and chaos since my arrival.

Finally, we ended up in a room with weird watery pods that reminded me of the Bacta tanks from one of my favorite science fantasy movie series of all time. Bodies floated in them, lizardmen bodies to be exact. Inside the tanks, I could see Kar, Ghidorah, and a few hundred other lizardmen, all in bad condition.

"Is... is this all that survived?" I openly let my jaw hang as I stared around the room. All of them had oxygen helmets strapped on their front, and all of them looked to be in critical condition.

I paused, hesitantly. "I... I could... I could try healing them, with my magic..."

I started to raise a hand up and she slapped it down. "Idiot! What did I tell you?! Don't ever try to use magic in this place. Besides, you've done _enough_. We don't need your help. These are regeneration tanks, left behind after the Energy Wars. Within a few weeks, they'll be good as new."

I nodded as I stared ahead numbly. What the hell is this place? Was this even inside the labyrinth? Well, can't hurt to ask.

"Is this facility inside the labyrinth?"

Marie rolled her eyes. "Of course it isn't. Where could we possibly find the energy to have as many machines running as we currently do? We're on _Earth_, boy. Don't you know your own planet of origin?"

Again, I gaped with my mouth open. This is _Earth_?!