Part 205a

Alright, what I know of the future is shaky, but I do have some vague details.

First, aliens exist, and they will destroy all life on Earth in the next couple hundred years.

Second, there's a big war, 99.99% of all the angels die, humanity eventually loses, and the demons end up winning. Or the aliens do. Or the aliens and the demons do... I'm not sure, exactly.

Also, there will be an invention of UMI at some point, and if that was truly Marie I encountered, then she likely has something to do with it.

I might be in the past, but I have knowledge of the future. I also have knowledge of my abilities, and others do not. That's a +3 advantage to me.

An idea springs to mind. Cassiel said she wasn't even born until the tail end of the Energy Wars, but Samantha, or rather, Belial, should still be alive.

" _Locate._ "

I trace her position, and am shocked to find that she appears to be in a city here on Earth. Apparently she's over in New York City, though to what end I'm not sure.

Come to think of it, I may have the timeline wrong, but what if Satan is still alive? She would definitely have no interest in me. Beyond that, if I fight him, as I currently am, I will lose. Not just lose, but lose badly.

Still... what if I could get her on my side? Maybe we wouldn't be an... item. But she is extremely powerful.

So many questions, so much time. Luckily, I have a couple hundred years, though the Volgrim may attack soon. I don't know when, exactly.

...

More ideas are coming to me. You know, now that I'm in the past, I need to be a lot more careful, in more ways than one.

" _Mirror_."

A small handheld mirror appears in my hands. If Marie and the others get wise, they'll be able to track me down. However, they have my body, and if they find me like I am now, they'll know that I faked them out instantly. If I so much as am glimpsed by a camera, it would be a real problem.

" _Disguise_."

My face changes shape, as I look into the mirror. It's definitely not my face anymore, but I don't know how to describe it in words.

I aim my hand at my nose. " _Alter_." It gets a little bit bigger, and slightly longer too.

Then my eyes. " _Green._ " No more blue eyes blond hair, I stick out way too much. Then my hair... " _Brown._ "

...My hair barely changes color. It's not a dark blonde. Hmm... " _Brown. Brown. Brown._ "

My hair seems to really resist the change in color but finally, it becomes brown.

" _Mustache. Sideburns._ "

Finally, I look like a completely different man. With all this new hair, my face is suddenly a lot itchier but I'll deal with it.

...

Other ideas are forming. I've never really played with my abilities, you know? I'm like a superhero that has every possible power ever made. Why am I not abusing this?

" _Invulnerability. Immortality._ "

Did it work? I create a knife for myself, and try cutting my hand... it fails. The knife acts as if it's pressing itself against solid steel. WOW! I'm literally Superman at this point.

However, I do immediately notice one small issue. I have lost my sense of touch. I'm unkillable at this point, but having no sense of touch will make me pretty clumsy. I undo the invulnerability and settle for more rapid regeneration. Funny, I tried doing that before, and it didn't seem to do much during my battles. I wonder why that is? Maybe I took too much damage too quickly.

Cutting my hand I once again see that my wounds rapidly heal themselves.

For a moment, I consider changing myself into a lion, or a mouse or something, but then I realize I don't know if I'll be able to speak normally and use wordsmithing in that case. Luckily, I'm not an idiot anymore, so I spawn a clone and give him a simple order.

"Turn yourself into a lion, then turn yourself back into a human."

To my amazement, not only does turning himself into a lion work, but as a lion, he's able to form a guttural sound of "Human" and transform himself back. I repeat the process, and find out that it does not work when he transforms into a mouse, however.

A few more experiments later, and I find that monkeys, certain types of birds (Obviously parrots, but also eagles), bears, and other 'big' animals all work, but not the smaller ones like mice, rabbits, snakes, etc.

When I'm done, I turn the clone back into a human and reabsorb him back into myself. I don't plan on making any more clones now... they're far too dangerous.

After everything is all said and done, I've used up quite a bit of energy. I make myself invisible again and fly off into the sunset.

My first goal: Find out the status of the world. The _real_ status.