Part 066:

"Are you a mighty warrior?" I asked, tentatively.

"Not really. I'm less of a warrior, and more of a... magician." The man grinned as his eyes seemed to rove over his own body. "Not exactly a pure mage or anything, more of a hybrid." His smile widened even more as he chuckled at some joke that I did not understand.

"If... if you are strong, maybe you could help me. Help my people, I mean..." I struggled to find words. I honestly did not want to ask an outsider to fight that horrifying witch on behalf of my people. I might as well have asked him to hurl himself into a volcano.

The man shook his head. "I will not help you or your people. However, Amelia is someone I am familiar with. I will confront her for my own selfish reasons."

He paused, and cocked his head somewhat. "By the way, you mentioned companions. You said you left them behind. Where are they now?"

I glanced behind him. "Somewhere in the direction you came from. By now the path has surely changed... I don't think I could lead you back to them."

The traveler shook his head. "No, that won't be necessary. Give me a moment." His hands furiously manipulated the unseen map in front of him. "Ah, there appears to be a large mass of life forms in this direction." He pointed to the room at the right. What? To go back to my companions, we have to go _forwards_? This place is truly a labyrinth that cannot be solved.

He finished manipulating the map and started immediately walking towards the right pathway. Quickening his step, he suddenly paused, making me stumble forwards and halt to catch my balance. Looking down at the struggling skeleton, who was now frantically clawing at the ground, he smiled another wispy grin. "So, one of you still lived, eh?"

Raising his hand up, he aimed it at the skeleton. I leaped back in alarm, as he suddenly said "Explosion!"

BOOM, the ground underneath him and the skeleton evaporated, as debris flew all over the room. What the hell was that? He shot some kind of energy blast out of his hands. Was this why he didn't require a weapon? I had seen magic before, the most powerful mages in the land lived in the Kingdom's capital. However, they were a drop in the bucket compared to what I'd just seen from him. The most powerful wizard that had lived nearly 200 years ago, Archimedes, had been able, after a day of conjuration, to summon a windstorm that drove out barbarians from the lands they had invaded. When it was all said and done, that was his final great act, and he passed away due to exhaustion and spiritual overload.

And when it all came down to it, I now believed I am witnessing a man who could easily best Archimedes in a magic duel. He had cast his spell so fast and efficiently that I don't think it even affected him. Archimedes had always taken time to cast any spell of any large magnitude, and it always took a toll on him. He died at the young age of 35, but his body had aged like he was over a hundred. His skin had hung off his bones, drooping like butter scraped over too much bread.

As I followed the traveler down the pathway towards my comrades, I began to feel hope again. Yes, this one, he might be able to save us. If he fought the Dark Witch, he might just have the strength to put an end to her reign of terror.

He might even be hailed as a hero, just like the holy hero, Joan of Arc.
