Part 187 - Son Of Man

It had taken him many years, but it was finally here. As his friend John dipped him under the water, Jesus arose out of the shimmering flowing pool and saw a beautiful white sparkle of light, almost resembling a dove, quickly and silently fly into his body, absorbing into his soul.

In an instant, everything changed.

Billions of years of memories flooded inside his skull, as all his angelic conquests came rushing into his mind. He was here for a reason. He was here to make a difference.

He thanked John, and stepped out of the river. John mentioned that he had two comrades who might join Jesus on his mission.

Jesus left after that, thinking carefully about what was next to come.

...................................................................

He spoke loudly to the people listening all around him. “You have heard that it was said, ‘Love your neighbor and hate your enemy.’ But I tell you, love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, that you may be children of your Father in heaven. He causes his sun to rise on the evil and the good, and sends rain on the righteous and the unrighteous. If you love those who love you, what reward will you get? Are not even the tax collectors doing that?"

A man nearby spoke up. "But, great priest, Jesus, what of the demons? Are not the demons our mortal enemy?"

Jesus turned to him. "The demons, they are true evil. They seek to take man from the path of good, whispering fear and doubt into his heart. Make no mistake, the demons are the worst beings in the world. However, if a demon should repent of his or her evil ways, you must forgive them. Forgiveness is hardest to do when one has done the unforgivable, but as followers of the Word of God, you must always be ready and willing."

The people around him nodded sagely as he continued on. “Be careful not to practice your righteousness in front of others to be seen by them. If you do, you will have no reward from your Father in heaven..."

...................................................................

Jesus lacked the power that he had once possessed as the archangel, but a small remnant still found itself inside his human form. He stared out over the stormy sea, as a boat tossed and turned in the distance. If he did not go out there, his apostles would likely die.

The Sea of Galilee, it was really just a gigantic lake, but to a boat stuck out in the middle of it during a terrible storm, it might as well have been an ocean.

The wind howled and thunder cracked, as Jesus quietly cast a spell, aiming at his feet. Levitation, a weakened form allowing him to easily walk on the waters. With his very weak abilities, this would be trivial.

Jesus quietly walked out in the middle of the raging storm, as small waves caused by the terrible winds swept across his feet, threatening to bring him down. What he was doing now would be considered a great miracle by people who had witnessed it, but in truth it was less than 1% of what he had originally been capable of.

His original form was locked up in heaven sealed inside a ring for safekeeping. He now was merely a shadow of his former self. But in return for the path he must walk, he would be the one to save the angels, and humans. It was a sacrifice worth making.

Jesus walked out onto the great lake, and on the boat he approached, his apostle Peter gasped as he saw his lord draw near. "What madness is this?! The great teacher walks atop the waters as a god! Surely, everything he has preached is true!"

Jesus smiled, his expression barely visible amidst the roaring winds and crazed waters. "Peter. My apostle. Come out to me."

Peter gaped openly. Jesus stood nearly a hundred feet away from the boat, out amidst the crazed waters. "My lord, surely you jest?! I cannot walk on water as you do!"

Jesus knew, the only way man would ever be able to truly defeat the demons, not the ones in the world, but the ones in their heart, would be to unlock the powers hidden inside them. "Peter, you of little faith, why do you doubt me? Come." Jesus quickly moved his hands as he cast a spell on Peter's feet. The spell would only work if Peter consciously used his own inner spiritual energy.

Peter steeled himself as he stepped off the boat, cursing silently in his mind. To his astonishment, he was able to step foot on the waters, and gingerly, he walked over to his teacher, somehow ignoring the maelstrom blowing upon himself.

"I'm... I'm doing it!" He gasped as he looked up at Jesus, but at that moment, his attention wavered, and his heart jumped into his throat as he fell into the water. Before he could fall past his knees, Jesus was upon him, covering the distance in a moment's notice. Peter had been too scared to notice, but Jesus had moved inhumanly fast, far faster than a mere flesh and bones body should be able to.

"Why did you let your concentration slip? Did you experience doubt, or perhaps overconfidence? Pride goes before the fall." Jesus helped him back up to the ship. As Jesus stepped onto the boat, he glared up at the sky. Waving his hands in the air, he yelled out loud.

" **SILENCE!** "

As his hands finished casting the spell, his words seemed to almost instantly end the storm.

The other men on the ship gasped as they witnessed this spectacle. "Who is this man, that the winds and waves should obey his will?"

Peter stared at the man who was looking up at the sky stoically. "He is the son of god, the one known as Christ and Jesus. He is the one who will save our people."

...................................................................

Jesus ignored the looks of the men around him, as he walked forwards, carrying his cross on his back. Peter stood atop a nearby building, watching in silence, as tears poured down his face. _As my teacher predicted, I forsook him in his most dire hour. I, who witnessed the greatest spectacle of all time, ignored him and pretended to not know him. It is my own fault that he walks these streets._

In another part of the city, a man named Judas snickered evilly as he took the thirty pieces of silver. When he walked away from the ones giving him his reward, he quietly pulled out a small transmission orb. "Satan, it is done as you wished. We have set up the archangel to be killed. He will not be able to convert any more humans to the side of the angels. Their thought energy will be cut off before they grow too strong."

A mental image of Satan's face appeared in the man's mind. "Good. It almost seems too easy, like he wanted to be killed, but no matter. With him out of the picture, our power will only be able to grow further. Our influence among the humans has grown quite large as of late. Even the kings of Judea bow to our will."

Judas nodded, as he scratched his skin. _Oops, my red skin is returning. Better cast a bit of illusion to make sure nobody notices._ Judas quickly cast his magic to hide his true form as he tucked the orb back inside a pocket. His next goal was to make a dramatic exit and pretend to kill himself so he might return to his true master's side.

Jesus continued walking through the town, finally arriving with his cross at the place where he would be left to die. Two other men were already here, slowly moving their own instruments of torture to the correct position so they could be nailed to it. Their guards didn't rush them, as they derived no pleasure from watching other men die slow agonizing deaths, not even criminal scum like these three.

Unlike the others though, Jesus quickly lined his cross up on the ground, surprising some of the guards who watched. "Almost like he _desires_ a quick death." One guard remarked to another.

Jesus quickly, too quickly even, laid himself across the implement, stretching his arms out. He looking knowingly at the guard who had whispered from before. "Do it."

The guard gaped, but then shrugged. "It's on your conscience, not mine." This was how he had managed to explain away the guilt of his chosen profession, by blaming it on those who were to die.

As the guard pounded the nails into Jesus wrists, he marveled that the man did not scream aloud or cry, he merely flinched and gritted his teeth as the nails were driven into his flesh. The other two were quick to follow, though their screams were agonizing to hear.

Finally, the moment of truth. All three were raised up at the same time, as blood gushed and flowed freely from their wrists and feet. The two men on either side of Jesus wept and cried aloud, begging for forgiveness, but Jesus stoically bit his lip until it bled, keeping silent.

The guards stared in amazement at the power of the man they were witnessing. _This one is not like the others_, they found themselves thinking. Finally, they walked away a short distance into a nearby tent. It was the last reprieve of the accused, to die alone, so none would have to watch their pitiful last moments.

As the sharp pain subsided, and only dull, awful throbbing pain remained, along with a long slow painful death, one of the men turned to Jesus. "You... you're the one they call the King of the Jews, is that right?"

Jesus nodded as he stared ahead silently.

"I... I am a sinner. A thief. A terrible man. I did many things that I now regret... am I impossible to forgive? Have I become irredeemable?" The man looked at Jesus, his last moments upon him, but eager for a modicum of forgiveness.

Jesus turned and stared back at the man, his eyes betraying no emotion. "Truly, I say to you, you will be with me in Paradise." Jesus looked up into the clouds. "It... it is done."

The moment he said those words, there was a bright flash of light that emanated from his body for but a split moment. His body sank on the cross, as his flesh corpse sagged in its place. The thief gasped openly. "Guards! Guards!"

The guards came running out of their tent, only to see a pitiful sight. "Ah, what is it, thief? Have you no shame? Must you continue to beg with your last words?"

The thief protested. "No! That man! A light came out of his body!"

One of the guards shoved the others out of the way, as a strange redness seemed to appear in his eyes. "Did you see something?"

The thief nodded with what little energy he had left. "Yes! He was dying but at the last moment, he- KUHH!" Before the thief could finish his sentence, the guard jumped forwards impaling the thief in the chest. The thief watched with his last breath as the redness in the guard's eyes disappeared and they became a normal color again. Then... his vision went white.

...

Suddenly, the thief gasped! He was alive! Not only alive, but surrounded by whiteness all over the place as far as his eyes could see.

In front of him, the son of man stood once again. "Congratulations, thief. You have been reborn. Welcome, to paradise. Your faith in the end was what saved you."

The thief stared around himself in awe. Was this... _Heaven?_

Jesus turned and vanished, as his body instantly reappeared in front of Zeus. Kneeling down on the ground, he spoke five simple words. "The resurrection project... is complete."

...................................................................

The guard stared at the body of the son of man. Unlike the thief who had poured blood from his wound, the King of Jews, as it were, was bleeding water from his stab wound. The guard slowly pulled out the spear as he stared back and forth between the two bodies.

What could it mean? He would have to contact Satan to tell him of this unexpected news.