Part 255a

"You mortals are so vulgar." Satan sniffled in mock disgust as he turned his nose up at me. "Before I rip you to shreds, I have a question for you."

I smirked. "A question? Hit me with your best shot."

"What is the Exodus Project?"

I paused. He was asking me? Gregory had mentioned it in passing earlier today but... I didn't hear any of the details. "I know of it, but what are you getting at?"

Satan smiled broadly. "Ahhhh, my good mood is back. You don't even know what is going to befall your _kind_. This is only the start." Satan beckoned around us at the mountains of human and Volgrim bodies scattered all over Central Park. "There's much more to come."

"You're going to destroy the Earth? You're a monster." I flashed back on the memories of what the doomsday robots from the future had told me. The Earth will be destroyed before the end of the 24th century.

"Destroy this beautiful planet? By no means. But if you don't know what an Exodus is, you won't understand the greater meaning behind why you cannot possibly win today."

I hesitated as I drummed my mind quickly. "That's a book in the Bible, right? I don't get what you're talking about."

"Even if you understood, it wouldn't save you. Even if, by some miracle, you managed to defeat me on this day, you will still lose the war. It has been fore-ordained, and I am not speaking about your knowledge of the future. I will alter that future you care so deeply about."

I glared at him. "I came back in time to stop you. I won't let you do anything to harm humans, angels, the Volgrim, or even your own people. You're a tyrant, and you must be put down."

"A tyrant, am I?" Satan glowered menacingly. "You don't know a thing about me. But I know about you, about all the heroes. They always have one trait they flaunt above all others; self-righteousness. You think you're the 'good guys' and demons are the 'bad guys'. If you would just kill our kind, or kill our leader, we'll vanish like pests under the boot. Life isn't so simple. My people have every right to live in peace. I tried fruitlessly to broker a peace, but the greed of your human generals assured me that they would never give up their valuable land for my people to live safely, so we had to make our own. And soon, the Exodus Project will begin, and this land will be _ours_."

"If you say so. I don't believe for one second that will happen."

"Believe what you want. It's your death that's coming."

An alarm suddenly screamed in my ear as a massive hand shot out of the ground behind me, grabbing me with an extremely strong grip. Wrapping itself around me, I yelped in surprise as it started squeezing with all its might, completely pinning me in place, as I was unable to slip out of it or exert the force needed to pinch myself out of its overwhelming grasp.

"What the hell is this?!"

Satan smirked for a second. "A gift from the thirteenth hero, but enough talk. Now you die."

Satan dashed forwards casting a spell as he moved, his left hand transforming into a super thin blade, thinner than the size of a Rapier. As he dashed forwards, a massive amount of energy built up on the tip of it as he cackled maniacally. "Lady Vivamus, heed my call, the all piercing blade of ire!" He stabbed forwards, pushing every ounce of power he had into his thrust, as the sword somehow stabbed right through my suit's titanic defenses, piercing all the way through my chest and stabbing out of my back through my suit's rear.

I gasped as a small wave of shock blasted through my body. Feeling my ability to resist the massive hand disappear, my knees started to give out.

"Just wait, there's more!" Satan's eyes shot open as a demonic grin overtook him. "Taste the fury of the typhoon!"

All at once a searing pain overtook every spot in my chest as... his knifelike hand... it _exploded_ inside me, as if ten thousand smaller blades leaped out of every inch of the blade inside me, piercing all of my blood vessels and neurons at once, even my heart, liver, and kidneys as well. Then in the next second, they retracted and he yanked the sword back out.

My entire body went limp as I felt my vision horribly blurring. Even with my super fast regeneration, my body couldn't repair this amount of damage.

As I felt myself go limp and the massive hand crushing me, I heard an automated voice alert inside my suit. "CODE RED. PILOT JASON HIRO WILL BE UNCONSCIOUS IN FIVE SECONDS. DO YOU WISH TO SWITCH TO THE UNTESTED CENTURION BATTLE MODE?"

I blinked slowly as I felt my entire body going cold. No other choice... to it... "Yeshh..." I slurred my words as I failed to control my tongue properly. The machine appeared to understand me anyway.

I felt my vision go black as the feeling of death over took me. "AFFIRMATIVE. AUTOPILOT MODE ENGAGED. WARNING, SAFETY PROTOCOLS ARE NOT..."

My mind went blank as I witnessed the last thing I would likely ever hear.