Part 438c - Surprise

The girls and I emerge from the Voldarian portal and step onto our ship's bridge, with Ionis popping through a second later. I seal the portal up and sigh. "I'm going to miss the feeling of grass under my feet."

"And sun in the sky," Samantha chimes in, as she slumps into her seat at the gunner's position.

"And the sound of birds chirping," Cassiel adds, "Howard had birdy friends! He was having the time of his life!" Cassiel sits in her navigator's chair, setting Howard on the ground and giving him a little pat on the head.

"Wark," quacks the duck, in a rather depressed tone. "Wark..."

"Maybe I should make him a duck girlfriend next?" I lean lightly on Cassiel's shoulder and stare at the navigator's console. "Hm? Where are we?"

Cassiel pauses at my question and scans the navigation console, a confused expression sprouting on her face. "Um. This can't be right. It says we're still in Terran space, just past Neptune's orbit."

The ship's alarm suddenly blares and Samantha nearly jumps out of her skin. She taps her display, which she's been learning to use, "Volgrim ships, dozens of them! We're surrounded!"

Cassiel's expression darkens, "We're caught in a Volikrov Net. It pulled our ship from hyperspace and stranded us here. It's an ambush!"

"Try and get us out of here, Cass. I'll make a portal back to Voldar-" Before I can take two steps away, nausea hits me, blanketing my entire body. My guts turn from a queasy jitter to a washing machine at max speed as waves of pain blast over my body, knocking out feeling in my legs. Dizzily, I trip and fall to the ground. Unable to move my arms to catch myself, my face smashes against the metal deckplate, battering me like a hammer to the skull.

Moments later, the sound of two other bodies hitting the deck catch up to me. Cassiel and Samantha. They've been hit too? I can barely think. Opening my eyes and blinking dozens of red patches away, I spot Samantha flopped lifelessly on the ground. Her body unmoving, she weakly coughs and whispers, "An... anti... anti-energy..."

What the fuck? The Volgrim! They caught us in a trap and hit us with anti-energy as soon as we came back!

Two webbed feet come into my vision, and Howard quacks several times, poking me in the nose with his bill. The anti-energy won't affect him, so all he knows is that we're down for the count, but not why. He can't even understand what's going on...

I can't fight back. I can't even move! They got us. I should have realized this would be an effective trap, but-

Wait! Ionis!

"Ion-" I cough and blood roils up from my innards, splashing out my mouth. "Ionis... where..."

Samantha, with a mighty effort, twitches her hand, trying to reach toward- no, she's reaching past me. "Cass... Cassiel..."

Shit. Cassiel is an angel. Anti-energy can kill her!

Where is Ionis?! I can't see him!

"Ionis... help us..."