Part 307a: Daughter

"You know how to... cook?"

I stood in the kitchen on board the Mothership as Amelia seemed to plop some vegetables inside of a large pot on top of the stove. I say 'seemed' because the sight was so absolutely improbable that I automatically assumed I was hallucinating.

I rubbed my eyes quickly to make sure. Yes, she was in fact wearing an apron on top of her usual blue summer dress and merrily dancing around the kitchen, glancing at an old fashioned looking cookbook that had been propped up on the counter.

"Nope! I have no idea what I'm doing!" She chirped happily as she stared at the book before her. Frowning slightly, she popped out a question. "What the heck is a parsley?"

I stared dumbfounded as she walked away towards the opposite side of the kitchen. "Helen! What's a parsley? Is it juicy?"

Helen wandered into the kitchen, wearing an apron herself. "No, sweetheart. Parsley is a vegetable. It's green and it has little thin stalks with soft bushy leaves. You only need to add a touch of it for flavor."

Amelia nodded thoughtfully as she walked over to the refrigerator. Pulling it open, she pulled out a head of lettuce. "Like this?"

"Nope! You're on the right track though!" Helen smiled a sweet motherly grin as she glanced over at me. "Oh! Jason, you're back! I'm just teaching Amelia a bit about how to cook."

I nodded slowly. "Ah... yeah, that, err, makes sense." I shoot a look over at Amelia. "Are you actually going to eat... whatever it is you're making?"

She shook her head quickly. "Nope! I can't eat normal food, remember? This is your dinner!"

I took a step back involuntarily. She was cooking me food? What freaking dimension did I accidentally wander into? Maybe when Harold teleported me, he scrambled my DNA and sent me to a bizarro universe or something. There's just no way this is happening.

I walked over and sat on a stool at the counter facing the inside of the kitchen. "So you just decided to... cook some food?"

Amelia didn't seem to hear me, as she chopped up the parsley with lightning fast reflexes, her hands moving so fast I could barely see them. The sound was similar to a chainsaw as she rapidly lifted and slammed the knife down at inhuman speeds on the helpless veggies.

Helen turned back and leaned over the counter to whisper to me. "She was just moping around all day, and I felt so bad for the poor dear. I asked her to help me cook, but I was shocked to learn that a pretty young thing like her was never taught proper cooking skills by her mother. For shame! But don't you worry, I'll have this girl acting like a proper young lady in no time."

Helen winked at me as she leaned back to return to helping Amelia out. "Heavens, are you sure you don't know how to cook? You diced that parsley like a professional!"

Amelia blushed. "Well, I mean, I don't know how to cook, but I'm... pretty good with knives, you could say."

I felt my expression turn pale at those words. I don't think Helen has any idea what she just roped herself into. Perhaps in private I should quietly inform her of Amelia's history.

...No, wait. That's wrong. It just occurred to me that this is exactly what she needs. Amelia has never had a strong bond with anyone, but now she has me for a friend... and Helen is something of a motherly figure. Perhaps this is what she's needed all along. Maybe I've been going about this the wrong way.

I feel my gaze drift out the plexiglass window, as Amelia and Helen's conversation slowly slips out of my interest. The stars outside are incredibly numerous, truly a sight to see. No person on Earth, even with the best telescope on the planet, has the sight I have right now.

Somewhere, out there in this colossal galaxy, there's a star that was extinguished. I did that. I didn't ask anyone for permission, and I thought I did it for righteous reasons, but perhaps Stonewall is right... maybe I was just being selfish.

But I don't think he's right. I did what I had to do. As I've done so many times in the past, I took the path that would save as many that I cared about as possible. I'm not perfect, and I can't expect or pretend to be. But out of respect for his position, the man who was elected head of all of humanity by the people themselves... I should do as he asks. If he wants me to stay out of his way, so be it. As long as he doesn't turn into a dictator who murders his own people, I won't interfere. I'll just watch from a distance, observing the path that humanity will take.

Besides... haven't I done enough? Don't I deserve some rest? The Volgrim are no longer a threat. With humanity and the angels might combined, they can easily fend off the demons without my power. And if they need me, I can leave a clone incognito in the ranks of humanity, changing up his looks to be totally distinct from myself. They won't even know I'm there.

If they need me, I can be there in an instant. I have the power to travel anywhere in the universe instantaneously.

Yeah, that's exactly what I need to do. It's time to take a little vacation. I'm going to try and spend some time with Harold, Helen, and Amelia, as well as my clones. This ship is plenty big to fit all of us, though my clones might need to double up on the bunks. And hell, if we need more room, I've got the power to increase our living space all I want. My energy regenerates every night!

Yes, I can't let myself feel down. Stonewall is a vicious man, but I don't see Earth losing under his leadership. I need some 'me' time, to focus and learn my own limits. I've spent so much time helping others that I've neglected my own incredible abilities and my physical body as well. It's as Arthur told me before; I'm using my hypersuit as a crutch. I can't keep doing that, or it might be the death of me some day.

Glancing back to the commotion in the kitchen, I stifle a chuckle as Amelia dabs her finger into the pot and pulls it back out, licking her finger as a wave of disgust floods over her face.

"Well, how do you think it tastes?" Helen smiles broadly but doesn't seem to understand the concept that Amelia literally can't eat normal food.

Amelia seems to almost stifle a vomit reflex as her expression sours. "It tastes awful, but I have a, err, _condition_. I can't taste properly."

Helen's expression turns to horror as she sees the look of revulsion on her face. "Oh no! I'm so sorry, sweet pea! Why didn't you tell me sooner? Here, I'll do the tasting instead."

Amelia glances at me as Helen turns her back to dip her finger into the pot. Silently, she mouths some words at me as her face cringes in disgust. _How do you eat this crap?_

I fight mightily to contain my laughter and instead just smile and shrug. She shakes her head as Helen turns back around, her own face very pale.

"Oh... oh dear. This soup is... quite bad." Her lip quivers as she fights to contain her own gag reflex. "D-did you follow my recipe exactly?"

Amelia nods slowly as she fires off the ingredients she used to make the soup.

"Oh my... I think you misread 'teaspoon' as... something else, Amelia. You have to read the directions carefully. That was an awful lot of garlic juice you added."

Amelia nodded as shame spread over her face. "I-I'll pay more careful attention next time, mother!"

Helen smiled and I felt my jaw drop. _She called Helen... 'mother'? What... even..._ Helen nodded appreciatively. "Well, the nice thing about this fancy ship is it has a de-atomizer just for this purpose! You know what the Bible says, 'Do not give what is holy to the dogs!' This ship can take apart the molecules and other things and turn it back into fresh ingredients at the press of a button!"

As Amelia and Helen went about their business I got up and wandered out of the kitchen towards my private quarters. I'm dead beat... after a day like this... I'm sure they'll just wake me up whenever the food is ready. I need to sleep now. Think later, rest now.

Plopping my head on the pillow, I realize what day it is. This is the day I usually meet up with a certain friend of mine. The timing couldn't be better.

Silver stared off into the distance as the candidates were being tested on the screen before him. "The rejection rates have halved as of recent days. We're making rapid progress."

Stonewall grunted with approval as he reached for the cigars in his pocket. Sadly, they were not there, as he had left them in his hovercar. He stifled a quiet curse as he turned back to the screen. "Da, they had better be worth it. I'm putting my faith in your research, Mister Silva. Jason Hiro will no longer be aiding us, so I'm going to need results."

"Don't worry about it. Johannesburg trained me personally. I don't like being late, and I don't like not getting results. I always deliver. Wouldn't have called you over here if that weren't the case."

Stonewall stared grimly at the screen. Cocking an eyebrow, he beckoned at one of the men on the screen. "This man here, I thought I saw a small flame for a moment."

Silver flicked his gaze to the man Stonewall had indicated. "Let's see... his name is..." Pulling out a datapad, he flicked through several files very quickly, too fast for Stonewall to follow. "Gunther Herman. Solid candidate. He seems to have manifested the ability to control flames, as you saw for yourself. His abilities, however, are quite immature. He'll need more time to adapt to the treatments."

Stonewall nodded. "What sort of other abilities have they developed?"

"Telekinesis, shadow-melding, enhanced strength, you name it. It's insane how their abilities are manifesting so diversely. To date, we have yet to get a single duplicate ability."

"And which of these men is best performer?" Stonewall glanced around the screen at the room full of just over a dozen men. Several of them looked like professional soldiers, possibly even special ops. He could tell by the way they carried themselves.

"None of them. These are the newest recruits. They're only rank C's. The previous batch are already matured to rank B. However... there is this one individual..."

Silver paused as doubt entered his mind. He wasn't one to hesitate normally, but this was a special case.

"Hm? Well? Who is it?" Stonewall felt the mood shift slightly as Silver reached up and started tapping his lip nervously.

"Well... for one thing, she's the only female that hasn't rejected the treatments. But... she's too dangerous. We had to put her into isolation. She's a rank A candidate, but we're thinking of putting her into the next category up. The problem is her control over her abilities is lackluster at best, and it's heavily dictated by her emotions. We often have to put her into a forced coma so she doesn't kill any more of our researchers."

Stonewall chuckled, then quickly stopped as a thought entered his mind. "A woman, you say? Is it safe to see her?"

Silver shrugged. "Technically, yes. She's quite harmless while in the drug induced coma, and the energy dampeners are able to prevent the worst of her powers when we wake her up for exercise... but I don't think she'll ever be able to become an asset to us at this rate. She's just a liability right now."

Stonewall nodded again as he stared intently at Silver. "Show me."

...

Some time later, Stonewall and Agent Silver arrived at the Level 3 holding rooms, twelve levels under the rest of the training facility, in the very bottom room.

Stepping through several layers of security, Silver led Stonewall to her holding room where she 'lived'. Stonewall sucked in his breath sharply.

"This is her?"

"Yes."

Stonewall glared at the one-way window that showed a seven year old girl playing with some dolls and a dollhouse in a pure white clinically clean containment room. She seemed to be simply moving them around unexpressively, her heart not really in it at all.

"This is Daisy. Daisy has been in this holding cell since a few weeks after we administered her fourth trial, which was about four months ago. Aside from sleeping and walking around this containment room, we don't let her out."

Stonewall blinked rapidly as he felt a strange feeling bubbling up inside of himself. "This little girl... where are her parents?"

"Deceased. She was an orphan, they died during the attack last year when the Volgrim detonated those underground charges. The detailed physical that we designed from the orphanage alerted us to her latent potential. We picked her up shortly afterwards, and the rest is... history."

Silver's face was unemotional, even if his words seemed interested in anything he was saying. In truth, he didn't like treating a small child like a monster either. He hated having to contain her, but it was a necessity.

Stonewall felt his lip quiver slightly. "She's... about the same age as Maddie was when..." He felt his throat catch slightly. "Long brown hair, a little pink bow. She's even wearing a white dress. Silva..."

Silver cocked an eyebrow slightly as he noticed Stonewall's expression had softened somewhat. "Don't tell me you want to use her. Sir, with all due respect, she's dangerous. We need to wait longer before we can field test her abilities again, before she can even think of ever becoming an agent."

Stonewall shook his head slowly. "No... not agent. Tell me, Silva... just how many abilities does little girl have?"

Silver paused for a moment as he looked down at his datapad to consult his notes. "Many. At least a dozen, possibly more. They seem to work sometimes, other times they don't. They're erratic and sporadic."

"How long has she been without mother and father?" Stonewall silenced his trembling hands as he watched the innocent child slump down, dropping her doll on the floor as she stared at the dollhouse emptily.

"About a year, sir. Since the Christmas Day Tremors, of course."

"I see. Open the doors. I'm going to speak with her."

Silver felt his heart freeze to ice at the command. "What? No, sir, again with all due respect, that's a bad idea."

Stonewall turned and stared at him stoically. "Why? Is she dangerous inside dampener room?"

"Well... no. It's just that every time someone walks in there, she starts crying hysterically and begging to be let out, and long after they leave her emotional state is ruined for days at a time. If we're to make her an agent, she has to be able to control-"

Stonewall felt his eyes shoot open as his temper flared up for a brief moment. "Shut up. I don't want to hear another word, imbecile. She's just a child. I'm going in there, so open the goddamned doors."

Silver took a step back as he struggled to face down the sudden mood swing from the Supreme Commander. "O-of course. If that's what you want to do, then by all means, I can't stop you." A pained expression crossed over his face as he made a quick motion to the woman overseeing the cells. Nodding, she beckoned for Stonewall to come over to the entry door.

Walking briskly over, he waited patiently as they patted him down to check for weapons and any other hazardous items. Apparently, as the inspector informed him, Daisy had a way of pickpocketing the unaware when they got within arm's reach.

Stonewall cocked a slight grin. _Such an innocent face, but truly a devious little girl. She reminds me so much of my Maddie._

As the door opened, Stonewall stepped into the room hesitantly, as the little girl turned slowly to look at him.

"Hello, Daisy. Do you know who I am?"

The little girl shook her head slowly as she backed away from his large and imposing figure. Realizing he was frightening her, Stonewall quickly sat down on the ground and smiled as pleasantly as he could muster; it was the sort of expression that could curdle milk at a single glance.

"My name is Stone-... ah, you can call me... Uncle Vasily. Da, I am relative of your mother and father."

The little girl stared at him silently for a few moments, her eyes flicking over his sharply dressed black suit and red tie, the tie being a color he normally did not wear. He quietly regretted to himself that he hadn't worn something just a bit more casual.

"You're not going to hurt me?" Her lower lip trembled slightly as she eyed his large frame suspiciously. "You look like the mean doctor. I don't like him."

"No, no, no. I am not mean doctor. I am your uncle Vasily! I have come to take you out of boring white room into outside air again!"

Her eyes lit up slightly. "Leave the room? I can leave?"

"Yes. Very soon! I am making the arrangements now." Stonewall nodded eagerly, feeling the looks of several researchers as well as Silver on his back, even though he couldn't see them through the one-way mirror. Surely, they would be chomping off their nails feverishly at this very moment.

Daisy lowered her gaze and flopped down on the ground. "Yeah... but you can't really take me out of here can you? I'm dangerous. That's what they told me. I'm a bad girl."

Stonewall shot a quick glare at the mirror behind himself before looking back to the little girl before him. "Nonsense! I am big and strong Uncle Vasily! I fight big bear in mountains, beat him up real good! I am scared of no-one!"

Daisy's expression lightened up slightly as a small smile appeared on her face. Lifting her head up, she stared at Stonewall with doubt. "No you didn't! You can't beat a bear!"

"Ha! Uncle Vasily took out bear with one punch! Bear did not see it coming, I knocked his block off! I could never be scared of my pretty little niece!"

Daisy blushed slightly. "I'm not that pretty. I haven't taken a bath in weeks. I smell bad. And... I hurt people. This place is jail for bad girls."

Stonewall felt a hint of irritation at her words. Just what awful things had they told her to keep her quiet? Why were they torturing a small child like this? Did even a single person here have any children of their own?

"Daisy, you are special little girl, da?"

Daisy nodded her head slowly as she continued to stare at her bare feet. "Yeah, that's what the mean men in white tell me."

"I think you are special too, but not because of what you can do. I think you are special because of _who you are._ " Stonewall nodded slowly to emphasize what he was hinting at.

Daisy pondered his words for a minute, her childlike brain not fully able to grasp complex nuances of speech yet. Despite this, she was a bright young child. "You like me for me?"

"Da. I had daughter myself, you know. And son. Daughter was named Maddie, son was Jacob. Both of them were hurt badly in big accident years ago." Stonewall felt his voice choke up slightly again, a feeling he had grown used to burying over the years. "I... have not seen them for long time now. I never will. They are gone, just like your papa and mama."

Daisy's expression shifted from a slight smile to real sadness. "Did... did they die?"

Stonewall bit his lip slightly as a long-since buried memory of his son and daughter playing in the sprinkler on a hot summer day surfaced from his mind. Why had that appeared? He hadn't wanted it to, yet there it was.

Daisy shifted her weight slightly, carefully standing up as she slowly meandered over towards Stonewall, coming to a sitting position a few feet away. "Do you miss them? Maddie and Jacob?"

Stonewall felt his adult-like charisma and stoic expression fading as sadness overtook him. "Yes. Very, very much."

Daisy reached over and put her hand on his foot. "Miss Margaret told me that it's okay to cry if you're sad. The men in white don't want me to cry, but I can't help it sometimes. I'm always all alone in here and nobody talks to me..."

Stonewall felt his sadness melt away as a different feeling came over him. It was something he hadn't experienced for a few decades; the feeling of fatherly instincts. _They would put this precious little girl inside these whitewashed walls just to protect themselves from her, rather than trying to understand her. Disgusting._

"Daisy, I have big house. Do you want to leave this place and come live with Uncle Vasily? I will give you all the rooms you want! You can go to school... play with the cats and dogs. I'll even get you a little rabbit."

Daisy's eyes lit up, as Vasily noticed now that he was up close that they were a beautiful shade of sparkling blue. "Can I please? I don't want to be here anymore!"

Vasily nodded as he reached forwards and touched her shoulder. "Of course you can. My home is your home. I will speak to men in white at once."

Quickly drawing himself into a standing position, Stonewall turned to leave, but was caught off guard as Daisy threw herself at him, hugging his leg. "No, please, don't go! Don't leave me here all alone again! I don't want to be alone!"

Stonewall grimaced slightly, as this was a slight pickle he was in. Leaning down, he reached around and hugged the little girl gently. "Daisy, you are good girl, da? Good girls have patience, you know. I have to speak with them to let you out. I must make arrangements. I will be back in just a few minutes."

Daisy struggled mightily to hold onto his leg, but with a bit of persuading, he managed to pry her off his leg and walk out the door, closing it behind himself.

To his absolute lack of astonishment, he was totally unsurprised to see Silver standing outside the door, his face red as fumes seemed to pop out of his ears. "No. Absolutely not. That is one thing I cannot allow, Supreme Commander. The risks are too high. The odds are that she will explode and kill a million people if she's not properly contained, I don't care how adorable you find her face."

Stonewall set his jaw squarely as he leaned down to face the small man in front of himself, his thin and wiry frame not even slightly comparing to Stonewall's hulking and well-toned Russian body. "I think you misunderstand your position, small man. I am Supreme Commander. You follow my orders, understand? I want you to create an inhibitor that blocks her powers while she wears it. A necklace, a headband, anything will do. Until then, I am going to stay in this room with her."

Silver felt his mouth turn dry, as if cottonballs had somehow sprouted in every corner of his shoutbox. For some reason, he found he simply had a difficult time refusing anything that Stonewall ordered. His presence was simply that intimidating. "Ah, alright then. W-we'll see what we can do, okay?"

Stonewall sneered visibly. "Of course you will. Bring me some furniture, I do not wish to sit on hard floor, and neither does she. Also, bring us nice steak dinner. Full course meal, spare no expense."

"W-well, I mean she just had her nutrient shake a little while ago, and-...ulp." Silver cut himself off and swallowed hard as Stonewall shot him an icy glare that could freeze the fires of Hell themselves. Best not to mention the nutrient shakes, that might just piss him off more. "F-full course meal! Yes sir!"

Arthur took another swing at me with his version of Excalibur, as I swung my own in return. I parried his attack like a professional, in the way he had been teaching me how to do so for the last few years. I wouldn't call myself the greatest swordfighter of all time, but I was probably pretty good. At least a 7/10 or so. It helped that my body could regenerate most damage in seconds even if I messed up, so Arthur was able to go full force all the time.

"Do you regret making that choice?" Arthur swept his foot along the ground to trip me, but I hopped at just the right time to avoid it.

"No! I did what I had to. I have no room for regrets." I jerked forwards and shoved my hands out, pushing him backwards as I used my sword hand to stab forwards. The blow missed his heart by inches, instead slicing just a bit of his side, between his arm and ribcage. A shallow flesh wound, damn. I can never land a clean hit on him.

He stumbled backwards, his breathing intensity having increased noticeably. "Alright, that's enough for now." In one smooth motion, he shifted his weight and dropped his sword into its sheath without looking. I, on the other hand, had to glance down to make sure my sword made it safely into the hole and not into my hipbone. I still have much to learn.

With a wave of his hand, Arthur shifted the terrain around us into a pleasant bright green knoll, with lots of little hills, trees in the distance, and a sparkling clear creek some feet away. Walking over to it, Arthur reached down and cupped some water, bringing it to his mouth to drink.

"Ahhh! I know this water isn't real at all, but I can fool my brain into thinking it tastes just like the stuff I used to drink!" Arthur wiped his chin as he plunked down and laid on his back in the grass to look at the fluffy white clouds lazily rolling past in the sky above. "But that's the thing, isn't it? You can fool your brain into doing a great many things so long as you develop the mental discipline."

I nodded slowly, as I reached down and cupped the water in my hands. Bringing it up to my mouth, I frowned as I realized it had no taste for me whatsoever. "Is this another lesson?"

Arthur shrugged. It was an awkward movement, given he was laying with his back on the grass, but I understood the intent so it really didn't matter much. "In my opinion, if you don't learn at least one new thing every day, you aren't truly living, Jason. It doesn't matter how trivial or how stupid or silly... so long as your mind is being exercised by processing new information, you're still a functioning human."

I nodded as I followed along with his theory. Sitting down next to him, I stared at the crystal clear stream, watching as small fish bobbed here and there, occasionally popping upwards to the surface to nab a water-skipper. "In the time I come from, we have prisons which have 'solitary confinement' cells. They're pitch black, and often soundproofed. Many people go crazy inside of them and come out mentally scarred for life."

Arthur blinked slowly. "Understandable. It's sad to me that such a barbaric invention could exist. If you're going to torture a man in such a way, perhaps death would be the more humane option."

"Don't some people deserve to be punished? Some people perform heinous acts of torture on others. Shouldn't they experience the same pain and terror their victims did?" I decided to try a mental exercise. Getting Arthur's old-timey perspective on things was often quite refreshing.

"Perhaps. Who can say though? In the end, death is usually more preferable, in my opinion. If there really is a Creator out there, then let their souls be punished by him. He will know what to do."

I cocked an eyebrow. "Don't souls go to Heaven and they become angels who fight for Zeus and whatnot? Well, I suppose the good ones do. I wonder where the bad ones go..."

"Hell, I'd wager. The burning pits of torment. At least, that's what we tell children to scare them into becoming good adults."

"In my time, we tell kids that a fat man dressed in red delivers billions of presents all over the world through thin chimneys in a single night. I guess we lie a lot to our kids." As I said this, Arthur cracked a smile.

"Really? You tell kids that and they believe you? Kids are dumb."

It wasn't something I expected to hear Arthur casually say, but he'd been acting differently as of late. Almost as if he was restless.

"Yeah, kids aren't the brightest. But then again, we were all foolish children at one point or another." I paused as our small talk died down slightly. Searching the sky for interesting clouds, I gathered a slight bit of courage to change the conversation to something less pleasant than usual. "Arthur, are you certain you don't wish to leave the inside of Excalibur? Why not leave and explore the world with me?"

Arthur's expression darkened in an instant. "It's not going to happen, Jason. I don't deserve to leave this place, and so I won't. What I did was unforgivable."

I stifled a groan. "Come on, I know it must have been pretty awful at the time, but you're a changed man now. And besides, in the name of being a Hero, I ended more lives in the blink of an eye than you ever could over your whole life. I was able to quickly forgive myself, so you should try to do the same."

Arthur closed his eyes as he drew in a breath and sighed deeply. "Haaah... Jason... it just isn't the same. You chose to kill the Volgrim. You made that decision yourself. It was something you had to deliberately do after putting in lots of work to create that death weapon. I killed millions of people by _accident_. I misused my powers without thinking. Even that paled in comparison to what I allowed happen to Elizabeth. I've failed badly, you know?"

Arthur sighed a deep breath of acceptance. "I can never repent, not ever. Don't ask me that question again. The answer to that question, at the least, will never change."

I nodded briskly as I turned my head away for a moment. Sometimes he could become so emotional, it was difficult just to breathe the same air as he did.

After a moment I decided to try a new train of thought. "Amelia was acting strange again."

Arthur's eyes didn't betray any immediate interest, but I knew that if I ever mentioned her, he was always listening carefully. "Oh?"

"Yeah. I arrived back after speaking with Stonewall to find she was... cooking food. With Helen. And she was smiling and enjoying herself."

Arthur curled his lip in disgust. "I'd watch whatever she feeds you. Lord knows especially if it has any meat in it."

I coughed at the thought, choking down some bile. "That's not funny."

"Wasn't supposed to be."

"Fair enough."

Arthur looks away for a moment before returning his gaze upwards towards the clouds. "That girl... might you have really changed her so dramatically? I find the idea laughable. All I knew of her was that she was a horrifying demon. Yet here you are, hanging out with her like two children playing 'house'. Do you value your life so little?"

I shrugged. "I'm not scared of her, as it is. I'm sure I could defeat her in a number of ways if she grew to become a danger to me. Not least of which is using Excalibur against her. What I really fear is losing the progress we've made. What if she slips up and devours another life? What if she has a mental breakdown from lack of real sustenance? I don't know what to do."

Arthur stared ahead quietly for a few moments. "You told me recently that she appears to be aging, physically at least. Is that correct?"

"Yeah."

Arthur pulls one of his arms out from behind his head and gnaws on a nail thoughtfully. "This started happening soon after you got her to stop devouring human life. What if, somehow, that life is giving her the energy, not to survive, but to contain _something_."

I stared at him suspiciously. "I don't follow."

"Think about it. You've told me she sometimes talks to someone invisible, someone who's not there. She calls him or her 'Levvy'. Given that by all appearances she's an ordinary human, how might an ordinary human survive for thousands of years? Immortality pills aren't generally found just laying around, you know."

I stared at him thoughtfully for a few moments, my eyes looking not _at_ him, but _through_ him. "I don't know. But it seems like you're implying something is inside of her."

"Yes. That's exactly what I'm implying. There are more than a few ways to attain immortality, and the great majority are not pleasant. They have awful side effects. You lucked out by having cheat powers, but most aren't so fortunate."

I frowned as I glanced away from him and back to the stream again. "So... it's like there's a parasite inside of her? Or perhaps, something more of a symbiotic relationship?"

Arthur shrugged again. "I don't have all the answers, Jason. Just be on your guard. It's always possible that someday, if she were to lose control, it wouldn't necessarily be her fault. Perhaps I've misjudged her, all these years. Maybe I'm just a sore loser from how badly she broke me. Still, you should never give her your full trust. I feel that she is a viper, waiting for the opportune moment to strike."

Arthur was really worrying about this, it appeared. He must think about her and the danger he thinks she is all the time. If only he knew the Amelia that I had grown to understand. She really was a delicate child, at heart.

Then again... there was that time in the hotel in Paris. She wasn't acting like a child at that time. She clearly had adult intentions... or perhaps she was simply toying with me. It was so hard to tell in the rush of the moment.

Arthur catches me drifting off in my own thoughts. "Something stuck in your craw?"

I blink quickly. "What? No. Nothing, really. I was just thinking about that time when we sparred... and I woke up... and, err..."

Arthur nodded slowly. "Yes... and?"

"Well, Amelia was... she was sleeping in the same bed as me... she was... ah, all over me..."

Arthur sits up quickly, an aghast expression on his face. "By the creator... did you and her...?!"

I jerk back in surprise. "What? No! Not even! However, she woke up when I did, and she acted really weird. Eventually, she used magic to temporarily transform into an older form of herself."

Arthur nodded slowly. "Oh? And what happened then?"

"Well, as I recall, she started to come onto me, saying very provocative things. And she looked quite... she was very..."

I coughed as I struggled to find the words. Then I happened to notice Arthur's jaw hanging down slightly. "My god. Are you in love with her? The demon wench herself?"

I shook my head quickly. "No, of course not. That certainly isn't the case."

"Really? It sounded to me like you were going to call her 'attractive' just now, perhaps even 'beautiful', am I correct?"

I wanted to shake my head, but instead my body betrayed me as I nodded instead. "I mean... yes. But that doesn't mean I love her. It was just a temporary physical feeling. That's all. Besides, my heart belongs only to Cassiel and Samantha."

Arthur opened his mouth to speak, but shut it, and then opened it again. "Ah, come again? Who are they?"

"The girls from the future I came from."

"Oh. I see." Arthur stared at me blankly. "Two at the same time? Am I missing something?"

"No. It was, err, complicated."

"No kidding. Sounds like it."

"Yeah."

Arthur nodded slowly as he started rocking back and forth on his rump. "Well, whatever. At this point, what's another girl? Clearly you get around the block."

"Oh come on, it's not like that."

"Suuure." Arthur rolled his eyes. "Who were these girls from the future anyway?"

"Well, Cassiel was an angel, and Samantha was a demon."

Arthur continued to bobble his head up and down. "Strong personalities, huh? I can respect that."

"No, no. I mean like, a literal angel and a literal demon. Rather, a succubus to be exact."

Arthur narrowed his eyes and pursed his lips as he leaned in closer to me. "Jason. Are you trying to mess with me? It's not funny."

"I wasn't telling a joke. They were very beautiful, and we always had good times."

Arthur nodded again. "Well, given they're a hundred million years in the future, I'm sorry for your loss."

I shook my head. "Actually, Samantha is alive and well right now in this timeline, and if Cassiel told me correctly, she'll either be born soon or was already born."

Arthur squinted at me even harder than he was before. "I really can't tell if you're joking around or not."

"Nope. Samantha's real name is Belial. She's... well, she's... sort of... Satan's girlfriend. Mistress. Wife. I'm not sure, ah, exactly."

Arthur froze on the spot, his rocking stopping entirely as he simply stared at me. Several long, awkward seconds passed by as he continued to stare at me blankly. Finally he stood up with a flourish.

"Jason. I have decided that it's time for you to wake up. I want you to carefully evaluate your future and write me a 3,000 word essay about 'Why having relations with a demon who happens to be wed to the most powerful and evil of all devils is a terrible, terrible idea', alright? Goodbye."

I started to say something but he waggled his finger at me. "No no no, no words. You're going to wake up now and carefully re-evaluate your life's decisions, okay? Farewell, buzz off for a while. I need to go scream in a dark and empty cave for a few days straight."

I felt my vision turning to white as the world melted away around me.

Well, that was one way to break the news of a ménage à trois to the most powerful hero of all time.
