Part 168 - Battle For Heaven

_This is it. The most important fight of our lives. This will decide who controls the fate of Earth._

Satan charged behind a wave of millions of demons, as they screamed and raved, tearing through the passages of Sinai. Already, they had killed twenty angels in a flash who had gotten in their way. The meager number of guards for this place, assumed to be impregnable if not undiscoverable, were insufficient for a full-scale demonic invasion.

Demons poured all over the floor, the walls, the ceilings. Skittering and clattering about, making a deafening noise as they charged forwards, a mass of hatred and revenge-seekers coming forth to destroy their eternal oppressors.

Satan did not smile, he did not laugh. This was no time for either. He would lose a lot of his people on this day, but in the process, they would cripple the angels forever. To stalemate a battle so they might win the war? A simple choice.

" **Charge! Kill all who get in our way! Kill the weak ones, the generals will take on the real threats!** " Satan bellowed at the top of his voice. His words may not have been heard or understood, but their intent was. _Kill them all, even if it costs you your own life_.

Within a few minutes, they had already arrived in the main room that held the Heavenly Gate. A thousand angels had prepared a spell of mass annihilation. As the demons began to swarm into the room, an archangel at the front, Uriel, opened his mouth to give the order. _Fire_.

But he was unable to. His head slowly fell from his body, as Satan appeared in the shadow behind him, his arm transforming into a battle scythe as it detached the archangel's head from his body. In the blink of an eye, a mighty archangel was felled before he had the chance to react.

_Shadowstep_. An ability that Satan had consumed from the corpse of Lucifer. One of Satan's most potent abilities had been awakened by Leviathan. The Unique class ability, _Consume_. The ability to take the powers of any foe he killed in battle. As a result of his last meeting with Leviathan, his powers would only now truly begin to awaken.

_Satan, the Great Devourer_, as he would be called after this battle.

As Uriel's head fell, the other angels jerked back in alarm at the sudden appearance of the demon in their midst. In a flash, Satan had unleashed his mightiest ability, the Ultimate Attack, knocking many angels out of their spell-stance, or killing them outright.

_Feeble, I expected more of these holy beings._ Satan grimaced as he dashed forwards, spinning his body like a horizontal cyclone, and plowing right through the center of an angel. The angel's body, now having a gaping hole in it, collapsed to the ground seconds later.

As Satan killed more and more angels, he began to feel more powers inside his body. _Interesting, perhaps if I kill some more strong ones and quickly adjust to these new powers, this won't be an actual stalemate today_.

After the thousand angels in the room were brutally killed with minimal losses, Satan quickly charged through the portal to Heaven, and his minions began flowing through it as well.

In the room they had entered, it was pure white. No shadows existed, as the light appeared to come from every surface and ceiling and the sky as well. The light was impossible to shadow-step through.

But Satan didn't need it. Using the invisible limbs he had grown, which enabled him to fight opponents with the elements of surprise, he found himself propelled around by his limbs, allowing himself to move unnaturally and unexpectedly, which helped him confuse and overwhelm his opponents.

As his minions entered the room, quickly filling it up with their kind, they continued racing outside of it, to the great empty white expanse of heaven.

All around him, he saw clouds. They looked to be unsuitable for walking on, yet he was surrounded by a few million angels, with scatterings of gods and demigods here and there. They walked or floated, all of them spread out in a circular fashion. Satan grimaced. _There's more than I expected._

"Charge! Today, we bring an end to the evil angels that have wrought so much pain on us!" His minions roared with delight as they charged out of the exit and through the small door, resembling the fast pouring stream of a faucet that would be invented millennia later.

...................................................................

The battle was intense. The angels were able to harness their combined power to keep blasting weakened, yet effective versions of Gabriel's holy light attack, slaying dozens, even hundreds of demons for each wave they fired. Yet, the angels were beginning to weaken. Their seemingly infinite numbers were depleting rapidly, as were Satan's minions. He was busy fighting with the god of thunder and thus could not keep track of the numbers, but their numbers were reaching near parity.

Thor grimaced as another mighty blow from Satan caught him off guard. _Invisible arms, maybe ten of them, they can pass through sometimes and other times they harden. Truly impossible to deal with_. Thor bellowed as heavenly lightning shot down at the speed of light towards Satan. However, the light was so bright that for a split second, it made a shadow appear behind Thor, which Satan shadow-stepped towards. The lightning missed completely, but Satan did not.

In a flash, he brought his knife around, plunging it deep into Thor's back, directly into his heart. Thor gasped, as Satan spoke. "Unworthy." With a quick wrench, Satan twisted the knife, splitting Thor's heart in half. Yanking it out quickly, Satan moved on towards a female goddess, Diana, leaving Thor to fall forward, his body slumped in death.

Diana, the Goddess of the Hunt, wielded a mighty bow that could shoot arrows at incredible speeds. Before she could nock her first arrow and aim it at Satan, he quickly used his newest stolen power. "Lightning, thunder, hear my cry!" With a massive blast, powerful lightning rained from the sky, smiting Diana in an instant.

Satan quickly looked around, noting the troop disparities. He still held a 1.5 to 1 troop ratio advantage, but it had been nearly 7 to 1 in the beginning. As he had first expected, it would not end so easily.

The battle had dragged on for hours, and now he could see that a group of his top generals were fighting a massive god, one who moved at truly godlike speeds. Only one could keep up with him at all, and that was Belial.

She was definitely losing though. Belial fought Zeus, the King of Gods. Zeus had the ability to move at the speed of light, as best as Satan could tell. He moved so fast, it almost appeared to be a variant of shadow-stepping. However, he was a massive target since he was at full titan size. "If that fool had an ounce of sense, he'd have shrunk himself down and condensed his power. He must think himself invincible."

Satan had already figured out who most of the combatants were on the battlefield. By stealing the powers of the ones he killed, he was also able to steal a portion of their recent memories. He could, in a flash, identify the major gods and demigods at a glance, as well as a goodly number of angels.

_Where is Gabriel_? Satan wondered to himself, as he used his invisible appendages to blast forwards at Zeus. _It seems strange that he would not be here, unleashing his cosmic power on us. What sort of trickery have they in store for us?_

Before he could get to Zeus, a challenger leaped in front of him. A massive demigod, one he had seen far too many times as of late.

Satan sneered at the being in front of him, one almost exactly the same size as himself. _Hercules_.