Part 488c: Abandoned

Everyone's gone, now. My fingers tick off the checklist as I count off items in my head.

Ben is probably at the portal already, sending men and women to save the Volgrim worlds. I established a new portal system inside Hero City, so putting the Volgrim inside their nearly limitless pocket dimension should protect them from the Kolvaxians. Check.

Beelzebub, to his credit, is keeping his word and sending demons to assist the fleeing Volgrim as they pour into the Labyrinth. Check.

After explaining the situation, Dosena begrudgingly agreed to help out. Having spoken with others of her kind, she knows the Volgrim leadership was wiped out by the Kolvaxians, and even if the new Volgrim are different from the old, she's still a leader at heart.

...Check.

I think I'm finished. Other than staying behind and fighting alongside my friends and comrades, I have no reason to stay here anymore.

Yet, at the same time, I feel empty. I'm only leaving because Alpha won't take 'no' for an answer. I don't want to go. I want to stay with Samantha and Cassiel. Alpha should investigate his own bullshit. It has nothing to do with me.

I want to punch something.

The emptiness of the castle around me looms like a graveyard. Nobody is here now. Every military commander and noble are doing their part to ensure the survival of the Volgrim, salvage as much technology as possible, and seal the portals before the Kolvaxians make landfall. From what I've heard, three Volgrim worlds are currently under siege. Nobody will tell me anything since Cassiel ordered them not to rile me up. She knows that the more I hear about the situation, the more likely I'll fight Alpha to the death for my right to stay.

Shitty. That's what this is.

I lean against a pillar and tap my wrist. Alpha was supposed to be here an hour ago, yet he makes me wait for no reason. First, he makes everything sound like we're under awful time constraints, then he gets all huffy and storms off, and now he takes his sweet time, as if I didn't already have enough reason to stay.

Fuck it. Fuck it!

I'm not going to wait anymore. Yeah. Yeah! I'm going to teleport to Cassiel, stay by her side, and tell Alpha 'up yours!' Something's wrong with that guy, anyway. Cassiel's a bloodhound when it comes to danger detection.

Footsteps. I tilt my head up and look around, but in the giant hall just inside the palace doors, the acoustics turn every sound into a distant echo. I can't tell what direction the footsteps are coming from.

A half-minute passes and I keep looking around, until finally, I spot the figure. King Elshard.

No, not a king. Cassiel demoted him. He was very gracious about it, too.

Cody Elshard casually strolls over but doesn't smile. "Haven't left yet, have you?"

"No. I'm waiting on that other Jason."

"Mmm." Cody glances around the hall. "I hope you don't fight with him. Rebuilding the palace after the Clone Wars was bad enough the first time. We don't have troops or workers to spare, now."

"Yeah..." I trail off thoughtfully. "I hear you're not a king anymore."

"So they say," He replies dismissively. "I ruled for a short time. I was ineffective. I couldn't stop the demons, and I cannot fight these new monsters. The people have no faith in me, but they believe in the winged one."

"Cassiel," I state rhetorically. "I hear you didn't offer a word of protest. Why not?"

His eyes glaze over. "I don't believe in myself."

"What? You don't?"

He shakes his head. "As I said, I was a failure. I couldn't protect my comrades from dying at the hands of the demons. Saul... Gunther... even Adams. Samantha is the last one of my squadmates alive, and she hates me."

I crinkle my nose. "Oh, come on, Cody. Sam doesn't hate you. That's ridiculous."

He nods. "She does. I locked up all the demons in this city and even accused her of- well, you know. You were there. She saved my skin several times and helped fend off the Grez, and I repaid her with a slap to the face. I'm an ingrate."

I want to tell Cody something comforting like, _no no, it's all in your head, don't worry about it,_ but he has a point.

My feet shuffle around, and Cody scratches a sore on his neck. He winces in pain, so I use the interruption to reply. "I don't think she hates you, but if you haven't apologized already, it's never too late to try."

Cody lightly kicks the pillar. "Yes, perhaps I should."

An awkward silence fills the air between us. After a few moments, Cody turns to leave, but stops. "Oh. Your clone is here."

He points across the hall, and I turn to see Alpha striding toward us from the palace's entrance. The look on his face is grim, and I realize why as I spot the person beside him: Marie.

Her expression could curdle milk. Cody, seeing the unpleasant woman striding toward us, nudges me. "Take care, Jason. Stay safe during your travels."

I nod in response, and the former king trudges away in the opposite direction that Alpha and Marie are coming from, deeper into the castle.

Once Marie is closer, she glances suspiciously at Cody's back, but eventually stops caring and turns to me. "Oh good, you're here on time. At least you're punctual."

"Punctual? What about you?!" I turn to Alpha. "What took you so long? Why is she with you?"

Alpha withstands the barrage of questions like a mountain would against a gentle tide. "There's been a change in plans. Marie's coming with us."

This catches me by surprise. "Uh, okay. But why?"

Marie scowls. "Are you looking a gift horse in the mouth? I gave your girlfriends an armada that I had spent several million years building up under Earth's surface just so they would have a fighting chance. I'd like a bit of gratitude."

She reaches in her shirt pocket and pulls out a cigarette, then lights it with a hidden lighter I didn't notice before. As she puffs on it, I rub the back of my head. "Right, I'm very thankful for that. I don't see what your armada has to do with anything, though."

"It's- well, it's a tit-for-tat thing," Alpha clarifies, "since she did give us a sizable fleet of very powerful ships to defend this universe, she expects some quid-pro-quo."

I'm stunned. I can barely believe my ears. "Marie! There were strings attached?! I thought you gave those ships because you wanted to protect your own skin, at the very least! If the Kolvaxians take over the galaxy-"

"It wouldn't affect me in the slightest," She says, cutting me off mid-sentence. "Anyway, it has nothing to do with you. This development has been a long time coming. Perhaps with this, I can get access to the Marie Council once again."

To say I'm confused would be an understatement. Why does she want to be on the council? Why did they kick her off originally, other than her alignment with Satan in the distant past? I don't know much about her, but if working with the First Emperor is cause enough to kick her off, I don't see why they'd let her back on over something like this. Then again, I don't know anything about Maries beyond the few instances I've talked with one of them.

Alpha replies before I can. "Remember, Marie 19A, I made no promises. I only said I'd ensure they looked into your file. If they suspect you of some plot to destroy the Central Hub, my hands are tied."

She blows smoke in the air and tilts her head away from both of us. "I know that much, imbecile. I'm not stupid. You'd think millions and millions of years of good behavior would make my sisters more lenient, especially if they're as low on womanpower as I think they are."

Now it's Alpha's turn to be visibly confused. "How do you know about the staffing situation?"

A slight smile appears on her face as she jerks her head back to examine him. "I didn't, but I do now. Manipulating you to give me information is like taking candy from a baby. Now, are we going to sit here and blabber all day, or are we going to leave?"

"You're obnoxious," Alpha says with a scowl. At least we both can agree on that much. "I'm beginning to remember why they cast you aside."

Her smile slips. "Don't act sanctimonious with me. You think I was the only one who allied with Satan? I came to this universe to replace Marie 12B. You know, the Marie you _crushed to death with a boulder_. My orders were to replace her and continue maintaining this universe as best as I could. Once you became an all-seeing Thoughtsmith, the other Maries cowered and distanced themselves from Satan, but they used me as a scapegoat! They set me up!"

Alpha reaches up to rub the bridge of his nose. "Right, right. The fact you still hold a grudge won't do you any favors with the Council. It's water under the bridge at this point."

Marie rolls her eyes. "Exactly the response I'd expect from a troglodyte."

_Oh, brother. These two are going to fight the whole time, aren't they?_ I curse silently, wishing I could shut their mouths off for a while. I suppose deafening myself is an option. Wordsmithing truly is a magical thing.

Alpha rubs his hands together. "Alright, enough wasting time." He snaps his fingers, and a moment later, a portal forms, allowing Harold to step through.

The portal closes behind him, and the old man slaps Alpha on the back. "All righty! We 'bout ready to git the heck outta here?"

I glance around. "Wait, we can't go yet. I'm waiting on Samantha."

Alpha raises an eyebrow. "Why?"

"He needs a quickie for the road; I'd wager," Marie jokes.

I resist the urge to hit her. "Samantha hasn't told me her choice yet. I asked her if she wanted to come along."

Alpha answers almost immediately. "It's a no-go. I asked Belial, and she said she was staying behind. Something about... Cassiel's future." An odd look in Alpha's eye makes me double-take.

"She told you that, but didn't tell me?" I stare at him in disbelief. "I... I can't believe Sam would do that."

Alpha pauses hesitantly, as if he's debating his words. "Belial probably just didn't want to face you after turning you down. You know how women can be."

My foot scuffs on the floor. All three of the others stare, waiting for me to give up. "If I leave both of them behind, and something happens, I'll never forgive myself."

Quickly, perhaps _too_ quickly, Alpha spits out, "No no, don't worry about it. Central Hub is probably going to dispatch a Jason or two here. It'll be plenty safe."

Harold holds up his wrist and the smart-watch gadget on it. "Helen's stayin' behind too, kid. S'long as she has her temporal communicabobber, she can send a ping, and I'll catch it! We can pop back in a jiffy if somethin' happens!"

Alpha relaxes. "Yeah, what Harold said. There's nothing to worry about. Let's stop dawdling and get a move on."

Hesitating, I glance at the doorway to the palace, half-expecting her to come running through it. She won't, of course. I'm acting like a child.

Finally, I relent. "Okay. Do it."

"Took him long enough," Marie mutters under her breath.

"Synchronize our position, Harold," Alpha says, as he breathes a sigh of relief. _He's glad I'm not putting up a fight anymore,_ I muse to myself.

The old man taps his watch, and a holographic display hovers above it. For several moments, he taps on the panels floating in midair. His face tenses up as he presses buttons.

Impatience appears on Alpha's face. "Is it that glitch again?"

Harold nods. "It's the damnedest thing, kid. Stupid gizmo has a mind of its own."

"Glitch?" I ask. "What glitch?"

Alpha laughs nervously. "W-well, you know how I told you we could pop back a minute after we left, but instead we showed up two and a half months later?"

"Uh-huh."

He continues. "The thing is, that _used_ to be the case. There's been weird interference with our synchronizers for several thousand jumps. Marie Alpha and her whole R&D division can't pinpoint the problem."

I feel my fists clench up. "You mean to tell me... you knew we wouldn't be able to return when you said we could? You lied to me?"

"N-not, a lie." Alpha chuckles again. "Technically, we could, it's just really difficult because of the syncing glitch. I have to over-compensate if I feel distortion lag."

Marie leans against a pillar. "Wow. And here I thought the Central Hub was supposed to be smart. Maybe I'm not missing out on anything important after all."

Harold rolls his eyes. "Ding-damn, woman. Everything has a bug or two 'n it. 's not a big deal at all. Let the ladies at HQ do their jobs 'n they'll fix it eventually." He pauses. "I hope."

Once again I'm left to smolder and choke on my anger. Not only did Alpha know that we probably couldn't return 'a minute later' like he said, but he also lied to me about it. I hate liars. Can't turn my back on them. If he lied once, who's to say he won't lie about other things?

"Mmm. There we go, I think," Harold says, as he closes off his holographic display. "Okay, kid. Do your thing."

Alpha smiles cheerfully at me. "Okey dokey, here we go!"

My teeth grind together as I force a smile. "Yeah. Here we go."

The world changes around us. For a split second, I can almost hear a voice calling out to me, but it's probably nothing. Just my imagination.

............................................................................

I'm late! Shoot, I should have run faster! I had to stop to take care of some wounded soldiers, but I know Jason won't fault me for that.

Devils! How long was I tending their wounds? Ten minutes? Twenty? After I leave with Jason, Cassiel will have to do all the healing herself. I have to help while I still can.

The hallways of the Labyrinth are a blur as I press my feet against walls and rush forward at incredible speed. Thankfully, with humans and demons pouring all their energy into the war-efforts, there's nobody in my path to slow me down. I can move as fast as possible!

The Labyrinth opens up around me to reveal the outpost that leads to Hero City. I slow to a halt and quickly show the guards my ID, and they let me pass with more than a cursory glance at my body, but I ignore them and press onward. Their gaze means nothing to me.

Once inside the portal, I glance around. Only a mile to go! I'm practically there! The palace looms in the distance, and I glance up at the star in the sky. 6:30? Maybe 7:00? I can't tell! This planet, like all other ones, has its own timescale, and I'm still not used to it.

Either way, I'm late. I know that much!

I take several shortcuts, leap over walls in a single bound, breathe a sigh of relief at how few soldiers there are in the city.

The palace grows bigger as I approach, and my heart flip-flops. _He's still there! He has to be!_ He promised me he'd beg and plead with Alpha to let me come with him. I told him I might stay, but there's no way he'd leave me behind without a definite answer!

Another shortcut. I'll have to enter through the rear of the palace. A thirty-foot wall protects it, but I can clear that with ease. Indeed, I make a forty-foot hop and barely use any energy at all. Landing on the ground, I stumble a little as my bare feet smush into a soft patch of dirt. My body loses control, and I tumble forward, face-first, but catch myself before I taste soil.

It takes a second for me to pull myself up, but when I do, I spot King Elshard sitting on a bench, staring at me in surprise. No, that's wrong. He's not a king anymore. I don't think he's even a noble.

Elshard waves at me nervously. "O-oh! Samantha! Uh, hello?"

I nod at him quickly. "Cody." I glance past him at the rear entrance. "Have you seen Jason?"

He blushes slightly, and I realize my top must have shifted slightly. "Err, yes. He's, uh, inside the- well, the palace. Near the front."

"Oh, great. Thanks!" I start to take off, but Cody jumps to his feet.

"Wait! Uh, S-Samantha..."

Irritation passes over my face. I don't care about what he has to say. Jason's waiting for me!

Then again, I'm about to leave this universe, possibly for a very long time. I can't just leave bad blood behind.

"What?"

He rubs his hands together sheepishly. "I need to apologize to you. For everything. I've been not only a terrible ruler, but a terrible friend."

"It's fine, it's fine," I say, quickly brushing him off. "Don't even worry about it."

"You and I are the last, you know," He says, quickly. "The last of our squad. Gunther and Saul are both gone. So are the others."

His words make me pause. "Yes, I suppose that's true."

Cody flinches, as if an imaginary fist is about to hit him. "Do you hate me?"

"For what?"

"For putting demons in camps. For insulting you after you went off with Jason for a few months. For all the things I've done."

While I _am_ late, he has a point. "I don't hate you. At worst, I felt betrayed, but I got over it. Demons tried to kill you. You coped in the worst way possible, but no permanent damage was done. Honestly, you could have caused plenty more harm."

Relief swells up in his eyes. "Oh... that- that means a lot, coming from you."

I take a hesitant step toward the door. "Um, I'm glad I could help you feel better, Cody."

He nods quickly and wipes his eyes. _Tears?_ "Yeah, thank you, Sam. I've been going through a lot of emotions today."

Devils. I feel bad leaving him like this, but...

"Take care, Cody." I force a smile and dash away, nearly tearing the flimsy oak door off its hinges. Sometimes when I'm in a rush, I forget my strength!

The halls blur past as I rush toward the front entrance. _Damn! Why did it have to be on the wrong side of the palace?!_

"Jason! Jason!" I yell for him, unsure where to look.

Voices in the distance. "-we go!"

_Go? Go where?_ My heart skips a beat. They're right at the front door! Move, legs!

"Jason!" I come into view of the four of them, right as they vanish. Just before they disappear, I catch a glimpse of his face. His eyes lower, and incredible anger fills his gaze. I'd know that look of his anywhere.

And, just like that, they're gone. Four people. I barely noticed the other three.

I slow to a walk and stumble over to where they were just standing. "Jas...on?"

He's gone. I'm too late.

He left without me.

Why? Why would he leave? I thought he was going to wait.

Oh. That's right. He looked angry before they jumped. Was it because of me? Was he angry that I didn't show? No, that can't be it. He'd know I was busy, right?

Or... maybe he didn't. Maybe he thinks I chose Cass over him. But... but I didn't. I didn't!

Why would he be angry?! I don't understand!

My knees tremble, and I slump to the ground. _He left without me, and it's all my fault. I should have been here sooner. I'm a floozy! I'm stupid!_

It's all my fault.
