Part 109: Blast

Lieutenant Cody and his group of 30 elite marines walked down the corridors quietly. In recent weeks, things had changed quite a bit, with the enemy preparing traps that could turn deadly if they weren't spotted in time.

Cody stared ahead, an expressionless face searching all around his group, as they walked. He was quickly rising in the military ranks, and could soon rise to the rank of captain. Of course, 'Captain' was a title that Captain Adams still used, but only because that's what everyone called him. In reality, he was more of a king... but Adams was a humble man.

Cody, however, was not. He wasn't a braggart either, but he was a man who loved war. He loved the taste of death and decay. He loved slicing, bashing, and as of recently, blasting his enemies to smithereens. He made an excellent commander though because Cody was fiercely competitive. He hated losing, even up to losing just a single man. He tried to win on all fronts, using advanced pincer movements and a technique the Slayer had mentioned in passing called "Blitzkrieg" where you simply rush through enemy lines, blasting them down before they have the ability to fight back.

But today, he had to be more cautious. As one of the weapon specialists who was able to test new weaponry, he was tasked with using the existing armory that he and his men had grown used to over the last few months, but also some improved weaponry finally released for the final testing phase before they became available for active duty use.

Cody and his team walked until they arrived at a section of the catacombs that narrowed down into a smaller hallway, leading up to a solid iron door. Cody grimaced. He hated doors. Anything could be behind them.

He turned to Saul. "You're up. Test it here, we'll see if it has any effect before we try something else."

Saul, a tall skinny man with pale skin, nodded as he walked forwards. He adjusted the new glove-type weapon on his hand. It was metallic, just like Gunther's, but less armored and bulky. It had some long stretchy tubes that went from the glove to a device he wore on his back, which gave the glove its main abilities.

Saul walked up to the door and braced himself as he aimed his Buddha Palm, as they called it, at the door. Aiming his palm forwards, he waited for the order to fire at twenty-five-percent power.

Cody raised his hand, paused for a second or two as his men stiffened their bodies.

Then he dropped his hand down. "Fire."

BOOM!

A blast of fire and hot air shot out of the well protected glove weapon as the canister inside the suit did its job. The air rushed forward, instantly encountering the door as a narrow stream, widening as it impacted against the steel frame. The door was barred and barricaded on the other side though, so it only shook mightily as the rushing air and fire came to a rapid halt. The entire process took about three seconds.

The air in the room was noticeably warmer. Saul wiped sweat off his brow with his left hand after quickly loading another shell in the back left bottom corner of the backpack suit. The process had become automatic for him thanks to hours of training. This was not just a weapon or a tool, this meant the lives of his friends and comrades, his commander, and even himself could be at stake if he failed to reload and fire when needed.

He loaded the Yellow cartridge this time, the one for 50% power. The blue cartridge was clearly not strong enough, and the orange and red cartridges might just be too much power. Not to mention Red was only for extreme emergencies. The fire and air were hot enough to dissolve organic matter and presented a major risk of killing the suit wearer. In fact, any wearer of the Buddha Palm was only outfitted with a single Red level cartridge, while having at least four oranges.

Cody wiped his own forehead, noting the sudden increased temperature in the room. "Saul, pull back. If it doesn't work on the next cartridge, we'll roast to death. Let Samantha take this one."

Saul nodded. "As you wish, Lieutenant."

He stepped back from the door as the pretty black-haired lady stepped forwards.

"Alright, go knock that flimsy door down for me, sweetheart. As soon as you do, get back and let the big boys get in there."

Samantha rolled her eyes as she faced forwards. The lieutenant didn't see it. "Please, boys will always be boys." Samantha advanced forwards, her forked tail darting around here and there as she playfully danced and skipped along towards the door. "Watch and learn, kids!"

Hooking her middle finger down with her thumb, she aimed it at the door. _Flick_. With a single finger, she smashed the door forwards, sending it blasting into the room along with whatever had been blocking it before.

Instead of retreating backwards, she boldly entered the room. "See? Should have asked me from the start."

Cody scowled. This succubus would be the death of his men.
