Part 186

The young man carefully tapped the chisel with his hammer, slowly carving off bits of wood. He was sweating a little bit, but nothing unlike what he had already dealt with.

The work was slow, but steady-going. As he shaped the wood, the chair he was creating slowly took shape. It was plain, like the clothes he wore, but it had a special _something_ to it. Love, hard work, and attention to details were some of the many reasons he and his father were popular craftsmen in his village.

His father walked into the humble shop, crafted by his own hands a few years earlier. "Ah, it's comin' along pretty well, boy. Mary's gonna love it!"

His dad patted him on the back, and then walked over to take his own seat. "King Herod has ordered me to make more implements of punishment, as he usually does. I want you to finish up with that chair, take it in to your mother, and leave me here for a few hours."

The young boy nodded quietly, as he continued chiseling at the chair. "Just a few more minutes, father."

Dad watched quietly as his son finished up his chair, then he quietly got up and left without saying a word.

_I wonder if what my wife said was really true. A virginal conception? Who ever has heard of it? But her chastity was pure..._

Joseph turned back to begin work on the wooden cross. Another one for the king, orders were orders.

...................................................................

Mary turned around as she saw her son walk in the house. "Jesus, is that the chair you were making for me?" Her son nodded and smiled as he quietly pulled up the chair and pushed it in to the table.

"Do you mind if I sit in it?" Mary smiled as Jesus nodded again. She sat down and was pleased by the concave shape for the seat. "It's made of wood, yet so comfortable!"

Jesus walked over and sat on his own smaller chair he had crafted a few months ago. "Mother, is it time for the passover festival yet?" He reached over and grabbed a sharp knife and piece of wood so he could carve drawings while he sat down.

Mary paused. "I'm sorry, Jesus, but it won't be here for another two weeks. I do know how you love to go."

Jesus nodded quietly as he sat and carved. He had a feeling that he was no ordinary child, yet something inside of him seemed to prevent him from digging any deeper. All he knew was that inside temples of worship, he felt much different than he did here at home. Something was calling to him, but he could not quite put his hand on it. Perhaps, when he was older, he would understand.

...

After a few hours, Jesus was in bed, nearly falling asleep when he heard his father enter the house. It was dark out, so Joseph must have been out cutting the tool for Herod late into the night. He could hear his mother and father speaking quietly in the living room. How he was able to hear words so clearly, and think so clearly, especially at such a young age, it frankly mystified him.

"He's asking about the passover festival again." Mary whispered, but Jesus heard. "I worry about him, you know. He's so smart for such a young boy."

Joseph sighed. "What about the dream I had shortly after he was born? Could it have been real?"

Mary stared at him silently for a few moments. "Perhaps. It is not in our hands anymore. It is up to the gods, or god, or whoever rules over us."

Joseph smiled sweetly at his wife. "Come now, the other boys will be back soon from their trip. Let's prepare their beds. We should leave this idle talk in the past."

Mary nodded as the two of them quickly got up and headed into the shared bedroom for the boys.

Jesus simply pretended he was fast asleep.