Part 220a:

"We've received a communication from Volgarius, direct from the Founders themselves." Primus 16 glanced at the symbols scrolling across his datapad as he read the message title. "URGENT: Must read immediately."

"That was remarkably fast. How were they able to transmit a message within a tenth of an orbital cycle?" Elder Nufaris stared ahead at the vast emptiness of space as he folded his arms behind his back.

"I'm not sure. Perhaps new technology? We've been gone a great many orbits, you know." Primus 16 almost felt silly, reminding the Elder of such a normal thing. Of _course_ he knew how long they'd been gone. He knew better than anyone.

The Elder graciously ignored what other elders might consider a grievous slight. "Hmm, yes, indeed. Still, I thought we had reached the limits of space travel, yet they're still finding new ways to innovate. Read me the message."

Primus 16 nodded as he pressed the command to open it. Usually a direct message to the Elder would only be readable by the Elder, but since he gave the order in front of the entire crew, their AI allowed it this time.

Primus started to read, but before he could speak the first words, his voice caught as his eyes read faster than his lips could speak. "E-Elder. I do not believe I should read this aloud."

Nufaris glanced back at him. "Hmm? Give it here." He took the datapad from Primus 16 and read the message contents silently.

_Immediately leave Sector 16 space. Do not return. Do not engage. Do not contact the primitives. Failure to comply will result in immediate court martial._

The message was simple and short. Just a single paragraph. No explanations of any sort. Nufaris glared down at the datapad in his hands. Of course he would comply, but this wording... what made the Founders themselves send a message with such urgent contents? It was almost as if they were hiding something.

Nufaris raised his eyes up from the datapad, as he stared through the diamond-like plexiglass at the Void outside his ship. Hundreds of billions of stars. and he had stumbled upon the only other known one with life on it, and now the Founders would surely take credit for it. What was a lowly Elder to do but comply. Were it just himself, he might act against it, but putting the lives of his crew at risk was non-negotiable.

How he longed for the days of his youth, when he was scolded by his teachers and the ones who formed him from the maturation chambers.

Nufaris sighed deeply, a sigh filled with thousands of years of anguish. After all his time searching, he'd finally found a tiny blue ball, shrouded in the blackness of space, filled with terrifyingly violent barbarian natives. While primitive, they reminded him of the Past Ages, stories he had heard when he was but a youth on his planet, merely a few hundred orbits old. The Volgrim had once been barbaric and ruthless in their own ways, and had eventually entered the age of enlightenment, allowing them to move past petty disputes, for the good of their civilization.

Naturally, they still possessed fantastic weapons of war, old automatons left over from the Final War tens of thousands of years ago, but as of now, those old relics were left in ancient museums to collect dust.

Staring out the window at the blue dot, far into the distance, Nufaris felt a tinge of regret. He should very much have liked to be the one to initiate first contact with these primitives. Perhaps he might have gained insight into how his own people had evolved into the enlightened state they were in now.

Nufaris felt his sigh fade into the air around him as he turned to his helmsman. "Ichus, set course, warp 6. Return us to Volgarius."

Ichus turned around, his face filled with dismay. "We're... returning home?"

"Yes, Ichus. We do not question the orders of Volgarius, especially when they come from the Founders themselves."

"O-of course, Elder. My apologies." Ichus turned around, quickly pressing some buttons on his console.

The ship slowly turned around, deliberately, as if it were desperately fighting itself to leave. Indeed, even their own ship seemed to not wish to leave this place behind.

At that moment, Kelfarim 19, the bridge member in charge of the scanning crew, jerked back from his seat. "E-elder! A ship! That planetoid suddenly had a new spaceship fly into its orbit. It looks highly advanced! I-it's scanning us with a long range scanner not unlike ours!"

Nufaris felt his blood chill to absolute zero as he whipped his head around to look at the scanning image on the viewscreen. This far from the third planet, almost at the edge of the asteroid belt, they couldn't get a clear image of it, but their scans indicated it was a _massive_ ship. Easily ten times the size of their own.

"Report. Give me details on it."

"Right, Elder. It has a- by the founders! It wields a massive arsenal of weapons! Primitive nuclear torpedo launchers, advanced plasma cannons, photon phasers, and possibly gravity bombs too! At least three hundred weapons on the firing side, and another hundred or so on the rear side."

Ichus was doing his own examination of the data. "Their scanner is at least as advanced as ours! They have tactical data on our capabilities!"

Nufaris blanched. His ship was a scouting ship. It had no weaponry in the slightest. If that monstrosity attacked them, they would be shredded in seconds. "Ichus! Get back to work! Get us out of here, now!"

As he spoke, the AI on board their ship suddenly activated an alarm. "RED ALERT. RED ALERT. INTRUDER DETECTED ONBOARD THE DOLFRAXIS. INTRUDER LOCATED IN BRIDGE SECTION 001. RED ALERT."

The bridge?! That meant-! Nufaris jerked his head back around to see a single bipedal life-form standing on board their bridge. None of its body was visible, as it wore a suit colored pure white, with a strange golden symbol of some animal native to their planet across the front. The being wore a helmet, likely to disguise his identity.

"The intruder-!" Ichus reared back in fright, as did the other staff on the bridge. The intruder raised a single five fingered hand up at the Elder, as the lower half of his helmet slid open, revealing a mouth and chin. He spoke, in perfect Volgarian.

"Hold. I mean you no harm."
