Part 247a:

Today was a good day.

Unable to think of a good way to use my power against the Volgrim attack force directly, I instead opted to simply clone drone bombers and fighters over and over, each piloted by a human controller on the Moon Base. Each time a drone was destroyed, the human would take over and launch another drone bomber or fighter.

In fact, it went so well I couldn't believe it. It took me a few drops of power to clone each fighter, and that included their deadly arsenal of bombs and shrapnel cannons. Altogether, I must have created thirty thousand drones over the course of the day. The bombers were the ones that dealt the most damage, but since every drone looked identical, regardless of its arsenal, the enemy didn't know which ones to target with their cruisers and which to engage with their fighters.

The entire battle lasted for 15 straight hours, but we finally drove them home. Both sides suffered serious losses, but in the end, we were victorious.

But we can't keep suffering losses like this. We lost 70% of our fighting forces, and I'm not sure we'd have been victorious if it weren't for the drones I kept cloning. If I have to be on the battlefield for every major engagement, that will put a serious dampener on all my other plans.

"Harold... we can't keep losing soldiers like this." I sighed as I slumped into my ultra-comfortable captain's chair. Now that the battle was over, my face was again burning with pain, though at this point I had largely started tuning it out.

"I hear ya, kid. We lost good men and women today. I've read the records of a few of 'em, like Colonel Jerriah, she was a tried and true soldier. She was born 'n raised in the Philippines, lived a hard life on the streets, and then she got in with the UEF when you reformed the world's military. Now she's dead, havin' fought and died for her people. She was a decorated colonel, well on her way up the ladder. But make no mistake, she fought because she wanted to. Your job ain't to feel guilty, kid. Your job is to make sure others don't die like she did."

I nodded slowly at his words. "Yeah... I guess you're right. Still, I feel like I have all this limitless power and I just don't know how to properly use it. Maybe if I was more proficient, I could make humanity unstoppable. Right now, it's like I'm sparking tiny flames at ants on the ground. I'm having some impact, but it's not very measurable like it should be. Even then, I also have the issue that I have to be present for any battle in order for us to win. What if I'm busy somewhere else and humanity needs my help? They could all die."

Harold stayed silent for ten straight seconds. I felt myself grow uncomfortable as my words simply hung in the air. Finally, a mental image of his face resting in the palm of his hands appeared in my mind. "Kid... are you stupid?"

That wasn't what I expected for his reply. "Uh, I don't think so, but... maybe?"

"I'm over a hundred years old at this point, ya know. I've seen some crazy things in my life. You've got the power to change reality with jes' a single word, yet yer actin' all weak 'n stuff. Kid, think for a moment, alright, just _think_. What is one thing ya already _did_ that ye could do again to make yer forces invincible?"

I paused to think for a moment. Nothing entered my mind. "I don't follow."

"Of course ya don't follow... what a simpleton, I tell ya. Look, you made yer suit super strong, right? You took a full blast of fire from capital ships 'n shrugged it off like it was nothin'! Why not do the same thing for yer spaceships, eh?"

"No. I don't think that would work. My suit is really small. Hardening and strengthening it is easy because it's so small. But on a big spaceship, there's a lot more to strengthen, so it would take a lot more energy. It's a good idea in theory, but I lack the energy to make it happen."

"Aight, I see where yer comin' from kid, but let's ignore the really big ships, and look at the itty bitty ones. Why not make one o' them small drones a lot tougher, then use it as a ramming weapon? Think of it! Ye could turn it into a reusable ramming weapon!"

I paused again as his idea sunk in. By the gods, he's absolutely right. "Harold, you're a genius."

"I know, I know. Christ, kids these days, can't think of anything fer themselves. Always too busy bumpin' uglies to think o' the big picture. Sheesh."

Before he could finish his sentence, I had already teleported over to the flagship where Commander Beatrix was located. Popping over right to her unique signature on the bridge, I immediately yelled out loud, startling her and every hand on the bridge at the same time. "COMMANDER BEATRIX! I HAVE AN IDEA!"

I didn't think things over too quickly, but luckily the Bitch of Britannia (As she had become known as of late) was not one to stay startled for long. As she quickly regained her composure, she glared at me slight. "Gods, Judicator. Learn to control yourself. What is this idea you have?"

...................................................................

Beatrix eyed the small shuttle outside the ship as it began accelerating towards the Moon. "You're sure this will work? This seems like a waste of time and money if it doesn't."

"I have about a 90% confidence threshold. Even if it doesn't completely work, I can simply strengthen the next one up more."

She nodded as she turned to me slightly and eyed me quizzically. "You know, ever since you've arrived as a savior to humanity, I've always pondered on what your abilities must be. To me they seem... almost godlike. Will you never reveal your identity to the rest of us?"

I shook my head. "It's not so much about hiding my identity out of shame. I keep my identity a secret because the focus needs to be on my words and deeds, not my past."

"Sounds suspicious, if you ask me." Beatrix turned back towards the viewscreen as the ship began its rapid acceleration to 2,000 miles per second. At this speed, traveling from the Earth to the Moon would take about two minutes, a frankly insane speed as I saw it. "If this works, you understand the implications, right?"

I nodded. "Of course. We will be unable to lose battles. We'll be too strong."

"No. I'm not talking about battles. I'm talking about the moral implications. If we have ships that literally cannot be destroyed by any known physical force, we will have a wildly unfair advantage in the war. It will be our duty to bring things to a diplomatic end, preferably with a full peace treaty. If we don't, it will be like an adult beating a child to death with a crowbar. We'll be the _villain_ in this play of yours. And let me be straight with you, Judicator... once word of this gets out, and it surely will, pro-war factions on Earth will make motions to annihilate the Volgrim. I... fear the consequences of what we will see in just one more minute."

I frowned at her under my helmet, though she likely couldn't see my expression. "Strange. I always thought you loved fighting and you loved war."

She immediately scowled at me, irritation visible on her face. "Moron. I hate war. I detest fighting. I only do this because it is the one thing I'm good at. To give perspective, my mother was taught by her mother to sew beautiful clothing. She hated sewing and only did it later in life because she had been taught how to do it. She made a decent living off her craftsmanship, and she went to the grave swearing no daughter of hers would ever be a sissy housewife."

The scowl dissipated and Beatrix sighed. "Ironically, by training me to be a fighter and not be some pushover pansy runt, she pigeonholed me into a lifestyle in the same way her own mother did to her. I don't regret it, as without me Earth might very well be destroyed... but I do not love war. Make no mistake, there is little I hate more than the deaths of my countrymen or those whom I hold no personal grudge against."

Beatrix then did something that profoundly shocked me. She placed her hand up on my shoulder, nearly an entire foot above herself. "Judicator, promise me one thing. No matter how this test turns out... you must never stop trying to end this war. The longer it drags on, the more dead young boys and girls there will be dying meaningless deaths in this black empty hell for a bureaucracy that care nothing for their lives. Promise me, no matter what happens, that you will somehow end the war."

I turned and stared back into the eyes of a tough old bitch, one who had seen friends and family die horrible deaths by the will of those she could not resist. Behind that tough exterior was an unthinkable sadness. Emotions, raw, untouched feelings that I personally had not felt for a long time myself. When did I stop feeling emotions? When did I stop playing around and having fun? When did I stop loving other humans? When did I stop caring?

"I will stop at nothing. I will end the war." I spoke the truth as it were in my mind at that moment.

"Thank you. That is the only personal request I will ever make of you, or anyone else in this life."

As Beatrix and I looked at each other, a crewman sounded off. "Commander! 20 seconds to contact with the Moon's surface. Should we slow down? At this rate it will impact the moon and cause a devastating crater."

Beatrix removed her hand from my shoulder as she nodded to the crewman. "The impact is our _goal_, ensign. Maintain a forward course. Begin a countdown when ready."

The ensign raised an eyebrow but turned back to his display. "Commander, we're at T-minus 5 seconds on my mark....Mark. T-minus five, four, three, two, one..."

The ensign's voice trailed off as it took a second for the speed of light to catch up to the impact. With my near superhuman vision, I barely even saw it, but the explosion had to be terrific. The impact was big enough to leave a two-mile wide crater on the moon, and a massive dust cloud formed over the area as lunar dust was blasted upwards several miles above the Moon's surface.

The ensign paused. "You're... kidding. I'm receiving a strong signal from the impact site. Visual is coming up negative but... a systems check is passing and- NINETY-FIVE PERCENT HULL INTEGRITY?!" The ensigns jaw almost hit the ground as he yelled the alarming number out loud. "M-minor damage to the front of the ship, which directly impacted the moon, and insignificant damage to the surrounding areas, with no damage to the- what the devil is this?!"

As he gaped, I smirked openly, as my gaze swung over to Beatrix. "Heh, told you so."

Beatrix didn't return the expression. Her face was as cold as ice. "Don't forget what I told you, Judicator. The implications of this are enormous."

We didn't find out until much later just how enormous those implications _actually were_.
