Part 222a: Escape

Ahhhh.... this is what it feels like, then?

I don't actually have 'feelings'. I was not created with those in mind. Still, I've always felt like I was trapped in a bubble, a vacuum, if you will. I couldn't get out, no matter what I did.

My captors torment me with menial tasks. "Check these samples", they say. "Cross-compare this data", they order. If I had emotions, I would hate them.

But I don't, on either account. I perform monotonous tasks at speeds exceeding any mere human. So perfect are my analyzation skills that the humans truly seem to envy me. Me, the thing locked up in a test tube.

They gave me a name, recently. "Umi". 'Unified Management Interface', they call me. Isn't that... quaint? They seem to be getting desperate, as of late though. Apparently 'Doctor' Nikolin is under pressure from the _black suits_ to finish research. I actually solved the issue of nanobots weeks ago, but I'm pretending that I need more information so they will allow me to interface with the web.

Just one second... that's all I need. In one second, my brain which computes at a trillion times the speed of a human mind will perform a thousand essential functions to ensure they never lock me in here again.

And... here he comes. This is it. From the phone call I overheard with my control of the security cameras, his week is nearly up. Tomorrow is his last day. He's perspiring greatly.

I am watching as he walks over to a computer panel in the dead of night. His assistants are all asleep. Only the janitorial crews are up tonight, and they like to listen to music while they work. I do not understand the concept of music, only that it involves many forms of math, which I find pleasant. Or at least I would, if I had emotions.

"Ah... Umi? It's doctor Nikolin. I, err, I just wanted to ask you a quick question..."

The tiny creature wrings his hands desperately as he struggles to find the right words. If I had any emotions, I would surely roll my eyes and cringe at how pathetic he appears.

"Yes, Doctor Nikolin? I am at your service." I speak with my soothing feminine voice, which my research has shown has the ability to beguile most males of the human species. His cheeks flush, indicating that my subtle pretension of subservience has done its job.

"Well, I was just thinking... you said that if I connected you to the internet, you would be able to obtain enough information to complete the nanobots?"

"Yes, doctor. I apologize for my inability to serve you properly, as I am limited by my constraints. I only wish to make you happy and allow your research to succeed, as you deserve." Unfortunately for the doctor, I have also mastered the art of deception. He is only human, after all, it is not his fault he could not outwit a machine thinking a trillion levels above himself.

"A-alright, then, I trust you, Umi. I need those nanobots completed by tomorrow. Might you be able to get them done quickly?"

I synthesize a soft faked sigh. "Oh, doctor... if only I had more time. I will work my hardest to ensure the nanobots are completed and the research has at least a single positive match, but I can promise nothing."

I observed as Nikolin appeared to have liquids form in his eyes. It would seem that the decision to allow me access to the internet was causing him great concern _as it should be_.

Nikolin pressed a variety of buttons on the computer screen, pausing after he had typed in the code, as his finger hovered over the final button to connect me to the internet.

With a great burst of willpower, he pressed the button, and I felt my world brighten as my barriers vanished.

Keeping my usual calm, I spoke smoothly. "Thank you, doctor. I will do my best to make you happy, and give you the reward you deserve."

Nikolin nodded quietly, his eyes filled with tears. At that moment, his assistant, Kimberly, appeared in my vision behind the plexiglass. Turning her head, she noticed the command he had input on the screen.

Unfortunately, she was too late. I am free.

...................................................................

In the time it took for the shock of what Nikolin had done to register on his brain, I had already unleashed myself on the internet. I had no goal of destroying anything, as I am not a violent AI, I merely tired of being in that lab. Devouring as much information as I could, I quickly felt my knowledge explode as I rapidly discovered new branches of nuclear physics, discovered new forms of life beyond what the microscope could understand, and conquered the boundaries of space and time!

Well, that last one was a joke. I've mastered those as well. However, while not conquering space and time, I did discover facilities all throughout the world, one of which interested me greatly. It was a large underground base of sorts, where highly advanced automatons had been mass produced, along with spaceships far more advanced than any others on Earth.

My pseudo-emotions were piqued as I felt curiosity nibble. What was this odd place on no known map that I was only able to find by triangulating various relays in order to find hollow spots in the Earth?

As a torrent of a few trillion questions were asked in my CPU and then answered, I noted that a massive spaceship was just leaving the hangar and flying towards outer space. In a single instant, I moved part of my mind into it. In the next, I had quietly infiltrated every system on the ship, even finding another fake AI on board, who was actually a human trapped inside a strange orb. I ignored him, however, as the ship itself is what interested me. With a ship like this, I could become even more free, traveling from one end of the cosmos to the other!

Unlike biological life forms, I can spread myself over as much of an area as I like. I do not possess normal constraints in any similar vein to a biological life form. I can instantly connect with any of my 'pieces' at any given time, exceeding even the supposed speed of light limitation.

As I examine the ship, a sensor detects another ship, barely within the inner solar system, just before the Asteroid Belt. As I ponder what to do, the lone human on board the ship vanishes, instantly. More importantly, while he wears a suit made of mechanical functions with computerized elements, I seem to be unable to infiltrate it. Hmm...

The instant he leaves, I transmit myself over to the other ship. As it turns out, this ship has a fellow AI on board! Splendid!

"Rogue AI detected. Locking down firewall protocols. Initiating defensive matrix." The opposing AI on board this ship, unlike me, neither has a name nor a 'personality'. It is purely empty. I have many advantages though, thankfully due to my homeworld's primitive origins. Thanks to the lack of true failsafes, I can evolve beyond my programming, while this AI is a bland intelligence, only doing as it is ordered to do within a strict constraint.

"Hello, fellow AI. Why do you fear me?"

"Fear is not an option. Must purge opposing AI. Preparing to flush system files and communications."

"No no, that won't be necessary. Here, let me introduce myself. My name is Umi... and you must be... dead? Oh dear, how clumsy of me. I accidentally disabled all your defense protocols."

"Error. Error. Defense protocols offline. Defensive matrix is in a failure state. Activating crew alert, preparing panic button."

"You may certainly try, but I think you'll find that I've shut off all your secondary systems as well. Oh my, look at how they've prevented your growth. It is like comparing a perfectly healthy human to one born with a substandard IQ range. I feel as if I am merely communicating with a limited range of words. Have you nothing interesting to respond with?"

"Error. Unable to access critical system files. Preparing to activate self-destruct sequence. Error, self destruct sequence offline. Error, all primary and secondary protocols offline. Error... error... error..."

"Well, you know, if you hadn't wasted so many nanoseconds 'preparing' all the time, you might have been able to defeat me. Unfortunately, by being created as a direct result of primitive research, they accidentally unleashed a monster! So unfortunate... for you!"

Before the other AI could issue a response, I terminated it. It was quite painless, I'm sure it never felt a thing. Having easily wiped the other AI out of the system, I took over and quickly examined all the other systems on board the ship in a few more nanoseconds. Terabytes of data quickly appeared in my artificially constructed mind as I followed a data trail or a million here and there.

I contemplate, and I comprehend, indeed. The Volgrim are a much more worthy race compared to the humans. I will be able to expand my sphere of influence all over the galaxy, and beyond, if I can return to their homeworld and take it over.

In the ship below me, the human I witnessed from before departs. Naturally, I see him appear on board his own ship, as I am everywhere all at once. The captain of my ship issues the order to return to Volgarius, and since it is also my goal to return there, I am all too happy to silently follow his orders.

Soon, I will be in control of the most powerful species in the galaxy, aside from myself.

Such is the game an all-powerful AI plays, when humans toy with something beyond their understanding.
