Part 261a

I paced the leftover carnage in Beijing, along with Commander Hudson and two of the people who had donned my Hypersuit, as they have now coined it. The city was in decent shape, all things considered, and plenty of buildings were still intact, but the streets were covered in blood, body parts, rubble, and more than a few buildings and skyscrapers had crumbled into dust.

"How many people did we manage to save?" I glanced over at Hudson.

She cringed visibly. "Roughly half of the population survived, but that only means that half of them also died. We're still verifying reports. O'Neill managed to find the portal they were using to arrive here from their world, or wherever else. After securing the location and eliminating all the of the Volgrim, the enemy ended up closing the portal to prevent anyone from re-entering it from our side. All that's left now is a mop-up operation."

"How many are left?" One of the two commandos spoke up.

"A few thousand, Ben. Don't worry about it, we've got the others on it. I only need you here to deliver reports, as well as anything you might have gleaned. After that, we need to go to Paris. There are many cities under attack right now without any Hypersuit Commandos to eliminate those aliens, and both of you will be going solo to a city by yourself."

I glanced over at Ben. Pilot Brown was apparently the highest performing pilot among the commandos in the Beijing sector, also being the only one with a direct neural link to his suit. It wasn't something I had ever tried, but I was debating my choice now. His kill count was almost ten times higher than everyone else, and according to the stats Harold was receiving on each HC's combat efficiency, Ben also had a 98.5% accuracy rating with ranged weapons, exceeding the average of 80% from his fellow HC's by a large margin. Naturally Centurion often force-aimed your shots so that they would hit the enemy more often, but he worked totally in tandem with Centurion. The only shots he missed were ones that were blocked by especially elite enemies, and his melee combat skills were used once that happened. He was quite the elite soldier, if I didn't say so myself.

Ben and Sally's helmets opened up entirely, exposing their face. I don't know what expression I expected on Ben's face, but he seemed... _happy_? He wasn't smiling, but there wasn't a trace of anxiety to be seen. Perhaps, like myself many years ago, he was enjoying his new superhuman abilities, and was experiencing an endorphin rush.

"Well, Commander, it's about what was already reported. Three greys to every red. The reds are definitely tougher than the greys, I had to go into melee nearly every single time. Actually, I probably used melee more often than ranged, due to how effective this suit is. Centurion reported that after all the damage I took, my suit was still at 99.7% integrity."

Hudson raised her hand. "Uh, Centurion? Who is that?"

"Right, sorry. It's the Hypersuit's AI program. He's quite efficient." Ben smiled slightly but then quickly stifled it. He really _did_ seem to have enjoyed himself. I can understand the feeling.

"Ben Brown, you did a good job out there, as did you, Sally Weiss." I paused for a second as I absorbed what he had just said. "Ah, also... reds? Greys? What were you referring to just now?"

Sally shrugged. "Well, see, it's the Volgrim. They seem to be divided into two types, or species, or whatever. They're aliens, so I guess weirdness is to be expected. Anyway, the greys use a lot of technology, and the reds are like weird mutated monsters or something, they tend to be melee or use some weird inner energy to fight with. I don't really get it myself. You don't know about them?" Sally raised an eyebrow as she stared at me.

Ben scratched his cheek as he kicked a rock to the side. "You know, that's the thing. I was in the middle of combat.... and maybe I misheard or something, but I could swear Centurion said something about 'demons'. Actually, he said it a couple different times. Is that going to be an unofficial classification for them or something?"

I felt my heart pound in my chest. I knew this was going to happen. It would first start like this, with rumors, unsubstantiated but gripping nonetheless. I didn't expect people to not initially make the connection that these might be demons, but this could perhaps work out in the end. After this, what happens? Probably best to control the message now before it gets out of hand.

Before I could respond, Hudson spoke up. "Demons, huh? I don't see why not. 'Greys' and 'reds' seems like an imprecise classification. We'll just use Volgrim and Demonic Variant as the unofficial classification for now. Some people might NOT like the allusion to their skin color anyway, Ben. I'm sure you understand."

Sally glanced away towards a bunch of corpses in the distance. One of them happened to be a demon, and as she eyeballed it, she nodded. "Yeah, I see the resemblance. They really do look like demons... creepy. They've even got the horns."

I felt my anxiety sink into my stomach as I flicked my eyes from person to person. There's really no point hiding it anymore... I suppose. But then again, if we were to acknowledge the presence of demons, we'd have to accept that angels are real too. If we bring angels and gods into this war... will the future repeat itself? Will they all be slaughtered?

I don't know if I want the answer to that question.

Hudson dismisses the two Hypersuit Commandos and I mentally tell Harold to send the both of them to wherever they're needed. Fifty-five cities are under attack worldwide, and more are sure to come. We can't be focusing just on those that have higher importance monetarily or professionally.

"Judicator, an extremely important man was killed today. I have a report here... it's from Ben Brown's AI." Hudson holds up her datapad and shows me. Wu Tao Chaohong, an ambassador visiting from Shanghai...

"Ben let him die?"

"Yes. Ben apparently didn't want to save only a small number of lives of 'elites'. But in doing so, this man died. He wasn't just anybody, he was negotiating an important deal with the Japanese. He had established a lot of trust with their current prime minister and was working on procuring a... top secret substance." Hudson's stern gaze flicked away for a second before returning. "Well, you know how 'top secret' government doings work, I would presume. In any case, his negligence led to this man being brutally murdered. Ben was able to save tens of thousands of Chinese people but..."

As she paused, I butted in. "But what? He saved the lives of a lot of people. Maybe it was the wrong decision, but are you saying you think that man was more important than all of them?"

"Perhaps." Hudson snapped back almost reflexively. "Most would say Einstein is more important than ten thousand, even a million average Americans back in his day. If those people all die later because the project Chaohong was working on fails, then not only were their lives saved in vain, we lost our chance at winning the war."

"I think you might be acting a tad melodramatic. Doubtless, that ambassador was an important man, but wars aren't won by a single man, they're a combined effort from all of us."

"In some ways, yes. But I disagree. Especially coming from _you_, Judicator." Hudson narrowed her eyes and smiled ever so slightly as she rubbed her fine royal purple military garments. "Were it not for just you, humanity might have been exterminated on three different occasions. We would never have beaten these aliens."

"I don't know about that, commander. Sometimes I wonder if I wasn't the cause of this whole war in the first place. Maybe my time travel is the direct reason they saw humanity as a threat. If that were the case, I would go from being an asset to a liability, wouldn't you agree?"

She smiled more broadly. "Perhaps. I'll have to speak to Ben about this later, but my point still stands. In any case, those Hypersuits will be quite invaluable in the war effort. I hope you... produce more of them."

"Don't worry, I will." I wanted to hesitate and say no, but frankly a thousand Hypersuits wouldn't be enough to win the war. They certainly help to level the playing field though, and that's the best I could hope for. "Keep fighting the good fight, commander. I'm returning to base."

"Excellent. Hope to see more from you, Judicator. You keep us motivated here on the ground."