Part 176

I awoke in the morning as I usually did, with Samantha sleeping face down on top of me and Cassiel hugging my right side. I've grown used to it, but it's never any less pleasant. I don't know why it became a thing, but they both seem to like it and I can't say I don't. Another restless night, but I had still recovered my spiritual energy so in the end, it didn't matter much.

As usual, I slip out, carefully moving Samantha around without waking her up, and crawling out myself. I no longer bother casting 'sleep' on them though, since they both sleep like rocks. Maybe it's because they know that if something shows up, I'll just beat it to death, so they don't have to worry about it. Pff, must be nice having so few cares in the world.

I sit down at the table and think about the plan for today. I don't know whose residence this world is, only that a 'duke' lives here. Samantha seems to know who a lot of the high ranked demons are, but she always seems hesitant to appear with me in front of them. It must be bad blood or something. Hell, maybe she's on their version of a 'most wanted' list so she can't afford to be seen without leaving the demons alive. At least, that's the feeling I get from it.

We stumbled into this world by finding a door in the labyrinth that I sensed a lot of energy coming from, so there's definitely something powerful here. I assumed it was a duke, but it might not be. The energy seems to be omnipresent, it's all around me and I don't know where it's actually coming from. But as I travel in one direction, I do feel the buzzing increasing. What's _more_ interesting though is that I am the only one who feels it.

After eating some food, I go outside and experiment as I usually do. Today, I have a new power I want to try out.

" **Telekinesis!** "

Alriiiight, time to see if it worked. I aim my hand over at a nearby rock and try to move it with my mind. Nothing seems to happen. _Use the force, Hero._ I give myself a mental pep talk and try again. This time, I feel the rock start to shake a little bit. My excitement is so palpable!

I hold my hand up and try pulling the rock to me. It shakes, and starts crawling along the ground, very slowly. I concentrate, more and more and more.... come on, come on... suddenly, the rock BLASTS off the ground, flying at my hand, but it misses by an inch and smashes me in the face!

Luckily it doesn't hurt, but I do feel a bit foolish. What's interesting is this appears to be another active-use spell. I can leave it active all I want, but if I use it, I feel my spiritual energy drain ever so slightly. It's like a weaker version of push/pull, but it isn't a wave of energy that hits everything around me, so that is good.

A while later, as I'm playing around, I hear a voice at the doorway behind me. I had already detected her waking up, but I pretend to have not done so. "Morning, Hero. What are you doing?" Cassiel yawns sleepily. Samantha isn't awake yet.

I indicate the rock in my hands, I explain to her. "I tried using a new ability called 'telekinesis, it lets me move objects around with my mind." I feel a grin creep along my face, as I whip my hand back around towards her. "Like this!" I quickly pull her towards me.

She yelps but I catch her with my arm and she giggles. "You startled me! But wow, that seems like a useful ability!"

I smile and lean in, kissing her deeply. The passionate embrace lasts a second or two as we linger together.

"We don't spend much time alone together, do we?" She and I both sit down on the ground together as she leans her head over on my shoulder. I pause. "It's like Samantha's always there too, you know."

"Yes, but that's okay. Samantha is a kind loving girl. I see why you love her. And you love me too, because you have enough love flowing from you to spare for both of us equally." Cassiel closed her eyes as she yawned again.

_I love Samantha, huh? Do I? Do I love Cassiel too? What is love, anyway? I spend time with them, I talk with them, I enjoy being with both of them. I suppose that's love. If we will be together forever or for a very long time, I'd like that. I suppose that could be love too. But I've never felt passionate about anything in my life. The only thing I truly want is to make sure no friend of mine ever dies again... like... Phoebe did._ I feel my thoughts returning as I grow quiet again and dwell on the past.

Phoebe. She died because of me. While I immediately went out and had a good time the night she died, and I seem to be ignoring her death even now... I'm not. I can't bring her back, but maybe I can prevent Cassiel and Samantha from dying. I don't want that. I could never want that.

Cassiel and I sit and chat for a while before I feel Samantha wake up and come outside to join us. "I see you two are having a good time. Mind if I join in?"

After they eat some breakfast that I magic into existence, I tear down the shelter and we head out.

...................................................................

The buzzing noise is getting noticeably louder in my head. It's actually getting quite distracting.

As we walk along, with me following the direction the feeling comes from, I can feel myself rubbing my temples over and over. I am, at this point, permanently wincing. I've tried silencing the noise with various spells, including _Silence, Deafen, Mute, Quiet, Halt, Stop_, and many more, but nothing seems to work.

There's a big crater in the distance. It's almost like a massive meteor fell into it. Could this be what wiped out all life on this planet? Something like the meteor that killed the dinosaurs on Earth? The crater is fairly large, but not "Planet destruction" sized. It's maybe a half mile across the diameter, and it's very circular.

Once I spot the crater, I decide to increase the speed. "Hold on a second, girls." I wrap my arms around both of them, and jam my foot into the ground, propelling myself forwards with insane speed. Thanks to the powers I've received as God King, I could move this fast all day long and never tire, but the girls, as strong as they are, simply cannot keep up with my body's raw power. Samantha is actually very strong and seems to have a large energy supply, but she rarely uses it. Cassiel is comparatively weak but her energy dwarfs mine, mostly because she seems to have no limit to the amount she can store and I give her my monstrous leftover energy every night.

The crater was almost 5 miles in the distance, but I dash over there in about ten seconds. The speed is unbelievable. When we're just before the lip of the crater, I set the girls down. Samantha isn't too bad, but Cassiel seems fairly nauseous. I'd try to talk to them, but that goddamn ringing noise in my ear is unbearable at this point. I need to turn it off!

Samantha and I walk over to the crater and as we peer in, we both gasp.

Down inside the crater is something I did not expect to see at all.

It's a spaceship.