Part 180

I stared at Samantha intently, my eyes looking directly into hers. "You know something. Admit it."

She shifted uncomfortably on the ground. "Well, of course I do. I'm just... surprised you don't. You're only _human_ after all. You seem to be wholly unaware about the Energy Wars."

Energy Wars? This is the first time I've heard about them. "What are the Energy Wars? We almost died because you kept your mouth shut back there. You need to tell me now."

Samantha sighed as she leaned back against the wall. The only light visible in the dark corridor was Cassiel's soft luminescence caused by her angelic aura. "Listen... we're an item, right? I don't like hearing you order me around. I haven't told you because it hurts to remember what... what happened back then. You know, humans and demons... we're supposed to be mortal enemies. The fact the two of us are even together... it's a big leap, you know."

Cassiel nodded. "I was there for the tail end of the Energy Wars. It was brutal. Those were the days when..." Cassiel cut herself off, before continuing on. "A lot of people died. Easily billions. Sometimes I wonder how I was able to be among the last members of the Resurrection Project. There were too many others who were worthier than me."

I felt myself quietly looking back and forth between them. What happened? How did humanity die? There was also what the android had told me. He said that by the 24th century, only a few hundred years after I was put in the cryopod, Earth was basically destroyed. It happened that quickly? Who were these Volgrim? How did they destroy the original birthplace of humanity so efficiently and so quickly?

I sighed. "Listen... if you don't want to tell me... that's fine. But... we could have been killed back there. If you care about Cassiel and I, you should tell us what you know."

Samantha looked around, clearly feeling uncomfortable about all of this. "All right... I'll tell you. But this carries a heavy penalty. If any other demons ever found out I said anything, I will be summarily executed. The Energy Wars are extremely secret, especially the finer details of how they worked. Most demons and humans had their minds wiped after those wars concluded."

Samantha paused before glancing at Cassiel. "I wonder why they didn't wipe your memories? I mean, you were a captive, right?"

Cassiel blushed as she looked down. "I don't know. After the war was over, I was there for a very, very long time. To say I lost track of the passing of time, that would be an understatement. I never thought I would see the light of day. They kept giving me tiny doses of thought energy, just to keep me alive. I just don't know _why_ though."

Samantha got up and walked over to me, plopping down beside me and resting her head on my shoulder. "Well, in any case. I might as well explain. But you can't start with the Volgrim. You have to start at the beginning. The very beginning."

I stared down the empty corridor. "Well, it's not like we lack time. We're just three immortal beings, you know. Might as well hear the whole story."

Cassiel gracefully sat down next to me as we all leaned against the wall. Samantha spoke next. "It all started long before humans were ever a threat to demons, far back after the first great battle that started off the Great War between Angels and Demons."