Part 233a:

_Thanksgiving, 2024._

"Thank you, Mr. President."

I smile as President Steven Johannesburg, now two years into his second term, slides a saucer of gravy over to me. Taking the saucer by its handle, I pour a decent amount of gravy on my mashed potatoes. Reaching to my side, I pick up a spoon and dig in to the delicious soft and fluffy potatoes, occasionally also taking a stab at the yams or taking a bite of a croissant. I felt a sharp revulsion earlier when they brought out the turkey, but I managed to hide my disgust by reminding myself that _it's not chicken at least_.

I'm eating at a white house luncheon for various world leaders. Even North Korea's new leader, Sarah Mc'fallaneux is here. She of course was instated to run its government following the 'liberation' shortly after the 2016 elections, but that's a story for another day. It must be quite interesting to have a woman ruling over the country after so many years of dictator-like men, though it has to be an improvement for the general citizenry.

President Johannesburg smiles as he taps his wine glass with a knife and stands up at his seat. All hundred or so eyes in the room turn towards him and conversations cut off as people look on in interest.

"My fellow Americans, Canadians, Britons, and so on... I want to thank you all for attending this Thanksgiving feast, on the 403rd anniversary of its first occasion. I also want to extend a special thanks to our honored guest, who goes by the name of Judicator. Thanks to his guidance and leadership, the world has entered a unified state of governing where we can all work together to advance the fate of humanity towards a more positive future."

The crowd applauded politely as he continued on. "Truly, this is more than just a historic day of giving thanks for all the good things we are blessed with. Humanity stands on a precipice, where only a few years ago we would have faced the potential of total annihilation. But, thanks to the efforts of our esteemed guest, we have not only completed the first major base on Mars, we have just launched the first cooperatively made Capital-Class Battleship, the UEF Survival. With a crew of 20,000 women and men, a hangar with over 300 fighter-class ships, and survival gear that could last a millennium without any contact with Earth, this ship is not just a flying armada in and of itself, it represents a final hope for Humanity should the worst occur as Judicator has warned."

"In addition, the underground bases are proceeding steadily. Two thousand have been built across the Earth, having the ability to house ten million registered citizens, considered the best and the brightest of our kind. While I would like to eventually protect all people on Earth, these early measures will allow us to survive, even in the case of the absolutely worst scenario."

The crowd applauded mightily, and even I felt myself clapping jubilantly.

"While we may prepare for dark times, we have much to be thankful for. We will not go out quietly into the night, we will mount a resistance that time itself will remember, should things come to the worst. But I have faith... I have faith in Judicator. He has delivered to us technology that should not exist for another hundred years, perhaps even a thousand years. With a man like this on our side, there is no challenge too great, no mountain too tall, no river too wide that we cannot ford. I have faith not just in this great man, but also the people of my nation, and the people of yours, that when the hammer strikes the gong, and the moment of truth is upon us, we will rise up and face it head-on, as humanity has always done."

The entire crowd roared with applause, many people looking over at me with big smiles on their face. I clapped as well, keeping my own expression to a neutral tight smile.

"Things are looking up. Tomorrow, we announce to the citizens of the world the L.I.F.E. project, a massive dome-like ship that will be built in Argentina, which will launch six years from now, and will allow one million people to live inside of it, traveling the cosmos, looking in search of another inhabitable world outside our solar system. Next year we will announce the initial construction of "Cathedral", a joint national project looking to be built in Spain."

Johannesburg paused for a second as he fumbled with his notes slightly.

"In any case, things are looking up, and-" As he spoke, I suddenly received a communication from Harold.

I jumped to my feet as I received the news, causing people near me to jolt back in fright and the President to halt his speech. "The party is over. Earth is under attack."

A shock ran through the crowd as wrist communicators suddenly started lighting up and the various dignitaries received their first mental communications from their varying home countries. The new MIND communicators so far worked perfectly, though we were testing them with those in the upper class first due to their prohibitive cost associations.

"The Volgrim! A surprise attack!" Prime Minister Gerald S. Bonaparte of the British Alliance quickly made his way from his chair, heading for the exit. "Commander Beatrix is up there by herself! Get your ships to the Moon-side of the planet, that's where they're ambushing us from!"

I felt a cold chill go down my spine as I received the damage reports. A surprise attack? An ambush? Why?

From outside the White House, there was an explosion and a few people screamed, as the windows in the room suddenly exploded inwards. In the blink of an eye, using my superior thinking speed, I aimed my hand at the windows, using my innate telekinesis powers to halt the glass before it could reach anyone. In the next instant, I let it fall and crash to the floor harmlessly.

The lights to the room went out all at the same time, as if the power had been cut by an outside force. As I took notice of this development, I witnessed several shadowy forms barge through the windowsill and start charging the dignitaries.

So they want to fight in the dark, huh? That's fine... _I like the dark_.
