Part 322a

"Heal him? You want me to heal him?"

"Yes! Only you have the ability to do so!"

The young girl stared at me with bated breath as she waited for my response. Daisy, yes, that was her name. She is the most powerful Enforcer on Earth, given the number of abilities Agent X has told me she possesses. Telepathy, telekinesis, enhanced vision, even bursts of super strength.

And she is the niece of a man I most dearly hate. Stonewall. The man who murdered my friend live on a national broadcast. I was too late to save him. Gregory died because of this girl's uncle, and I can never bring him back.

"Your uncle killed a friend of mine. You're so busy asking me if I can, you didn't stop to ask if I should. You're a sweet girl, Daisy, but your uncle is my enemy. And, in my opinion, he's an enemy of mankind."

Daisy's face was fraught with concern. "Come on, I know I'm asking you for a lot, but I'll owe you if you do this for me! I'll- I'll double owe you! Y-you can ask me for anything and I'll do it!"

_Anything?_ Of course my male mind immediately went to the lascivious, but I shook that thought from my brain. "Daisy, I understand he's your uncle and you probably have affection for him..." I paused as I glanced up at the light corvette class ship she had brought along. It was a small vessel, but able to house ten occupants comfortably, and it was clearly designed for speed. "...but I can't just help you with this. It's personal. I think he deserves to die."

Her face was ashen as she heard my words. "No... no you have to help me... if my uncle dies I don't know what I'll do. Please, I'm begging you. You have to help him!"

She wasn't listening to me. I wasn't listening to her. This discussion was fruitless, so far.

"All right fine, calm down a moment. Let's just say I do heal him. Then what? He goes back to ruling humanity with an iron fist? He oppresses more of his fellow humans with dictatorial policies? I can't allow a man like that to live."

The sadness on Daisy's face was replaced with an explosion of anger. "Well, isn't that noble of you? While you abandoned humanity for a decade, my uncle fought to crush the demons and get order under control! You, who killed trillions of sentient beings in the blink of an eye now think of yourself as holier than thou! Get real!"

I flinched from her sudden barrage, but held my ground. "Your anger is understandable, but you're the one asking me for a favor. I can't just go and heal up someone I hate. Besides, I didn't leave Earth due to laziness, I left because your uncle told me to leave. And now that I'm back, I think it's time to fix this colossal error. After your uncle is gone, I need to find someone who will be able to bring Earth back to the way it was before, and improve it if possible."

Daisy sighed as some air whistled between her teeth. "You seem like you have a plan and it doesn't include my uncle, no matter what. Can't you take pity on him? If you heal him, I will make sure he stays out of the way for good. No more politics, I'll force him to retire so that he can't 'hurt' Earth any more than you think he has. Isn't that doable?"

I shrugged again as I eyed the young woman before me. She really was desperate. She wasn't going to take no for an answer.

Then there was the matter of her abilities. If her powers have anything to do with the heroic spirit, in one form or another, then she might make for a terrifying enemy if I pissed her off. Her uncle was just a normal human, and he could be dealt with easily, by Agent X if need be. But this young girl... I should tread more carefully.

"Fine. I'll tell you what... if you really want me to heal your uncle, I want to see him first. Take me to your estate and I'll at least have a look at his condition. I'm not promising anything... but if you feel this strongly and you're willing to follow through on that promise, I'll at least hear you out."

Daisy's eyes lit up like the fourth of July. "Oh wow, really? You'll save him?! Jason, I knew you had it in you!!"

I scratched the back of my head. "Yeah yeah, like I said. No promises. Let's go. Since time is of the essence, we'll skip the hovercar." I grabbed her hand without asking. "Luckily, I know exactly where your uncle's estate is."

She blushed as I held her hand. "You do? How?"

I ignored her question. _Harold. Beam me down to these coordinates._

It took us a split second to arrive at the outside of the front of her estate. I quickly let go of her hand and started walking towards her front door, as she stumbled along trying to keep up with me. The first time I ever teleported, it felt pretty odd as well. Then again, I had anticipated teleporting, she had not.

I paused as I gave her a second to cope. Finally she blinked her eyes and walked towards me. "That was different from last time. It felt different, like there was electricity pulsing through my body."

I chuckled as we walked up the front steps of her mansion. "My normal teleportation has distance limits, but breaks dimensional limits. My ship's teleporters, however, have much greater distance limits, but far more finite dimensional limits. I use whichever is appropriate for the situation."

She cocked an eyebrow. "Didn't you create a wormhole that allowed us to move a fleet of ships 14,000 light years in the blink of an eye? It defies the laws of reality."

"That's the way magic works. Besides, the wormhole situation was different, very different. Anyway, enough talk. Let's go see your uncle."

She zipped her lips as we entered her mansion. Nobody was there to greet us, oddly enough. "Jessica is with my uncle. She told me she'd message me if anything went wrong."

I nodded carefully. "Jessica, huh? Is she the only servant you have?"

As we walked down a long hallway, Daisy shot me a look of incredulity. "We don't have servants here. We pay for certain people to do various tasks periodically, but Jessica is my uncle's personal assistant. She lives here with us. She has an entire wing all to herself."

I nodded again as I flicked my eyes away. "I see."

Finally, we arrived at the rear end of the mansion at the door to Stonewall's room. Daisy opened it quickly. "How is he?"

What we saw next made my heart catch in my throat.

Stonewall was sitting upright in his bed, calmly looking at a datapad as he flicked through its contents. The viewscreen on the wall displayed several notes about recent happenings in Britannia, while a news report played of a recent terrorist bombing.

"What the hell? He looks perfectly fine." My voice cracked as I barely whispered the words, but Daisy didn't seem to hear me, rushing past me in the blink of an eye.

"Uncle Vasily! You're awake! You're looking good! But how?!"

Another girl in the room, one I hadn't noticed for a moment, stood up from beside his bed. "It was a miracle. Something happened that caused him to get better, all on his own! I've never seen anything like it in my entire life!"

I shot a glance over to the girl. She was a young blonde girl, appearing to be roughly age 22. Very attractive, if I didn't say so myself.

Daisy glanced across the bed at her. "Jessica, you should have told me! I'm so happy I could just cry!"

Stonewall finally stopped staring at his niece long enough to look over at me. "Da. I am feeling quite good now." Despite the fact that his eyes were on me, he spoke to his niece. "Daisy, you brought this man with you? He is not one I would call friend."

I curled up my lip at him, as I started to feel a snarl form. Just as I was about to fire off a retort, Jessica got up from the bed and walked over to me, turning her head back towards Stonewall. "Now now, no need for that. This is a time for happiness. I'll take Jason out so you and Daisy can have some alone time."

"Da. Do that." Stonewall never took his eyes off mine, and I returned the favor. Right up until I was pulled from the room by Jessica and she closed the door, we kept our gazes evenly locked at each other.

I blinked as I realized I was staring at a closed door. Glancing down, I noticed Jessica was standing beside me.

"What the hell are you doing?" I hissed the words at her quietly.

"I am doing what I had to. Come with me a moment." She quickly walked ahead of me as we both walked down the hallway towards the front door. "There are no security cameras or microphones here, but there's also no need for us to speak right in front of the door where those two might hear us."

I grimaced at her words. "Idiot. I didn't order you to heal him. Why did you act without my permission? He's a dangerous man and I hadn't yet made up my mind."

"I did." Jessica and I hitched a left into the mansion's kitchen, where she proceeded to pull a sandwich from the fridge. "Sorry, I'm fucking starving. I've been beside him all day without a moment for myself."

"Yeah." I shrugged nonchalantly as she took a couple bites. "So tell me your reasoning. Why did you decide to make that decision without consulting me?"

She sighed. "Things aren't so black and white. You think of Stonewall as a bad guy, but I've seen the good he's doing. If he's gone, someone worse might come into power."

"That's not good enough. He killed my friend... our friend. He had Gregory murdered and he broadcasted it live to the world. He's a monster."

Jessica glared at me. "I get that you liked Gregory, okay? But I'm a third level clone. You were the one interacting with him, not me. I barely knew him. The person I do know, however, is Stonewall. Besides, if he dies, we don't know what will happen with Daisy. Her powers are incredible, though not at our level yet. Further, she has just celebrated her 18th birthday. Our powers and the powers of every other hero manifest during our 18th birthdays. If she really is a hero, then..."

"I know, idiot. I've already thought of all that." I groaned at this clone's lack of foresight. "Shit, why didn't you ask me first? How am I going to explain his sudden healthiness? Spontaneous immunity isn't a good enough reason."

Jessica returned the groan. "Gods, sometimes I forget what an idiot you are. Look, just tell her you wanted to surprise her. Tell her you healed him before you even teleported down. She'll buy it. She doesn't know what powers you have anyway, and neither does he."

I reached up and chewed one of my fingernails. This might actually work. Plus, she'd still feel indebted to me, so that was a plus. Always good to have an extra ally, even if by a stroke of luck. And technically if Jessica healed him, then a clone of mine did it, meaning they were partially me, so it was only a white lie...

"Fine. We'll do that. Christ, we'll be lucky if this works out. I hope you know what you're doing, X."

"Don't worry, I'm a professional. Unlike you." She shot me a coy glance. "You ought to try being a girl some time. It's an interesting experience, although I can't tell you how annoying it is being wolf whistled at constantly."

I sighed again. "I'll pass."

After we both ate some food, we waited a few minutes before walking back down the hallway.

Jessica spoke up again. "I'm going to put myself in a trance. This is the only way she won't know who I really am in case she reads my mind. I only break the trance under specific conditions."

"Smart. If you just nullified mind-reading, she might get suspicious."

Perhaps my clone was smarter than I thought. I'd have to learn how she did it.