Part 449c: The Creator

The flowers are in bloom. Finches chirp in the tree above me, and the sound of wind whistles through a nearby forest, soothing my soul. The sun gently warms the land, and a butterfly flutters over my prone body. I reach up and rest my head on my hand, staring at the cloud formations above.

"That one looks like a sword," I mutter to myself. After a few moments, I sigh. "I can't believe Diablo trounced me. He's beyond anything I've faced before."

Footsteps. The sound of heavy hiking boots stomp toward me, until their wearer comes to a stop a few feet to my left. I turn my head to look up at him, but the sun beams down into my eyes, making his face hard to see.

"Ah, so you're the one causing all the ruckus." I can barely make out a toothy smile on the man's face as he stares down at me. Turning away, he reaches toward a low-hanging branch on the tree and plucks a fruit from it. Slowly, the man bites into it, and the juices roll down his chin. "Mmm. I could eat a peach for hours."

"Who are you?" I ask the question, not out of curiosity, but fascination. "I've never seen you before."

The man shrugs. "Oh, you've seen me before, I assure you of that. I'm many people. Father, son, guard, prisoner. I fly, and I swim, and I do anything else that meets my fancy. A free spirit, if you will."

"Are you... the Creator?" I almost feel embarrassed to ask the question, but the man laughs.

"Hah, perhaps. Some have worshiped me, it's true. Some things are true whether you believe in them or not." He kneels down and sits beside me, but no matter how I squint, I can't make out his face. "What's on your mind, Jason?"

_He knows my name_. That thought, for some reason, warms my heart. "A lot of things. I have to make peace between a bunch of jackasses who won't look past their differences. There's so much riding on my shoulders, and the one thing I have going for me, which is that I'm good at fighting, isn't enough to let me beat the _third_ most powerful of the demons. I can't do anything right."

Slowly, the man scratches his chin. "Ah, so there's a lot of pressure on you to perform well. I love pressure, personally. I eat it for breakfast." He stops scratching, and leans his back against the tree, gazing up into the sky. "You're stepping into a battlefield, not of fists, but of ideas. Both sides have hurt each other deeply, for a very long time. A few pretty words won't solve anything. What's wrong can never be made right."

I close my eyes. "So it's pointless to try, after all?"

"No." The man looks at me seriously. "If there's something wrong, those who have the _ability_ to take action have the _responsibility_ to take action. Only a few people can solve the crisis in the Labyrinth, but just one person has the will and desire to do so."

"Me?"

"Mhm." He rumbles the response in his throat, rather than vocalizing. "It won't be easy. I've been faced with enemies myself, ones that seemed insurmountable at the time, but that I eventually overcame. Every muscle in my body didn't want to fight, but I did anyway. You just have to soldier forward, and power on."

"You're so wise..." The words slip out of my mouth, and I blush a little bit.

"Not particularly. I'm just giving you words, platitudes, general guidance. For all you know, I picked them out of a self-help book." He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a cigarette. After lighting it, he takes a long, slow drag. "I came here to drink myself to death. Instead, I ended up talking to you. Life is funny like that."

"Don't do that. You have to take care of yourself, uh, sir." I pull myself into a sitting position and squint even harder at the man. "I don't want to be rude, but I can't place your face. Have I seen you before?"

"Probably," The man says, as he turns his back to me. "For a while, I was all the people could talk about. My time is over, but my memory lives on. After you die, you will stay in the hearts of those who were with you."

The soft grass crumbles under his boots as he slowly walks away, leaving me behind.

I yell at him as he walks away, "See you later, Mister! Thanks for the advice! I'll work harder from now on."

"Rockin' good news."

Soon, the man is out of sight, and the world around me melts away...

...............................................

"He's awake." A breathless voice speaks, just to my right side. It takes a moment for me to place it, but I realize it's Samantha's. "Remember what we said."

"Huh? Remember what?" I slur my words a little bit, but slowly open my eyes to see Samantha and Cassiel above me. Both look nervous, but they're trying so valiantly to hide it from me.

"Nothing!" Cassiel exclaims, as her nervous smile widens more. "Are you doing okay? It took a lot of energy to heal you!"

"I'm fine, I guess." I pull myself into a sitting position, as memories flood back to me. "Ah! Diablo! I fought him. I lost. What happened to him?"

Samantha bites her lip. "He- um, came here..."

"And he was carrying you!" Cassiel chimes in quickly. "He was going to kill you, but-"

"-but the brave soldiers here blasted him with everything they had!" Samantha finishes Cassiel's sentence. Both of them almost seem to be making up a story as they go along. Samantha quickly turns her head to look at a nearby man in uniform. "Isn't that right?"

The man's face turns white. "Uh- err, yes! We, err, that is to say, shot him. Many times!"

"Uh huh..." I try to sound like I'm buying it, but something doesn't quite make sense. Before I can comment on the weird way everyone is acting, Samantha rests her hand on mine.

"These brave humans fought with all their might to save you. You should be thanking them!"

I feel a little awkward questioning her at a time like this, so I just nod dumbly and try my hardest to flash a genuine smile at the humans milling around. "Um, thanks for the save, guys!"

Everyone nearby averts their gaze, and they shuffle away nervously, leaving me to wonder what the hell happened while I was out. I glance down at Samantha's hand, still resting on mine. "Oh, Samantha. There's something stuck on your knuckle."

"HUH?!" She quickly pulls her hand away to glance at it. Just before she plucks the thing out, I get a slightly better look at it.

"Is that a _tooth_?"

"No!" She plucks the enameled object out of her knuckle, and pinches it together, crushing it into dust. "M-must have been a bone that grew out wrong. I didn't notice it until now!"

_That was totally a tooth._ She's hiding something. Still, it wouldn't be polite to question my girlfriends.

"Eh, whatever. Where did Diablo go, anyway? Did the humans kill him?"

A creepy look appears in Samantha's eyes. "Nope. That would be too easy."

"What?"

"Nothing!" She quickly jumps to her feet and adjusts her long-sleeved shirt. "Um, now that you're awake, and everyone knows I'm a demon... can you change my clothes back? These rags are really uncomfortable!"

_Changing the topic, huh?_ "Yeah. **Reform.** " The clothes on her body shift and change. After the clothes revert to their original form, I glance from Sam's exposed chest over to Cassiel, to be a gentleman. "Did the humans win the battle?"

"Something like that," Cass replies. "Around twenty thousand men and women perished, and twice as many demons by a rough estimate. Samantha and I were pulling out all the stops to heal everyone, but our efforts still weren't nearly enough."

Samantha glances from Cass to me. "The king was nearly assassinated mid-battle. Two shadow-walkers tried to kill him while he was separated from his men for a split-second, but Cass saved him just in the nick of time."

"I'm glad to hear that," I say, pausing and realizing what I said. "The saving-the-king part, not the him-getting-stabbed part. Good job on that. Where is Cody now?"

Cassiel clears her throat. "Ahem, _King Elshard_, as is his proper title, is back in Hero City. You were out for over an hour. All the tunnels leading from this forward portal and into the Labyrinth have been sealed off. Everyone is pulling back and sealing the portal. The only way from Hero City to the Labyrinth will eventually be the great doors we entered from."

"That's a good move. After facing Diablo myself, I don't think humanity should aggravate the situation any further. If we can barely beat Diablo, we certainly can't overcome billions, if not trillions of lower level demons."

Samantha fidgets as I stand up. "Yeah, beating Diablo would be, ah, pretty hard. Haha." Her nervous laugh makes me raise an eyebrow, but she quickly changes the topic. "Um, before you do anything else, I should tell you, love... I need to go for a while."

"Huh? Yeah, I mean, go ahead, Sam. You don't need my permission." I try not to look too concerned, but she shifts her shoulders around and fidgets uncomfortably, averting her eyes from mine.

"Well, it won't be for a few hours, or a day. I need to go and speak with the Demon High Council. I'll probably be back in, say, a week or two."

"Uh huh. Okay. Mind if I ask why?"

Samantha freezes up. "Well, ah, that is, it's just- you see, things happened, and I have to go chat with the other demons about this and that..."

She trails off, and Cassiel finishes for her. "It's private, Hero. Can't you let a woman have a few secrets?"

"You know what this is about, Cass?" I direct a pointed question at her, but Cassiel just tilts her head away.

"Maybe! It's nothing malicious, anyway. Just let Sammy go and take care of some business. It's not like the bed will be cold or anything."

"That's... not why I was asking..." Sighing, I rub my forehead. "Never mind. Samantha, if you have something to take care of, go for it. Just be careful. I don't know how the other demons are going to feel about you, since you've been hanging out with humans, but if you need help, don't hesitate to ask, okay?"

Cassiel scoffs. "Pfft. Like a horde of demons could ever lay a hand on-"

"Cass!" Samantha squeaks and swats the angel on the shoulder. "It's embarrassing!"

I'm _really_ interested in what went down while I was out, but it's apparent these two aren't going to give me so much as a hint. "I know you're plenty strong, Samantha. It's nothing to get all bashful over. I'm glad you're my girl, and that's all there is to it."

She blushes and crosses her arms. "Aww, you can be such a sweetie. I'm gonna be lonely while I'm gone."

I pull her and Cassiel in close while staring at the people milling about. "Then let's have a good time tonight."

"Yeah!" Cassiel chimes in excitedly, and as we turn away, something catches my eye.

"Hey, what's that giant blood splatter near that tunnel? Isn't that the direction I went to fight Diablo? There's a bunch of red flesh chunks all over the ground as well and-"

"It's nothing! Seven Devils, let's just go!" Samantha shoves me along, and I snicker to myself as we head to the portal leading back to Hero City. _I think I know what went down._

...............................................

"Rats." Tvoorik kicks his foot out from under his bench and sends some orc bones scattering against the wall. "What the heaven are humans made of? I must've stabbed that king fifty times!"

"Four times," I say, correcting him. I swirl the Blood Soup around my bowl aimlessly. "The last one was sloppy, too. You barely even scratched his arm."

"Sh-shut yer trap, Ylvusk! I didn't see you doing any stabbing!"

"I was holding him down and using my shadow-phasing to distract his guards. I thought you could handle stabbing one fleshbag to death. Why didn't you stab him in the heart, or slit his throat?"

Tvoorik glares at me before spinning in his seat and kicking the wall again. "I thought I did stab his heart."

"It's the other side of the chest, dumbass. I guess you nicked a lung maybe. Did you even plunge the knife in deep?"

He can't even make eye contact with me. "I don't remember..."

"You're hopeless." I take a quick spoonful of the delicious, iron-rich blood, and feel the dead cells roll past my tongue and down my throat. Smacking my lips, I remark, "At least we didn't die, and we ended up better off than Diablo. Poor bastard."

Tvoorik's sullen expression vanishes as his sadism takes over. "And Bael! Both of them got the beatdown of a lifetime! But you know, this just proves my theories right!"

"Satan the Devil, not this nonsense again." I curse under my breath, then glance around at the few scattered demons in the 71st dining area. All of them are pretty far away, but if they happen to hear his stupid theories, they might think less of me, too.

Tvoorik nods eagerly. "Think about it! We saw that human, the one named Hero, and the Second Emperor and an Angel was with him! All the pieces finally fit together!"

"What... pieces...?" I can barely even bring myself to ask the question.

"The entire battle was a sham. Diablo sent the weaker demons as the vanguard, and thousands of them died. The humans we killed were sent to the River, and those souls flowed up to him! He eliminated a bunch of competition for souls, and drained plenty of soul energy for himself too! And don't forget, Belial was there just in case we killed too many of the humans! She's getting soul energy as well!"

"If you say so."

He continues, ignoring my disinterest in the conversation. "And the appearance of that angel can mean only one thing! The angels are in league with the demons! The First Emperor is using his two strongest fellow emperors to play both sides against each other, and he's keeping the demons in reserve in case the humans get too antsy."

I stare at Tvoorik's dumb, excited face for a few moments. "That angel is the last one alive. All the rest are dead. Gressil said so himself."

"No way! Only a dummy would believe that orc-crap! Other angels are still alive, and they work for the demons! It's the only thing that makes sense! We know humans can't use magic, so it must have been the angel that destroyed one of our planets with a meteor and blew up another one's star. That angel is the key; I bet she's coming up with any manner of devious plots. She might be pulling the strings behind the scenes, for all we know!"

My soup is getting cold. I barely even want to eat any more of it. "Anything's possible." _If you're a moron_, I think to myself.

From across the room, Smealum enters. Sighing heavily, he rubs his head, where a big, ugly bruise is swelling up. He spots us and immediately trudges over, shoving Tvoorik aside on the bench to make room for himself.

"I see you guys made it out alive. Failed your mission, though."

Tvoorik sniffles and turns his head away from the Eldest Animus. "I couldn't help it! That human was a master of hand-to-hand combat. He deflected my blows and parried my attacks, plus his guardsmen outnumbered Ylvusk and me a hundred to one! And they had those anti-energy guns, AND the king had like, TWO big robots that started attacking us. We barely made it out alive!"

Smealum shoots me a somber look. "He loves his tall-tales, doesn't he?"

"To say the least." Despite my earlier annoyance, now that Smealum is here, an idea comes to me. I quickly reach under my side of the table, into a pouch beside me, and pull out a few ebony chits. "Hey, Smealum. It's been a long day. Whaddya say the three of us play a few friendly games of Stones and Bones, eh? Rental fee is on me."

The animus smirks. "I'm not betting anything on these games. I used my luck on that Hydra toss. The Devils won't favor me again for a long time." He pauses to scratch his chin. "But hey, if you're payin', I'm playin'."

"That's the spirit." I wink at him and jump up from my seat to chat with the dining manager.

It's time I actually did something enjoyable with my day.
