Part 009

The orb illuminates the hallway around me, though it probably wouldn't be very necessary given that the glowing rocks embedded in the wall are doing a fine job of that.

The hallway is surprisingly short, maybe a walk of two city blocks, when I arrive at a small, unimposing door. Naturally, the weird writing is covering the door again.

ホームベース

ホームベース

ホームベース

It could mean anything. Maybe it's another warning? Perhaps it's telling me to turn back? I don't know, but I feel the need to enter.

The door glides open without making a sound. The next sight I see is jarring.

Wood. The next room is made of wood, almost like I'm in a well built home from my own era. There's a... fireplace? With no fire going. There's a dining room table, chairs, a small quaint kitchen area, and other normal looking doors that presumably lead to rooms such as a bedroom and a bathroom.

_Strange_. That word keeps repeating in my head. Everything I keep finding only makes more questions appear. Nothing has answered any questions yet.

Despite the newfound strength I gained from the orb, my mind is fatiqued, and I am hungry, so hungry. So thirsty. Walking to the kitchen area, I spy a sink. A plain old regular everyday sink. There's no way it works, right? I turn the nozzle, and... something comes out. It's certainly a liquid, but that is not... water. That is not the color of water, it's all... _green_ and stuff.

At this point if it's poison, I'll take it just to end myself. Death might just be better than the agony of living in this psychopathic labyrinth. I dab my finger under the flow and hesitantly bring it to my lips. Stretching out my tongue, I lightly lick my finger slightly to get a taste of the green substance.

I process the taste and stare numbly at the liquid flowing out. You must be joking. This tastes like fucking Gatorade. Is this a joke? Someone is having a good laugh at my expense right now, I guarantee it. This is definitely Gatorade.

It's probably poisoned but fuck it, I'm thirsty. I cup my hands under it and bring many handfuls repeatedly to my mouth. It tastes not too sweet and not too salty. I have confirmed this is definitely Gatorade and hopefully it's poisoned so I will be dying soon. It'd be great if it was a quick death.

After I shut off the faucet, I look to my right, and notice the wall has a faintly glowing... button? I probably shouldn't press that.

I press it. Nearby the button, the wall slides down to reveal a small illuminated hatch, roughly the size of a microwave. In it, cold air pours out. And inside it sits... you're kidding. The surprises never end.

I pull out the chilled food. This may be the year One Hundred Million, but at least we still have chicken.