Part 178

Scientists have estimated that in the Milky Way alone, there are over one hundred billion stars. If we count the 'local group' of nearby galaxies that are not expanding away from each other, that number explodes to 700 billion.

But as for the number of _galaxies_ in the entire _universe_? We can only speculate. Each galaxy could contain hundreds of billions of stars, and the best estimate for the number of actual galaxies, in the observable universe at the least, is another hundred billion.

That means there are likely over a _billion trillion_ stars in the universe. Humanity started on one tiny little dot.

And we thought we were _alone_? Of course we weren't. How naive.

The android looked at me. "Confusion: I am having difficulty processing the idea of a human that does not know of the existence of the Volgrim. Explanation: They are the scourge of the Milky Way galaxy. Humanity battled them for over a hundred years before this ship was sent on a mission to find an expansionary space to colonize."

I pause. "When did we start fighting the Volgrim? When did they first appear?"

The android pauses. "Error. That information is classified as Top Secret."

"Uh, okay, so how long have you been crash landed on this planet?" I guess if I can't get one question answered, I will try another.

The android's eyes appear to stare past me for a second as he pulls up the answer. "Response: According to my sensors, I have been crashed on this planet, awaiting a response to my distress signal for one-hundred-million, two-hundred-thousand, five hundred-forty-five years, nine months, seventeen days, and-"

I cut him off. "Alright, damn, I get the picture. It's been a long time then." _My god, the cryopod really did hold me for a hundred million years? What the hell is going on then?_

I turn back to the android. "It feels odd calling you 'android'. What is your designation?"

"Response: My designation is OMEN. I am the Original Mechanical Exploratory Neohuman. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance." OMEN bows stiffly, and then pulls himself up. Strange, for an android, he seems to move and speak stiffly. Maybe robotics didn't advance very far in the future? Or maybe...

"OMEN, when did your ship initially launch to explore space? What was the date you started traveling from Earth towards this star system?"

OMEN paused as he calculated the answer. "Query: Why are you using an incorrect starting location? I was originally created and built and launched from the Mars Planetary Base, as most of Earth was in ruins due to the Volgrim's initial attack. Ignoring initial question: I was launched on the G.E.F. 140 at..."

OMEN stopped speaking for a second. "Error: Exact date is missing, due to corruption of memory data or due to tampering. However, the rough date was the 24th century, Gregorian Calendar time. Hypothesis: Due to the amount of time taken to respond to my distress signal, I can only assume you are the last human alive in the galaxy. Is my hypothesis correct?"

I shake my head. "No, there are millions of humans left alive. However, this is the first I've seen of anything resembling space-faring technology. All the other humans appear to be stuck in weird tiny planetoids or other such planets where they live in a perpetual medieval or bronze age."

OMEN paused again. "Query: Have the demons and Volgrim been eradicated from the universe as we know it?"

I shake my head. "No. In fact, I arrived at this planet thanks to a strange labyrinth with a door that opened up here as a portal on this world. The labyrinth is filled with demons and monsters."

OMEN nodded as he processed the information. "Dismay: I see. That would mean the demon-Volgrim alliance won out and humanity was crushed. This is very unfortunate. Query: How were you able to locate this ship without a transponder?"

I shrugged. "I felt a buzzing in the back of my head, it got louder when I walked this way."

OMEN halted all speech and movement and stared at me blankly for almost fifteen seconds. I was starting to get very nervous. Finally, he spoke up again. "Query: Are you... one of the candidates?"