Part 473c: The Turduckians

Tvoorik moans and whines as we travel the winding maze of the Labyrinth, stumbling against the wall every so often and letting out a pitiful yelp. I tried helping him along for a while until I realized what was _really_ going on.

"Oh, the pain! The pain! My poor, aching head! I need medical! I need surgery!" Tvoorik wails again as we pass by a group of orcs, and all six of them glare at us before rolling their eyes and walking past. ' _Stupid halfwits,_ ' one of them says. _Hey, don't lump me in with Tvoorik!_

Tvoorik mumbles and grumbles until we pass a Nymph, whose antenna glows enough to light the path in front of her. She holds a scroll in her hand and seems transfixed on whatever it says- right up until Tvoorik lets out his loudest yelp of pain yet. "Ahh, it's like a knife in my brain! A three-thousand degree knife plunged into my eyeballs! Make the pain stop, make it stop!"

She quickly lowers the scroll and picks up her pace and nearly runs past us, but this time I've had enough. Once she's out of earshot, I slug Tvoorik in the shoulder. "Will ya come off it already?! Seven Devils, every ding-damn demon and monster to the end of the nexus can hear your hollering and moaning!"

He rubs one of the fresh burn marks on his back. "B-b-but, Ylvusk, the crazy bitch lashed you too! How come you aren't in pain like me? I also have the seizures too! You can't understand how bad it hurts!"

"You need to knock it off with the whining. I know you're just trying to make everyone pity you, and it's getting on my nerves! You only moan like that whenever we pass someone! You're embarrassing me!" A vein bulges in my forehead as every muscle in my arm screams at me to slap the doofus. "Besides, ranting about 'green people this' and 'green people that' makes you look like more of a weirdo than the conspiracies did!"

Tvoorik's lip trembles and he lowers his head, then kicks a pebble at his feet. "Well, I mean, I can't help it. There's just so much pain..." He freezes for a moment, then quickly moves to cough into his fist. "Kah! In more ways than one. I'm connected to the demons in the Labyrinth like never before. All these thoughts, emotions, fear, and pain swirling in my head... If Diablo doesn't help me stop the pain, I'm gonna..." He quickly looks away and starts strolling down the hallway, leaving his ominous words hanging in the air.

I jump back into step and squint at him. "You'll do what? Off yourself? You've gotta be kidding."

He shakes his head, slowly. "I never thought I'd be an Oracle, let alone the first unique mutation. Those conspiracies I used to think about... they were right and wrong, but the scariest part is that the reality is worse than my imagination."

"What do you mean by 'worse'?"

A look of unease forms on Tvoorik's face. "Forget it. I shouldn't say. Oracles aren't allowed to disclose Labyrinth secrets to non-oracles lower than a Duke."

Well, that's a sorry excuse if I ever heard one. "C'mon, just tell me."

"If I can read the minds and know all that's going on in the Labyrinth, it's likely other Oracles can, too. I shouldn't."

We round the corner and the Blood Pits appear before us. I sigh at his stubbornness like I always do. "Fine, fine. Let's just find Diablo and see if he can help you."

Tvoorik touches his lip and stops. "Why don't you trust me?"

"Huh? What's with the loaded question?"

"I can read your mind," he mutters before turning back to the Regeneration Alcoves. "You think I'm lying and that I'm not bound by the rules of the Oracles. Hell, you don't even believe they exist."

My mood sours. "Okay, maybe a little bit. Can you blame me? I got whipped because of you. The burns still sting."

The fact Tvoorik's not whining and crying anymore tells me he really was just faking those screams for attention. One thing I've started noticing is that his vocabulary is improving quickly. He isn't quite as happy-go-lucky as he used to be, either. Hell, he's capable of critical thinking now when he wasn't before. I think he might be growing used to the pain of all the voices in his head.

Tvoorik nods as an imp strolls up to us, a wooden pad in his hand. "We're here to see Diablo."

The imp, barely two feet tall, is dwarfed by our presence. He glances at my menacing shadow-walker body and shivers before turning back to Tvoorik. "Nyeh! No visitors without an appointment! Lord Diablo has been placed in the custody of His Majesty, the First Emperor of Flames, Beelzebub!"

I raise an eyebrow. " _Lord_ Diablo? So... it's true? Beelzebub took his power? He's no longer an Emperor?"

The imp stares at me like I'm the stupidest dummy in the whole Labyrinth. "Obviously! He's lucky to be a Lord, given how little energy he has left! At this point, I could probably kill him myself! Nyeh heh heh!" The imp lets out a shrill laugh that makes me cringe since it reminds me of not so many years ago before I'd earned my first mutation. "Anyway, you'll have to ask Emperor Beelzebub! Now begone, or I'll summon Hellga! She'll flatten you on your ass!"

"Are you threatening us, Master Jenoth?" Tvoorik suddenly kneels down and glares into the imp's face. "Yes, I know your name. I am the Seer, the most powerful of all the Oracles in the Labyrinth. I know every thought in your tiny brain, every worry, even trifles such as your lust for one of the Sirens in the Weeping Lake. Perhaps you should show us the courtesy of taking us to see Diablo, and I should show you respect by not revealing your bizarre taste in females to your fellow imps. I know well what imps do to their ostracized brethren."

The imp, apparently named Jenoth, stares for a few seconds, his eyes bulging. "W-well, when you... when you put it that way..."

"You're a smart one, Jenoth. Hop to it, then."

The imp swallows reflexively before forcing a smile and rubbing his hands together. "Y-yes! Come along! Jenoth will show you there!" He scurries away, all too eager to take us to Diablo and get out of our path.

I glance at Tvoorik, a newfound realization of his abilities. Of course, he can probably read the awe in my eyes... along with the fear. "How did you think of that so quickly?"

A shrug. "My mental acuity is sharpening at an accelerating rate. Head still hurts, but the pain is suddenly more bearable."

_Mental acuity._ The Tvoorik I know would never say words like that. He's just not that sharp.

Minutes crawl by as the imp beckons repeatedly. "Come on, demons. It's a little way to go, yet! Jenoth will show you the way."

I gaze around at the sick and injured demons stumbling and kneeling, some with limbs missing, others who stare vacantly forward, as if they've seen one of the many Ghosts in the Labyrinth. However, I quickly realize that what I see is only the surface level, while Tvoorik gazes below the surface.

"That one, Griknash, lost a mate." He subtly points out an orc as we pass by the monster. "Humans killed her with one of their 'boomsticks.' They raided an Orc Nursery. Female orcs care for the young; they don't fight battles. Since orcs bond for life, his heart was torn to shreds by her death."

"Heart?" I echo Tvoorik's words. "I thought Orcs were just dumb killing machines."

Tvoorik shakes his head. "That's what most demons picture when they think of orcs, including myself until I became a Seer. Griknash was shamed, along with his fellow tribe members, despite not being at fault for the humans attacking the nursery. He was on a raid, fighting a rival tribe during the pillage. To restore his honor, he launched a sneak attack on those who killed his mate, but he failed, and they got away. He lost his right eye in the ambush, and now he has nothing left. No honor, no mate, no spawn, and half the vision compared to what he had."

I eye Tvoorik carefully as he says this. "Yeah? You don't look very shaken up about it."

"I'm not. It has nothing to do with me. Just an observation."

We make our way past a group of goblins cackling about something, but Tvoorik aims his eyes up ahead. "Diablo's up there, in that walled-off room. The one with the guards at the entrance. He's in pain, but otherwise mobile. His thoughts are a scattered mess. Hard to pick anything specific out."

"Maybe he's still frightened by the ass-whipping Beelzebub gave him. Right, Tvoorik?" I flash a smile at him, but he ignores me.

As we approach the Lord-level guards, neither of whom are wearing any armor or holding any weapons, one of them holds his palm up. "Hold. Identify yourself. Only authorized visitors may see Lord Diablo."

Tvoorik squints at the demon as if trying to focus his mind for a moment. The fellow's slicked-back hair, black like most demons, and ruby-red skin, are nothing special, but the way he holds himself is like that of nobility, groomed for success. He appears to take pride in his post guarding the former Third Emperor, but that's all I can figure out on a surface level. The padded suit makes him look more intimidating than he probably is, but I wouldn't fight a Lord unless my life depended on it.

"Beelzebub sent us. The password is 'The Fire Lily blooms twice a year.' I believe that will suffice."

The guard immediately nods. "Ah, sorry for questioning you, sir. Orders are orders. Step right in."

"I will. Thank you." Tvoorik smoothes his robes and acts bored, as though this is nothing out of the ordinary for him. _When did he become such a good actor?_

The guard quickly pulls out a key and unlocks the door. Tvoorik pretends he's someone influential, and barely nods at the Lord. Before we can step inside, the Lord crinkles his nose. "Sorry to be a bother sir, but the Shadow-walker has to stay outside. We're worried about potential... assassination threats." He winces as if expecting a rebuke, but Tvoorik just nods.

"I understand. I'll let Emperor Beelzebub know you said that."

"What?" The guard pales and looks at his friend. "W-what do you mean by that?"

"I'll let him know you said I couldn't bring my personal guard. What was your name, by the way?"

"Uhh..." The demon swallows audibly. "It's Sir... Sir... you know what? It's fine. Go on in, you both look trustworthy."

"That's very kind of you. Come along, Ylvusk."

I nod at him, then glance back, looking for the imp. He must have vanished when I wasn't paying attention. Slippery little dick.

A few moments later, the giant door creaks shut behind us, leaving us standing in a narrow hallway. A wood floor and walls greet us, standing out compared to the Labyrinth I know. A few candles are lit, here and there, but it's hard to see, or at least it would be, were I not a Shadow-walker.

With all the darkness around, I stretch out my consciousness and detect Diablo moving in an adjacent room, but Tvoorik starts moving toward it anyway.

"Looks like Bael's here too. I wonder why," I say.

"We'll soon find out," Tvoorik says, his voice nearly a whisper.

Tvoorik pushes the door to the next room open, and a stench hits me that nearly knocks me off my feet. Like a wild dog, my eyes convulse and narrow in on Bael, his body covered in dried blood. It's turned brown by this point, but he hasn't a care in the world. He lounges on a couch, laying on his side and watching as Diablo paces back and forth, whose body is covered in blood as well, but under his robes. The room is nearly barren, save a table, some chairs, and a mess of crumpled up papers tossed to the side. Both of them notice us almost immediately, but neither smile and greet us like they usually would.

Diablo barely pays attention to me but instead squints at Tvoorik. "Who're you, and why'd you bring the backup? Need protection? Or maybe you're here to give me more excuses."

Tvoorik squints again, but this time, some of the confidence in his voice from earlier is missing. "Ehh, you probably don't recognize me. He's Ylvusk, and I'm Tvoorik. I evolved."

Diablo pauses his pacing to glare at us. "That's nice. I don't care. Did Beelzebub send you?"

A moment passes before Tvoorik responds, and he's still squinting like he's trying to concentrate, but veins bulge on his forehead. Whatever he's trying to do, he isn't having much success. "No. I came here to ask you a few questions. I evolved into a unique form of Oracle, and I'm having major issues focusing. My head feels as if it's going to explode."

For the second time today, the two of us are stared at like we're the biggest idiots of all time. Bael chuckles. "Kukuku, at least they came here for somethin' important, right Deebs?"

"Shut up." Diablo rubs his forehead. "The Labyrinth hangs on the brink of destruction, and you pester me about a migraine?"

Evidently, Tvoorik gives up trying to concentrate, since he pulls back and mirror's Diablo's movements by rubbing his own forehead. "Brink of destruction? Did I miss the memo?"

"Yes. You did." The former Third Emperor resumes his pacing and throws his hands in the air. "I needed a reply two days ago! Two days! The Volgrim are probably already dead. The monsters killed them. That Beelzebub is just worthless. I thought he might accomplish something, but he's so fixated on the humans he's missing the bigger picture!"

"Calm down, Deebs. You ain't gonna fix anything by grumbling all the time. Bad for your heart, too." Bael sticks his finger in his nose and pulls it back, revealing something disgusting enough that I immediately look away. A sickening slurping noise from his side of the room makes my stomach churn. "Everyone knows zombies are weak to fire. Once he puts it all together, those alien freaks won't stand a chance. Relax."

"I can't relax! I gave him my power so that I could, but I can't!" Diablo hisses under his breath. "Stupid, stupid moron."

I decide to butt in. "What do you mean by 'zombies' and 'aliens'? Are you talking about the Volgrim?"

"The Volgrim are history. Probably dead." Diablo pivots on his heel, marches over to the table and grabs a small gadget, not unlike something I'd expect the humans to use. He presses the screen, and a bunch of words appear, though I can't read any of them from my angle. "They sent me a coded communication through my holopad. I can barely work the damn thing, but the SOS said they were under attack and needed assistance from the demons immediately." He exhales slowly. "The Volgrim have never asked for help from our kind. Either because of pride or trust issues, they refused even when I offered. If they needed our assistance, the situation was dire."

"It's probably nothing," Bael muses. "Even if it was, the Volgrim always lord their authority. I don't give a crap if they get killed. Serves 'em right."

Tvoorik slowly licks his lips. "Better the devil you know than the devil you don't. The ones who attacked the Volgrim might be-"

"They are." Diablo cuts Tvoorik off, his voice cold. "Kolvaxians. The Volgrim were delivering irregular reports to me that hinted the Kolvaxians were gaining more and more control of the galaxy. The last report I received said that Jason Hiro, along with that Sentinel of his, destroyed a large portion of the Volgrim reserve fleets. Then I received the S.O.S. requesting assistance..." Diablo shakes his head. "It's been two days. Beelzebub must be ignoring the messengers I sent him, thinking he's too high and mighty to listen to what I have to say."

My friend is uncertain of what to say, but after a few seconds, he speaks up. "You shouldn't have lost to Beelzebub if that were the case."

"Huh? I didn't lose. I gave him my energy freely." Diablo rolls his eyes. "Is that what the rumors say; that he defeated me in combat, or something silly like that? Even missing half of my shoulder, fighting Beelzebub would be like dropping an Orc on an Imp."

"It's not exactly a rumor..." Tvoorik says, trailing off. "He announced it to the Lord and Dukes. He said he crushed you and Bael in combat."

A moment passes, and I glance over at Bael to see a bone-chilling smile on his face. "He did, huh? That's cute. I'll have to ask him about that, next time I see him."

"Now's not the time, Bael. Anyway, if you two are here, maybe you can do something to help. Whatever those Kolvaxians are, they're a threat that terrifies the Volgrim. If the leaders of Demon-kind won't take action, perhaps the humans will. You should contact the Hero and see if he can assist the Volgrim, assuming it isn't already too late."

"That sounds reasonable," Tvoorik responds quickly, before freezing up. "Wait- no. What are you saying? You want us to talk to humans? Have you gone mad?!"

Diablo holds his palms up and turns to face us. "Calm down. The Hero isn't all that bad. I beat the crap out of him before Belial returned the favor. We had a quick chat before that, and he's been taking marked steps to improve relations between demons and humans." The giant demon sighs. "I wish I'd noticed sooner. It was only after I gave Beelzebub my energy in a moment of weakness that I finally had the time to sit back and relax. Then I realized my mistake."

Bael snickers. "Pft, and I always thought you were the smart Emperor."

"Smarter than you," Diablo says, as he steps forth and rests his hand on Tvoorik's shoulder. "The humans are terrible in many ways, but so are demons. So are the Volgrim. It doesn't mean we can't come to an agreement. If you find and warn Jason Hiro, he might be able to save us in time."

Tvoorik glances at me. "What do you think? Never mind, I already know."

"Funny."

He pulls Diablo's hand off. "I thought you hated being an Emperor, yet here you are, trying to lead again. Were you secretly power-hungry all along?"

"No. It was never about my desire to lead, but the futility in trying. I was third on the food chain. The First Emperor always loomed in the background, and angering him was the last thing I wanted to do. Belial was never an issue, not until recently, but the monumental difference in power between myself and the First made me not care about changing the status quo."

"Self preservation," Tvoorik mutters. "What makes you think things will change now? The First may override you anyway."

"I expect he will, but it's Beelzebub who takes the fall now, and not myself. Besides, that's why you need to warn the humans. If the First decides to ignore the Kolvaxians, the humans will be the only thing stopping the Labyrinth from being destroyed."

"And if they decide to kill the messenger..." My friend hisses nervously. "You know Ylvusk and I killed a bunch of humans in our last raid, right? That's why I became a Seer."

Diablo laughs. "Hah! All demons look the same to a human. Besides, you're an Oracle. You can read minds. I'm certain you'll be able to convince them."

Tvoorik rubs his forehead again. "Only if I can stop this damn migraine. Don't you know any tricks? Anything at all?"

"Obviously." Diablo grunts, then reaches up and presses a thumb to Tvoorik's forehead. "I was an Oracle for several years, you know. So was Satan, but Belial skipped that evolution and mutated into a different branch. Your migraine and torrent of thoughts are due to your inability to focus the mental energy properly. It's a hurricane in your mind, but you need to soothe it, and turn it into a focused marble that moves from place to place." He laughs. "Haha, and maybe you'll have better luck trying to read my mind. Oracles can't read the minds of past or present Oracles. Still, it's funny to feel you trying."

With a chuckle, Tvoorik closes his eyes and strains. "Sorry. I didn't mean to be rude, Emperor Diab-"

"Lord, not Emperor. The old title doesn't fit my position anymore. Now shut up and focus your mana at the point where my thumb is. Breathe. Relax. Do this several times. You'll be able to stop the pain that way."

While those two do their exercises, I saunter over to Bael. He barely even looks at me. "What?"

"That's what I want to ask you. Aren't you still a Duke? Why are you even here? You could easily beat the crap out of the Lords out front. You don't have to stay here."

The giant demon smirks. "Like I give a shit. I work for Diablo, not that snot-nosed runt. Even with Diablo's power, one glance from me 'n he took off running. Besides, Diablo's right. I just wanna lay around and be lazy. Getting the shit kicked out of me ain't fun, ya know?"

"I guess. What's up with the blood?" I gesture at the smelly residue covering his body, and Bael shrugs.

"We have to leave it on, for a while. Hellga's rules. It's pretty calming, actually. You should try out the pits sometime. Tastes great, too."

"I'll take your word on it. I hope someone cleaned the blood out after you were done with it."

Bael raises his middle finger to me. "Up yours. You're just jealous of my good looks, stinky."

Diablo and Tvoorik finish up in the corner, so I roll my eyes at Bael. "Nice projection, Duke of Chains. I'll be seeing you around."

"I hope not."

Tvoorik nods at me as I walk over. "Diablo's right! That worked swell, buddy!"

"Good to hear." I watch as he chats with Diablo for a few minutes, and a thought occurs to me. _His speech has become less sophisticated all of a sudden. The result of learning to control his abilities?_

"You're the best, Diablo! I'll make sure'n let that Jasper fellow know about the Turduckians."

Diablo's eye twitches. " _Jason. Kolvaxians_. Lucifer's Ghost, maybe I helped you out a little _too_ much. Get moving; time's running short."

"Caaaan do!" Tvoorik nudges me. "C'mon pal, let's bust this joint."

"Yup."

As we stroll out the front door, Tvoorik smiles jovially at the guard from before, whose body shakes as we walk past. "You're doin' a great job! I'll make sure Beelzebub knows how helpful you were!"

The demon Lord calms down noticeably. "Really? Oh, I thank you very much for your kindness!"

Once we're out of earshot, Tvoorik nudges me. "I didn't wanna embarrass him, but that guard had the hots for you. Maybe it ain't a girl you need."

"Shut up, Tvoorik."

I smile, in spite of myself. At least he's the same as he's always been. I couldn't stand to lose him.
