Part 242a:

The pain never ends.

For ten years now, I've borne this terrible agony not just on my face, but in my heart. Earth, while peacefully rebuilding their army and increasing the expanses of their space navy, has finished building the first major colony on Mars. It turns out most of my terraforming went to waste, as the planet itself just couldn't sustain the life needed to make it habitable for humans. Now it's mostly covered in rotting marshes and frozen mulch.

While life goes on, I feel a silent terror every day. The feeling of _someone_ watching me, day in and day out. It never ends. I can only assume this curse that Hades put on me has many special attributes, one of which includes allowing him to track and follow me everywhere. But it's worse than that, I feel as if my every thought is being heard, every emotion amplified, every fear exploited. I have had nightmares nightly for the last seven years, and at this point I've become so numb to them that I barely even scream in my sleep.

But the universe has moved on, while I've been afflicted. I still cast my magic, knowing full well that Hades and possibly Satan both may know about my Wordsmithing. It can't be helped at this point. With my energy reserves so high thanks to the power of Excalibur, I can crank out spaceships and clone new super-weapons at rates far exceeding my previous speed. I can't sit around and wallow in pain, even if there seems to be no known cure to my affliction and wordsmithing can't remove it.

It's been ten years since the event that has now come to be known as The Day of Woe. January 3rd, 2035, a couple of days after the new year. I'm at the main military base on the moon, known as Fort Johannesburg, named after the president killed in office during that awful attack. Personally, given that I know he was a very flawed man, a political pawn of sorts, I didn't really think he deserved the honor, but other wings of the base were named after other world leaders, so it is all fine by me. There are 6 bases on the moon, each established at strategic points. Every single base connects to the moon's recently discovered molten core. It was theorized for decades that it was molten, but only once we discovered the existence for the Sword of Damocles did we pursue intensely the possibility the moon had a molten core.

The Sword of Damocles was no ordinary super-weapon. To generate the energy needed to send massive projectiles flying at nearly the speed of light, it needed a lot of power. And since, at that time, Earth had no fusion reactors or anything like it, they decided to take energy from Earth's very molten core. Now we no longer need to do that, as fusion energy has been cracked all thanks to the Volgrim, but transporting the materials needed to the moon is dangerous, so for now they're simply continuing to use the molten core concept on the moon.

Each base on the moon has its own S.O.D., and each one is built at a specific point. There are two at each pole, one aimed at Earth, and one at each 'side' of the moon, as well as a final base on the moon's equator on the 'dark' side.

The purpose of these super-weapons being built is simple. If Earth is attacked, the moon itself becomes a super-weapon capable of striking at any direction it needs to, in order to wipe out as many Volgrim ships as possible. The downside are that the base that fires at them will almost surely be swiftly eradicated. Since the moon is barren for the most part, it would be all too easy for the Volgrim to figure out where the attacks are coming from.

There is another issue too, with the base that faces Earth. If they fire a projectile, naturally it will wipe out the Volgrim ship it hits, but it will also pass through and smash into Earth's surface, causing tremendous amounts of damage. This means the only way we can use the Earth side S.O.D. is if we fire at an angle where the shot will miss Earth, not an easy proposition given the limited field of firing. The other issue is that if they attack us from the opposite side of Earth as where the moon sits, we can't use any of the S.O.D. weapons, but we've mostly solved for that by positioning the brunt of our main fleet on that side.

Interestingly, the moon has an obvious advantage, which is its stationary tracking as it travels around earth. Thanks to its tidal-locked lack of rotation, it has a fixed field of view to fire from. It also serves as a nice repair base where ships dock and land to be fine-tuned or upgraded, and to give their crew some much needed R&R.

I float-jump down the entryway from the hangar towards the main corridor leading to the office section of the base, bouncing around lightly thanks to the low gravity on the moon. The bases are all constructed with a small upper-section mostly comprised of a large hanger with the S.O.D. pointing upwards, and the rest of the base is built underground. From what I've heard, the worst part about the moon-base is the freaking moon dust. It gets everywhere and it'd make me itchy if it came into contact with my skin. Some people truly despise it, calling it the 'blight of the moon', a secret silent agitator.

As I float down the corridors, which occasionally go straight downwards for short distances, (easily solved for with an average jump), I finally arrive in the first part of the office section, apparently named 'Takayumi" after the late prime minister of Japan who had died in the initial Volgrim attack.

I open up a blast door and a cute young woman is standing there silently. She takes in my suit with a single glance and nods. "Judicator, then?" Despite her cute appearance, she acts very formally, showing a strict military discipline.

I nod quickly. It's pretty obvious who I am. I'm on the cover of basically every national magazine and constantly talked about on the news. I don't even think they have much to talk about, but I get good ratings so... whatever.

"Great. My name is Amy Sandoval, I'm supposed to guide you around." She is wearing a tightly fit navy blue UEF military outfit, created for cadets, but it lacks even a single wrinkle. She must keep it ironed constantly. With a simple ponytail to hold her brown hair up in place, I note that she doesn't wear anything excessively 'girly' or gaudy. No earrings, no makeup, nothing to decorate herself in the slightest. Heck, even the hair-tie she uses to hold her hair in place is colored the exact same as her hair, so it doesn't stick out.

She glances at her holo-watch as a display pops up and she inputs some numbers and letters, her typing speed blowing me out of the water. With just one hand, she must be typing a hundred words per minute, which is even more impressive as the fact she uses the watch means she hasn't mentally augmented herself. She probably is a Purist and doesn't like the idea of technology creeping into every facet of our lives, not that I can blame her. "We need to head to the Classified Zone, specifically room 21A. Use of any theoretical energy there is strictly forbidden."

I nod. "No teleporting, then, hm?"

"No teleporting." She speaks in an almost monotone voice and I can't help but wonder if she has any emotion at all.

We start walking down the halls. "It's about three clicks away, traveling the regular path. As the raven flies, it's only half a click, but as I said, no teleporting. I apologize for the long walk." She glances up at me for a second, her eyes staring wordlessly into my visor, as if to search for something, before she turns back to the hallway we're walking down.

After a minute or two of walking silently, I decide to try for conversation. "So, Amy, how old are-"

She interrupts me. "No offense, Mr. 'Judicator', but please call me Ms. Sandoval. Military etiquette is important, you know."

I nod quickly, realizing that she does in fact value proper military protocol above most other people. "Ah, sorry. Anyway, Ms. Sandoval, how old are you?"

She frowns slightly but it passes quickly. "Don't you know what they say about asking a woman's age? Never mind, I'm twenty one."

I nod as I process the information. "How long have you been in the military?"

She pauses for a moment before replying, as if adding up the time. "Roughly nine years. Possibly eight, probably in between."

"You've been in the military since you were twelve? That seems like a harsh life."

"It is, but I didn't have much choice. I was adopted into a military family after... well, it doesn't matter. My adopted family loved me deeply, and wanted me to vent my anger at the Volgrim in a healthy way, so they started informally training me with guns, swords, even with a bow, and at age 17 they enrolled me in a military academy. Westpoint, to be precise."

"Westpoint, huh? That's very prestigious. They must have been proud of you to make it past the selection criteria."

"My family was quite influential. Getting in wasn't that hard, but graduating was. In fact, I graduated at the #1 spot in my class, finished a year early too." She beamed for the briefest of seconds at this small victory before returning to her usual expressionless face. Clearly she took pride in her accomplishment. "After that, I was enrolled in the UEF Military as a Trainee Officer, and I have worked my way up quickly. I've only been in the Navy for a year and they've already placed me in a secured facility like this."

I saw a hint of a smile not only appear on her face, but stay there for a few seconds. "You mentioned you were angry at the Volgrim. Why is that?"

The smile vanished as quickly as it had come. "You're very nosy, 'Judicator'. You know, I remember when you made your appearance at the WCN assembly and announced to the world that you were a time traveler. I thought you were... cool, like a superhero of sorts. I see now that you're just a regular man who asks too many questions for his own good. As for the answer to your question... the Volgrim killed my mother. Or rather, the debris from orbit killed her. I was at school and didn't find out for five hours. They later found that the debris was from a Volgrim ship, specifically. It's irrational but... I really hate them. I hate everything about them."

She spoke in a monotone voice, but I now realized this wasn't because she was emotionless, but rather, because she was suppressing intense rage all the time. Now that I had gotten her speaking about her mother, her body's temperature had heated up noticeably. At least a single degree, according to my suit's scanners. "I'm... sorry. I didn't mean to bring that up. I really am just... nosy."

She ground her teeth together, my suit picking up the barely detectable sound. "It's _fine_. We're both comrades in this war, and in the end, our goals are the same. Total and complete extermination of the Volgrim menace."

I felt my blood chill slightly. Her voice was filled with poison, directed at nobody in particular. To be honest, my goal wasn't extermination at all, in fact I wanted to try and forge a peace between them and Earth, but judging by her reaction, and the fact she probably wasn't alone in her feelings, this would not be a peace so easily forged.

We walked in mostly silence for another half hour or so, but occasionally shared a bit of chit-chat here and there about nothing in particular, before we finally arrived at the entrance to 21A.

Opening the door, I was greeted by the familiar feeling of my spiritual energy being greatly diminished inside the room. Were it not for my insanely powerful suit, I would probably hate being in here a lot, but I kept my mouth shut. I am not defenseless, as long as I have this suit.

The room was a large laboratory of sorts, all sorts of odd test projects being worked on. I could see on a nearby workbench there was the remains of some strange exotic green matter moving around as if it had a life of its own. Dozens of scientists moved around to-and-fro, here and there. I overheard a couple chatting about dark matter and something involving particle physics, but I'm actually quite dumb when it comes to understanding any of it without actively using the crown, so I just ignored them.

At the back of the room, a man was standing by himself, staring at a holopad that moved rapidly by itself, as he apparently was using the mental link to navigate to and from various things. He paused when he saw the two of us walk up. "Judicator, a pleasure to see you." He nodded at Amy and she returned the gesture before turning to me for a moment.

"A pleasure meeting you, Judicator. Feel free to drop by and speak with me any time."

I smile at her, wincing internally as my smile drags across the cursed scar tissue on my face. "You as well, Ms. Sandoval."

After she leaves, the man stares at me intently, trying to stifle a big grin. "We did it."

I pause. "You uh, did what?"

"We finished the first Newton Engine."
