Part 379a:

Kraal watched as the last fireball streaked across the sky and crashed into the ground. As soon as he detected his fellow unit had reformed itself he sent the signal outwards.

_All Sentinels have landed. I have reset the score. The one who kills the most organics will be the next scouting leader. Commence attack now._

His signal transmitted all around himself in a vibration that could only be felt by the inferior fleshy humans as a humming sound. The other Sentinels repeated his message until it had passed around the entire planet, the entire transmission taking less than a second.

As soon as the others began their total extermination, Kraal and his two companions sent a signal of confidence to one another. _We have the advantage. We have already processed the organics' weaknesses._

The massive Morphox took a long step forwards and several of the white-suited commander units jumped backward in kind. _How many points are the commander units worth compared to the low tier units?_

_Civilians are one point. Military units are two. Structures are three. The commander units are ten._

A human commander unit aimed his hand at Kraal, and a strange metallic rope formed around the Sentinel, suddenly tightening and binding him in place. Kraal immediately directed his sensory units at the human and focused on him.

_I have located my first victim. Switching to microscopic particle cannon._

One of Kraal's eye's shifted appearance slightly as it glowed for a moment. A laser shot out of the socket, piercing right through the commander unit's tough armor, and spinning in a circle around the pulmonary center of his body. A few milliseconds later, the armor fell apart in the front and the back as the commander faltered and fell to the ground. A crimson substance flowed out of his body and spilled all over the dirt, even as Kraal detected with his X-ray scanners that the damage was already being repaired to the commander's internal organs.

_Revision required. I was able to pierce the armor by attacking at the microscopic level, but the commander units have high regenerative capabilities. Threat level revised: Medium. Commander units are now worth fifteen points._ Kraal sent the signal out and received unanimous confirmation in response.

Voltes offered a helpful suggestion. _Unarin's data logs indicate the commander units are weak to the newly acquired neutralization energy. Suggestion: Weaken them with this energy, then pierce the armor with the particle cannon. In this way, they will not be able to heal._

_Noted. You weaken, I will kill._

_Unacceptable. You will receive more points than me._

_Confirmed. Alteration: We will split the points eight to seven._

_Acknowledged, Unit Kraal. That is a satisfactory arrangement._

The two Sentinels turned and walked towards the human defensive perimeter, even as all the humans' body reactions shifted to extreme alarm and most of them radiated pheromones indicative of a primitive fearful reaction.

Two commander units ran forwards and aimed their hands at the robots. Kraal watched silently as a wall of steel suddenly shot up out of the ground, blocking them from moving forward.

_Organic commander units have the ability to create level one barriers. Their abilities defy the laws of physics._

Voltes hummed to the other Sentinels in the area and they all sent the confirmation signals. _Acknowledged. Barrier is made of soft elements. It will not slow us down._

The massive Morphox took three huge steps, moving at an ungodly speed for his size, and in the next second, his arm raced forwards and pulverized the wall with a single punch. _Stop relying on this unit for everything. These humans are insignificant compared to the Volgrim._

Kraal continued walking forward, waiting for Voltes to send out the neutralization energy beams before using his laser to cut out the hearts of the humans before them. One by one, the humans and their commander units began to die at satisfying speeds.

_This is tedious. The scientists at Melkia put up a better fight._

Voltes hummed to himself in annoyance, and Kraal echoed his thoughts. _Agreed. Being shut down for millions of cycles apparently did nothing to increase the threat level of the galaxy. A shame._

_Perhaps after we exterminate the organics, we should create a new breed purely for combat purposes? That would be an entertaining endeavor._ The two of them continued tearing down all who stood before them, even as they shared a tone of sadness.

A commander unit ran up and tossed a small device at the two robots. Kraal evaluated its warfare capabilities in an instant. _Electromagnetic grenade. Projected damage levels: Insignificant._

The grenade went off, causing no damage to the two of them as they tore the commander unit to ribbons, sending out a reminder to other Sentinels to ignore such devices in the future.

_I wish they had kept me shut down for another million cycles. This is disheartening._ Kraal intoned to himself as the Sentinels continued their unstoppable onslaught.

.................................................

"Sensei! They can pierce through the Hypersuits now!" Echo's voice was frantic. "They can even suppress our healing! What do we do?!"

Sensei kept his voice neutral. "C-calm down, Echo. We just need to buy time. We're evacuating the civilians to Heaven. We've long since cleared away the bodies of the angels, so they won't know what Heaven used to be. These robots shouldn't be able to follow us to the other dimensions. For now, just keep drawing their attention. Original will be back soon!"

"He's been gone for hours! We can't hold off fifty thousand of these rob-" Echo stopped speaking abruptly, as his hand shot upwards towards his neck and stopped in midair. A moment later, his head fell from his body as his corpse flopped to the ground. A wave of anti-energy swept over the command post as the Sentinels arrived outside without warning.

_Jesus! They're fast!_ Sensei didn't focus long on Echo. He was a brother, a friend, but a clone nonetheless. More could be made if necessary. This included Sensei himself of course, but still, he couldn't let sentimentality get in their way. They were all likely to die waiting while Original did... whatever the hell he was doing.

_Gods, Original sounded like he was on the verge of something big. I hope he can figure something out._

A voice crackled over his hypersuit's communicator as he fled away from the forward base. It erupted into fire behind him after the Sentinels tore through it. "Sensei! You're one of Jason's top clones, correct?"

The voice was immediately familiar. "Commander Beatrix! I am, what's going on?"

"I'm sending reinforcements your way. Prototypes. These are a new robot called the Alpha Guard. We based them off the micro-dreadnoughts. They're much smaller and nimbler. They won't be able to do much against these Sentinels, but they might be able to cut human casualties down a bit."

"How many can you send?"

Her reply was breathless. "Five hundred thousand. We're pushing the fabricators to the max. We might get a thousand more out by day's end if we live that long."

"That's not nearly enough! Even ten-to-one, the Sentinels will cut them down!" Sensei muted the comm for a moment as he wordsmithed. " **Wings!** "

Angelic wings sprouted, shooting out through the back of his suit and allowing him to take to the air as he left the forward guard behind. "Beatrix, how many citizens of Mars have managed to evacuate?"

"About fifteen percent. We have several portals constructed, but there are millions of people! It would take several days to save everyone under circumstances we could prepare for!"

"I don't want excuses. If the Volgrim break into Termina Ursa... destroy the portals. I'd rather save half of humanity than none of it."

"You're confident they can't follow after the refugees into Heaven?"

"I'm not even remotely sure of that. We might get lucky, but so far the only capabilities they've shown is immense warmongering potential. Just keep at it!" Sensei cut the comm line and turned back to stare at the landscape below him.

This high up, he could barely hear the sound of the devastation below. An explosion sounded off as a human tossed a grenade at one of the Sentinels in a final act of futility before his entire body was melted down by an unseen beam.

_Their reaction times are so much faster than ours. It's as if they perceive the universe on a level more advanced than us. To them, we are slugs trying to use slime as a deadly weapon. It won't work. Original was right, this level of destruction can't simply come from nowhere. The Volgrim played with fire, and now we're the ones being burned._

Sensei shot a look up into outer space. Somewhere up there, Unarin was watching, safe inside his vessel. He was probably smiling as he gloated about how the humans were being wiped out.

_Bastard._

Sensei flew over towards another ridge where clones were being mowed down by a dozen of the death-bots.

"Centurion, alert me when Original returns to the battlefield. I need to speak with him at once."

"REMINDER SET, PILOT JASON HIRO."

The AI sent its affirmation, and Sensei glowered at the inside of the suit. "That isn't my goddamn name."

.................................................

Satan stood beside an angel and a human, as both versions of Marie watched the monitor silently. The ferocity and emotionless violence of the robots didn't affect them, nor did the level of death, but still, all three felt ice in their veins.

"Those things will come for us next." The human spoke quietly, her voice barely a whisper. "I've taken it upon myself as a challenge to think of a way to beat them... but after hearing what happened to the universe of C137... I don't want to do anything desperate yet."

The angel glanced over at her human counterpart. "What happened to it?"

"It's the only other universe the Sentinels appeared. Jason destroyed the entire universe by accident."

Now Satan was flabbergasted. "You're kidding! I know wordsmithing is powerful, but how could he have possibly done such a thing?"

"He used 'Singularity' and accidentally let it get out of control. Idiot."

"Oh." Satan waited, but no explanation was forthcoming. "What's a singularity?"

"It's a human science thing."

"Ah, I see. I don't care then." Satan turned back to the screen just in time to wince as another clone was cut down by three Sentinels at the same time. "If this keeps up, I won't be able to get revenge on him for destroying my people. I can't just let these mechanical nightmares take over everything!"

"You'd better stay out of it, Satan dearest. I don't think you know what you're dealing with." The human Marie walked away and over to a large rectangular glass tank, where several little lizards slithered around inside. She pressed a button, and several flies were deposited inside, causing the lizards to frenzy after the fresh supply of food.

"I have no clue indeed. Humans and Volgrim... your species lack the power needed to rule, so you create artificial constructs to fight your wars for you. Cowardly, if you ask me. Crushing the skull of an opponent is the most satisfying way to win a battle."

"Yes, but our 'cowardly ways' also allow us to win." The angel glanced at the screen just in time to see a clone's head sliced in half. "Most of the time."

"It isn't doing you any favors now. The Volgrim's constructs turned on them, as they have attacked the humans. Soon, they will be at our doorstep." He scratched his chin thoughtfully. "Forget this. I can't stay here any longer. I'm going out there."

"It's your funeral." The angel had hardly spoken the words before Satan vanished with a quick movement of his hands.

She stared at the spot where he had been standing for a few moments before turning to look at her human counterpart. "Would you stop playing with the damn lizards? Help me find a way to stop the Sentinels!"

"I will, so calm your horses. I can't help it if my cuties are hungry." She leaned over and cooed softly at the little creatures running around in the glass before turning back to the angel. "Let's see what we can do."
