Part 398b

"Supreme Commander Hiro, the UEF Mothership is cleared for landing. Please proceed to the designated docking point marked on your display in three minutes, five seconds."

The robotic voice speaks to me, and I fiddle with the display console commands. Every time I look at something or interact with a computer, a fragment of memory surfaces, allowing me to remember how it works. The 'Supreme Commander' indeed had many memories stored, but it seems they will only appear in my mind if I'm reminded of them by something external, like a comment someone directs at me about the past, or when I look at something he considered significant.

Lora sits in the seat beside me, and she's been silent as always during the trip. She seems cold and distant, ever since I erased her memory, but not unfamiliar. It's like she's avoiding me, but not intentionally. I've probed her mind and found no memory of Silvia, so it can't be that she hates me for any reason involving the child.

I scratch my chin thoughtfully while the ship slowly moves forward at impulse power to glide into its designated docking platform. Why did I kill Silvia? Yes, she failed me... but was that a good reason to do so? Something about my action was distinctly not something I would normally do. It was almost as if something or someone was influencing me.

Not that it was the wrong thing to do. Far from it, I just don't think I would usually waste a pawn for no reason. At least Silvia's death gave me the perfect distraction to take out the Supreme Commander.

I grunt and let the thoughts slip away. They don't matter. Silvia's gone, and even if I cloned her from my memory, she wouldn't be the same person anymore, she'd just be a mindless object.

Instead, I turn my attention to the hangar before us. Up ahead, several dozen people are clustered together at the platform my ship is aiming for. "Computer, can you zoom in on those people? I want a better look."

A single beep answers my request, and the screen zooms in to enhance. I stare blankly at them for a minute while the ship makes its landing corrections, and eventually the memories of each one bubble up to the surface, though I only get names and a superficial idea of their personality instead of any profound memories or life history.

Even despite these limitations, I quickly realize that the Supreme Commander never knew these people all that well. They're just low-level bureaucrats, and the word 'kiss-ass' comes to mind. I can probably ignore them and keep my cool, but I'll be polite, just in case.

Lora closes up her helmet, and I take mine off, though I keep wearing my hypersuit. I copied both of our suits from what the other Jason wore and repaired them to restore their functionality. I have to say that they're quite beneficial. The protection isn't much different from my invisible suit that I wear at all times, but somehow wearing something more akin to a light armor makes me feel more protected. It's nothing major, but it makes a psychological difference to me.

The ship lands and Lora and I make our way down the steps., One of the leaders steps forward quickly, but I notice a few of the others behind her flash a tinge of irritation at how she jumped ahead of the pack. "Supreme Commander! We're so glad you made it back safely! How did your foray into the labyrinth go?"

I keep my expression neutral, unsure if I should be friendly or curt. Best to play it safe until I get a better feel for how he interacted with other people. "Adjunct Denara, it's good to see you as well. My mission was a success, and I found what I was looking for."

Not a single person looks at Lora. She's just an ordinary bodyguard, too unimportant for them to care. Denara's smile sweetens, and she takes a few steps closer, closing the gap between us as I step off the docking ramp. "So the diplomatic effort was a success then? Were you able to finally find common ground with the demons? Or did they stubbornly cling to their warlike ways?"

Is that the cover story? The other Jason went there to fight me, so he must have kept my identity secret from everyone else. Why? Maybe he didn't know where my allegiances were directed? Even so, to lie to other world leaders...

"You know demons; they're so stubborn." I give a neutral answer, neither confirming nor denying anything, but I see the gears turning in her head as she makes my words fit whatever preconceived response she expected.

"Oh yes, of course we do! It was unfortunate, but demons will be demons after all!"

A man from the back steps forward. "Denara, please save some of the greetings for the rest of us. Commander Hiro, it is an honor to finally meet you. I am-"

I interrupt him. "Thomas Willard. Yes, of course. I have heard of you in passing."

My memories of the man are very faint, and judging by the fact he mentioned never meeting me, he and the other Jason must never have had any formal contact, though my knowledge of his background does hold more than I might expect from someone who is barely an acquaintance. The original Supreme Commander must have done his homework on every politician across the galaxy. He was very thorough.

Thomas grins at me. "I'm impressed! I hadn't expected you to know my name before we even spoke to each other! Do you have a retinal scanner, perhaps? That would be cheating!"

I smile pleasantly at him. "No need for cheating, Mister Willard. I didn't become Supreme Commander by being lazy."

More of the politicians in the back push up to speak with me, and I quickly hide a grimace. Truthfully, I don't give a damn about these idiots. They're just wasting my valuable time. I decide to make my move. "Apologies to everyone here, but I am exhausted. I have been away for a while and would like very much to head home and get some rest."

Disappointment crosses over all of their faces at once, but they nod universally, being very understanding of my situation. Denara coughs into her fist. "Sir, before you head home, there was an urgent matter to attend to regarding the Liarus system. I'm sure the acting Auxiliary Commander would have gotten to it, but your deft touch is always a bonus."

I nod slowly. "Alright. Thank you for the information. I'll just... uh... head to my..." I struggle to think of where I work, but Denara, ever the helpful one, fills in the blank for me.

"We sent the information to your assistant, Stephanie. It will be at your office."

"My office, right. Thank you, Adjunct Denara."

I quickly pull away from the group of people, and Lora follows behind me silently.

"Christ. This Commander is a busybody. He's just way too popular. I can't process all of his memories at once, and new ones are slow to arrive."

Lora simply nods as she falls into stride beside me, but I can't see her expression thanks to the helmet hiding her face.

I glance down at my wrist, where a holographic communicator is sitting. I tap it curiously, and nothing happens. A moment later, the other Jason's memories appear, and I realize how to use it. "Morris, where is my office located?"

The suit silently pops up a holographic map in midair, hovering above my wrist, with an arrow pointing to a direction forwards and to the right slightly, at an elevator shaft.

"Oh. Handy." I raise my eyebrows at the technological marvel and wonder to myself what a future tens of millions of years after I was born will be like. It must be a utopia if humanity is still around and no major wars are ongoing. Other than the demons of course, but even I can see the demons are a non-issue.

Lora and I step into an elevator, and it begins to descend to the planet surface beneath us. Earth awaits.

.................................................

I switch off my holographic map once it points straight ahead down a hallway where my destination awaits. The space on the map is impressively big, so naturally, I'll be able to find it now that I'm on the same floor. It's a salaryman's dream come true; the perfect corner office.

A minute of walking passes, and soon I arrive at a desk where a young woman is sitting, her thin framed glasses sitting lightly on her nose as she flicks through her datapad. She's a frumpy young thing, wearing a plaid shirt and black slacks, and her black hair is pulled back into a tight bun. I stare at her for several seconds before she looks up and jerks back in surprise. "O-oh! Supreme Commander! I didn't realize you were back yet!"

Her name pops into my head, along with other details. "Stephanie, I see you've been... hard at work."

Mental impressions of disdain enter my mind. The other Jason thought his assistant was a lazy slacker, but he's always taken it easy on her because of her life circumstances. What a pushover.

"I'm sorry, Commander Hiro, I just didn't know you were coming back today! Your office is all cleaned up, so go ahead and head on in."

"I will." I continue walking onward and arrive at the doorway to my office, with Lora still very much in tow. I feel Stephanie's gaze filled with curiosity as she examines the person wearing the commando armor beside me, but she doesn't ask who the suited person is. Good, I'd rather not answer.

I stare at the door, but nothing happens. Every other door in the building opens automatically, but not this one?

"Uh, open. Activate. Engage." I speak, but it stubbornly stays shut. I start to ask Stephanie what's wrong, but a robotic male voice responds.

"You are not an authorized visitor."

Stephanie stands up at the desk abruptly, a look of worry on her face. "Oh shoot, the door isn't opening? I'm sorry, commander, just try using the override code. I thought the door was in perfect working order!"

I lick my lips and wait for a few seconds, and the activation code comes to mind. "Computer, I am Supreme Commander Jason Hiro. The override code is Delta-Niner-Tango-Omnicron."

A low beep sounds off. "You are not an authorized person. Only the Supreme Commander may enter this room or approve visitors."

Stephanie quickly hustles over to me, a guilty expression on her face. "I'm sorry, Commander. Samuel's not usually like this. I'll have a maintenance crew investigate the issue as soon as possible."

A bead of sweat drips down my face. "Can you allow me inside, Stephanie?"

She stares at me for a few seconds, then blinks. "Oh, of course! You gave me clearance when you left! Sorry, I'm just so forgetful!" She quickly looks up at the ceiling. "Samuel, access please."

A cheerful beep. "No problem, Miss Guillermo! You are an authorized guest!"

The door whooshes open, and she takes a step back. "There you go! Sorry about the confusion, I don't know why he's doing this."

I shrug nonchalantly. "It's fine. Just make sure you get a maintenance crew on it. I don't want to go through this every day."

She nods, and Lora and I step inside the room, while the door closes behind us.

I take in the sights. It's a reasonably spacious office, with enough space to throw down two executive tables with dozens of chairs worth of seating room. The office window has a fantastic view outside, and I can see thousands of towering skyscrapers all around for miles and miles in every direction.

I am on Earth. It's been dramatically changed from before I entered my cryopod, but I can't mistake it for anything else. The sun beats down from outside, but the temperature controls have the room set to the perfect temperature. I walk over to my desk, tucked off in the corner, and beckon to a chair across the chamber. "Go have a seat, Lora. I'm going to try and figure out what the hell is going on."

She walks over and pats the seat in surprise, likely at how comfortable it looks, then sinks into it. I'm sure if she wasn't wearing her helmet, she'd breathe a sigh of relief.

I reach over to a terminal and tap on it, my fingers moving on their own as the other Jason's practiced movements show up in my memory. When the password comes up, I type on the floating keys without thinking about it. _Rosebud._ What a queer password.

A vast network of files appears before me, all of them sorted into neat categories and such, but I stare at them for two long minutes as I debate what to look into first.

Finally, I go for the one labeled _State of Affairs_. Pictures and images pop up as I quickly scroll past them. I quickly spot the current date, 45,153 L.Y. which means nothing to me. I already know from the other Jason's memories that he is several million years old, I just don't know precisely how long it's been since I entered the cryopod.

Several headlines grab my attention. _Volgrim tensions are increasing. Mass extinction on Fennors II. Solar winds expected to double Dyson output for the next two centuries._

I read for a long while, but my head starts to hurt and soon I'm ready to fall asleep. There's just too much to process. The universe is in an entirely different place from when I was born. It's like I'm in the twilight zone.

The computer overhead makes an alert sound, and the previous Jason's memories of that ping tell me there's a visitor at the door. Christ, can't anyone leave me alone for once?

"Come in."

I wait, but nothing happens. Then I remember the issues with the door. I tap my wrist communicator. "Stephanie, can you let in whoever's at the door?"

She doesn't respond, but a moment later the door opens, and a redhead wearing thick brimmed glasses walks in, as Stephanie beats a hasty retreat in the background.

This time, my memory recognizes the person immediately. She's someone the other Jason interacted with on a regular basis. Marie Becker, the head of the engineering department. A veritable genius, it would seem.

"Miss Becker, great to see you again."

She pauses her walking toward me to raise an eyebrow. "Miss Becker? My my, aren't we formal today?" She casts a glance at my suit and then over to Lora sitting in the corner. "What's with the getup, and who's the stiff?"

I shake my head quickly. "Oh, come on, I just got back. No need for so many questions. I'm very fatigued."

"Uh huh... right." There's a hesitation in her voice as she once again continues walking forward, stopping a few feet from my desk. "I came as soon as I heard you were back. Have you gotten around to the Liarus request? They were asking for supplies and help to repair damage caused by the megaquake off their coast. The death tolls are in the thousands."

I glance down at my holopad on my desk, but see nothing on it. "I don't have that information. Wait, hold on..." I reach over and call Stephanie again. "Hey, Stephanie, did you send me the information on the Liarus system yet?"

There's a pause before her voice responds back frantically. "Oh my gosh! I'm so sorry! I forgot! I'll mail it to you right now!"

I roll my eyes and cut the line. A few moments later, my pad makes a ping sound as the information appears. "That woman... I tell you what..."

I look back up to see Marie staring at me with an odd look in her eyes. "Say, I was wondering, did you manage to find the other Wordsmith? You were gone much longer than anticipated."

I suddenly feel a chill go down my spine. She knows about me? I thought the Supreme Commander told everyone it was a diplomatic mission...

I quickly cough into my glove. "Heh, yeah, funny story. It turned out to be nothing. Just a demon we hadn't seen before. I took care of him."

"Oh? How... unlike you." Her eyes glow with a look I've never seen before, and she quickly speaks up. "Samuel, flush the property. Level 4 clearance."

I suddenly realize my error and jump up out of my seat, but it's too late as the entire room floods with that energy neutralization from before. I stagger back as a wave of nausea and agony overtakes me, making me trip over my chair and fall on my ass. My body begins to feel numb rapidly, and my head spins as well. "M-Marie! Stop! This is treason!"

From the corner of my eye, I see Lora leap from her chair and charge over at Marie, but the woman just taps something on her belt and Lora stumbles, falling face-first into the carpet.

"Shut up. Which one are you, and what did you do with Jason 12F?"