Part 116 - Secrets

Gabriel, now towering over the leader of the gods, Kronos, bowed, his massive body almost seeming like he was instead kneeling down to try and see the tiny figure underneath him.

"My king, I return with good tidings."

Kronos smiled broadly. "Of course! I should expect nothing less! How did the results of the battle turn out?"

Gabriel beamed positive emotions, but kept his smile modest. "A total rout, my lord. We destroyed tens of thousands of the demons, and they fled due to Satan's direct orders."

Kronos, still smiling, nodded as he pondered the outcome. "Satan himself gave the order?"

"Yes, my liege."

"Hmm. Satan has never once retreated in battle. He must have been terrified. How many humans did we lose?"

Gabriel paused. "You may find this difficult to believe. Under the guidance of the son of Zeus, there were zero human fatalities."

Kronos' smile evaporated, as he stared up at Gabriel in awe. "Zero? That can't be possible."

"It is a fantastical tale, to be sure, but not a single human died on that day. In fact, thanks to Hercules special ability, the troops had shared vision of each other and fought as one. They received nary even a single scratch."

Kronos stared stonily. All hint of positive emotion was gone. "While that is certainly good for now, that is a fearsome and decisive defeat. Such power and total victory has not been witnessed for ages." The king turned away, now staring at the ground. "I feel a sense of fear now. One as strong as Hercules... he is a threat, a terrifying threat. Zeus is clearly a lower god I have underestimated. His love affairs put us all in peril."

Gabriel nodded knowingly. "Yes, I met Zeus once. He is reclusive, living deep inside the bowels of Olympus. Sometimes, there are rumored to be booming sounds in the deep, but too many fear him to enter his abode. I would certainly advise caution, my lord."

Kronos nodded, as he mulled the thoughts over in his head. "Tell me, Gabriel. Have you ever considered the merits of the three factions involved in this Great War?"

Gabriel stared down at his king, unsure of how to respond. "I don't know to what you refer."

Kronos made a sweeping gesture with his hands. "You are my friend, and my closest confidante. What I am about to discuss with you shall never leave this chamber. Am I clear?"

Gabriel nodded slowly. _This must be serious,_ he thought to himself. Using his immense spiritual power, he carefully concentrated on his body, shrinking himself down to a smaller form, about the same size as his king, perhaps a head taller. "Before you continue, we should go somewhere private. There are many prying ears that may be listening."

Kronos nodded. "A sound idea."

...................................................................

They arrived in the grand personal chambers of His Majesty, and they took seats opposite each other at a small table, made entirely of marble. The seats were very large, much too large for a normal angel, but for Kronos and Gabriel, beings that stood over thirty feet tall, the chairs were the perfect size.

Kronos sipped a rich golden liquid, a secret broth of heaven, made from the pure spiritual energy of passed beings who had perished in battle.

"Gabriel, I want you to consider my words carefully. This information is secret, known only to some high ranking angels, and even then the full details are only known to me. You will be the second."

Gabriel nodded slowly, as he thoughtfully rolled two small orbs of energy around in his hand. The motion calmed him, helping to put him in a meditative and receptive state of mind.

"What do you suppose the differences are between the three major players in this Great War?"

Gabriel stared blankly at his king. "I suppose the differences- hm. Well, angels can fly, only certain demons can, and humans cannot."

Kronos rolled his eyes. "Alright. That's one difference, I suppose. Go on."

Gabriel, one to usually contain his emotions, blushed noticeably at the king's obvious irritation. "Well, I guess another would be the appearances of the three races. Demons have reddened skin, humans range in tones, and angels are-"

Kronos sighed and held up his hand to halt Gabriel. "You're missing the big picture. You're thinking of the obvious differences. Let's start with an important difference. _How the three races live._ Angels live in heaven, while the humans and demons are on Earth."

Gabriel nodded as he twirled the orbs in his hand thoughtfully.

"Because angels are separated, we are essentially indifferent to the suffering of the humans below us. And since we do not directly interact with humans very often, they view us as omnipotent beings that only appear in times of great calamity. But that is not the case. Despite the divide between our world and theirs, we are intricately linked with the fate of humans and many other lesser beings on Earth. And do you know why?"

Gabriel shifted his gaze to the ground. "No, my liege. I know not."

Kronos lowered his voice. "We require thought energy from the lower races. Not just to increase our power, but to simply survive. We need no sustenance, and we are immortal, but without thought energy and spiritual energy, we will lose our immortality."

Gabriel jerked his head back up. "Lose it?! How can such a-"

Kronos quickly shushed him. "Silence, you fool. This is the highest level of secrecy. If this information were to slip to the demons, we would be at a major disadvantage tactically."

Gabriel nodded quickly. "Yes, yes, m-my apologies."

Kronos recovered his thoughts and spoke again. "There's more. You have to look at the motivations of everyone involved in this war. Demons are our enemies, since in the past we had enslaved them before the humans were around, and forced the demons to give us thought energy to survive. But demons also despise humans. Humans were originally a species lower than demons, and have risen quickly in intelligence and spiritual power. When they rose, they started stepping on and attacking the demons. This built up a great resentment between the two."

Gabriel stared ahead quietly. This much he knew. All angels knew this.

Kronos indicated himself with his hand. "The reason I am the king of the gods is known to few. It's not just because I am a descendant of the Titans. It's because unlike you angels, I do not require spiritual energy to stay immortal, I can simply ingest it to increase my power infinitely. I also can generate my own energy, and I can devour the dark energy of slain demons, something no angel can do."

Gabriel leaned forwards, his eyes intently showing his interest. "My liege, you are truly a mighty king. You must be giving me this information for a reason. I should expect that you know I will never betray you."

Kronos nodded. "I want to be honest with you. You are now the only being mighty enough to kill me. Your ascension to Cosmos Class makes you the most powerful being in existence. Even I fear you somewhat..." Kronos voice trailed off as his gaze seemed to wander past Gabriel, looking through him as if he weren't there.

"My king, I would never-" Gabriel stared down at the table. So this is why. This is why he had been summoned here. The king feared him. "We have been friends for eons, brothers at that. Even if I were mind controlled to betray you, I would cut out my own soul afterwards..."

"Yes, I know you would." Kronos smiled gently, an expression Gabriel had never seen before. "I have been alone at the top for generations of humans and demons now. Nobody I could speak to, nobody I could trust. You alone are truly my only friend."

Gabriel stared at his king, emotions swirling inside him.

A few moments passed as both of them were deep in thought. Kronos broke the silence. "Let's continue. The differences between the races are vast. The demons never posed a threat to us, but those few short years ago, something happened. Satan somehow gained the ability to evolve, and to force his body to mutate rapidly. Since then, he has mutated many, many times. The terrifying thing about demons is thus: They are immortal, as are we, but they require no thought or spiritual energy to stay alive forever."

"And even moreso, they have the ability to breed and create new life. Angels do not. Gods can, but if a god mates a thousand times, only one of those has a chance at producing offspring. When it comes to vitality and replenishing our numbers, we are at an incredible disadvantage. And this is where humans come in. Because angels are finite, and their numbers are lowering all the time, humans are our only means of bolstering our forces. They are- I should not say 'cattle', but similar to cattle. Because humans can create many more of their kind, they are our real forces in the fight against the demons. I try not to spare angels if I do not have to."

Gabriel interrupted. "Sire, if what you say is true, I still find it morally reprehensible that you would let humans be slaughtered. What reason could you have for this?"

Kronos stared at Gabriel evenly. "Let's try a mental exercise. Which is more reprehensible? Ending the life of a being that would have lived for an eternity, or ending the life of a being that would die of old age in a short span of time anyways?"

Gabriel hesitated, still wanting to take the high ground, but he couldn't bring himself to do it. "I suppose the being of unlimited life would lose much more."

Kronos nodded. "Yes. And there is still more. All angels were created at the beginning of time by the Creator, the Original, the Unknowable. When he vanished, many angels died simply as a result of a lack of thought energy. My research indicated that in the beginning there may have been septillions of angels, but an unthinkable number of them gave their existences up in order to create the first form of thought energy in order to save the rest of their race. Today, only tens of millions remain. That number may be huge, but humans and demons alike would readily out-breed us quickly if either one actually won this war."

Gabriel audibly gasped. "You mean we have to keep the number of humans, our allies, low? As _well_ as the demons?!"

Kronos nodded. "As big of a threat as the demons are, we cannot afford to eradicate them. We need humans and demons to keep fighting. We need them to hate each other, but still coexist with one another. What do you suppose would happen if we simply overwhelmed and killed all the demons off? Simply put, humans would no longer have a mortal enemy. Their killing instinct would turn against us, they would stop praying to us for protection, and they would begin attacking us. With no thought energy being gained from them, and with no other enemies to keep their numbers at bay, we would lose this war in an instant."

Gabriel slumped in his chair. _By the gods_. This news was universe shattering. He had never thought in these terms before. He gazed at Kronos in wonder. This being, this was no mere Titan. If he had come out and stated that he was the Original One, the Creator, Gabriel would undoubtedly believe him.

"My liege, how can we- why... I can't..." Words escaped his grasp.

Kronos nodded sagely. "Now you understand, _brother_." He put heavy emphasis on the last word. "You cannot escape your fate now. You and I are bound together. We have a sacred duty to keep hold of the balance of power in this universe. If I were ever to be killed somehow, and some young fool took the throne, things would end badly for all the races."

Gabriel nodded and spoke quietly. "That, my king, is the understatement of all eternity."