Part 215a:

Uzziel gasped audibly as she saw the incredible sight in front of her. Even Gabriel, shrunken down to a 'normal' sized angelic form, was impressed.

"These are machines for war? How powerful are they?" Gabriel stared in wonder at the varying assortments of robots, auto-piloted armors, and armors that a rider would step into. He recalled something Raphael had told him, many many centuries before, about the power of human innovation.

"I can't really put a number on it, but they're definitely strong enough to win a war. I've filled up five square miles of underground with them, and I'd say we have about 200,000 ready to go. Of course though, that doesn't count the lowest level. Level 11 is where the good stuff goes." I smiled as I walked them towards a rapid-transit elevator I had created using the crown.

To date, I have not displayed my wordsmithing openly to any angel or human. Some may have witnessed me incidentally, but I don't think anyone saw me actually using my abilities yet.

We stepped into the elevator, and in seconds, it had already traveled ten floors underground, each floor being the size of a massive airport hangar, stretching for miles into the distance. Before they could even understand how fast we had traveled in such a short time, we came to a smooth stop at the bottom, as the metal doors hissed open.

Stepping out into the lowest level hangar, I ushered them into the most important room, stifling a grin as they again gasped audibly, this time even more loudly than before.

Spaceships, over a dozen types, were situated on the inside of the room. Using my abilities, I had perfectly remembered every detail of the ship that OMEN was stored in, during the future, and then inspected my own memories of it, allowing me to reverse engineer it with the power of the Crown.

We walked past some small 'fighter' class ships first. A few thousand of them were all over the room. I didn't know how to actually fly them yet, and would likely require an AI or a lot of training to make them work properly, especially for human pilots, but the fact they existed meant we had the possibility of space warfare in the near future.

There were also various types of shuttles, mining ships, and energy-beaming ships that could convert solar and other types of energy into beams of light that could power other ships or stations on the surface of a planet.

"My first goal is to colonize Mars." I stated this simply, leaving the others to roll the thought around in their minds.

"How would you go about doing that? Mars is pretty inhospitable to life, and you don't have nearly enough time to improve it, if what you said about the Volgrim arriving soon is true."

I felt my grin creep out noticeably on my face. "Actually, I'm not worried about time. I can make some pretty magical things happen."

I turned to face Gabriel and Uzziel both. "In fact, this is why I wanted to speak to the two of you today. I need your help. I lack magical energy to accomplish some important tasks in the future. In the timeline I came from, Gabriel, I had a colossal amount of power, similar in vein to your current amount of power, but the amount that I have now is a drop in the bucket compared to it. Might you be able to help me increase my upper limit?"

Gabriel stared ahead at me stonily. "You're asking for a tall task. Understand that we've given you much help, and a lot of aid, all because we simply have to trust in you. But you also are a threat not just to the angels and gods, but humanity and the demons, or rather, life as we know it. Time travel, from the little I know of it, gives you a great power that no others have, which is knowledge of the future. For all I know, you might be manipulating us with that knowledge. Since you seem to be honest, I'm assuming you are not, but please try not to press too hard for more favors."

I nod as I take his words in. "All right... that seems fair enough. I won't bother you about it again."

As we walked along, the two archangels continued to marvel at the varying spaceships as my mind found itself wandering. I need a way to conceal my powers. In the future, I was easily defeated and taken advantage of on multiple occasions because the demons were able to figure out the truths of wordsmithing. Once they understood how it worked, they could protect themselves against my more potent simplistic words, like _die_ and _death_.

"By the gods, what is this thing?!" Gabriel gasped in amazement, as did Uzziel. We had finally arrived at the Mothership, my soon-to-be base floating above Earth. It was a massive, jet-shaped spacecraft, sitting almost 5,000 feet long and 2,000 feet wide at its widest points. I wasn't yet sure of how to create FTL drives so we could travel to other stars and star systems, but based on what I had gleaned from OMEN, it was easily possible.

I smiled as I waved my hand dramatically up and towards the spaceship."This is Mothership Alpha, the first of her kind. She will be my official 'base in space', designed to keep an eye out over the planet, and watch out for a Volgrim incursion. Hopefully, by the time they arrive, we'll have a fleet in space, waiting for them. I would like to respond with diplomacy, but if they attack first, I will fight back."

"It seems a solid plan. I won't doubt your abilities." Gabriel smiled as he stared up at the amazing spaceship.

After a while, I invited them in, showing off various amenities the ship offered, as well as its more interesting war capabilities and such. A few hours later, Uzziel and Gabriel eventually departed, leaving me to my own thoughts.

...................................................................

"You know, kid, 'ventually they're gonna figure out what yer abilities are. I can tell yer trying to keep 'em a secret, but secrets erode a friendship." Harold piped in as he seemed to rock back and forth on an invisible chair in my mental vision.

"Yeah, I know. I need to keep my abilities a secret though. It's absolutely essential. I made the mistake of using them too brazenly in the future and it cost me greatly."

Harold nodded. "Well, if that's the case, lemme ask ya some easy questions. First, can you use your wordsmithin' without speaking?"

I shake my head.

"Okay, what 'bout the volume? Does that matter?"

I nod. "The volume affects the intensity of the spell I cast. If I scream something, it's very powerful. If I whisper it, it's very weak."

Harold smiles slightly as his mind ponders things a bit. "A'ight, how 'bout this, why not try wearin' a helmet that's totally soundproof? Then even if ya yell or speak, ain't a soul that kin' hear ya!"

I feel my eyes glaze over. Of course, that makes perfect sense. I doubt such a helmet exists, but I can make it appear easily. Heck, I can make it do all sorts of other things, like reinforce it to the point where a nuclear bomb wouldn't damage it in the slightest. Hell, why not just make a whole new suit of armor? Not to mention the practicality of hiding my aura and disguising my identity.

"Harold, you're a goddamn genius."

Harold leans back and rolls his eyes. "Yeap, I hear ya. Bout time the old folks got a bit o' that recognition 'round here."

I raise my hand up and aim it at a chair nearby. Focusing my mind carefully, I chant a single word. " _Helmet_."
