Part 267a: Discoveries

Words are easy. Everyone has words they like to use. Anyone can think of words to use in a comeback. The problem is not a lack of words, it's almost always a time constraint. When I look back on battles I've fought in the past, whether against Volgrim or Demon, if ever I had a regret, it was that I hadn't been able to think of the proper word to use in any specific moment. When all the world leaders were killed and I failed to use a barrier to protect them from the kamikaze-like explosion from the Volgrim infiltration forces, I regret that. Often times, it's not a lack of ability that defines how badly I perform, but a lack of time. Given time, with powers like mine, there really isn't anything that could get in my way.

But now I'm finding that even time isn't enough. Even mental function isn't enough. For once, it's a lack of good words that is hampering my progress.

The young woman in front of me is smiling cheerfully at me, though I feel anything but cheerful. This is hardly good news.

"...So because of that, we've managed to scan all over the place and we've figured out that they're actually attacking Earth from various dimensional rifts! They're like gates that connect to other universes, artificial ones to be sure, and they can make them appear anywhere at any time! But the best part is, soon we'll be able to reverse engineer these for our own benefit, and attack them on a second front!"

I cringed at her words but put up a brave smile. "I see. That's, uh, good news. You've done well, Karen. You and your team both."

Despite the lack of enthusiasm in my voice, Karen was still chirping happily as she nudged her wide glasses up her nose with her free hand. "I mean think of it! Soon, our troops won't have to stay spread out all over the world, we can concentrate on continually attacking them from within their hideouts! In fact, we might be able to solve all manner of dimensional problems with this! We could even create new dimensions for ourselves! This changes everything regarding multiverse theory!!" She was practically hopping up and down by this point.

But Karen just didn't understand what this _really_ meant. I already knew how the Volgrim were getting here. I already knew they were somehow involved with the Labyrinth and other dimensions. I've seen those other worlds she was speaking of. But worse yet, this was bringing us one step closer to the edge of Angels being discovered. While their help would certainly be helpful in the war, I couldn't imagine much worse than us going down the path to their extinction. If we discovered how to scan for new dimensions, it really was only a matter of time before we discovered that 'heaven' was not as magical of a place as once thought.

I lack the words. I can't just make everyone here 'forget' their work, they'd find it and start working on it again. Even if I successfully hid the evidence of different universes, another group of people would surely find the evidence instead, ones whose motives might not be so pure.

"Yes. Again, good job Karen." I smiled politely as she bobbled away to go chat with one of the researchers about her findings.

This was the worst possible scenario. Technology is truly fearsome. Once humans discover that angels and demons are _literally_ angels and demons, and not 'Volgrim Variants', what will happen?

Obviously, humans will love angels at first. But that would only be the beginning. Once they see a veritable army of angels, they will ask why divine intervention didn't save the lives of their families. Those who have no such misgivings might still begin to think that there was no need for prayer, since angels aren't mystic beings anymore. They would grow used to the presence of angels.

And that's only the first step. Once humans discover the presence of angels and demons, they will more carefully begin to research the old legends of their existence. Those old paintings by weird artists of the Renaissance would take on whole new meanings. It's very likely they may even discover the existence of spiritual energy, which would likely lead to not only anti-demon weaponry, but anti angelic weaponry... and possibly weaponry that could kill me.

The good news is, I've stored away a clone or two for just this purpose. If I am going to die, they will awaken and absorb my body and my memories. My suit should also be reinforced against such weapons, so it's likely they won't be able to hurt me, despite all of that.

And then... there's the matter of that Cryopod. I still remember the day I laid eyes upon a visage of myself, frozen in suspended animation. Why did my body appear at the instant I used my powers the first time? What exactly was going on there?

No point asking too many questions. The Cryopod is safely stored aboard the Mothership, where Harold keeps a constant eye on it.

Have I really changed anything yet? The only solid thing I know that has a mostly definitive date attached to it is the destruction of Earth, or Earth's ecosystem, or humanity as a whole, by the end of the 24th century. That is all.

I just don't know. I don't know anything.

My communicator lights up inside my HUD as a familiar face appears. "Judicator. I was wondering if you were available to speak for a moment."

"Supreme Admiral Beatrix. A pleasure to hear from you." My face doesn't show up in her visual feed, instead she sees my helmet front. "I heard you were on leave due to a family member's illness."

"It's fine, turns out it was a minor case of heart cancer. We treated it within a few weeks, thanks to those new nanobot cancer treatments for VIP's. It's the doctor's hope that soon mass production will eliminate all forms of cancer soon, not just for the wealthy or connected." Beatrix smiled as she glanced down and tapped some skin-layer buttons, special devices embedded right into her arm that projected holographic images upwards, or they could even tell the time, and do many other sorts of neat things by displaying images right on top of the skin.

Within a few moments, I received a file that she had uploaded to me over the Hypernet. "I need you to put your Hancock on a few of these, and also give some feedback to this plan I drafted regarding the Paris remodeling."

"For the international teleporter index? You know France's prime minister is skittish about teleporters, as are the people of Paris especially. I heard he came under scrutiny recently for his dealings with Finland's leaders and their nuclear arsenal. Just give it some time and he'll be out, and replaced with a new Prime Minister. Parisians aren't fond of how he treated the incident regarding when the Eiffel Tower was crushed anyways, so I can't see him being there much longer."

Beatrix nodded slowly. "Yes, but that could be a while before all the pieces fall into place. We have a war to win, and thousands of refugees are still in need of permanent housing there. If we can convince him to accept being added into the teleporter network, we can deliver relief supplies much more easily and quickly, not to mention improving Paris's economic outlook for tourists."

I nodded as I allowed my eye to be scanned to imprint my digital signature on the relevant papers. "Okay, that's a good point. I'll look it over. Anything else?"

Beatrix licked her lips slowly as her eyes gazed away for a few moments. "...Well, not exactly. I'm still not happy, you know. It's been a long twenty-six years. For a quarter of a century, we've fought these alien invaders, and we're moving further and further away from peace, towards total destruction of our race or theirs. While I'd prefer humanity win if one of those two outcomes had to occur, I can't say it fills me with joy to eradicate or enslave another species, especially an intelligent and sentient one."

I uncomfortably averted my eyes from hers, though she couldn't see them from behind my visor. "Well, there's not much we can do about that. They won't listen to reason. They attack me on sight. I have no way to bridge the gap."

Beatrix huffed slightly but seemed to resolutely accept it. "Haaah, no point arguing. It can't be helped, I guess. I just thought it might be worth a shot. Thank you for all your efforts, Judicator. I, of all people, understand the time you've had to sacrifice for the betterment of humanity. You're doing the best you can."

I nodded slowly, as my eyes glanced up and looked at hers through my visor's viewscreen. "Yeah... the best I can do. Thanks, Beatrix, for giving me a call. Here are the signed documents, as requested."

"No problem. Beatrix out." Her feed disappeared with a click a few moments later, as she received the files.

_Was she right?_ I left the office for the scientific division aboard the Johannesburg Moon Base and walked towards my private quarters. _Have I really done all that I possibly can do to attempt to secure peace?_

Can I really say that I have? I haven't tried simply using 'Peace', or 'Pacify', or any other such words. What if using those simply ended the conflict? What if they _didn't_? Even if they did, it would truly confirm that I posessed godlike powers. I've never once used my abilities to influence another person's mind against their will. It seems so wrong. It reminds me of the thought police. But, at the same time, if it saved millions, even billions of lives, would it not be worth trying? If you lose your free will though, can you truly be called sentient?

I don't know what to do. I just don't know. For now, I'll just prepare myself for the launching of our first Galactic Exploration Force. The name fills me with unease. I protested against it, but for some reason, people seemed hellbent on adopting it. "Britannian Galaxy Explorers discriminates against the countries not in our coalition, and this is a group of explorers from all over the planet! We'll use the more inclusive name that allows all to participate properly!"

But they don't understand why I warned them against using that name. And as for why they seemed to almost desperately prefer it? I can't understand it. I never failed them once, and now they doubt my judgement?

I can't see the future changing, especially for the better. I just can't.
