Part 025 - Monster

There was no statue monster behind me. Instead, there was an old man, standing up straight. The old man was at least 7 feet tall, a good head taller than me and significantly taller than Amelia. He was wearing a pure black suit with a pure black tie. It was hard to tell details apart, it all kind of blended together with the rest of his outfit.

What was terrifying, however, was his eyes. The man's eyes glowed a fiery red. "Beelzebub. You may refer to me as Beelzebub."

He's a goddamn demon? I started to pipe up but Hoarhiim instantly interrupted me. "Ah, Lord of Fire, great Beelzebub! So great to see you! Allow me to introduce this one, his name is the Child of Gaia."

That wasn't actually my name but at this point, I might as well just stick with it. Nobody cared about my original name, it was too boring and plain in a world of demons and monsters anyway.

"Yes, I know of this person. _We_ all do. You've caused quite the ruckus, child. Have anything to say for yourself?" His glowing red eyes betrayed no emotion. His voice was cold as ice, despite being the Lord of Fire.

"Ah, well, I did a bit of this, and that, and I just sort of... ended up here!" I said, nervously chattering my teeth as his cold unending gaze directed itself into my soul. "I kind of did some uh, stuff, and well I got a little bit of this and that, you know?"

"Hm. Yes. Gressil was the first one to note your arrival. You were weak and pathetic. And yet here you stand, with a legendary treasure worn as if it is but a trifle." Beelzebub glared at the crown on my head. "It disgusts me that a mere... human... would wear such a powerful artifact as Solomon's Crown, but once you've put it on, it cannot be removed by anyone other than you, except in death."

He really didn't seem to like me. I feel like my existence was an affront to his very nature. Also, that name, Gressil...

"Gressil? Is that... that couldn't be the statue I witnessed when I first entered, could it?" I don't know why I was asking a question at a time like this. I shouldn't make this demon mad. I knew that in my heart.

"Yes... Gressil is the... statue, you first saw." Beelzebub tucked up the corner of his mouth, almost in a smile. "Be glad that it was me you found. Do not seek out Gressil if you value your life. You can only ever see him once. If you see him again, you are cursed to die."

I gulped audibly. I nearly committed a grave mistake coming here.

"Heyyyy Beelzebub! How are you~♪!" Amelia leaned forwards and waved energetically at him. That girl was afraid of nothing. Who was she anyway? "Long time no see! How is the missus?!"

Beelzebub visibly cringed. I couldn't tell if it was because of the question or if it was just that Beelzebub hated Amelia. "Ah... Lady Amelia, Lord of Flies. Always a... pleasure to see you." This was clearly not a pleasure for him. There's no way she'll fall for it.

"Aww, thank you! You're always so sweet to me!" She fell for it.

"Lord Beelzebub, why have you come here?" Hoarhiim had not yet joined the conversation but now he felt he had something worth asking.

"To deliver a warning. _She_ is looking for you. I find that this child will provide some amusement and if the child dies too soon, it will be boring once again."

Hoarhiim nodded slowly. "You Lords are always trying to either rise to the position of King or fight amongst each other."

Beelzebub shifted his position and adjusted his tie. "You're one to speak. You and Hoarhiim sealed yourselves inside those accursed orbs to condense your power and play games with adventurers. Now you can't even walk normally among the land of the living."

"It was a smart choice." Blaarjiim chimed in. "Our power is magnified a hundred-fold. We now far outclass even you."

"Yes, but you can only use your power through a vessel, and you have no ability to control said vessel. Not even the brains to make them mind controlled. So stupid." Beelzebub sneered.

"Hey! Don't call my lover stupid! YOU'RE STUPID! Bleeehhh!" Amelia stuck her tongue out at him. Is she really trying to pick a fight with a demon?

"Well, I've done my duty. You stand corrected and now know to tread lightly. Don't die too quickly or my fun will end." Beelzebub gave a small bow. He had totally ignored Amelia.

It felt odd, having a demon with fiery eyes bow to me. I bowed awkwardly too, and Amelia curtsied. "Have a great day, Beelzebub!" she shouted cheerfully, apparently already over his insult towards Hoarhiim and Blaarjiim.

What happened next made me doubt reality. One second, Beelzebub was there, and the next instant, he was gone. He just popped out of existence. No chanting of a spell, no movement of his hands, he simply instantly teleported, and didn't even leave behind a trail of smoke or anything else.

And then I heard something. The sound of feet. _Lots of feet._