Part 193

I stare at the bolt at my feet. This was my doing. Humans killed the lizardmen. Why? Why did they kill my friends? Why did I not tell them to spare the lizardmen?

And also... how? How did humans arrive here? How did they manage to enter the lizard HQ? Was there a traitor? Did the humans find a regular-sized passageway that led inside?

Why did the two groups battle each other? Was there a misunderstanding? Did one or the other start the fight? I can't imagine the lizards instigating the fight. They didn't attack me, and 'Marie' is supposed to be a human friend of theirs.

I have little doubt, the humans must have started this. I just don't know _why_ they did it.

As I stared down at the boomstick bolt, a voice from the other side of the room suddenly startled me, turning my blood to ice for a second. "Enjoying the view?"

I whip my head up and am astonished to see a human woman standing in the corner, amidst the bodies. I didn't even sense her, how did she-?!

"Who are you?!" I yell at her, deciding to try the direct approach, as I tend to do in situations like these.

"Can't you guess? I'm Marie. You killed my children." The woman looks to be about 60 years old, but she has long red hair, and her face seems to have aged fairly well, all things considered. She wears a... kimono? A white kimono. Why a kimono of all things? I ignore the thought.

"Marie? I found you this easily?" I spoke my thoughts aloud, feeling a tinge of regret at my brazen words.

She sneered slightly. "Fantastic, glad you found what you're looking for. And what about my children, hm?" She beckoned to the corpses at my feet. "Are you going to take responsibility?"

I found myself staring again at the bodies. "Did... any survive?"

She sneers again, this time far more pronounced. " _Of course_ they did, imbecile. I wouldn't let my precious babies be slaughtered so easily. But many did not escape. Luckily, my strongest ones did, they will bring the race back from the verge of _extinction_."

She calmly walked over to me, and I could feel my nerves on edge as I gazed up at the woman towering over my shrunken form. I still could not sense her presence at all. If I was limited to only my spatial vision, I'd never be able to see her.

"I... came here to try and find you. I never expected... this." I swept my gaze over the piles of bodies around me and back up to her.

"Cheh, again, great job. You never think anything through, do you? Just give some big fancy toys to the humans, expect them to deal with problems on their own. I'll bet you don't even know the reason this place actually exists, do you?" She beckoned all around herself, apparently indicating the entire labyrinth itself.

I shook my head in shame. "No... I don't know anything, to be honest."

She rolled her eyes. "Humans lost the war, and frankly I think we deserved to lose. The demons were a far more gracious host and ruler. Unlike the angels, they didn't pit us against one another, even the truce was a fair compromise."

I paused. "The truce? How do you know all of this?"

Marie sighed quietly. "Child... I don't know how old you think I am, but I am most definitely older than you could possibly imagine. I'm the oldest human who has ever lived. I'm timeless, compared to those you know about."

Hmm? That can't be right. "You were one of the cryopod occupants though, right? One of the ten?"

She raised an eyebrow at me. "One of the _ten_? How little you know."

"There's more than ten cryopods?!" I almost let out a gasp as I take a step back.

"Of course there are. You apparently were one of the original cryopod candidates. Cryotek put thousands of people in pods, shipping them to various places. However, I think you're mistaking me for someone... _ordinary_. I was not _placed in_ a cryopod, I _put myself_ in one."

She shrugged. "Voluntarily, at the end of the war. All part of the truce. To be honest, I don't know why I'm even telling you this. If you come with me though, all your questions will be answered."

I still had many questions, especially about the humans that had attacked and killed the lizardmen... but those questions could wait. It's time I learned the truth about this place.

"Lead the way." Looking down at my body, I cast a spell again. " _Grow_."

Once I was back to my normal height, the old woman didn't look so big anymore. "Oh my, that ability of yours is really quite convenient, hmm? You're quite the looker too, young man. Come along now."

We walked past the bodies towards a room in the distance.

It's time for answers.