Part 404b - The Slammer

Marie lights her 'siguhret' on fire and breathes it in. She told me it makes her feel good, though I think it smells stinky. I don't understand why something so smelly would be enjoyable, but I don't know a lot of other things. It's better I don't ask.

Marie looks at her wrist gadget. "He's almost here. Just another minute or so."

Master is coming! I knew he couldn't just leave me behind! I mean, I was a little worried that he had sent me off with the mean man to punish me, but it turns out he just wanted me to stay with Marie for a while.

Marie is very kind. Master can be vicious, but he has a tender side he won't admit to. Marie, however, is always smiling at me, and she gives me the tasty rectangle bars. I do prefer peat-zuh, but the bars have a nice sweet taste to them. Marie says that's because they have 'shuh-ger' I don't know what shuh-ger is, but maybe Master could get some for me.

Marie doesn't say anything to me for a while, but finally, she mumbles something out loud, all while staring at the building wall-lifter thing. "I wonder if Jason is trustworthy."

I nod along, but I don't think she is asking me a question.

"I'm going to regret this, aren't I?"

She's hardly finished speaking, when Master appears abruptly, his figure visible behind the see-through doors on the wall-lifter. The doors hiss open, and he steps out, that same handsome expressionless look on his face.

I want to say something, but I yawn instead and stretch my arms out. Marie didn't let me get a wink of sleep last night. She just sat there, educating me about a bunch of dull things concerning angels, humans, and aliens. I just wanted to sleep, but she wouldn't let me!

"Did you two even sleep last night?"

Master seems to read my mind, which makes me blush a little bit. It's a tad embarrassing that he can tell I'm tired, but he must realize it's because we were working all night. I think he'll like that.

He pulls me closer to him, and the three of us walk down the hallways to wherever it is he's going, and Marie chats with him about this and that. I don't understand most of it. Several times, men and women will be walking down the hall and pass by us, and each time they will raise their right hands up to their foreheads and pause until Master does the same. I wonder why they do that? It looks like a sign of respect, but the demons never did that to him. Perhaps Master is a very powerful person, after all?

I mean, he can turn invisible and pop away into different places, plus he made me stronger just by talking, so he has magic just like demons do. That's what I would call powerful, right?

But the people around here in the human world don't look at him like that. He has a different kind of power, like how other demons respect Yama. Master is significant here; he is a figure of authority. I just didn't know that when I met him in the labyrinth.

As Master speaks with Marie, I pull up a little closer to him until our bodies touch. He doesn't notice and seems to be mostly ignoring me, but he does have his arm over my shoulder. Somewhere, deep down, I have this weird feeling, like he has met another woman. It's just a thought, and probably doesn't mean anything. Even if he did, I wouldn't mind. He can have two slaves, or ten, or a hundred. I just don't want him to forget me!

Minutes pass and we arrive at a big sliding door. Master pulls away and looks at me before walking inside. "Stay outside, just stand here at the door. We'll be out soon."

Marie laughs lightly. "These meetings can take up to five hours. Don't force the girl to stand the whole time."

"She can handle it."

He doesn't wave goodbye or anything, and both of them walk inside, leaving me all by myself. I yawn and lean against the wall beside the door. Five hours? Jeez. I'm so tired. I wanna sleep a little bit but I can't let Master down. He's depending on me to stand here, so that's what I'll do!

Another yawn and I blink my eyes a little slower before smacking my face. No! Bad Lora! I have to keep awake.

**Why do you stay awake? Why not sleep?**

A voice? I hear a voice in my head. Who is it?

I stand up a little straighter and look around. Nobody is around. I'm all alone beside this door... so who?

**I can sense your confusion. I have seen you on many occasions, but you and I have never spoken. I am the servant of darkness, Blaarjiim.**

_You sound like a bad man._

I can't speak, but I talk back to him in my head. _How can I hear you?_

**The one named Jason has me in his possession. It's something of a secret, so keep your mouth shut. Ah, wait, that's right... you cannot speak.**

_I want to... I just can't do it._

I fidget a little, and his voice continues. **I have the ability to sense the desires, emotions, and feelings of those born into darkness. Jason holds an intense need to have power over his actions. He does not wish to be controlled by others. But what about you, young girl? I sense much fear in your heart, and only one wish...**

_You mean, what I want out of life?_

**Yes. Precisely. You wish for acceptance from Jason, but he rebukes you at every other turn. Such a shame, isn't it? Personally, I think you're too evil for even him.**

_Evil? You think I'm evil?_

**Oh yes, quite so. You were born in the darkness, formed by it. You pretend to smile and show compassion, but it is a falsehood. All it would take is a little push, and you could put your 'master' to shame. The events that led to your birth were created over untold eons, and you have yet to fully comprehend their scope.**

_I don't understand. You say a lot of weird things._

**Don't you remember? Of course not. Jason erased your memories of the one he killed. He must see the same thing in you as I, or else he is blind. The way you killed a man with your bare hands, you tapped into a rage that you have always been forced to pretend doesn't exist. After all, no matter how angry you may have been at the death of your mother, you could never fight against a demon. You had to do as they said, no matter how vile the thought. That was your life.**

I nod slowly and slump against the wall a little. _I suppose... but I didn't mean to kill Danis! I just...._

**Snapped? Why wouldn't you? It was understandable. I am merely praising you for taking the initiative. My only hope is that your abilities are not wasted as a puppet in service to one with a weaker will. I believe there are truths about your life that you should seek to uncover. Only once you have reached your potential will you be able to make a final decision toward the one you call Master.**

_A final decision? Like what?_

There's a long pause as a sinister face appears in my mind, smiling the whole time. **Who knows? I cannot predict the future. Give me something amusing to watch, and we will see how everything unfolds.**

I stagger back slightly as I feel his presence leave.

_Amusing_? He has to be toying with me. I don't trust him. I may have killed Danis, but I had to do it. He killed Melia and Sadie, and he tortured them the whole time. They couldn't fight back, so I had to be their tool for revenge.

But what did Blaarjiim mean when he said there were truths about my life I didn't know? Was he just babbling?

I feel a chill that makes me look around, but there's nobody else here.

I rub my arms and lean back against the wall, wondering to myself where Blaarjiim went. A man that can speak directly into your mind without you seeing him is... a little unsettling.

A minute later, I jump in surprise as the door hisses open. I didn't think the meeting would be over so soon! I quickly turn to face whoever's leaving the room, only for a shudder to go down my body. The man stepping out is someone I didn't ever want to see again.

_Danis._

"Eep!" A small squeak slips out my mouth as he starts to walk past me. Is he going to attack? Is he trying to hurt me?!

_Get away!_ I shove him away reflexively and flinch, and a second later a tremendous crash sounds throughout the room. I suddenly realize what I've done and look up to see his body smashed against the wall opposite me. Every bone is broken in different directions, and his arms and legs are facing different directions than they should be, with his head falling forward at an awkward angle.

Just then, Master appears in the doorway, out of breath, his eyes darting to me and then to the body against the wall. My eyes plead with him, but he once again seems to read my mind.

"You may not have meant to do this, but you did. I'll try and clean your mess up. You just behave yourself for a bit."

Marie shows up beside him and curls her lip up in disgust. "Stupid girl. We'll have to take care of this later."

Oh no... oh no... I screwed up big time. This is really bad!

The sound of boots down the hallway makes me turn my head back just in time to see a bunch of people running towards me, all of them in white suits with helmets like I saw Master fight in the Labyrinth before. They aim their guns at me. "Halt! You're under arrest!"

I start to pull back in fear, but a stinging in my side makes me decide not to. Master pokes me in the ribs."Don't resist. Let them take you away. We'll deal with this ourselves. You need to reflect on this failure."

His words make me feel horrible all of a sudden. I didn't... I didn't mean for this to happen... oh god... It was an accident!

Slowly I walk to the men in the white armor and bow my head. They jump at me and shove me against a wall, wrenching my arms behind my back painfully. Even my strength would have a hard time going up against their suits.

One on them wraps something around my neck, and suddenly my body feels heavy. I turn to look at Master, but he's already turning away, shaking his head. He's... angry at me.

I'm barely given time to understand what's going on. The men shove me away and I feel even more tired than I did before. The back of my neck stings, as if someone keeps poking it with a knife.

We walk in silence, two on each side, while the persons closest on my right and left grab my arms, guiding me along. Their grip is intense and I want to tell them to let go, but I can't make the words come out. This pain is nothing, however... Master would be even more ashamed of me if he learned later that I cried.

It takes a long time, but the men in armor drag me here and there, pausing at various stations and wall-lifters to take me through different buildings. Soon I don't even know where I am anymore. Everything is unfamiliar, and I start feeling a little scared. How far are they going to take me? What if they send me back to Yama? Will Master come for me?

We stop at a big place with lots of flying ships, just like the station where Master and I first arrived when we got to Earth. This one is different from where we arrived before, and it has a lot of mean looking men, all of them wearing neck-things just like me.

"Put these prisoners in Holding. We'll get to them when the courts are ready in the morning!" A man in a fancy suit yells out to someone else, and then I'm forced to follow along in between all the other people with the neck-things.

It doesn't take long before I understand what's going on. They're loading me onto a flying ship, and all of these prisoners are being sent to 'Holding'. I don't know what Holding is, but it sounds like a scary place.

...

Hours pass, and the ship arrives at its destination. I kept falling asleep several times on the way, but the thought of all these people watching me kept waking me up and making me feel nervous. I watch through the ship window as a whole new planet appears outside. We went somewhere far, far from Master. He won't be able to find me here. I'm... I'm never going to see him again, am I?

It was all my fault. I killed Danis again, a second time. I brought shame on Master. He will probably want to beat me if he sees me again, just like Yama and the other demons did whenever I messed up. Other girls even got killed if they did a bad enough job.

I didn't want to be bad, it just happened. What do I do now? I'm all on my own.

The ship flies for another half hour, but soon we've landed, and I eventually end up just outside a room with big metal bars that go down from the ceiling in rows. The two guards at this place sneer when they look at me. Both of them look like vicious men.

"So you killed Admiral Danis, eh? He put a lot of people in this place, you know. I'm sure you'll have lots of friends here. You'll fit right in, _killer_."

They both smile at me, but their expressions are false, as if they can't wait to see bad things happen to me. "You gonna say anything, stupid? Or are you deaf?"

I shake my head, but they both just laugh. "Look at her! She's scared stiff! Can't even talk." He jerks a hand forward, and I pull back out of fear, but I realize he's only taking the painful neck-thing off. Once he does, he pushes me into the little room with the bars. He slams the gate shut and presses a button on a gadget on his wrist. There's a clicking sound and the door secures itself. "You're a cutie. Just so you know, if they sentence you to hard time, and _they will_ since you're a murderer, you'll go to prison. You know what prison is, right?"

I shake my head slowly and pull back from them.

"You don't? It was supposed to be a rhetorical question. Well, you'll find out. Oh, and prison is dual-gender. They say you killed Danis by pulverizing him against a wall. I hope that's enough to protect you."

The men share a knowing nod with each other. "You're gonna rot, bitch! Admiral Danis was a friend of the prison wardens here on Tarus. You ain't getting off easy!"

Both of them turn and walk away at the same time, leaving me to sit by myself, until soon I can't hear them anymore.

I feel my strength returning though. I could get out of here... if I had to. Should I? Master said to behave, so does that mean he's coming to get me? But I'm so far away! How can he possibly find me on a whole new planet?! He told me about the 'galacksee' once. It sounds enormous... way too big for me to see him again.

I don't know... I'll have to do something, but for now, I'm exhausted.

There's a bed in the room. I'll take a nap, and maybe when I wake up, I'll know what to do.