Part 359a

Sarah clutched the wheel tightly as she drove her mom to church. The buildings outside blurred together, as did the people walking on the streets. "I don't get why I can't just use autopilot, mom. It's way easier."

Amy chuckled to herself as she flipped through another page in the book she was reading. "I remember asking my mom why I had to bother driving a clutch when every car was becoming automatic. She told me it was just in case zombies attacked. What if the only car I could find was a clutch and I didn't know how to operate it? The zombies would get me."

Sarah stared out the window silently for a few moments before responding. "That's stupid."

"Yeah. It's smart though too. I mean, if a nuclear bomb went off and electronic cars were rendered inert, manual cars might still work, especially older ones. Lots of situations might render an automatic unusable."

"I guess." Sarah didn't seem very convinced. "But I could be looking at my notes right now or something. Instead I have to waste my time driving. You know it's statistically more dangerous for a human to drive a car than a robot, right? Robots have a 99.9.% perfect driving record. Most of the automated driver crashes were due to human error."

"I'm aware. Keep your eyes on the road please." Amy gently chided her daughter as she flipped to the next page. "Sounds to me like you've got something bigger on your mind though. Nervous about the sermon?"

"Am I ever." The mere mention of it made Sarah's pupils dilate. "I'm not ready. I don't know why they said I can do it."

"Well, we're trying to move away from our... radical roots. The demons are being eradicated, the economy is all but replaced with replicators, and humanity is on a new path forwards. I hear the church is looking into a name rebranding, even." Amy finally set the book down, placing a bookmark in in as she crossed her arms. "That's not why you're nervous though, is it?"

Sarah's eye twitched slightly. "What if he was right? Father Clarence hasn't been seen in years, but many people still cling to his final warning. They still do as he said to do. They're divided."

"Do you think he was right?" Amy pursed her lips as she stared at her daughter's indecisive face. "He was murdered, after all. His story seems as likely as the claim by Raphael that Clarence was working with the demons."

"Clarence warned us that the angels were demon collaborators. How am I supposed to know who's telling the truth? Worse, it might not matter. If I go out and try to change the rhetoric of the church, what if those who believe in Clarence get violent? History has shown what will happen."

Sarah bit her lip and glanced down for a moment as she seemed to fight back tears. "I don't know if I'm doing the right thing, mom. Maybe I should just turn the offer down. Sister Margaret picked the wrong person."

"You stop that." Amy's face shifted into a scowl. "You have a beautiful face, and the voice of an angel. People have been cheering you on in the choir for years now. If anyone can rebrand the church into something less... radical... I think you can. People are more receptive to words that fight an image in their head, if delivered from a pretty girl."

"Unless they think I'm immature and don't know what I'm talking about." Sarah gnashed her teeth together as she pulled into the parking lot. "I'm only 18. I hardly know my head from my feet, in the eyes of many."

"The fact you know your own failings shows you're much more mature than most your age. Have some faith in yourself, sweetheart. I believe in you!" Amy leaned over and pecked her daughter on the cheek as they shifted into a parking spot. "You'll do great."

"I've got a bad feeling about this." Sarah ignored her mother's words of encouragement as the two of them stepped out of the car. "I need to go get prepped, mom. I'll see you in forty-five minutes."

"Give 'em heaven, girl." Amy smiled at her silly pun and her daughter merely groaned.

...................................................

"Uh..." Sarah blinked in surprise. Two angels stood in her dressing room, the one that Father Clarence had previously used. She recognized one of them as Raphael, but she wasn't sure who the other one was. "H-hi?"

"You must be Sarah!" Raphael smiled at her pleasantly as he noticed her enter the room, and he turned to walk over to her, leaning heavily on his staff. "I am the archangel Raphael, and this is my compatriot, Archangel Gabriel." He waved his hand in the general direction of Gabriel, who nodded in response.

"Wow... two archangels. I... wasn't prepared for this." Sarah smiled nervously as she started to bow, then halted as she wasn't sure if it was proper to bow or shake their hands... _Maybe a fist-bump?_ She immediately discarded that idiotic thought, though she wasn't certain of how to proceed.

"No need to be so formal, young lady. We're merely here to visit the official new preacher for the Church of Retribution. The guest speakers have been fine for the last few years, but we hear you come highly recommended!" The old angel's grandfatherly smile made Sarah feel somewhat less anxious.

"Thank you- thank you very much. I- ah, a correction though. We are renaming the church. We'll soon be the Church of Divinity. The old name- I beg your pardon... it was just a little bit too antagonistic."

Raphael's smile seemed to fade slightly as he glanced over at Gabriel. The bigger angel nodded without smiling. "Yes, I've been reading your speech today. It's.... interesting." He held a datapad in his hands and flicked his finger across it carefully. Most angels would be uncomfortable with technology, but he was able to understand how to use it at a very basic level. "You're going to state that the war with the demons is all but over, it seems."

Sarah swallowed as she watched the archangel emotionlessly read the script she was going to deliver in just over half an hour. "I mean... there are still a hundred million left, but they're all in North America. The Supreme Commander should wipe them out soon."

"Doubtful." Gabriel was wholly unconvinced. "The demons have come back from the brink of total annihilation once already, even going so far as to dwarf their previous numbers... to say nothing of monsters such as the undead."

Raphael coughed into his hand before smiling again. "What my brother Gabriel is trying to say, young child... perhaps the whole renaming thing might be moving too hastily, you see?"

"Oh... Sister Margaret wrote the speech. I'm not... not the one who... um..." Sarah spoke slowly, but wasn't sure how to respond.

"Now now, we're not here for any specific reason, child. We just wanted to meet the girl- pardon me, the woman who would be replacing Clarence after these last few years. In fact, we're very interested to see where you'll take the church. It seems ever since his death, prayers to the gods have gone down quite dramatically." Gabriel's voice seemed more lively, yet his expression was still stiff.

Sarah stared at him carefully for a few moments. Had he not been told yet? "Father Clarence... he's an angel, you know."

Gabriel seemed to misunderstand. "I don't follow. Do you feel a particular affinity towards him?"

"No no, I mean... he's literally an angel. Three years ago, he came before the church and proclaimed..." Sarah halted, unsure if she should say this.

The moment she clammed up, Gabriel shot a look at Raphael. "He came before the church? How is that possible. Was he..."

Raphael finished the sentence. "He must have been passed through the resurrection obelisk. We did an exhaustive search of Heaven following his death... but..."

"Could he have slipped out?" Gabriel and Raphael quickly debated the topic, leaving Sarah staring at them awkwardly. "How could he have gotten past the Cherubs? This doesn't add up. He was a straightforward thinker."

"Um, I don't mean to interrupt but..." Sarah slowly raised her hand and the angels glanced at her expectantly. "...There was a woman. A female angel... he said she was the mother of Jesus Christ, her name was Saint Marie. He told everyone a lot of weird things and... um... yeah."

Both angels chewed on their thoughts for a moment as they looked from Sarah back at each other and back to Sarah again, seeming to put pieces into place. "Saint Marie. Can't say I've heard of her." Gabriel was clearly confused and didn't seem able to quite figure out the solution to the puzzle before him.

"This female angel... can you describe her for me, child?" Raphael smiled tightly as he saw an opportunity to answer the questions on his mind.

"Uh, she was wearing all white, had long red hair... she was very beautiful... I don't have much to go on."

"No angel that I know of has red hair." Gabriel spoke and pointed at his head while also nodding towards Raphael. "Only humans revived as angels have colored hair. If she truly was the mother of Jesus, my memory serves that the human woman we used for that little story had black hair."

"Indeed. Not only that, but the woman named Mary wasn't revived as an angel." Raphael suddenly smiled as he seemed to figure something out. "Whoever that woman was, she was a fraud. Sarah, what did Clarence say exactly?"

Sarah glanced at the clock on the wall as she quickly began to recount as best she could what Clarence had told the humans present on that day.

Gabriel's neutral expression shifted as she spoke, and within a couple moments, he was visibly agitated. "That slimy little... he lied! He stole-"

Raphael quickly raised a hand to silence him, lest he allow something to slip. "You've done well to tell us of this, my child. Continue on with the speech as planned. We will be taking our leave now as we must look for the two apostates. Know this though; what you have done is righteous. I see now that your heart is pure and you are an ally of God. Your reward in Heaven will be great."

"Thank you, Archangel Raphael." Sarah smiled brightly as the two angels praised her. "J-just doing my duty!"

"Nay, this is above and beyond the call of duty. You are a very special girl." Raphael nodded at her before turning to his fellow angel. "Come now, we must give word to Zeus."

The two of them walked a few steps away, waved politely, and vanished a moment later, leaving Sarah alone to her thoughts.

She stared quizzically at the spot they had just been standing in.

_Zeus?_

...................................................

Clarence took a step back, clutching his chest. "Ah... something feels different."

Marie was sitting at a bench nearby fiddling with a gadget. Seeing his distress, she cocked an eyebrow. "Need an aspirin?"

"I'm not joking, Marie. I feel like a hose that just had the water circulation cut off." He eased down into a chair and breathed heavily for a few moments. "I don't know how to describe this feeling, other than-" He was interrupted by a beeping sound. Marie quickly turned to glance at a small datapad sitting next to her wing.

"Oh. Would you look at that... the idiots finally put two and two together." She turned to face him slowly. "You've just been cut off. The angels have realized you're still alive, and connected to their prayer allocation system. I figured they might eventually realize... but three years? They've become so slothful."

A moment of panic came and went across Clarence's face. "They've cut me off? What am I going to do now?!"

"Calm yourself, simpleton. We still have plenty of thought energy flowing in from the humans on Earth. The question is... for how long? What changed? Why have the angels caught on?"

Clarence took a deep breath as he sat down in one of the nearby chairs. This was one of the last places remaining in the labyrinth that hadn't been destroyed by Jason Hiro, Earth's Supreme Commander. This small enclave was never visited by any demons, and few knew of its existence at all. Even Satan was not in the know.

"I haven't been paying a lot of attention to Earth's affairs. I know it's going just swell for them, but otherwise that's all I know." Clarence stared vacantly at the wall as he tapped a finger repetitively on his knee.

"I have a few spy drones flitting about here and there. Satan's up to his cute little tricks, as usual. As for the one I have examining the church... look at this." Marie tapped a prompt on her pad and the entire wall lit up and converted into a viewscreen as a young woman, somewhere between the age of 16-20, gave a speech to a crowd of churchgoers. Around 250,000 must have been in audience, as the stadium was tightly packed and the drone periodically panned around to make sure it wasn't being observed. Given it was the size of a dragonfly, that was unlikely.

Clarence tilted his head up and watched with fascination as the girl gave a long speech about how the church must unify and mend old relationships, giving up its violent dialogue with a more loving and caring one. Instead of focusing on the war with the demons, she asked the churchgoers to focus on treating one another with respect, and looking towards improving London and the rest of humanity's defenses for all humans to live in. At one point, she even asked for true unity with the angels, allowing them to live among humans as friends and allies.

"Heh heh... even if the people wanted that, the government would never allow it. Letting the angels live among humans, I mean. It's not going to happen." Clarence leaned back and smiled smugly. "The government knows the angels are parasites. Once the demons are gone, they'll probably try to eliminate the angels next."

"I'm not so sure." Marie countered immediately. "Jason Hiro _is_ the government right now. He's close friends with many angels. He may doubtless know of how they work, but look at it this way... the angels need humans to survive, so they can never truly attack humanity. Further, humans lose nothing by praying to the angels. It's not like they can use that energy anyways. Might as well give the energy freely to a potential ally, rather than keep it to yourself for no reason. I believe Jason desires an alliance with the angels... unless he's an idiot."

She paused for a moment to contemplate that last thought. "Scratch that, he's a total idiot. I can't predict what he'll do if the time comes and he has to make a split-second decision."

"Sounds like you know him personally." Clarence glanced back at the screen as the girl was finishing her speech and waving to all the churchgoers. "Never met the man myself."

"I have. He's nothing special. Like Satan, he's a fool given unlimited power. If I had a fraction of that myself..." Marie groaned regretfully. "It's always the ignoramuses that get the magical powers. What a shame."

Clarence smiled at her pleasantly. "But you and I have plenty of angelic power. You're gaining more every day, too."

"It's not the same thing. My power is not only finite, it's very exhaustible. If I actually were to use my power, I would drain my reserves, and more rapidly if I tried to do something especially flashy. For now, this power is just a means towards living forever... if I'm lucky." She seemed bitter, so Clarence decided not to press the issue.

"What now?"

His question was simple, but the answer was not. "I don't know, Clarence. For now, let's keep an eye on this girl. She seems to be the new preacher for the Church. Her words may have an effect on those giving their energy to us... you might even be forced to make an appearance if all goes poorly."

"Poorly? How so?"

Marie sighed as he shot another question at her. "If people stop praying to us, we will truly be on the path to danger, Clarence. We'll die. We have to keep them praying at all costs. I don't have any alternatives yet."

Clarence nodded as the drone buzzed away, flying to its next location. "We'll deal with that when it comes."

"Indeed we will."