Part 034: The Test Part 2

I felt numb. All these poor unfortunate souls had challenged Bahamut... and lost. The gravity of the situation was sinking in on me.

However, something else bothered me too. She had said that her three rings belonged to Pharaohs. Egyptian Pharaohs? Like, from Earth? Then, was this actually, somehow, Earth a hundred million years in the future? Was this a different dimension? Was this place a literal hell for me as I had died inside my cryopod? What did it all mean?

Amelia had stars in her eyes. I remembered that back in the El Dorado room, she had strongly eyeballed all the treasure there. It would seem that she likes shiny things. Her eyes were glued to the rings on Bahamut's hand.

" _For the first test..._ " Bahamut pointed at me. " _You must answer a riddle. This riddle has never been answered. Not throughout all of human or demonic history. Failure to answer correctly will result in instant death._ "

I blinked. A riddle? "Are my companions allowed to help me?"

Bahamut nodded. " _Yes, they may speak freely. Nothing they say will be considered an answer. However, you may not speak once I have asked the question. If you do, anything you say will be considered the answer. Do not speak unless you have an answer in mind._ "

I nodded vigorously. This was intense. My life rode on the answer to this riddle. And then I had two more terrifying tests to undertake after this one. Looking out over the river of monsters, it really hit me in the chest. Millions have tried to pass these tests, and none have even gotten past the first riddle. That means this riddle is so complex that it may be unguessable.

Bahamut reached inside her cloak she had wrapped around her body, and pulled out an hourglass filled with sand. " _You will have from the moment I finish speaking the riddle, to the moment this sand runs out, 5 minutes in total, to give your answer. If you do not start speaking your answer before the sand runs out, you and your companion's lives will be forfeit. Do you understand?_ "

I glanced over at Amelia. Her starry eyes were gone, and she seemed to be trembling in fear. It must have sunk into her mind the gravity of this situation. This was no simple riddle, if we failed, we would be enslaved monsters forever.

I nodded slowly. "Yes, great Bahamut. I understand the conditions for this test."

Bahamut nodded back. " _Good. Then we will begin._ "

Bahamut cleared her throat with a great thunderous crash, though it hardly seemed needed, given she was communicating telepathically.

Then I realized, she was not going to speak telepathically.

**"What walks on four legs in the morning, two legs in the afternoon, three legs in the evening, and no legs at night?"**
