Part 189 - Deus Ex

_April, 1776._

The well dressed man tapped his cigar on the edge of the podium, as he adjusted his suit and tie while staring at the small crowd.

"Demons are real."

A few in the front row leaned forwards as they furrowed their brows. "Demons, huh? You expect us to believe that load of kookery?" One of the men was clearly unimpressed by the revelation. "I thought you brought us here to talk about important things, Johann."

"This _is_ important, Mr. Ferdinand. This explains everything. All the mysteries, all the problems that plague society. Demons are real, and I aim to prove it." Johann stared intently at the man in the audience as he spoke.

Ferdinand rolled his eyes. "Yes, of course. Demons, then angels and gods and everything else! Do you expect us to believe this tomfoolery?"

Johann nodded quietly. "Yes... I do expect you to. You have to understand, mankind is being controlled. We're being run by a great evil. If we can find proof of the demons and their existence, we will find the one who rules us."

Johann closed his eyes for a moment before speaking again. "On my honor, as Johann Adam Weishaupt, I swear to you, everything I'm about to say today is true. None of this is lies, or fiction. All of it is backed by ancient manuscripts from thousands of years ago. I have actual writings from those who followed the first saints, from those who spoke of meeting angels and demons, and I have personally spoken to rulers of the world living today. They all point to one thing: Humanity is just a pawn in a grand game, a game that will end with only one of the three species being the victor in the greatest war of our time."

Ferdinand listened silently, but another man in the audience scoffed. "War? The only major wars I know of are those Brits and their damned colonies, having a little spat over who gets to control the bloody land! There are a couple other wars in Austria, Prussia, and a few others, but those are all relatively minor! You're out of your mind!" The man stood up in a huff and stomped out of the room, flailing his hands around as he slammed the door shut behind himself.

Johann cleared his throat. "That was pleasant. However, Simon was wrong. We have a much bigger war to worry about. Humanity is being played for fools by those up on high, and those below us. We're treated as nothing more than tools in a grand game of chess. We're being _used_ as bait by the angels, and slaughtered quietly by the demons. We're made to fight amongst each other in great religious wars, then used as tools of war when we die. Our lives have no meaning beyond fueling the bloodthirstiness of the two supreme powers."

Ferdinand snickered. "Well, if gods and devils are real, then what hope does man have? How could we be anything but mere pigs to the slaughter?"

The man at the podium had an expression of annoyance cross his face. "If you'd pipe down, I'd be happy to tell you. The solution is so simple, yet it will be so difficult to carry out, that it will make your ears bleed when you hear it. All we have to do is make people stop following all religion, and that will take care of the angels, then we use our superior weaponry to destroy the demons, and then we rule the world. Easy!"

Ferdinand stared evenly at Johann. "That doesn't sound simple. At all. What makes you think the demons will be so easy to kill?"

Johann stepped down from the podium as the small crowd watched in silence. He walked up to just a few feet away from Ferdinand. "One of the documents I recovered detailed the Crusades. They were not about what history has said they were about. All of it was a farce. We drove out the demons from Europe and cleansed the country of their filth. However, in truth, the crusaders were led by a very special individual."

"Who might that be?" Ferdinand stared into Johann's eyes. "Go on, I'm listening."

Johann paused. "I don't know her name, to be honest. But what I do know is the crusaders were secretly led by a woman, and she was a person gifted with a power from heaven known as the Hero's Soul."

Ferdinand snorted. "A woman? Back in those days? Be realistic, if you're going to tell a tall tale, at least try to actually convince me of its truth."

The other man felt a wave of annoyance pass over him. "We're talking about demons, angels, and gods, yet you think the most surprising thing here is that it was a woman who led the crusades? For the love of- get your head on straight!" Johann took a long puff off his cigar, which he had neglected for the last few minutes. It glowed red hot as he inhaled and then exhaled. "The most important thing here is the power of the Hero. I believe we can harness it. It can be our ultimate weapon in this great war. We simply have to find a candidate who would receive it."

Another man nearby, Dukakis was his name, spoke out. "What is this Hero Soul you're going on about? What does it do?"

Johann sniffled. _Finally, someone with an open mind._ "The hero's soul is something that transfers the moment a hero dies, it reincarnates in the body of another. I don't know the exact details, but I've learned of it through various... contacts. If we can snatch it for ourselves, it will give us not just power to kill demons, angels, and gods, but power to influence the world."

The only woman in the room, Elise, spoke up next. "So if this thing is so powerful, surely there must be a way to find it? Perhaps tracing the lineage of the heroes from the past? Maybe we could predict which of their heirs will inherit it next."

Johann waved his hand at her. "Nay, it would not work. It appears here and there, randomly. Sometimes it's based on how an individual looks, sometimes it's their personality, or something else, but it does not stay within a specific bloodline. To be honest, I haven't the damndest clue on how to approach it or how to locate the Hero, if they are findable in the first place."

Ferdinand lifted his hand and opened his mouth to speak, but at that moment, a bell went off in the front of the room.

"Ah, it would seem our time is up. Friends, I want to thank you for coming here, and of course we will all meet up next week." Johann glanced at Ferdinand, knowingly. "I'm sure some of you will have pressing questions to attend to, but until the time has come, let our questions stay dormant. We don't want prying ears to hear us speak, now do we?"

Ferdinand swallowed as he quietly got up from his chair and shuffled towards the door.

"Don't forget the pledge!" Elise piped up cheerfully.

The people in the room paused from their standing up and turned back to the front of the room, as they stared at the engaved image of a pyramid with an all-seeing eye at the top. All of them immediately spoke in unison.

" _I pledge myself to account the good of the Order as my own, and am ready to serve it with my fortune, my honor, and my blood. Should I, through omission, neglect, passion, or wickedness, behave contrary to this good of the Order, I subject myself to what reproof or punishment my Superiors shall declare. The friends and enemies of the Order shall be my friends and enemies; and with respect to both I will conduct myself as directed by the Order, and am ready, in every lawful way, to devote myself to its increase and promotion, and therein to employ all my ability. All this I promise, and protest, without secret reservation, according to the intention of the Society which requires from me this engagement._ "

The first members of the _Illuminati_ picked up their belongings and headed out the door, as they entered the quiet streets of Ingolstadt.