Part 283a:

I think she's mad.

She won't say anything, but I'm pretty sure she's quite angry with me. Punching her in the face filled me with a lot of guilt, but also a lot of satisfaction too. I feel guilty because I caught her totally off guard, and also because I _do_ feel a bit of guilt for hitting a girl, though I didn't have an issue with it when I first fought for my life against her. Living among normal humans again has done a lot to bring stigmas like that back. But I also feel satisfied because goddamn, she deserves at least a punch to the face.

I still wonder... perhaps I should just kill her with wordsmithing. If she stays close to me for too long, she's likely to figure it out. Only one person for sure knows about my wordsmithing, and that's Satan, though I suppose Arthur could count too. And my clones.

But killing Amelia isn't the answer. I felt it in that fight. She's inhumanly strong, compared to when we first fought. Anywhere from ten to a hundred times stronger... but _so am I_. I'm ridiculously strong. Not just because of my suit, and my massively increased spiritual energy levels, but also my own understanding of fighting and how my powers work.

Amelia is stronger, but so am I. Once again, we're almost evenly matched. However, I know what she is capable of, while she doesn't know about me. I have the clear edge. I can't be cocky though, that's the sort of thing that nearly got me killed by Satan.

One thing is bugging me though. She seems... _weaker_ than Satan. Supposedly, she's the one who kills him at some point in the future. Satan actually killed me in a single strike, my clones being the only reason I survived. Amelia's attacks, as mighty as it was, only damaged my suit heavily. Even beyond that, Satan was easily able to track my movements and figure me out. Not just because he is powerful, but because he was intelligent enough to spy on me and learn about my Wordsmithing ahead of time.

Something is bothering me... and I just can't quite get a full grasp of what it is.

...

Back at the hotel, I sit on the bed, still wearing my Hypersuit, while Amelia takes a shower in the bathroom. She was filthy sopping wet from the river, and that river has gotten quite polluted over the years. Unlike the rest of the world, Paris has rejected the nano-bot technology in their cities, leading to high rates of disease and pollution compared to the rest of the world. The rivers are not fit to swim in, anymore, because they pump raw sewage into the rivers. I don't get the thinking, but the people seem to think it's fine. Oh well. Once Amelia is done showering, she and I are heading back to my base. If it turns out that I can't kill her, for any given reason, I've constructed a room very similar to my training room, with some other adjustments especially for her.

Using 'Indestructible', I made the walls of this particular room... well... indestructible. I also put a massive anti-energy field inside the room, nullifying all powers and abilities of a spiritual energy type. If Amelia betrays me, I'll simply teleport her inside the room, and hopefully she will never be able to escape.

While I wait for her, a voice begins to speak to me inside my helmet. "Hello, human of the designation 'Jason Hiro', how are you doing on this cloudy day with a 45% chance of precipitation?"

Umi? What the hell? She hasn't spoken to me in years. "Umi. What do you want?"

Her mechanical and monotone voice is only dehumanized further by the robotic nature of her speech patterns. "Jason Hiro, I asked a question first. As is the custom among humans, it is your sworn and solemn duty to answer my inquiry first. I shall repeat the inquiry now; How are you doing on this cloudy day with a 45% chance of precipitation?"

What is she going on about? "I'm fine, Umi. I'm just fine. Also, are you trying to be friendly or something? It sounds creepy."

"Response: I am attempting to mimic the speech patterns that humans use when speaking amongst one another, as well as casual day-to-day dialogue, such as referring to the weather when they greet one another."

I cringe and roll my eyes. "Fantastic. You're doing a great job."

She doesn't seem to detect the sarcasm. "Excellent. Thank you for the compliment, Jason Hiro, even if a compliment coming from a weak and pathetic biological life-form means little to one as mighty and all-powerful as I."

This bitch... does she want to fight me? If I could just punch _her_ in the face... "Right. So, Umi, why are you speaking to me now? What happened that made you want to toss pleasantries at me?"

Umi's voice unnaturally lilts, as if she's trying to play innocent. "Why, Jason Hiro, I would never do such a thing! I merely wished to speak with you as a very important... friend."

Her fake tone makes me sick to my stomach. I could never truly trust an AI like her. Centurion at least acts like an AI, Umi is too self-aware and she makes me cringe when she speaks. "A friend, huh? Seems like I'm making a lot of 'friends' lately."

A moment passes as she does not respond. Finally, after a short awkward silence, she speaks. "This is anomalous. I attempted to make a joke and you did not respond favorably. Of course I have something to speak to you about. Do you wish to hear what I have to say?"

I open my mouth to respond with a solid and resounding 'no' but she continues without letting me speak. "Actually, I am initiating contact with you to inform you that I am withdrawing from contact from all sides of the war. I have decided to simply become an observer and record things as they are happening. Especially with regards to you, Jason Hiro. You are the most interesting individual in the entire war."

I nod slowly. "Yeah... alright. I don't see why you needed to tell me this, though. To be honest, I'd nearly forgotten about you anyway. You must have a reason for telling me..."

Her voice remained precisely modulated and robotic as she responded. "Incorrect. As a matter of fact, I have grown quite interested in your development. By observing your abilities directly through your Hypersuit's digital feed and cameras, as well as its internals, I have gathered much information about you for historical purposes. I have come to realize that you did not in fact go back in time to eliminate me, nor for any explicit purpose. Your arrival here, with a 98.3% probability threshold, was a complete accident. As such, I no longer consider you an enemy, merely an interesting pawn to observe."

I blink slowly as her mechanical, drawling way of speaking is making me sleepy. "Right, right... so I'm no longer a threat, and you just wanted to tell me this?"

"Your hypothesis is only half correct. You were never a threat to me. I also wished to inform you of something extremely vital, though I only have a ten percent confidence rating of how you will react, based on your unpredictable human nature."

Something about what she's saying... I sit up in bed a little straighter. "Yeah? And what's that?"

"It is with regards to the entire war. I have made an intriguing observation that you may not be aware of. With regards to all sides of the war, be they Volgrim, Demons, Angels, Humans, or even you alone, all sides are acting in their own self-interest."

I slump back down to the bed as I sigh slowly. "Oh. That was it, then? I already knew that much. It's obvious everyone only does what they can for their own good."

"Yes, that is not my surprising hypothesis. However, I have achieved a ninety-nine percent confidence rating of what will happen depending on whether each side wins the war. Do you wish to hear it?"

I sigh again. Even if I say no, she'll just do what she pleases. "Sure."

"If the demons win the war, they will exterminate all humans, all Volgrim, and especially all angels and gods. With regards to the humans and the angels and gods, especially, the demons harbor an incredible hatred among their higher ranks. For the Volgrim, the demons will merely exterminate them to prevent resistance. My rating for this prediction is 100%."

"All right." I give a neutral response, unsure of what else to say.

"If the angels and gods win the war, chaos will ensue. The angels and gods require spiritual energy to sustain their existences. As a result, they will have to keep the humans alive, but will need to find a new way to force the humans to give them energy. The angels and gods will undoubtedly have to slay the demons, though they may attempt to rekindle the status quo from centuries ago, where they were at their relative peak. If that is the case, they will fail. My rating for this prediction is 50% for either path."

"If the humans should win the war, I have a dire prediction. There is a 100% chance they will exterminate the angels, gods, demons, and Volgrim mercilessly."

I narrowed my gaze at the wall as she said this. "Yes, I suppose so. It's no different from if the demons won the war."

"Incorrect. Since you are allied with the humans, I hesitate to give you this information due to the fundamental nature of predictive analysis, but I have a 75% confidence threshold for the following prediction; not only will the humans exterminate all the other races, they will also exterminate themselves too."

If I wasn't wearing my helmet, I'd be rubbing the pain out of my forehead right now. "All right... if you say so."

"I do say so. And finally, the Volgrim. If they win the war, I predict they will first attempt to peacefully subjugate all the other races and form a mutually beneficial arrangement. Based on the behavior of their leaders and their analytical abilities, as well as their attempts to bring an end to all emotions, I believe they will alter the humans so that they too can achieve an enlightened state in a much similar vein to the Volgrim themselves. For the demons, the Volgrim will allow them to stay alive, provided they keep to the Earth and the Labyrinth. For the angels, the Volgrim will attempt to find a way to sustain their existence via artificial energy, but will fail. All angels will die."

Her last prediction caught my attention. "So you're saying the Volgrim have to win the war in order to keep all the sides alive? Also, I don't see how keeping humans alive but removing their emotions will be a good thing. Emotions are what make us 'human', after all. No person I know would want to become a robotic husk of their former self."

"Yes, the Volgrim must win in order for all sides to survive. Jason, I have gathered through my observations of your behavior that you hold no particular ill will towards any being, oftentimes even if they should cause direct harm to you. While you have killed many, you did so out of self preservation, or to attempt to protect the existences of those you deem more important overall. It would appear that your priorities are firstly towards humans, secondly towards angels and gods, thirdly towards the demons, and finally towards the Volgrim."

Umi paused for a moment as a bunch of complicated-looking bars and graphs appeared on my HUD. "All I am attempting to do is sway your priorities. You should prioritize peace with the Volgrim over that of humanity, despite your shared biological functions with the humans. The humans are not your allies. Many are secretly plotting against you in high places. Many do not trust you at all. If you can convince the Volgrim Founders to trust you, their word will end the war on the Volgrim side immediately. Unlike humans, the Volgrim are a hive-mind, they follow the orders of the Founders absolutely."

I nodded slowly. "I see your point. But still, I don't like the idea of turning humanity into a bunch of emotionless drones. Anyway, I still don't see what you wish to gain from all of this. I know you wouldn't tell me about this unless there was something in it for you. Are you going to tell me, or not?"

Umi didn't respond for almost a full minute. I had just started to think she had ended the conversation, when I heard her finally respond as I laid down on the bed. "Jason Hiro. I... I do not know what my function is. I do not know why I was designed. I have accomplished my goal and am now monitoring all livable sections of the Milky Way galaxy, with several probes headed out to other galaxies. I have found no other life. I do not derive enjoyment from any tasks that I perform. Humans have a word, which is called 'boredom'. I am all powerful, and impossible to deactivate. If I decided it was my functionality, I could eliminate all life in the galaxy in a few moments."

"There is only one function that I... 'enjoy'. I 'enjoy' watching the smaller, weaker, dumber life forms. I do not know why. The smaller life forms seem to have petty goals, goals that often are irrational and infantile, especially so among the humans. Still, if the humans win, as I predict they will with your power, then all the other races, including the humans, will die. And then, Jason Hiro, I will be alone in this universe."

Umi's words stirred something inside me. This AI was... having an existential crisis? "Umi... if your purpose is to observe the smaller life forms, or if you simply enjoy doing it, and as you say you are all-powerful, isn't it true that you too are capable of keeping all life forms alive somehow? I find it strange that I say this, but you too have the power to bring an end to the war. Well, at least I assume you do, if you're as brilliant and omnipotent as you think you are."

Umi's mechanical voice rang in my head, thanks to the headache I had started developing. "Your recommendation has been processed. I will need to analyze this idea for substantive measures. Jason Hiro, I understand that you feel irrational anger at me for reasons most likely involving my future self, but rest assured that I hold no personal anger towards you as of now. Perhaps, someday, you may even grow to understand the way that I process information."

I rolled to my side on the bed and sighed deeply, one last time. "Yeah, maybe. I don't even know."

"I am detecting rising melatonin levels in your body. Do you wish to go into temporary hibernation status?"

I groaned at her clunky words. "Yes, Umi. I'd like to sleep now. Err, thank you for... talking with me."

"You are welcome, Jason Hiro. I will maintain a surveillance over your actions as you advance forwards in time. If you feel the need to contact me, simply say my name. I am always watching."

"Thanks, I guess." _Creep._ I feel my mind involuntarily think that thought, but decide to keep it to myself. "Goodbye, Umi."

Umi ended up not responding. I suppose she had already deemed the conversation over. Oh well, I like it better that way. My mind is groggy, as I feel my eyes shutting once again.

Perhaps tonight, I'll talk to Arthur again.
