Part 399b: Source

A flash of movement to my side. As expected, the seated commando is in on this charade. I reach down and tap a button on my belt, which sends an emergency short range hypersuit deactivation signal. The Commando flops to the ground uselessly as his suit turns against him, giving me a comical moment that would make me laugh if I had a sense of humor.

I pivot to face the fake Jason. "Which one are you, and what did you do with Jason 12F?"

The fake groans in pain and clutches his stomach for a moment, but even then his arms flop to the side. He's losing control of his motor skills, and fast.

"Marie, stop this! We're supposed to be on the same team!"

He thinks I'm an idiot. How sloppy can this Jason get? Of course I'd be on high alert when the second Source Jason goes out to have a chat with an unauthorized arrival. Coupled with all the other signs, like being too formal with me, and the door not opening for him, it was all too obvious this wasn't 12F.

The question I have to ask is... who? Which version is he? Is he a B or a C? Dispatching a pacifist like 12F is the simplest thing possible, so it's not as if his combat capabilities have to be high. He didn't even know who I was, though, so how could that be?

"Why didn't you check in with me when you arrived here? You should understand proper vetting protocol."

He looks at me with those miserable, pleading eyes. I can tell... he hasn't a clue what he's doing. He's way too green for a Jason. I've seen some dumb variants, but I've also seen some terrifyingly intelligent ones. This one is different though. It's not so much a lack of intelligence, as a lack of experience.

"Protocol? Marie... I can't... you're killing me..."

I roll my eyes and flick a cigarette out of my shirt pocket. This is going to be a long day. I light it with the experience of tens of millions of years of practice, wasting no time. "Oh, I'm _so_ sorry. I'll just go ahead and release the anti-energy field so you can have this attack dog tear me to pieces." I turn and kick the Commando in the gut, though I'm sure he didn't feel a thing.

Jason's eyes follow my foot. "Leave Lora alone; she's no threat to you!"

"Answer my questions, then. I couldn't care less about her."

His eye twitches and he looks away guiltily. "F-fine, you caught me... I'm not the Jason you know..."

Oh? He's learning his place quickly. "I already guessed as much. What I want to know is where you come from. No Jason would ignore the first contact protocol, it's important for maintaining continuity. You're either stupid, ignorant, or lazy."

_Or all three._ I keep that thought to myself.

He bites his lip and shoots a look over at the Commando on the floor. Does this Jason think she's going to rise to the task of saving him? The whole point of a hypersuit emergency shutdown is that it disables the wearer's brain signals. Not that I'd expect him to know that since even 12F didn't know about my back door kill command...

Finally, he looks at me. "I don't know what you mean. The other Jason attacked me, so I killed him. I'd barely even been awake for a few weeks."

I have an urge to shove this cigarette right up his ass. "You killed him...?! God fucking dammit- you idiot! Why would you kill him?! He was just there to find out what you were doing!"

Jason's body slumps even more. It appears he's going numb everywhere. "I don't know what you think he was doing, Marie, but he threatened the life of one of my allies, so I took action. I'm sorry he was your friend, but he was in my way."

I raise an eyebrow. "Friend? I wouldn't go that far. He was, however, a critical asset to me. How did you kill him, anyway?"

The little shit sneers at me. "I'll tell you if you turn off the radioactive death beam and let us talk like ordinary people."

"I'll consider that later." I rub my forehead and take a drag from my cigarette. "Stay here and don't cause trouble. I'll be right back."

"Bite me."

What a pleasant variant. He's so ill-tempered.

I exit the room, wait for the door to hiss shut behind me, and reach for my wrist-transmitter. Only then do I remember the assistant girl. "Oh you, over there. Woman with the black hair. The Commander says you can take the rest of the day off. You've earned it."

She was sitting in the chair staring at her holo-watch and chatting with someone out of boredom, but my words immediately brought a little life to her eyes. "Really? Wow, thank you so much, Miss Becker!" She perks up and quickly stumbles out of her chair, a stupid smile plastered across her face the whole time.

"Thank him, later. Go on, then." I watch silently as the bumbling fool grabs her Folding Belt, drops a few items into its vacuum storage, and then trots past me while humming a 'pleasant' tune.

"Have a great day, Miss Becker!"

"Sure."

Once she's out of eyesight, my eyes roll up into my head of their own accord. I despise menial discussions.

Her chair is open, so, hell with it. I walk over and plunk down, tapping a button and using my personal access code to activate the cameras in the Supreme Commander's quarters. Just in case he gets a little uppity and tries to make a break for it, I'll keep an eye on him. Cheh, like that would possibly work.

With another flurry of movement, I activate my dimensional transmitter and wait silently. The receiver in my wrist transmits for three minutes before someone answers the call. A voice identical to my own speaks back to me, which never stops being a tad unnerving.

"Marie 12F. You're not scheduled for a report for another six months."

"Perhaps I wanted to hear the soothing voices of my twin sisters." I grumble into the receiver. "Listen, I'm having a major issue. Jason 12F has been KIA'd."

Silence for five long, awkward seconds. "If this is a prank..."

"Do you think I'd risk calling HQ over an unsecured line as a joke? I don't even have time to get back to my office. It gets worse though."

"Go on."

"There's a new Jason in my office. He claims he killed 12F, but he's acting very odd. He didn't remember the first contact protocol, he's sloppy, and he barely even knows who I am. I suspect he copied 12F's memories into his own, and he was planning to take 12F's place before I caught him."

The other Marie swallows audibly. "That is _very_ concerning. 12F was supposed to be a Source Jason. How could he have been killed? It could destroy the continuum if that were the case."

I lick my lips and tap my cigarette's ashes on the floor beside me absentmindedly. "I think... I believe... this new Jason might also be a Source as well. Just a hunch."

After a few seconds, HQ Marie cackles. "Hah! Now I know you're messing with me! Saint Helen on Earth, how long were you going to draw this out? We already recognize there can only be two Sources. Alpha Jason confirmed it himself, and three is just absurd."

"He did... I know that... but could he have lied? Would he?"

Another long pause. "You really think this is a third, seriously? Look, it isn't possible. All of the data points to two Sources. I refuse to believe it. He's one of the Travelers, and he's messing with you. That's all there is to it. Alpha Marie would have my ass if she found out I even entertained this silly notion."

"What if she's lying too? This could go deeper than we thought." I finish off my cigarette and stab it onto the assistant's desk. I don't care if it leaves a mark since the janitor bots will just clean up any messes later.

"So you think there's some elaborate conspiracy? I'll talk with the others and get back to you, but for now, you're on your own. If you think he's a third Source, then you'd damn well better treat him like one. No divulging information he shouldn't know. You already have Source training, so it should be a snap."

My jaws slackens. "Are you implying I should give him the red carpet treatment? He killed 12F! We have a delicate balance to uphold! This is the only universe where total peace is a possibility! Isn't that worth something?"

"Oh _please_, spare me the crap, Marie 12F. There's no such thing as total peace. The work camps alone are pretty heinous compared to what other clusters have achieved. Don't pat yourself on the ass too hard. HQ out."

My transmitter disconnects and I force myself to maintain my calm while watching the man on the screen shift around slightly on the floor.

All my work, everything I've put into this galaxy over millions and millions of years... I created the perfect diplomatic machine, and now some callous idiot is going to ruin it all. He's grossly inferior to 12F. I can't accept it. I won't!

I stand up and disable the video feed, then stride back into the room. Naturally, he's sitting there in the same spot as before, though now his head has lolled so far to the side that it looks like he's halfway napping.

He grimaces once he spots me. "I hope you had a good piss."

"Stuff it." I flash my middle finger at him before looking up at the ceiling. "Samuel, shield the flock. Level 4 clearance."

I don't feel any changes, but Jason's entire attitude shifts as he tries to stand up and instead falls forward on his face. He pulls himself back up by holding onto the desk, and then he stares at me questioningly. "You're... letting me go?"

"Not a chance. I've done some digging, and found you're a wanted man. If you ever want to lead a traditional life, you'll do as I say and take responsibility for your actions."

"A wanted man?" He rubs his arms and stands up a little straighter as the numbness wears off in his body. "You're screwing with me."

_Yep._ I smile inwardly. "No. I'm very serious. I never joke around. Since you killed Jason 12F, this galaxy will likely fall into instability, and I'll have a big mess on my hands. You're going to have to stand in for him and take his place until I can work out a more... permanent solution."

He scowls at me, and his body tenses up. "You mean prison."

"I mean many things. Your future is in your hands."

I notice something slowly hover up and in front of him. It looks like a pebble, though perfectly round in an uncanny way. A secret weapon, then?

He chuckles. "Maybe I should kill you now."

"Oh yes, by all means, try me. I think you'll find the others will not be as nice as I am. You have more enemies than friends right now, having killed a fellow Jason. If you eliminate me, the footage of my death and you speaking about killing the actual Supreme Commander will be broadcast to the rest of this galaxy, so every human, angel, and Volgrim will be your enemy. I recommend you tread carefully, insect."

A bead of sweat drips down the back of my neck. In truth, I don't know what this one will do. Something about him is unhinged compared to other Jasons. I'd rather not die and end up an angel as that would cause me a lot of grief, but one cannot back down when confronted by a god with childlike intelligence. It's better if I use my overwhelming intellect to make him doubt his perception of reality.

The pebble slowly lowers and enters a bag at his waist. Fascinating, I hadn't noticed that small cloth sack before. Are pebbles his primary weapons? I wonder how he uses them.

"Christ. You think of everything, don't you?" He gnashes his teeth and glares at me. I can already see he's going to be an unwilling participant, but I don't need him to be happy with my orders, merely compliant. "The other Jason thought highly of you. I keep getting flashes of the past whenever you talk."

"Ah, so you did copy his memories. That may have just been the most intelligent thing you've done up to this point. I won't have to educate you on every menial piece of the galaxy's political situation."

He crosses his arms and leans against the desk. "I didn't say I'd help. I don't stand to gain anything from this."

"If you flee, I'll have all of humanity hunt you down. If you kill me, I'll still have all of humanity hunt you down. You might not have anything to gain, but you have everything to lose."

I tap my belt, allowing the Commando beside me to regain consciousness. "You be a sweet girl and don't do anything idiotic."

It takes half a minute for her to start moving again, having been knocked out by the suit's defensive systems, but eventually, she drags herself up, and her faceplate hisses open. She doesn't say a word though, making me raise an eyebrow.

"No witty comeback?"

"Lora can't speak. The demons turned her into a mute." Jason helpfully fills in the gap for me, which makes me smile for once.

"She's already my kind of human. Someone who can't talk back is infinitely more valuable than one who blubbers."

A chuckle wheezes out of his throat. "Heh, funny, I had the same thought myself. Maybe we're not so different."

I glance down at my wrist-transmitter and note the time. "Don't get ahead of yourself. We have a lot of work in front of us. So, are you in, or do I have to put you in your place once more?"

He waves his hand flippantly. "I'm in. Whatever. It's not like I care. I just want to find out what's going on in the universe."

"Hmm. Right." I reach for another cigarette in my pocket, but pause and sigh. I don't want to waste these. They take too long to grow. "I do have one last question for you... you mentioned only being awake for a few weeks. What did you mean by that?"

Jason pulls away from the desk and walks toward Lora. "I woke up inside a cryopod a few weeks ago. It was inside of the Labyrinth, and I managed on my own for a short while until the demons took me in."

" _Oh._ Well, that just raises even more questio-" I catch myself mid-sentence and remember something from a very long time ago. "Wait... a cryopod..."

My god... I might be right. If he emerged from a cryopod, it's possible he could be a Source after all. Everything my fellow Maries have been told could be a lie. What are the other possibilities? A clone? A memory wiped Traveler? A demon fake? All could be true, but a second Source might be the case as well.

I don't have all the required information. I need to do digging to find out where he came from, but I can't let on how important he might be. If he knows I can't kill him, he's liable to be a loose cannon.

This puts me in a tough position. "Jason, I'll let you get back to doing... whatever it is you feel like. For now, I just want you not to be irresponsible. The Supreme Commander has many allies, but also many enemies. Keep on your toes. I'm sure you already know how to contact me, so just ask if you have questions. I'll be in touch."

"If I must." He waves his hand at me dismissively. "See ya."

"So polite." I turn and walk out of the room, secretly wondering to myself if I've made a mistake in leaving him to his own devices.

After I've walked down the hallway a bit and I'm far from earshot, I speak up towards the ceiling. "Samuel, let the hive know if the bees whisper."

The computer chimes audibly. "No problem, Head Engineer, Marie Becker!"

I need to find the cryopod he woke up from. It holds the answers.

...........................................

Steven Feldmann relaxes in his apartment as he watches the local cluster's news network. Absolutely nothing of interest is on, so the anxious looking reporter is being forced to stretch the local weather report into a twenty-minute time-slot.

Feldmann adjusts his robe as he lounges on his couch. _What's the point of telling me the weather, anyway? It's always the same. That's the whole point of the Atmospheric Conditioners. This guy's just wasting his time, not that I can blame him._

Finally, boredom takes over, and he climbs off his couch to go stare out at the same generic sunny day that he's seen a billion times, quite literally.

_Everything feels so empty, these days. The kids are all grown up, the wife isn't here half the time, the demons are a pittance of a threat... the meaning of life is so hollow, in the end. Nothing matters._

He paces into the kitchen, and both of his cats jump up on the counter and meow at him, but he pushes them aside and starts to assemble the ingredients for a tasty chicken vegetable soup.

_Home-made. That's the way to do it. Not using these worthless food reconditioners. Who wants to eat recycled gunk anyway? If I want to stuff some guy's shit in my mouth, I'll find a public toilet._

He taps a button to close his windows, just in case a probe drone happens to pass outside. Even if he's caught using fresh vegetables, the punishment will be fairly minor, but it can't hurt to be careful. As a military general at the highest level of government, it would be a devastating blow to his career to be caught committing even a petty crime. He might be demoted and never have a chance to recover his status.

He glares at the avocado in his hands, before carefully cutting the core out of it. _You'd think they could make exceptions for people at the top of government, but nooo, the Supreme Commander thinks everyone should be equal. What a joke. I don't even know why I try to be competitive anymore, other than the fact I used to enjoy the view from my balcony. I probably just don't want to end up in the lower level apartments. I hear the smog has gotten worse, as if that were possible._

He begins ripping out the good stuff from the innards of the vegetable, but his personal AI gives him a special alert.

"General Feldmann, there is a high priority call on the line for you. Will you take it?"

He grumbles audibly but sighs and sets the avocado down. "If it's high priority, I have to. Put it on- wait, give me a second."

He quickly shoves the vegetable behind a box on his counter before looking across the counter to his main viewscreen. "Okay, now."

The viewscreen switches and a black haired young woman appears. A look of satisfaction appears on his face. "Ah, Stephanie Guillermo. It has been a while, hasn't it? You must have something to report."

She bats her eyes and smiles sweetly. "Oh yes, I certainly do. As you probably know, the Supreme Commander took a vacation recently."

"Mhm. Continue."

She leans forward and winks knowingly. "Well, as it happens, Commander Jason came back today, and something was very off about him. He was acting out of the ordinary. At first, I thought he was drunk, but now I'm not too sure. The door to his office didn't recognize his biological signature, and when I let him in... Marie Becker showed up shortly after and went in to see him."

Feldmann nods and reaches for the avocado, not caring if the woman on the screen sees. "You think something's going on?"

"I know it. I've worked for the Supreme Commander for years. Marie Becker sent me home, so I didn't get to see what happened next, but I suspect there might be collusion of some sort. I can't offer any details as I wasn't privy to their conversations, but..."

"No no, that is good enough. That wouldn't be the only odd thing that's happened this week. Admiral Danis was acting differently at all three meetings between the joint chiefs. He felt hollow, as if he wasn't really in the room with the rest of us. It was just a feeling, but this..."

He reaches for a carrot and starts dicing it up. "I'll have the next crate dropped off at the usual place. Good work, Steph. I'll continue counting on you, in that case."

He turns his attention back to his food but quickly realizes she hasn't hung up yet. "Is there something else?"

She fidgets slightly. "If possible, can you make sure there are cherries in this next shipment? I've been craving them lately."

Feldmann smiles knowingly at her. "If you keep delivering, so will I. Sayonara."

"Thanks, Steven. You're the best." The line clicks off and Feldmann shakes his head.

_What is this, revenge of the bodysnatchers? Something ain't right on Earth, but I'll make it work the way I want it to._
