Part 155:

Lucifer watched from his vantage point half a mile away, in the shadow of a rock, as his master Satan shoved aside some debris, entered a hole and then covered it back up.

_I wonder what he's hiding that he takes such great care to not be discovered._ Lucifer thought quietly to himself, as he stayed unmoving for nearly two hours.

Finally, in the dead of night, there was a rumbling noise as Satan pushed aside the rubble and crawled out of the hole, carefully covering it up. However, something incredible caught Lucifer's eye. _Satan looked like he had evolved in the time he was inside the hole_. In fact, he didn't just evolve, power flowed off of him like he had evolved a dozen times.

Satan covered up the hole and dusted himself off, while quickly glancing around for anyone that might spot him. He didn't seem to spot Lucifer, which was expected, given Lucifer was the greatest dark-walker among the demons.

In a flash, Satan darted away, once again bounding tirelessly across the landscape. After 15 minutes, Lucifer could no longer sense his presence anymore. He was worried that Satan might have detected him and would return soon, but this was worth the risk. Lucifer had always been one to ask questions, and his biggest question was always unanswered. _How did Lord Satan discover the secret of forced evolution, and why is he so much faster than all the other demons?_

Lucifer darted down, skipping nimbly over anything that might make even the slightest sound. Arriving at the rubble, he quickly shoved it aside, climbed in, and covered it back up. Before climbing down into the hole, however, he set a motion detector, just in case Satan should happen to return.

And thusly, he set to crawling down a small tunnel towards an unknown destination.

...................................................................

Lucifer crawled for a while, trying to figure out if he would get stuck, but as he went on, the tunnel widened slightly, and suddenly he was in a massive room, though it was pitch black.

Lucifer stepped into the room, his heart beating rapidly. _Something isn't right about this place? There's something here, and I can't tell what it is. I've never sensed anything like this bef-_

Before he could finish that thought, something in the room _moved_ and he froze. Even with his eyes, trained to see in the dark, his entire body trembled as something incredibly huge seemed to shift in the darkness.

And then _it_ spoke, a deep, rumbling voice that seemed to be like quiet thunder in the silence of the cave.

" **Hmmm. You are not my minion, Satan. You must be one of those who are digging tirelessly to free me.** "

As Lucifer's eyes adjusted to the darkness, he gasped, as the massive black form of a dragon appeared in the darkness. Standing up to its full height, the dragon must have been 200 feet tall. Lucifer was visibly shaking now. Not one to show his emotions, in took all his self control to not scream out in terror.

"W-who are you?"

The dragon's eyes shifted from black to red. " **I see. You are not one of the miners. My name is Leviathan, the greatest King of Darkness this universe has ever known. Tell me your name now, little mouse, or I will devour you.** "

The dragon's voice spoke softly, but with incredible malice. "My name is- it is Lucifer. I am the third lord of the demons, with only Diablo and Satan above my post."

The dragons' glowing red eyes seemed to flare for a moment as he processed this information. " **Hmm. I see. You are one of the highest generals under Satan, yet you know not of my name or that I even existed here. Why are you here, then, if not to free me from this prison?** "

Lucifer looked around. It was a plain old cave. Given the power of this dragon, why did he simply not just dig his way out? How did he get down here? Best not to question it until they were on normal speaking terms. _As if such a thing existed._

"I followed my general here. I beg your forgiveness, I could tell that he was hiding something from our people, but I knew not what it was. In my search for knowledge, I have done something unforgivable and treasonous." Lucifer bowed quickly, as he awaited the dragon's response.

Leviathan paused for a number of seconds, his eyes probing the demon at his feet. " **You appear to speak truth. However, either Satan is lying to me, or you are. If Satan is not digging me out of this prison, then what is he doing for me?** "

Lucifer lifted himself back up to gaze at the awesome sight of the dragon. "I beg your forgiveness, my lord. Satan has told nobody of your existence... I fear that he must be lying to you, though to what end I know not."

The dragon nodded slowly as he slumped back down to the floor. Lying down flat on his stomach, he brought his head to ground level as he eyeballed the demon in front of him. " **Any minion who lies to me is no minion I can trust. Satan has lost my favor. However, if you promise me that you will dig me out of this prison, then I will grant you the same powers that I granted him.** "

Lucifer's body was shaking. _This is treason, my lord will surely kill me for this. But... if I were as powerful as he was, then I might just be able to put up a fight..._

"Mighty Leviathan, I have only two questions to ask of you. If you would be so generous, might you answer them?"

Leviathan snorted a tiny gout of black flames. " **...Go on.** "

"Who imprisoned you here? And, though this may be disrespectful, I must ask it as well, why can you not dig yourself out of here?"

The dragon snorted again, this time more fiercely, evidently a form of laughing. " **Ahhh, interesting. Satan never once asked me those questions. You are a perceptive one. To your first question, the answer is that I was buried here due to unfortunate circumstances, but also as the result of a mighty titan of old who sealed me here with holy magic. As to why I cannot dig myself out, it is because this room is not only sealed by his magic, but sure to collapse and crush me if I dig incorrectly. Only one who digs from the surface can free me.** "

Lucifer nodded. "Great Leviathan, King of Darkness, I will agree to free you. Unlike the one who pretends to be my master and who borrows your power for his gain, I will free you from this place. Will you be able to aid us in the crushing of the angelic army, along with the gods of old?"

Leviathan sneered as the black flames sprouted from the side of his mouth. " **A simple task. I will agree to your terms, as you have agreed to mine. Treachery or deceit will result in death.** "

Lucifer pounded his hand on his chest. "I am your loyal servant, Great Leviathan. I will do as you command."
