Part 026: Feet In The Deep

From that tiny hole in the roof there came a noise of many small pitter-pattering feet.

"What could that be?" I found myself wondering out loud. It was a small hole, only a foot wide, and it was square. With such a small hole, nothing threatening could really come out of it.

And just as I had that thought, out came a small army of lizardmen, really tiny little guys, sticking to the ceiling like geckos. They started funneling out of the hole and spreading out in every which direction. Soon the entire room was filled with them, along with the ceiling and walls and both doors. They were really tiny, a little under a foot tall, about the size of small housecats. They all had tiny swords and shovels and axes and by gosh they were just the cutest little things, even though they had mean looks on their faces.

I heard a voice near my feet squeak and hiss at me. "You there! Fleshbag!" I looked down. Most of the lizardmen were green, but a few off-colored ones were at me feet. The one speaking was a purple one, and he wore a little teeny tiny crown and a royal raiment of some sort. He was definitely the leader.

"I am King Ghidorah! Speak your name!" Ghidorah spoke to me. That's odd, up until now everyone I've met has either had demonic names, odd names that are hard to pronounce, or in the case of Amelia, perfectly normal names. But this was the first time I'd heard a name from a popular Japanese movie series. Though... considering the moonspeak around here... it did make sense...

"I am Gaia's Child." I said, trying to sound reverent and respectful towards the itty bitty lizard at my feet. A pleasure to meet you, though I do wonder if you're here to attack me?"

The lizard suddenly shook in fright. "Attack you?! Attack the great and holy Child of Gaia who will overturn the balance of the labyrinth?! No way! It could never happen! We are the Children of Marie, and we are here to serve all who come from the magic containers! They shall be our salvation!" He seemed genuinely scared of me. A quick glance at the nearby lizards made me realize that they were all in some form of a position involving head bowing.

"Oh gosh, he's soooo adorable! Can we keep him? Can we?" Amelia jumped in the conversation, ignoring me. "I've never seen the Children of Marie before, they're so reclusive and only live in the shadows! But now that I see you I just want to gobble you up!"

The lizardmen near her suddenly leaped in near the king. "Ah, my lord! She wishes to attack and devour us! Your commands?"

The other lizardmen in the cave suddenly went on high alert. Amelia's vocabulary had made an odd situation tense. "Ah, no, I think she was using a euphemism for..." "I paused for a second to find a good word, any word. "...kissing! Yes, she loves kissing lizards."

Turning my head quickly to Amelia, grinning hard and nodding my head vigorously while looking for a quick agreement, I saw a face of pure and utter disgust aimed at me. _Please don't say anything that might offend them. Please don't upset this conversation._ I mentally sent images of a man begging at her, but she didn't receive them.

"Um, no, I don't want to kiss lizards. Ewwww! I do want to pet and play with them though!" She brightened up and smiled big at that last statement. The lizardmen around her visibly relaxed. Somehow she had cleared the air.

Directing my attention back to the King, I spoke again. "Great King Ghidorah, you say that you are the Child of Marie, but who is this Marie that you speak of?"

He smiled a toothy reptile grin and beamed solemn happiness at me. "Ah, Marie! She is the great goddess, the first fleshbag to show kindness to us! Where before the others showed us only fear and hate, she treated us as equals and stopped the infighting amongst our clans! She was one of the later occupants of a magic container!" The king nodded excitedly.

A sudden thought crossed my mind. It couldn't be. "Magic Container? You mean a cryopod? She was someone who came from a cryopod?"

"Yes! That was what she called it! She emerged and we gave her protection, now she benevolently rules over us, from somewhere in the labyrinth!"

I suddenly felt chills roll down my spine. Someone from a Cryopod was still here? I was not alone?
