Part 052:

At first, nothing happened.

Then, the world of black started to turn into a foggy white. All around me, near and far, I was able to make out the outlines of various objects, walls, and things moving around. They were hazy and indistinct, yet somehow more vivid than I remembered from my normal vision.

A rat scurried by me and almost by instinct, I jerked away from it, only to realize that it was inside the confines of the wall, scurrying around. This meant that I could see through walls, in a way.

I pondered this. The last time I had used Detect, I was only able to see red dots that indicated life forms. Now, I could see far more detail, not just for the life forms, but also the things surrounding me. If I concentrated, I could even 'will' my mind to spatially travel to another area for recon or surveillance.

What had caused the difference though? It was hard to pin down. I had put more energy into it this time, for sure. But I also had needed to detect a lot more than I did the first time I cast it, so perhaps my mental image of what I needed to detect was different. And finally, with my vision gone, perhaps my need for higher levels of detection was important.

Phoebe stared at me. "What did you just do, Hero?"

I walked around the room, kicking things out of the way as I tested depth perception and other things. My head was unmoving, as I did not see anything with my eyes, but with my entire mind. In a way, it's like whatever room I was in, my mind filled up the room and allowed me to see everything around me in a complete sphere.

"I guess you could say that I can see again."

Phoebe seemed delighted. "That's wonderful! You truly are a genius magician! I shall fetch us some celebratory tea at once!" She jumped up and left the room with a hop and a skip in her step.

I smiled wryly. I'm no genius, I simply now understand what I have to do, and I won't let anything get in my way.

Walking over to a dresser nearby, I sensed the immense spiritual presence of Hoarhiim. With my new vision, I saw him as a miniature sun, blinding with his immense spiritual energy. He seemed _brighter_ than before, if that was even possible. He was sitting in a basket with cloth and other such things in it. Phoebe had put him in the basket to keep him 'comfortable' even though he felt no physical sensations.

It's been three months since the accident, and at the moment I was impacted by that arrow, he had ceased to speak. I had heard nothing from him whatsoever. Blaarjiim had mentioned that it may be 'spiritual trauma' due to our shared mind-link and the overwhelming pain I had felt, but I was not sure.

I wrapped Hoarhiim up in a specially made belt that one of the many attendants in the palace had crafted for me. I nestled snugly on my waist without shaking around.

Phoebe came back in the room with some tea and we sat down at a small nearby table with two seats.

After sipping and thinking quietly for a while, Phoebe also drinking quietly, probably not wanting to interrupt my thoughts, I broke the silence.

"Phoebe, have you seen Amelia recently?"

Phoebe perked up and then instantly calmed back down again. "Oh, ah, I didn't have the chance to tell you yet. She and Kar, they both went out together."

I frowned as I sipped. "Out? Like uh, on a... date?"

Phoebe seemed confused. "I don't know what a date is, but they left the City of Bahamut and re-entered the labyrinth two days ago. I didn't want to tell you because you might be..." She tilted her head away and let her words drift off. Ah, she didn't tell me because she didn't want to depress me any further. It made sense. Until recently I was withering away in that bed. It was almost a crime that Phoebe treated me as well as she did. I couldn't have been much of a conversationalist.

Other thoughts entered my mind. Hoarhiim had been silent for three months, even now he seemed to be not responding to me. Amelia and Kar were gone, along with Blaarjiim. The party that had grown so big was split up and at least temporarily disbanded.

Yet, I felt a new emotion coursing through my veins. I couldn't quite describe it, but I guess 'Drive' would be the word. I felt a drive to start improving my body, to start improving my mind, to perfect my spiritual power until I was a worthy hero.

After finishing my tea, I stood up. "Thank you, that was excellent as usual."

"It was my pleasure!" Phoebe beamed a big wide smile at me.

Taking the cups and some other nearby dishes from an earlier meal, Phoebe exited the room quietly to go and clean them up. I paced back and forth slowly, finding myself drawn to the nearby window.

I could feel heat on my body, but I couldn't see the sun outside. I was blind, and yet could see with new clarity. I could count the blades of grass in the field outside mentally in an instant. Had something else changed recently? Was I simply finally able to use the full power of the Crown of Solomon, or might this be due to a hidden power that Raphael had given me?

Opening up the window, I hopped over one in a single swoop and landed on the ground stiffly. Walking over to the grass I sat in a meditative position.

It's time to _train_.
