Part 454c: Savior

"Jason? I'm going to the inner city for a bit. Want to come along?" I nudge the door to our room open and sigh, as I spot him sitting in a chair, with that board game in front of himself again. 'Chess,' as he calls it. The room is dark, despite it being the middle of the day, because he has the curtains pulled shut. Instead of using the electric light above, just a few candles illuminate the room.

"No, I'm just going to remain here for now," he says, moving a white piece before spinning the board around to play as the opposite color. I don't understand the appeal of playing a two-player game all by his lonesome, but then, I'm not interested in games.

Quietly, I rest my hands on my hips, lightly tapping my finger as I watch him stare at the board. "Moping around isn't going to bring Sammy back sooner. You should get some sunlight; it'll make you feel better."

"I feel fine, Cass." He's unusually curt, as he moves one of the smaller black pieces ahead two spaces and flips the board around. "I can't help feeling worried about Samantha. It's been four days."

"Uh-huh? She said it would be two weeks. The time to be worried is when it's been two weeks and a day."

"I guess so." He rests his finger on one of the pieces, just as Howard comes barreling around the corner.

"WARK! WARK!" Rushing over to me, Howard stumbles, smacks into the table, and several of the pieces on the Chess-board fall over.

Jason glares at the duck in annoyance. "Why don't you take the duck with you? He's getting on my nerves." As he picks up the pieces, he waves at Howard. "Shoo! Scram!"

"Jason! He's just an animal! He doesn't know any better!" A tinge of irritation enters my mind, but I stuff it back down. Jason's just troubled about Samantha, and he's taking it out on the closest creature he can see. He's a nice guy, but sometimes he can be distant. "C'mere Howard, come with mama."

Howard ignores Jason's anger and rushes over to me, poking at my feet cutely, as he always does. "Wark! Wark!"

I pick him up and cuddle him in my arms. "I'll see you later, Jason."

"You too, Cass." Jason forces a smile as I close the door. When I turn around, I squeak in fright, as Ionis appears behind me from out of nowhere, his iris staring right at the duck.

"Wark!" Howard quacks at the big robot, and I raise an eyebrow.

"You wanna come along too, Ionis? I'm just going to the city."

No response from the robot. He simply takes two steps back, clearing the path and allowing me to pass.

"Okay, then. You'd better be on your best behavior, then. No acting scary or attacking anyone, you hear?"

Again, no response, but he hasn't hurt a fly since I've known him, other than when he protected us from the Volgrim. He's a good robot, and even if Samantha and Jason don't trust him, I do.

I stroll past him, and the Sentinel falls into step beside me as we head for the palace entrance in the distance.

.......................................................................

The sunlight beats down, warming my body as I stretch my wings out. Being indoors, as an angel, has the downside that my wings start feeling cramped after a while. It's like an instinct that I need to stretch and fly now and then or I start feeling depressed. I wonder if birds feel the same way?

After walking past the palace gates, I set Howard down and let him waddle along beside me. "Stay close, cutie. I don't want you getting stomped by people who don't see you."

"Wark." Howard quacks at me, though if he's saying anything, the meaning escapes me.

Only a minute later, I amble down the streets and start to notice an unusual pattern of people staring at me, and often at Ionis as well. To be fair, I barely ever leave the palace since I'm always sticking around Jason, but he constantly mopes around, ever since Sam left. I need to get some sunshine. The fact people haven't seen me before is apparent, as their expressions are a mixture of curiosity and awe.

I pause beside a merchant selling various fruits and vegetables. "How much for an apple, sir?"

He glances away from a customer on his left to look at me and takes a step back in surprise. "F-for you? The one who healed the troops? I'll give you a bushel for free!" He smiles hugely and starts to grab five or six apples to hand them to me, but I quickly shake my head.

"No no, that isn't necessary. I merely did whatever was within my power to save some lives. It's nothing. Treat me like you would anyone else."

His smile transforms into the same look of awe that others have been giving me. "So humble... what they say about you is true!"

Before he can say anything else, an older woman hobbles over on her cane. "Well, I'll be! It's the Divine Mother!"

I raise an eyebrow. "The who?"

"The Divine Mother! The last living angel! You saved the life of my boy, Peter. I owe you so much, and all I can do is pray to you nightly. I haven't a copper piece to my name." Indeed, the rags on her body attest to how poor she is.

"That's more than enough, ma'am. The thought you pray for me warms my heart." I offer her my sincerest smile, but she corrects me quickly.

"I may have misspoken, Divine Mother. I do not pray _for_ you, but _to_ you. It is the least we can do as citizens under your gentle rule."

I don't get a chance to question her about what she means. All of a sudden, half a dozen men and women shuffle a little closer to get a better look at me, and I begin to notice just how many people are in the town square today.

A mother walks past, carrying a basket of vegetables, and her young son follows behind her, holding a jug of water. He can't be more than eight years old. The boy comes to a screeching halt as he sees me. "Whoaa! Are you an angel?"

"What?" I smile politely at the boy, and Howard cranes his neck to see who's asking the question.

"An angel! I've heard the soldiers talk about them. They fly down and protect everyone with their big beautiful wings!"

I glance over at his mother, who looks horribly embarrassed, but I just smile at both of them. "That's right; I'm an angel. I'm the only one, though. The rest are gone."

The woman coughs into her free hand and reaches over to touch the boy's shoulder. "Now now, Alex, it's not nice to ask such personal questions."

"You're beautiful!" The boy looks past me at Ionis. "And that robot is cool too! Can it shoot lasers and stuff?!"

"Alex!" His mother swats him on the back, and the boy flinches, but his grin doesn't go away. "Be polite! Use your manners!"

A man in the crowd pushes through the others. "Divine Mother! I work for the Government as a commander on the frontlines! My son is sick with fever! Can you heal him with your divine powers?"

"My daughter is ill as well," says a woman from a few feet behind me. "She needs your blessing as well!"

"And my husband!"

Several people begin clamoring together, and suddenly I don't feel happy anymore. It's somehow disconcerting, having this many people hemming in on me. My breath- it's not coming as regularly as it was before. "Please g-give me a moment, just a little space..."

"Divine Mother! My family heirloom for a kiss! I love you!" A tall man tries to reach for me, but I stumble backward, barely escaping his grasp.

I'm disoriented... so many people! This was a bad idea. I shouldn't have come into town without Jason! I don't know what to do!

A moment later, an ominous humming sound fills the area and everyone freezes. The air itself vibrates intensely, as if it were caused by the rumblings of something deep below. A second later, I realize Ionis is the source. He takes a menacing step forward, and the crowd leaps back in fright as all their eyes jerk up to his enormous, overwhelming presence.

As if by magic, the crowd scatters, several people bowing politely, others scurrying off, trying to get away. Ionis didn't have to use a single weapon, and he made sure in an instant they knew who was boss.

My pounding heart slows down, and my breathing returns to normal, as the only person left is the merchant from before. He stares up at Ionis, his lip quivering slightly. "That's some robot you got there. I felt every bone in my body tellin' me to run, but I was so damn scared I couldn't. Is it your bodyguard?"

"Um, bodyguard? Sure, something like that. Haven't you seen a Sentinel before?" I feel my shoulders sag a little bit, as the tension from before melts away.

"Never heard of them. Are they a new model? He looks like he could tear some demons apart." The man wipes his forehead, and relaxes a little as well. Evidently, he's realized Ionis won't hurt him.

"Well, he certainly could. Of course, I try to make sure that doesn't happen. I don't like fighting or war. I'm trying to put an end to the demon-human conflict right now, in fact."

"Oh." The shopkeeper stares at me blankly. "I, err, I thought you smote thousands of demons on the battlefield? The rumors going around say you healed our army with your right hand, and slew demons with your left."

I try not to show a visible reaction but probably fail. "Rumors aren't always accurate. I've never hurt a demon in my life, and I'd prefer not to start now."

"Well, you'd best let the local pastors know, then. They've been preaching about how you'll end the war against the demons with the help of the God-King."

My eyes narrow immediately. "What _else_ are the pastors saying?"

The shopkeeper suddenly looks a little bashful. "Well, it's said that the God-King created you in his image, as his ultimate weapon of the light. There's even a prophecy that alongside the Second Emperor of the demons, the three of you will be the instrument of our salvation and lead us to a new age of prosperity, with the demons as our servants, to be forever punished for their crimes."

Silently, I seethe on the inside. Outwardly, I give the man a big, cheerful smile. "Wow! Those are some _great_ prophecies! Where's the nearest church? I need to talk with those pastors as soon as possible."

Reaching for an apple, the shopkeeper tosses me one. "This is on me. I don't get to talk to angels very often, you know. The local church is just up the street, walk four blocks, take a right. You won't be able to miss it."

"Thank you, sir. You've been a wonderful help, Mister...?" I trail off, realizing I don't know his name.

"Oh, my name is Zhao. I'm just a humble man trying to make a living." He pauses for a moment, before that sheepish look resurfaces. "Say, before you go, perhaps you have some words of wisdom? They say angels are the wisest creatures among the ancient races."

_Uh oh_. I'm not even that smart, let alone 'wise.' The man's eager gaze as he clasps his hands together only fill me with dread.

_Come on, say something wise and smart-sounding. You're the last angel, Cass! If you act like an idiot, everyone will think less not just of you, but of all angels in the past as well!_

My mind screams at me for what feels like ten minutes, but is probably more like two seconds, until I take a deep breath, calm down, and reach inside myself. I don't have to be wise. Many came before me that shared their knowledge freely, and some of those memories are still within me.

Think. When I was a little girl, what did I learn in Sunday School? I learned words of wisdom from the holy book of my time. A man once walked the Earth who was also the most almighty archangel of them all. What would he say in my shoes?

Ah, now I know. Pausing, I smile sweetly at the man. "When someone hurts you, turn the other cheek. An eye for an eye leaves both participants sightless, but an act of kindness can turn an enemy into a lifelong ally."

My stomach roils as I try my damnedest to keep my composure. I hope what I said wasn't something Zhao's heard before, but perhaps there's a chance he hasn't and-

"Ah! I see!" Zhao nods slowly, scratching his chin as his eyes cast downward. "The demons have harmed us many times, but if we return the pain we've felt, we will only continue the cycle of violence. Is that what you mean?"

_He... he gets it! Zhao understands what I've been saying all along!_ My heart leaps for joy, even though I keep my expression neutral. It takes a monumental effort, but I manage to hold myself with dignity and poise.

"Precisely. I wish you the best, and offer a blessing for your shop. May your wares sell well, Zhao."

The two of us slightly bow to each other, and I continue on my merry way, walking up the street toward the church. I've learned a lot today, and all of it has been distressing. The fact people are praying to me makes me feel uncomfortable. Prayers should be given to great gods and angels who have accomplished incredible things. Compared to them, healing a few thousand people is nothing. Besides, Samantha helped out a bunch, and she barely got any of the credit!

"Oh! You're the pretty lady!" The little boy from earlier, Alex, bounds up to me, a skip in his step. "Mum pulled me away, but I wanted to see you again. Will you marry me?" The boy thrusts his hand forward, and in it is a small flower with yellow petals.

"M-marry you? Oh, you're adorable!" I quickly glance around, happy that there's nobody nearby for once. Leaning down, I give him a quick kiss on the cheek. "I already have a man in my life, but I'm sure there's a pretty girl out there who likes you."

"Y-you think so?" Alex rubs his cheek slowly and takes a step back, staring at me in admiration. "There is this girl I know..."

"Oh, splendid! It sounds like you already have someone in mind." I wink knowingly at him, only to realize he isn't smiling anymore.

"Susie Miller. She goes to my church. Vanished a couple of days ago, she did. Nobody knows where she's run off to."

"Oh. I'm sorry to hear that." I suddenly feel awkward, and the boy's expression isn't helping. "Is anyone looking for her?"

Slowly, he shakes his head. "Uh-uh. I tried, but mum needs me to help around the house. Everyone says she must've gotten lost, but I know better'n that."

"What, uh, what do you think happened to her?" I ask the question cautiously, noticing he's much quieter than he was a few minutes ago.

"Um. Well, I sorta... I think a demon took her. One of the demons let loose by the king."

"From the work camps?"

"Mm-hmm." Alex taps his foot on the ground quietly and crosses his arms. "Bloodskins are always up to no good."

"Hey! Don't talk about demons like that. I'll have you know my best friend is a demon, and she's very nice." I wave my finger in his face chidingly, but also pull back and sigh. "That being said, there are plenty of bad ones. Any idea which demon it was?"

Alex shakes his head and taps his lip. "Susie said she'd made friends with one, but wouldn't tell me anything else. I told her to keep her distance, but she didn't. I'm worried about her. The adults don't care. Even the people at the orphanage she lived in don't care."

_Nobody cares about her._ His words echo in my mind. Memories of being trapped in total darkness, a demon tormenting me every time I was about to break, always keeping me on the edge of sanity, and the realization nobody cared enough to save me... they come back to me all at once. The agony of being too weak even to end my life, too frail to bite my tongue, and the knowledge it wouldn't have worked anyway. I... I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.

Somewhere, there might be a girl being held captive by a demon... or worse. At the least, if I don't look for her, nobody else will. I have to find out what happened. It won't sit right with me if I don't. How can I call myself a protector of the innocent if I can't help one little child?

I glance in the distance at the church. _Another day._

"Okay, Alex, when did your friend go missing? I need to know more details."

.............................................................................

The Volgrim commander's face is admirably stoic, but in light of the news, it's apparent he's just putting up a veneer of strength. "Holvarius has been taken over by the Kolvaxians. The surprise attack gave us no time to react. Within a single hour, the spores rained down and corrupted all life until our forces in orbit were forced to flee."

The only look I can give him is a solemn one. "Holvarius is only a hundred light-years from the center of Volgrim space. We've lost one hundred billion members of our species, and they've gained as many converts. This is the worst scenario."

"I apologize, Elder Basil. The fault was entirely mine. I wish my apologies could undo my failure." Commander Korvas bows, his holographic image projecting the motion to the entire Council watching.

"I could hardly blame you, Commander Korvas. As the highest strategic leader of the military, it was my duty to protect the inner worlds with sufficient forces. At the least, can you..." I pause, feeling a great heaviness resting on my shoulders. "...can you provide us with details of the attack? How were they able to overwhelm our defenses? Their military capabilities should have been well within our ability to counter. The warp-gates would have ensured we could deliver reinforcements within the hour of their arrival. I cannot fathom how they accomplished so much in a single hour."

Commander Korvas dabs his forehead with a dry cloth. "There was a capital ship among their forces that we hadn't seen before. It wasn't one of our captured machines, and it was decidedly not of Volgarian make. The inside was hollowed out and housed a colossal swarm of small drone ships, all of which surrounded the planet so that none could escape. The ship must have been tens of kilometers long. I've not seen anything like it since..."

The commander trails off, but I understand what he means. "Not since the Energy Wars? Hm. I wonder where the Kolvaxians got their hands on such a ship. In any case, we can't afford to mope around. They're within striking distance of the core systems. If we can't come up with a counter-measure, they're going to wipe us out."

Pausing, I steal a glance over at Elder Lozu. "I suppose the anti-war faction would prefer we hug it out? A hundred billion Volgrim have been corrupted by the Kolvaxian plague. Now is not the time for weakness. We must bring the doomsday research back online if we hope to stop them before it's too late."

Elder Lozu pales as the court turns toward him. He is far from alone in his opinions, as a third of the members present believe that war with the Kolvaxians is folly, but he is the leader, and thus he shapes the opinion of his peers. At the least, I can give him credit for his influence. Few Volgrim of such youth can rise to the level he has in such a short span of time.

His fingers rap on the desk. "It isn't that my faction dislikes the idea of going to war. We simply disagree with the measures you're suggesting. Full-scale annihilation is forbidden by the ancient texts, and bringing that research back to the light would mean desecrating the graves of the Founders themselves! Furthermore, it was buried for a reason. The temptation to use that knowledge is so great that we might be inclined to use the weapons for more than just protecting our existence."

"You think we would use the old technology for civil wars and infighting? Preposterous!" I scowl at my younger peer, as his typical impishness shines through. "The Volgrim have known for eons now that fighting among ourselves will not lead us anywhere productive. Words will solve conflicts better than weapons will, at least among ourselves. This enemy is unlike any we've faced before. If we could recreate the Sentinels, but without their flaws, we could wipe these monsters out before it's too late! You saw what just a single Sentinel did to half our reserve fleet!"

Lozu balls his hand into a fist and pounds the table. "And what if the new weapons are defective like the old?! Not only would we have the Kolvaxians at our doorstep, but a new breed of Sentinels tearing us apart from within! Even if they were completely loyal to their creators, there would still be the possibility the Kolvaxians corrupt the new machines as well! Better to use tried and true weapons of war than experimental, untested weapons with a high chance of backfiring!"

My teeth grind together, nipping the insides of my mouth with their sharp edges. "You... you have to understand... war means taking risks! You cannot win a war by playing it safe!"

"So you would detonate a bomb at our feet in the hopes that shrapnel takes out the enemy? That's not a risk; it's suicidal!"

The two of us glare at each other before I shove away, rubbing my belly in disgust. This is how the discussion always ends. Without a unanimous vote approving their use, we cannot unlock the old archives.

Many thoughts come to mind. _Perhaps I could send a crew to the original Volgarius homeworld in the hopes of finding information about the Sentinels. Where one Sentinel exists, a way to make more should be possible..._

_Bah! Even if I do, Lozu is right that the original Sentinels rebelled. We need to start from new foundations, not build off the old. It's a waste of time!_

As always, we're no further to a resolution than we were before. Perhaps I should take the advice of one of my fellow councilmembers, who told me to flee to the nearest galaxy. It's unlikely the Kolvaxians have spread to Andromeda. The Volgrim could make a new life there, and leave the old behind.

We'll just have to keep the option on the table.

Commander Kolvas clears his throat. "Regarding the refugees from Holvarius... there aren't many, but they should be resettled at once."

"Yes, yes... Elder Lozu can attend to that matter." Gleefully, I push the work onto him and smile, even as that same feeling of darkness enters my mind once more.

_We're losing the war. If we don't come up with something, and soon, there won't be a Volgrim species left in the universe._
