Part 480c: Dilation

The five of us inhale sharply as we arrive back at Axis Mundi. Well, Harold doesn't, but he's a robot. The stress of everything we've just been through hits us like a ton of bricks, and everyone, including me, slump down onto our butts. A dozen angels nearby turn to stare at us quizzically before returning to their business, and Cassiel lolls her head back to sigh at the ceiling.

"I'm glad we're out of there."

"Same," Samantha replies. "I saw my life flash before my eyes. I can barely understand what happened."

Figuring now is as good a time as any, I quickly bring her, Cass, and everyone else up to date on what's happened in the last 24 hours... so we're all on the same page. Tvoorik shakes his head and wanders away after a while, uninterested in our conversation, but Helen and Harold nod along, and Harold leans forward, interest in his eyes.

"Kid, sounds like you've had a heckuva time while I was gone. Still, y'handled it pretty well. You're more reliable than Alpha thinks."

"Uh, thanks." I try not to sound offended. "Just how unreliable does my grandfather copycat think I am?"

Harold coughs into his fist. "Kah, well, ahm- it ain't the way you think it is. I guess from yer perspective, we done left for less than a day, but from our point o' view, we was gone for a few years. He learned a bunch o' stuff, and he had a lotta time ta' think about'cha."

Helen jumps in. "A few years? Goodness, Harold! I know he gets sidetracked sometimes, but even for him, that's absurd! What were you two up to for all that time?"

Harold waves his hand dismissively. "Get off mah back, woman. Cripes, a few years ain't nothin' when you're as old as we is." The old man mumbles and grumbles for a second, but comes back around. "Truth be told, we lost the devil. Satan vanished, just like he always does. Even Cassy's energy wasn't enough to track the bugger."

"You lost him? I mean- how?!" I can barely keep my jaw from dropping. "Isn't Jason Alpha like, a god? His energy is ridiculous! I thought you guys had the drop on Satan!"

Harold holds his palms up. "Satan's done it a hundred- no, even a thousand times. Every time we catch him, he jumps away and vanishes off the grid. We can't track him or nothin'. 'S weird, too. Damned devil's a friggin' ghost."

A few moments pass as Harold _hems_ and _haws_ and his wife gently rubs his back. I don't know why she bothers, given his robotic body, but maybe he has skin sensors or something. He's probably hyper-advanced and I don't even know.

Samantha raises her hand. "Um, I think I might know why."

"Ya what?" Harold shoots her a curious glance. "Whatcha mean?"

Samantha rubs her hands slowly. "I don't know if I understand how you track Satan around... but it's something like when Jason-" She points at me, "-when Jason says 'Locate,' right? That's how you usually find him?"

"Mhm." Harold and Helen grunt simultaneously, giving me a chuckle. As husband and wife, they mirror each other occasionally.

Samantha turns to me. "How does Locate work for you? Can you describe it specifically?"

"Sure, I guess." I pause to think about it for a few seconds. "I say 'Locate,' then I picture the person I want to track, including their face and name. The better I know them, the easier it is to find them. It doesn't take much, though."

"Right. But aren't there limitations to your Locate ability?"

Samantha asks me the question, and I feel gears slightly clicking into place. "Well, sure. But those limitations are pretty simple. I can't locate inanimate objects or things hidden by anti-energy. Satan is neither inanimate nor able to hide inside of anti-energy, so he couldn't be exploiting those edge cases." I stare at her carefully. "Unless you mean that's what he's been doing?"

"No, I doubt that." Samantha stands up and brushes some dirt off her soft, wonderful butt. "But you said it yourself. You have to picture a face and a name. So what if Satan changes his face and name?"

"Huh?" Harold raises an eyebrow. "What would that accomplish? He'd still be Satan."

"It's just a hunch." Samantha rubs her arms and shivers. "I- when Jason here gave me back my memories, I remembered all of my interactions with Satan in the past. He would always start off as a giant demon, calling himself 'Asmodeus,' and when he d-drew closer to me, he would change his form back to his normal self and call himself Satan again. Since we know he has that mindsmithing or whatever, then isn't it possible he-"

Helen yelps, catching everyone off guard. "Gods! She's got it! He's changing his identity with Thoughtsmithing so we can't find him!"

The old woman's enthusiasm is contagious. Much like how replacing a burnt-out bulb in a Christmas light arrangement will reactivate the others, Harold rears up and smacks his fist into his palm. "Sonofagun! Yer right! How come- why didn't we think o' that?!"

Samantha smiles weakly. "I was m-more intimate with Satan. You probably don't know him as well as I do. I always thought it was weird he was pretending to be someone else. Now I know why."

I stare at my girlfriend silently, evaluating her presence. Her eyes glance away, toward the distance, the ceiling, anywhere but meeting mine. Dwelling on her past with Satan disturbs her every time she thinks of him. Considering she once professed her undying love for him, I can only wonder what memories I unlocked in her mind to evoke such a dramatic change in emotion. Now it's as if he's an enemy she wants to cut down, yet also fears.

The feeling of something latching onto my arm nearly makes me jump in surprise, but I quickly swivel my head to see Cassiel wrapping her arms around mine. "Sammy's pretty smart," she whispers. "But you're giving her a weird look."

While Samantha and Helen talk to each other about her theory, I keep my voice low, so only Cass can hear me. "Do you know what Satan did to her? I can see it in her eyes. She hates him now, but I don't understand why."

I feel Cass's grip on my arm tense up. "Oh, that's what you were- um. It's not my place to say." She pulls away from me suddenly and tucks her wings in slightly. "It's private. You should ask Sammy."

"I thought you'd say that."

Christ. I don't get women at all. Samantha, especially. She's been weird for a few weeks now. She keeps hiding trivial things from me, like when she wouldn't admit she beat the crap out of Diablo. I think it was because she didn't want to hurt my manly pride, but if she knew me as well as I wish she did, she'd know that wouldn't bother me at all. Hell, I'd be glad to have someone reliable like her at my side. If I had to protect her constantly, she'd feel useless and like luggage holding me back, and that would eat away at me as well. She's my equal in many ways, superior in some and inferior in others. Just like Cass. Both of them are the gasoline to my fire, lighting my passion and potential aflame. I want to protect them, but at the same time, I don't have to. They can hold their own.

Come to think of it; they've protected me several times now. Where would I be if Samantha hadn't crushed Diablo? He might have killed me, and all of those humans as well. As for Cassiel, her healing magic has saved countless lives, mine included. Not to mention her staggering spiritual energy capacity, like a miniature star waiting to explode into a supernova. When it comes to raw power, she has me outclassed. Hell, she dealt a blow to Satan that stunned Jason Alpha! She's incredible. Both of them are. I'm lucky to have them at my side.

Whatever Satan did that has Samantha running scared, that pissed her off, or anything else, I need to support her. It's not a matter of hurt feelings; it's a deep scar that wounds her more than anything else she's faced yet.

"I'm sure Alpha'll tell you that stuff," Harold says, interrupting whatever question Samantha just asked Helen. "We didn't do all that much, t'be honest. After Satan skedaddled, we spent a while lookin' for him, but our hearts wasn't in it. Then we went over to visit the Central Hub, 'n we chatted with the Maries. They told us some stuff about some o' the other universes, yadda yadda, all boring stuff if y'ask me."

"The Maries?" Cassiel perks up at the familiar name. "As in... Marie Becker?"

"Oh! Ya know her?" Harold scratches his face. "Odd. The one in this stream is a quiet gal. She ain't talkin' to the rest of 'em like she used to. How d'ya know her?"

He smiles pleasantly at Cassiel, unprepared for what's about to come. I flinch in preparation for a barrage of vitriol, but Cassiel keeps her calm, surprising me. "We're _acquaintances_." Despite her simple reply, the last word is overflowing with sarcasm.

Harold completely misses the venom in Cass's voice. "'Kwaintences, eh? That makes things real easy. Anywho, all the Maries oversee the Multiverse and do a bunch of stuff that would bore ya ta' tears. They make sure everything's linked up and nothin' asplodes. Stuff like that."

Helen nods. "She's a good friend, even if a little coarse and rough around the edges. Honestly, if it weren't for her, I don't know how we'd manage. Jason isn't the brightest-" She pauses, suddenly feeling self-conscious when she realizes _I'm standing right here_. "Err, well, she has certain _qualities_ he doesn't."

Nice save.

Harold turns to his wife. "We're gonna have to pay her a visit as soon as Alpha gits back. She's gotta know bout them Kolvaxians. I reckon she won't be mighty happy."

"Alpha wasn't. Nobody is." Helen shakes her head.

The five of us gaze around for a few moments, until Tvoorik swaggers back over, seeing that our conversation has died down. "Alpha's about to pop back over. He's almost done with the Melkin situation."

"Already?" I stare incredulously at Tvoorik. "How fast does the guy move?"

"At the speed of thought," Tvoorik replies simply.

"Okey-doke, all done!" Jason Alpha's voice suddenly rings out, making everyone jump except for Tvoorik, who is already staring at the spot Alpha appears from. Teleporting in, Alpha strides into the middle of the circle, but the smile on his face seems more plastic than usual.

"What do you mean, 'all done'?" Harold asks, suspicion on his face. "You hardly had time to do anything. Don't tell me you brought in clones to do all the work again."

"Huh? No, no, definitely not." Alpha waves his hand flippantly, brushing Harold's concerns off. "I created a new dimension, put the Volgrim there temporarily and... destroyed Melkin. Just like I said I would. After that, the Kolvaxians fled in different directions. I destroyed a few of their ships, but most of them got away."

Cassiel and Samantha stare at him in stunned silence. After a moment, Cassiel is the first to collect her thoughts. "You destroyed the planet? Why?! Surely you could have-"

"I could have done a lot of things, Cassiel. I've tackled Kolvaxians in many ways, but total destruction is the most effective." Alpha rubs his back and stretches, yawning the whole time. "Besides, it's just a planet. There are plenty of other ones. Since the Kolvaxians are here, my top priority is to send out drones to scope out the galaxy, and once that's done, I'll know the extent of their corruption and how far they've spread."

"But... that was their homeworld..." Cassiel trails off and looks away, unable to protest. _I guess he knows better than me,_ her eyes say.

Alpha, apparently satisfied with her backing down, continues. "I'm not going to bring clones in just yet. First I need to report to Marie. She'll know how to divert our resources as needed." He looks at Harold pointedly. "I could just make more clones, but you know what that means."

Harold simply nods, as does Helen, sharing a secret they keep between themselves.

Samantha decides to ask. "Why can't he make more clones?"

"It's not that Alpha can't, it's that it's very... inadvisable. There are risks with every clone made, but creating several en-masse is extra worrisome. Better to work with what we've got." Helen says, as she nods sagely.

Her husband continues. "The fewer time-jumpers, th'better the stability of the multiverse. And less people ta' point fingers at if somethin' goes wrong." He waggles his finger as if that explains everything.

"Oh, okay." Samantha drops the subject, her curiosity satiated.

Jason Alpha rubs his arms. "What a pain. Satan got away, Kolvaxians appeared, and then there's that other Source universe that appeared recently. I'll have my hands full for the forseeable future if this shit keeps up."

Remembering what Samantha was talking about earlier, I quickly jump to my feet. "Oh! That's right! Samantha has a theory about how Satan is able to hide from your thoughtsmithing!"

"What, really?" Alpha is unconvinced, but he turns to face her anyway. "You have a theory? That's surprising."

"Thanks for the vote of confidence," Samantha mumbles.

Several minutes pass as she explains her theory to him about Satan bodyshifting. Alpha's sharper than the rest of us, and quickly gleans the needed details before she even finishes.

"Damn. That's smart. I dunno why, but it never occurred to me. Of course Wordsmithing can already erase someone from the universe, so he must be altering his energy signature, face, true name, and everything else when he changes form. The problem is, I've never seen him as Asmodeus before. Even if I had, once I jump over to him, he can jump away and change to something completely new. It's damn near perfect for countering Locate."

Harold nods. "Might be better'n anti-energy, th' way I see it."

Alpha paces back and forth slowly. "I need a better way to track him. I've tried bugging him before, but he's too sharp. He always keeps a careful eye on me, and the bugs fail. Not to mention he's always good about reading my mind, just as I am about reading his. Neither of us is good at surprising the other... except for this body-swapping crap."

"Uh..." I tentatively grunt out a rebuttal. "Actually, while you were fighting Satan... I managed to attach a bug to him. I wanted to tell which of the clones was the real one, but it might be possible to track him using my bug."

"What? Seriously?! Why didn't you say anything sooner?" Alpha scowls at me as if I were a child in need of an ass-whipping. "The trouble you could've saved me!"

"I kinda thought the almighty thoughtsmith had the tracking thing on lock." I try to keep the snideness out of my voice, but based on how he wrinkles his nose, I'm not successful.

"Great. Well, if you're able to track Satan, that makes my job easy. Come with me. I'm going to visit the Maries, and I might as well bring you along for an introduction. We need to find out who -and what- you are." His eyes narrow. "I especially need to find out if you're Hope."

"I'm not Hope. Don't be stupid." I return his subtle glare. "Anyway, maybe I don't wanna go. You're not the boss of me."

"Technically, I am. I can erase you pretty easily, kid." Alpha casually pulls back and examines his nails, like a prima donna. "You should come along for your own sake. It'll be a nice learning experience."

Cassiel and Samantha suddenly look worried, but I quickly put their fears to rest. "Fine, fine. I'll go. Is this going to take long?"

"Maybe, maybe not. Doesn't matter. We'll be back in a flash from their perspective." He beckons at Cass and Sam. "The bed probably won't even have time to cool."

"You're crude," Samantha snarks. "I don't know what series of events it took to create you, but you're also kinda... cold."

"You'd be surprised what a billion years can do to a person's social niceties," Alpha counters. "Anyway, when you spend every waking hour saving the multiverse, you can play the part of the polite galactic hero. I just do what needs to be done. That's all."

Alpha turns away and pulls Harold and Helen aside to whisper conspiratorial things, leaving Sam, Cass and I alone.

"Are you going with him?" Cassiel asks.

I nod. "Not much of a choice. Besides, it sounds like time is relative when you're... traveling. We'll leave and then reappear, and you won't even know we were gone."

Samantha leans against Cassiel and sulks. "If you say so."

"C'mon, Sam. Don't be like that! I'll be back in a jiffy."

"Uh huh."

She continues to sulk, and Cassiel wraps her arm around Sam comfortingly, leaving me out of their exchange. Samantha looks away, but Cassiel keeps staring at me. "I don't trust Alpha."

"Why not?"

"Something's off about him. I thought he was a little dumb at first, but it's not that." Cassiel shoots a quick glance at the other me, but he completely ignores us to talk with Helen and Harold. "Everything he does is deliberate. I can't see a billion-year-old person, whether he's technically 'you' or not, as an idiot. It might be an act."

"Or it might not," Samantha counters. "Satan and I are pretty old too, year-wise. After a while, age stops being a factor in personality. People don't change as they get older; they cement into their ways."

"Nothing about the mind is rigid," Cassiel replies calmly. The two of them continue their back and forth, embracing each other, but holding a somewhat intense battle of philosophy, which progressively moves further and further from where it first started.

Alpha appears at my side. "Okay! We're ready to go, buddy!" I nearly jump out of my fucking skin again. He's a goddamned ninja.

"Uh. Okay. Just one more minute." I quickly push past Alpha and run over to hug Samantha and Cass. Pulling them close, I ignore their little debate and kiss each of them quickly, then pull away, noticing they no longer care about what they were discussing. "I love both of you. We'll be back sooner than you know, okay?"

"Love you too," Cassiel says, though she suddenly chokes up at the words. She's not one to be all emotional at goodbyes. Strange.

"Yeah, same, love." Samantha slinks over and pecks me on the cheek. "Make sure you come back, or that's the last taste of these lips you'll get."

"Trust me; I wouldn't leave either of you behind even if my life depended on it." I quickly walk away and return to Alpha's side. "Let's go. Make it snappy."

He nudges me and winks. "What, you don't want a quickie for the road? Jeez, man. It'll be maybe a couple hours for them, but it might be a week or two for you. Don't want any pent-up frustration when you see Marie in her tight labcoat."

I glare viciously at him. "I've seen it. Didn't do anything for me. Now shut up and let's get going."

"Okay, okay! Don't say I didn't warn you." Alpha beckons to Harold and Helen, and as they walk up, he waves at Cassiel and Sam. "Okay you two, I'll borrow your boyfriend. Cya soon!"

"Bye, Jas-" Samantha starts to wave, and a second later, she's gone.

Uh, what?"

It takes me a second to realize my surroundings have changed. Axis Mundi is gone.

Whipping my head around, I quickly try to reorient myself. A giant, empty room, with metal plated walls, floor, and ceiling, along with a bunch of fluorescent lights. Only the four of us are here, nobody else.

Alpha scratches his nose. "Was that the first time someone else has teleported you?"

I nod. "Yeah."

"Now you know how everyone else feels. Welcome to the Central Hub." Alpha smiles at me, and an odd glowing feeling fills my body. This place is special; it exists outside the multiverse. Only a Wordsmith who's been here before can find it. Just a few people in all the universes have likely seen the place before, and they were all probably-

"Take off your clothes," Alpha says, as he continues to smile at me creepily. "You need to be decontaminated."

_Uh. What._
