Part 458c: Born In Fire

"Scoot over! Come on, move your ass!" Tvoorik gives me a rough shove despite my protests, squeezing me up against a rather large and well-endowed Orc. The bench is jam-packed full of demons, and the entire theater must have around fifty thousand of us. Heck, even the domed ceiling above has various demons crawling around on it, scrambling to find suitable hanging spots from which to view the spectacle.

Tvoorik smiles and nods his big, stupid head excitedly. "Oh boy, this is gonna be exciting! An announcement from the Demon Council! I bet it's regarding the Second Emperor! She's outta here!"

I try to contain my excitement and succeed thanks to the fact I don't give a crap. "Yeah, wow, I can't wait. Why do you care, anyway? I thought you hated the demon leadership?"

"Oh, I do!" Tvoorik waves his hand at me dismissively. "I mean, pff, just think about it, old buddy old pal! If she's out, maybe that's a sign they'll start changing things up a bit! Diablo's out of commission for a while, so maybe Mephisto's gonna do a better job."

I squint to look fifty rows ahead at the stage. It's so far in the distance I can barely even make it out, especially with all the orcs blocking the view. Who thought seating the tallest bodies in the front rows was a good idea? Shadow-walkers are too short to see past them! At least we're seated close to the front, since the room stretches back several hundred layers.

"Yeah, maybe Mephisto will do something. I'm jumping for joy."

Inwardly, I sigh. Tvoorik was vindicated on at least one count thanks to this last incursion against the humans. We don't stand a chance beating the humans, even with the power of the First Emperor. Just when we thought we had them on the ropes, the Hero returned, and with the help of the Second Emperor, he wiped out our Third Emperor and took us down. With results like that, there isn't a chance we can win now.

I pause, thinking for a moment on something I learned recently. "Say, Tvoorik."

"Yeah? What?" He looks at me, suspicion in his eyes. I'm not one to ask questions, so it's a natural reaction.

"You remember how we were talking about that angel amidst the humans, recently?"

"Uh huh." He gives me a dumb look, but I ignore it.

"Rumor has it that the humans are calling her the Divine Mother. They say she's an archangel."

"Of _course_ they do." Tvoorik looks away almost immediately and rolls his eyes. "It's like I said; the angels work for the demons. It's obvious to anyone with a _brain_. She's a convenient scapegoat for that awful failure of a battle against the humans a few weeks ago. There's no way she's an archangel."

Before I can respond, a Felaris girl in front of us half turns around, and her catlike ears twitch. "Divine Mother? Is that what I heard you say?"

I crinkle my nose at her. The Felaris are much too human-like for my taste, and very ugly by demon standards. "Yeah. Mind your business."

"Aww, that's rude." Her ears cock downward, an obvious attempt to elicit sympathy. "One of my fifteen sisters lives amidst the humans, and she told me the Divine Mother is real. She's an angel of unthinkable beauty, and wise beyond her years."

Tvoorik scoffs. "Cheh, your sister's a human-lover. Anything she says is suspect. They probably brainwashed her with their mind-control beams. I'd cut off contact with her if I were you."

The orc beside me rubs his fat, disgusting belly and picks his nose. "Hu hu hu, me like pretty girl. Wonder if Difine Mudder like big strong orc?"

As he raises his arm to examine the booger, the stench from his pit wafts over me. "I doubt that very much."

Tvoorik glares at me, but the expression is directed more at the Felaris. I can almost hear his thoughts. _Maybe going to this event was the wrong idea after all._

We don't have time to reconsider. The room suddenly goes quiet, as a wave of silence washes over from the front rows all the way to the back. A few orcs ahead of us continue laughing and jeering, but they're always loud and obnoxious, so I ignore them.

An old demon slowly walks onto the stage and makes a motion with his hands, probably to amplify his voice with magic. I squint, but can't make out his face. "Tvoorik, who is that?"

He shrugs. "Dunno. Some geezer."

The Felaris girl spins her head back to hiss at us. "That's Barbatos, the eldest demon! Show respect!"

"As if I care," Tvoorik says, echoing my thoughts.

The old bat mutters something unintelligible for a moment before clearing his throat. "Ah, thank you for coming today, esteemed demon and monster-kin. I am Barbatos, the Father of Demons. This announcement is regarding several minor and major things that will be changing, starting immediately. It will be your duty to return to each of your districts and inform the relevant leaders and broodmothers about..."

He drawls on for a while, and I begin to feel my attention drift. _Healing centers are overcrowded; mutations are lagging behind, blah blah blah..._

"With regards to the Second Emperor... most of you may have heard about her recent expulsion from the Demon Emperors..." Barbatos catches my attention with this statement. He sighs before continuing. "Belial has been expunged from the Demon Emperors, but the First Emperor has chosen to show mercy and will not banish her from the Labyrinth. However, given Belial is a known human sympathizer, she is to be avoided at all costs. She battled and defeated the Third Emperor, Diablo, in combat to defend the humans, an action irredeemable in the eyes of the Council. As a result, Diablo has been unable to lead us due to his injuries..."

"Tch. Good riddance," Tvoorik mutters under his breath.

"Hey, that's not fair. Diablo is a friend of ours."

Tvoorik nods slowly. "Yeah, I like him as a demon, but Bael would be much better as a leader."

"Bael is a lunkhead. I can't believe you prefer him to Diablo." I pause, realizing what I just said. "Never mind. You probably feel a kinship with his stupidity."

"Oh, shut up."

Barbatos holds up a piece of parchment and squints to read it. "Mmm. Mmm, yes, I see. And now I bring you the final bit of news. Due to a series of recent circumstances, it is with great regret that I inform you Diablo will no longer, as of this day, represent Demonkind as our Third Emperor. Indeed, with the purge of Belial, he would be promoted to the position of Second, while Bael would be promoted to Third, but times have changed. A promising candidate has appeared and demonstrated without a doubt that he has the qualifications to lead demonkind as our new Second Emperor!"

I stare at the stage, stupefied. It takes a moment for the old bat's words to register. "A different demon will be the Second Emperor? Who? Mephisto?"

Tvoorik shakes his head. "I doubt that... he's acting like this new candidate is an unknown. Mephisto would be expected for the role."

Indeed, Barbatos beckons to the side of the stage, and from the shadows, out steps a demon I haven't seen before. A black suit, with a black tie, and a black undershirt combine with his black hair and red skin to create a stunning contrast. He carries himself with poise, and strides forward, smiling as he bows to the audience. Barbatos makes a motion, and the newcomer's voice is amplified for all to hear.

"Greetings, comrades. Many of you may know of me, but will not know my story. I am Beelzebub, your new Second Emperor. You may call me by my new title, the Emperor of Flames."

Everyone, myself included, stare at him in silence, as he continues. Even the orcs don't make a sound, which is out of the ordinary for them. "Due to the failings of the previous leadership, I have sought to remedy the problems plaguing demon society." His smile twists, and a snarl forms on his face. "Weakness. This infectious disease plagues us. Losing to humans in combat is inexcusable. If we couldn't beat them with our eons of fighting experience, simply overrunning them with millions and billions of our kind would have sufficed. Instead, we allowed them to claim a sizeable victory, and have sustained a blow to our morale while boosting theirs. Inexcusable!"

A tap on my arm turns my attention to Tvoorik. He raises a knowing eyebrow. "Do you know who this is, Ylvusk?"

I shake my head, and he quickly explains. "He's the 'Puppet' demon. The Hero supposedly beat him in combat and enslaved his mind. Now he comes out as our new Second Emperor? Fishy..."

Memories come back to me. A few years ago, I remember hearing tales of such a demon, but... "That can't be him. It makes no sense."

Tvoorik doesn't respond. Beelzebub continues speaking, his voice rising as he gets more and more into his speech. "My power comes from the Third Emperor, Diablo. Two nights ago, I defeated Diablo and Bael in combat and took Diablo's energy for myself. If you lend me your attention, I will explain just how my glorious rise began."

I groan inwardly. "This is going to be a long one."

.................................................................................

"Out of my way! I have business with those two inside."

_Before me stood a hundred demons, armed to the teeth. Diablo and Bael's guardsmen, there to protect them in case of people like myself. Each one raised their weapons to me; their teeth gritted in anger._

"We shan't let you pass, knave! Ye are not worthy of seeing the Third Emperor and First Duke without an invitation!"

_One of the guards started to thrust his spear at me, but he was met with a swift, fiery demise. The flames boiled from within my body and lashed out, like a bird of prey snatching a field mouse. As he fell, the other guards leaped back in panic, unable to believe my incredible power._

"F-fine, you can go in! But when you do, you'll be sorry! The Third Emperor will make you pay!"

_Naturally, that guard tasted the same flames as the one before him. The rest were far too frightened to raise a weapon to me, so they thrust their swords and spears to the ground and cowered, begging for their lives._

_Shoving the bodies out of my way with a single, swift kick, I charged into the blood-pits and stood before the failed demon leaders._

"Diablo, Third Emperor of Hell! Bael, First Duke of Hell! I challenge you both to a duel! I will take your energy for myself!"

_Immediately, Diablo swiveled to face me, fear in his eyes. He knew at once that his reckoning had come. No longer could he sit idly by as he fooled around, making life miserable for those below him. His failures would be atoned for in blood._

"I-I'm not scared of you! B-but, before you can beat me in combat, you must first face my right-hand demon. Yes, that's right! I'll not have it any other way!"

_The mark of an insect! He forced his underling to fight and weaken me first, but knew it couldn't save him. Bael reached for his tiny flail and laughed, thinking he stood a chance against my awesome power._

"If you think you can beat the First Duke, you're wrong. Your time is up, Beelze-"

_Before he could even finish, I had already conjured a small, intensely hot ball of fire within my palm. Instantly, I lobbed it at him, but the dullard was too slow to react in time. It smote his body and sent him smashing backward, landing against the wall of the hut. His insignificant demonhood flopped to the side as he passed out from the pain. Truly, a pathetic display, for a worthless underling._

"Diablo, you can escape no longer. Your days of hiding and leaving the fighting to others are over. Now you must face me, and be wrapped in the embrace of my fire to atone for your failures as our leader."

_Diablo leaped out of the blood pits. His body was already fully healed! Everything he told us about his grievous wounds was a lie! He soaked in warm, iron-rich human blood while the demons below him wept and perished at the hands of the filthy fleshbags. I grew enraged, knowing this traitor thought himself fit to lead._

_The former Third Emperor, trembled as he faced me._ "Won't you take pity, on a poor, injured demon? This fight isn't fair! I can scarcely move!"

"Lies!" _I pointed my finger straight at his chest._ "You're the picture of health! Stop sniveling, and fight me for the right to rule! If you won't, I'll take your power by force!"

_Finally, the former Third Emperor realized he could hide no longer. In a display of cowardice, he charged at me before I was ready! He delivered many savage blows to my head and body, but I managed to escape his weak grip and quickly summoned a wall of flame to engulf him. His screams were sweet as nectar, and they filled me with joy, knowing he could finally feel the pain that so many other demons had experienced at the hands of the humans!_

_He writhed in pain on the ground, before reaching out and slapping my foot._

"I concede! Please, have mercy! You are far more worthy than I to lead our people! I will give you my energy, just don't kill me! I beg you!"

_Naturally, he made the right choice in the end. While his energy flowed to me, I spat on him and cursed his weakness, before stepping out of the hut. All the demons present took several steps back as they gazed in awe of my strength. To demonstrate my mercy, I used my new energy to repair the vital organs of those I had harmed. They might never speak properly again, but at least they would live to fight in service of their glorious new leader._

.................................................................................

Beelzebub's grin widens, nearly to maniacal levels. As he continues, I nudge Tvoorik. "This story sounds a little twisted, don't you think-"

I pause, noticing Tvoorik staring in awe at Beelzebub. "Incredible! An outsider wrested control from the previous leaders! He could take us to new heights!" His glee increases even further, "And Diablo was such a coward, too! I can't believe that guy!"

"Huh?" My eyes blink twice, just to make sure I'm hearing him right. "Listen to what he said, Tvoorik. That was a whole lot of hot air and not much substance. I bet he made half of it up."

"Pfft, nonsense." Tvoorik looks at me like _I'm_ the idiot here. "A bit of embellishing for the audience. Everyone exaggerates a little. How else do you think it could have gone down? I wanna give him a chance!"

Beelzebub's words drift over from the stage, catching my attention. "-are worthless fleshbags, as you all know. During my time among the humans, I learned much about how they behave, and what their weaknesses are. My goal as the new Second Emperor is to completely, utterly, and totally annihilate humanity! After they're defeated, we will take on the Volgrim. It will not be an easy road. Many have died as a result of these humans, but that is precisely why I will be the perfect new leader! We need not just new blood up here, but new ideas! I bring with me a re-imagination of war itself, and a new focus on how to destroy the humans."

"Humans are inventive. They create their fancy gadgets and toys because they are fragile, and those weapons are the only way they can hope to defeat demons in combat. We will no longer engage in all-out war against them, but guerrilla combat. Those who fancy the shadows, the cloak and dagger, they will be our deadliest agents in this new era. We will target not the human body, but the human psyche. We must sow discord among our enemies, make them doubt who the real monsters are. A human's deadliest weapon is neither the gun, nor the bomb, but the _ideas_ which they spread. Their ideas corrode the soul, and weaken the mind."

The orc beside me blinks sleepily. "Suit-guy speak big words. Glonk not understand."

I nudge him with my arm. "You and me both. He sounds like a clown. I can't believe we traded Diablo for _this_." Even as I say the words, I notice Tvoorik's stupid, over-eager expression. The dumbass is lapping up every word.

"So join me, brothers and sisters! We will work together and recreate demon society! The River Styx will overflow with the souls of humans, and my new laws will ensure that those who kill the most are rewarded for their hard work. No more cowering while we wait for the humans to expand to a new district! No more whining because you haven't mutated in millennia! Pledge your loyalty to your new Second Emperor, and the weakness of the past will soon become a distant memory!"

The entire throng of demons explodes into cheers all at once, sans an individual here and there. While Tvoorik stands up and claps like a madman, as do many others, all I can do is bow my head and sigh.

"So this is how stability dies; with thunderous applause."
