Part 387b

The hallway is quite dark, despite the five torches on each side of the wall extending down the hall, but to eyes that were just in an unnatural darkness unlike any other, it's as if I'm staring directly into the sun. The walls themselves are tiled, and appear to be made of an onyx-like black substance, one that absorbs the light around it instead of allowing the light to bounce off its surface.

I rub the water from my eyes and sniffle slightly. "Where are we?"

"My lair." Yama barely even gives me a decent answer as we start to walk down the hallway.

"Yes, I got that. I'm asking where the lair itself is."

Yama tilts his smoking black head at me with a look that can only be described as disgusted annoyance. "To explain would be more trouble than I care to invest myself in. You are likely suffering from the freezing sickness, so we should give you sustenance first."

Freezing sickness? Ah, he must be talking about cryosleep sickness. What a weird thing to call it.

We arrive at the end of the hall and walk into a rather plain dining room. The fire I saw from before is much smaller than I thought, little more than a small pile of sticks barely burning at all. It seemed so much bigger when I first saw it.

The floor is made of black wood, with a balsamic aroma that smells quite nice. The room itself is rather empty, though I do notice several paintings of a human woman scattered all around the walls, hung at somewhat random intervals. Wearing a black outfit with long black hair, she seems sad, as if she didn't want to sit still for the painting. Why would he have pictures of a human female?

My thoughts are interrupted as four girls walk in the room. Young women really, and _human_ to boot. They're dressed in rags that barely seem to be held together by strings the thickness of shoelaces. They look handwoven, as if they were made from potato sacks from the 1800's.

I'm quite surprised by the four women, but they completely ignore me, and silently fall to their knees and bow before Yama, throwing their hands out in front of them and letting their foreheads touch the floor. In fact, everything about them is silent, even the way in which they move.

Yama barely even glances at them, instead talking to the air above their bowed forms. "This one is our guest. Give him anything he wishes. Start with a meal. Something lavish, whatever it is you humans eat will do."

They don't respond, not even nodding, before quickly standing up and walking out, never once looking directly at his face. Yama turns back to me. "In twenty minutes or so, the food will be prepared."

My mouth opens and closes, but I find it hard to put words to action. "Who were they?"

He blinks a few times, slowly. "The chattel? Hardly worth your consideration. Of course, since you are a human, if you feel the need to relieve yourself, they will be at your command. In any case, you seem quite dirty, and you're covered in residue from that container, but they will treat an honored guest such as yourself well."

Now I tap my foot and rub my lip. "So they're slaves."

Blaarjiim stirs in my hand. "Are you disturbed, because you share a kinship with them? They are subhuman, entirely different from yourself. Don't concern yourself with their lot."

Yama's eyes seem to open a bit wider. "Ah, Blaarjiim is right. Forgive me, I forgot that you might be offended seeing other members of your species reduced to such a pitiful existence."

Well... it's not that I'm offended... I suppose it makes sense demons would have human slaves...

"You mentioned back before we arrived here that demons were losing a war. If you're losing a war, why do you have human slaves? Why would you attempt to befriend me, a human, if you hate my kind?"

Yama ponders my question for a moment, but once again it is Blaarjiim who answers. "You misunderstand. We do not hate humans, we view them as inferior creatures. Do humans hate the stupid animals that roam their homeworld? Of course not. But if those beasts rose up and took over, the humans would be sure to resent their actions."

A smile crosses my face. "If humans are so inferior, then why are they winning the war?"

The living shadow immediately scowls. "I ask myself that very question all the time." With a small flourish, he snatches Blaarjiim's orb out of my hands. "The chattel will draw you up a bath. Down that hall and to the left. I have no need of such things, so the only option available will be in the servant's quarters."

I shake my head slowly and start to walk away, but Blaarjiim appears in my mind. "I can feel your doubt about our motivations, but you must understand you will have all the answers you need soon."

His words fill me with the exact opposite of confidence. "Great. I'm gonna go get cleaned up."

...........................................................

This place is dark and gloomy. A feeling of total despondency hangs on the air, like the smell of a thousand dead bodies. As I walk down the hall, I pass incredibly small rooms, all of which have barely enough room for tiny bunkbeds covered in filth, some of which have various slaves sleeping, and some that don't. I quickly can't help but notice the only slaves here are female. There are no men. Why? Does Yama fear men? Perhaps he's a lascivious sort of demon. Maybe it's something else.

What the hell am I doing? I killed a demon, that Gressil creature, yet Yama wants me to be his best friend now. Why shouldn't I just kill Yama too while I'm at it? Why not free these humans?

Then again, maybe they deserve it. I don't know the full story yet. What if humans are sick fuckers who do even worse things to demons. Do humans enslave demons? Do they just kill them indiscriminately? I mean, they _are_ demons.

As I walk past room after room, I begin to wonder if Yama has ever set foot in this wing of his base. The bath certainly wasn't _just down the hall on the left_. I feel like I've walked a mile already, and I've passed several hallways on the right and left. This place feels like a goddamn maze. The dingy smell and dark corridors are even less illuminated than the hallways from before, though my eyes are unnaturally keen, for some reason. I can see into the darkness with startling clarity.

As I walk, I hear a soft pitter-patter of feet behind me. When I turn back, a young woman, possibly a year older or younger than me, stands silently with her head bowed.

"Huh? What is it?"

I ask a simple question, but she offers no response. She holds her right hand out hesitantly to me, making a cupping motion as if to scoop water, then she points behind herself towards a hallway I just passed. Never once does she look at me.

"You want me to go that way?"

She nods hesitantly before quickly turning and walking down the hallway she indicated before, and I waste no time in following after her.

She's a lovely thing, though it's tough to tell, what with the scraggly matted down red hair. She wears the same stitched together rags as all the other female slaves, making me wonder what the purpose is in forcing them to wear such humiliating clothing. Or then, perhaps that's the point. Humiliation. Her hair doesn't move at all, given it seems to be caked with dirt so badly that it's almost brittle. Her arms also seem to be covered in black dust, likely soot if I had to wager a guess. She must be someone who cleans out the fireplaces and torches I've observed.

She continues walking and I follow along until we arrive at the end of a hallway which opens into a startlingly clean looking bath house. It immediately reminds me of something I saw in Japanese guidebooks before I entered the cryopod.

In fact, the resemblance is uncanny. It's as if a non-Japanese person based this bath directly on a picture from a Japanese hotel pamphlet.

The slave girl stops before the door and stands to its side, keeping her head bowed, even as her bushy red hair falls forward unnaturally to hide her face. If I didn't know any better, I'd say it was intentional.

"Thank you for... showing me the way." I scratch my head, hemming and hawing while trying to make this less awkward, but as I speak, an old woman suddenly appears from the other side of the doorway to the bath house's entrance.

"You're the visitor, eh?"

Her skin is dark red, and her face is quite hideous. It looks almost like it's sagging off her face from generations of scowling at visitors she didn't like. I can immediately tell she isn't human. Contrasted with the young woman to my side, this is quite the old broad, clearly not one to honor any notions of romanticism. Her eyes are tinged with irritation as if she's seen it all and lived a thousand lives.

"Yes. I'm Jason Hiro. Yama brought me here to-"

"I know. Devil's sake, humans are mouthy bastards." She rolls her eyes before clapping her hands so loudly the human girl flinches. "Lora! Wipe that smile off your face! Get this man clean!"

'Lora' isn't smiling. What is this old demoness talking about?

The girl shoots a glance at the pool of water and I feel as if there is a deep longing in her eyes, as if she would kill for a chance to scrub herself clean.

The old bat glares at me. "What are you waiting for? Drop the clothes and get in! Lord Yama does not like to be kept waiting!"

As she says this, Lora immediately reaches around behind herself and starts to undo the back of her shirt, all while the old woman is apparently impatient for me to do the same.

This feels wrong.

"Ah, that won't be necessary. I'll clean myself." I quickly push past the old demon even as I feel her glare blast into my back.

"Oh, I see! Too good for ya, eh?" Her grimace lightens for a moment. "Hmm, on the other hand, perhaps I misunderstood. I wouldn't want the vermin touching me either."

I start to clarify that wasn't my intention, only to see Lora's eyes staring at the pool of water sadly. I suddenly realize that she probably doesn't care about me in the slightest, but only wants to get clean.

I don't get a chance to change my mind. The old demoness unmercifully stabs her finger into Lora's stomach. "You heard the man! He doesn't want your grimy hands near him! Get back to the pits!"

Lora lowers her head again and beats a hasty retreat. I feel a little guilty as I glance at the empty pool room. I expected there to be others bathing here, but the place looks like it's been untouched for years.

"Why isn't anyone else here?"

The old woman snickers as she hefts her frame forward on a staff I didn't notice from before. "This ain't where the riff-raff are cleaned. We got hoses for that, boy. This place is reserved for important guests only. 'sides, ain't like the girls are gonna say anything. Hehe, you know what I mean."

I shoot a quick look of confusion at her. "I don't actually. I'm... new here."

"Oh." She looks disappointed. "Yama cut out their tongues and their vocal cords when they were taken. He and I both hate yapping serfs."

I can't even be horrified. I should be, but it almost seems expected at this point. Maybe demons really are monsters.

The old woman smiles at me far too sweetly. "Oh yes, you're such a polite young boy. It's been ages since I saw a male human, I forgot how charming they were. I am Hellga, third born of the Deuterich demon family. We are quite respected among others of our kind, you know."

Her name sounds about as disgusting as she looks. "I'm Jason, but you know that already. Listen, do you mind if I have some privacy?"

She shrugs. "I was hoping for a show, but suit yourself, boy. Make it snappy, we've already wasted enough of Lord Yama's time."

Hellga stomps away ungracefully, and once again I find myself wondering what is going on at this demon slave farm, even as I strip my clothes off and slosh into the remarkably warm water. It's already heated to the perfect temperature.

I shouldn't have turned Lora away. I'd like to have seen what she looked like once she was cleaned up...

...........................................................

I breathe a sigh of relief, finally realizing how much warmer I feel after that bath. While I was in there, Hellga had somehow sneaked in and swapped my nasty clothes out for a fresh pin-stripe suit. She guessed my measurements perfectly, though it feels odd to be wearing a suit in a place like this.

This suit is Japanese inspired, with eight buttons on the front grouped together in four clusters of two, and naturally, it comes in all-black. Yama's staff seem obsessed with that color.

I stand before a large oaken door now, circular in design. Without hesitation, I push it open and stroll into the room, surprised to see three demons here. Yama, two other red-skinned demons, and Blaarjiim's orb all greet me. There's also a lavish meal on the table, though the bulk of it is in front of the only open seat at the front of the table where I will presumably sit.

One of the newcomers, a male wearing a suit even blacker than mine, with eyes the color of rubies, glares at me as I walk forward. "So this is the human, then?"

Yama's small figure seems to be boosted up by a chair that's a bit taller than the others. I'd laugh if I thought it wouldn't make all these demons rip out my throat.

Though... I do wonder if I should really be scared of them.

"Yes. Jason Hiro. I'm sure you're all familiar with the name." Yama's voice is bland, even as his orb-like eyes flick down to the chair I'm to sit at. I calmly walk over and take my seat, being careful not to show any signs of fear in front of these demons. I don't know what's going on right now, but somehow everything continues to feel... familiar.

"How could we not be? He's-" The black-suited demon starts to speak but Yama cuts him off.

"Beelzebub. I'm the one who will do the talking."

The demon, apparently named Beelzebub, licks his lips and smooths his suit down with a practiced movement indicative of years worth of practice. "Of course. My apologies."

I take a moment to evaluate the other demon at the table quickly. He's a big behemoth of a demon, covered in battle scars, with a big flail inexplicably wrapped around his body, yet I feel as if I've seen him before.

The big one growls and picks at his teeth with a pinky. "The assembling of the three emperors, eh? When was the last time we bothered with this?"

"Don't be _thick_, Bael. If Yama wants us to gather, it's obviously for a significant reason." Beelzebub seems to mock the big demon, but he isn't having any of it.

"Are you mocking me, third?"

"No, no, of course not." Beelzebub retreats quickly, and his face flinches as if he had dodged an unseen blow.

While the two new demons have their verbal battle, I reach forward and yank a cookie off a plate before me. It's a plain thing, bland and brown with no special attention given to it, but I'd rather put something in my mouth than nothing. I'm starving. I take a tentative bite and am pleasantly surprised. It tastes like a simple sugar cookie, but it almost seems to be made with the care and devotion of someone who would ache to eat such a delicacy.

I chew it thoughtfully and Yama turns his attention back to me. "Now that the first and third are done squabbling. Let's get to it. Jason, we require your help."

I polish off the cookie and make them wait for a few seconds as I swallow. "Mmm. Is that so? I'd never have guessed."

"This is no time for jesting, Jason. Demonkind have barely been holding on what little territory we can, but there are only so many millennia of losses before we have to prepare ourselves for extinction."

I flick a glance at the door behind me. "You seem to be doing fine with the... slaves."

Yama tosses his hand up lightly. "We only use the chattel because we must. There are simply not enough imps to use as proper servants. You don't seem to grasp how efficiently my people are being exterminated."

He's right. I don't know. Don't really care, either. "These sound like excuses, Yama. I don't see why I'm so important." I dig my spoon into an odd looking brown mush, noting that despite its disgusting looks, it smells pleasant. "Wait, did you say millennia? How long was I inside that cryopod?"

All three demons glance at each other uneasily. "Millions of years." Blaarjiim is the one who answers my question. "Does this surprise you?"

"No... I guess it doesn't..." I murmur softly to myself as I stuff the salty brown mush into my mouth. It tastes a bit like meatloaf, perhaps?

It doesn't surprise me. Nothing does. This all feels wrong, so wrong. This isn't the way things are supposed to be. These demons aren't even the ones I should be talking to, I think.

It's there... on the tip of my tongue. I can't really put it into words, but I'm here for a purpose. What is that purpose, though?

"How did I kill Gressil?" I ask the question nonchalantly, but all three demons flinch and quickly try to hide flashes of anger. It seems Gressil was rather important to them.

"Wordsmithing. The power to make any idea come to reality with a single word. The word has to reflect what you wish to make happen, and there are a few limits to what you can do, but otherwise..." Yama's voice trails off.

"So when I said 'Die', I killed Gressil. That seems... simple." I smile slightly as I look over at Beelzebub. "What if I told you to die, eh, Beelz?"

His eyes narrow to slits. "Don't ever refer to me in such a manner, human. I won't die so easily to a mere word. Gressil was a fool and he ignored the safeguards. He got what was coming to him."

"The safeguards?"

Beelzebub quickly looks away. "Never mind. You wouldn't understand."

I quietly take a sip from a glass of red wine in front of me. "I suppose not. But if you would all stop beating around the bush, that could change."

The demons are hesitating. There's something they aren't telling me, as if they're afraid of what I'll say. Maybe they're afraid for a reason. Maybe they should be.

It's not just because I'm human. The demons need my power, the power of wordsmithing... but it also seems quite deadly. I'm a double edged sword.

Yama surprises me by pulling a black folder out of nowhere and sliding it across the table towards me. "These records should be sufficient."

I quickly grasp hold of it and lift it to my face. _Historical battles._ The white lettering on the front is faded and worn down, but it's in unmistakable English.

The entire room suddenly shakes as a thunderous _boom_ sounds off, seemingly miles away. None of the three demons seem concerned in the slightest, but Yama notices my startled expression. "It's nothing. Human bombing runs. They won't find this place."

Indeed, another servant girl is on the other side of the dining room, scrubbing the floor, and she doesn't pay it any attention at all.

I turn my eyes back to the folder in front of me. This will finally answer the questions that have been plaguing me since I woke up.

I pull back the folder's first page and begin to read.