Part 219a

Everything is going so well now.

The first batch of ten thousand recruits have arrived in my 'secret' base, which is not only no longer secret, it's now classified as a sovereign territory outside all existing country laws, so that the USA can't attempt to seize my technology, tax me, etc.

No reverse engineering is allowed either. All people sent to work here under me must do as I say, when I say it. It's like being a dictator, except the goal is planetary defense and it's for the good of all humanity.

The day has only just begun, yet most of the new recruits are already practicing and learning how to pilot these mecha and spaceships. There have been a few accidents, one of which was quite serious, but the loss of a bad pilot or two doesn't bother me, and I can just clone a mecha or a spaceship if need be.

The only thing nobody is allowed to touch for now is the Mothership itself. I'm currently keeping it as totally restricted access. I could probably clone it, but it's massive and extremely intricate, so to do so would cost me a massive amount of energy. As such, I'm mostly focusing on the smaller fighters.

Leaving behind the crowd of people, as I delegate leaders and various groups to run things for a while, I head into the mothership, noting the lights are all on and the soft, barely perceivable humming of the engine is purring in the background.

"Harold, how are you holding up?" I slide my helmet's mouth cover open as I step onto the bridge and the viewscreen flicks on, and a holographic representation of Harold's face is displayed onscreen.

"Aw, shucks. Well, I'm doin' pretty fine, I guess. It's a bit weird bein' all hooked up to them space 'puters 'n stuff, but it could be worse. Surprisin'ly it's a lot easier ta get used to than I expected."

Using a system I had created myself, I've now put Harold deep inside the ship's core, in a secure locked room where nobody other than me knows his location. Using a special spiritual link, I attached him to the ship's AI, allowing him to be a sort of pseudo-AI that can control everything on-board all at once.

An interesting part of being locked inside the Beacon of Life, as the angels call it, is that he really isn't a human anymore, nor does he have human limits. He still thinks like one, he still thinks of himself _as_ a human, but in the end he is not a human anymore. He has enhanced perception abilities, clear thinking totally unlike before he had died and when he suffered from Alzheimer Disease, and with this new invention of mine it appears he can split himself into several thousand mechanical functions at once.

I'm beginning to wonder if I'll actually need a full crew complement at all or if I should just majorly expand the hangar bays instead.

I've made many automatons on the ship too, which for now serve as the crew manifest. Harold controls all of them. It's kind of amusing to see a big tough robot speaking in a southerner accent.

"Harold, are we about ready to lift off? Today is the day we're supposed to enter Earth's orbit."

"Yeap, I'd say we're ready. But 'fore we do that, you got a message waitin'!"

"A message? Who is it from?" I narrow my eyes as I stare at his face on the screen.

"He says he's one o' them demons you told me about. Calls himself 'Satan', like the name of the actual devil! He sent me a message with a location for you to go to. I dunno if I'd trust him though..."

"Well, obviously one does not simply trust another named after the most vile demon in the bible, but I'm... acquainted with him."

Thoughts roll through my mind. Satan wishes to speak with me? Are he and I not mortal enemies? Even if he doesn't know who I am as he was not in the future, he must surely know I am a Hero, and thusly we should not be speaking.

To be honest though, I really know nothing about him. I only know what Samantha told me when she'd get all starry eyed, and I know of him personally only from our one fight where he defeated me easily. In fact, I'm roughly as powerful now as I was back then, so I assume I'd get defeated again easily if he decided to go on the offensive.

...Or would I? One of the reasons I couldn't beat him was that Amelia had been the first person to protect herself against my wordsmithing, and thusly her puppets as well. But since Amelia doesn't know who I am now, and since Satan isn't her puppet, perhaps a simple 'die' command would instantly kill him? I still have the upper hand so far in that nobody yet knows exactly what my powers are.

I should go out to meet him, soon.

But for now, this is the official launch day. "Harold, I'll ignore that request for now. Today we need to enter orbit so we have a preliminary defense against the Volgrim in case they arrive with hostile intentions."

"Aight, whatever you says, boss. I'm jes' an old man, what do I even know? Dumb ol' stupid ol' man." Harold delivered a harsh critique of himself as he went back to mumbling. Outside the ship, I observed through the screens installed in my helmet and the various useful sensors that the starting thrusters had already been ignited. I guess Harold was more prepared than I gave him credit for.

My helmet and suit are really quite remarkable. They harness my own large amount of spiritual energy to power the various systems inside them, and they possess many systems as a whole. The helmet has a bunch of visual and tactical displays that use radar, infrared, and many other systems to see what's going on around me in a 360-degree view. To be honest, it's like an inferior version of my spatial vision, but I'm keeping that off right now so I can't be detected as a generic Hero by any schlub with a Type 3 Energy Scanner.

There's also an earpiece that allows me to hear things going on around me with pinpoint precision, allowing me to zoom in and hear things through walls if I need to, or hear the sound of a fly buzzing around ten miles away.

My suit also is heavily reinforced, to the point where a nuclear bomb, gamma radiation, basically nothing can penetrate it. It has impact dampeners so that if I get punched into the ground at the speed of sound, it will absorb much of the impact. It also totally muffled my movement when I walk around. I'm absolutely silent all the time, which has led to some awkward encounters.

As I observe the viewfinder at the ship's helm, the engines fire up and the massive hangar door opens, sliding open on the left and right side. It takes nearly ten minutes for the entire thing to fully open, but once it does, the ship is finally able to take itself and liftoff. Of course, I could just teleport myself and the Mothership into space, but this is _so_ much more fun! Well, that and the fact that I probably would die if I tried such a thing.

The ship ignites the liftoff thrusters after the entire hangar has cleared out, people lining the far right and left walls, cheering as they watch Earth's foremost protector slowly glide out of the hangar using anti-gravity engine.

The massive ship eases itself forwards, slowly at first, then faster and faster until it has finally cleared the hangar bay ceiling and doors. Sitting at four stories tall, it is not a small ship by any means.

Once we're flying in the first thousand feet in the air, Harold speaks enthusiastically. "No airplanes or none o' them flyin' around! Yeehaw!"

With that, he ignites the main thruster, and the ship blasts forwards with unbelievable speed. Were it not for the insane gravity dampeners on-board the ship, I would have been hit with at least ten G's, and possibly quite a lot more, standing on board the bridge with nothing to hold on to.

After less than two minutes of rapid flight, we've cleared the upper atmosphere and are flying in the black void of space.

I look around me. The sky is dark, yet filled with thousands, tens of thousands, even millions of visible stars. This is not like being on Earth... you can see every dot in the sky with pristine quality.

The universe is vast, yet 99% of the stars I see with my naked eye are just those within the Milky Way. It's impossible for my human mind to comprehend the vastness of space... some say that if you visited one star, every second, with the goal of visiting every star in just our galaxy, it would take you 126 years to visit all the stars in just our galaxy. Combined with the stars in all the other galaxies? The numbers become mind boggling.

The moon is incredibly big, now that I've escaped the light bending properties of Earth's atmosphere. The sun is unbelievably bright as well, to the point where my helmet had to auto-dim the screen I looked at so I wasn't blinded. In fact-

My thoughts are interrupted by Harold. "Uhh, Jason? I can see another spaceship. It's just 'fore the asteroid belt. You might wanna take a look at this."

What?! Another spaceship, that can only mean- "It has to be the Volgrim. Scan it immediately."