Part 236a:

Commander Beatrix stared evenly out at the battlefield, her jaw set hard into its socket.

Things were looking _grim_.

She had started out with a few hundred warships, and a few thousand fighters and bombers. The enemy had started out with twice their numbers in all forms, and their ships were much bigger, tougher, and possessed far more advanced weaponry. To call this a losing battle was the understatement of the century.

Humanity's numbers were down to less than a quarter of their original numbers. The Volgrim however, had lost _less_ than a quarter of their entire fighting force.

This wasn't a battle anymore... it was an outright slaughter.

She pulled her wrist communicator up and tapped some buttons quickly. "John, is the prime minister back yet? Are reinforcements on their way?"

The response came back badly garbled, as many of Earth's satellites had been blown out of orbit by stray or aimed shots. "...issues. Leave... to us....stay in formation at all times....may not arrive at all, you're on your own up there....and out."

Beatrix snarled angrily. "Son of a bitch! Nobody's on their way, and we haven't a hope of winning at this point."

She fought back incredible rage as she watched yet another volley obliterate the lives of ten men and women flying around in small fighter ships. Things were absolutely, positively hopeless.

"Commander Beatrix! Judicator's personal ship has hailed us! He was able to sabotage their flagship! It's floating dead in space!"

Beatrix rolled her eyes angrily. "Fantastic! That only leaves two hundred and ninety-three capital ships to shit hell on us! At least the biggest ship will be out of commission for a whole hour if we're lucky!"

As she glared at the space in front of Earth, out towards the moon, she bit her lip as rage filled her mind. _Those sons of bitches think they can take down the Bitch of Britain? Not on this day!_

"Captain, target the ships in the best condition. Tell the crew on all vessels to evacuate to escape pods immediately, then set all of our remaining battlecruisers to initiate lightspeed, aimed directly at their ships. If I'm correct, there will be a spectacular amount of damage on the battlefield. The debris will make it impossible to ever launch a ship into orbit around Earth ever again, but I refuse to lose this war like this!"

"C-commander! That's suicide! If all of our ships are gone, even if we make this a neutral result where our forces lose as theirs do, the debris will rain down on Earth, killing thousands, millions, maybe even billions! We won't have any ships left to clean up the mess!"

Beatrix turned her fiery red face towards her second in command to issue a strong, angry retort, but at that moment, her communicator lit up. A calm voice spoke in her head, crisp and clear. "Commander Beatrix. My name is Silver. I am a top secret agent working for the U.S. government. Tell all of your ships to divert all power, every last drop, to defensive systems to hold out as long as possible."

"Silver?! I've never heard of you! How did you get on this secure line? I don't take orders from some nobody!" Beatrix glared angrily at her communicator as she yelled.

"Commander, I have bad news. The White House was attacked, and most leaders of the world's nations were killed in a barbaric attack by an unknown third party. My team is currently investigating. I am taking emergency control of the defense forces, by the orders of the highest ranking dignitary left alive, the leader of Egypt, Representative Saburo. And to be clear, you may ignore my orders if you wish, but I cannot guarantee your survival. This is merely a courtesy to try and help as many of our forces survive as possible."

Beatrix's anger dissipated, ever so slightly. "What are we to do while defending? We'll be torn to shreds if we aren't firing back, unless you have a solution that can save us in the next ten minutes!" As she spoke, her entire ship shuddered mightily as a proton missile blasted away the front of her flagship.

"We have a secret weapon. Do whatever you will. It will fire in one minute's time, whether you are ready or not. Good day." The cold sounding voice, almost robotic in its tone, clicked off. Beatrix spent all of two seconds considering what she had just heard before reaching a decision. "Goddamnit! Belay my previous order! Tell all ships to divert 99% of power to the shields and the remaining power to life support! Hold on as long as you possibly can!" Even as she barked the order, another ship was shredded into pieces, exploding in a ball of fire before the vacuum of space quickly sucked it out to nothingness.

...................................................................

On the surface of Earth, in a bunker deep below a secret base in Nevada, Agent Silver stared at his comms console. "Time to fire, 34 seconds and counting. There's no issue with the transmitter coils, right?"

A man on the other side of the room quickly looked at a data pad and jerked his head back up. "No sir! We fixed that two hours ago!"

"You certainly hope we did." Silver, a 34 year old man of eastern European descent, stroked his small patch of chin hair softly, as he watched the power levels on his screen rapidly rise. 24 seconds left.

The Sword of Damocles, a massive railgun built totally in secret, even from the other nations of the world after the UEF came into existence. It's existence was so secretive that the only way you could know of it was to actively live inside the bunker where it was being built, and you were never allowed to leave. Silver had worked on the weapon for over four years, ever since the first appearance of Judicator, and now today would be the prototype testing phase.

Ten seconds remaining. The sand of the Nevada desert parted unnaturally, as a massive hole opened up in the ground, and a colossal cannon raised up, a spiraling conduit encircling in. The weapon was designed to take a projectile of any size within a certain limit, and fire it at nearly the speed of light. The only downside was that it had a small limit of firing range as far as the area it could target. Luckily, the battle in space happened to be occurring right in that area.

"Ready to launch!" An aide yelled at the top of his lungs.

"Load projectile JM-12. Fire at 10% power. Target the ship at coordinates X:0045B Y:40021J, aim for the dead center of the ship. Let's see how much power the weakest setting can muster."

The aide nodded quickly, pressing the appropriate code to load the first round. After it loaded, he nodded. "Ready!"

Silver turned back to watch his viewscreen, which live-streamed the battle in space from a secret spy satellite installed explicitly for their uses, for targeting enemies within a certain range.

"...Fire!"

...................................................................

Beatrix watched, her hands shaking uncontrollably, as two more of her ships were blasted to smithereens. Their shields came under a massive barrage, as the enemy suddenly began focus-firing all of their shots one-by-one on each ship, totally overwhelming the shields. There were now only 9 ships left.

"This battle... is over." Beatrix stared numbly at her viewscreen, as the enemies finished off another ship, reducing her numbers to just 8. As their fire turned towards her flagship, she closed her eyes halfway, waiting for the final blow.

And at that instant, all hell broke loose. A massive explosion, the size of twenty Hiroshima nuclear detonations at once, lit up the sky in front of her. In the blink of an eye, one of the capital ships exploded into ten million pieces in a ball of fire so fierce that for a second, it dwarfed the brightness of the sun. Beatrix winced visibly against the intensity of the light.

Just as she opened her eyes to look out the plexi-glass window, another titanic explosion occurred, shredding another capital ship into pieces. For the briefest of seconds, she thought she might have even seen a tiny streak of energy tearing through the void of space before it struck a third capital class ship. What the hell was going on?!

...................................................................

Ancient Lunaris looked at the spectacle in front of herself in total bewilderment. Not one to show emotions in over a hundred thousand orbits, her jaw hung open, aghast, as five capital ships were shredded within seconds of one another. Just as she was about to speak, a sixth exploded again, blinding her with its incredible flash of light. Not only that, but debris from the ships exploded outwards like massive heavy chunks of shrapnel, tearing into other nearby ships, dealing colossal amount of damage.

"Umi! What is the meaning of this?! What manner of weaponry are these aliens using to counter us?!"

Even as she asked, another ship blasted apart on the opposite side of her flagship. Whatever was wiping her forces out, it fired extremely quickly and had pinpoint accuracy.

"I apologize, Ancient one. As I told your leaders during our first encounter, the humans have devised many manner of weapons to attempt to invade your world. I lack sufficient data to draw a conclusion about this new weapon, but it appears to be wholly impossible to defend against." As the AI spoke, two more ships were destroyed, and Lunaris ground her fingers into her palm.

"Unacceptable! I will not lose to an unevolved species from a backwater-" Another ship exploded, and she continued ranting. "-from a backwater world! Order the-!" Suddenly, Lunaris felt a horrible, agonizing pain in her chest, as if something were... _missing_.

Her eyes dulled for a moment, as she fell forwards, collapsing on the floor, all energy rapidly draining from her body.

When she slammed into the floor, her eyes flicked back behind herself, to see a strange alien wearing a pure white suit of some sort, his hand aimed at her rapidly dying body.

"Sorry, I can't have the enemy leader bringing unity to the forces, can I?"

She gasped painfully, as the life faded from her eyes. "C-cursed... humans..."

...................................................................

I aimed my hand at the enemy leader, just as she had gotten her wits about her and appeared to ready herself to bark an order. Before she could say it, I aimed my hand at her. " _Vanish_." As expected, in an instant, all of her internal organs were eliminated, vanishing into a nether, never to be found again.

My mouth-piece slid open as I spoke a cocky cliched line. "Sorry, I can't have the enemy leader bringing unity to the forces, can I?" I smirked, as the light faded from her eyes. She mumbled something, but I didn't catch it, nor did I care.

My mouth-piece slid shut as I quickly targeted all the others on the bridge. " _OBEY!_ "

Instantly, their eyes blanked out, and then returned to normal. "Yes, lead us!" They all spoke in unison. My mouth piece slid open again. "Target the nearest Volgrim vessel, and hit it with everything we've got."

My mouthpiece slid shut again and I targeted the cores I had already destroyed. " _Repair_." Fixing themselves up, I rolled my eyes inside my helmet. _I should have just done this the first time._

The bridge officers obeyed and within seconds, while a strange artillery on the surface bombarded and blasted dozens of Volgrim capital ships out of existence, the Volgrim flagship executed a backstab maneuver, killing another nearby ship before they had a chance to respond. The Flagship was heavily armored and shielded, and possessed incredible weapons. In fact, it had probably taken out a quarter of Earth's ships all by itself.

I mentally contacted Harold. "Hey, tell Beatrix to ignore the flagship. Also tell whoever our ally is on Earth to not target us, I'll be taking this for myself."

Harold nodded enthusiastically. "Caaaaan do! Anything ye say, boss!"

...

It took another hour, but with the mass of confusion left by all the recent activity, we only lost two more of our ships and eliminated another half of the remaining Volgrim fleet before they went to warp speed and retreated away from the system, all of them badly damaged. I decided to not pursue them.

I sighed, as I slumped in my suit slightly. Now I only had 500,000 Volgrim on board this vessel to eliminate before I could take it as my own.

And then... something odd happened. A computerized voice spoke to me. One I had heard before... years ago.

"Hello, Judicator. Or, should I say, _Jason Hiro_. A fine display of battle prowess, but is there something else going on here, I wonder?"

My blood chilled to the temperature of the north pole as I glanced at a digitized face covering every navscreen on the bridge.

_Umi_?
