Part 135

My chest heaved and my breath silently escaped as I gasped for air. My clothes were in tatters. Thankfully, Hope was in no better of a position. We've been fighting for thirty straight minutes. Entire sections of the castle are destroyed. He's as badly beaten up as I am. Having absorbed god only knows how many clones, he's unbelievably powerful. But it seems the heroic facade he was putting up in front of the troops is gone now.

We're up on the flat roof of the castle, using it as a battle arena. There are craters everywhere, parts of the roof are sagging or outright collapsed... this place is a mess.

Hope gasps for air as he stares me down with his unseeing hollowed out eyes. "This is... your fault... you know."

My eyes narrow. Hm? He's got something to say?

"You kept playing god. You summoned clone after clone, with no thought of the consequences, forcing us to be meatshields for inferior beings. The whole time, you thought to yourself 'This is convenient!', but you never asked _our_ opinions. You didn't care. We were just stupid puppets to you. And now look how it's come back to bite you in the ass. Ha... hahah..."

I lower my head a little. He is right. I took my abilities for granted. I thought the clones were brainless mute beings who followed orders. Maybe... they were like Beelzebub, stuck in puppet mode. Maybe they were waiting for me to give them freedom to move. A lot of 'maybes' come to my mind, but I know one thing for certain. I messed up.

This clone is incredibly powerful.

He continued speaking. "You made many mistakes, but your biggest mistake was your _stupidity_. Didn't you notice anything wrong with yourself when you summoned clone after clone? They weren't just copying you, they were taking bits and pieces of you, from the outer layers of your heart, to the innermost layers. And as for me? I lucked out. I got the deepest, darkest corner of your heart. You've felt it take over once before. Do you remember it?"

I hesitated. Was he referring to... when I fought Amelia and Blaarjiim... all those years ago? Wait... did those dark pieces of weaponry plant something inside me? Did-

As thought roil in my head, Hope laughs. "Haha, I can practically hear those gears turning in your head. We're not so different, you and I. We both hate _people_. We both hate _humanity_ as a whole, we both hate _annoying little girls_. We just want to be cool and have people admire us from a distance. It's great having fangirls following us around, isn't it? The problem is when they get too close."

He stared into my eyes with his unseeing hollow husks. "You know what I'm talking about. _Nuisances_. Always asking you for orders, telling you their plans, and so on and so forth. Hell, you let two innocent men get devoured by Amelia, just because you didn't _really_ want to help. Am I right? Who's the real demon here?"

I suddenly staggered and fell to the ground, as waves of nausea hit me. Jesus Christ. He's right. I've done so many horrible things. It makes no sense that archangels would trust me with their power. What the hell am I?! I'm a demon in human form! Half the time, I want to kill all of humanity just because of all the problems they cause me. It's... no wonder Adams didn't trust me. I'm wrong for faulting him.

But I hold down the nausea and look up. Hope looks so smug. Adams may be mind controlled, but Hope is still a monster. After I kill him, after I defeat this thing... I'm going to leave here. Humanity will be fine without me. I need to go my own way. I need to leave these humans behind.

From inside me, I feel something appearing. It's... a voice? It's a voice. And it reminds me of a voice I heard long ago.

_God King. You've always had evil in your heart. But you fought to contain it. You fought to be one with it. You won't let a liar and a deceiver tell you about how bad you are, will you? You're only human, you've made mistakes, and you are preventing them. Be easier on yourself._

"Michael?" I speak aloud, suddenly jumping when I realize my voice works. What?! My voice works?! HOW?

_I will give you my own parting gift. You did not come to see me, but I came to you. Speak your mind now, go forth, and become the savior that the world needs._

The voice faded away, and I was left alone with my thoughts.

Hope heard me speak. "Michael? Wait, shit, those damned rings!" He glances at my hand. "I forgot to cut your hand off! Shit, a slip of my memory will not be my downfall! Now it makes sense. Now I know why you're so fucking strong! You CHEATED!"

I raise my head. "I don't cheat, Hope. I always follow the rules. You, however, do not. I'll have to stop you from terrorizing the denizens of this universe, put a seal on you, and go back to living my life."

He jerked his hand up and aimed it at me. **"Silence!!"**

Nothing happened. "Thanks to the powers of the archangels, you can't use simple cheat words on me anymore. But... I can to you."

His eyes jerked open as he realized what I meant.

In the blink of an eye, my hand aimed at him. " _Reintegrate._ "

His mouth opened, but no sound came out. A second later, his energy rushed into my body.

And as powerful as I felt earlier, I feel unstoppable now.

I deftly jumped down to the palace grounds below me. _Cassiel._