Part 439c - Creeping Terror

Cautiously, I eye the battle plan for what must be the twenty-third time. "Elder Kryios, is the ambush in place?"

Kryios runs a finger through her black hair, and her holographic image fizzles for a moment as the time-lag catches up. "Yes, Elder Basil. You really must learn to be less anxious. Ten of our best commandos are in wait aboard their ship. Once we douse them with anti-energy, they'll be defenseless."

A deep wheeze escapes my rotund belly. "And- as for the Sentinel? You're certain it isn't-"

The female interrupts me. As always, Kryios never allows me to finish my thoughts. "The Sentinel is a fake. We've confirmed it's nowhere on their ship. Probably image manipulation or some such trickery, as we should expect from a human."

I nod uneasily, dabbing at my face with a cloth beside me. "We'll leave it to you, then."

The entire roomful of Council-members collectively sighs as Elder Kryios turns away from her holographic projector to speak to someone offscreen. Her image is being projected into the middle of the theater so that everyone can see and talk to her at once, but usually, they leave the discussion to myself and other influential Council-members.

Elder Lozu, one of my subordinates, leans back in his seat and turns to look at me. "I'm relieved. It's no wonder the succubus tried to bluff us. Their tiny crew is mortally vulnerable to anti-energy, so bombarding their ship with it was guaranteed to bring them to their knees."

"Mmm. I suppose so." Reaching to my side, I tap on a console to have one of the Council assistants bring me Kornk, a sweet concoction that suits my fancy. Other Volgrim eat and drink rarely, if ever, but I greatly enjoy the taste of food and drink. It's likely why my internal systems build up so much... _bulk_. "Even so, the fact is that there is likely a Sentinel somewhere in the galaxy. We've never been able to confirm its existence, but I saw the footage myself. It's probably in hiding, waiting to strike when we-"

"Ahh!" Elder Kryios shrieks, an awful noise that makes every member of the Council flinch in their seats. "Something just impacted one of our vessels encircled around the human ship. We're investigating n- what do you mean?!" She pauses, still speaking to someone outside of the holographic projector's range.

"Elder Kryios. A status update. What's going on?" One of the other Council-members leans forward, alarm on his face. "Are the humans fighting back?"

She turns to face her projector, irritation visible. "This is the worst-case scenario. You're all distracting me. Elder Kryios, out."

Her hologram vanishes, leaving everyone in the room to stare stonily where she had been just a moment before, cold sweat running down our backs.

"Get... get me a feed up! I want a readout on the situation from a third party. On the double!"

.............................................

My hands shake, despite my nerves usually being like iron. This can't be possible! We checked their ship from top to bottom! No life signs were aboard, and there wasn't a spot on their spaceship where they could have stashed a Sentinel. Did they take it with them? We detected residual magic energy on their bridge, as well as a small tear in the fabric of space, so it's obvious they left the ship to go somewhere else, but we knew immediately they planned to come back.

So did they take the Sentinel with them? Why would the damned thing be active?! Do they have a death wish? Is it following their orders?!

"Elder Kryios," my first officer, Vili Jorrus, turns to me, panic on his face, "The object that impacted the V.S.S. Jinrex is still unknown. We've scoured security footage over the last minute, but we can't find out anything about it. Whatever hit the ship, it's invisible to all known visual spectrums."

"Have you scanned the interior? Infrared? Ultraviolet? Sonar?" I look at him, pleading with my eyes, but Jorrus shakes his head.

"If this is a Sentinel, we can't track it at all. Four-hundred crew-members have lost their lives already. The death toll is skyrocketing."

He's scarcely finished speaking when a terrific explosion erupts in the distance, several dozen kilometers from our ship's bow. I stare in disbelief as the V.S.S. Jinrex blasts apart into a trillion pieces, each piece of the vessel scattering to the far corners of the void.

"What- what just happened?"

Vili Jorrus taps a few buttons, and his gaze tightens. "The warp core was breached. Data transmitted at the last second indicates it was pierced in seven key areas simultaneously by a microscopic laser, detonating the unstable Trifrancium reserves all at once."

My tongue snakes out, wetting my lips. "Imagine that. Pinpoint precision, near-instant targeting of the ship's weak points. It has to be the Sentinel."

Jorrus slowly bows his head. "The demoness wasn't lying. We can't win against a Sentinel; we're doomed to fail. We need to retreat and cut our losses, immediately."

"Spawn of a Founder." Cursing under my breath, I quickly think about our tactical options. "If that machine is invisible, and we can't track it, a retreat is worse than useless. It can merely stow away on a ship until we come to a stop, and in fact, we may inadvertently ferry it to the new homeworld. It would be better for us to lose this entire system than to flee and bring the parasite with-"

Another explosion in the distant reach of the void blinds me for a moment, before the fireball from the blast is extinguished by the vacuum of space.

Silently, Jorrus taps more buttons, then nods at our scanning officer. "Another warp core breach. This one took less time than the previous. The Sentinel is adapting, and it has quickly learned how our warp cores function."

I jump from my seat and start pacing around, unable to keep still. "If we die here, the Volgarian Empire loses over twenty percent of its reserve fleet. Unacceptable. The Kolvaxians will not give us respite, and we will lose the war with such a loss. What are my other options, Jorrus?"

The nervousness on his face betrays his suggestion before he says anything. "The human, demon, or the angel must have activated the Sentinel when we attacked them. If we remove the anti-energy and let them go, they might recall it."

"Oh, yes, I'll just ask them politely if they can disable the-" I'm cut off as another explosion destroys a third ship. "...Okay, we'll call that a 'maybe.' If we let them go, it may turn out they cannot recall the Sentinel. We don't know if it's following their orders or not. Worse, by letting them go, we lose them as prisoners, and the Sentinel can continue to shred us to pieces."

Jorrus flinches as a fourth explosion flashes again, this one much closer to us than the previous ones. "Do we have a choice? We have to try something! Pride will do us no good. Elder, if we die in the end, it was all for naught."

Wringing my hands together, a million thoughts flood my head. _There are too many Volgrim lives at stake. Every second, the metal monster tears more of our kind to pieces. If I'm to save the empire, I have to give up my pride._

Once the fifth ship explodes, even closer to ours than before, I brace myself internally. "Signal the fleet. Disable all anti-energy and recall our commandos. Open a channel to the human vessel."

A few moments later, the viewscreen swaps, and a delirious human mumbles groggily from his position on the floor. He can barely even move. _Was the anti-energy concentration too high?_ "Human, I am Elder Kryios, leader of the Volgrim enclave in what you know as former Terran space. Your Sentinel is tearing our fleet to ribbons. If you suspend its assault, we will allow you to leave."

The human lies still for several seconds, before twitching his hand. "Cass... Cassiel... Cassiel..." He says a word I am not familiar with multiple times, reaching toward something offscreen, though his arms are apparently quite weak. The anti-energy drained most of his body's strength.

"I do not know what a Cassiel is. If you recall your Sentinel, we will offer our assistance with our team of highly trained medical pers-"

At that moment, our ship rumbles, a deep thudding noise that reverberates and vibrates the air. My heart nearly stops, despite its augmentations, and my blood cools several degrees.

"B-breach! The ship has been breached!" Jorrus's eyes bulge, as does everyone else's. "It's here! The Sentinel is here! What do we do?!"

I've never seen him in such a panicked state. If I weren't an Elder, I'd probably be acting the way he is now. "Jorrus, steel yourself. Jettison the warp core at once. Without the core, that robot won't be able to destroy the whole ship. Hurry."

When I look back to the screen, the human has crawled a half-meter to the side, and his arm extends well beyond what we can see. "Cass... wake up... Samantha..."

_Hm? Is Cassiel one of the females aboard the ship? Perhaps that explains why he's so desperate to say her name._

Muting the audio, I quickly send a message to the ten commandos aboard the human ship. "Move in to assist the targets. Do not harm them; your priorities have changed. Assess their health and see if they require any medical assistance."

"I've jettisoned the warp cores, Elder." Jorrus breathes a sigh of relief. "We're safe."

As if the stars align to prove him wrong, an instant later, the door to the bridge explodes inward, blasting off the frame and smashing into a wall. Everyone on the deck, including me, whirls to look at the attacker.

In a second, Jorrus falls to pieces. His limbs detach and fall from his body, and are followed by his head.

I can't scream, or yell, or do anything to help him. My body isn't working. I'm... falling? Why am I falling?

Oh.

I'm dead.

.............................................

"Get- get your god-damned hands off her..." I can barely squeeze the words out as the armored Volgrim soldiers storm the bridge, grab Cassiel's limp body, and flip her on her back. One of them stomps on her wing, something that would surely cause her great pain, but she doesn't even react.

Samantha is just barely lucid. "Um nngh-" She mutters something unintelligible, but while I lie helplessly on the deck, the Volgrim attackers fit a black mask over her face. Another starts aiming a device over Cassiel's body, scanning her or doing something, but I can't tell what.

Using a strength I can barely describe, I push myself into a kneeling position, as blood drips from my nose and sweat soaks my chest. I've never been so exhausted in my life, but I can't let these mother-fuckers hurt the women I love.

One of them walks over to me, a metal device in his hand, but before he can take me down, I leap at him and summon every ounce of strength I possess as God-King to charge him, slamming him on his back. "You piece of shit! I won't let you hurt them!" Balling up as much strength as I can, I punch that son-of-a-bitch right in the kisser, only to find out that my fists pack as much power as a wet noodle against a rock. My knuckles nearly shatter on the metallic armor, and before I can even cry out in pain, he kicks me off, slamming me on my back.

My steam is gone. Normally, if I ran out of energy, I'd get more from Cassiel, but anti-energy is at its most potent against those with more of it. Since she's an angel, she'll die if her energy is depleted. I can't let that happen!

But... I can't move. I'm seconds away from passing out. I can't protect my girls.

The Volgrim assailant looms over me suddenly, his dark form and shielded face hiding the true danger that lurks underneath. All I can do is close my eyes and accept my fate. All the power in the universe, and I'm being done in by cheaters with their stupid technology. Life... isn't fair.

A second passes, and when I blink my eyes open, the Volgrim warrior isn't there anymore. He's gone.

I turn my head to the left and spot not only Cassiel's still limp form, but a dozen severed body parts. The Volgrim that were around her a moment before are all dead, torn to pieces by something I didn't even see. Just as I wonder what killed them, a metallic foot stomps into view. I recognize it immediately.

"I... Ionis?"

Weak and fragile, like a small animal gasping for breath, my voice is so faint I can barely hear it. Despite this, Ionis picks up on it immediately.

_ORGANIC UNIT JASON HIRO, I HAVE FOLLOWED THE COMMANDER UNIT'S ORDERS AND SUCCESSFULLY DEFEATED THE VOLGRIM AMBUSHERS. I ESTIMATE MY POINT VALUE NOW SITS AT ONE HUNDRED AND NINE THOUSAND, SIX-HUNDRED AND TWELVE. IS THIS NUMBER SUFFICIENT?_

I have no idea what he's talking about. "Yeah... it's fine. Cassiel- can you help Cassiel?"

Ionis's eye shifts to her, then back to me.

_THE FEMALE ORGANIC UNIT HAS BEEN STABILIZED. SEVERAL OF HER INTERNAL ORGANS WERE RUPTURED, BUT I SUTURED THEM AND REPAIRED THE DAMAGE. THE LIFE SIGNS FOR ALL THREE ORGANIC UNITS REGISTER AS NOMINAL. IN ORDER TO EXPEDITE THE REPAIRING PROCESS, IT IS RECOMMENDED THAT ALL ORGANIC UNITS ENTER HIBERNATION MODE UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE._

His stream of technical jargon only makes me feel even weaker. "Hibernation mode? Do you mean sleep? But we're surrounded... we- we gotta get out of here..."

_ALL HIGH-RISK HOSTILES HAVE BEEN ELIMINATED. THIS SENTINEL UNIT WILL EXTERMINATE THE REMAINDER OF THE VOLGRIM UNITS IN THIS SECTOR WHILE THE ORGANICS ENTER HIBERNATION MODE._

My sleepiness seems to leave, for a moment. "No! Ionis, you can't just keep killing. It's wrong." I manage to lift my head an inch, but the ship's gravity feels ten times stronger than usual, so I flop back down. "Please, just take this ship to safety, and wait for us to wake up. I'm begging you. No more killing."

Ionis takes three steps away, just out of my limited vision.

_UNDERSTOOD. THIS UNIT WILL NOT CLEANSE THE SECTOR OF THE VOLGRIM INFESTATION UNTIL AFTER THE ORGANICS HAVE EXITED HIBERNATION MODE._

Ionis pauses for a moment.

_INQUIRY: WHAT IS BREAD?_

I sigh to myself. _I can't answer these ridiculous questions. I'm just too exhausted_. Blackness takes me, and the sweet release of sleep envelopes my mind.

.............................................

"What do you mean, _we can't get in contact with them_? Do you expect me to believe every ship in Sector 14 is gone? Vanished? Destroyed?!"

Elder Lozu takes my anger in stride. "Y-yes, Elder Basil. It was all but confirmed. A twenty-million-gigabit message was transmitted through hyperspace before the failsafe cut it off, but the failsafe was already too late. The Sentinel took over Kryios's command ship and broadcasted a self-destruct code to all the other vessels in the sector. Additionally, it requested, and successfully received data pertaining to our fleet movements, the location of the homeworld, and... well..." He trails off guiltily, as if this were his fault.

It wasn't, of course. It was every Elder's fault. We thought the legend of the Sentinels was just that- a legend. We were wrong. Just one of these monsters wiped out nearly a quarter of our reserves, extending well beyond Sector 16 and into the Contested Regions. _The impact this will have on the Kolvaxian war effort will be unpredictable at best, and result in a total loss for the Volgrim, at worst._

I carefully wrap my shaking hands together and keep them on my lap, under the bench where the others won't see. "So, let me see if I understand the situation. A quarter of our backup fleet is gone, the human, angel, and demon are still on the loose, the Labyrinth is in chaos, and a Sentinel has been awakened. If we thought it couldn't get any worse, this has also given the Kolvaxians a huge advantage. Did I miss anything?"

Several Councilors shake their heads in silence.

Elder Lozu coughs into his fist. "We may have to ask the demons for help."

"Absolutely not." I brush the thought away immediately. "They won't be able to help us win a space-based war, and the last thing we want is them thinking we're in a position of weakness. The only power we have over them is that they've grown used to the idea we're invincible. Besides, it's more likely the demons would team up with the Labyrinthian humans to overthrow us, than that they would assist us against the Kolvaxian scourge."

Lozu's face takes on a melancholic expression. "While we're talking about the Kolvaxians..."

"Oh no." I wheeze at the thought of what comes next.

"...One of the Kolvaxian ships that appeared recently was oddly similar to our prototype designs. Since we have not deployed the prototypes against them, we are not certain of how they obtained its schematics... but..."

A nearby Councilor curses under her breath. "It is as we thought. When they overtake the host, they take the memories as well. Losing a fleet commander to the Kolvaxians has cost us more than we expected."

"Indeed. The parasites have an endless capacity for theft and espionage. We have to be on the alert." I tap my wrist thoughtfully. "I remember when once we thought they were dumb, mindless drones. Only in recent millennia have we finally began to realize how nuanced their minds are. We must capture a living specimen, or we will never defeat them."

Elder Lozu frowns. "A query. What are we to do with the remainder of the population in Sector 16? They are still alive on the fourth planet, after all. We could attempt to evacuate them."

"We can't spare the ships for that kind of operation, especially with the Sentinel still in that sector. We should hope the machine has mercy in its programming, or else the planet is doomed. That is all."

With a flourish, I pull up the death tolls. "Now, let us discuss how we are going to replace the fleet vacancies caused by the Sentinel's onslaught."