Part 118:

Things are getting complicated.

I rubbed my eyes as I sat down at the table and started to eat the breakfast Phoebe had cooked for me a few minutes ago. Bacon, eggs, and some interesting red and green stuff I hadn't seen before, all summoned with my power and cooked by Phoebe.

I feel _tired_.

I'm stretched thin nowadays, constantly teleporting between the labyrinth and Hero City, and constantly having to replace clones killed in battle by the Grez means I sleep more than I used to. Ten years ago, I was able to stay awake for eight months at a time because I was always buffing myself with 'Stamina' and simply resting myself with a spell, but I don't have the energy to do that now.

And I sleep a lot. I slept for 14 hours last night, and that was a shorter night. As my thought and spiritual energy supply becomes bigger and bigger, recovering it when it's empty takes longer and longer. But, at least it's worth it.

Hero city is booming. I explained the basic fundamentals of electricity to Captain Adams, and he started running with it. Now we have 24 clones, four days worth of summons, constantly resting and then waking up to summon coal and oil and gasoline all the time.

But, this is interesting. I myself cannot summon either of those three things. I can't wrap my head around the atomic structure of their composition, yet my 24 clones can. Adams named them EN-1, EN-2, etc, since they manage the Energy sector of the city. I just don't get it. How can my clones summon oil, or gas, or anything else I can't? Aren't they supposed to be inferior, stupid, weakened versions of myself?

And speaking of inferior, everything about myself is beginning to feel inferior. I keep having minor and major slips of memory. I went outside half dressed this morning, only realizing when Phoebe blushed awkwardly at me. Luckily, it was the top half that I had forgotten, heh.

But... despite my issues, the war effort is booming. The Grez were a significant challenge at first, but by using a variety of spells and weapons that freeze them in place, we're able to cut their mobility down to zilch and defeat them efficiently now. Things are... looking up.

I just can't shake this feeling, this odd feeling that something is not right in the labyrinth. For a few years now, that feeling that used to plague me day in and day out, that feeling of being _watched_, it no longer seems to afflict me. Perhaps whoever was watching me is now confused by the presence of all my clones. Maybe that being has lost the scent of me and is confused by identical spiritual energy coming from all places at once.

I just don't know anymore. I don't know anything.

...................................................................

Adams smiled at me as I entered his War Room once again. I was stunned to see an incredible moving hologram floating in midair above the table. It was a hologram of the _labyrinth_ and it shifted around based on the current makeup of the place at any given moment in time.

"Adams..." I gasped as I took the sight in. "How did you... when, wha-...?!"

Adams smiled as he absorbed my reaction. "Like it? There was a promising young recruit with a large amount of technical know-how we rescued from an advanced world while you were sleeping. I let him borrow the Crown of Solomon for a few hours, and he managed to create this exact image you see here. It's fully manipulable, zoomable, and-"

I cut him off as the smile on my face instantly disappeared. "Adams. You... let someone else... 'borrow' the crown? Do you realize just how dangerous that is?"

Adams halted his sentence as my gaze went from lighthearted to serious. "I mean, yes, it could have been dangerous, but I had four clones standing nearby in case he tried anything, and as you can see the ends justified the means! Now you will be able to wear the Crown into battle more often while I use this to plot strategy!"

I shook my head. "Adams, that was a dangerous game you played. The crown, once put on someone's head, cannot be taken off unless they themselves wish to take it off. Don't you think you're being a little too carefree with it?"

Adams shrugged hesitantly. "I guess, but you can take the crown off if they die, right? Meaning, if someone were to try and wear the crown, killing them would allow you to take it back."

I stared at him. This is strange. Adams hates killing other humans. He'd never suggest something like that normally. "Adams, it's unlike you to think of killing another human as an acceptable thing to do. The demons are our enemies, or have you forgotten?"

Adams waved off my criticism with a hand. "Of course, of course, but he was just a kid, and no harm came of it. I was very sure that he would do nothing bad, and as you can see, it paid off in dividends! If I had thought there was even a 1% chance of a betrayal, do you think I would have given him the crown?"

I paused as I considered my answer. "No... I suppose not but..."

I looked back at the crown that Adams was wearing. Does the crown change a person's personality? I've started changing as a person since I entered this labyrinth. Maybe it was the horrors I faced, maybe the crown changed me, maybe Blaarjiim and Hoarhiim did, maybe it was any one of a hundred factors. I speak more formally now, I walk with more reverence and confidence... I'm definitely different. But I'm also thirty now, and was in my teens when I entered. Could this be the result of a simple maturing, or something _else_.

I stared at the crown on Adams head. "I think I should like to hold onto the crown for a while."

Adams smile faded. "Slayer... you don't think... I would intentionally betray you?"

I squirmed inside. This was getting uncomfortable. What if he said no? "Ah, it's not that. I simply need help mentally nowadays. You know, I'm very scatterbrained as of late."

Adams slowly nodded as he looked into my eyes. "I... see. Very well then."

Reaching up, he placed both hands on the crown, slowly and hesitantly lifting it off. Before handing it to me, he seemed to gaze at it with sorrow in his eyes. Just as quickly as the emotion was there, it vanished as he handed it to me.

"As you wish. I care not." He smiled and chuckled, though it seemed uncomfortable to me, as his eyes darted away. "It's a small thing anyway."

"Yes..." I said, as I placed the crown on my head. As usual, the rush of mental brilliance streamed into my head all of a sudden, and the fog I had mentally felt as of late floated away, and suddenly I could breathe again normally.

And then, I realized something startling, thanks to the abilities of the crown.

Adams was lying about something.
