Part 412b: Maelgamish

I walk up to the door at my suite and pause to reflect on the day so far. Marie is gone for a little while, though to where, I don't know. I have free reign to change things as I wish, and she thinks she's going to bring back an elite squad to take me down unless I prostrate myself and lick her feet. That isn't going to happen.

I've been trying not to make any waves in the previous Jason's life, but that can't happen anymore. His existence was boring as sin. Other than a beautiful wife, he had nothing going for him. He was a pawn in Marie's plans, a puppet she pulled strings to make him dance. That isn't me, though. I'm not a hero for good, but I won't stand to watch a corrupt society that I have the power to fix. He let Marie do whatever she wanted, no matter the human cost. I will make humanity stand up for itself and evolve.

The door opens, and I walk inside, expecting to see Sarah. Instead, I see that same goddamn demon dog, now sitting on the other side of the room, observing my every move. He doesn't howl or growl at me, but his many eyes follow me as if he's waiting for me to slip up. Seriously, how did anyone decide that having a monster like this in the house was a good idea?

"Nice doggy... is Sarah home?" I take a few steps to position myself behind the kitchen counter, and the house's female AI speaks up.

"Sarah Hiro is not at home presently. She is at Marcus Atkins residence until late tomorrow night."

I can't help but scowl. Damn. I wanted to relieve some tension, but now I can't. "Computer, who the fuck is this Marcus Atkins guy?"

The computer beeps soothingly. "President Atkins is the leader of the Alpha-Centauri sector, and one of Sarah Hiro's seven interim sexual partners."

_Oh._ He sounds important. Why does she have seven other lovers though? Aren't we married? Does marriage count for so little in this society?

Well, the more I think about it, the more it makes sense. Supposing humans lived for millions of years, 'til death do us part' wouldn't make much sense since dying would be so rare. It makes sense she would have many lovers, and I probably do as well.

"Computer, how many interim sexual partners do _I_ have?"

The female voice doesn't even pause to consider it. "None."

WHAT?! This is an outrage! Disgusting! How does the most powerful man in the galaxy, the man standing at the top of the human hierarchy, not have two dozen women by his side at any given time?!

I have to collect myself for a few seconds, carefully keeping an eye on that mutt as he shifts slightly where he sits. Even as I ponder the previous Jason's complete lack of sexual conquests, memories flow into my mind. _Long work days, hours spent sitting at conference tables overseeing the smooth running of the human empire, never-ending work that threatens to engulf his very soul._ The man simply didn't have the time, since all he ever did was work.

Well, when I think about it in that way, everything clicks into place. Sarah doesn't have a lot to do when I'm not around, so I guess she flits from man to man while her husband burns the midnight oil. Heck, based upon the total lack of angry emotions I didn't feel from the previous Jason's memories when she told me she was heading over to President Atkins' place, it must have been something she did a lot, and he didn't mind.

More things bug me about this relationship, though. Why is she going over to this hot-shot's suite? He sounds important in the political world. It can't just be that she likes him for his personality.

"Computer, what are the names of every one of Sarah's interim lovers? Display their names and faces on the wall viewscreen for me."

The computer blandly does as I ask, and I stare at it, surprised by the results. Five men and... two women? But, curiously, with their biographies plainly visible, the pattern instantly emerges. Every single one of these people is a political leader that runs vast areas of the galaxy. I technically lead all of human-kind, symbolically and politically, but my primary focus is the Sol System, the heart of humanity, the final stronghold in the case of a mass invasion. These other people though, they command regions such as the Lirius system, the Sirius binary star cluster, Procyon, and many others.

Why, though? Sarah is an innocent soul, one who devours food sloppily in a way that would disgust a child. She acts like a child, thinking of herself only with no regard for others. I could see her wanting to have fun and get away from her dull, stiff-necked husband, but other than that there's no reason to target these powerful men and women. Something else is going on, and I'm going to get to the bottom of it.

Suddenly, to my side, the dog stands up, the movement happening so quickly that I jerk back slightly. I'm so tired of looking at this animal. It's hideous, terrifying, and doesn't belong here.

I glance around the room quickly. Timothy isn't here, since I can't sense any other minds on the same floor, nor the one below me.

"Sorry, beast, but I warned you your days were numbered." I take a step towards it, and it growls savagely at me. "I wasn't so much scared of you as what killing you would do to my relationship with Sarah. But now, I won't have to worry. I've thought of a great cover story!"

With a quick yank from my telekinesis, I yank open the door to the balcony, and then hurl the animal back, shoving it over the ledge as it yelps in fright. For a split second, I almost feel regret, but it fades away as quickly as it started.

"Goodbye, mutt." I walk over to the edge and watch its massive body flail as it falls over a mile down, passing the cloud cover to where I can't see it anymore.

I never liked that beast. When Sarah asks, I'll just play innocent, and act as if he fell off the ledge. Maybe someone kidnapped the terrifying four-legged monster. I don't care, but now that he's gone, I can breathe a little easier.

"Ah, it's you. I wondered." A masculine voice speaks up behind me, and I leap in fright and spin to face him. To my surprise, the face is one I've seen before.

"Beelzebub? What are you doing here?!"

The Third Demon Emperor yawns mightily and blinks at me. "Saving one of my precious puppies. Luckily I heard its scream of terror and saved it just in the nick of time." He tilts his hand to the right, and I realize the hellhound is standing beside him. I had been so startled by Beelzy's appearance that I missed it entirely.

"That... that _thing_ is yours?! What is it doing in my house, and why does everyone accept it so easily? It's a monster!"

"Calm down. It's just a hellhound. The only reason it doesn't like you is that it bonded with the former Jason, and not yourself. That was an oversight on my part. As for why everyone accepts it so easily, that is because what you see is not what everyone else sees."

Beelzebub nods at me, as if he explained everything perfectly. I wait for him to elaborate, but he doesn't. "What is it that everyone else sees?"

"An ordinary dog, a Black Labrador to be exact. You have been joined with Blaarjiim and were touched by the spirits of many demons during your stay in Hell. Only you can see through the disguise of this animal."

"Oh. That explains why Sarah seems to think he's a fluffy puppy. I wish I could look at him the way she does, except I can't help but feel like he's going to tear me apart."

Beelzebub nods. "I see your point. In any case, this hound was here in order to monitor the goings-on of the previous Supreme Commander. If you'd like, I can remove her from your residence."

"Her?"

"Yes. She is female." Beelzebub tilts his head slightly to glance at the dog's underside. "I think."

"Well, if I can be on friendly relations with the animal, err, _Skippy_, then I suppose she could stay-"

Beelzebub interrupts me. "Excuse me, but did you just call her... Skippy?"

"Well, the other Jason named her, so that wasn't my idea."

Beelzebub rolls his eyes. "Her proper name is Maelgamish. Devil's sake, you humans ruin everything you touch."

"You're telling me. Anyway, I'll keep her here, if you prefer. At least now things are clicking into place. You're not spying on _me_ though, are you?"

Beelzebub blinks in surprise. "Quite the contrary. I have heard about today's killing of Benjamin Brown, however. A contact inside of Heaven was quite surprised when he told me the news; then I found out about the splashes you've been making. I trust these will not affect demon-kind?"

The moment of truth. Frankly, I owe the demons little to nothing. I don't like the vile ways they operate, but humans have their own issues. I have to focus on my species first before I even think about what comes next for the demons.

"We will see."

Beelzebub doesn't even bat an eye. "I'd say you are full of surprises, but somehow this is precisely the response I thought you'd give. Be warned that if you fight the demons, you will also have to fight Yama. I have witnessed Yama's power only one time, and that event was all the incentive Marie needed to convince humanity's leaders not to press the demons any further."

I lean against the wall behind me. "Sounds serious, what happened?"

"He killed three billion humans in six hours. The resulting souls that poured into him increased his power even further, and he threatened to tear civilization apart. I'll spare you the details."

Yeah, I wouldn't want to know precisely what happened, no way. Still, Yama sounds like a living doomsday device. I can't underestimate him. Three billion people? That's almost half the population of Earth back when I froze myself.

"Yama sounds mighty, but isn't he just the Second Emperor? What about Bael? Bael is the First Emperor, so isn't he much stronger?"

"I wonder about that sometimes myself." Beelzebub sniffles slightly and pats the black demon dog on the head. "I will leave Maelgamish in your care. I took the time to properly bond her to you, so she will not be hostile anymore."

"That desperate to avoid the question, huh? Well, whatever. By the way, be sure to let Yama know that Marie is aware of the stasis container that holds the previous Jason. I would like to have it in my possession, if possible."

"You think you can protect it more effectively than Yama? Impossible. The instant anyone sets foot in his domain their life is forfeit as he chooses. It will stay with him and will be quite safe."

For some reason, this pisses me off. "That guy is effectively me. This isn't about being safe or not safe; I want control of his body. Tell Yama I'll be there to pick it up soon, and that's the end of it."

Beelzebub's eyes harden. "Stealing from Yama is inadvisable."

"It's not stealing if the thing I'm taking doesn't belong to him."

"The Supreme Commander's body doesn't belong to you either, human." Beelzebub suddenly looks almost as pissed as me. I take a step forward, then pull back.

"Just give Yama the message. We'll settle this when the time comes."

"I hope you won't later regret that decision, Jason. Have a pleasant evening."

Beelzebub vanishes a moment later after making a motion with his hands. His departure is so abrupt that I'm left staring at where he was standing for a second or two until I turn my attention to the hellhound. She stares back at me, her tongue flopping out of her mouth as she pants slowly.

"Oh, don't you even _try_ to look cute, you ugly mutt."

"Awrr?"
