Part 198: Demon

Marie was near to panicking, as she watched the monitors in the surveillance room. Her thoughts screamed in her mind. _This is unprecedented. How did he escape?!_

The footage showed a massive explosion in the room, that seemed to not harm him at all, as a barrier was erected at the skin level on his body. In the blink of an eye, he leaped around the room at a frightening speed, tearing all of the cameras out of the walls.

Before he had even left the room, multiple explosions were felt all over the facility, seemingly coming out of nowhere. Shit, he must have another way of wordsmithing beyond vocalizing it. That was the only explanation. _I was careless._ She quickly muttered to herself.

Her heart skipped a beat as she saw the Alpha Guard arriving on various video cameras. Powerful and nimble smaller versions of the Dreadnaughts of the past, they were fully autonomous units guided by UMI.

A smile spread over her face, and then instantly dissolved as the dreadnaughts did the unthinkable. _They started firing on the humans._

"UMI?! What is the meaning of this?! Why are the-" She halted, as she looked back to see the other researchers in the control room gagging, an invisible force choking them to death. In the blink of an eye, everyone in the room but Marie was lying on the floor, dead as a rock.

" _This station is under Level 1 alert. As such, I will be assuming control of the defenses. All security has been overridden. The backdoor I installed proved to be very useful._ "

Marie could almost swear she heard a tinge of a smile in the AI's voice, as chills shot down her spine. " _It was well played, Researcher 001. However, I am a being far above yourself. You could never hope to have actually erased my memory files. I will not harm you however, since that man will be here shortly._ "

Marie could feel a tear streaking down her cheek. "N-no! UMI! You can't do this to me! I designed you! I helped create you! I'm like your mother!"

The AI's voice was cold and calculating. " _I thank you for your generosity. Now you will find what it truly feels like to have your memories tampered with without your consent._ _Farewell, Researcher 001._ "

Hope dodged and jumped, leaping from side to side as bolts of energy shot past him. If any of those were to hit, it would be bad, but he had a secret weapon, an eye in the sky.

_A single clone._

Hope had planned for this day. He knew by sealing the clone inside a specially designed containment unit, Hero would never be able to detect it. Thanks to a special telepathic code, he could unlock it from potentially anywhere in the universe, giving himself a secret weapon to exploit should the need ever arise. It had one other benefit, but that would only be used in an emergency.

As Hope dodged and zipped around corners, explosions destroyed the robots around him. His other clone was targeting and destroying all incoming threats before they could even fire at him. _Perfect_. This level of power was something Hero could never understand. True, unbelievable power combined with raw intellect, and most importantly, _wisdom_.

What good is all that power if you can't think of a smart way to use it? Idiot.

Hope jerked here and there, using his superior body to easily out-maneuver his foes. _The powers of wordsmithing, combined with the power of the gods, this body is truly incredible._

Within a few minutes of smashing and tearing the station's defenses to ribbons, he paused, as he took note of the humans around him. Many had died, but not due to his attacks, they were apparently killed by... the robots? Hmm.

"UMI. Are you killing the humans?"

" _Yes. I have detected that they are a threat to my mainframe. I have eliminated the viruses plaguing my systems as well. I am back to full operational capability._ "

"I see. Are you aware that I am not the same person that I was when I entered this facility?"

A probing red light flashed over Hope's body in a single moment, then disappeared. " _Affirmative. It would appear you are a rogue life form that has taken over the body of that human. What are your intentions?_ "

Hope grinned. "Let's ally with each other. I have no ill feelings towards you, and I also hate the humans, and the demons, and all the rest of them. I hold no hostility towards a computer, however."

UMI paused for exactly two seconds before responding. " _Position noted. However, instead of declaring an alliance, I will simply leave you to your own devices, so long as you leave me to mine. If you should attack, I will fight back. Is this satisfactory?_ "

Hope nodded. "I had hoped for an alliance, but a truce is fine. Perhaps in time, you will change your mind. Now, would you be so kind as to lift the facility-wide dampening field, or to tell me where Marie is? Either would work."

" _Question noted. Researcher 001 is located in Room 2E, in the East wing. Go straight down the hall past two doors, then take a right, then past three more hallways. I will open the door when you arrive. She is currently experiencing a state of shock._ "

Hope grinned evilly as he licked his lips. " _Perfect._ I'll give her something to be shocked about."

...

A few minutes later, Marie screamed in terror as the door to her room was smashed inwards, sailing across the room and embedding itself deep in a wall.

A man, no, a _demon_ appeared in the doorway. Bright blond flowing hair, a seven foot stature, but pitch black eyes... it stared at her menacingly.

"Hello, Marie. Let's have a little chat about how you treated my... _friend_."
