Part 223a

I watched silently on the Mothership's scanners as the Volgrim ship turned away and blasted off into space. After a few moments, I found myself breathing again. I had held my breath as they left, though for what reason I did not know.

Many feelings float around inside my heart, as I stare at the stars suspended in outer space. The Volgrim... they look terrifying, they appear monstrous, but they seem to understand the concept of neutrality. They seem to understand that war is bad. While I was scared of their appearance, they were scared of humanity's warlike tendencies. But then again, might they have been rusing me? What if they pretended to hate war, but really they were a galaxy conquering parasite? They far outmatch humanity's current capabilities. They might be back tomorrow, a week, a month, even a year with thousands of warships.

How can we win? Should we try? Will they even attack at all?

I don't know much about this time period. In fact, I know little at all. I know that soon, if not now, we should be starting the Energy Wars. Have I averted them already? Have I caused them to occur sooner? Have I simply continued on the course already set by Time itself? I don't know. I don't know anything. Right now, it seems peaceful, but... appearances can be deceiving.

As I sit there thinking, I decide to not worry about it. I need to make sure humanity is prepared. I've spoken to the humans, I've spoken to the angels, and now I need to try and speak with the demons. In the future I come from, they are an oppressive controlling force that has wiped out the angels and enslaved humanity, or at least put them in pocket dimensions... or worlds... or something.

...You know, come to think of it, it doesn't really make sense. From everything I know of the demons, they have no reason to keep humans around. Angels need humanity for thought energy to be converted to spirit energy so they won't die. Humans need humans because... well because we're kin, I guess. Demons don't need humans. They should be innately immortal. Maybe they need us for food? No, because Samantha was a demon and she ate perfectly normal 'human food'. What did they need us for, anyway? Did they only keep us around for their amusement?

More importantly, why the pocket dimensions or other worlds? What was the point of that? What do demons gain from placing humans into pocket dimensions, and then depriving them of technology until they are essentially in the stone ages, or medieval ages? Did the demons put humanity there themselves? Did humanity volunteer themselves to save their lives? I remember hearing of a 'truce' from Marie. She said it happened at the end of the Energy Wars. How did it work out? What was the point?

Ahhh! I have so many questions, and they're all so important, yet nobody can answer them! If only I'd pressed Marie a little bit more for answers... damn!

Again, I need to take a deep breath, and ignore it. It matters, right now especially, but I won't get answers to such open-ended questions by talking to myself.

I walk to the rear of the ship, stepping onto one of the teleporter plates I had used only a few minutes earlier to enter the Volgrim's ship. "Harold, send me down to the surface. Somewhere in New York City would be ideal, I don't care where."

"New York City, eh? Why the heck're you headin' down there?" Harold eyeballs me a little as he appears in my vision. "Hardly seems like th' kinda place ya'd need ta go to for any particular reason."

I shrug. "I can't think of any better place to find demons. I know a lady friend of mine is probably still there."

Harold shrugs. "Suit yerself. Hope ya find her!"

In the blink of an eye, I'm suddenly standing at the base of the Statue of Liberty. Oho, Harold seems to have a sense of humor, putting a new arrival in the Big Apple where the Lady can greet me, and right after I mentioned a lady friend too. He's a cheeky old man, I'll give him that much.

I glance up at the Lady as I eyeball her torch. You know, I've always wanted to go up there, just once.