Part 415b: Purity, Falsehoods

"King Zeus has returned!" I look up from a weekly report and listen as a palace guard yells out. All around me, other angels jump to their feet and bow at the waist, while I take a few seconds to stand up from my chair and bend only slightly. Zeus marches through the doorway, his kingly demeanor making all pause their breathing for a moment or two.

"Ah, Gabriel, there you are." Zeus walks over to me, so I stand back up to my full height of a few feet taller than him. "I've just returned from the Human Realm."

"You were gone a long time, my lord. Three days, by my count. How did your trip end?"

The other angels in the large room silently return to what they were doing. Here in the palace, only pure-bloods are allowed to enter, and while most of their duties are ordinarily ceremonial, those in the Holy Chamber are tasked with the job of maintaining order among ten trillion pseudo-angels and a hundred thousand pure-bloods. Merely counting their numbers for the twice-per-century census is a daunting enough task.

Zeus walks past me, and I follow behind him, the two of us entering the King's Hall, a room with a most splendid golden throne, gifted to our kind tens of millions of years ago by the leader of humanity, Jason Hiro, during his rise to power. Two massive golden wings spread out from the back of it, while the seat and backrest are covered with a dark maroon-colored padding, which Zeus has assured me is luxuriantly comfortable.

The king takes his seat and glances around at the currently empty Benches of Judgment, where ruling pure-bloods would be called to sit if an angel should need to be punished for crimes against his or her species. Luckily, those benches have not been used for eons, but still, they are faithfully dusted and cleaned every day by the lower-class pure-bloods.

"My trip went well, as always. Uneventful, even. I tried to inquire with the Supreme Commander about my proposal, but he was rather distracted. Well, now that I think about it, there was a rather grisly murder at the end of the meeting."

Zeus waves his hand flippantly. I wait for him to explain, but he doesn't continue. "A murder, my king?"

I lean back against a pillar to one side of the throne and Zeus sighs. "Ah, yes, you know how humans are. They haven't had a taste of murdering demons for a long time, and they've grown accustomed to peace, so naturally, they will quarrel with one another. It appears that one of the high-ranking humans on the council, Danis Thornum, a person I've only heard of in passing, was violently killed by a single decisive strike as he exited the War Council."

A feeling of alarm washes over me, and I pull slightly away from the pillar to advance a step towards Zeus. "A political assassination? You were in danger! How could the humans allow something like this to happen?! Where was the security? The respect for your life?!"

Zeus raises his hand. "Calm thyself. I am the King of Gods. It would require an organized human army to take me down, even when I am alone, especially given the energy treaty the humans signed. If they wished to kill me, they would be better served to cut off their prayers for a thousand years before launching said assault."

My aura changes and I soothe my ruffled feathers. "Apologies, my liege. I meant no disrespect to your awesome power. Speaking of that power...?"

Zeus sighs. "As I said, Jason Hiro would scarcely even look at me. If we could just get him to increase the human breeding speed by even a single percent, it would help speed the process considerably."

"Mmm. Still, a single pure-blood every thousand years is exemplary, Lord Zeus. I am impressed you figured out how to create more of my kind in the first place. You are a visionary among our people."

Zeus stands up from his chair and paces over to the gated window to stare out at the Towers of Heaven, human-built constructions that allow tens of trillions of half-breeds to live in relative peace, away from the ruling areas where we pure-bloods live. These buildings resemble the stratoscrapers that humans construct on their worlds, but with added flair to make them more palatable to gaze upon. The Towers of Heaven have softer, rounded edges, and offer many spaces for angels to fly at and land inside, since we do not need hovering vehicles as humans do.

"A visionary, perhaps. The angels have made many sacrifices and have had to lower the barriers for entry repeatedly to convince humanity of our goodwill, but the results are worth it. I remember a time when Angels were on the verge of extinction, back when our numbers were half as many as they are now. Can you believe how far we've come?"

I nod silently and walk over to stand beside him. On the palace steps outside, several angels are lounging and chatting amongst themselves, having fun. "We cannot be complacent, though, my king. Have you considered the Volgrim representative's request?"

Zeus chuckles. "I wouldn't trust a human as far as I could throw him, though admittedly I could hurl him quite a distance if I so desired. Even then, having to live off the energy of a deceitful species we know is still a better choice than living off one we do not. I will continue to refuse the Executor's offer unless our relations with the humans worsen substantially."

Zeus pauses to look at me meaningfully, his aged eyes hiding a great deal of wisdom. "The Volgrim's numbers are paltry compared to that of humanity. The only way we could survive is if we purged the false ones from our ranks, and you know what Uzziel would say."

"What _would_ Uzziel say?" A voice speaks up from behind us, and we both turn to locate its speaker. An old angel hobbles along, leaning on his cane, with a great bushy beard nearly touching the floor due to his slouched posture.

"Archangel Raphael, I'm happy to see you again! We haven't spoken in a few weeks, have we?" Zeus spins around to examine the ancient one, and Raphael coughs into his hand. "We were just discussing some conflict that erupted among the humans. There was some form of political assassination directed at one of their kind while I was visiting during official business."

Raphael nods and clutches his chest, then wheezes slightly as he pulls back to sit down on one of the Benches of Judgment. "That is troubling news, King Zeus. I-" He coughs again and continues talking. "...I was wondering what they might be up to since they have been holding war council meetings more often."

I interrupt Zeus before he can speak. "Are you still plagued by that cough, Raphael? You sound raspier than you were in the past."

Zeus nods. "Angels don't get sick, Raphael. Certainly not archangels. I've been asking around, but I can't find the source of what ails you. Feel free to solicit our aid if you need any assistance."

Raphael wheezes and smiles painfully. "Ahh, it's nothing, youngsters. I'm certain it's just old age, nothing to be concerned about."

"Hmm, but angels don't age in the way humans do. I find that hard to-" Zeus starts to say something else, but Raphael cuts him off.

"Cheh... I'm not dying, Lord Zeus, so have no concerns about my well-being. This too shall pass."

I share a glance with my king, but we both shrug. This ancient angel has his pride, so it's better to just investigate in secret. I turn back to Raphael. "As you wish."

Zeus swallows heavily. "On to more pleasant topics. In five more years, I will have amassed the energy required to create a new pure-blood. The last thousand years have been relatively peaceful, but I sense humanity is getting restless."

"Is this why you wish to increase humanity's energy output?" I ask the question and glance over at Raphael, who nods along silently.

Zeus clears his throat. "If I can make humanity increase their thought-energy output, I might be able to shave decades off the pure-blood creation time. Above all other things, though, we mustn't let humans know what we are using the energy for. They have no grasp of the scale of our energy needs, so as long as we can maintain that illusion of a desperate energy need just to stay alive, they will not take us seriously."

Raphael shakes his head. "I had not thought my kind would ever resort to lies and trickery, but in truth, humanity's ability to eradicate us makes any military force we might exert rather meaningless." The old one raises a bushy eyebrow. "Though, this must be why you were speaking about a purge, hmm?"

Zeus and I both shift uncomfortably. I decide to answer Raphael's question. "Brother, you must understand... the fringe elements of human society have realized that a relatively cushy life awaits them in Heaven. I have seen a 5% increase just in the last decade of people killing themselves to ascend to Heaven. These low-level degenerates threaten Zeus's ability to create more pure-bloods. Every half-breed we're forced to admit is just a drain on-"

Raphael raises his face and glares up at me, an expression he rarely makes. "A drain, yes, but have you thought nothing of what is going on in the human's soc-" He pauses to hack into his hand before continuing again. "-the human's society? Because we make ever increasing demands for their birth rates, they are unable to keep up their food production and energy production. They are at a standstill with the Volgrim negotiations. They have been very generous with births up to this point, so why not simply have patience? We have all the time in the world to wait, and eventually, our kind will flourish once again."

Zeus licks his lips and turns his head back slightly to look out the window, even as he crosses his arms. "I respectfully disagree, Archangel Raphael. Your wisdom and ability to separate bias from both sides is always appreciated, but I do wish you would care more for your own species' survival. The lower elements of the pseudo-angel society contribute nothing, and merely consume our energy. They are an anchor we have willingly tied to our legs."

Raphael grimaces and stands up to walk away. "If the humans fall, we fall as well. Putting your trust in the Volgrim, while purging all the undesirables from our society... that is a recipe for disaster. What reason would the Volgrim have to trust us if we killed our previous hosts?"

Neither Zeus nor I respond, and merely watch as the old one shuffles out of sight, closing the great doors behind him.

The King of Gods turns to me and smiles half-heartedly. "He's not wrong. However, the Volgrim have a rigidly structured society. They understand law and order. They would be a sufficient backup if the worst were to happen."

"Perhaps." I look past Zeus, out the window, to the pure-bloods and half-breeds flying around between buildings in the distance. "I just like the way things are now. I wish they wouldn't change. Peace, prosperity, no threat of a demon invasion, and no humans visibly ready to turn on us... this is what I have always wanted."

Zeus's smile solidifies, and he squeezes my shoulder. "Aye. Just remember; during the worst of times, stick to kin. You can always trust your own people."

"I can't disagree with that."

............................................

Ben and I stomp down the streets, having left the dog in the ship to eat at Ben's request. The sensation of hard pavement, something that would ordinarily make me feel closer to the world and time I came from, is slightly off. This pavement has a smoother feel to it, something Ben comments on when he spots me staring down at it.

"This texture you're feeling is E.A.T.S., which stands for 'Ecologically Activated Terrain System'. It's a surface that covers the ground of all areas outside of buildings at Earth's surface area. Nanobots build and maintain it regularly, preventing it from cracking or breaking as time goes on. A novel invention, though very few people step outside the glass-zones."

I glance above us. We're on the ground level, now, but humanity has created safe passages from building to building at the ground level, where we can walk through glass tunnels to get from one place to the next.

I bend over to rap my knuckles on it, but Ben grabs my arm. "I'd advise against doing that. E.A.T.S. devours biological contaminants on its surface."

I pull my hand back and curl my lips up. "That sounds rather dangerous."

He nods. "It keeps your shoes squeaky clean though, which is nice. Also, it makes for... rapid corpse removal."

I stop his momentum with my hand. "Hold on, are you telling me humanity just dumps dead bodies in the streets, and those corpses get devoured by nanobots?"

Ben sighs and looks up through the glass ceiling above us guiltily. "It's a little more delicate than that, but suffice to say, everyone is cautious not to fall when they're outside."

"Ben, this is the craziest thing I've heard since I arrived. Why would Marie create something that sounds like it could accidentally kill people?"

Ben smirks as he looks back at me. "You think this is an _accident_? Didn't I tell you? Marie doesn't care about the lesser performing lower educated dregs of society. If someone falls onto the pavement, then in her eyes, they're too stupid to live anyway."

I rub my forehead and feel sweat coat my hand. "That's harsh. I can't believe Marie would make something like this... does she just love the feeling of taking a life?"

We continue walking, and Ben flicks the glass to his side. "It's not like that, Jason. Remember, Earth's animals were dying off in droves thanks to pollution. Their bodies were everywhere, and gasses from their corpses contributed dramatically to global warming. Marie decided that once we moved the remaining population off the Earth and onto more suitable worlds, it would be best to terraform the Earth one last time... so she did."

His breath trails off. I wring my hands as many thoughts come to me. "So, you created this nano-road stuff to... coat the Earth? It devours all life though, including trees, grass, bugs..."

We finally reach the end of the walkway and enter a new building, and Ben purses his lips. "True, but those were all going to rot and fail, anyway. Once the bees died off, we were artificially prolonging Earth's inevitable demise. Marie just sped the process along and completed it. Now Earth houses humans, and us alone. Well, there are pets too, of course." He winks at me. "It's a good thing you didn't bring that cute dog along; she wouldn't be here anymore."

"That's disgusting."

He nods. "I never said I agreed with Marie's methods. I care for the lower citizens, but I understand her reasoning as well."

I pause to look around the skyscraper we've entered. Unlike the other buildings, this one looks old, ancient even, by modern standards. It appears to be a hotel, resembling a luxury 5-star building from my time, like a Hyatt or a Marriott. The floor is covered in exotic red and gold carpets, the walls are made of faded stone that would have once been perfectly chiseled marble, and pillars extend down from the ceiling that have all sorts of patterns visible in their granite veins.

As we step inside, a pretty girl walks up to us. Her hair is pulled back into a bun, and she's wearing a navy-blue short-sleeved shirt with a modestly lengthy skirt, both of which look like a uniform for this establishment. The sailor-style hat on her head reads _Prince Corps._

"Hello, sirs, what can I help you find today?" Her voice is tight and measured, and she doesn't smile at all. She looks me up and down suspiciously, but doesn't appear concerned about Benjamin in the slightest.

He takes the initiative. "We're here to see Four Finger Freddy."

Her eyes light up, but she doesn't smile. "I trust you have a card, then?"

Ben and I turn our heads to look at each other before looking back to her. He shakes his head. "I'm new, didn't know I needed one."

"Everyone pays their membership dues. It's one hundred credits to purchase a member card." She eyeballs me again. " _Per person_ who seeks to examine our wares."

Ben tries to hide his dismay that he has to lose even more credits, but it doesn't come off well. "Fine, I'll give two hundred credits for my nephew and I."

The girl instantly spins on her heel and marches away. "Follow me."

We walk for a few minutes, winding our way past the front desk, through several old fashioned handle-style doors, and up a set of stairs with at least twenty steps.

I decide to ask questions since my curiosity is getting the better of me. "How old is this place?"

"Old."

She doesn't elaborate, and her tone of voice tells me she isn't interested in chatting. _I like her._

We stop in front of a plain brown door where a tall, wiry-looking man is standing outside. The girl looks at him and jerks her head back toward us. "New buyers. Here to see Freddy."

The guy at the door holds up a datapad. He sniffles and skulks about, making me think he's a very shifty person. "S-so, you're here to see Freddy, eh? Show me the credits!" He scratches his arms nervously and keeps twitching, so I make sure to keep my distance. This guy is creepy.

Ben bites his lip as he pulls up his datapad, presses a series of prompts, and sends the credits over. "Done."

The skinny guy shivers. "Thank you, sir! Come on in; it's right through here!" He slaps his hand on a scanner, and the door unlocks, opening up for us to see inside.

We enter slowly, and the man closes the door behind us. Despite the fact that we were in a classical hotel before, this room is completely different. All around us are computer terminals, with signs above that say things like "general goods", or "food", or even "recreation". The floor is tiled with metal, and the cracks between each tile are barely visible.

Ben and I stroll into the room, noting the ceiling is a few feet higher than outside, and the room has been artificially enlarged to fit multiple giant monitors everywhere.

"Oh, people?" A voice speaks up, and to my surprise, a teenager walks around the corner from an adjoining room. His hair is messy but his clothing is impressive, and he wears a mink fur that drapes over both shoulders. "What are you two here for?"

This time, I push in front of Ben. I don't like that he's been getting ahead of me when we engage people. "We're here to meet Four Finger Freddy. We heard he runs the local black market."

"Uh huh. That's me." The kid holds up his right hand, and to my surprise, it has six fingers. A second pinky hangs off the end awkwardly, like it was glued on.

"You're the leader of this place? I didn't think you'd be... so..."

"Young, yeah. Everyone says that. Do you have your cards?" His features droop and his posture slumps even more. He's already bored of us, I can tell. "Wait, of course you do. Ty wouldn't let anyone in without them."

Ben speaks up. "Actually, we wanted to ask a few questions first. Some rumors are going around downtown that the government is cracking down on markets in the area. Is that correct?"

An obvious lie. Ben made it up just to sift for information. The kid doesn't seem to care. "Oh yeah, definitely. We're going out of business. Why, just for you fellas, I'll double the prices to prove it." He gives us a deadpan look and rolls his eyes. "No, the government doesn't care about us. They waste a million tons of serviceable food every day, just because if they tried to give it out, they would piss more people off than would be happy. We're glad to take a small portion of it off their hands." He walks over and taps on the food terminal. "Look at this; we've got fresh apples, oranges, bananas, chicken, even some steak." He pauses to look back at us. "Dunno what animal the steak came from, but it's meat, right?"

Ben makes a slurping sound with his mouth as he examines the food on the screen, but I lean back. The chicken makes me feel anxious. _Wait, is he going to buy something? I thought we were here to get information?_

Ben pokes an option on the screen. "One thousand credits for a single apple?! Are you running a scam?"

"Huh? It's two thousand. Don't you remember? I'm doubling the prices for you gents." Freddy shrugs. "Don't like it? Don't make fun of my intelligence, simple as that."

He paces over to a different computer, one marked 'Luxury'. After pressing a few options, he points at the screen and Ben gasps. "An unlimited two-way Heaven travel permit? Where did you get this?!"

The kid shrugs. "Things come and go. If you want it, it's only ten thousand energy credits. Well, twenty for you."

Ben scowls. "You're not doing a very good job convincing me that you want my business."

"That's because I don't care." Freddy walks away from the computer, pushing past me in the process, and sits down at a terminal that has a helmet attached to the ceiling via some wires. With a single motion, he sticks it on his head, and I quickly realize it's a virtual reality goggle set of some kind, except much bigger and bulkier than I would imagine.

A loud _beep_ sounds off behind me and I turn to look. The entire wall has become a viewscreen, and several images appear and disappear, along with video and other things. Freddy pipes up. "You guys gonna buy anything, or what?"

Ben frowns at me and shrugs. "I'll buy a banana."

Freddy sighs. "Is that all? Standard price is a thousand for a bunch, four hundred credits for a single."

"I'll take a single." Ben and I stare at Freddy's back, and a moment later a whirring sound fills the room, and a banana pops out of a chute in the wall to the right of him, landing in a clean white basket.

"Eight hundred credits."

Ben bites his tongue but glares at me. _You're paying me back when we return,_ his eyes seem to say.

A moment later, Ben presses more buttons on his datapad and sends the credits to Freddy, who barely acknowledges the transaction.

"Thanks, yadda yadda if you're not buying anything else, go ahead and leave." While still wearing the helmet that covers his face and eyes, he turns to look at us. "And don't try to steal anything either. I have multiple auto-turrets in the walls. You won't escape alive."

"Sure, we understand. Thank you for your time." Ben takes the banana and smiles lopsidedly at me. _Ohhh banana!_

"Total waste of time." Freddy grumbles to himself, so Ben and I take it as our cue to leave. We push past the door outside, and the girl from before leads us to the hotel entrance once again.

Blaarjiim stirs in my mind. _How curious. That boy was neither human nor demon... but a half-breed. I could sense the energy inside of him, as well as plenty of anger and bottled up emotions._

I decide not to answer him while walking with a stranger and Ben, but merely nod and wonder to myself.

Once we're outside, Ben finishes off his banana and sighs contentedly. "Damn, I haven't tasted fruit in centuries. That was incredible."

He tosses the peel forward, and it lands on the concrete-like surface. Immediately, before our very eyes, the fruit shrivels up and hisses, as if someone were pouring boiling water into a bucket of ice cubes. Moments later, it vanishes and crumbles into dust.

"Wow. So that's how it works, huh?"

My question makes Ben smile. "Yeah, pretty cool, huh? Be glad I was there to stop you from touching it."

"Believe me, I am."
