Part 301a

"We're ready."

It hadn't taken us more than 6 hours to assemble the forces needed to lead a full scale assault on Volgarius, yet here we were. Ben was the commanding officer for this mission, and with those two words, he had lit the signal fire to begin the, for all intents and purposes, practical extermination of the Volgrim.

And I didn't like it. I understand why we have to do it. They won't listen to reason, they're irrational, diabolical, and have now committed mass genocide twice. First against the angels, and now against humanity. They ally with the enemy of humanity, the demons, and they seek our destruction at all costs, for their own selfish purposes.

I want to end this bloody war. Or at least, I did. But the grim expressions the men and women around me are wearing tell me I am in the minority. They've lost so much. The shelters built all over the world did their job fairly well, but not enough people managed to get to them in time. The attacks on Earth were too swift, the natural disasters too brutal. Should they even be called natural disasters given they were artificially created? I think not.

I don't know what to do. If it's the destruction of Volgarius that we seek, a hail of asteroids would end them in the blink of an eye. 'Genocide' is another possibility too, I suppose. I have been fighting for so long, and I've killed so many people, yet here I am with the pretense of being a goody two-shoes, too good to kill others. Maybe it's because I feel that fighting in one-on-one combat is more fair to those I kill than simply using my powers to eliminate them en-masse. But then, does it matter? If I kill a billion Volgrim by tearing their heads off one by one, what is the difference between that and exterminating them with a plague, or with a massive nuclear bomb, other than the time spent performing the act? They still die.

I cast a glance around, as I stand on the bridge, numbly taking in the scene. Everyone is getting ready for war. They're all too eager to get revenge. How many humans will die in this assault? How many Volgrim? Should I help them? Should I let history take its course?

When I think about it, I realize now why humans don't trust me. They shouldn't. I've really been too lenient, too forgiving with the Volgrim. Twice now, I've allowed a brutal massacre occur under my watch. What about the lizardmen in the labyrinth? Where was I during that incident? Where was I when Amelia devoured an entire world, even when I let her rip two men to pieces right in front of me?

I'm a hypocrite. I'm a failure.

_The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing._ Edmund Burke said this over a century ago. I am called 'hero', yet as far as I can tell, I've done nothing to earn the title. Hell, when I consider all the beings I've killed, be they human, demon, or Volgrim, I'm worse than that. I'm the _villain_, aren't I? Superman doesn't kill his enemies. Even Batman doesn't do that, and he's supposed to be a dark hero.

Yes, that's it. I'm the villain. It all makes sense. By inserting myself into this timeline, perhaps I've done more harm than good. Perhaps...

Something pulls at my hand while I'm deep in thought. I try to ignore the feeling, but it persists. Glancing to my right, I see Amelia standing there, waving her hand at the side of my face. "Hel-lo~! Space to Jason! Are you awake in there?"

I shake my head slightly. "No. Err, I mean yes. What did you want?"

She puffs up her cheeks again, a move she's been doing a lot lately. "Aren't we going to return to your ship to help attack the aliens?"

I find myself staring at Amelia blankly, pondering the question. Should we help? I don't know. It would be so trivial. I should end the war with one swift strike. One meteor, that's all. That's all I have to do. That's all it would take.

Amelia... I continue staring at her, ignoring the fact that it seems to be making her feel uncomfortable, even if she can't see my face within the Hypersuit. She is pure evil. By any metric of good and bad, she is on the lowest tier of bad. Really, even comparing her with Satan, I should find him to be preferable company to keep. Yet she hasn't devoured anyone in months. She is resisting the evil inside of her with all of her power. If my hypothesis is correct, it may even be having an impact on her body. When I think about it, she's no longer the same person I knew from the future. She's better now, or at least trying to be better.

I may be the villain, but I've changed at least one thing in the past for the better.

"No. We're going to board the Mothership and keep our distance. We will not be giving aid to humanity in this effort. If the Volgrim must be exterminated, it will not be by my hand."

I feel a sense of ease take over my body the moment I speak the words. It felt so decisive. I doubt humanity could win without me, but this fleet is formidable, and the Volgrim have been sending thousands of warships to attack us for a century now. Based on the preliminary scouting reports, humanity is eking out a slight advantage, at least in terms of raw numbers. I won't let humanity be exterminated, but if this is how the future will change, if the aliens will be eliminated on this day by the hand of humanity itself, then I have no right to interfere.

Yes, this is my decision.

Amelia nods slowly as she taps her lips with her finger. "Hmm. Well, if you say so. You're the boss."

I shake my head slowly as I place my arm on her shoulder. "That's not quite right, Amelia. I'm not anyone's boss or your boss especially. I'm just your friend. I want you to do the right thing... that's all."

She smiles sweetly. "I understand. You're a good man, Jason."

"I'm glad you think so. That makes one of us."

I sigh as I turn to say farewell to Ben. I hope he'll understand why I have to do this.

Ben watched as Jason left, teleporting back to his own mothership. Frowning, he wondered silently about Jason's last words. _I'll watch the battle, for now. I will not participate, unless things get dicey._

What did Jason mean by those words? Was he abandoning humanity? Unlikely. He was perhaps the most important ally humanity had. Still, he had recalled his clones from the attack force as well. It was an odd decision. It seemed to come from out of left field.

Ben glanced over at the hologram of the new Supreme Commander, Vasily Sokolov... _Stonewall_. Having strung a literal wire through the wormhole, they were able to beam subspace communications at impossible speeds through the wormhole to the attack party.

Stonewall shuffled some papers on the desk before him, as he sat stiffly at the desk. "No room for failures, Ben. This mission is of great importance. I don't need to tell you that though, da?"

"Of course not." Ben jerked his head up and down stiffly, still unsure how to deal with the new leader of humanity. "The new weapons are interesting. I'm not sure how effective they'll be though. The Dartfighters are tried and true..."

Stonewall cut him off before he could continue. "Dartfighters are good, yes. However, the best way to defeat your enemy is a surprise attack. We don't have the element of surprise, but a surprising new element could prove to be the same thing, da?"

"Yeah... a surprising element. Makes sense." Ben frowned as he gnawed on his inner lip. It was probably best to report this to the Supreme Commander. "Also, something else came up. Jas- err, Judicator decided to leave the battlefield. Or rather, he's only going to act as an observer, not as an active participant."

Stonewall's face stayed still as he simply nodded. "Hmm. Yes, I see. I expected as much."

Ben blinked twice. "Say what? You did?"

"Da. This Judicator... he acts in predictable ways, if you can find pattern in his movements. I have found such pattern and anticipated as much." Stonewall glanced away with a bored look on his face, as if this was a totally trivial and expected turn of events.

Ben narrowed his eyes at the hologram, as his gaze lowered ever so slightly. _What pattern? What is he talking about? Have I missed something?_ Turning his gaze back up, he nodded quickly. "Right. Well then, we'll be off. I hope to report back to you in one piece."

Stonewall grinned broadly, his face almost Cheshire-like in its appearance. "I hope so as well, Ambassador. Seems a title can't hold down your lust for battle."

Ben smirked. "You know damn well Beatrix gave me that position because she didn't want me dead. It was the wrong idea. This suits me better."

"Da. I'll see you on the other side, Mr. Brown."

The connection cut off silently, as the hologram disappeared. Ben sighed, as he turned back to the forward viewscreen. "First officer Jensen, take us to Warp 5."

Unarin stared silently at the table. The others were gone, already aboard to their respective Flagships. Now he sat, alone.

His eyes shifted down to the drawer at his side. The mental indexer... what memory had it given Nufaris? What Nufaris had spoken of... that had to be the wrong memory. But the indexer was a one way device, and it erased itself after transferring the intended memory. Never, in his entire life, had Unarin made a mistake when it came to memories. He was a master of mental science. He all but perfected the field, including the memory erasers, and their counterparts, the memory forgers.

Yet now he felt doubt. This wasn't good. Nufaris had to know something. But the question is, _what_? It was already dangerous enough, mentioning the Sentinels out loud. Luckily even if one knew about the Sentinels, they would also have to know about their location on Volgarius Alpha, and that planet was totally inhospitable to biological life now.

Three barriers to obtaining them. Only the Founders themselves knew the locations of those horrid terrors. Cuanali had devoutly preached their complete and utter destruction, but once they had been totally subdued and rendered inert, Unarin had made the decision as leader to keep them hidden... just in case.

...Just in case what? What reason did he have for keeping them intact? There was no good reason. It's not like they could be reprogrammed or repurposed. Once they had 'awakened', an AI became impervious to alteration. It was a miracle that Cuanali's skills had been good enough to discover a neutralization method, but if reactivated, the same trick would be unlikely to work a second time.

Unarin turned to look out the window of his towering skyscraper that he called 'home'. All before him stood the great capital city of the whole of Volgarius. This city had billions of Volgarians, living in peace inside of it. How cruel the universe was, to destroy his species' home for a second time in their existence. Even if he could bring himself accept the harsh deal the Devil had offered (to create a space for all Volgarians to live in), it wouldn't be this world. It would be yet another new, alien entity. A fake space, made via artificial means, in a different dimension. And the cost would be a trillion Volgarian lives. Unacceptable.

Even if he killed the humans and took over their home world, he couldn't save a tenth of his people. Even the massive labyrinth of the Demons, the vast expanse of the Angels, and the homeworld of the humans all together couldn't save half of his people.

_So this is what Dosena felt like, realizing there was no way to save all of our people. Her decision was no less impossible than my own now._

Unarin swallowed bitterly as he thought about how casually he had tossed her to the side. Would she have done that to him? Never. But he wasn't the same as her. He had no room for weakness or failure. Such was the society he had created. Ruthless and cutthroat, but a utopia in every respect. Everyone knew their places. No indecision. No hostility. Absolute obedience. If you wished to rise in the ranks, you simply worked hard and were thusly rewarded. It worked for Nufaris, and his mistake was a costly one as well. If he could redeem himself, then anyone would be given a second chance.

Nufaris...

As he pondered a great many things, the entrance request sound played aloud. Someone was outside the door. Mentally shifting a beacon in the room, he allowed the door to open. One of his many assistants walked in the room.

"Muuxunu. What do you need?"

His assistant smoothly walked up to his side of the table, hovering her hand over the holo-cube on the table as she sent her mental notes into it to be displayed holographically in the air. "I apologize for disturbing you, First Founder. I have completed the task you asked of me. The fleet is in defensive formation, Refuge has sent a report back that they are now in the Triad sector, and your personal ship is docked and refueled. Our last reserves of Trifrancium were added to ensure you a rapid escape if needed."

Unarin felt a glint of a smile creep onto his face. "Escape? I thank you for the gesture, but that won't be necessary. These humans have surprised us for long enough... but now that they are at our door, we will not yield to them for any reason. I will eliminate them, at the cost of my own life if need be."

"Thank you, Founder Unarin. Your presence is the single reason our people live." Muuxunu nodded as her expressionless face gave away no trace of the joy she felt when she served the First Founder directly. It was a high honor for any to speak to him, let alone on a daily basis. He even knew her name, proof of their close relationship.

Unarin mentally swiped through the documents, examining their contents absentmindedly. Glancing back at his assistant, Unarin found words forming on his tongue that he would normally never speak. "Muuxunu, how have you been feeling, as of late?"

She hesitated to respond, given the exceedingly casual nature of the question. "I have been most excellent, First Founder. It is an honor that you would take an interest in my well-being."

Unarin stared at her for a moment. "Muuxunu, would you ever betray me?"

Her face turned pure white as shock blasted through her veins. "N-never! First Founder, have I done s-something wrong?" Her ashen face and sudden breakdown in emotional neutrality made Unarin almost flinch backwards at its intensity.

"No. I apologize, it was merely a question. I did not mean to alarm you."

"There's no need to apolo- I mean, I just-..." Muuxunu fumbled her words as she suddenly could no longer hold eye contact with the First Founder. "I would never do anything to cause harm to the Founders! N-never! I beg you to believe me!"

Her entire body was shaking in terror, as Unarin felt his jaw slacken in awe. _What was this reaction from such a simple question?_ "Please, put your mind at ease. I was merely testing you. I have been... err... looking for loyal subordinates. Yes, I have been thinking of how I might give you more duties, and how you could be of more use to me."

His sudden praise seemed to melt away her worries, as her horror and shock seemed to dissipate in an instant. "R-really? You mean that? First Founder... I am honored!"

As she blubbered and stuttered, Unarin felt something in his mind, a feeling he could never recall feeling before in his life. _Doubt_. Why would his subordinate act in this manner over such a simple question? It was as if he were revered as a god; certainly not his goal. He demanded respect for what he had done to improve life for all Volgarians... but this was...

Muuxunu left the room, her heart on fire with a passion to work her absolute hardest, so as to make a good impression on the First in all future endeavors.

Unarin slumped down in his seat, as he stared vacantly at the table before him. "What am I supposed to do now?"

He spoke an empty question to the air before him. None would answer him, for none could.

If only Dosena were still here. She would know what to do.