Part 323a:

"You owe me." I stepped into the room with a cocky smile aimed right at Stonewall.

Stonewall turned and glowered at me. "Owe you? Unlikely."

Daisy also seemed unfazed. "You healed my uncle? I thought you weren't going to?"

"I was testing you. I healed him on the way here, just before we teleported down. I wanted to be sure you were going to keep your word."

Daisy nodded slowly as she remembered our conversation, then she lowered her eyes away from mine. "Oh. Right. My promise."

Stonewall noticed the expression on her face. "Daisy, you agreed to conditions of this man? If he put you into slavery or something, I will kill him."

Daisy shook her head quickly. "N-no, uncle Vasily! It's not like that... I just agreed that if he healed you, I would keep you away from politics."

Stonewall kept his gaze aimed at mine. "Ah, I see. Such a convenient resolution. I am kept out of way, you are indebted to him... perhaps too convenient."

Jessica was standing behind me, as she swallowed. "What do you mean, Mister Sokolov?" She took a step past me and entered the room, standing by his side as she looked from him to me.

"Is so simple, da. Jason infects me with virus, waits until last moment, then heals me to win affection of my beautiful niece. So perfect how it all works out. The only question now is how long it will be before he asks for her hand in marriage!"

Daisy's eyes sparked with recognition even as she blushed somewhat. "That can't be, but... now that you mention it..."

I can see the gears whirring in her head. Goddamnit, now I know why I hate this man so much. He only ever sees what he wants to see. He's also very persuasive, unlike myself.

Fine, it's time for my response. "That's not true, Stonewall. I saved your life. Not only that, I have a lead on who is causing the nano-virus... but it might sound a tad ridiculous."

Stonewall chuckled, even as his glare never wavered. "Try me."

"The Illuminati."

Everyone in the room stared at me for a solid five seconds without saying a word. I continued to stand my ground though, until Stonewall relented. "Is so absurd you would say such a thing, I must conclude you are telling truth. Suppose this is truth, how would you prove it?"

I shrugged. "I'm not sure. All I know is that as powerful as I am, I'm not smart enough to engineer nanobots, let alone killer ones like the ones in your body. I simply turned them inert inside of you, but the downside of that act is that you will begin to rapidly age. Without the nanobots keeping you young, you're bound to die very soon anyways."

_Well, unless I use 'immortality' or 'youth' on him. I would prefer not to do that though._

I kept that thought to myself.

Stonewall chortled at me, though it didn't seem like genuine laughter. "Your alibi is own stupidity? Amusing. A man who pretends to be stupid yet can destroy massive planet by himself. Truly, you are enigma of our time."

Despite his grunts and deflections, Stonewall seemed to relent. He didn't totally buy what I had to say, but he shrugged his shoulders anyway. "Gah! I do owe you, given you have saved my life. Whether you did it for selfish reasons is yet to be seen though. I may be thanking you, but I am not trusting you."

"That's fair." I decided to accept his thanks without complaint. It was a start. Frankly, he's lucky I don't just kill him right here and now. X may think he's a decent leader for humanity, but I hold no such compunctions. If it weren't for the unknowable future threat of Daisy's anger, he'd be a dead man.

...Come to think of it, I don't see what's stopping me from just killing her first, then killing him. I could just avoid the whole hassle of worrying about it.

No, wait, that's terrible. Daisy has done nothing wrong. Stonewall might be an awful man, but so far his niece is blameless in all of this, and she might prove to be a fantastic leader for humanity someday. Why did I even think such a violent thought? What the hell is wrong with me lately? Am I turning into a psychopath? Have I devolved into such complete apathy towards violence that I'd even consider murdering an innocent?

Maybe... perhaps... I remember a quote I read, long ago. Power corrupts, but absolute power corrupts absolutely. My power isn't at that level yet, but realistically, if what Arthur said was true... it might reach that level someday. What if I become the personification of a god? What if my powers begin to rival that of the so-called creator? Will I be good? Evil? Ambivalent? Will these terms come to mean nothing in light of my all-knowing eyes?

I don't know what this all means. For now though, I have to try and walk the path of righteousness. Killing innocents will not lead me down that path.

I suddenly realize that I've drifted off into thought once again. Everyone is staring at me, and I prevent myself from averting my gaze. "If we're done here, I need to return to my ship."

"Huh? Oh, right." Daisy shakes her head and blinks her eyes. This must have all been quite the rush for her. Her uncle is alive and well again, and she owes it to me. This will, hopefully, help our future relations out. I would do well to keep her as an ally if she does ever lead humanity.

But that won't happen soon. She's still young and inexperienced. 'Green', as the military would say. She has much to learn.

Jessica smiles at me sweetly, the expression nearly making me cringe. "Thank you for visiting us and healing Mister Sokolov. We owe you a great debt."

"Yeah, uh, sure. No big deal." I glanced away from my clone uneasily. When she was in a trance, she acted totally differently. I wonder how the trance worked and what the conditions were for breaking it?

Stonewall rustled around to lay back down in his bed. "Hopefully we will not be seeing you soon, mister Hiro. That being said, have safe return trip. I might need you to save my ass again."

That Stonewall... sometimes I wonder about him.

I appeared aboard the Mothership in the blink of an eye, glancing down at my holo-watch. All told, the entire visit had taken a mere half-hour to complete. It was barely even four AM.

I blinked as I glanced down to see Amelia standing in the hangar, staring at precisely the spot I had appeared in. She was... waiting for me?

Her arms were wrapped around herself and she was only wearing a tight fitting nightgown. She seemed... cold. "You left me all alone."

I nodded soberly. "Yeah, sorry about that. I was needed on Earth, it was an emergency."

"An emergency, huh? You left with a cute girl. What am I supposed to think, after... after last night?"

I blinked twice. Wait, does she mean... "That was Daisy. She's Stonewall's niece. You know, the guy who leads humanity? He was dying of nanobot poisoning. I healed him."

"Mmm. She's cute."

Why does she keep going on about that? "Are you... jealous?"

"No. I'm cuter than her, I know you wouldn't do anything stupid." Amelia twirled one of her fingers around a strand of hair absentmindedly. What confidence she had in herself.

I stared at her blankly, feeling rather awkward about the current situation. She ended up breaking the silence. "Last night was... amazing. Jason, you were so good. I had more, erm... fun... than I ever have before." I noticed she was blushing. _So she can feel awkward too..._

I walked up close to her and leaned down to wrap my arms around her in a hug. "I know. I... really like you, Amelia. More than friends."

She unwound her arms and wrapped them around me too. "Yeah. More than friends."

I swallowed, feeling the inevitable 'but' crawling in my throat. I slowly pulled away as I knelt down to her level. Given I was well over seven feet tall, I towered at least three feet above her, so this was the only way to speak to her face to face.

"Listen. I have something to confess. It's about the... the uh... the future."

Her adoring eyes blinked quickly as she seemed to come off some sort of drug-high. "Oh? The future? What about it?"

"I haven't been totally honest with you. If we're going to have a relationship, you need to hear the truth. The truth about how I knew you in the future."

Amelia pursed her lips as she lowered her eyes. "We weren't really friends, were we? You made that up. I knew you did."

I frowned. "What? No. That's not it. That's not it at all. Amelia... I... killed you. We were close friends. We met as total strangers in the labyrinth, and I grew fond of you. You saved my life twice... but in return, I killed you."

Amelia jerked her head up in confusion. "You killed me? But why?"

"That's... the you in the future was not the same as the you from now. In the future, you were cute and adorable, and you had a playful naughty streak... but you were also a very bad girl. Evil, to be honest. Not like you are now, or even like you were in the past. I mean that you were truly a _monster_."

I swallowed heavily as I continued, forcing myself to look into her eyes. "You k-killed an entire planet full of people. You devoured them all. Thousands, tens of thousands, perhaps millions of people. I don't know how many, but the number was colossal. Much like how I destroyed Volgarius, you destroyed that planet, but in a different manner. In the end, I killed you to protect everyone else."

Amelia stared at me blankly. For a few moments, it almost looked as if she hadn't heard me. It only took a few moments before I noticed that tears were welling up in her eyes. "I was a bad girl? I killed more people? But I couldn't... I won't hurt anyone. I mean it! I won't hurt anyone else, Jason! I'm a good girl now!"

I nodded fiercely as I pulled her in and embraced her. "I know, Amelia. You're a good girl now. It wasn't your fault. It... it was the Hunger. You just couldn't help the Hunger. I didn't know then what I know now."

Amelia's tears came pouring down as she stifled sobs. "I can't be a bad girl! I don't want to be bad anymore!"

I felt myself tearing up too. It's true, she was good now. She wasn't bad like she used to be. It's not her fault. I won't let that future come to pass.

Amelia's sobbing came to a sudden halt as she froze for a moment or two before jerking away as she wiped at her eyes.

"You spoke to Levvy?! When?!"

I jerked back in tune with her movements as shock crossed my face. He told her? Why, though?

"Yeah. I spoke with him about an hour ago. He took over your body and talked to me directly. It was kind of scary, if I'm being honest."

Amelia's face was covered in shock. "H-he's never done that before. He's never been _able_ to do that before. I... I don't understand how..."

I rubbed her arms slowly as I sat down, pulling her down as well. "Amelia, there's a lot for us to talk about. Leviathan told me many things... the most important being about your need to consume human life. It's not just to keep you sated... it's because you need human energy to counterbalance his own energy. If you don't consume human energy, you will eventually die when he rips out of your body."

Amelia nodded slowly as she appeared to be listening to his voice inside of her. "Yes... yes, he has told me this before. I know it's true. I know... he's not lying to me. He wouldn't. But... I don't..."

"You don't want to kill people. I get that. But what I've been doing is just a temporary measure, a band-aid. We need a more permanent solution." I groaned as several ideas popped into my head. "I could, err, find people who are dying of a terminal illness and clone them several times. Then you'd have multiple bodies to devour. That might help."

Amelia immediately pulled away from me as a sickened expression passed over her face. "Jason... that's horrible..."

I swallowed as I suddenly was unable to look her in the eye. "Yeah. I know. I'm sorry."

I felt her staring at me for a few moments longer before she also looked away. "Besides, that wouldn't work. The closer a person is to death, the weaker their life spirit is. It would take 100 old people to match the energy of a... a young ch-child..." Amelia grunted as she wiped her lips. "Stop making me think about this. This is horrible. I thought you were my friend!"

I nodded quickly as I turned to look at her again. "I am, Amelia. Better than friends, remember? I don't want you to die, and neither does Leviathan. We have to find a solution. Something has to work."

Amelia rubbed her arms as she continued avoiding my eyes. "Fine. Find something. But it has to be something that doesn't involve... k... killing people. I don't want to do it anymore, Jason. I'm a good girl now."

"Yeah." I said, as I smiled weakly at her. "You're a good girl now."

_I just wish I was as good as you are now._
