Part 486c - Cache, Money, Dough

Beelzebub nudges a rock on the ground with his foot. Based on its texture and design, it must have broken off from the ceiling. A sour look spreads from one corner of his mouth to the other. "Devils. What a mess. I should have come sooner."

Samantha leans against me and yawns. "Why didn't you?"

"I thought the humans could handle a few of the monsters. I was wrong." Beelzebub reaches up and slicks his hair back. A few hairs are noticeably singed and smoking from his fire-breathing earlier, but otherwise, his rich black hair is as immaculate as ever. "What are we to do now? There are thousands of portals to other worlds. Most of them reside in pocket dimensions, but the Volgrim installed the rest. The Kolvaxians will likely know of their existence."

His tone of voice makes me raise an eyebrow. His confidence from before is gone. Despite crushing every Kolvaxian that entered the Labyrinth, he's beginning to realize that the invasion has scarcely started, and we only won due to favorable circumstances.

"I can answer that," Ben says, as he and Cassiel stroll up to us. "Right now, there are still many Volgrim worlds out there. Melkin has fallen, but the Volgrim number in the tens of trillions across their remaining planets and sectors. If we can establish a base of operations, along with a new homeworld, then move them to it and form a defensive network, the Kolvaxians won't be able to penetrate it, and we can start pushing back against the monsters."

Cassiel slumps over against my other side; fatigue etched into her face. It's only been a half-hour since we blew up the final Spine Mine, but the adrenaline from the victory has worn off faster than anyone could imagine. Now, two straight weeks of battle has caught up with everyone involved.

Except for Ben, but maybe that's because of his Hypersuit.

My cute angel yawns. "Ugh, I wish we could just take a day off to nap. Why do our new enemies have to be so tenacious?"

"Every moment we waste, another Volgrim world is likely to fall," Ben replies. "For the moment, you can get some rest, and I can work with Beetlejuice on which planet to-"

"Beelzebub," The First Emperor hisses. "How could you possibly butcher my name so badly?"

"Sorry. I'm a little tired," Ben says, not bothering to look at him. "Anyway, there are several good candidates, including one on the outer rim, opposite from where the Kolvaxians originated. It will take them quite some time to control all of the Milky Way up to the planet I have in mind, so the Volgrim will be able to fortify it dramatically. However, without a mixed ground force and competent leadership there at all times, we're unlikely to resist an aerial assault. Kolvaxians typically start with planetary bombardment, then they send in the ground troops, like what you saw on Melkin."

Jason Alpha appears out of nowhere and leans on Beelzebub's shoulder nonchalantly as if he's been in the conversation the whole time. "Hmph. What happened on Melkin was hardly anything. You've only seen one type of Kolvaxian up to this point."

Beelzebub quickly pulls away and swats Alpha's arm off his shoulder, leaving the other me to stumble slightly before regaining his balance. The First Emperor doesn't comment on Alpha invading his personal space. "What do you mean by 'only one type?' How many are there?"

Alpha taps his lip thoughtfully. "Well, up to this point we've seen their shock troops, which are equivalent to drones. Honestly, they usually never need more than drones, because those are more than enough to overwhelm most defenses. It's once they release the modified vehicles and start Infection Runs that a planet loses the ability to resist. At this point, your safest bet is to hole up in the Labyrinth forever and pray they never find a way to this dimension."

"Retreating into the Labyrinth is unacceptable, even if we destroy the portals to the outside universe," Beelzebub says. "The Volgrim constructed several portals themselves. If the Kolvaxians have their knowledge, it's likely they will create new ones once they discover our plans. If they do that, there's no telling where they will appear in the Labyrinth."

Silence follows. Everyone considers the possibilities, though Samantha and Cassiel keep yawning over and over.

I volunteer an idea as the girls blink their eyes sleepily. "Before Alpha and I leave, we'll take some time to build new portals to a few important places, and we'll demolish the ones that are too dangerous to leave alone. We'll also create some new worlds inside folded dimensions that the Kolvaxians won't know about, just so the Volgrim have somewhere to live. I doubt you want them filling up your Labyrinth."

Beelzebub nods. "That's an acceptable compromise. You have a mental map of where the portals are located, correct?"

"Yup." Privately, I wonder how he knows that. He did live with me for several years, so the Crown's capabilities probably slipped out at some point.

Tvoorik's voice speaks out from the entrance of the room as he slowly walks over to us. "Several Volgrim worlds are under attack. We can't dawdle, no matter how tired we are."

Behind Tvoorik, his shadow-walker friend skulks, an unpleasant expression on his face. "You're about to fall over, Tvoorik. If you keep going without rest-"

"That can't be helped." Tvoorik cuts his friend off. "I know you mean well, Ylvusk, but I can handle myself. One of my new abilities is to draw thought-energy from others around me. I have much more vitality than before my mutation."

"If you say so," Ylvusk quickly counters. "You should still get some rest. You worked harder than everyone else during that battle."

Ben frowns at the newcomers. "Now hold on just a second. I'm sure tapping into the hivemind was exhausting, but many people gave their lives fighting the Kolvaxians over the past several days. Don't diminish their hard work."

"He didn't mean anything by it," Tvoorik says. He walks into our group, and I notice, perhaps for the first time, that he's slightly shorter than Samantha and Cassiel. Demon mutations are all over the place when it comes to height. "Let's not worry about semantics. Beelzebub, dispatch a Demon Duke and some lords to Portal 823. It connects to Odarius, one of the worlds the Kolvaxians are about to attack, which houses several key military installations. After that, you should-"

Beelzebub raises a hand. "Hold on just a moment. I've yet to state where my allegiances lie. I helped out here because the humans imperiled the Labyrinth with their incompetence, but I never said I would continue to do so. I have no guarantee you won't stab us in the back when demonkind least expects it."

Cassiel blinks and pulls away from me. "Hold on; you think we'll betray you? Why? You know just as well as I do that Samantha is trying to bring peace between humans and demons. Betraying you runs counter to our goals."

"You've done it once before," Beelzebub snaps. "Well, the human king did, not _you_, but my point stands. Elshard leads the humans, and I don't trust him."

With a sigh, Cass shrugs. "Unless you want us to install a new leader, I can't help King Elshard's opinions. Who would lead the humans anyway? Ben?" She gestures to Ben, and he immediately takes a step back, recoiling from the idea. "Jason? No, you'd hate it if Jason were the official leader. Besides, he has to leave." Scarcely have the words left her mouth, when she makes a sudden choking sound as if realizing what she said. Cass turns her head to look up at me. "You are leaving though, aren't you?"

I glance at Alpha. He nods imperceptibly. "Afraid so, Cass. Afraid so."

"Aw." She doesn't protest but does wrap herself around my arm a little tighter.

Beelzebub crosses his arms, closing up his body language in the process. "Cassiel. I won't help humanity unless you take over as their leader."

Immediately, Cass jerks her head up. "What? Huh?"

Beelzebub smirks. "I didn't stutter. Satan hated angels, to the point of desperation. Admittedly, I've held prejudices against them in the past, but I have yet to see you do one disagreeable thing to a demon. Everything I've seen you do, and the tales that my people in your city have told me, indicate you're an upstanding person of moral uprightness. _Especially_ compared to King Elshard and Jason. If you don't lead humanity, I won't follow."

Everyone's jaw drops, including Alpha's.

I ask the question on everyone's mind. "You want Cassiel to lead humanity? Why?"

Cass nods along, and Beelzebub unfolds his arms and holds his palms up like he's weighing two options. "The better question is, 'why not?' After all, most humans and many demons look up to her. They're calling her the Divine Mother. She's a symbol of righteousness, and her power is without question. I recall her dealing a most grievous wound to Satan that forced him to flee when even you Wordsmiths couldn't. Demons respect power. Humans respect morality. These traits do not conflict, and she has them in abundance."

Beelzebub leans forward and waggles his finger. "I know you aren't one to seek your own self-interest, Cassiel, but you should look at the upside for yourself. Humans will pray to you en-masse, increasing your spiritual energy. The angels will no longer have to rely on leftover scraps of energy that the glowing Jason over there gave them millions of years ago. I'm certain, based on the qualities you've exhibited up until now, that you could even convince the Volgrim to join our alliance, and with the Angels on your side, you'll have a military diverse enough to stand up to the monsters at our doorstep."

Alpha raises his hand, as a kid in a classroom would. "A question. How do you know where the angels obtained their energy?"

"I've been reading," Beelzebub says flatly. He glares at Alpha, then pulls back and brushes some dust off his shoulder. "Frankly, Cassiel, there's no answer you should give other than 'yes.' You're the only one who can lead demonkind into battle that won't give me the shivers. I won't lose sleep if it's you."

"What about me?" Samantha asks. She rubs her eyes and stretches. "Are you implying you can't trust me?"

"Of course I can't. That much is a given. You killed Gressil and severely wounded Diablo. You're untrustworthy, and you know it."

Samantha puffs up her cheeks and flips her head away. "Hmph. Asshole."

I raise an eyebrow at Beelzebub. He's acting odd. I never imagined he would consider Cassiel trustworthy. Naturally, Beelzy's correct, but it's strange hearing _him_ say it.

"I don't know..." Cassiel trails off. "I don't like that people are worshiping me. I don't think I'm leader material."

Beelzebub nods sagely. "Mmm, yes, I see. That's unfortunate. Well, then, I'll pull all the demons out of the war, and you can have fun losing against the Kolvaxians." He casually shrugs, as if to say _what can I do about it?_

Cassiel flinches, and guilt blankets her face. "Alright, geez. I'll do it. Gosh." She pokes me in the stomach. "What's his angle, anyway? I can't see why he wants me as leader."

"I think Beelzebub likes you," Samantha says dryly. "He's a lonely demon. No woman around."

"Yeah," Alpha chimes in. "He likes a good, strong woman."

Beelzebub facepalms. "This is what I get for being polite to insects."

Everyone chuckles lightly, and for once, the mood seems to lift. Even Beelzebub, despite his pretentious attitude, doesn't have a stick as far up his ass as usual.

"Hey. What's going on, here?" A female voice speaks up. I turn to look behind Beelzebub, over to where the portal was that the Kolvaxians were pouring through. Much like the rest of the room, the area surrounding the portal is in ruins, but standing atop one prominent piece of debris is a familiar figure.

Marie.

Alpha's smile vanishes as he spots her. "Bloody hell."

"Alpha? Did you do this?! I've had alarms screaming all over my base for almost an hour now!" Marie hops off the misshapen chunk of ceiling, and from behind her, a scaly lizard-like creature crawls over the debris and rises up to his full height, towering over her. She ignores him, and storms up to Alpha and shoves her finger in his face. "What the hell are you thinking?! You can't just destroy portals! I have jurisdiction here!"

"Yeah, yeah." Alpha rolls his eyes so hard I lose sight of his pupils. "It's not what you think, Marie. The Kolvaxians attacked, so we were forced to defend ourselves. They launched their assault on-"

"Kolvaxians?! What the hell are you talking about?" Marie's anger slips, and she shoots a glance at Cassiel, Samantha, and I. "And what are you three doing here? Last I heard, you were running away from the Volgrim like little chicken-shits."

The reptilian monster lumbers over toward us and rests his clawed hand on her shoulder. "Lady Marie, there has been a great battle here. I smell beings I have never contacted."

Marie's expression softens, and she reaches up to her shoulder and rests her hand on the lizard-man's. "Yes, Kar, thank you."

"Kar?" I squint to examine the lizard more carefully. The name is the same as a lizard-man I once knew, but instead of green scales, this lizard is colored red. A transformation, perhaps? Possibly another gap in my memory? "Are you the same one I once knew?"

The lizard-man nods, and he closes his eyes. "Correct. I have since recuperated from my injuries."

"No thanks to you," Marie adds snidely. "But we're not here about that. Alpha, what are Kolvaxians?"

Alpha bows his head. "I don't think I can tell you."

"Oh, pish. There you go getting caught up in the rules again." Marie kicks a pebble. "The other Maries know to stay out of my business. Let's not dredge up the past."

"You allied with Satan," Alpha says. "We can't trust you with information on the multiverse."

"That was before he gained the power of Wordsmithing! This is now!"

Alpha and Marie begin shouting at each other, and the rest of us are cast aside and left to feel uncomfortable. Nobody has a clue what they're talking about. The best I can guess is that she was once a member of the Central Hub, but she was cast out for working with Satan, but why wouldn't they just kill her? Lord knows the little I've seen of Marie tells me she'd kill one of her other selves without hesitation.

"Okay, okay, break it up." Kar reaches down and uses each hand to push Marie and Alpha out of each other's faces. "Alpha. You were gone a long time. Marie stays secluded on Earth. We don't know what the state of the galaxy is, beyond what the three turtles told us a few months ago. The Kolvaxians smell dangerous."

Alpha glares up at the giant lizard-man, but sighs. "Gah. Now that Marie's curiosity is piqued, she'll just interrogate everyone here after I take Sparky and leave."

"Damn right," Marie says, as she smirks. "Stop wasting my time and tell me already."

...

Minutes pass.

Marie's eyes grow as big as saucers. "So, let me get this straight. Universe 10K has a parasitic power-absorbing alien infection that has ravaged their Milky Way with no signs of slowing down for over ten million years, and you allowed them to travel here due to your stupidity during the Energy Wars?!"

Beelzebub shakes his head. "Devils. It's worse than I thought."

Alpha nods sheepishly. "Yeah, it's entirely my fault. Dunno what to say."

Marie holds up her hand and ticks off a few fingers as she speaks. "The Volgrim are playing defense and losing, demons have no space combat capabilities, humans are millions of years behind the Volgrim as well, and the angels might have been useful if you had more than a handful of them, but you don't. I guess you're pretty screwed, aren't you?"

Ben sighs. "What a positive thinker."

"Marie has always been like this," Alpha says, "though I'd hoped several million years of the silent treatment would change things."

She waves off Alpha's words. "Well, it's a good thing I'm a genius unlike any that have ever lived- barring my other selves, of course. I've been quietly building up a stockpile in case the worst should happen. I just didn't count on 'the worst' being 'freaky aliens that devour minds,' so great job exceeding my expectations."

"Stockpile?" Ben echoes. "What sort of stockpile?"

"I anticipated that, at some point, humanity might need to stage a comeback. Perhaps the Volgrim would grow too big for their britches, or maybe the demons might end up with a particularly bloodthirsty Emperor and would start massacring the defenseless humans. And, so, I created a small armada below the surface of Earth." The corners of Marie's mouth curl up into a tight smile. "Just in case."

"I suppose the Central Hub will forgive you for your past, then. That's what you want to hear, right?" Alpha glares at her, but he doesn't offer much resistance beyond that. I can see the relief written all over his face. He's glad to hear that she planned ahead for an uncertain future.

Beelzebub taps his wrist. "As good as this news is, time is short. We should have left several minutes ago. You heard Tvoorik; the Kolvaxians will soon annihilate several Volgrim planets, and then all hope will be lost. We need to act quickly."

Marie nods. Her pretentiousness vanishes. "You're right. Inform Diablo that I'll transfer my armada wherever it's needed. Less talk, more action."

"I'm the First Emperor now," Beelzebub says with a grunt. "Diablo is a lord."

"Oh!" Shock runs down Marie's back. She lurches noticeably. "Good God! The standards for First Emperor have lowered dramatically since the last time I visited!"

"I'll kill you," Beelzebub hisses.

..............................................................................

An hour later, after teleporting Beelzebub and Tvoorik to the designated portal, and everyone else back to Hero City, Cassiel pulls me aside. Surprisingly, it's raining in Hero City, a rare sight to behold.

"Jason. I have to tell you something."

I nod, as the rain trickles off a balcony on the palace overhang. "Uh, sure."

"It's about Samantha. Well, it's about me, too."

She waits for me to give her the go-ahead, so I continue nodding. "Right. What's up?"

"I want you to take Samantha along when you leave with Alpha."

Oh. I didn't expect her to say that. "Yeah, that's fine. I have to ask him first, though. I don't think he'll say yes."

A lump forms in Cass's throat. "I want to go, too, but I can't. I know that now. Beelzebub threw his demand at me, and if I turn him down, we won't be able to unite against the Kolvaxians."

Something in her voice is off. "There's more, right? It's not just about Beelzebub. You could turn him down anyway."

She fiddles around and wrings her hands together repeatedly. "I... I don't know. This universe is my home, you know? I was born and raised here. I want to be with you, but I don't want to leave, either. I'm selfish, and I know it, but now that I've met others of my kind- other angels, I mean..."

_She's saying 'I' a lot more than usual,_ I note. "You're torn. You want to come along, but if you do, humanity will probably fall to the Kolvaxians, along with the Volgrim, demons, and angels." My words are not a question.

Cass bows her head. "I don't know how long you'll be gone. The last few months were torture. I kept fighting, thinking you had died and I would never see you again. As bad as I felt, Samantha was worse. She's hidden her feelings from you well, but she kept crying, and whenever we fought the Kolvaxians, she'd explode in rage and tear them apart. I'm worried that if you leave again, she'll go over the edge."

_Worrying._ "If you think that'll happen, I can press Alpha. If I demand it, he'll let her come along with me. However, have you asked her opinion yet?"

"Huh? N-no..."

Slowly, I reach over and pull Cassiel against my chest. "Imagine how Sam will feel if she thinks we left you behind in a hostile universe. She'd worry about you every day, just as much as she would worry about me if she stayed. The only acceptable answer is for both of you to come along, and that would make everyone in this universe fall to the Kolvaxians."

"Oh." Cass wraps her arms around me. "What am I supposed to do, Jason? I can't lead. I can't protect anyone. The only thing I can do is heal my allies and kill my enemies. A leader has to be smart, and she has to-"

"Stop, stop." I pull Cass away and gaze into her eyes. "Why do you say things like that? Don't you realize what you've accomplished? Elshard wasn't the one fighting the Kolvaxians off for two weeks; you were. Beelzebub may have pulled off a last-minute save, but you held on the whole time up to that point. You thought of the sonic generators, you used Tvoorik to coordinate the defense, and you kept soldiers from dying. You're more of a leader than you'll admit, and everyone knows it."

Cassiel trails her hand down my arm and grasps my palm. "I guess." She has awful self-esteem issues.

"Just do me a favor, Cass. Ask Sam whether she wants to go with me or stay here. Don't make decisions for her."

Cass pulls her hand from mine. "What are you going to do?"

"I have to help get this universe prepared for the defense before I leave. I'm going to talk with Alpha. He might have some ideas I haven't thought of yet. After all, he's been doing this a lot longer than us."

"Yeah, maybe," Cass says, though she sounds unconvinced. "Remember what I told you. I don't trust Alpha. Something about him is just... off. He's too casual when it comes to death and murder. He may look human, but I think his humanity was stripped away a long time ago."

_Yeah,_ I think to myself. _You're right about that._

"I'll keep an eye on him, Cass."

In the distance, the local church's bell tolls. _Gong. Gong. Gong._

We didn't save everyone in the battle. Some soldiers won't be returning to their families tonight.