Part 234a

"Harold. Activate Lightning Mode."

I spoke mentally to him, as the shadowy forms entered the room. In the blink of an eye, I felt my suit's primary systems come online all at once. "You got it, boss! Heh heh heh!"

I swiveled my head to the side, noticing that my body had become completely invisible. My mouthpiece slid shut as I jumped into the air, burying my hand into the ceiling with a single punch as my radar systems tracked the movement of every hostile entity in the room. Curiously, I noted these appeared to not be Volgrim, they looked like they were human, but I suspected they might be demon. I'd have to tell in a few minutes.

My suit activated a series of neutralization lasers, firing at several hostiles at once, instantly severing their heads from their bodies, the lasers moving too fast to even be seen. A moment later, the few remaining invaders yelped as their allies toppled over, headless.

With their initial infiltrators in confusion, I jammed my feet against the ceiling, letting go with my hand, and using my suit's compressed leg power to dash at the ground a couple dozen feet below me faster than a speeding bullet, as I aimed my body at another hostile.

He never saw it coming. Neither did his friends.

He exploded into a mass of blood and sinewy veins as his body transformed into a puddle in the blink of an eye. My suit of course, took absolutely no damage. I've been reinforcing it with every spell I can think of, increasing its speed, its flexibility, its regenerative abilities... at this point I'm pretty sure a nuclear bomb wouldn't leave a dent, though I have yet to try that.

His friend had barely even started to register the mess to his right side before I yanked out my hand and pulled him towards me with telekinetic abilities. When his neck met my hand, I squeezed and his mouth let out no noise other than an eerie _gurgle_ as his head popped off, showering the room in blood.

One more to go. One of the invaders was dashing towards the window, terror in his eyes as he had seen every one of his comrades get felled in a spectacular display of battle prowess. To be honest, I'm not sure how much of my battle ability was me, and how much was the suit, though my twelve years in the labyrinth surely couldn't have hurt.

I jumped at him with a pitifully small amount of effort, grabbing him by the shirt as my mouth-piece popped open. "Where do you think _you're_ going?"

The person jerked his head around, revealing a head full of sharp teeth. Wait, he _is_ a Volgrim? "Self-destruct!"

As he said that, my suit registered an explosion occurring in his body, instantly snapping my mouth-cover shut and making my hand snap open as my palm deployed a forward facing wide-angled force field. In the next instant, his body exploded in a fiery burst, as did the bodies of his companions behind me.

The blast was massive, much bigger than I expected, engulfing the entire room in flame. I jerked my head back to see several dignitaries fly towards the other side of the room, as they had been caught in the explosion.

All of this, from the moment of the invaders' entrance, had taken a mere twenty-five seconds. Hardly any foreign dignitaries had evacuated the room.

Bodies lay everywhere, in heaps and crumples. President Johannesburg lay a few feet away from me, his body fried to a crisp. Those bombs... they were not normal bombs. They burned at nearly three thousand degrees, hot enough to melt steel beams, yet left no residual fires after the initial explosion. They were like... a bio-bomb of some sort.

Naturally, I was not harmed in the slightest. My sensors indicated my suit had yet to take even a single percentage worth of damage... but excluding the invader bodies... there were ninety-four corpses in the room. Ninety-four dead dignitaries and foreign leaders.

"Jesus Christ... this is... a declaration of all-out war." I mumbled to myself. Detecting some life forms moving away from the room, I took note of their unique DNA identifiers, noting that the prime minister of Britain had survived, as well as the current leader of Egypt, and a few others. In total, only a dozen guests had survived.

But... I can't take time to focus on these bodies. They will have to wait. I have a space battle to win.

"Harold. Get me up there."

"Working on it! Give me a second, goddamn whippersnapper!" His voice sounded strained, as he was guiding the Mothership through the field of battle and running the entire ship all by himself.

A few seconds later, my body de-materialized and re-materialized as I appeared in the Mothership.

Carnage. Absolute carnage. Everywhere that I could see, wreckage from this fierce battle was left over, floating in space.

At the front of the ship, towards the direction of the Moon, I spotted over a hundred Capital-Class warships, owned by the Volgrim. Massive ships that my scanners indicated had tens of thousands of crew members on-board. Our own ships were pitiful compared to these, but even they paled in comparison to the Volgrim flagship.

The flagship was massive, on a scale unbelievable to man. It must have been the size of one of the smaller U.S. states, like Rhode Island. I detected a ridiculous number of life signs on board, close to 500,000.

"This is David versus Goliath. They came prepared too." I spoke to nobody in particular as I aimed my hand at the capital ship. " **EXPLODE!** "

I detected a tiny explosion on board the ship, but it seemed to do very little to the ship. It would take a massive amount of energy to destroy it with my current power, and the container at my waist that I had once again refilled over the last few years was not meant for this. I'd only use it in the case of a true emergency, but for now, I'd have to do this myself.

"Harold, beam me aboard the flagship. Anywhere will do, but closer to the center is better."

"Whoa there, kid! I know yer strong, but that's beyond risky! We need ye on board to order the fleet around!" He mentally indicated our own ships getting shredded.

I shook my head. "Beatrix is the one I deemed most capable. She can handle this. If she gives you any orders, and she probably won't, make sure to follow them. I'm going there, solo. I'm needed there."

Harold sighed. "Alright, kid. Just... don't get yerself killed out there."

I rolled my eyes slightly. "Harold, I'm inside a virtually indestructible super-suit. YOU are the one in the most danger. If this ship is destroyed, I'll have to rescue you in outer space and that does not sound fun. Don't die, alright?"

Harold smirked in my vision as he sat on his rocking chair. "Smarmy little cunt, ain'tcha? I fought in World War II, this ain't nothing. Git outta here, kid. I got this under control."

I nodded as I aimed my hand at their ship. Focusing on the force-field surrounding the ship, I spoke a single word.

" _Gap_."

A gap opened in their force-field, as Harold beamed me inside... into the underbelly of the beast.