Part 105: Doom

I sighed, and leaned forward a little bit, stretching my feet. The Master was working us hard these days, ever since the filthy humans started roaming these catacombs. I scratched myself with my claws, sadly noting that I still hadn't evolved to my second form yet.

Am I doomed to stay a weak little imp, only good for guard duty and screaming if the humans appear? The thought made my skin crawl.

Tvoorik groaned, as he leaned against the opposite wall from me. "This sucks. How long do we have to stand watch? I want to go and feed already, maybe watch some action down in the Pits."

I nodded as I coughed slightly. "This is the worst! I hate being on guard duty! Can't they even give us a chair! It's not like we're fast enough to flee if the filthy humans show up anyway! We're dead meat!"

"Calm down, Ylvusk, it's not that bad. I have an escape plan if we hear them coming." Tvoorik grinned as he leaned forwards, checking to see if the skeleton commander was watching. He wasn't. He just stared aimlessly at the wall, unmoving, as he always did. "Take a look... hehe."

Tvoorik turned around and quietly pulled on the labyrinth wall. A small hole opened up. Just barely big enough for tiny imps like us to fit inside.

I nodded and stared in wonder. "Is that... one of the hidden lizardmen tunnels?"

He nodded, grinning devilishly, while quickly pushing it shut so nobody else could see. "Yeah. But keep it quiet, alright? It's only for emergencies... I don't want to have to use it unless we have to... there might still be 'gecks' hiding in there."

'Gecks' of course was short for gecko, a slang insult we used to make fun of the little critters. Naturally, once we reach our second form, we easily tower over them, but they're dangerous while we're just little imps.

I sighed again, as I leaned back against the wall. "Just two more ticks and we can get the heaven out of here."

Tvoorik moaned as he leaned against the wall again. "Say, you heard about Duke Mephisto's defeat a few months back, right?"

I rolled my eyes. "Some Duke he was. He was beaten by smelly humans and they even destroyed his entire planet."

Tvoorik paused, as he thoughtfully pondered that thought. "Don't you find that just a little odd? An entire planet? Come on, humans aren't that strong or smart. They're dangerous to imps like us, but humans are really weak fleshbags."

I nodded slowly. "Yeah... so? What are you getting at?"

Tvoorik leaned forwards meaningfully on his spear. "What I'm saying is, it's a little too _convenient_, don't you think?" He glanced back over at the skeleton commander, still staring blankly at the wall. Thank the devils they're dumb as rocks. He looked back over at me. "I mean think about it... now that we're all afraid of the big bad humans, Diablo has all the reason to order us on round the clock guard duty. Just a little too perfect, eh?"

I shrugged. "Maybe, I dunno. What are you getting at?"

"Tvoorik frowned. Come on, look at the big picture. It was an _inside job_." I instantly rolled my eyes. Oh for Devil's sake, not this again. "I mean do you really think humans can make meteors and asteroids appear out of nowhere?! Of course not, only someone powerful like Diablo could do that!"

I groaned long and hard. This idiot and his stupid conspiracy theories. "I bet you think Satan faked his own death just so he didn't have to be emperor anymore, right?"

Tvoorik nodded excitedly. "Yes, yes! It was all written down in this grimoire that Veerus was telling me about! You see, Satan was really unhappy with-"

Suddenly, I raised my hand to shut him up. I heard something. The sound of stomping, like something running fast. My demonic chest froze its movement as I realized what that sound was.

_Humans_.

"Ahh! SKELETON COMMANDER! Skeleton Commander! The humans are coming!"

My hands started shaking and I started freaking out as I realized that we had a paltry number of demons to deal with any large number of humans, and there seemed to be a _lot_ storming down that hallway.

And then my eyes narrowed and I quickly looked at Tvoorik. "Ah! The door! Get it open!"

Tvoorik quickly jumped into action, yanking the lizardman door open as we climbed in and he shut it behind us.

"Heh, I told you this would be smart."

"S-shut up!" I hissed at him in the darkness. "They're coming!"

He carefully slid open a small viewing hatch so that we could peek through and see what happened. My firey heart was beating faster than it ever had before in my entire life.
