Part 311a

Space. The final frontier.

These are the voyages of the starship... uh... Mothership. That sounds rather clunky, now that I think about it. Maybe the Mothership starship? The Mothership Enterprise? No, that would be silly.

Our continuing mission: To explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations. (I mean, Umi has already informed me there's no other life in this galaxy than Earth and Volgarius, but a man can dream I suppose.) And uh also TO BOLDLY GO WHERE NO MAN HAS GONE BEFORE!

Alright, not really. It's more like a sightseeing tour while I also sort of look for new worlds I might make habitable for humanity, should the worst happen... but that really doesn't matter, I guess. Exploring the galaxy has been much more fun than constantly fighting or trying to save the universe.

Over the last decade, Amelia, Harold, Helen and I have been to many interesting places... we've seen a lot of things. Being able to manufacture Trifrancium means I can travel around the galaxy at ridiculous speeds. Making enough for an entire fleet takes far too long, but for a single ship, it's a simple enough process. At warp 9, it takes only a day and a half to travel 14,000 light-years to Volgarius' previous location, and I can easily replenish my Trifrancium reserves faster than my ship can use them up.

Because the majority of my clones are either on this ship or in the special dimension I created a few years ago, only a dozen or so are left to monitor activities on Earth. The special clone, Agent X, has been sending me a lot of troubling news lately. Sadly, this has cut my extended vacation short and we're on our way back to Earth now.

My thoughts are interrupted by Amelia as she meanders into view.

"What are you up to?"

Her question is less out of interest, more because she seems to hang around me a lot nowadays. I'm not sure if it's because of boredom or something else, but I have no reasons to complain.

I peek over and take in her figure. She's aged a few more years, visibly speaking, and looks to be in her very early 20's. The aging process for her is slower than a normal human, but very visible. She doesn't look like a child anymore... actually, if I'm being honest, she's incredibly attractive. I have to keep my guard up around her, since Arthur constantly nags me about how dangerous she is... but I'm beginning to wonder about that. She hasn't done a single bad thing in almost twenty years. Hell, she's performed less evil acts than I have, given I destroyed an entire goddamn planet.

"I'm just looking at some reports Agent X sent me. Look at this... they've instated a curfew." I slide some papers over to her. Lately, I've started using physical paper, since it can't be intercepted like data can. Earth's technological parity with Volgarius, pre-destruction, is leaping upwards at an incredible rate.

Amelia slides into a chair, leaning over the table as her hair spills from behind her over her shoulders. It's so long now, at least three feet. It was always somewhat long in the past, but now it seems to gain a few inches every year. I once asked if she'd like to cut it and she seemed horrified at the thought.

As she glances at the paper, she shrugs. "What's a curfew?"

"Ah, right. It's a word that means you have to be in bed at a certain time, or in the case of the government, it means all citizens must be indoors by a certain hour. Usually, if they're not, they get thrown in jail or punished in some other way."

Amelia frowns. "That sounds pretty bad. Are you going to take over, then? Is it time to remove him from power?"

Amelia's voice is deeper than it used to be, and her childlike excitable nature has taken a backseat to a more mature, analytical style. She used to be very quick to rush to judgement, but now she seems calm, cool, and collected. This is further evidenced by how seriously she takes any competition, including something insignificant, like an occasional game of chess. Actually, I keep losing to her, lately.

"No. It's not my place. Besides, as far as I can tell, despite the harsh conditions the humans are living under, this all seems to be done with positive intentions. The demons dropped a nuclear bomb on a major city close to humanity's capital. That's alarming. If the demons really have set up forward bases on Earth, and especially over where the United States of America used to be, there's very likely to be several such nuclear weapons in that place. He's right to be cautious... I would be too."

Amelia continues reading through the report, setting it aside a few moments later as a look of boredom passes over her face. "What is the meaning of life?"

I feel my eye twitch at the random change of topic. "Uh, come again?"

"I've been thinking about it a lot, lately. I'm immortal, you're immortal, demons are immortal, angels are mostly immortal, gods are immortal, and the Volgrim were also immortal. Only humans, until the discovery of nanobots, weren't immortal. But..." Amelia's forehead creases in a sort of adorable manner. "...I've been talking with mother, and she says that it's best not to worry about the future. When I do think about it, it makes me kind of... scared. We might live to see the end of the universe, you know?"

"Maybe. Then again, who knows. A star might explode and kill us or something. Anything can happen in this timeline."

I feel my smile falter as I say those words. Did I really just say that? Yeah, I did. I killed her, with a supernova. Or rather, I didn't, but Hoarhiim did. Still, I feel like it was my fault somehow, and yet here I am joking about it.

"Sorry." I apologize for some reason, the word slipping out before I can stop it.

Her smile slips away as well. "Why are you apologizing?"

"Nothing. It's not important."

She and I stare awkwardly at each other for a moment before I break eye contact and stare off to the side. Shit, I'm feeling guilty. I killed the her that murdered an entire planet. She was evil, then. She's not evil right now... so long as repentance is a thing. If one can atone for their sins, then they should be judged based on their current actions.

"Jason. There's something you're not telling me, isn't there?" Amelia's oddly perceptive mind these days comes back to bite me.

I shift uneasily in my seat. "There's a lot I haven't told you, won't tell you, and simply can't tell you. Not just you, but nobody else in the universe right now. I have to bear that burden alone."

Amelia nods slowly, as the amiable atmosphere from earlier is all but gone now. "All right. I'll be in the training room. If you want, you can come join me in a bit."

I nod at her and smile weakly. "Yeah, I'll be there soon. I just need to get in contact with Agent X first."

Amelia leaves the room, and now I'm alone with my thoughts.

All alone, just like I was when this all started. What do I do next?

Dosena sighed as the last beam was finally soldered together. This was the final step to completing the frame of the new recreational area. Frankly, none of the Volgrim here had any desire to have 'fun', but one of Jason's clones had suggested that it would be better than simply mulling around and doing nothing.

What did he expect though? She had no goal anymore. Unarin had always been the one to lead the Volgrim to new destinations, to expand their borders, to make sure they had something to strive for.

How long had it been? Dosena had lost track of time here. The days seemed longer than the ones on Volgarius. The star that had been created was much yellower than the one she had lived under for millions of orbital cycles. This one was likely based off the star that warmed Jason's homeworld. It functioned, of course, but it just wasn't right.

Leaving this place was impossible. Several times, she had debated killing the clone that monitored this zone, but the gesture would be fruitless. Jason could just summon another, and she still wouldn't be able to escape. She knew little about how his abilities worked, only that a being like him who could create an entire world inside of a totally different dimension was not bound by the laws of physics that she knew.

However, there was something going on. For a long time now, the clone here had been... uncomfortable. It wasn't like he would simply start fearing her fellow Volgrim from out of nowhere, but every time he looked into her eyes, she was able to sense a vague feeling of... guilt? Sadness? She wasn't very adept at understanding the subtle nuances of human emotions, but there was something under the surface.

Just as he could not read her mind, however, she could not read his. It hadn't always been this way. When she first met the original, so far in the past, reading his mind had been as easy as plucking a plant out of the ground. His incredible abilities had somehow allowed him to block her out effortlessly. She didn't know how he did it, but she did know his mental barriers never faltered. Even in sleep, she had to focus her mind to prevent intrusion, but he had no such issues. His defense was impenetrable.

Dosena sighed, as she lifted the steel beam up into the air with her telekinetic power. Setting it in place, she held it there while the other Volgrim rushed around, making sure it was bolted and soldered into place perfectly. The instruments they used were primitive and crude, but effective in practice.

Finally, she wandered back to her living quarters. If they needed her again, they would let her know.

"We'll be lucky to make it another hundred years, at this rate." Zeus and the archangel Gabriel stood atop a skyscraper that had been recently constructed in the heart of London. It was supposed to be one of the ten biggest buildings in the world, now that most of the other ones had been destroyed by various causes over the last hundred years. When one explained it in that way, however, it simply made the building seem far less impressive, given it was only a hundred stories tall.

Gabriel shook his head sadly. "The humans deny our help at every opportunity. They're shunning us. The only people who give us any spiritual energy are those in the Church of Retribution. They seem to believe that we are agents of the Creator, sent to wipe out all unbelievers, as well as the demons."

Zeus groaned as he rubbed his temples. "A crazy fanatical cult. Is this really all that's left of the once almighty Christian and Arabic empires? Even Hinduism, Taoism, and all the other Eastern religions are dead. Humans used to always gravitate towards religion in times of crisis. What changed?"

"You've got it all wrong. Humans weren't looking for religion, they simply wanted something secure they could put their faith in." A voice rang out from behind Zeus and Gabriel, as the two of them spun around in alarm.

"Satan?! What are you doing here?" Gabriel clenched his fists together as he stared down the intimidating devil that stood before him. Alongside Satan, a female succubus stood, her body and curves making even a hardened archangel like himself feel slightly intoxicated.

"Zeus, Gabriel. A pleasure. It's been so long since we had a little chat."

Zeus glared at the devil. "Why are you here? Come to pick a fight? The humans are at least partially still on our side, and I doubt even you can stand up to their war machines. If we make a commotion, they'll be upon us in minutes."

Belial sighed as she rolled her eyes. "Calm down, Captain Sparkles. If we wanted a fight, we'd have brought along more than just Satan and little ol' me, don't you think?"

Zeus reflexively flexed his fist as he eyeballed the sultry femme fatale. He could tell in a glance that she was more than a pretty face. Those small arms and lithe limbs held many secrets, and she was surely an accomplished fighter, based on the aura she exuded. Best not to underestimate her.

"A talk, is it? What could you possibly have to say that I'd want to hear?"

Satan flicked his gaze out and over the edge of the skyscraper, to the city below. This high up, its sounds were muted, but at least somewhat audible. It was a city in distress. Red and blue lights lit up the night, far below them, as the sound of sirens could be heard from all over.

"Things really aren't going well for you, are they? They aren't going well for me, either." Satan licked his lips suggestively as he held frame against that of the King of Gods.

"Heh, so I've heard." Gabriel let a small smile slip as he chuckled quietly. "It seems the humans are taking you out with ease now, as I always knew they would. I didn't think they would reduce you to such a pitiful state, but clearly you haven't been holding out quite so well."

"That's cute. Admit it, we're both in dire straits. If the humans kept their current technology levels, my people would be able to hold out for another millennium or so, but that isn't going to happen. Instead, they're going to keep improving and killing more and more of us with improved efficiency. And then for yourself, you need a constant supply of spiritual energy. Since you're losing energy much faster than you can replace it, you're going to start losing angels left and right." Satan leaned forwards slightly as a smile spread across his face. "That is, if you haven't already."

Zeus's eye twitched. "I am aware of both our situations. I don't need you to remind me... foul creature. Get on with it. Why are you here?"

Satan put on a mock expression of indignity. "I can't believe you would insult me so! Why, I always thought of the two of us as friends! Surely you don't continue to hold any dislike towards me for silly actions that happened in our past?"

Gabriel sneered. "Cut the jokes."

His face falling back to a neutral expression, Satan breathed in sharply. "Fine. I have a proposition. I hate you, and you hate me, we both agree on that. However, if this continues, both of us will watch helplessly as all of our kind die under the tyranny of the humans. The humans may not be your enemy now, but you and I both can see a shift coming. They've already started shunning you. Once they eliminate my kind, they will turn towards you next. Unlike the demons, you're already greatly weakening due to lack of spiritual energy. Your current position is... how should I say it... tenuous, at best."

Satan snickered to himself. "Hehe, I just had a funny thought. I so desperately want to get revenge on you, but if you don't choose to work with me, I will likely at least die knowing that you'll be next. At least that thought will be a comforting one in my final moments."

Gabriel stifled himself from showing any outward emotions. "As if. Everyone here knows that if it came down to that, you'd merely create a small dimension where the humans couldn't find you and you'd simply go into hiding, the lives of your own kind be damned. You care nothing for their lives, despite your outward pretensions."

Satan immediately snapped his eyes over to the archangel as a sneer formed on his lips. "How dare you. You've no room to talk yourself. You couldn't care less about a single one of the angels born from your pet project. At best, you might care about the other archangels and some of the higher ranked gods, but you are a hypocrite in every meaning of the word. You-"

Belial cut him off quickly. "Calm down, my love. We're not here for that. Remember why we came here?"

Satan seethed for a moment before he swallowed and spoke again, more carefully this time. "Right. Here's my proposal. I'm not saying that we need to work together, but I have a solution that will benefit the both of us, and it's regarding that cult you mentioned before."

Gabriel and Zeus both narrowed their eyes simultaneously. Zeus pursed his lips as he realized the reason the demon might have come here. "Go on. I'm listening."