Part 292a:

Forget the 24th century, the world might be ending hundreds of years ahead of schedule.

Amelia and I had worked together to destroy a few dozen of the Dragoons, but I was beginning to feel exhaustion set in. Even using wordsmithing to refresh my mind and body occasionally wasn't doing what it needed for me.

For three straight days, well past Christmas day, we've fought. No breaks, just unending war. Humans are dwindling in numbers as they're being forced to quickly suit up fresh faces for war. An emergency draft is underway as Beatrix hauls in thousands of people who've never seen combat a day in their lives.

I've already lost some clones. A couple dozen, a small impact considering they number a few thousand now, but nevertheless... I've lost more clones over the last three days than I have the entire century previous. That is actually more frightening than it might sound, given I hadn't lost a single clone until yesterday. My clones are getting sloppy, but also creative.

Having adopted my 'Lancer' strategy, my clones are also taking out Dragoons when encountered, always traveling in twos, using 'swap' and 'clone' to create new suits when needed. The damage to these suits is magical, not physical, meaning the only way to repair a broken suit is to reinforce it dozens of times again and again. Keeping in mind the suits are far more durable and resilient than diamond, adamantium, and any other known alloy, a simple 'repair' spell won't do the trick.

"Centurion, what is Earth's estimated surviving population as of this moment?"

I take a few moments from the chaos to catch a breather as I jump into a nearby tree, quickly examining the chaos with my own eyes.

"PILOT JASON HIRO. THE CURRENT KNOWN REMAINING POPULATION OF EARTH, COUNTING ONLY HUMANS, IS ONE BILLION, TWO HUNDRED MILLION, THREE HUNDRED AND TWENTY THOU-"

I cut him off quickly as he fired off the numbers. "I get the picture. How many are estimated missing? Round it, please."

"PILOT JASON HIRO, ROUGHLY FOUR HUNDRED MILLION ARE ESTIMATED MISSING, WHILE FIVE BILLION CANNOT BE ACCOUNTED FOR DUE TO LACK OF REPORTS FROM THE NORTH AND SOUTH AMERICAN CONTINENTS."

I swallowed hard as he gave me the numbers. "What number of remaining survivors are of military age and capable of fighting?"

There was a short pause as Centurion crunched the numbers. "A RAPID ESTIMATION GIVES BACK FOUR HUNDRED MILLION TO SEVEN HUNDRED MILLION HUMANS OF MILITARY AGE."

I lowered my head, as the numbers set in. It was unthinkable. Earth had lost countless humans, and the Volgrim, while also suffering substantial losses, had realized a war of attrition was their best chance of eliminating us.

What had changed? Desperation must be setting in. If what Dosena had told me was true, their home world would soon be destroyed due to the collapse of their star. If that were the case and somehow their timetable had accelerated, this might be a sort of desperate last resort for them.

What bothered me though, above many other things, was that the leader of the Volgrim was such a powerful magic user. Creating a gas that could devour all life, transporting himself to another dimension... surely terraforming a planet should be within his means magically, if not technologically. And for such an advanced race as the Volgrim, why had they not simply terraformed a new planet?

I shook my head to clear away the thoughts. This wasn't the time.

Ben staggered back from the front lines, his body bent forwards as he also fought to catch his breath. "I... hah... I hope you're done taking a nap, Judicator!"

He flopped down at the base of the tree I was sitting at as he breathed heavily. I jumped to the ground, landing beside him with a solid 'thud'.

"Ben. How's it looking? How long can we hold the line?"

He shook his head. "Not long. We've got maybe a day before we're relying entirely on fresh recruits and a handful of generals. I think we're being sabotaged internally too. Hovercraft keep breaking down, plasma rifles keep jamming, and too many ion grenades have misfired for it to all be a coincidence."

A grimace slips over my face, not that Ben can see it. Sabotage. We can't afford to lose more men and women, yet lose them we will, if this keeps up. Even another ten thousand more hypersuit commandos who have trained heavily their whole lives wouldn't be an elite enough force to defeat this foe. It's like trying to kill a swarm of rats with a baseball bat. Our power is far greater than theirs thanks to the almost cheating nature of the hypersuits, but their numbers overwhelm us entirely.

"Rome is gone. Jerusalem, even Paris is on the brink of destruction. We haven't heard from Japan all day. China is either maintaining radio silence or they're gone, or at the least they've had their communications badly disrupted."

Ben lowers his head as he pops open to wipe tears from his eyes. "Fuck. For it to come to this... I can't even comprehend how many of my friends have died today, Judicator. Tell me... tell me... do you have an ace up your sleeve? Do you have anything that can help us now?"

I swallow carefully as I flip through my options. _Genocide_ is one of them. I've never used that word before, and it has a very high chance of backfiring. What if it doesn't kill just the Volgrim, but all other life too? What if it's too weak and only kills some? What if it's plenty powerful, but the magical strain kills me in the process? I've nearly had all of these things happen to me in the past. My wordsmithing has limits, and those limits have nearly resulted in my death many times before.

Of course, this isn't my only possible ace in the hole. There's also... the angels. By now, given how many humans have died, their ranks must be swelling with dead humans. Thought Energy is likely growing beyond slim. At this rate, if humanity dies, the angels will too. But if I call them in for reinforcements, this could be the catalyst that kills them...

...No. It's as I feared. It's almost as if time is repeating the events that will lead to the future I came from. It all adds up. I don't know the details, but the broader picture matches. Even if I don't ask the angels to join in the fight, they must know by now the dire situation we're in. They're probably going to join in to aid their own self preservation.

I glanced back over my shoulder at the city of London. Beautiful resplendent, at least ordinarily... it was in ruins now. The inner city was, for now, untouched, but the outer city limits were a crumbling facade of its previous glory. Amelia wasn't here on the frontlines now, I'd sent her back to rest in the shelter with the other people. She had pinkie promised me that she wouldn't hurt anyone, only Volgrim or demons if they showed up. Having suffered an injury that would easily kill an ordinary human instantly, she was resting with that kid and the other survivors.

If I don't protect this city... if I don't protect humanity, it's all over. Maybe Umi was right. Maybe humans are parasites that will destroy themselves and all other life. But I have to take a chance. I have to trust my gut and do what I can to save my species. I have friends now, and I can't just let them die.

"Ben. I'm leaving the battlefield. Do what you can while I'm gone."

Ben jerked his head to the side and gawked at me. "What?! You can't be- at a time like this?!"

I nodded quickly. "I'm going to get reinforcements. It's time I used my trump card."

His jaw hanging slack, he stared at me for several moments before regaining his senses. "Reinforcements? Who the hell would be able to give us aid at a time like this? There's nobody who doesn't already have their hands tied left. There's just... nobody."

"Ben." I turned and flicked my visor open, exposing my face to him. Ben jerked away from me, not expecting a sudden face reveal. "I consider you one of my closest friends. My real name is Jason Hiro. I was born in the year 1998. And... I've been keeping something from you, and the rest of humanity. Something important. I'd tell you what that is, but you'll see soon enough. It's time to put my faith in humanity, and let them place their full trust in me."

Ben stared carefully at my face, imprinting it to his memory as best as he could. "Jason... Hiro... so you're the one we've called Judicator, huh?" He swallowed carefully as he flicked his eyes from me to a massive explosion in the distance, and back again. "Jason... I've always put my trust in you. I'll continue to trust you until the day I die. Bring us your reinforcements. I just hope to god they're at least as useful as your... clones are."

I felt a smile creep onto my face as he mentioned 'god'. "Oh yes. And then some. I'll be back soon, don't you worry."

Closing my visor up, I used a word I hadn't spoken in quite a long time. " **Teleport.** "

...................................................................

Ricky dabbed the cotton ball gently on Amelia's arm, but she still winced. The nurses were all busy helping the older folks, ones who hadn't had an injection of retention drugs in a while. Their nanobots weren't performing adequately enough, given their advanced age. Ricky didn't know a single thing about first aid, but he did what he could.

Amelia breathed shallowly as her chest rose and fell barely a centimeter at a time. Of course, the gaping hole in her chest had been healed by Jason before he put her here, but the spiritual energy loss had been tremendous. She was laying on her back, both arms flopping lifelessly beside her inert body. She could hardly move at all, her fingers barely twitching whenever Ricky dabbed at the few remaining open wounds with his cotton balls.

Ricky wiped sweat from his head. Despite being the middle of winter and freezing cold outside, it was close to a hundred degrees in this Hyperbowl dome. The failsafes had fizzled out thanks to damage to the grid, and the upper space heaters were now working nonstop, unable to monitor the temperature outside.

Ricky took another dip of the washcloth in the basin and placed it on Amelia's head. Glancing down at his holo-watch, he carefully read the first aid instructions as they were given to him, not missing even a single word.

Amelia coughed slightly as her eyes slowly blinked open. "Ricky... oh, you're here... too..."

Ricky nearly jumped out of his skin. "You're awake! I was so worried!"

Amelia didn't smile or express any emotion as her eyes closed again. "Where am I...?"

"We're in the Hyperbowl dome. It's one of the emergency refugee shelters for when the big bad aliens attack!"

"Oh... where's Jason, then?"

Ricky cocked an eyebrow. Jason? The name didn't ring a bell at all. "I don't know who that is."

"He's... the guy in the suit... the white suit..."

Ricky suddenly nodded enthusiastically. "Oh yeah! You must mean Judicator, not Jason! His suit has the Eagle on it, right? He's that time traveler guy! He's so cool!"

Amelia swallowed as saliva was building up in her throat. "Mmm. Yeah, him. So... where is he?"

Ricky shrugged, then realized her eyes were closed and she couldn't see him. "Dunno. He dropped you off here, called for me, and left. He's prolly still fighting the aliens."

Amelia exhaled slowly as she gritted her teeth together. A sharp wave of pain had erupted in her chest from speaking. She hadn't experienced pain like this in centuries. After a few moments, she recovered her senses and opened her eyes again slowly. "That's... just like him. Ah, now I remember. I was awake. I got hit by a big spider-thing. It shot me with its gun. Levvy saved me. Jason brought me here... I remember now."

Ricky nodded and smiled as the two of them stared at each other for a few moments. He started to say something but suddenly the dome was filled with an incredibly bright light, as something incredibly shiny and radiant lit up the entire sky outside. The outside of the dome was covered on top by extremely dense nano-glass, which kept the weather out, but allowed the light in.

Ricky winced as the unbelievably brilliant light blasted in, slowly moving across the horizon. After a few moments, his eyes had adjusted and he looked up into the sky, seeing thousands of tiny figures flying across the sky, let by one figure that was easily a hundred times their size. Even from here, Ricky could clearly make out the wings, the white clothing, the armor... it was almost as if...

Amelia stared up at the sky, her mind almost being unable to comprehend what she was seeing. "Angels... It can't be..."

...................................................................

Beatrix stared blankly at the videos arriving on her feed. These images were utterly preposterous. Angels? It couldn't be.

Several officers who had been running about frantically paused to gawk at the main viewscreen affixed to the wall. There was one titanic angel, towering over all others, and tens of thousands of other ones following immediately behind him.

Where they had come from was anyone's guess. Some said that if they looked directly up at the sun in the sky, the angels appeared to come out of the brightness itself.

But despite being angels, were they friend or foe?

No. Wait. Beatrix suddenly cast her eyes down to her feet as several other distinct thoughts presented themselves. If these were actually angels, then... suddenly the odd 'demonic variant' Volgrim made all too much sense. They weren't variants. The man she had spoken with, just a few days previously, he had mentioned magical energy. He had said something unsettling about Judicator's origins, but now... she had to believe what he was saying, at least a little bit.

"Those can't seriously be angels, can they?" A young female field officer stared hopefully at the screen before her.

Beatrix opened her mouth to speak, but was verbally tossed aside as a different voice spoke up from the doorway of the room. "Indeed they are, dear friends. Angels, demons, aliens, humans, da. The four true players in this war."

Beatrix glanced to her side to see a familiar man standing in the doorway, wearing a pinstriped military suit with a dozen medals attached to the front pocket, just above his heart. Smoking a vintage Cuban cigar, he strode forwards with purpose to the War Table.

Beatrix stifled a glare at him. He was a veteran player in the war, and an important man, especially when it came to his iron-fisted discipline on board the starship legion he commanded. While he was well known for disliking Beatrix, humanity came before petty civil disputes. "Stonewall. Glad to see you here. You know about these angels?"

"Da. I have many contacts who have enlightened me on their nature too, da. Temporary allies, they are. Expendable pawns to protect our own men and women. If they are here, then we have entered the final stage of this Christmas Genocide."

Beatrix blanched. "The final stage? Then they're going to turn on us?"

Stonewall chuckled. "Is that thick head of yours empty? I mean it is the chance for us to completely destroy the alien scum, for good. We will begin the pushback at once, da."

Turning his head, he spoke to an ensign on the bridge. "You there, you control the targeting systems for long ranged missiles, da?"

The young man nodded nervously. "Yes, Fleet Commander Stonewall, sir."

"Excellent. Target these coordinates with a high-yield ion barrage, followed by a bunker-buster stormhead missile." Stonewall handed a slip of paper to the young man.

The young man glanced uneasily from the paper to Beatrix. "Supreme Commander...?"

She flicked her eyes towards Stonewall. "You wanna tell me what's going on?"

"I have intel. I use the intel. Do I need your permission, _Supreme Commander_?" Stonewall inserted the slightest mocking tone into his voice, causing Beatrix to clench a fist inside her pocket.

"No. Do what you will, we're glad to have you helping us."

"Of course you are." Stonewall blinked slowly as his gaze traveled back to the young ensign. The man was already quickly typing the numbers in, his eyes twitching as he saw where they were aiming. "Sir... these coordinates are... right outside the city."

"I am aware, green. Fire."

The young man shot a glance over at Beatrix for the slightest of moments before pressing the 'fire' command.

"Track the shots. I want to see the impact zone." Beatrix spoke to the young man, as Stonewall smiled ever so slightly. The holoscreen instantly changed to a satellite signal as it showed the area they were targeting. Volgrim appeared to be flowing out of an unseen spot on screen, firing immediately on the humans a short distance away as they took up flanking positions.

Beatrix blanched. "We have soldiers there! They're going to die!"

The smile disappeared from Stonewall's face. "Some will die, da. A sacrifice for the greater good. We will seal off their portal to our world, or we will die. The angels will help us clean up your mess afterwards."

Beatrix glanced uneasily at Stonewall. "What are you insinuating, _Mister Sokolov_? Are you implying this is somehow my fault?"

A snarl passed by Stonewall's lips momentarily at her use of his last name before he quickly righted himself. "Of course not, my dear Beatrix. These aliens were an unexpected attack. However, the way you have dealt with their invasion is... inadequate."

Beatrix felt fury building as she struggled to right herself. "So you're saying you might have done a better job?"

"Da. I already am. You never even thought to seal off their method of arrival. Take a look."

Just as she turned back, a hail of ion-cannon fire smashed into the area, followed by a massive explosion as the bunker buster detonated directly on the spot where the Volgrim appeared to be entering through.

"But... that couldn't possibly seal the portal. That might kill many Volgrim, but they can still come here."

Stonewall raised and wagged a chiding finger. "Ah, my dear Beatrix. You are wrong. The explosion passed through their portal, crippling the inner facility where they make these gates to enter our world. You know so little, I fear."

Beatrix gawked as she stared at the screen. Indeed, no more Volgrim were appearing as the rest scattered in confusion. Without a steady stream of reinforcements, they would eventually be dispatched.

"Inner facility... how do you know anything about how they're making these portals?"

Stonewall shrugged. "Is surprising you do not know, to be honest." He took a long slow drag off his cigar. "Did you think these portals simply appeared from nowhere? They had to be made from somewhere, a central facility is obvious answer, da?"

As he spoke the rhetorical question, a smile cracked on the side of his mouth. "Of course, I was told of this by one of many moles I have inside the Volgrim ranks. You cannot defeat they who you do not understand."

Turning around slowly and deliberately, Stonewall walked away from the War Table. "I will be back after you have cleaned up mess. We will be discussing your upcoming re-election campaign in great detail, I assure you. The people will know who saved humanity in the end."

Beatrix felt her face lighting up red as he confidently strode out of the room, ignoring any response she might have. As the door closed she quickly barked at a nearby ensign. "Status update!"

The young girl flinched at her tone and quickly scanned the screen in front of her. "T-the Volgrim numbers have stopped rising, their supply lines around the world seem to have been cut off. We don't have any contact with a few member countries... but... it seems that Fleet Commander Stonewall was..." The girl glanced over at Beatrix before lowering her gaze. "...right."

Beatrix slowly panned the room with her eyes. Nearly everyone had their eyes fixed on her. A few were shaking their heads ever so slightly.

Swallowing carefully and deliberately, she brought her temper down to normal levels. "I see. Thank you for the... status update. Let's get back to fighting, we don't need any more dead soldiers on our hands, ladies and gentlemen."

As she raised her gaze to the holoscreen, she eyeballed the angels that had just arrived on the battlefield. _What the hell was going on?_
