Part 101:

I awoke in a cold sweat. My clone stood over me, silently. Thankfully, my ploy had worked.

General Alexander and I had planned the attack on Mephisto for weeks. We didn't know much about him, but I've gained a lot of power over these few years. I've lost a lot of friends too. Too many...

Ever since Hoarhiim ceased to exist, I've been searching for answers. I need to solve the puzzles. Nothing I try will bring him back to life, no words or spells, nothing. He seems to be completely dead, but his orb stays warm, no matter what. I refuse to believe he is completely gone.

Many think me mad, but I believe that if I can achieve enough power and energy, I may be able to bring him back. He was my first real friend, he protected me, even at the cost of his own life, and I will not let him be forgotten so easily.

I stared at the flowers in the jar next to my bed. Phoebe must have put them there. She's always so thoughtful like that. She's been with me by my side for twelve years now. Ten years since Amelia was defeated. The demon kings, dukes, and lords no longer approach me, since they know I am dangerous. Those who do are swiftly defeated.

Today was unique though, as Mephisto was the first duke I've faced. He was definitely troublesome, with that intangibility... but thanks to my careful preparation and use of the Crown of Solomon, I had given myself enough leeway to deal with any irregularities during the battle.

I'm... maturing. I wasn't originally able to fully realize the power of Solomon's Crown, but I'm much more skilled at battle tactics than before. To be honest though, I'm giving myself too much credit. It was Captain Adams, the man I had left as co-ruler of the city, who had made the suggestion. "We have forty million men women and children. Why not make use of them and take the fight to the demons?"

The idea seemed silly. What use were regular humans against powerful demons, even against lesser monsters? But then Captain Adams explained his plan to me in great detail. It was a simple plan, really.

First, I start making clones. My clones don't vanish over time. Even if it takes a decent chunk of energy out of me, each clone will last forever or until they're killed, and they're far stronger than the average human.

Next, I set the clones to start training regiments of human soldiers, buffing the soldier's abilities gradually over time, hunting down the ones who seem most skilled and promoting them up the ladder.

By creating a formalized military force, and using the powers of my wordsmithing, we quickly began advancing the human army forwards, and soon we were a formidable force. Individually we were definitely weaker than the demons, but we possessed large numbers, and my clones were effectively their own fighting, mage, and healer force.

For his talent, I came to realize that I was not a worthy brandisher of the Crown of Solomon. So, contrary to every emotion in my body, I gifted it to him.

The results were astounding. I... am not a military genius. I'm a pretty smart guy, but I shouldn't be leading armies into battle. At least, not tactically. Adams, with the Crown of Solomon on, recreated my entire notion of a tactical genius. If I didn't know any better, I'd call him the reincarnation of Solomon himself.

Humanity's Army of Labyrinth Liberation. HALL. Adams named our new army to inspire zealousness for us, and fear for the enemy. HALL came to be a name whispered and feared among the low ranking demons, and openly debated among the high rankers. They just don't know how to deal with us.

It's been ten long years, but finally, we're ready to take the fight to them.

General Alexander, a high ranking officer in the army of HALL was by my bedside. "Good morning Slayer. It is a great joy to see you awake, though your clone would not have let you die so easily."

I nodded as I yawned. "We won, correct?"

His mouth jerked lightly as he replied. "Yes, but the results weren't... entirely positive. Demon planet Beta Omnicron 4 is... gone."

I stared into his eyes. "...Gone? What do you mean?"

He stared back, his eyes boring into my soul. "What I mean is... that meteor wiped out all life on the planet. You badly overdid it."

I swallowed. "My god... I... curses..." I muttered under my breath as I bowed my head towards my legs. I wanted a big meteor to strike down and destroy the army in a single shot, but that was...

Alexander cleared his throat. "Don't worry about it. We lost the planet, but there are plenty of others. One loss won't kill us. You safely recalled all our troops to the capital, as instructed, so the damage was minor."

I chuckled wryly. "Yes... and clearly my clone recalled himself and I in the nick of time." I glanced up at the clone. He stared ahead, blankly. Looks are deceiving. They don't speak unless receiving orders or casting spells, except for unique circumstances, but the clones are surprisingly free-willed. They also make for merciless drill sergeants and grill the troops like nobody's business.

I looked back to Alexander. "How is the door garrison doing? Anything to note?"

He shook his head. The twenty clones there are well taken care of, no intruders have been sighted in Hero City for months. Oh, and before you ask, the portal room is secured too."

I nodded again. The portal room. Another of Adams' brilliant ideas. I was the only known being who could create them. If I used the Crown's mental mapping ability, I could summon a portal to any spot anywhere in all universes and dimensions. I simply had to either know exactly where it was, or have another clone in that location. Adams had a special room built and a clone left on standby who could summon portals that led to any clone or any mental mapping spot in the labyrinth. The latter was only possible if said clone wore the crown.

To that end, since only one person could wear the Crown at any given time, Adams and I had created a co-ownership rule and set it on the crown. Myself, any of my clones, or Adams could wear it at any given time. It's worked out well for us. Humanity is at a peak never before witnessed.

Alexander spoke again. "Ah, that reminds me. Adams wishes to speak to you regarding something. Would you be so kind as to go see him when you're feeling better?"

I nodded. "I'm feeling fantastic right now. I really know how to heal myself, isn't that right, me?" I aimed my question in the general direction of my clone. He didn't respond. Man, that me is a real jerk.

"Good to hear. Make it soon, then. You know how his plans require as much time as possible."

"Right, right." I said simply, as I rose off the bed. I wonder what he wants to talk about?
