Part 279a:

Paris... a beautiful city in the past, but one that has been reduced to rubble three times in the last fifty years.

Parisians have it hard. Even with the massive worldwide remodeling that took place, Parisians of all people were very fearful of technology after the nanobot hacking incident in 2027. They had the highest percentage of enhanced humans of any major city in the world, and it backfired horribly. Now they are among the lowest, with the government even banning human enhancements, to the chagrin of some 20% of their people.

I can't say I blame the government, though. Between debris from outer space, the entire population going serial-killer crazy for two straight days, and the Volgrim attacks, every cleanup effort has been halted halfway through and they're only finally managing to pull themselves together.

I walked down the streets of Paris, surveying the Eiffel Tower district. It's rebuilt now, and in decent shape. I can't see why they didn't make any improvements to it, perhaps turning it into a transmitter tower or a weather control platform. It's so odd that in the modern day world, there exists a major metropolitan city that leaves its weather to chance. They could always ask Versailles to alter Paris' weather, but it takes a lot more energy to use a remote tower than it does to use a local tower. HAARP proved that in the early 2000's.

After an hour or so, I arrive in the slums where the migrants tend to congregate. It's quite filthy here, with debris littered all over the streets, buildings that have become rickety as time went on, and the _smell_ of the place is oftentimes vomit inducing. It smells like someone left a massive pile of bananas and other assorted fruits in the sun for too long. Occasionally I see children playing in the streets, but when they spot me, they run away quickly. Seems people aren't too keen on strangers in these parts.

Of course, I'm not wearing my Hypersuit right now. Instead, I'm wearing a plain brown leather jacket, with a pair of blue jeans and some black sneakers. I'm not exactly trying to fit in with the local population, but I certainly don't want people knowing a Hypersuit Commando is here. We're quite world famous and it would make investigations rather hard.

My face is disguised too. I took a mental image of a random police officer I found back in the states and copied his face onto mine, along with a few small alterations, just in case. Wouldn't want the guy getting fired for being spotted in a totally different country when he was supposed to be on the job! Facial recognition in security cameras is a nightmare these days.

Walking down the street, I quietly use my word magic to inspect various items and buildings. It's like having Sherlock Holmes powers, but without putting any effort into it. My innate telepathy is also sweeping the area, trying to let me find any clues that I can as to Amelia's whereabouts. I could just use 'locate' to find her, but I don't want that... _thing_ knowing I'm looking.

Shuffling up to a ramshackle beaten up old auto repair shop, I happen to see a man inside, whirring away with a drill on a nice looking red Chevy, probably something from the 60's by the looks of it, though I'm not good with identifying cars. It's got a spoiler on the back, though I can't help but wonder what the heck purpose that serves.

I amble up to him and cough to announce my presence. The man stops drilling and glances at me. "Can I... help you?" No trace of a French accent. I detect a hint of a British or possibly Australian accent in his voice, though it's hard to tell from his first words. The guy has a protective face-mask on, likely because of the welding tools I spot on his far side.

"Yes, if you please. I'm trying to find a friend of mine. She lives in the area, black hair, looks like she's about age 12-15. Her name is Amelia. Know her?"

The guy stares at me for a long few moments before slowly turning his gaze back to the car as he continues drilling. "Look, I don't want no trouble, alright pal? If you're a cop and you're trying to catch me up for something, get lost. Your kind ain't welcome here."

"I'm just looking for a friend, that's all." I try the sincere approach, hoping it works.

The guy shakes his head slowly. "Sure you are. Looking around for some little girl... you creeps disgust me. There's a titty bar down the road, head east five blocks and you'll see it on the right. At least get your fix with a mature woman."

I blanch at his words. Come to think of it, my request _was_ a little off in the head. I guess I can't blame him for jumping to wrong conclusions. "Uhh, I think you misunderstand, I'm not looking for anything... like that. She's my niece and I'm visiting from America. Please, if you could help me find out any idea of where she might live, I'll leave you alone."

The guy slowly rolls his eyes. "Christ. Thought she was your 'friend'? Now she's your niece, huh? There's an orphanage down the road, take a left on this street corner, head down two blocks, take a left, go another block, then take a right. It's called Hannah's Hope Heritage. Now piss off, fucking pedophile."

The guy angled his body away from me to put his back in my face. I saw him also reach down to his side as he placed his hand on a pistol. Best not to bother him any more. Smiling cheerfully, I say goodbye. "Thanks, sorry for bothering you."

"Get lost." Before he could pull the pistol, I beat a hasty retreat. It's not like the gun would hurt me in the slightest, but I didn't want to make a scene.

I walk away, gritting my teeth. Damn, I'm socially awkward, and that entire conversation could have gone so much worse than it already did. I need a new approach.

You know, I've never done very much questioning or interrogation. I don't know why this has never occurred to me, but with all my limitless powers, I've never tried to up my game in that department... hmm...

Some minutes later, I arrive at the orphanage the man spoke of. I knock on the door and a couple long minutes pass as nobody comes out. Just as I reach up to knock again, the door creaks open and an old woman peeks out. "What? What is it? Who are you?"

Her tone is almost accusatory in nature as her gaze moves up and down my body, squinting due to bad eyesight. "Uh, hello, my name is Steve Ackman, I'm looking to see if my niece lives here."

"Niece? You think one of these mongrels is yours? Ha! That's a good one." She glares at me but also laughs, and I'm not sure whether she's laughing _at_ me, or laughing _with_ me. Probably the former though.

"My niece is named Amelia. Is she living here?"

The old lady sneers at me. "Like I'd tell you! Hannah doesn't give away information to random strangers so easily!"

I frown at her remark. Hmm... this might be a good time to try something new.

Aiming my mind at her, I speak a single word. " **Truth.** "

She stares at me blankly and I try again. "Does a girl named Amelia live here?"

She stares at me blankly for another moment before shaking her head. "What a weirdo! I ain't telling you a thing! If you want to know about these kids, bring the adoption forms, or bring the police! Get out!"

Before I could respond, she slams the door on my face. Odd, she didn't say whether Amelia was there or not, and she acted as if my wordsmithing had no effect on her. I wonder what that means. Maybe 'Truth' isn't specific enough? Turning my mind to the inside of the house, my telepathy tells me there are fifteen kids inside, plus Hannah and an older man. None of the kids have any special mental barriers, and all of them seem normal. I don't think Amelia is here.

Pivoting on my heel, I sigh. This is going to be a long day.
