Part 129

Hercules walked alongside his father, the great god, Zeus. As the god of thunder and lightning, he possessed explosive power, and a temper to match. He was in the top ten gods, but when it came to his actual abilities, he was feared and respected by all of them. He had known for a great many eras that this was the case, and had thus secluded himself for an incredibly long time.

But Zeus had not gotten weaker. In fact, he was stronger now than he ever had been before. Like his father and his mother before him, Zeus was a Titan. Unlike other Titans though, he possessed even more strength than one would expect, seeing as he had been capturing and devouring angels in secret. Their deaths were always attributed to demons, but truly it was Zeus. Their wings were the most important part, as those concentrated their spiritual powers and gave rise to many different abilities of his. The most important ability had been his evolution that allowed him to control the weather, notably thunder and lightning.

Zeus was truly a mighty god, and soon, he'd have the chance to prove it. He was a fearless god, bringing only his son with him. He had many angels in the Court of the Holy Gardens who aligned more with him than they did Kronos' way of ruling, and he knew a few of the lesser and greater Gods were on his side too.

He approached the Throne of his father and his high court. Zeus stretched his shoulders around a bit.

"Great Lord, Kronos! I have come today to ask questions of you!"

No god ever called Kronos "father" as he had sired many many children among the female titans of old. Zeus had fathered a number of children himself, but their numbers were eclipsed by Kronos thanks to his vast age advantage.

Kronos, who was meditating on his throne, stirred. "Hmm? Zeus? Ah yes, it has been a long time since you made an appearance here in my court. What brings you to these walls?"

Zeus grimaced. _Playing the buffoon, eh?_ "Father, I have... heard from my own son, that there was... treachery.. on the battlefield. One of your angels caused a great battle, which would have been otherwise victorious, to go awry. He caused the death of many of my son's pawns. I want an explanation!"

Kronos stared down at the son standing before him. Zeus was, no doubt, one of his strongest children. Kronos feared none of his sons or daughters. Nevertheless, if he had to put up with their nonsense constantly, he'd never have time to rule.

"Zeus. Are you accusing someone in my court... of treachery?"

Zeus stared back evenly. "Yes." His glare met his father's emotionless, unblinking stare. The two of them seemed to shoot invisible sparks at each others eyes.

Kronos slowly rose from his seat to his full height. His son was an ant compared to him. Kronos stood dozens and dozens of feet taller than his child, even though he himself was minuscule compared to Gabriel.

"You know what this means, don't you? You either must provide evidence for your charges... or you must duel with the King."

Zeus sneered. A rigged court in favor of his father's pet angel, Gabriel? Never in a million years. _Kronos has eaten many of my brothers and sisters when they defied him, but I will not fall as they did._

"A duel then! I will duel you for the right to the throne! When I have reached the throne, I will take it over for myself and right this grievous wrong!"

Kronos chuckled to himself slightly. _The young fool thinks he can defeat the one who slayed the two great Titans of old. Those two titans were a monumental terror to the cosmos. Compared to me, my son is an insect._

"Very well, we will go to the Courtyard of Resentment and have our duel there."

Zeus nodded. "I have long waited for this day, _father_."

Kronos glowered at his son. "That is _king_ to you."

...................................................................

The three archangels were away on an important mission to the north. Zeus and his father, Kronos, stood apart from each other in the mighty and massive Ring of Dueling, almost three miles in diameter, at the Courtyards of Resentment. It was a ring covered in marble blocks, incomparably vast in size. More than enough room to settle a score between two Titans.

The archangel Uriel presided over this match, levitating above the arena. "The rules are simple. Defeat your opponent using any method possible. Whoever will be crowned king must be smarter, faster, and stronger than anyone else. Kronos has proven time and again that no angel or god can defeat him. Zeus, if you can defeat him, you will be crowned king and assumed the strongest. However, you will still periodically have to fight others who challenge your position. If you do not agree to these rules, you may leave now, and hang your head in disgrace for all eternity. Do you accept the terms?"

Zeus grimaced. _Listen to the bias in favor of my father._ "Yes! I will defeat you, as this has been a long time coming! Revenge for all my brothers and sisters!"

Kronos glowered at the tiny figure in front of him. "I have won thousands of duels across thousands of ages. Giving up and living in disgrace would be preferable to suicide, you know?"

Hercules watched from the sidelines, as thousands upon thousands of angels and gods seated themselves or flew to get a good vantage point.

The great god, Zeus, stared up at the mountainous figure of his father. "You think this will be easy, don't you, father?"

Kronos shook his head. "No, my son. _I know it will be._ "

Uriel grimaced as the two threw cliched threats and verbal insults at each other. _Just get this over with so I can go and take a nap._ "Very well, the contestants have agreed to this duel. The match shall begin in three... two... one... BATTLE!"