Part 040:

Damn! It had all changed so fast.

First, I was gloating over an easy victory. Then that brat, that little child... somehow managed to defeat my riddle and even solve the condition to awaken Gabriel. You were only granted one chance and if you failed you could never retry.

I had failed, and in return that brat had succeeded. In the instant the ring was put on, I perceived an incredible shift in his power. He must have awakened Gabriel... DAMN! When I failed, I only evaded death because I was already wearing Michael's ring and that granted me protection. That child was truly lucky, for he would have surely been crushed if he failed.

I gnashed my teeth together.

Okay. It's fine if the Child won. I... I can live with this. I still had Raphael and Michael. Gabriel had never given me his power, but Raphael and Michael had.

Gabriel: The Mighty King

Raphael: The Wisdom King

Michael: The Divine King

Each of these archangels had been instrumental to my rise. Without them, I could not have forced an honorable challenge against so many. They would surely have simply left, but once a challenge is issued, the three rings guarantee neither participant can leave until the challenge is completed.

But now I only have two of those rings. My ability to force the challenge is over. The Child of Gaia can leave whenever he wishes.

...

Wait. The Child does not yet know this. I still may have a chance to regain Gabriel, assuming the child continues the challenges and I win. It's not hopeless yet.

The child and I exchanged words. Even as he stunned me by using the power of Gabriel to free my warriors from my grasp, still... I held on to hope. Even as he issued a declaration of competition from me, I kept my smile buried inside. This child was weaker than he thought.

The throng of citizens I once considered my own people chanted a warcry. "Hero" they called him. No, he was just a child. A Hero would not allow the monster a chance to consolidate its power. His desire for glory and fame would be his undoing. He was no hero, he was simply a greedy child who wanted mommy's attention.

Well, I say... good for you. You got it.

I rose up to my full height, twelve feet tall. I towered over the child and even his rather tall companion.

"Prepare yourself. I will grant you no mercy."
