Part 159

As Lucifer pondered who that old man could be, one who appeared defenseless, leaning on an old gnarled cane with a long white beard, dressed in a grey bedraggled robe, a voice spoke out.

"I suppose you've come to say hello, then."

Lucifer's blood froze, as he heard the voice speak. _That voice... it sounded like it came from the old man. W-was he speaking to another angel in the room? Aren't he and I the only two here?_

Lucifer carefully and silently leaned the corner of his eye around the tree. Even someone with perfect eyesight would be hard pressed to see him.

_The old man was gone._ He no longer stood by the door.

As Lucifer's pounding heart slammed in his chest, the voice spoke again, this time from right next to him. "It is impolite to ignore your elders, young demon."

Lucifer yelped in fright as he whipped his head around and saw the old man standing mere feet away, his eyes closed in thought yet appearing to see right through him. He still leaned on his mangled looking old cane, a walking stick that appeared to have simply been pulled from a tree and neither shaped nor cut, yet was still essential for his movement.

"H-h-how d-did you see me?!" His nerves shot, Lucifer tripped on a tree root and stumbled to the ground. He quickly regained his footing and took a fighting stance.

"Are you a fool? I am the wisest of the angels, known as one of the three top archangels. I knew you were here from the moment you entered this sacred ground." The old man smiled, but it was not a smile laced with venom or hatred. It was a pure smile, showing love and sovereignty and possessing a simple, elegant purity.

As Lucifer stood there, his right fist clutching one of his knives at the ready, yet his whole body still shaking from nerves, his heart screamed at him _if I fight this old man, I will not be the victor_.

"Who are you?" Lucifer decided to try the direct approach.

"My name is not important. What is more important is the other question you should be asking. _Why have I been quietly giving you openings and chances to arrive here at this gate by breaking up the appearances of angels as you traveled along_?" The old man, his eyes still closed and a smile still on his face, waved a single finger in the air chidingly.

Lucifer paused. "You... allowed me to come here? To... what end?"

"It's simple. I wished to speak to you. You are either a bold fool, or a courageous idiot, to walk straight into the entrance of the enemy's lair, all by yourself, without so much as checking for traps. Did you really think it was so easy?"

Lucifer grimaced. _He's mocking me. Those are the same things..._ "I'm here on a m-mission, and I will do anything to complete it."

The old man sighed as he pulled himself down to a sitting position, placing his behind on a slightly elevated tree root. _He is sitting down? Is he deliberately giving me an easy opening to attack?_

"A mission, hm? I suppose it could be anything, really. Perhaps you were sent to kill a top leader of ours. Maybe sent to conduct espionage or to destroy something important. Or... perhaps to even... _steal something..._ "

The old man's eyes and face, still frozen in that same position as before, betrayed no emotion, but his voice did. _He knows why I'm here._ Lucifer thought to himself.

"How did you find out my mission? Who are you?" Lucifer took a step back as thoughts raced through his mind.

The old man shrugged slightly. "I hear words from these people and those, small tales pass my way, and rumors escape my lips. Naturally, when I 'accidentally' let loose one particular nugget, I realized this could unfortunately draw in some foolhardy youth, seeking respect from his elders. It would appear that I was _correct_ in that assumption."

Lucifer could almost feel his lips snarling. _This... was a deliberate trap? Set by this old man? Wait, perhaps he was working with Satan to eliminate me? No, that makes no sense, perhaps he let rumors of the dark orb slip so that Satan would send one such as me. Perhaps-_

The old man chuckled softly. "You seem so quiet. You must have so many thoughts rolling around in that small, easily confused pea pod that you amusingly call a 'brain'. It must be difficult for you, to think harder than you've ever thought before in your life, and still have no idea what reality is."

Lucifer's tiny snarl became a large, nasty, visible one. "Stop playing word games! Why are you here? Why are you speaking to a demon casually? Why is an old man dressed in rags while living among angels and gods?!"

The old man chuckled again. "Ahhhh ha ha! There it is, the questions! I was waiting for those! Does it bother you, that I know more about this situation that you do? Does it bother you, that right now you are helplessly dancing in the palm of my hand?"

Lucifer glared at the old man as rage started to form in his eyes. "You little... mocking me, making fun of me... answer my questions, or I'll cut you down right where you stand!"

The old man's smile suddenly vanished and his eyes shot open as a dark aura suddenly sprouted out of his body. His voice was filled with venom and fire and brimstone. " **You dare threaten me? One who has lived for ten eternities? One who has the power to foretell destiny itself? Even if I lacked the power to crush you myself, _which I do not_, I could summon an army of gods and angels in an instant with a single word. Know your place, you vile _worm_.** "

Lucifer's body involuntarily jerked back at the old man's sudden drastic shift in tone as he stumbled back and tripped on his own feet, stumbling out of the darkness and into the light. There were no angels around, and in fact no other life aside from himself and the old man, but out in the light he felt naked and exposed. "N-no offense meant! It was- it was a jest! Said in haste! H-haha...!"

The old man's eyes instantly normalized as did his expression. The familiar smile returned as did his playful tone of voice. "Splendid! I was worried for a second there that you were going to do something _especially stupid_! But it seems my fears were of no concern, you are brighter than most I have encountered!"

Lucifer climbed back up to his feet, his entire body shaking as he stood out in the open. _I'm going to die here, and I never got close to finding that damned orb. I have failed everyone._

The old man sat and stared silently for a few seconds before finally getting up and walking past Lucifer towards the Gate to Heaven. "Stay here, boy. I will be right back. You may try and flee if you wish, but such an insult towards my generosity will only bring you a swift death."

As the old man left, Lucifer quickly darted back to the darkness behind the tree, where he felt safer. _What the devil are these games this grandfather is playing with me? Why is he not killing me, if he is an angel or a god? And if he is neither of those, why is he living among them as an equal? Do angels and gods have their own forms of monsters, as demons do, that are neither angel nor god, but live among them as brothers?_

...

After a while, nearly an hour, Lucifer was beginning to feel very nervous. The entire way to the Gate to Heaven had been filled with angels moving back and forth, yet for an entire hour, he had not seen even a single one moving around since after that old man's arrival. _Something isn't right._

Just as he was starting to get itchy enough to consider fleeing for his life back home from whence he came, the old man arrived, walking out of the portal and towards Lucifer. In his hand, he clenched a small, pure black orb, that seemed to draw in the light around it, converting it into terrible and terrifying amounts of dark energy.

"Here boy, take this trifle, and begone. This dark object has disturbed the sanctity of Heaven for long enough. But be warned, if you take this orb, only madness and a dark future will await you. Nobody who accepts its power ever has a long life. Only darkness, misery, and death await them."

Lucifer stared at the orb, his mouth gaping as he looked at it. _This old man had the orb the entire time? Who the devil IS he? And more importantly, why would he give it to me so easily?!_

He quickly, but respectfully reached over and took the orb from the old man's hand. _Best to not look a gift horse in the mouth, hehehe._ "I thank you for your generosity, ancient one. Will you not tell me your name?"

The old man smiled and bowed politely. "No, _Lucifer_, that will not be necessary. Take the orb and begone. And... do not thank me. Possessing that cursed object is hardly worth thanking me for. Rather, you should curse me forever for heaping such a lamentable fate upon you."

Without waiting for a reply, the old man turned and walked back towards the gate, giving a flippant wave as he turned again and stood at the door once more.

Lucifer, not understanding why any of the events that just transpired even happened, waved back at the old man as he took his leave.

...

Raphael watched as the imbecilic young demon left, heading back up the way he had come from. _The young never think before they act. This is why the demons will never pose a real threat to the angels... they are young and stupid, compared to our age and wisdom._

As the young demon disappeared from his sensory range, he sighed, leaning again upon his staff and hobbling back inside the gate. _I think I'm going to go relax for a while. I've earned it with this._