Part 417b: The Uprising

"Mister Feldmann can be a bit eccentric." Amy mutters the cautious warning as we approach the door to a rooftop elevator. Amy landed her ship on the landing pad several dozen feet behind us, and now this small building, back on Earth, is the place that will take me to whoever calls the shots. 'Mister Feldmann' is a man Amy looks up to, though she hasn't told me much about him.

"Eccentric? What is that?"

The door opens, and we step inside the small enclosed space, then Amy presses a button labeled '49'. "It means he can act a little strange, odd at times, perhaps even erratic. He has quirks that might surprise you, but you'll grow used to them. He's a very level headed guy, and dependable too, but first impressions aren't his strong suit."

Amy pulls on her long, curly blonde hair and spreads it out, fanning it all over. The new look makes her look much younger, and prettier too. "He's a real gentleman, and has a penchant for getting protective of cute girls. Make sure you use that to your advantage."

I follow her lead and fan my hair out, smiling as I feel how clean it is. I don't know why, but for some reason, I slept the entire trip to this place and didn't wake up until we reached Earth. Amy told me she gave me a 'said-uh-tiff', but I've never heard of those before. Whatever it was, it made me feel very sleepy. Once I woke up and showered again, I felt like a whole different person. I still do!

I watch the numbers light up on the door panel. 55, 54, 53, 52...

"It's an older building. Steven has his own suite in the upper districts, but this is a skyscraper built eons ago. It exists outside the monitoring zone because anyone living here is assumed to be not worth listening in on. At least, that's the official reason." Amy starts explaining things without me asking her to do so, but I keep quiet and listen, all the same. "The purpose of our organization is to quietly oppose the government where possible. Thankfully, people are starting to wake up and realize we were right all along."

"You oppose the government? That sounds dangerous."

The door dings and opens, and we step out into a brightly lit, pale white lobby. The walls are covered in noticeable water-spots here and there, and the sensation of rumbling from deep in the building below makes my feet tremble as we exit the elevator.

"Oh sure, there are dangers. The benefit of a society with hundreds of trillions of citizens is that no matter how powerful the government might be, unless they have an all-powerful AI that can be everywhere all at once, they can't possibly keep up with all people at all times. Anyway, our society has many punishments, especially for rebels who plot against their government, but the death penalty is not among them. _Officially._ "

Amy shivers slightly before looking at me with a fear in her eyes, something I haven't seen before. "You know... murder is, ah, unheard of. You've already killed a hundred people, _fellow humans_. No matter how much Mister Feldmann and I hated Danis, killing him left a sour taste in our mouths, but what you did at that prison facility was-"

"I did what I had to. Master would be proud." I glare at her, though mostly out of anger that she'd question my motives. "They wanted to lock me up and torture me again. They deserved to die."

"I know, Lora. I understand that you were angry, but I thought you were just going to distract them. If I had known you were going to kill those men and the Warden, I would never have-"

I stop walking and grab her by the shoulder. "So you've never killed anyone, then? Are your hands bloodless?"

She pulls away from my grasp. "I've never done such a thing, of course not!"

"Not humans, but what about demons?"

My question takes her aback. She rubs her arm and glances away. "Well, I mean, I've killed a few demons, sure. But demons aren't humans! There's a difference!" A fiery indignation lights up in her eyes. "You can't compare us to them!"

"I can! I will!" I hold up my fingers and start counting them off. "Demons are intelligent, they walk on two legs and have two arms, they look like humans aside from their red skin, they have hopes, dreams, and desires... just how many have you killed?"

Amy can't meet my gaze. "I don't know. I, well, I lost count."

There's a short silence as I glare at her and she won't look at me, but I finally pull away and start walking ahead again. "You've _lost count_? I will never forget the faces of those I killed. The only difference between you and me is that while we're both killers, I only kill to survive."

I can hear Amy's footsteps as she falls into line behind me. "I killed demons to protect humanity. They're monsters. They eat humans. They're just... not the same."

She's not wrong there. How many slaves did I watch the demons devour? Their screams echo in my nightmares sometimes. "Danis was more of a devil than most demons I met. So was the Warden. In a way, you and I aren't very different. You killed demons, but I killed monsters, ones that wore human skin, but weren't really human."

Before long, the sounds of people walking around sound off in the distance, and soon we arrive in a large room, with chairs and furniture just like the ones I saw in Marie's home. Men and women are lounging around, eating food bars and chatting about this and that. An ornate rounded metal light-holder hangs from the ceiling, and it has over a hundred small sparkling points of light. Despite being the only source of illumination for the room, when I look at it, it reminds me of the 'star' that Master told me about on Earth.

Amy catches me looking at it. "That's a 'chandelier'. It's ancient, but Feldmann thought it would light up the dining hall and bring a cozy atmosphere for everyone to relax in."

I nod. "Who are all these people?"

"They're part of the resistance. Some joined after the Goldesh Uprising went south and the government showed its true colors. Most were on board even before them, but few are as powerful or influential as Steven Feldmann."

We continue walking past people, and Amy pauses to greet a few of them, even going so far as to introduce me, but all their faces and names tend to blend together in my mind.

Finally, Amy stops in front of a door on the opposite side of the room from where we started. She inhales slowly, then sighs. "As I thought. Peggy told me Steven is playing holo-games again. The man is an addict. We'll go in, but just... watch out for an outfield curveball."

"A what?"

She doesn't explain, but instead opens the door. We enter the room, and immediately everything feels weird. The hard-wood floors from outside suddenly become soft and green, like the ground-sticks from outside the prison facility. There's a sound, hundreds of feet away, of a metallic _whack_ hitting something with tremendous force. Every few seconds, I hear the sound again, and again... Amy seems familiar with it, so I follow her. When we walk over a small hill, I spot a man, presumably Feldmann, standing by himself, holding a long metal rod in his hands. He's wearing shorts without a shirt, and a man is standing opposite him throwing a round white object at Feldmann. Each time he throws it, Feldmann swings the metal rod out and hits the white thing away. We're standing behind Feldmann, so he doesn't appear to see us.

"Is he training for battle?" I ask the question, and Amy chuckles in response.

"He's practicing his batting. He loves baseball, you see. He won't shut up about it, if you let him start at all."

"What is baseball?"

Amy shrugs. "It's an ancient sport, invented by primitive humans before the dawn of immortality. You hit the ball and get points or something. Seems silly to me."

Points? Why would he want to get points? Perhaps they're edible.

We continue watching him swing the rod and hit the balls, and once he pauses to wipe at his forehead, Amy decides that's the moment to get his attention. "Mister Feldmann! I'm back."

He quickly turns around and raises an eyebrow when he spots us. "Amy! Glad to see you again!" He drops the rod on the ground, makes a motion with his hands, and the other man vanishes, as if by magic. "And this other girl...?"

As he trots up to us, Amy gestures at me. "This is Lora... something. I don't know her last name. She's the one you wanted to see."

"Do I need to have a last name?"

My innocent question makes Feldmann chuckle. "Hehe, no, not really. In any case... you worked for my father, then?"

I stare at him silently and shrug. Amy raises an eyebrow. "You did work for the Supreme Commander, correct? Jason Hiro. You wouldn't stop mumbling his name in your sleep."

I quickly realize what they're saying. "Oh! Master is your father? I'm sorry! He never told me he had a son!"

Steven glances at Amy, then back to me. "I'm sorry... _master_? What do you mean by that?" He clears his throat and looks back to Amy. "Were they in some sort of _relationship_? It sounds questionable..."

"He saved me from the demons. They were holding me as a slave, so he took me from them..." I trail off as both of them seem unnerved by my words.

Steven wipes some sweat from his chest. "Oh, so it's like that. I understand. I never took Father to be a do-gooder, but he's been full of surprises lately." He jerks his thumb back at where he was playing with the rod from earlier. "Why don't you join me? It's no fun just standing around; I like to get some exercise in when I'm not at the office."

"Okay. Exercise is good! It makes you stronger!" I follow after him, but glance back and notice Amy looks slightly annoyed. "What's wrong?"

She shakes her head. "I'll just sit and watch. I'm not interested in playing games right now."

Amy tags along and sits on the green sticks, while Steven waves his hands in the air and makes a small rectangular steel cage appear, filled to the brim with those white balls from earlier. "Just grab one of those baseballs and throw them to my side. I'll hit it, then you throw another when I'm ready, and we'll keep repeating it over and over."

I nod slowly and stand beside the cage. "Is this exercise?"

"Certainly! It's a full upper body workout for me, and it can even help you develop some arm strength too." He pauses to pick the rod up from the ground. "Also, the best thing about sports... you can easily judge a person's character by how they play the game."

Amy perks up behind him. "Is that what this is about?"

"Perhaps." He takes a ready stance and holds the metal rod up. "Just pitch the ball to my side. Ever thrown a baseball before?"

I grab one and shrug. "I've thrown rocks before. I'll try to be gentle."

"No, that's fine. Throw as hard as you can. I hit 100mph fastballs all the time. I train with holographic recreations of all the greatest pitchers, after all."

Amy nods along, but there's suddenly a look of alarm in her eyes. She quickly stands up and runs to the side, getting away from standing behind him. "Uh, Steven, you should watch out! She's way stronger than she looks!"

"Uh huh." He watches my hand carefully, as I wind up to throw the ball just like I saw that man from earlier do. The moment the ball leaves my hand, a massive explosion sounds off behind Steven, and the ground shakes furiously as the ball pounds into the field with the fury of a cannonball.

Steven's eyes open a little wider as he turns to look at the terrain behind him. Where there was once green sticks, the world looks weird and deformed. Sparks fly out in all directions, and he turns back to me and gawks. "Y-you just destroyed a part of the holo-room! Holographic balls aren't supposed to cause damage like that!"

"I warned you." Amy shakes her head chidingly. "Don't try it again, Steven. She might kill you, even if by accident."

Steven drops the rod from his hands and quickly wipes sweat from his bare chest. "Yeah... no kidding. What did the demons do to make you so powerful?"

Amy and Steven both walk over to me, and I shake my head. "Master trained me constantly."

"Yeah, no kidding. He must have juiced you up real good. Let's call it a day." Steven surprises me by reaching over suddenly and squeezing my arm. "You should be made of solid muscle, but this is the most ladylike arm I've ever squeezed. How did he do it, I wonder?"

We walk toward the exit door, and I tap my lip thoughtfully. "I'm not sure. Master just said a word, and I was stronger!"

Amy fills in for me. "She was born and raised in the Labyrinth, from what I gather, Steven. She wouldn't know how nano-augmentation works. I can't fathom what your father was thinking when he altered her genetics, though."

Steven nods. "Yeah. He's been acting strange, lately. Marie's taking an abrupt vacation, too. Suspicious timing, if you ask me."

Just as we near the door, Amy scowls at Steven. "Aren't you going to put on a shirt before we go out?"

"Pff. Who needs 'em?"

...

A few minutes later, the three of us sit at a long 'bar,' as Steven calls it, and I admire the wooden stool before me. It's made with excellent craftsmanship, and the seat has a winged creature resembling the lizard-men I'd seen a few times in the Labyrinth, but with a mouthful of razor-sharp teeth. It's hard to tell, but it seems the monster is breathing fire. Whatever it is, the beast is etched into the chair with perfectly detailed line-work. Only Yama had anything similar in the labyrinth, and he kept all artistry of such quality under lock and key in his storage room.

I quickly sit down, and Feldmann leans forward to look past Amy, who's sitting between us. "We haven't had time for a proper introduction yet, have we? I'm Steven Feldmann, and my father is your former boss. My job on the council is mostly a ceremonial role, where I'm considered a military advisor, but I can leverage it to my political advantage as needed."

I nod slowly, unsure of what anything he said means. A large man with a grizzled beard and a shirt ripped in various places on the arms walks up from behind the counter and grunts. "Mister Feldmann, what'll it be?"

"I'll take a gin. The ladies will have...?" He trails off, and Amy finishes for him.

"Give me a light craft beer, if you please." She turns to me. "Do you drink as well, Lora?"

I'm a little confused by what she means. "Won't you die if you don't drink?"

"Some days, I feel like it." Steven grumbles under his breath, but Amy lightly punches him in the arm and turns back to me.

"Alcohol, dear. Have you ever had alcohol before?" I shake my head, and immediately she turns back to the bartender. "She's a young thing, Brian. Start her off with something light and flavorful. Low alcohol content."

He grumbles to himself and mutters something inaudible, then reaches under the counter to pull up a cup and a red-colored bottle. "This'll do. Made this myself. Cherry Cider." He pours the red juice inside and shoves it in front of me, then grabs the drinks for Amy and Steven. "Want this on your tab?"

Steven nods. "That'll be fine."

I stare at the red liquid for a few moments as a fragrant aroma rises into my nose. It smells good, though I can't place the scent at all. I take a sip of it, and the taste is so incredible that a moment later I down the rest of the glass in one gulp. A pleasant feeling washes through my body, something relaxing that makes me want to kick back and 'take it easy,' as Master would sometimes say.

Brian raises an eyebrow. "Want more, little girl?"

"Mhm."

He shrugs and pours another glassful, so I drink it in one gulp again, then eyeball the glass curiously. The glass seems to be moving. Ah, everything is.

"That will be enough for her. She doesn't look like she can handle her liquor." Amy pats me on the back. "You shouldn't have drunk it so fast."

Steven gets up and walks around to my other side, bringing his glass with him. He sits on the stool beside me. "So, listen, I've had a look at what few records the prison system had for you. Can you answer a few questions for me?"

I yawn loudly and lay my head on my hand, propping myself up on the counter. "Uh huh."

"You're from Goldesh, right? That's what the scanning report said when my father brought you out of the Labyrinth. Is that correct?" He takes a sip of the beverage in his hands but keeps his eyes locked on me.

My eyes feel a little droopy. "I don't know..."

"Hmm." He looks past me at Amy. "She was born and raised in the Labyrinth, right? She might not even know what Goldesh is." He finishes his drink and sets it down. "Listen... Lora. The man you killed, Danis. He was an evil man. Amy and I knew it for hundreds of years. We aren't mad that you killed him, per se, but we need to find out more details. Why did you kill him, if you didn't know what happened on Goldesh?"

I was feeling drowsy before, but now all the memories come racing back. I suddenly feel uncomfortable sitting next to Steven and pull away from him slightly. "He... Danis... he beat me. He hurt my friends too. He did wicked things. Master saved me."

As if I flipped a switch, Steven leans a little away from me, having noticed my discomfort. "I'm sorry to hear that. If it's possible, could you go into more detail?"

I quickly shake my head and look away. "No, I don't want to. I really don't want to..."

Amy puts her hand on mine. "That's fine; we won't pressure you. Rather than ask for answers, _Steven_, since she doesn't know the importance of Goldesh, I think it's time we explained what happened."

Steven clears his throat. "Sorry. I get a little distracted whenever his name comes up. Everyone respected him, all those millennia, but I know the truth. _We_ do, don't we, Amy?"

Amy turns back to glance at the room full of people milling about behind us. "I hope so. Should I tell her?"

"You were there too. Go ahead."

Amy lifts my chin up and makes me meet her eyes. "This is very important. It all started several hundred years ago."

...........................................

_I remember it as clearly as if it happened yesterday._

I was a mid-ranking member of the Golden Commandos at that point, and my squad was busy hunting down demons, as they always did. An order came down from top command, via the Supreme Commander himself. He wanted all of the Golden Commandos to examine ongoing unrest in the Goldesh system all by ourselves. Instead, since we were currently busy, Corporal Williams sent me to investigate. We couldn't possibly spare any other troops since the demons were attempting a comeback.

I blasted off and arrived a day later at Goldesh IV, a mining colony on one of the planet's moons. It was an ugly black rock, a blob of mass floating in space that certainly didn't care about the health of its human inhabitants. I had never been to the Goldesh system before, and certainly never a mining facility, not in my whole life. I didn't know what I was in for until I got there.

Immediately, I was struck by the darkness. The black ground seemed to absorb light from all around, so I always felt as if a demon could jump out of the shadows and attack me. When I arrived, I quickly spotted the problem. There was a large group of people protesting their working conditions. It turned out that the undesirables of society, specifically people who couldn't be rehabilitated for behavioral problems, yet who had committed no crimes, they were being sent to this mining facility, with no hope of ever leaving.

I'm not a fan of ration bars, and after spending a few days among the Goldeshians, I came to realize just how bad the bars could get. All food was ninety-five percent reconditioned, or worse. The miners were forced to work long hours, often sixteen a day, and conditions inside the mines were atrocious.

Angered by the protestors holding up supply lines, the facility guards were deployed to make sure all protestor names were noted and prevented from receiving any rations. They were corralled and starved and eventually driven into a corner. With no food or water, they became desperate for a change, and thus the first violent scuffle broke out at the mining facility.

During the chaos, a guard fired a shot that killed one of the protestors. This ended the fighting in an instant, but even though his fellow guardsmen were horrified by what he'd done, it was too late. Word spread about his actions, and the entire workforce went on strike. Armed with nothing but their fists and rocks mined from deep underground, the violence escalated rapidly, and five guards were killed that same day in retaliation for the death of the miner.

I didn't know what to do. From my perspective, the facility was a human rights violation, betraying everything I'd spent my life fighting for. The demons were supposed to be the bad guys, but humans were enslaving each other! On the other hand, the miner retaliation was over the top. An eye for an eye just leaves both sides blind, or at least that was how I explained the situation to myself.

It was then that two new faces arrived. General Danis, and the Supreme Commander's son, his most trusted advisor, Steven Feldmann.

The two men weren't familiar to me at all, but I was a soldier. When Danis ordered me to don my commando hypersuit and put an end to the violence, at _any_ cost, I did what I had to.

First, I searched for the leaders of the resistance and captured them. It turned out just three women and two men were the ones in charge. They were the first people ever to be forced to work at the facility, and they had been there for almost a million years. I captured and turned in all five of them, and to my horror, Danis did something I would never have imagined.

He ordered a public execution.

"Law and order is to be maintained! Any who wish to complain have no voice, and they have no rights! Remember the human creed: _For glory, we aspire. Perfection, we achieve. Waste, we prevent. Failure, we despise._ None of you have any glory, all of you are the wastes and failures of this society, and thus only by working here will you ever achieve anything! Revolt if you wish, but death will be your only answer!"

Danis's voice rang out over loudspeakers set up all around the camps, and I watched as women and children shook in terror, unsure of what would come next. I was thankful that Danis didn't order me to carry out their executions by firing squad, but I could tell he wanted to give me the 'honor'.

When the soldiers raised their plasma rifles, one of the mining leaders, still chained to a pole, and unable to escape, smiled. "You think this is a loss?! I will die, and go to Heaven! I should have done this years ago!"

Danis smiled back. Somehow, it made me feel a million times worse than any anger would have. "We will see what the angels think of lowlifes like you."

The soldiers blasted them, and the miners died instantly. Danis came to me later and praised me for my efforts in quickly stopping the mining uprising. He told me I'd be promoted... but I didn't want it. It was as if I were being given blood credits. I had only earned the promotion by hurting my own kind.

I couldn't help myself. I went to a distant part of the work outpost and cried for hours. I felt so guilty! What was I even fighting for? Killing demons was one thing, but enslaving other humans?! Every piece of our law expressly forbids it! Who is to say these people were the dregs of society? What arbitrary metrics determined that they, and thus their children, didn't have the right to live free lives?

Unfortunately for me, or so I thought at the time, Steven Feldmann was passing by and he heard me crying. He walked over and startled me by putting his hand on my shoulder. I jumped in fright, but the sight of the Supreme Commander's third-born son, a man I only knew in passing thanks to historical archives, only served to enrage me. I couldn't take it anymore! I unloaded on Steven, and attacked everything about him and what he stood for. Danis was a leader of humanity, and so was the Supreme Commander, and everyone else who allowed the facility to exist.

But Steven just stood there nodding, accepting my pain and anger. Eventually, he pulled me in close and hugged me, and I finally realized I wasn't alone. He was crying as well, deep on the inside.

His whole life, Steven did whatever his father told him, and only in the few millennia before the Goldesh incident did he realize the empire of humanity wasn't as utopian as it always appeared. Only once he saw those men executed and heard my genuine rage did he realize that what he was fighting for was a sham.

But this... this was only the beginning. Steven and I made an oath, right then and there, that we would not allow these people to be taken advantage of. We had to found a new order, one that could, in time, oppose the government. Steven had never truly loved his father, nor felt an emotional connection with him. Growing up, his father was barely ever home, always running around doing this and that. Steven had lived for tens of millions of years, but all he ever did was live in his father's shadow.

We decided the first thing to do would be to organize a new resistance movement... and this time, we were going to do it right.

...........................................

Amy sighs. "Steven... have we ever wavered? Have we done the right thing?"

"I think so." He sloshes another half-full glass around slowly. "Lora, you were around my father for a while. What did you think of him?"

His question makes me rub my legs. Something about the way these two keep probing makes me feel uncomfortable. "He is a kind master. He doesn't hit me or hurt me as the demons did... and Danis." I stop myself from saying anything else, but Steven immediately presses the issue.

"Wait, Danis hit you? What the hell? How could that be? Didn't you say you lived in the Labyrinth?"

Amy shoots icy daggers out of her eyes, but I just rub my arms and lean away.

"Um, well, yes. I lived in Yama's domain. He had many slave girls, just like me. He still does... they're all down there. He, um, offers them to visitors. Human visitors, that is..."

I glance up guiltily at Steven, but he isn't looking at me anymore. Instead, he's staring blankly at the wall behind the counter.

"Holy... fucking shit. No way. I knew he was corrupt, but- collusion with the demons? What if my father's invol-" He stops and immediately turns to me. "Is he?! Is my father involved in all of this?!"

He grabs me by the arms and shakes me, but Amy jumps in and pulls him off. "Calm down! Use your brain, idiot! Your father saved her from the demons. Of course he isn't involved with them. Read between the lines, Steven!"

She quickly pulls me out of the chair, and only now do I realize everyone is watching us. "Come on, Lora, this is probably rough on you. Let's go to your room and get a little breathing space, alright?"

"Uh, sure. Th-thanks." I look back as we walk away and stare silently at Steven, now holding his glass, his hand trembling the whole time.

"Is Steven okay?"

Amy shakes her head. "No, sweetheart. He isn't... but it's not your fault."

We walk down several hallways and stair passages before stopping at a door. "This is my vacation room, where I stay if I ever get kicked out of my suite in the upper districts. You can live here for the immediate future." She presses her hand on a black pad sticking out of the wall, then gestures for me to do so. "I have to register your biometric data. Once you're registered, you can come and go as you please."

I follow her directions and place my hand on the pad. A light illuminates my hand, and I can't help but giggle. "It... it tickles!"

A few seconds later, she lifts my hand off, and the door opens, sliding to the side, into the wall. "This room is nothing special, but it has plenty of nutrition bars, and a bed, and even a viewscreen if you want to watch something to pass the time."

We walk inside, and I slowly sit down on a soft, comfy-looking chair. "Is there anything else to eat other than the nutrition bars?"

"No, sorry."

"Oh. That's a shame. Yama always had regular food, even though slaves weren't allowed to eat it. Why do humans not have any?"

Amy's eyes widen in surprise. " _Really_? Yama possessed human food? How did he acquire it?"

"I don't know."

"That's fine." She looks out the window to the world beyond.

I shuffle my feet slightly and glance over at her. "Can I talk to Master?"

"Huh?" She shakes her head and clears a fog from her brain. "You mean Jason Hiro? Not just yet. Listen, you don't know the full story about him. Before you go rushing back to his side, perhaps you should hear our side of the story. From my perspective, Jason is an evil man. Even his son hates him. After you hear what I have to say, you can leave then, okay?"

"Okay." I pull my legs up in the chair and rest my head on my knees. "What else happened on Goldesh? You said you started to lead a rebellion..."

Amy swallows painfully, and her gaze sweeps over the mostly-empty room. "Yeah. We put our plan into motion just a few months later..."
