Part 290a - Hunger

Amelia entered the building where the young child in the window was hiding. He had seen her walking in and had waved at her. She didn't wave back.

Her head pounded as her chest tightened. She had never gone this long without a meal. It had been at least four months. Well beyond the limits of a normal human, but she might have gone on for much longer, were it not for the fact that the battle had wounded her so badly.

She walked up the stairs quickly at first, then gradually she slowed her pace as doubt entered her mind. This was a bad thing to do. It was very bad. Jason wouldn't like it. Levvy was her friend, but Jason was too. Jason always looked sad, like he didn't like punching her that first time. He always seemed to feel guilty around her. Jason wasn't like other humans.

As she walked up the stairs, she turned around a corner, arriving at the third floor. Only two more floors to go, and she would be where that young boy was.

Her stomach growled as Leviathan spoke quietly in your mind. "Princess, I feel your doubt. But you mustn't hesitate. Time is of the essence."

She felt a frown appear on her face, an expression she had rarely made before. "Levvy... what will happen if I... don't eat him?"

A tinge of irritation appeared in her mind as Leviathan seemed to grumble quietly. "You will very likely die, princess."

"I'll die, huh?" Amelia cringed as a wave of hunger surged over her body again, taking over her senses for a few moments. It was a feeling she had experienced countless times over thousands of years, and one she had nearly forgotten about.

But until now, Amelia had never doubted the Hunger. It had been a part of her for as long as she had remembered. With the effort most people took to take a bite of a sandwich, she had never taken a second thought for devouring another life whole.

And now she did.

Finally, she arrived on the fifth floor, her body sensing the presence of the tiny life form on the other side of a door leading into one of the rooms. This appeared to be a cheap motel, a place for tourists to arrive at. Why had a small child been left here, all alone?

Amelia shook the thoughts from her head. It didn't matter. He was just a meal. Just... a thing to sustain her. He was just a lump of meat, no emotion was needed to process sustenance.

As she walked up to the door, her heart skipped a beat as the door was suddenly yanked open. There stood the little boy, a big smile on his face as he looked her up and down. "Hi! I'm Ricky! What's your name?"

She swallowed involuntarily, caught totally off guard by his offputting jovial smile. "My name, it's uh... Amelia."

He took two quick steps over to her, making her flinch backwards a step or two. Quickly he ran behind her and nodded vigorously. "Wow! I like your dress! You're so pretty, Amelia!"

Looking to be only ten or eleven years old himself, Amelia realized that with her youthful appearance, he must think she was his own age.

"I saw you out there fighting that big robot. You looked so cool, wow!" He grabbed her by the hand, pulling her into the room as he quickly closed the door behind them. "Come on in, have a seat! Do you want anything to eat?"

Amelia jerked her head back at the question. She licked her lips as another pang of hunger struck her. Shoving it down with willpower alone, she merely nodded weakly.

Ricky was all too happy to oblige. He blushed as he turned away from her. She suddenly realized with a start that he might even have a crush on her. He was an interesting child.

"We don't have a lot to eat, just a baloney sandwich. Is that all right?" He walked over to the fridge without waiting for a response, pulling out some bread and meat as well as a small assortment of dressings and lettuce. He was really going all-out for this sandwich. "You look like you're starving!"

Amelia nodded weakly as she suddenly felt tears welling up in her eyes. While he wasn't looking, she turned away from him and quickly wiped them away. Why was she crying? This wasn't something she would usually show any emotions about.

"Y-yes... I'm very, very hungry..." Amelia bit off the words as she swallowed heavily. She gripped her stomach, looking at the boy, then to the ground, and back again.

A war raged in her mind. Countless battles and struggles she had never faced over the course of the last few thousand years inserted themselves viciously into her head in a way they had never done so before.

Leviathan spoke to her from deep within her heart. "Princess, why do you hesitate? You must live on. You cannot go on living like this. If you do not feed... you will..." Leviathan's voice trailed off as Amelia realized he too was feeling emotions of his own. _Sadness_. She was Leviathan's only friend, just as he had been her only friend, for thousands of years. The thought of her dying must be causing him to experience a tremendous sadness.

"I'm sorry, I just... can't..." Amelia whispered quietly, but realized she was once again speaking out loud. Ricky stood over at the counter, slapping together a baloney sandwich that would inspire awe all throughout the ages.

Ricky shot a glance over at her, as he finished up the final steps for the sandwich. "What was that? Did you need something else?"

Bouncing over to her, he quickly placed the sandwich in front of her, set on a very nice looking china plate. Bopping over to the other side of the table, he smiled and nodded vigorously. "Go on! I made it myself!"

Amelia felt a tiny smile creep onto her face. _Of course he made it himself, silly boy._

She felt the smile vanish as a sullen expression passed over her face. She stared down at the sandwich for a long few moments, as Ricky's own smile began to fade as well.

"What's the matter? Did I not make it good enough?" Ricky's face appeared crestfallen as he stared at the pretty young girl sitting across from himself. He had never been one to like girls before, but he could just tell at a single glance, this girl was special. She wasn't like all the other ones. She was fighting with the Hypersuit Commandos, that made her really cool, almost one of the boys, but prettier!

Amelia shook her head slowly. "I'm hungry... but not for a sandwich..." Her voice cracked slightly as she felt her body start to shake. She slowly looked up from the bread and meat to look at the boy sitting across from her. He appeared very sad that she wasn't just going to eat the food he had made. In truth, normal food was revolting to her. Human flesh and its inherent properties was the only thing she was able to live on anymore.

She slowly stood up from her seat as Ricky's eyes followed her. "What do you mean? I can't make anything but a sandwich..."

She took a step towards him, and then another step, as she felt her entire body beginning to tremble.

Ricky quickly noticed the trembling. "Hey... Amelia... you don't look all right..."

She began to feel tears well up as she took another step towards him. "I'm sorry... I'm sorry... I'm sorry..." She whispered quietly as she felt her vision beginning to darken.

It was all right. It would be over in a second. He was just one boy. This was just one small bad thing, in the grand scheme of the entire world.

Suddenly, the door smashed open and Amelia's eyes popped open as she felt her vision clearing.

"Amelia! Get away from him!"

A familiar figure stood in the doorway. Jason Hiro, Amelia's second, most precious friend, watched her with his hollow metallic mask, as he took notice of the distance she had closed between her and the small boy.

"Whoa! A Hypersuit Commando! That's so cool!" Ricky grinned madly at the man in the doorway, oblivious to what the man had just said.

Amelia felt her trembling increase as Ricky ran right past her to the man in the doorway. "I love you guys! I'm gonna be a commando when I grow up too!" As he hopped and jumped excitedly, Jason carefully inserted himself between Amelia and the little boy.

"Yeah. That's real swell, kid. Hey, my other friend, the other commando, he's downstairs. You wanna go say hi to him?"

Ricky nodded viciously. "You mean Ben Brown?! Oh my god, he's the bestest of all the commandos in the world! Wow!!!" Without waiting another moment, Ricky raced off down the stairs.

Jason stared after the kid for a long few moments before turning his gaze back to the little girl in the room. "Amelia. What were you about to do?"

Amelia felt her lip quivering as her knees started to shake. "I'm... I'm sorry, Jason. I just... I was so... hungry... and I couldn't... I couldn't..." The guilt, combined with the realization she had betrayed her friend, caused something to break in her mind as she fell to the ground sobbing. "I didn't want to! I didn't want to do it, Jason."

Jason nodded quietly as he reached up and took his helmet off. Walking over he leaned down to the girl weeping on the floor. "Amelia. You didn't do it. The old you, the one I know of from the future... you wouldn't have hesitated. You were holding yourself back, weren't you?"

Amelia nodded quickly as she viciously wiped tears from her face. "I'm sorry! I didn't mean to hurt our trust!"

Jason frowned as he stared down at the small girl. _This is odd._

...................................................................

I stayed and spoke with Amelia for several long minutes. She was not acting right. This was certainly a good way to act, but it felt so forced... as if she were acting like she betrayed me, but more importantly, _as if it mattered to her_. Did I matter to her? We'd barely known each other four months, in her frame of mind. How could she possibly take me at face value when I called her a friend?

I reached down and hugged her quietly as she sobbed in my arms. In my entire life, I had probably seen a few girls, even a few guys cry. But never like this. She was acting as if her best friend had just committed a double murder suicide with her beloved parents, but all that had happened was she nearly devoured a small child. What the hell was this about?

Finally, the tears seemed to ebb and I stood up, watching her silently. She continued making choked noises as she wiped her face down with her hands. She merely stared at the floor, her emotions drained.

"I..."

Amelia spoke a single word, but didn't continue. I waited patiently, but after a full minute, she said nothing else.

Taking a seat at the table, I continued to keep a careful eye on her. "Amelia... it's time you told me. I want to know. Why do you need to eat people? Tell me, and maybe I can help."

Amelia continued to stare numbly at the ground. She never raised her gaze up for even a second. Seconds turned into another minute or two as my patience began wearing thin. "All right. If you won't tell me that, then tell me this... who is 'Levvy'?"

Instantly her head jerked up as her sad expression morphed into one of anger. "How do you know that name?"

She stood up quickly as she seemed to look me up and down. I shrugged nonchalantly as I kept a careful watch on her. "You talk to yourself, you know. A lot. And oftentimes, you say that name. Is he your friend?"

Her expression turned into an outright glare as she began to bore figurative holes in my chest with her eyes. "That's not your business. Don't pry where you don't belong."

She started to say something else but a look of irritation passed over her face as she turned away from me, almost seeming to listen to someone else speaking in the room. However, there was nobody else in here. It must be 'Levvy' again.

It was really beginning to bother me. Something told me that 'Levvy' wasn't a fiction of her imagination. She wasn't going crazy. She might actually be bipolar, but this seemed all too real. It wasn't the work of a second personality or voices in her head, but perhaps there was another being inside of her, much like how Satan had Hades inside of himself.

Speaking of which, I really ought to look into that some time. That might prove useful to find out about...

Amelia turned back to me and glowered slightly, before her eyes lowered again as her expression softened. "Ah, well... you don't mean any harm by it, I suppose. Still... maybe he's right. Maybe I should tell you. Not much you could do about it anyway."

I cocked an eyebrow at her sudden mental pivot. She really was an interesting character. "You'll tell me?"

She swallowed carefully as her eyes hesitantly met mine. "Yes. I have... someone inside of me. A dear friend. But, because of how he came to be inside of me, he causes... problems. It's not his fault. He means well..."

Her voice faltered momentarily as she blushed. "The Hunger is a side effect, a symptom if you will. Still, when I'm around you, like now... I barely even feel it. I wonder why that is..."

I blinked slowly and deliberately. "The 'hunger', huh? You've mentioned it a few times now. Is this why you, err, devour people? Because of your friend? Is he making you do it?"

Amelia quickly shook her head. "No! He causes me to crave what I need to survive, but only because of his... power. It's too much for my body. Yet, if he were to leave me, I would suddenly die of old age. He extends my life infinitely beyond normal lengths, but also changes who I am, fundamentally."

She was speaking very eloquently, all of a sudden. I wondered silently what caused these changes to her personality. Perhaps the more she ate, the crazier and more immature she acted, but the less she did, the more rapidly she aged? There were many possibilities, and I didn't know enough about her condition to perform a diagnosis.

I put my helmet back on after a few moments of contemplation, my speakers firing up as I stood up from my seat and tilted my head at her. "If it's simply a matter of not feeling hungry, perhaps I might be able to help. We're friends, Amelia. You should rely on me more. That is what friends do."

Turning my speakers off, I quickly wordsmithed the most relevant word I could think of. " **Satiate.** "

Amelia suddenly perked up, as her mental presence snapped back to fully alert. Blinking twice, she glanced down at her hands. "What...? Did you just do something?"

I shrugged as my speakers turned back on. "Maybe I did, maybe I didn't. Come on, we need to get out of here. Ben is waiting for us patiently. We need to clear out the Volgrim and others in the area."

Amelia turned and looked back at me. "I don't think I'll be much use against another one of those robots. You should just go on ahead without me."

I shook my head. "No, just come with me. I've been working on a new plan for dealing with them, and you're needed for it."

She cocked an eyebrow at my statement as an amused smile crossed her face. "Oh? Is that so?"

...................................................................

Beatrix bobbed her head up and down slowly as the man on the line spoke. "Listen, 'Silver', I understand you think this is important, but this all sounds like gobbledygook to me. I've got men dying on the battlefield as we speak. This all sounds like a bunch of gibberish. And do you really expect me to believe _magic_ really exists?"

Silver sighed heavily as his holo-figure lowered his head. "I know it might sound crazy, but I've been working with these concepts my entire life. You do know who I am, don't you? I saved your life during Earth's Last Stand, where my Sword of Damocles prototype blasted dozens of enemy ships out of the air in minutes. The energy principles behind it were aided with the help of magical energy. This is no hoax, I'm being genuine."

Beatrix scowled as she heard an alarm sound off across the room. Another platoon was wiped out by the new mechas the Volgrim were deploying. "Silver, just keep this information to yourself for a while, alright? We can talk about this after I manage to scrub a few million alien parasitic scum off the face of the Earth, alright?"

Silver returned the expression. "No, this is the perfect time. If we start injecting soldiers, we'll have an army that can easily take on the Vol-"

Beatrix groaned as she pressed the 'end call' button, his voice being cut off mid sentence. _Leave it to men to go charging in with their dicks swinging and their minds silent._ She didn't have time for theoretical games about giving magical powers to humans. It was just a stupid thoughtless concept in the first place. Better to stick with tried-and-true battle tactics. That was how she won all her fights.

As she stood up and walked back over to the War Table, one thought crossed her mind. _Well, except that time Silver did save my ass with his cannons. Maybe I should have listened a little more carefully..._

Brushing the thought aside, she began barking orders to various ensigns and officers as she quickly took back control of the battlefield.

...................................................................

Silver slumped back in his seat as the Bitch of Britannia cut him off mid sentence. His assistant, Noah, handed him a fresh cup of coffee. Silver sighed as he took a long sip of it. "This is why I hate women. So illogical."

Noah nodded as he ignored his boss's comment. "Perhaps, sir, you're trying to go about this the wrong way."

Silver glanced back at the kid and smirked. "Oh really? You have a better idea, then?"

Noah shrugged. "You can't exactly go over her head, but maybe you can find someone else who will give you the go ahead. Someone who doesn't see eye to eye with the current Supreme Commander. Someone willing to give our idea a chance."

Agent Silver sighed quietly. "President Johannesburg was on to something when he told me to keep an eye on our 'Hero' friend. Jason is no ally of humanity. He had contact with Marie Becker, and he's probably working with her. Our list of possible contacts who will be against Marie and Jason is... small."

Noah nodded. "Well, I did take the liberty to search for a few. Maybe it will help you narrow down a target?"

Silver felt a massive grin take over his face as he scratched his aptly-colored silver hair. "You're not like my previous assistants, you're actually on the ball all the time."

"I try to be. Oh, and what happened to your previous assistants?"

Silver took another long swig of coffee. "They _weren't_ on the ball. Show me the names of these contacts. We don't have much time."

Noah nodded as he reached into his pocket and pulled out a carefully folded piece of paper, with a mere four names and faces on it, followed by brief bios for each person.

Silver grunted as he took the paper and scanned it quickly. "This it?"

Noah nodded reluctantly. "Yes. But really, there's only one good name on that list. It's this man." He pointed at a rugged looking man, the first one on the list. "They call him 'Stonewall' in the military. He's only two notches below Beatrix, but he is well known for butting heads with her. His real name is Vasily Sokolov, but nobody would ever dare call him that to his face."

"Sokolov... sounds familiar." Silver stared carefully at the face. A massive hulking mountain of a man, Stonewall was listed as 7'8" tall, wore a trademark black suit, and always had his jet black hair smoothed down, in a sort of respectable mafia-boss sort of look. He led the Space Marines corps and had full authority over them, other than Beatrix herself.

"His name should. He's the grandson of Russia's prime minister from the turn of the century. He's a very terrifying man in person, and he carries himself like a leader. In fact, some would call him the antithesis of Beatrix herself. He hates 'Judicator' and thinks he's a menace to society, but above all else, he hates the Volgrim. He wants to purge their kind from the universe."

Silver nodded slowly as a smile crept back onto his face. "As he should. He would make for a fine puppet. His head is empty enough that a few half truths will have him sending the hounds wherever we direct."

Noah wandered over and plunked down into a sofa across the room. " _Nova Imperium_. A new government, under us. Well, not exactly under us, so to say, even we have someone to answer to. But close enough."

Silver shrugged. "We don't have to tell the Organization everything. The Illuminati is only as all seeing and all knowing as its members allow it to be, and we're pretty close to the top. Let's just keep this between us."

Noah nodded quietly. "Yes. Let's."