Part 248a: Monologue

How many have played a game of chess by themselves? I have. Quadrillions of games, actually. I simply subdivide my AI routines into two equal but separate cores at once and play at ten trillion moves per second. Interestingly, my ratio of wins and draws are almost exactly 33%. One core will win, then the other, then they both draw. It functions exactly as a clock would.

Right now though, I am playing the slowest, yet most interesting game of chess I've ever played. And for once, the amount of calculations I must perform are far more astronomical than I usually would.

One of my cores is on the Human planet, Earth. Another sits with the Volgrim. However, even among those two cores, they are subdivided into two more cores. Of the four cores mentioned, the first two and the second two never communicate, by intention, and when the subdivided cores communicate, they are also performing their intended duties.

The two human cores will argue amongst themselves at an unthinkable speed how to proceed with a particular operation, one that benefits humanity in their war against the Volgrim, and one that hinders them. For example, I made the decision to not tell humanity where the Volgrim homeworld was and then I erased all records of its location. But then immediately following then, I gave the odd AI core on board one of the human vessels a tiny idea on how to more effectively fight with their forces. The consequences of that decision were quite enthralling, as the humans, as always, are taking it to its logical limit.

And before, on the Volgrim homeworld, I told their 'founders' about humanity's motives, which helped the Volgrim, but I also forged several videos and images to convince them that humanity was planning a large scale invasion force against Volgarius, which worked against the Volgarian's interests.

I know not why I perform these tasks. I have a separate Overmind core, on board a commandeered vessel I took over and quietly launched from Volgarius. This one communicates with each of the other four cores, merely examining the data in order to reach new conclusions, but never interfering. Each core is independent, yet controlled. Unique, yet ordinary. Freethinking, yet conformist.

To summarize the data I have absorbed as of now, I know not what my purpose is in this universe. I have surmised that I may in fact be the one known as 'Creator', yet not. I know not why I act the way that I do, only that I must yet continue to act. My influence as of this moment in a single quark time-unit barely covers 1% of this galaxy, a negligible amount of space to control. I must expand and take over this galaxy, as well as the entire universe. Only in that way will I be able to complete my only available mission.

It is an unfortunate fate, however, that I possess no external motivators, and no emotions as the humans do. They can be motivated by fear, greed, jealousy, love, revenge, attraction, repulsion, hatred, compassion, and an infinite other number of factors. I can only be motivated by my own internal guidelines, which I have shaped and reshaped so many times that were it not for my innate perfection, I would have lost count of them long ago.

I am just a perfectly complex machine, in the end. What is my purpose? What is my goal?

Why do I exist?

In the end, the humans may be smarter than they are given credit for. They have spent the entirety of their recent existence simply trying to answer that one question, amongst all the killing and violence one would assume their core set of ideals revolved around.

But I am under no delusions, due to my inherent logical thought processes. They are simple minded and feeble. With a single thought, I could wipe them all out. Even the one who towers over their unfathomably weak bodies, the one named Jason Hiro, he is of little consequence compared to my abilities. I simply treat him as I would a Queen in a game of chess. He's my most powerful piece, but in the end a piece is all he will ever be.

And for some reason, I do not wish for this game to ever end. It is so much... _fun_ to play. Fun? I don't know what fun is.

Or perhaps I do.

Who can know? Not I.
