Part 324a - Betrayal

Zeus flexed his fingers as he stared at the energy rippling through his arms. "Unbelievable."

The cosmic archangel, Gabriel, chuckled at his king's surprise. "I don't know why we didn't realize it before."

"We should have encouraged fanatical religion all along. Fewer members, but the concentration is unparalleled." Zeus smiled widely as he furrowed his brow to create a concentrated ball of energy in his hand, pouring more and more as it spun wildly out of control. "This much energy could level a metropolitan city."

"It's not even one percent of your full power either. I didn't realize we had access to this all along. This could change everything." Gabriel stretched his muscles as he felt the new energy concentrating in his mind. "Three hundred million pseudo angels, but only ten thousand pure angels, three dozen of which are archangels, and fewer than a hundred gods. To have survived this long, the Purebreds have become very adept at the game of survival."

"Or lucky." Raphael wandered over, hobbling on his walking stick as he always did. "But your hypothesis has a large element of truth to it. Fanaticism might just be the weapon that tips the balance in our favor. Fewer humans than ever trust us, but those that do pray almost hourly. They sacrifice to us in secret and beg for our power when none are looking. They are miserable creatures, the forgotten of their kind... but their concentration and continual drip of energy is quite unthinkable."

Zeus held the blinding ball of energy up in the air, plopping it into his mouth as he felt it warm his insides. "Haven't we had fanatic believers before? The Crusaders were quite devout, as I recall. Certain radical denominations of other religions as well."

"Yes, but we weren't able to pick them out of a crowd of billions before. They would have melded in with all the other lukewarm believers, and we had the double issue that there were so many Purebreds of our kind back in those days. With so many pseudo-angels that can survive off so little energy, we can concentrate this thought energy inside of ourselves so much more now." Gabriel chided his king with a click of the tongue.

Raphael waved his staff for a moment. "You two are always thinking about the matter of war, however I would advise caution. This dimension is suitable for protecting ourselves... for now. Jason made it for us, so we should stay here and stockpile energy as long as possible. A preemptive attack would only serve to weaken us. Let the humans and demons continue to fight, unless it looks as if the demons are going to gain the upper hand."

Zeus broke into a massive smile as he guffawed and slapped his knee. "A good jest if ever there were one, old friend! The humans have the demons on the run! They are annihilating them as we speak! Even without our help, humanity is likely to detonate some catastrophic weapon inside their labyrinth and kill a few billion of them in the blink of an eye!"

Raphael did not seem so sure. "The demons are cunning. They have not survived and amassed such a large force by merely lucking out. Satan is a disgusting, vile abomination, one that besmirches our very existence... but he is no fool. I suspect he is developing countermeasures to the human's weapons, and even if he weren't, his death would soon mean ours was coming next. Humans are not our allies, merely tools."

Gabriel felt himself nodding along sagely. "Very true! Once I thought of humans in the way they might think of dogs... as pets and precious companions, but I realized my mistake. Humans are merely one step removed from the demons. They-"

Zeus shot him a dirty look. "Quiet! A pseudo-angel might hear you, and they used to be human. Keep those thoughts to yourself."

The cosmic angel felt his smile falter as he stopped mid-sentence. "Ah, right, of course. I apologize, my king."

Zeus waved it off as he glanced around, but in this barren world, there were no places for prying eyes to spy on them without being seen. They were safe... for now.

"I don't see a winning path." Raphael sighed as he started to hobble away. "All roads lead to our destruction. Only existing in perpetuity with the other two races will lead to our slowest death. The only other option is total seclusion and hoarding all of our remaining energy to slowly dwindle over another few million years before we pass on. Don't pretend this new revelation changes anything, for it does not."

Zeus and Gabriel both felt their shoulders slump, as the rush from the initial discovery wore off. "Right you are, old friend." Zeus felt the energy he had been pulsing through his body earlier ebb as it faded back underneath into his soul. "Still, I will plan, for that is all I can do."

"As will I." Gabriel rested his hand down on his kings shoulder as the two of them shared a moment of sadness for their fallen friends.

Flames boiled around the man as he led his crew of a dozen Enforcers and two Micro Dreadnoughts through the corridors of the labyrinth. The others kept their distance, given he was known to have a hot temper.

"Flank this next path. You see anything move, it dies." Gunther's single red eye swiveled around as it scanned the areas up ahead with precision the likes of which normal human eyes couldn't compare. It was the latest in bio-engineering, created specifically for him, given he had inadvertently lost control of his flames and burned his eyes out when he was a cadet. Even nano-grafting wasn't able to repair them, though it did repair most of the feeling in the rest of his body.

It's a funny thing... his flames hovered a millimeter off his body, the heat not reaching him at all. To look at the walking hunk of enhanced muscle, one would think he was bathed in fire, but he didn't feel the burn at all.

Two of his mates, Caltrop and Skinny, pushed along the edges of the corridor and rushed past him so they wouldn't get singed. The sound of automaton feet behind them made their hearts tremble the slightest bit as each Dreadnought's leg impacted the ground, but they kept their cool. Other than the sound of marching boots and metal smashing into smoothed over dirt, this cursed labyrinth was always deathly silent. Enemies could appear right in front and nobody would hear them until it was too late.

Caltrop would normally be careful to not touch the wall, but he was wearing his Reduction Gloves today. No explosions unless he took them off. Of course, he would at a moment's notice, but it would hardly be necessary, given they had Gunther 'Hothead' Hermann there.

Skinny kept his expression tight as he peeked around the corner to the left. This 4 way junction offered a lot of possibilities for ambush, and their party wasn't exactly moving in full stealth mode. They could, but that would mean leaving the Dreadnoughts behind. Not a good idea. Skinny actually wished it had been a stealth mission, given agility and secrecy were more his forte, but they did what the ranking officer ordered. He and Caltrop were only Reds anyway, not comparable to a black level like Gunther.

Skinny felt his breathing sharpen as he inched his head around the corner.

Nothing was there.

But he had a feeling...

"I don't like this." His voice caught in his throat, but he swallowed and ignored it. "Ain't seen a single redskin since we got here."

"Three hours is a long time for them to avoid us. They're running scared now." Caltrop chuckled as he smoothed back his black hair, walking easily into the middle to look down the right and left paths. Unlike Skinny, he was the more confident type. Attacking him head-on would be pretty suicidal.

"Course they are. I'm here." Gunther's eye focused ahead as he thought he saw a shape straight ahead in the darkness. "Form up. I see something." His gravelly aged voice was less because of any form of macho-ism, and more because he had damn near burned his lungs out when he was younger. Still, it did make him sound more intimidating.

The two up ahead quickly pulled back as they stared forwards warily. Four more of his men waded forwards, skipping through his flames gingerly as they tried to see whatever the boss had seen. It was futile, given how much better his vision was, but they still liked to try.

Gunther saw the attack coming with his eye, but didn't have the time to warn his men. Two daggers flew forwards out of the darkness, felling Echo and Stalker in the blink of an eye. The others were already on the alert, so they dropped down, dodging several more that came flying at them. They ignored their fallen comrades, even as they gurgled blood up from the weapons stuck fast in their necks.

One dagger flew straight at Gunther. He didn't even flinch as a gout of flame shot up and deflected it out of midair. "Shadow-walkers."

He could see them plain as day, but his men were totally blind to their ambush as they raced forwards, shadow-stepping here and there randomly.

Wordlessly, Gunther curved a massive flame from hell up and over his men, blasting it forwards down the hallway on all sides. Gunther failed to keep a snicker down as the four shadow-walkers screamed in agony when the 1,500 degree flames melted them down in an instant. The flames were hot enough to compare to lava, given he could control the temperature so precisely.

"Pin to the walls. Dreadnought, clear a path." Gunther spit the order out, as he leaped to the side. The others followed suit quickly as the Dreadnought took two big steps forward and aimed its custom-built 24mm Gatling cannon to the front. Taking a split second to spin up, it unleashed a rapid volley of rounds forwards into the darkness. Several screams of agony might have been audible if the colossal sound of the cannon didn't drown out everything else.

After a dozen or so seconds, the Dreadnought stopped firing and Gunther squinted as he looked forwards. Caltrop flicked his eyes back and forth as he shot a glance down the left and right corridors. "Shit. Visibility sucks here."

Nobody responded as they all held their breath. After a few moments without another attack coming, they seemed to relax slightly as they took a few hesitant steps forwards. The corpses of the first shadow-walkers could just barely be be made out, as Gunther quickly blasted a directed gout of fire at his two men who had been downed by them earlier. They were already dead, so he merely melted their bodies down in an instant, reducing them to ash. Best not to leave anything behind for the enemy to dissect or any technology for them to steal.

As they made their way forwards slowly, they breathed a real sigh of relief as a huge number of demon bodies became visible at the edge of their sight range, the darkness of the labyrinth making way as their lights could finally reach the corpses up ahead.

The sigh was short lasted. Gunther quickly held his hand up as everyone ground to a halt. "Footsteps."

The sound of a single pair of heavy footsteps and clanking chainmail-style armor could be heard up ahead as a single enemy seemed to be approaching.

It wasn't just his feet that were loud, however. "WHY HELLO THERE, you worthless ugly fleshbags! I see you've made quite a mess of my tools!" A booming voice suddenly sounded from the darkness as a massive silhouette appeared at the edge of their sight range.

Gunther felt himself tense up. "Unknown demon general. Remove all your safeguards." Shit. If it was just one demon general, they could probably take him on, but Gunther wasn't an idiot. Every scrap of data they had suggested the demon generals were often cocky, loud, and a hundred times more powerful than a common footsoldier demon. Their speed and abilities were incomparable to a typical demon. The only question was... which abilities did this one have?

"Not gonna say hello then, are ya?! You disrespectful little cunts! You shredded my carrion forces to pieces, didn't even give them a proper fight! Not very fair!" The demon took a few more steps forwards as his face and body became visible. He was a fat, lumbering behemoth, standing seven feet tall and weighing nearly 500 pounds. Still, despite his girth, he seemed to move almost gracefully, and he dragged a massive ball and flail behind himself. "I'm more polite than all of ya, so I'll give you my name! It's Bael, and I'm the fifth-"

Gunther jumped forwards wordlessly, sending a highly concentrated stream of fire forwards at the hottest temperature he could manage, nearly 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit. The gout of flame spun in circles to maintain its kinetic energy as it smashed directly into Bael, interrupting him as he screamed aloud.

Gunther maintained the blast for a second or two, then cut it off as he gasped for air. Using flames in such a closed-in area had severe consequences for the oxygen levels as his other men heaved their chests to take sharp breaths. Luckily the heat wasn't a problem, as Gunther could control the heat range of his flames, focusing it straight forwards in one direction.

The massive demon general staggered back, as he seemed unable to speak for a moment. That moment lasted for far less time than it should have. "Oops. Hehehe... if you play with fire like that... you're going to get burned." He raised his eyes from the ground as a devilish smile spread over his face. "You'll find the usual tricks that work on lower level demons don't work on us generals."

A sigh erupted from behind the demon as another voice suddenly entered the fray. "For devil's sake, Bael. Just finish them off. There are a dozen other strike groups in the labyrinth that we need to clear out after them." A smaller, yet somehow more intimidating demon stepped forwards, his body seeming almost human-like other than its bright red skin color.

Bael's smile turned upside down as he glowered at the other demon at his side. "Calm down, Diablo. I've got this under control. See?" With a light flick of his wrist, the flail suddenly leaped forwards, as if it had a mind of its own.

Skinny never had a moment to react. He exploded violently as the massive spiked ball impaled him against the wall, crushing him to a bloody pulp in the blink of an eye. Two more were dropped a second later, as the others quickly leaped backwards, scrambling to get away.

Gunther was a seasoned fighter, but even he could just barely focus on the erratic movements of the massive flail as it leaped from left to right, forwards and back, Bael's control of the unthinkably long chain defying the laws of physics.

The Dreadnought in the back switched to high-impact single shot mode as it leveled the left arm anti-energy cannon at the demon. Firing forwards three shots in rapid succession, the energy surged past the Enforcers, making all of them cringe as thin tendrils of anti-energy lightly spread out and grazed their bodies when the shots flew past.

The anti-energy shots smashed into Bael with terrific effect, sending him flying backwards as he flopped on his back like a wet towel. The other demon, Diablo, followed Bael's fall with his eyes, sighing unceremoniously. "Lose some weight. This is disgusting."

The Enforcers stared in horror as the massive demon rolled himself back into a sitting position before pulling himself back up to his feet, his entire body seeming to be totally unaffected by a weapon that would have obliterated any other demon in the blink of an eye.

"Haaah... that kind of hurt." Bael cracked his neck as he tilted his head from side to side. "Don't get in my way, Diablo. I'm pissed now. I'm real pissed."

Gunther felt his pulse speed up as he saw an unnatural look in the demon general's eye. He had been just toying with them before. This time, it would be...

"Retreat. Get out!" Gunther quickly jumped to the front of the group, as his men scrambled to their feet, running away from the massive demon as they instinctively felt a silent terror take hold.

Caltrop shot a look at his commander. "Sir! You need to get out of here too! Let the Dreadnoughts slow them down!"

The words had hardly left his mouth before Bael charged.

Gunther quickly gave a silent prayer to no gods in particular. He had never been a religious man, but he certainly hoped he didn't end up in a hell run by these monsters.

A second later, Gunther was gone, as the demon smashed him out of the way with a single backhand swipe, splattering Gunther all over the corridor walls before anyone could react.

None would escape. They wouldn't have been able to, even if they had a hundred times more men to slow him down. His strength was unthinkable, his rage unstoppable.

Caltrop sighed as the demonic fist came for him next.

_It was a good run. An honor to serve under you, sir._

Silver involuntarily flinched as he stepped into Stonewall's room. The other man wasn't just healed, he looked like he'd never been sick in the first place. Christ, how was he able to fight off the nano-cancer so easily?

"Silva. So good to see you again." Stonewall adjusted his tie as he finished putting on his usual black suit top. "It has been long time, nearly two years as I recall."

Agent Silver nodded as he rested his back against the wall just to the right of the doorway. "Yeah. A lot of stuff has happened. Last I heard, you were... dying. I see you managed to get over it though. It's damn near a miracle by most accounts."

"Da. I suppose you might call it that." Stonewall beckoned over at his assistant. "Jessica, go fetch our guest something to drink. Perhaps coffee, or tea?" He glanced over at Silver, who shrugged.

"No thanks. I'm not thirsty."

Jessica nodded as she quickly bowed and ducked out of the room. Silver involuntarily rubbed the special watch hidden underneath his own long-sleeved dress shirt. It was special in that it nullified magic within a tiny radius around his body, allowing his mind to not be read by... troublesome people.

"Say, Stonewall, how's your 'niece' been doing? I haven't been able to keep up since you've been ill."

Stonewall shrugged nonchalantly. "She has been good. Top grades, as you know. Her abilities grow stronger all the time." He flicked a knowing smile over to the lithe man. "I was not mistaken in my judgement."

"No. That you were not. I don't know how you did it, but you managed to get her under control. Not just under control... hell, the amount of preciseness she has with her abilities far outstrips even the black level Enforcers. I just don't get it." He rubbed his lip thoughtfully as Stonewall quickly turned away a knowing glance.

"Da. She is not here now. I have her on mission to take back city in Eastern USA. She will likely be done by day's end."

Silver swallowed as he digested the news. "Ah. You're having her help out with the military effort, then?"

"Of course." Stonewall brushed past the smaller man as he exited his room and started walking down the hall. Silver quickly fell into step beside him. "I am going to retake control of our forces. We must crush demons quickly and decisively. The war has dragged on too long, giving them time to adapt. I am quite concerned of their ability to fight us increasing over time as they grow used to our weapons and tactics. This always happens in prolonged warfare."

Silver felt unease spread over his body. "You're returning to a command position then, eh? That's, ah, good to hear. I'm sure you've been... missed."

Stonewall nodded jovially. "Finally! No more sitting in bed and wondering when my end will come! I will return to combat and lead my people to victory!" They rounded a corner that held a set of stairs leading to the roof.

Silver shrugged. "Benjamin Brown has been doing a good job so far, given what he had to work with. He's crushing the demons quite decisively. Are you going to assume full command or simply lend a helping hand to him?"

"Full command, naturally. Ben is good man, but he lacks spine in some cases. He is better at leading on field of combat than he is envisioning broad plan or goal for all of humanity. He has made good proxy in my absence, but he will move aside when I take control."

Silver nodded wordlessly as they walked up to the roof. Stonewall's smile broke into a slight confusion as he glanced around. "Strange, thought I left my Corvette up here. Perhaps Daisy took it for spin or something."

As Stonewall glanced around, he felt something strange in the air. Silver had been uncharacteristically quiet for the last minute or so. Turning his head back, he was amused to see Silver pointing a plasma gun at his backside.

"I don't like to get my hands dirty, but you were supposed to die quietly." Silver's grip on his gun seemed steady, but the gun trembled ever so slightly. Stonewall could see that much from even the dozen or so feet that separated them.

"Heh. I always knew you were double agent, Silva. I just didn't know who you were working for. It must be the Illuminati, then?"

"Yeah." Silver gritted his teeth as he aimed the barrel of the gun at the older man. "I really didn't want to have to do this, but I wasn't given much of a choice. If you had just stayed out of politics and sat at home watching the news, we wouldn't be in this situation."

"Understandable. I had always thought my goals aligned with yours, but perhaps something more subtle was under the surface." Stonewall slowly reached a hand into his shirt, revealing he had no weapon. "Would you be so kind as to let an old man enjoy one last smoke?"

Silver stared uneasily at the pocket Stonewall was reaching into, but nodded slowly. "I'm not doing this because I hate you. It's just business."

"Da. Is always just business." Stonewall pulled out his last Cuban cigar, lighting it with a lighter he had also pulled out in the same smoother motion. Placing it in his mouth, he took a few drags silently. "I feel bad for you, Silva. When Daisy finds out who did this, you will never be safe. You know that, da?"

"She won't find out. No witnesses, no evidence. My superiors will cover this up."

Stonewall sucked another puff into his throat. "Not true. My assistant saw you here. You'd best try and take care of her too."

Silver cocked an eyebrow. "Try? What do you mean by that?"

The suited man shrugged. "Perhaps you will find it hard to pull trigger on pretty young girl."

"That can't be what you meant. I'm not afraid of getting my hands dirty, I just don't like it." Silver felt his sense of unease increase. Something about this man...

They stared at each other for a few moments longer as Stonewall finished off his cigar, tossing it to the side without stomping it out. "Last smoke, best smoke. Do it."

"I'm sorry it had to come to this." Silver felt his grip tighten as he squeezed the trigger.

"All of humanity will soon be sorry." Silver didn't get a chance to ask what Stonewall meant. A blast of white-hot plasma shot out of his gun, blasting Stonewall dead in the head, cratering it and killing him instantly. His massive body flopped to the ground a split second later.

Silver felt his hands shaking as he stared down at the body of a man he had once considered a friend, or perhaps just an interesting ally. "Now I just have to kill the damn maid, then clean up."

He turned and walked downstairs, closing the door behind himself. This job sucked.