Part 344a

_May 20th, 2117._

Jorge pressed his wife against his chest as he gave her a long, solemn hug. After a few moments he separated from her and reached down to hug his daughter as well. Finally, the three of them turned to stare at one another, sadness evident in all their eyes.

"Well... it's almost time. Just ten more minutes to departure."

Jorge spoke softly and Amy nodded vigorously, her eyes filling with tears. "You could stay, you know. You don't have to go."

"Yeah, dad. Someone else can go. You've done enough!" Sarah felt her lip quiver as she quickly looked away to wipe her eyes. "Let some other guy take the lead on this one."

"It just wouldn't feel right, sweetheart. Your mom and I discussed this at length, and we decided that this would be good for us. It will mean that my pay grade rises three ranks, so we'll be able to move to a better district in the capital. Supreme Commander Hiro has one of his clones aboard, so we can set up a magic-based conference call with our family members any time we want. I plan to call every week, so we'll get to talk all the time!"

Jorge's explanation left Sarah wanting. "I guess... I still don't think it's worth it, dad. Our house is plenty big, the neighborhood is a safe one, what more could we want?"

Jorge chuckled. "You're still too young, sweetheart. Someday when you have a family of your own, you'll get it. I'm not being greedy, your mom and I just think we could do better. It'll only be a few years."

Sarah crossed her arms and put on a pouty expression. "It's just not fair. I'll be twenty by the time you're done looking at the stupid planet."

Amy decided to intervene, for Jorge's sake. "You're being selfish, Sarah. We'll talk to your father every single week. He won't miss a single important life event that way. Also, if push comes to shove, an emergency return is always possible. It's really not that big of a deal."

Jorge glanced over at his wife, noting that despite her words, she didn't seem to be convinced it really wasn't 'that big of a deal'. Even she had some reservations.

"Come on, Sarah. You're making your old man feel guilty. You want me to cry myself to sleep every night or something?" Jorge puffed up his lip and blinked as if he was forcing back mock tears, which only made Sarah giggle.

"All right, all right... but you'd better not forget to call! If you're even an hour late I'll wring you out to dry!" Sarah's pouty expression faded and was replaced with a more jovial one, but everyone still felt rather down in the dumps about the whole scenario.

"Officer Gutierrez." A man walked up to the small family and smiled brightly, causing Amy to catch her breath as she looked him in the eyes.

"Supreme Commander?" Jorge stood at attention quickly, as did his wife. Saluting in this context was unnecessary, but in his presence, formality was desirable.

"Not quite. I'm J2-40, one of the Supreme Commander's clones. Specifically, I'll be joining you on your voyage to Revival. I'm not going in a command capacity though, I'm merely there for support reasons. I do hope we'll get to know each other, though."

Jorge nodded and spread a stiff smile across his face. "I feel the same way... sir. Err, what should I call you?"

"Technically my name is the same as the Supreme Commander's, but I am my own person. The other clones call me Hawkeye, so that will do. If you want to keep the relationship formal, Officer Hawkeye is fine by me." The clone of Jason's smiled again as he beckoned towards the ship. "In any case, we're all ready to go when you are."

"I'll be right there, sir." Jorge waved politely as Hawkeye walked away, before turning back to his wife and daughter. "All right. Stay safe, don't have too much fun without me, and make sure to eat your vegetables."

Sarah's smile had dissipated again and tears were in her eyes. Amy likewise was feeling pangs of sadness already, but she managed to keep those hidden. "Love you, dad. Go make history... okay?"

Amy leaned forwards and gave her husband one last kiss and hug, both of them drawing it out for several seconds as their daughter awkwardly shuffled her feet and averted her eyes. Jorge finished and leaned down to hug his daughter one last time, giving her a quick peck on the cheek.

"I'm off. I'll call you once we've hit warp speed."

The women waved goodbye as he quickly walked over to the teleporter pad that had been set up, a faint smile on his face as he returned the wave.

A moment later, he was gone.

Amy and Sarah stared at the pad for several moments, both of them secretly hoping he'd beam back down and declare it was all a mistake.

Sarah finally broke the silence, swallowing hard, as she quickly rubbed her eyes on her shirt's shoulder. "Well, he's gone."

"Yeah." Amy mumbled with less heart than she had intended to, but words escaped her.

"Let's go to church."

"That sounds fine."

The two of them turned and walked away. Now, Jorge's fate would be in the hands of the gods.

"You think I'm ready to start using it in real combat?"

I aim my question at Arthur, and he shrugs.

"I thought you were ready a decade ago. You keep asking me, and my response is always yes. I don't see why you can't just use Excalibur like any normal weapon. In the end, it is just a sword, and you are its master. Stop treating it like some hallowed object reserved only for sacred occasions."

My face stings from his verbal assault, but I keep up a stern expression. I swing my mental image of Excalibur at the massive stone Golem before me, cleaving it in two with little effort, its massive body smashing into the ground with a thunderous crash. The effort taken feels quite negligible.

"I can't tell if I've become more adept at using the sword, or merely better at focusing my mental energy in this dreamworld. Am I swinging the sword harder, or merely perceiving the illusion of the beings that I fight as not truly being there, making the effort required to best them negligible?"

Arthur does a hand-stand, using only his left hand to lift himself up while he swings his own image of Excalibur around wildly, probably as some crazy feat of balance. "It's a mixture of both, I'd assume. You are becoming more adept at using the sword, yes, but your own mastery of mental visualizations is helping too. There is, however, something else at work here."

I wait patiently, but he doesn't elaborate. Apparently he's playing the pronoun game. "What is it?"

"Your inner power levels. They have gone up substantially since when I first met you. Any idea why?"

I shrug. "Maybe I'm like Superman. I'm absorbing the light of the yellow sun."

Arthur shrugs. "I don't know who he is, but that is incorrect. No, but I do believe that you are slowly absorbing some of Excalibur's energy, or perhaps my own. At your current rate of absorption, of course, it would take you millions of years to reach my level, but it's still an interesting feat."

"Huh." I throw my hands up in the air. "Absorbing spiritual energy, huh? I've killed a lot of demons to date. Do you think if I absorbed their energy when I killed them, it would make me more powerful?"

Arthur drops from his hand-standing position and rolls into a standing position in one smooth movement. The timing was so perfect that I feel envy surge in my veins. "That is an excellent idea. However, short of absorbing Satan himself or some high ranking demon, none of the small fry will do much, if anything for you. Also, there's the matter of their demonic energy versus your heroic energy. It might be similar to swilling Hemlock eagerly. I would advise testing the effects of demonic energy on your body before doing any of that absorbing business."

Arthur's expression is totally neutral, despite the crazy gymnastics he had just been doing. His body is quite durable, and his endurance seems to be almost unlimited. This is what peak performance looks like... he isn't even breathing harder than usual.

"Poison... yeah, you're probably right. Still, what if I managed to defeat Satan and absorb his energy? Think of the energy increase I'd get. And what about his abilities? He has so many... maybe I could take them for myself?"

"Possibly. Then again, do you really need them? Whatever his abilities are, yours should surpass them in every way. You know what they say about coveting the goods another person possesses... it will eat you alive."

Arthur summons a massive fire dragon, the first one he had me fight many years ago when he wanted to test my abilities. I easily cut it down in a matter of seconds, my body moving swift like the wind as I sever its head from its body, then split the head in two with another swing.

A few moments later, I land on the ground and turn back to him. "You're probably right. I can't imagine he was being serious when we last fought, but if he ran away out of fear that would lend credibility to the idea that he was unable to beat me. If he ran because I wasn't a challenge, then that wouldn't make much sense. Still, quite some time has passed. He might have improved, in much the same way as I have."

"Satan is the only being other than Amelia that I genuinely fear. You have spoken about the Volgrim leader, Unarin, before... but he seems to me like a small fry. Satan is a terrible evil, a blight upon this world. I would have once said the same of Amelia, but perhaps you have tamed the beast inside of her. As for Satan though, he not only possesses immense spiritual energy and an arsenal of powers that I can't even comprehend, he is also the leader of billions, possibly trillions of demons. If he sought to completely overrun the world with demons, he very likely would win in a week."

My mouth feels dry. "If Satan has the capability to wipe out humanity and take over the Earth in one week... why hasn't he?"

"I don't think he can anymore, or perhaps he can but he's not certain of his capabilities. He has faced you in combat, he knows how your Wordsmithing works... and he also knows of your tens of thousands of clones. Killing you isn't enough, since any clone can take your place. Even if he surges his demons onto Earth, you might be able to exterminate them, by literally saying the word 'exterminate'. A single word could spell the end of his entire species. That is a frightening proposition for any leader."

"Yeah... no person wants to be the one in charge when a calamity occurs. They inevitably take the full blame for it." I pause, remembering what happened with Beatrix and how Stonewall used the Christmas Day Massacres against her, blaming her for everything. Some things simply never change...

"Cheh. Tell me about it." Arthur rolls his eyes flippantly. "The peasants of the world simply have no clue how difficult it is to lead a mass of poorly educated people, and worse still, if you educate them, they suddenly think they have all the answers! It makes your job even harder! Truly a lose-lose situation."

"You said it." My thoughts roll back again to Beatrix and how casually the people of the world elected a man who so flippantly stole their rights away. The demagoguery he used turned what could have been an educated populace into a bunch of fearful idiots.

Beatrix... she's living on Mars now, apparently. She long ago renounced her official duties, unable to return in any political form after her humiliating loss to Stonewall. I should speak with her some time.

Several moments pass as Arthur and I stare up at the sun and the clouds passing overhead. He finally speaks up. "How are things going with Amelia?"

"Very well. She's working in a hospital now, using her abilities to heal people. So long as my designated clones give her energy every day, she has zero negative side effects. Also, I took her advice and sent ten thousand clones to Earth to work on improvements for humanity's livelihood. I'm hoping to move away from generic currency towards something more like universal basic income, or away from currency entirely. Replicators can make everything we need, so currency seems pointless."

"Many a king has gone to war and led millions of his men to their deaths, all in pursuit of gold. Truly, money is the work of the demons. Eradicating it from society can only improve the lives of those no longer bound by its constraints. If nothing else, I support this measure." Arthur chuckles wryly to himself.

"What's so funny?"

He itches under his eye for a moment, a broad grin spreading across his face. "The lost city of El-Dorado. I found it, actually... and I destroyed it. It really was a city of gold. It seems you're bound to follow in my footsteps even in the most menial ways."

"True, that." I glance down at my wrist, only to realize I'm not wearing a watch. It wouldn't work in this world anyway. "Anyway, I need to go. We'll talk again, Arthur."

"Sure thing. Just don't forget me... it can be quite boring in here." Arthur conjured a tasteless apple and bit into it, forcing a lonely smile across his face. "I'll just be sitting here... playing chess by myself."

"You're going to make me throw up with all of this guilt-tripping."

"Good." His smile becomes genuine as I will myself to leave.

The world turns to white as I slowly return back to reality.