Part 239a

Satan sat on the steppes of the terrace and watched as Belial fenced against another of the female demons. The two girls jabbed their foils back and forth, riposting and parrying each others attacks deftly, and while they were quite good, Belial was clearly the better of the two since she was also able to hold a conversation while fighting, and her opponent required strict concentration.

"I'm glad to hear it worked out so splendidly, my love!" Belial stepped to the side slightly as her opponents foil missed her by an inch, the other girl recoiling backwards quickly to regain balance. "Nerissa, if you stab with your right hand, pull back with your left foot to recover. How many times must I tell you this?"

Satan sipped some wine as he half-heartedly watched the fight, his other hand playing with a datapad that he had obtained from a human. As a demon, he wasn't fond of using technology, and he didn't understand how any of it worked. Something about electricity and capacitors that charged to deliver binary code of ones and zeroes that created images and letters... or something. None of it made much sense to the average demon, who just could not grasp the subtleties of human technology and engineering. The youngest of the demons might be able to understand a bit of it, but they never made much effort to try, since they were usually quite lazy, using their magic as a sort of parlor trick set to impress human women, whom they would take to bed later in the night.

Sitting inside the Castle of Baltheim, a fortress created inside a protected zone of his labyrinth, Satan was quite safe and secure, far away from the problems the world was facing right now, but he was fully aware of at least one of those problems, having created it himself. "The humans have yet to figure out the motive behind the attack, or even how it was coordinated. I do despise striking from the shadows like this, though. It was so easy back before the humans could fight on their own terms, when they needed the help of angels and gods."

"My love, that was two thousand years ago, really you need to stop thinking about the past with those rose colored goggles of yours." Belial smiled sweetly as Nerissa took a swipe at her. Belial parried the swipe roughly, sending the foil flying across the carpeted room and against a wall.

Nerissa sighed. "Another win for you. Haaah, do I even have a chance at beating you?" She pulled her long reddened hair out of her foiling mask, as it spilled out all over her body. The gear was hardly necessary, given the two demons would need something akin to a tank cannon at point blank range to truly damage their bodies, but she had to wear it since Belial insisted it helped stay in character with their human forms. She glanced down at her hands, noting they were getting slightly chafed. "Six straight hours of practice, that felt longer than it actually was too."

Belial rolled her eyes. "Keep the whining to a minimum, my dear. Go and wash up and be back in an hour."

Nerissa turned and walked away without so much as a nod, leaving Belial and Satan by themselves. Belial walked up and sat next to Satan on the extra-wide steppes, each one a few dozen feet wide, extending up several rows to allow almost a hundred spectators to watch whatever event happened to be playing. Leaning her head over, she yawned as she rested on his shoulder. "So, tell me more. How did it go?"

"It went as well as it could have gone, I suppose. That 'hero' human was there already, he took out my men before they could completely finish the deed, but we had a 95% success rate. It could have gone worse, I suppose."

Belial licked her lips lazily as she wrapped her left arm through Satan's right arm. "Worse, certainly. I thought you were better than that though, honey. Ninety-five percent is like a total failure for your standards, isn't it?"

Satan smiled sweetly for his queen. "Lilia, you have such a way with words. Truth be told, my pride is a little hurt. I miss when things were simpler. I miss when fists and taunting were the way to defeat one's opponent... I hate this skulking in the dark business, working in the shadows and such. I hate shaping myself to look like humans so we blend in."

Belial rubbed her face on his shoulder slowly. "Yes, love, I know that much. We all do... but soon, Humanity's war will be in full swing, and we will be able to make our move then."

Satan let the datapad in his hands lower as he stared at a candle a few feet away, the fire in it burning in his eyes like the forges of old. "The young demons may not care for revenge, but I have not forgotten. You have not forgotten. We will never forget the humiliation we felt, thousands of years ago. Angels and humans must never be trusted."

"I actually don't mind either, dearest, but for you I'd fight Zeus himself if it made you love me more." Belial smiled sweetly as she leaned up and pecked him on the cheek.

Satan grinned at her advances and pulled her up to his face. "Not possible. I already love you more than I love my own life." He pulled her in firmly, almost sucking the life out of her as he embraced her passionately, kissing her with animalistic ferocity.

After a minute, the two split apart to catch their breath. "No demon, or man, could ever be your equal in my eyes." Belial smiled adorably as the two got up and made their way to the bedchambers, where Nerissa would soon join them.