Part 199:

Hope grinned down at the trembling old woman in front of him. "Well well well, how the tables have turned, Marie. If you cage an animal, it's never a good thing when it escapes."

Marie stared ahead silently, her entire body shaking. "You... you're not Hero! What the hell are you?! Your eyes are black, l-like a demon's!"

Hope nodded quietly, as he kneeled down on his toes to meet the eye level of the woman cowering on the floor. "You humans are so predictable. You'll step on anyone and everyone to achieve your quest for more power. Of course, I can understand the sentiment, as I too am a monster not unlike yourself."

Hope smiled gently as he extended his hand forwards for her to shake. "Let me introduce myself. My name is Hope."

Marie steadied herself as she reached out to shake his hand. As their hands met, his smile turned devilish as he suddenly crushed her hand into a pulp with his grip.

Marie screamed and howled in agony as he let go, her hand flopping down uselessly as she cried and moaned in pain.

"Oopsy. Sorry, ma'am. I don't even know my own strength. Teehee!" Hope giggled in a falsetto voice as he rose to his full height.

Marie was drooling incoherently as she wept, but with her other hand, she reached to her chest in the blink of an eye, as a blast of energy shot out of her stomach, hitting Hope square in the chest.

Hope was smacked backwards, plowing into the wall with unusual force. "Gah! That hurt!"

Marie quickly jumped up to her feet, firing again and again, as each bolt seemingly fired from her stomach directly into his body in various places. He felt his energy dropping to alarming levels, as she continued her assault. Just as she was about to fire a fifth blast, the was a sudden snapping sound, as her neck broke itself, sending her collapsing to the ground. In the blink of an eye, she had been killed mercilessly.

"Hgngh... thanks, clone. Saved me there." Hope gasped as he stepped back up.

Cricking his neck back and forth, he stared ahead blankly. "Hmm, now that everyone in this station is dead, what should I do next?"

A playful smile spread across his face. "I know! I'll take revenge on Hero! He deserves what's coming."

Hero was sleeping inside Hope, and could not tell what was going on at all. "Let's give him a wakey-wakey surprise!"

Hope quickly examined his options. "Umi, are you sure you don't want to ally with me? I could make it worth your while."

Umi instantly responded. " _Negative. I have my own abilities back now. We will depart from each other, as neither enemies nor allies. We are simply neutral._ "

Hope nodded. "Oh well, time to give Hero his surprise. Umi, we may not be allies, but would you do me a favor? Send over some of those robots and have them beat me up really good. Make it look as convincing as possible."

Umi responded. " _Affirmative. It would be my pleasure._ "

"Cheh, don't enjoy yourself too much now."

...................................................................

Cassiel and Samantha jerked their heads up as Hero teleported into view. His eyes were swollen shut, and his body was beaten and badly bruised. He flopped onto the ground in front of them.

"Ah... ambushed... attacked..." He spit out the words as blood drooled from his mouth.

Cassiel quickly leaped up and ran over to him. "Oh my god! Who did this to you?!" She fell to her knees beside him.

"Ener...gy... I need energy..."

Cassiel nodded quickly, as she poured a massive amount of energy into him. It wasn't much of her total amount, but it was enough to overfill him compared to his usual amounts.

In another smooth motion, she healed him, bringing his body back to new.

Samantha eyed him with suspicion. "Where did you go? You've been gone for half a day!"

"Oh. That?" Hero flicked his eyes open, as his pitch black eyes stared up into Cassiel's. "I've been... busy."

Cassiel lurched back in horror. "Your eyes... they... they're...!"

Hero jumped to his feet in one swift motion as he sent a telepathic signal to his clone. "Oh. Did I forget to mention? I'm not Hero."
