Part 010:

The food was hearty and filling. It was also icy cold and hard at first, but apparently I can create fire out of my palm. Interesting, I'm a wizard now, apparently. If only my name was Harry.

After checking the other three doors in this room, I confirmed they all led to other perfectly normal rooms and the only way out of this labyrinthine hell would be to leave out the original door I came in from, so I first barricade it with the furniture in the dining room (Not necessarily to stop things from entering, but to make noise and give me warning while I sleep) and then I head back into the bedroom, which has a big beautiful bed there with elaborate quilted blankets and all sorts of strange designs on them, with creatures that resemble dragons and monsters from old fairy tales.

What I find curious though, is the decorations in all 4 rooms of this small house-like structure. The first room is decidedly "modern" based on the amenities it provides, reminding me of the things that existed in the year I left from, though the wooden walls remind me of a somewhat older building.

The bathroom however, resembles an old Japanese style toilet, where you squat over it to do your business.

The bedroom is Victorian in nature. Very old, with a big beautiful mirror made of oak and glass on the wall, and the big bed with its four tall wooden pillars that extend up towards the ceiling.

The last room though... it blows my mind. It's a small armory. It's packed to the brim with weapons, armor, all of it highly advanced, far beyond anything I've ever imagined. The problem? I can't figure out how to use any of it. Most of the things I see are clearly weapons, yet they have no triggers or anything that would imply they could fire projectiles. Maybe they read your brain to fire or something, but even stranger is that they're all very big and heavy, shaped in a way that is definitely not human-size.

And the armor is unwearable. It's not human sized, or shaped. As cool as all of this looks, it seems to be useless to me. Oh well, I can shoot fire and light out of my hands, what use do I have for weapons anyway?

I'm going to sleep now, tomorrow, I shall begin my exploration of the labyrinth in full.
