Part 263a

"I don't trust them either." Diablo stood alongside Satan, with Agares, Belial, Bael, and Beleth all lazing about in various spots at a rather large and luxurious spa. "The Volgrim seem too familiar to me. I don't like their smell."

Satan's face held an expression of pondering, as he thought about the last few years and the demons' contact with the Volgrim. Nodding slightly, he made a reply. "The Volgrim are like the humans, in more ways than one. In fact, they only hold two key differences, which would be their terrible mouths filled with dozens of razor sharp teeth, and their strange personalities. Some Volgrim are completely mute when it comes to expressing emotions, others are borderline neurotic. Very... touchy."

Beleth shrugged as she sat at a table nearby the spa, a long smattering of papers spread out before her, with Agares sitting directly across from her. "Really, the teeth are the only major difference. Plenty of humans have personality traits that could be likened to the Volgrim. Even their height, body build, and the color they bleed are similar. They're eerily similar, if you ask me."

"Satan, what have you been able to glean of their race's history from your conversations with them?" Agares shifted his glasses on his nose as he continued to read a digital newspaper report about the ongoing Volgrim carnage, the paper being written in Chinese from one of China's top news companies. "I'm interested to learn more about their kind."

Satan tapped his chin thoughtfully. "Well, thanks to an ability I took from a certain goddess during the First War, I have some ability to read minds at a surface level. Their words told me little, but one of the Founders was a quiet one, the fourth, as I recall. She didn't speak much, but she thought about many different things. She actually had this interesting theory... rather silly, if you ask me... but her theory was that humans are actually an ancient Volgrim colony of some sort. Possibly millions of years old."

Agares shifted his gaze from his nifty electronic reader over to meet Satan's gaze. "Really? That theory is..." He paused for a few long moments as he lingered on his thoughts, then he spoke up again. "Satan, would you be so kind as to humor an old man? I have a theory of my own I should like to float."

Satan smiled kindly at his elder as he turned and walked over to the table where he was seated. Standing tall before it, he nodded quietly. "Certainly. As the oldest of our kind, your wisdom is always useful on any occasion."

Agares coughed quietly as he scratched his long, greying beard. "Well, as everyone knows, I am not the first demon ever birthed, that would be the ancient one named Grimoire. However, she, as well as all of the eldest demons, died long ago during the first Purge. I was the only one who survived."

Satan pulled out a seat and eased into it, as Diablo looked on with interest from his own seated position on a nearby towel. "Yes, you've mentioned this before. It was sheer luck that you had not died."

"Well... there is more to it than that. Do you know the origin of the demons?" Agares cocked an eye as he reached over and took a sip of wine.

"Well, now that you mention it, I do not. What of it?"

Agares swallowed several sips of wine before gently placing the delicate glass back on the table. "Well, see, demons are not evolved from lower life forms. We were created, actually. By the angels and gods, or more specifically, by the original Titans."

Belial glanced over from her resting spot inside the bubbling heated spa. "Oh? I did not know of this."

"I am the only one who knows, truth be told. I never brought it up, because there wasn't much to gain from it. It changes nothing with regards to why we hate the angels, and if anything, it would only increase our hatred for them even more." Agares gave a slight wave of his hand as he spoke, as if to brush off never mentioning this crucial fact about their legacies. "Actually, Grimoire told me of this, a few hundred years before she was killed. You see, in the beginning, demons were created as powerful, majestic red-skinned servants for the Titans. We were created essentially as lapdogs, to serve them hand and foot, or to... pleasure them. You know how it goes."

The others nodded thoughtfully. Given how the depravity of the Titans was often spoken of, it was obvious they would gravitate towards such unethical behavior.

"To make a long story infinitely shorter, some demons began to foment a rebellion. They possessed keen IQ's and an understanding of thought energy and how it worked. Before they could fully rise up though, the Titans learned of their treachery and killed many of them off. Some, like me, escaped. The titans learned from their mistake, and when they next created demons, they created the imps. Stupid, idiot little creatures that were far too weak to fight back. While we lost our use for their carnal delights, we still made for useful servants. They continued to hunt all of the remaining old demons, and I only survived by using magic to turn myself into an imp to blend in, though I did lose much of my power in doing so."

"Lucky that you did so." Diablo piped up, nodding with approval. "You are the only one left who could tell us this news. This is useful to know, indeed."

"Yes. Useful..." Agares voice cracked slightly, as he thought of ancient friends he would never again see. "I am... millions of years old. I witnessed the original cataclysm, you know... the one that killed the ancient dragons and changed the face of our world." As Agares spoke of _dragons_, Satan's eyes shifted away for a microsecond, glancing at Belial, just as she glanced at him. He quickly returned his gaze back to Agares, who was so deep in thought he hadn't even noticed, nor had Beleth, her nose still buried in mountains of paperwork.

"Something though, about that first cataclysm... the asteroid that killed the monsters and Titans of old, giving rise to the Gods and Angels of today... it opened the door for so much more, and now I question it. I question if that really was just an ordinary rock that fell from the sky."

Satan's eyes suddenly narrowed. "Wait, the rock from tens of millions of years before? Impossible. If you're implying that belonged to the Volgrim, then why would it wait so long for them to appear as humans?"

Agares shrugged as he hesitantly reached for his final swig of wine, before pausing just as he was about to touch the glass. "I do not know, Satan. We know little of the Volgrim. Perhaps, hundreds of millions of years ago, their technology was in its infancy. Perhaps their species was, as well. Maybe their technology had to wait until an ape happened upon it. Perhaps their technology gave birth to the rise of the mammals. I don't know... I'm just an old man."

Diablo found himself nodding along as he laid back on his towel, resting his head on top of his thick battle-trained arms. "Agares, this information is useful. Even if it were totally incorrect, and it isn't, mind you.... this might help us win the true war. The one we've always fought in our hearts."

"Perhaps the reason the demons were able to break free of the Titans' clutches was because of the humans. They made for competent slaves. Better than us, while lacking in magic power, like our fully realized demonic predecessors were. Yes, the humans that kicked and spat on us, might very well be descended from the group that we are now allied with." Satan snickered as he thought about it. He liked this theory, he liked it _a lot_. "Agares, as always, your wisdom is truly incredible. We're lucky to have you on our side."

Satan didn't speak of Leviathan, but the more he thought about it, the more he realized just how trivial mutation would seem to a beast of his incredible power. Whatever happened to that old dragon? He often wondered about it and sometimes had sleepless nights, but in the last few thousand years, the dragon had never reappeared. Perhaps, in some burst of anger, he had killed himself, scattering his energy to the void forever. A tragic waste, but to be expected of one who hated imprisonment as much as he.

Satan reached forwards, grabbing the remainder of the bottle of red wine for himself. "Agares, you are the father to all of us. I'm glad to call you a demon."