Part 336a

Satan paused as he stood before the door that led back to the intelligence room. He contemplated the acts of Jason Hiro silently in his mind, replaying the scene over and over again. _That strange confidence he had, the flippant disregard for life. When did such things become part of the Heroic Code?_

Still though, his powers were incredible. If they hadn't been interrupted all those years ago, Satan would have absorbed the powers of Wordsmithing for sure. If he had done that, then... Jason would no longer be a threat. Hell, when he thought about it, Satan had to stifle a mighty laugh from the pit of his belly. Jason would only have his Wordsmithing, while Satan would have all the abilities of foes he had devoured over the millennia, plus the powers of Wordsmithing. It wouldn't even be a battle anymore. All the cosmic powers of the universe would be laid bare for him to control.

Satan smirked to himself as he opened the door to the surveillance room.

The door swung open and Satan froze in place, confusion blasting from every pore on his body.

Marie Becker walked around, tapping on her datapad as she normally would do, and was chatting with a demon casually.

"M-... Marie?" Satan's jaw slackened slightly as he stared in disbelief at the woman walking around. It was as if he were looking at a ghost.

She paused and glanced up, poking her glasses back on her nose. "Mmm. You're back. Took you long enough. Did you casually stroll the three hundred or so miles, or did you run? Either way, you sure as hell didn't make use of those useful teleportation abilities."

"You're... alive? How?" Satan ignored her snide comments for once, completely bamboozled by her appearance, standing there in the flesh.

"What are you saying? I'm dead, imbecile. All thanks to you. I already knew not to trust you very much, but then you just let the bastard kill me. It's hard to even call you a tentative ally at this point. The others are stretched thin as it is, but you had to make things worse."

Satan nodded slowly as he walked forwards, eying her up and down. "Others? I don't follow. It's rare for me to be surprised by anything, let alone at the magnitude that I am now. Are you some sort of clone? I knew you were a shrewd woman, but to have a backup body..." Satan paused, as a sudden realization appeared in his eye. "Ah, I understand now. You're a hero after all, aren't you? This must be your heroic ability."

Marie immediately rolled her eyes and sighed dramatically. "Gods, you're thick sometimes. I'm neither a hero, nor a clone, nor the original. That's three strikes. If you were any dumber, I'd be totally depressed. Let's just say that I am everywhere, and nowhere at once, shall we?"

Satan narrowed his eyes as he glared at her intently. "None of those? What the hell could it be, then? Are you even a human? Perhaps some sort of humanoid robot? I can't wrap my mind around-"

Marie held up her palm and aimed it at his face. "You're giving me a headache. I'll explain if you just stop blabbering, all right? It's simple. I'm from another universe."

Satan blinked as he waited for elaboration, but she didn't continue. "Is that it?"

"Huh? What more do you want from me? Christ." Marie stormed over to a chair and plopped down in it, staring at him with a deeply annoyed expression spread across her face. "All right, listen carefully because I'm only going to say it once."

She continued. "There are an infinite number of universes, or so the theory goes. Each universe is split off from ours by the choices we make. In actuality, there are a finite number of universes, each branching off from a 'main' universe. This universe has several thousand other ones that branch off from it, and I exist in many of them. As time goes on, universes that diverge too greatly from ours become inaccessible, meaning they are impossible to reach. I alone, with my incredible genius, merely figured out how to travel between them."

She smiled smugly, content with her explanation, as Satan was left grasping for further clues. "Doesn't that make you immortal, then, if you can just replace yourself when you die?"

"Of course not. Because my copy died in this universe, several thousand of the other ones also died in similar brutal events. I come from a universe that is almost exactly identical to this one, except in that one, you didn't let me die. You're more of a gentleman there, but just as stupid as you are here."

Satan groaned at her constant barrage of insults, but then merely rapped on his chin as he thought about what she said. "That is certainly a handy method of preserving your life. I will give you immortality in this universe if you tell me how I might use it to preserve my own life, should the worst happen."

Marie stared at him quietly for a few moments before suddenly jumping up from her chair and bursting into laughter. "Hahaha!! You believed me?! What a moron! I knew you were stupid but this is beyond anything I ever imagined!"

Satan glowered at her as he fought down a snarl. "You're... mocking me again? If you aren't a traveler from another universe, then what the hell are you?! Out with it!"

Marie immediately stopped laughing and stared at him with a blank expression. "I'm a clone."

"Ah." Satan felt taken aback by her sudden mood shift. "I cannot tell if you are toying with me again or not."

"Maybe. I might have just instantly replaced my body with a fake and teleported away, too. Hard to say."

"Are you being serious?"

"That is a tough question to answer."

Marie stared at him with a completely blank expression as Satan stared back. "Whatever. I don't care. You're back, you're annoying again, you're still the same pest as you ever were."

"I could say the same thing. At least I got a laugh out of this. I love playing around with the minds of inferior beings, even if that does include all who've ever lived." Marie's smile returned, as her mouth turned up at the corners ever so slightly.

"Does that include those who could kill you with the barest effort if they so desired?"

"Yes, and they above all others provide me with the thrill I seek to keep on living life to the fullest!" Marie paused as a coquettish look passed over her eyes. "Besides, Satan dearest, you are not one of those beings. Never forget that."

"We shall see." Satan turned his back on her as he took a deep breath and released the rage he had been feeling in a single smooth motion. "I'll be back. I'm going to speak with Belial about... things. Keep me updated on any new developments."

"We shall see." Marie echoed his comment back at him as the door slammed shut.

A few moments passed, as Marie turned to the datapad in her hand, one of the Others appearing onscreen. "Is he gone?"

"Yes. A rude interrupter, as always." Marie admired the beautiful face of the familiar looking redhead who stared back at her. _Damn, I'm sexy._ "Our stability, what is it sitting at?"

"We can't suffer even a single loss anymore. Marie 12b was a key figure in holding this stream together. We're on our last life."

Marie grimaced as she looked away from the pad. "Cat's out of the bag, and she wasted eight of her lives. I can't believe 12b didn't see such an obvious attack coming. The Jasons from this stream are much more aggressive than the ones from the outliers. I guess what they say about hindsight is true."

"We'll just have to be even more careful from now on."

"Agreed."

I stroll into the London HQ, arriving to the sight of several people turning and saluting, their eyes staring expectantly at me. I say nothing for a few moments, trying hard to force a sad expression across my face, but finally I relent and a huge smile spreads across my face almost involuntarily. "It was a huge success!"

The room erupts in cheers and whooping laughter as people crowd around in front of me.

"Supreme Commander, did you manage to kill the leader as well?!"

"Commander, how did you find out about the hostages?!"

"Commander Jason! We're so glad to have you back!"

Questions and compliments fly at me from all directions, but I quickly wave them off. "It was no problem, thanks to my clones and the Hypersuits. Success was assured from the very start. Their leader still lives, but we've dealt the first of many blows that will prove to be fatal to the demons!"

The people in the room clap enthusiastically as they start murmuring and chattering to each other about my escapades, and I felt a calm feeling wash over me... the knowledge of a job well done. Marie is dead, millions of demons were eradicated, Satan had finally learned that I meant business... and I am now content in the knowledge that aside from Satan, no demon is a match for me, let alone my army of clones.

Life seems pretty good right about now.

A woman pushes through the throng of onlookers, tilting her head way back to look up at me. She's quite the shorty. "You have a couple visitors in the office, Commander Hiro. Non-urgent, but they have been waiting for about an hour."

"Oh, thanks, Rebecca." She's one of the assistants who was assigned to me. She hands me my security clearance card, something I always leave behind at the office, just in case. I can teleport anywhere in the building anyway, so it's just a formality.

Pushing past the crowd of excited onlookers, I make my way into the office and am greeted by the sight of two familiar people.

"Mr. and Mrs. Gutierrez. A pleasure to see the both of you again." I walk forwards and shake their hands after they both jump up to greet me. "Sorry to keep the both of you waiting."

Amy's face reddens and she looks away from me, but Jorge keeps his cool. His wife is probably just unsure of how to act in front of a Supreme Commander. Having a big fancy title is such a pain sometimes...

"Commander Jason, we've been thinking about your offer and we'd love to talk with you about it." Jorge nods as a big grin fills his face.

"Glad to hear it. Let's all have a seat and discuss it over coffee." I send a telepathic message to Rebecca, who quickly gets up from her seat out in the secretary wing and runs to get us coffee. Unlike others I've spoken to, she doesn't seem particularly disquieted by my use of telepathy. It's a nice change of pace, for once.

I sit down across the desk, marveling at its craftsmanship yet again. This is the same exact desk that I once sat at, directly across from Stonewall, as he told me to piss off and stop helping Earth. Seems that didn't work out so well for him.

"Alright, so what's all this about?" I smile with what I hope is a pleasant expression, as I kick back in my chair and sigh heavily.

Amy speaks up this time. "It's about the trip back to planet Revival. We talked it over a lot recently, and given some... recent events, we've come to make a decision regarding the trip."

"I will go to Revival." Jorge speaks up, but his bravado vanishes in an instant as hesitation takes its place.

"Oh? Just you? I assumed either the both of you would go, or neither. Why you, specifically?" I lean forwards and stare at him, noticing he seems rather disconcerted.

"Well, the logic was that Amy had already seen the planet, while I had not. It's a 7 year trip there, but once the portal is established, the return trip is instant. I didn't want to pull our daughter out of school, and neither did Amy, so..."

I cock an eyebrow. "Neither of you has to go, you know. It wasn't an order. Hell, if you want, you can both stay behind and just wait for the crew to arrive, then we open up the portal and you travel there. It's the same situation, except this way you can stay with your daughter."

Amy shoots a glance at Jorge, and he returns the look before turning back to me. "That wouldn't be fair to the men and women who have to suffer through a seven year trip. We shouldn't get the privilege of being a part of history while not having to make any sacrifices. Besides, I hear your clones will be able to allow the crew to communicate with the home teams instantly? I'm not going to miss a moment of my daughter growing up."

I grin at him. "Right you are! And if you ever need to return home, or any of the crew does, that can be arranged without even slowing down the trip."

His body finally loosened up a bit as some of the tension he had apparently been feeling evaporated.

Sensing a short break in the conversation, Amy spoke up. "Say, Commander Hiro, I know you were gone for over two days... so you probably didn't hear. Father Clarence, the man who preaches for the Church of Retribution... he was murdered today. On the stage while preaching, actually." Her expression hardened slightly as a look of disgust flooded her face. "I... I witnessed it, live."

I nodded slowly, as I stared at her. "I'm sorry you had to see that. It sounds terrible. I'm also sorry for not being emotional or anything, but I don't know anything about the man. I'm not really into the whole 'church' thing."

Amy swallowed carefully. "Right. It's, ah, not really about him so much... it's the person who killed him. The Archangel Raphael... impaled him with a sword. I thought you might want to know, since you seem to be on friendly terms with them."

I jerked my body back into an upright position, my pleasant expression vanishing in an instant. "Say what? Raphael?! Impossible. He's simply not the type to do that."

"I saw it with my own two eyes. It was quite brutal. To be fair, Clarence was preaching heresy like a madman but... I thought the archangel might have gone too far."

"Cheh. No kidding." I felt my gaze drift away as I thought of what crazy scenario would lead to him doing such a thing. He's... not the type... is he? Sheesh, I've spoken with the angels for decades, an entire century if not longer. For him to act that brash... what the hell sort of reason might he have?

"I'll speak with him. Thank you for telling me." I nod at her as I force a smile. She doesn't return the look, as her face is clouded with numbness. I barely tap into her mind and get a vivid picture of the execution as it happened. I could dig deeper with my telepathy if I so chose, but I decide not to.

The three of us sit in silence for a few moments, before Jorge finally coughs awkwardly and stands up, tapping his wife's shoulder as she rises too. "Well, we will be heading out then. Thank you for having us, Supreme Commander."

As he reaches across the desk, I lean forwards at the same time and shake his hand firmly. "Call me Jason. I hate that formal crap, honestly."

Jorge chuckled. "Don't we all? But protocol is important. Let order slip, and you'll have mutiny within a few months! Have a pleasant day, Commander."

Amy blushes again as that same sweet smile appears. "Yes, have a pleasant day... Jason." As she and her husband turn to walk away, I stare at her long flowing blonde hair. From the rear, she almost seems familiar.

It's probably nothing. I glance upwards vacantly at the ceiling, trying to see past it up to the heavens themselves.

_Those fucking gods and archangels. What is the meaning of this? Why now?_

" **Teleport.** "