Part 160

Lucifer raced down the halls, running as fast as he could, the pitch black orb of darkness in his hand. While running, he realized that there was still not a _single_ angel anywhere to be seen.

_It's so strange, why have they all vanished? Did that geezer order them out of the halls? Perhaps there's something happening that requires their attention?_ Thoughts raced inside his head as he charged down the halls.

As he ran, a strange thing happened. He started hearing things, like a voice inside his head. The voice was strange, however. It took the form of male, then female, sometimes a child, sometimes an old person, it changed tempo and volume, pitch and speed, the voice was like a cacophony of people vying to be heard.

Finally, Lucifer erupted out of the cave, dashing down the hill as he shadowstepped into a nearby shadow, rushing through other shadows until he was a good distance away, before finally halting to catch his breath. His head pounded from the mental noise, as he placed the orb on the ground in front of him and he slumped down, crossing his legs in a meditative position as he paused to catch his breath.

A few minutes passed, as his breathing slowed, but something else was... _off_. He couldn't clear his mind. The orb was no longer in contact with his body, but still the voices remained. As he sat, they started becoming more clear and precise, until a female voice materialized in his mind.

"Who... are you?" The voice sounded young, like the voice of a teenage girl, but with a hint of a demonic edge to it. It had a sort of hissing sound, like she was sharply exhaling as she spoke, reminiscent of someone trying to speak after being stabbed.

Lucifer stared at the orb in front of him. _Should I answer? Why not?_ "My name is Lucifer. And yours?"

"My name? It's... Sapphire. Just call me Sapphire." She sounded nice enough, which Lucifer found strange, given that she was a voice inside an incredibly evil looking orb.

"Alright, Sapphire. So... what now? I picked you up from an old man who claimed he was an archangel, but I know nothing about you. Is there anything I need to know?"

The girl seemed to mull his words over. "An old man? I don't know of who you speak. I don't even know where I am."

Lucifer found himself staring quizzically at the orb. _She doesn't know? What the devil kind of strange joke is this?_ "Alright, so let's cut to the chase. I want to know how to use your power. Surely, as an orb of darkness, you can make me stronger somehow?"

"Huh? An orb of darkness? What are you talking about?" The girl sounded genuinely confused. "I'm just a normal girl. I was raised in a small village, I live now with my three brothers, though there have been a strange number of monster attacks in the area. Rumors say that there's a vampire on the loose, but my brothers have the divine protection of the gods, so they will protect me if that monster attacks."

Lucifer's jaw hung open as he listened. _What?! What is this stupid girl going on about?? She's supposed to be inside this insanely powerful orb of darkness, how can she possibly think she's still alive?!_

Lucifer took a deep breath and calmed his thoughts, as he responded to the voice that was speaking to him telepathically. "Okay, let us try again. You are a strange orb of absolute darkness that sucks in all light around it. You are clearly not some normal girl, despite whatever you might think you are. Do you remember anything that happened to you recently?"

The girl didn't reply for a half a minute or so, before hesitantly asking a question. "I'm... not alive anymore? I'm... dead?"

Lucifer frowned. "Dead? I don't... think so... you are speaking right now. I mean, maybe you're dead, I have no clue. You tell me!"

The girl seemed to be holding back tears as she spoke. "I... I can't be dead! My brothers, they would protect me! They always protected me..."

Lucifer frowned. "You are a disembodied voice speaking from inside a pitch black orb. I have no goddamn idea _what_ you are. Stop playing games with me!"

"No! NO! I CAN'T BE DEAD! WHO KILLED ME?! WHY?! WHY DIDN'T SAM AND RANDOLF PROTECT ME?! THEY FAILED ME! NO!!!"

As the distraught girl screamed, a massive pounding smashed around inside Lucifer's head, as he reeled in pain. The orb grew darker and darker as she screamed, until a few seconds later, her voice was cut off. She vanished.

A new voice appeared in Lucifer's mind, as the pounding stopped. This one was a male voice, definitively demonic. "Ahh, what happened? Where am I?"

Lucifer reeled back in horror. He recognized that voice. "President Valac?! One of the 14 generals under Satan?! You... you DIED! 5 years ago!"

Valac quieted down. "Ah. So that's how it is."