Part 122:

Hercules smiled as he stood at the front of the battlefield. Demons no longer tried to attack him, they were simply too fearful of his power. Instead they ran around him, aiming for his troops. Every time Hercules tried to charge out and attack one, it would get yanked out of the way by an invisible force.

He aimed his gaze at the bottom of the mountain ahead. There was a large number of holes in that mountain where demons poured out from, and in front of the biggest one, there stood Satan the Defiler, a being of monstrous strength who had evolved far beyond the level of his fellow demons.

Satan glowered menacingly, as he quietly spoke orders to his oracles, all of whom were sending mental signals to the troops on the battlefield.

This was the third time Hercules and his men had fought the demonic hordes, and it was going as splendidly as ever. Thanks to his shared vision power, his troops could see the entire battlefield around them at once. And anything they might miss was covered by scouts on the hills behind him who also shared their vision with his men below.

Hercules grinned. All too easy. Still zero men lost, and thousands of demons being destroyed. Come to think of it, it was almost _too_ easy. If humanity had always had the ability to fight equally with demons, then why had they and the combined might of the angels and gods not eradicated the scourge yet.

Hercules pondered these thoughts. As a man of strength, one would expect him to be a simple minded brute, but in fact he was a genius of unparalleled wisdom. As a half-human half-god, he empathized with both races. He wanted no humans to perish under the armies of Satan, and also did not want angels to die either.

As he humored these thoughts, he heard a scream from one of his warriors! A scyther, the second weakest of all demons, had somehow scored a hit, the bladed mandibles gashing straight into his soldiers' heart.

Hercules leaped towards his warrior, arriving in the blink of an eye, and tearing the scyther out with a single hand, ripping its head off with the other. He quickly began to cast a healing spell, but it was already too late, the man's body slumped in his arms, dead.

Just as Hercules was trying to fathom what just happened, there was another scream, and another! Two more men were hit by hydras! Their venom was useless against the platemail he had invented, but on the skin, it almost always resulted in instant death. With his troops' shared vision, they should be easily able to raise their shield to deflect the deadly spit, but this time, they did not.

And then he saw it actually happen in real time. One of his men swung an axe down towards a charging dark-walker, but just as it was about to hit, the axe jerked to the side in midair and missed completely. The darkwalker pulled a knife out of its shadow, stabbed his soldier in the eye and the man let loose a scream of pure agony, and then he slumped over, dead.

Hercules gasped when he saw this. What in the name of gods was going on?! Was this a new manipulation spell used by the foul demons?!

He jerked his head back and forth across the battlefield, but saw no traces of magic lines indicating that someone was sending spells at his men.

Then, could it be... sabotage?!

He jerked his head back, looking behind his men. As he did, he spotted the massive form of Gabriel over the horizon. Normally, Gabriel would be charging up his newest spell that incinerated the demons... but he did not this time. He was simply watching.

He watched the humans die.

...................................................................

Satan stared in disbelief. Before, he had not killed even a single one of these new soldiers, now they were falling like wheat to the scythe. What was happening out there?

He jerked back to his top general. "Barbatos, status report."

The demon looked around with his special sensing ability. "Hm. Something appears to be aiding us in our battle, some unknown force. Whatever it is, it keeps interrupting the otherwise impenetrable battle formation of those humans, giving our forces openings to attack."

Barbatos stared intently at the demonic forces that were suddenly rallying under the taste of blood and going into a frenzy, attacking the humans from all angles. "Ho ho ho, what have we here? I may be mistaken, but I think that human commander is about to call a retreat."

Satan stared evenly ahead. Fascinating. Who would be interfering and helping the demons, other than perhaps a different demon? Surely, the humans were not simply tired, they showed plenty of energy left. They were making bald-faced mistakes, something he had not seen them do before. Very unlike those he had called mortal enemies.

And, just as he was thinking of issuing another order, he saw Hercules reach under his shirt and pull out a massive horn, which he blew on. The loud, deep sound carried over the entire battlefield.

The sound of retreat.

Satan grinned evilly. "Well well well, looks like our enemies have a traitor amongst them."

Barbatos quietly let his mouth drop an unguarded hint of a smile. "We may have to make use of this for our own advantage."

Satan laughed quietly to himself. " _May_ have to? We _will_ make use of this."
