Part 182: The Great

Amelia grinned as she danced along the highway. She was humming some tune to herself that had bubbled up from the memories of one of the snacks she ate a little earlier that day.

"Carthage had so many yummy people! I can't wait to go to Babylon and see how much they've grown!" She skipped along, merrily enjoying her day.

A voice inside of her spoke. _You seem to be having a lot more fun than usual, princess. Is there something particularly good about today?_

"Oh Levi, if only you knew! This is the day I finally take my revenge! I'm SOOOO excited!" She giggled as she thought of how great it was going to be to devour the descendants of those who killed mommy and papa. She would have eaten the actual people who did the deed, but she had gotten distracted for a few hundred years and rampaged all over the world.

But now, it was time. Time for snacks!

She could feel her stomach growling again. _I apologize, princess. The hunger will never stop, whether I'm inside of you or not._

She giggled again. "That's okay~ I don't get full anyway, so eating all day long doesn't make my tummy hurt!"

...

She meandered about aimlessly for several hours, until she could spot in the distance the great walls of the city she would soon conquer. However, up ahead of her, there appeared to be a large army making preparations to move out. "Hmm? Who are all those men?"

Leviathan sighed from within her. _My princess, I know you don't pay too much attention to the politics of the people you devour, but based on the banner those men are flying, they appear to be soldiers of the Greek empire._

"Hmm? Greek? But this is Babylon. Are they about to attack the city? Did I accidentally stumble in a battleground? Ooooh! Battles mean lots of dead things to eat!"

Leviathan sighed again. _Always with the one-track mind, I see._

Amelia stared ahead into the distance, concentrating her vision as she somehow zoomed in with a thousand times the focal viewing distance of a normal human's eyes. "Hm? There appears to be a Greek flag hanging over the walls of Babylon. Have they... have they already been attacked?!"

She stomped her foot on the ground. "No no no no!! This is not fair! I wanted to eat the Babylon people while they were still screaming and begging me to stop! Some meanie took my food from me!"

As she walked along glumly towards the city, she moaned in annoyance. "Dang it, now I have to eat some filthy Greeks instead. Life just isn't fair!"

Leviathan concurred. _Yes, life is not fair, but I feel you could find something worse to complain about._

As she walked along, she heard the sound of a horn blaring in the distance, as five horseman rode up to her on the road. "Hm? It appears that I'm getting delivery service today! I'm so lucky!"

The men rode up and stopped a hundred or so feet away from her. The man leading them appeared to be an important person. His figure was somewhat imposing, though not so much to Amelia. She wasn't intimidated by very much.

"Who are you boys? Are you here to pick on a lonely little girl, traveling all by herself?" She pretended to cower in fright. "I hope you're not here to t-take my chastity!"

The man leading them stepped down, drawing his sword as he approached. He was a tall man, an imposing 6'3", dwarfing the size of his men. He had lion colored hair, yellow in nature, and more interestingly, he had one black colored eye, and one blue colored eye.

"Hold. I know of your evil deeds, foul monster." The man glared at her as he stopped some feet away. "Your tales of murder and destruction precede you. I am surprised to see you speaking normally though, as the rumors had said that you were a mute witch who only cackled as she devoured her victims whole."

Amelia frowned. "Hmm? That can't be me!" She tapped her lips thoughtfully. "I'm just a little girl, on my way to visit my papa in Babylon!"

The man grimaced. One of his men yelled at him. "Alexander! Don't turn your back to her! She can move as fast as the wind!"

Leviathan perked up from inside Amelia, as he listened intently. _Oho? Alexander? A tall imposing man of Greek descent who leads an army? This human is actually quite famous!_

Amelia giggled. "Oh dear, a human! How will I ever cope!" She moved, in an instant, as her jaw stretched itself, unhinging in preparation to gobble the man up whole.

Before she could do so, however, the man deftly stepped to the side, dodging her inhumanly fast attack, as he delivered a kick to her chest. "By the power of the gods, I will release you from this world!" Lunging forwards, moving at an unexpected speed, he stabbed Amelia in the heart.

She screamed in pain. "Ahh! It burns! Ahhhh!!!!"

Jerking herself back, she leaped out of his way. "You! You're not a normal human! No human moves that fast!"

Alexander nodded grimly. "And you're no ordinary little girl. It seems we both have secrets, but unlike you, I will announce myself. I am Alexander the 3rd, leader of the Greeks, and a descendant of the original Hero! By my power, I will release you from this world!"

He started moving his hands around, as he chanted a powerful spell. " _Gladium de lumine!_ " His sword glowed white hot, as he charged forwards, swinging it dozens of times at once. Amelia was caught wholly off guard by the power of this singular human, as he cut off her right leg, and her right arm, sending her screaming and crying to the ground.

"Uwaahhh! It hurts! It hurts!!" Tears poured from her eyes, as she felt waves of pain cascading through her body. She fought the urge to vomit desperately. She had never felt pain like this before, as she had not faced even a single threat in the last few hundred years that was on par with her.

Alexander grimaced. " _Good_. It had better hurt, because no amount of pain I inflict on you will ever compare to the atrocities you've committed, foul demon!"

Amelia bit her lip as Leviathan spoke inside of her in an alarmed voice. _Princess! Unleash me, and I will destroy this man in an instant!_

"No..." She whispered, as she fought the pain erupting from her severed limbs. "No... I... I will... make him... **PAY!** "

With her one free hand, she quickly began chanting a powerful spell, releasing it at an impossibly fast speed. New limbs blasted out of her severed ones insanely fast. In the span of three seconds, she had regrown her limbs anew. She rose to her feet as a crazy, insane smile took over.

"Heh... heh heh heh... this has made me... very very mad... hurting a little girl... I'm not the monster here.... YOU ARE!"

She leaped at Alexander, her mouth unhinging as a terrifying demonic roar blasted out of her mouth. The pitch was incredibly high, yet just low enough for humans to perceive, but the very air around them all shook, almost as if the air itself were enraged. Far off, in the city of Babylon, dogs, cats, and other animals started rampaging due to the awful sound that only they could seem to perceive.

Alexander stumbled back, as her hands started stabbing forwards, making small sonic booms each time she jabbed them forwards.

However, Alexander was no slouch. He had personally trained for a year under the Gods of Olympus, learning the art of war, and preparing himself to become a Hero who would liberate his people. A little girl could not and would not be the death of him on this day.

Her unhinged mouth was a terrifying spectacle indeed, but Alexander kept a calm head, taunting her as she attacked. "I thought maybe with all those theatrics, you might be a challenge, but you're still just a spoiled little BRAT!" Taking the flat of his sword, the Gordian Knot, he pounded her across the face, sending her flying to the side, end over end, until she landed in a crumpled mess at the edge of a great ravine.

Alexander's eyes glowed, as he activated his heroic ability. _Prediction_.

His blue eye possessed the ability to see a short time into the future, allowing him to predict the attacks of another in battle, making him an unstoppable force on the battlefield. His left eye allowed him to move things slightly with his mind, a limited form of Telekinesis. Together, they allowed him to predict an opponent's attacks, and manipulate their attacks in subtle ways, causing his opponents to miss him in battle.

With these two abilities activated on his eighteenth birthday, he had become an impossibly strong fighter. Amelia could never hope to defeat him once he turned his ability on.

But Amelia didn't know this.

...

Hours later, Amelia was battered, bruised, and broken. The man of front of her was perfectly calm, as he stared down at the innocent looking, yet absolutely terrifying child in front of him. "Finally, your evil will come to an end." He raised his sword up to cut off her head.

Amelia glanced towards the ravine, only twenty feet away. Her body was badly damaged, but her right leg appeared to be fine. Digging that foot in the ground, she leaped out of the way, avoiding Alexander's attack entirely. As she fell off the edge she found herself thinking one thought. _Hero. A terrifying existence, a true monster._

Unfortunately for Alexander, he would pass away at the tender young age of thirty-three, his death suspected due to poisoning by a jealous successor. To this day, no evidence exists of this truth.
