Part 332a:

I calmly wait for a few moments as the replicator crafts the molecules together to make myself a fresh cup of coffee. Amelia is sitting on the other side of the kitchen in one of the few easy chairs we had set up, staring out blankly into space. Her expression is... pained. That woman's death really hit her hard.

The replicator lets out a soft 'ding' as the coffee appears on the plate, and I walk over to where she's sitting, gently placing myself across from her as I take a long sip of the delicious java.

"You can't keep beating yourself up over this." I stare at her evenly as she continues to look out the window, deliberately avoiding my gaze.

"It's my fault she died, Jason. All I've ever done is kill, and the one time I had the chance to heal someone, I failed. It was within my power, but I was careless." Amelia isn't crying or anything, she spent all of her tears earlier. For a nearly immortal demigoddess of sorts, she could be a fairly emotional being when something hit her hard.

"It was a simple mistake. I've made mistakes too, you know. Bad ones. Magic isn't infallible... I learned that a long time ago."

"I know that, Jason. I'm not sad that I didn't save her, I'm sad that it was well within my power to save her and my carelessness is what killed her. If it was simply a matter of... of her being in an irredeemable state, then I'd have to swallow my pain and accept it. But..." Amelia finally turns to stare at me, her eyes betraying no emotion. "...but I can't forgive myself for this. Even more so, I can't forgive the demons. They attacked that hotel and killed all those people. They're monsters."

I nod along with her words. "Demons are mostly pure evil. I've met a few good ones, but the majority of them hate humans, whether for rational or irrational reasons. To be fair, humans hate the demons too, but still, two wrongs don't make a right." I feel a sudden pain in my chest as I remember Gregory, and Samantha... two demons who I once considered to be my close friend and lover, respectively. How long has it been since I spoke to Samantha? It's been over a hundred years since I arrived back in the past, an infinitely long time in human terms. I can barely even remember the taste of her skin, or the softness of her lips. Her face has been slowly fading from my memory...

Ah, yes, Cassiel. Her too. I loved both of them so much, but it feels like an eternity has passed. Amelia is here now. Do I need them anymore? Do I really need to protect the future they come from? Isn't it already too late to see them again?

I suddenly realize Amelia is staring at me intently. "You were off in your own little world there for a minute. Something on your mind?"

"Sorry, just thinking about the future again. I'm beginning to wonder if I should just do what I can to save the world entirely, kill all the demons, and unite humanity. If all the demons are dead, the future I come from won't exist anymore. It's that simple."

Amelia nods sagely as she turns again to stare out at the stars of the Milky Way all around us. "Time is a fickle thing. I've been reading a lot of books and watching some vintage old movies about time travel. There are a lot of theories about paradoxes and stuff like that. Aren't you worried you'll erase yourself?"

"I think we're well past that threshold." I take another sip of my coffee as I brood quietly. "I'm still not sure how time travel works. Is the Grandfather Paradox relevant? The Butterfly Effect? Multiverse theory? I just don't have enough information. Perhaps... Umi..."

I catch myself as Amelia tilts her head to look at me oddly. "Umi? Who's that?"

"A friend of mine, but we haven't spoken in a long time. She's been oddly secretive and quiet lately, I'm not sure why."

Amelia glares at me suspiciously. "Another woman, then? Do I need to be worried? Judging by her name, she sounds like an ugly sea hag."

"Err, it's not like that at all. She's kind of like a smart person I can ask questions, and she always knows the answer." I feel myself weirded out by the thought of being in love with an artificial intelligence. How would that even work, anyway? Maybe if she made a robot body... no, wait, please stop. These thoughts are making me ill.

Amelia smiles faintly as she glances at my coffee enviously. "It's fine, you could never love another woman more than you love me. I'm the perfect girl, after all."

I raise an eyebrow at her rather cocky statement. "Perfect, huh? You have a pretty high opinion of yourself."

"I'm the most powerful woman in existence, so it's only natural." Amelia's smile widen as she flips back her three-foot long raven black hair, tossing it around with a flourish. "Other women would be lucky to have a tenth of my beauty, let alone my power."

"I beat you in combat though, so I'm more powerful than you." I point at her and wink, which makes her smile falter.

"Oh please, that was a long time ago. You managed to hit me one time, and I've been working on my skills in the holodeck when you're away. You'd be lucky to get past first base the next time we spar." Amelia rolls her eyes as she looks back out at the stars dreamily.

"Doesn't really matter, as a man, I'd be ashamed if I had to hit the woman I love. It wouldn't be a fair fight either way."

"The words of a scaredy-cat. Suit yourself! I'd rather put my abilities to use fighting the demons anyway. I..." Amelia's expression darkened as she seemed to remember the woman once again. "...I want to kill them, Jason. What they did wasn't right. It was mindless slaughter, like what I used to do. It has to stop, or the cycle of violence will never come to an end."

Amelia... she was so serious sometimes. What a dramatic shift her personality was like now compared to just twenty years ago. She kind of reminded me of an alcoholic or a smoker in recovery. Once the addiction has been weaned, a strange hatred for the substance appears, causing the former addict to react violently to the thought of returning to their original sick lifestyle.

Is that what was going on with her? Perhaps she so loathed the thought of killing and devouring humans that her failure to save that woman was eating her alive. The guilt must be... mind-boggling. The only solution I can think of is allowing her a chance to properly heal someone for once. Perhaps that would repair this newly created mental scar.

"I agree, Amelia. The demons need to be stopped... at all costs. It's time to go on the offensive, and win this time. No more pussyfooting around... we need to kill them and capture Satan. With the hydra's head gone, the rest of the body will fall."

Amelia smiled at me again, this time with a more soft and sincere feeling. "I don't want to kill anymore, Jason, but it has to be done. I'm not doing it for you, but for me."

"That's for the best."

The three members of the family felt rather out of place in this megachurch, but the other members of the church were quite welcoming. An older lady strode forwards, a somewhat false smile spread across her face. "Welcome to the Church of Retribution! Have you come to hear Father Clarence's sermon today?"

Jorge glanced at Amy and nodded stiffly. "Uh, yeah." He couldn't imagine any other reason they would be there, given they were new members. It sounded like such a dumb question, but he didn't want to be impolite.

"Splendid! Simply wonderful! This is a special sermon that you're going to hear today, one sure to excite you as newcomers! Come along with me, now! It's starting in just a few minutes!" The grey haired old woman nodded excitedly as she tittered about, quickly walking through the main lobby and through a massive set of double doors into an incredibly huge auditorium. Jorge, Amy, and Sarah all followed along with a bit of hesitation in their steps, but they figured it was best to just go with the flow. It would be rude to leave now.

As the doors opened, Sarah gasped. A crowd the likes of which she had never seen in her entire life milled about, cheering and whooping loudly as they held their bibles high and stared at a stage that stretched out into the crowd, with a circular platform for Clarence to stand on when he arrived.

Having arrived so late, they were forced to stand near the doors, though personally Jorge and Amy didn't mind, given they would be able to leave more easily than if they were being pressed forwards by standing closer to the stage. The crowd seemed excitable, but polite. No real shoving or anger took place, and all the people around them had broad smiles on their faces as they waited anxiously for the Father to arrive.

The old woman, having shown them the auditorium, hurried away quickly before they could ask her anything. Jorge groaned. "Is this really a good idea? It's not too late to leave."

Amy shrugged. "Worst case scenario, we waste an hour of our lives. There are bigger things we could be wasting time on right now, and this indirectly helps Earth."

"Yeah, I know that. I just..." Jorge cut himself off as a hush descended over the crowd.

The lights dimmed as a huge spotlight lit up the red curtains in the distance. A man quickly strode out, his dark skin contrasting with the pure white robes he wore, illuminated even more brightly by the spotlight aimed at him.

"My children, I am here for you!" The crowd erupted in cheers as Father Clarence walked with purpose to the center of the auditorium, raising his hands up to the sky as if to accept god's love personally. "I have once again spoken with the angels, and they have told me of the great impact we are having on Earth! Already, we have a new Supreme Commander instated, one who is friendly to the angels and people of our faith! Rejoice, for he is going to be a new agent of change! The Messiah!"

Some people seemed confused that a Supreme Commander was suddenly an ally, but they quickly overcame their misgivings and cheered wildly. Jorge shot a questioning glance at his wife, but she merely shrugged, as she usually did in situations like these.

"This is no ordinary Supreme Commander! I have been assured by the angels themselves that he is one who saved their very existence, single-handedly! A mighty warrior, born of the cloth, with powers granted by the angels! He alone has the power to win this war on behalf of those on high!" Clarence's voice rose and fell, like a wave crashing onto the beach, his fever infecting those nearest him and spreading outwards from there.

Jorge was beginning to feel disillusioned, but before he could say something negative, he glanced down to see his daughter hopping giddily as she tried to see over the crowd. "Wow, he's so cool! I want to be a holy warrior too!"

Jorge chuckled, but then felt an odd sense of dread. This was how the indoctrination started, by infecting the minds of those who were too young to know right from wrong. He'd have to talk with her when they got home.

"Imagine, my children, the strength it must take to fight on behalf of those on high! It is a lonely battle... one that pays little but the riches one will receive when they pass into the next world. Truly, Jason Hiro is a Supreme Commander unlike his predecessors! We should use him as an example for ourselves, cloaking ourselves in the humble spirit required to follow the commands of those who reign in Heaven!"

Jorge finally groaned and rubbed his eyes, reaching over to touch his wife's arm. "Come on, Amy. Let's go. I've had enough of this."

Amy continued to stare at the man onstage, resisting Jorge's efforts to pull her away. "I know you don't like him much, but I'm going to stay here with Sarah for a bit. We'll be out soon, alright?"

Jorge felt an odd sensation in his chest as his wife continued to stare at the bellowing man on the platform a hundred feet away. Was she really interested in what this lunatic had to say? Perhaps she was just curious. She'd been an atheist as long as they had been together. Best to not pressure her one way or another.

"Fine, I'll be outside waiting. Just make sure you get out before the sermon is over, or you'll have to fight the crowd."

Amy nodded absentmindedly. "Yeah. Uh-huh. Sure." A smile broke out on her face from out of nowhere as the preacher screamed into the microphone once again, the sound making Jorge feel physically ill. Tearing himself away from his wife and daughter, he shook his head slowly as he headed back outside.

_Women. You can marry one and live with her for twenty years, and she'll still surprise you._ Jorge grimaced as he ambled out to their hovercar in the parking lot. Hopefully, this wouldn't take them too much longer. He was in dire need of an aspirin.
