Part 138

I don't know what I'm about to do.

I loathe Adams. I hate him. I want him dead. He killed someone I cared about dearly. I can't say I loved Phoebe, but she was certainly important to me.

Cassiel followed along beside me as we walked towards the castle, one more time.

She kept glancing over at me nervously, and then looking away again. I don't know what to say though, I probably seemed like a psychotic mess, talking to nobody at all.

"Ah... Hero...? I um..." She suddenly spoke out, as we walked. She hesitated, not sure of what to say.

I slowed down and came to a stop as I faced her. "Yes, Cassiel?"

I couldn't help but notice now that I had my eyesight back... Cassiel was more than just a pretty angel, she was actually stunning, to say the least. As I had thought before, her hair was pure white, a little longer than shoulder length, and perfectly straight. She had blue eyes, and she was still wearing those full body white silken robes she was wearing when I first saw her, though my repair job had made them perfectly sewn again.

"That woman... did you love her?"

I hesitated before replying. "...No. But, she was a dear friend. And I know she loved me."

I looked down at the ground. Cassiel swallowed quietly. "Do you feel guilty about her death?"

I nodded quietly as I stared at a flower behind Cassiel. "...Yes. I feel incredibly guilty. She died just because she knew my name. She died because of my actions... my lack of foresight... my lack of preparation, even."

Cassiel nodded silently. "You shouldn't blame yourself. You didn't kill her... it's not your fault."

I looked up into Cassiel's eyes. She's a good girl... but she doesn't understand. "Cassiel, if a man stabs another man, that makes him a murderer. But if a king orders another man to stab that same man, is the king absolved of the crime?"

Cassiel, previously a human, and likely familiar with the concept of law and order, paused for a second. Finally she shook her head. "No... I suppose not."

"Alright. And what if the king sees many signs that his subject will be stabbed to death by another person, but he chooses not to imprison or interrogate the murderer before it happens? Is he still absolved of blame?"

Cassiel lowered her head. "Ah... well, I suppose... he would still be, um... guilty..."

I smiled gently. "Exactly. I'm guilty, then. I indirectly killed Phoebe with my inaction."

My face hardened as I spoke. "But I can't let that happen again. I'm still just a child at heart. I have to take responsibility not just for my actions, but my lack of action as well."

With that, I took her hand in mine and we continued walking towards the castle.

We arrived at the prison section within 15 minutes. Quietly walking together after receiving directions from one of the guards we arrive at the cell that is holding Adams.

Both of his arms are in slings, and he's clearly in pain. I'd heal him up under normal circumstances, but I love seeing him _squirm_. He's sitting down on the cold floor, as he currently has no bed. The cell is totally empty. _Perfect_. Leave him here with his thoughts.

"Adams. I'll make this short and sweet. Did... did you kill Phoebe?"

He continues to stare at the ground numbly. "Yes. I did."

I feel my anger rising. He isn't even trying to apologize. This... son of a bitch...

I grab the bars and shake them fiercely. "You're not even going to look me in the eye?! What the fuck is wrong with you?! Where did I go wrong in choosing you?!"

I screamed as I shook the bars. Adams continued staring ahead at the ground. "I... don't know why it ended up like this. I don't remember when I stopped being a good ruler of the people. I don't remember... it just changed, all of a sudden."

I stopped shaking the bars, as I looked down at the broken man in front of me. This... this doesn't seem right. I knew Adams for more than ten years... he never was the kind of man to do these things.

Adams suddenly looked up into my eyes. "Kill me."

I froze. _What?_ He wants me to- what?! "Why would you say that all of a sudden? Do you have a death wish?!"

Adams shrugged and went back to looking at the floor. "We've known each other for ten years, God King. I was somehow _changed_. I'm not myself. I'm a different man now. And I just don't know why."

I nodded sagely, as I felt some anger disappear. I don't know why, but I agree with him. He's not the same. Maybe Hope corrupted him. It almost sounds like a bad joke to say that, but it seems to be the truth.

I aimed my hand at him. "Very well. I very much want to kill you for what you did to Phoebe... but also, as an old friend, I won't let you just rot in a cell. Between those two things, under my power as the God King, I sentence you to death. And as a small mercy, I will make it a quick one."

Tears formed in Adams eyes as he stared at the ground. "...Thank you. You truly are... a good friend."

"Goodbye, Adams."

With a single word, he was dead. " _Die._ "

But as he died, something horrifying happened.

His body turned into dust. In the same way a clone of mine would.

No... no no no! NO! This... this wasn't the real Adams! This must have been...