Part 167

Zeus glared down at the old man in front of the throne. "Raphael, I find this hard to believe, but I've heard from some very reliable sources that you gave aid to the enemy. You gave them a weapon of considerable power."

Raphael yawned as his eyes glazed over. "Mmm. Indeed I did. What of it?"

Zeus quietly grinded his teeth together. "You... I know you are considered the 'wisest' among us, but that was fairly _stupid_, don't you think?"

A sigh escaped Raphael's mouth as he stared off in the distance. Other angels and gods in the great throne room continued to pretend they weren't listening intently, but anyone could see they were. "My lord, why should you be worried about it? Hercules will, at this rate, eradicate the demons within the next couple of months. You may not be aware of the origins of that orb, but I am. It will make Lucifer go power-hungry and mad with lust for the throne. Once he destroys Satan, he will lead the demons blundering into many battles, making their defeat that much swifter."

Zeus eyed the old man carefully. "You... as the wisest of the archangels, I'm surprised. I'm mostly surprised you expected that weakling of a demon to win in combat against the most battle hardened and highly evolved of their kind. I'm even more surprised that you don't know he was already defeated, even killed, by Satan."

Raphael jerked his head towards the throne. "Hmm? He's dead? But... how? Compared to me, he was weak, but he was highly evolved for a demon. Combining his evolutionary powers with the orb should have made him unstoppable."

Zeus leaned backwards in his chair, resting his body heavily on it. "Nay, he lost decisively. I'm shocked you weren't aware of this... don't you possess the counterpart to the Orb of Death? It should have given you the details of their battle."

Raphael shrugged, as he sat down cross-legged on the floor. "I was too busy to bother watching."

"Too busy? You mean you were too _lazy_." Zeus groaned as he debated what could happen next. "And we have another issue. With Lucifer dead, Satan undoubtedly has the orb in his possession. But ever since Lucifer's death, the _plant_ inside the Demon's fortress has gone quiet. I don't have any ability to see what plans they're cooking up next."

"Haa... I guess this means maybe you gods and angels can finally stop calling me the 'wise one'. I'm not as wise and all-knowing as you seem to think." Raphael sighed again as he stared into the distance. "But even with the Orb of Death, even if Satan took every drop of its concentrated power, he'd never be able to defeat the greatest of the gods and angels combined. He's still no threat, and we can bleed him out over time with the humans."

Zeus nodded thoughtfully. "Yes, that would seem to be true, at the least. You made an error, but it appeared to be a small one. Hercules will still be killing millions of demons at every battle. This one loss will not have long term consequences. However... _don't do it again_." Zeus waved his hand as he dismissed Raphael. Raphael stood up slowly and slightly bowed. "Thank you, King of Gods. I will be going, now."

As Raphael took three steps away from the throne, a messenger cherub flew towards the throne room. "My lord! King of Gods! The demons, they are assaulting Mount Sinai!"

Zeus quickly stood up from his throne. "What?! Assaulting us directly?! Those damned fools! We'll show them the power of Heaven!"

Raphael froze mid-step. _By the gods, this is what Kronos warned Gabriel of._

He quickly turned back to Zeus. "My liege! Let us temporarily free Gabriel from his detention! He will be able to aid us!"

Zeus sneered. "No! We do not need help from a traitor! We will easily crush the demonic hordes!" He turned to the angels in the room. "Quickly now, all angels to battle! Rally our troops! We cannot rely on the humans in this holy land!"

While everyone else let loose a war cry, Raphael felt a deep cold wash over himself. _It is as I feared... this is the worst situation._

He quickly righted himself. _I must tell Gabriel, I care not what the King of Gods does to me._