Part 083 - Catherine

The young girl bowed in front of the altar, her hands clasped together as she prayed to the man above her resting on the cross. Her parents tried to pull her away, as the ceremony had came to a close some time ago, but she resisted. "Just a while longer, please, papa?"

Papa smiled gently. "All right. Just a while longer." He walked away with mum in hand, as they spoke to the pastor on the other side of the room.

"She's a remarkable young girl. Pious, smart, she keeps to her studies well... I see a bright future for her." Father Miles smiled as he spoke of the child. She was one of his best choir singers, and she always prayed diligently, every day.

A nearby nun chimed in. "I should hope that you enroll her in the university someday! She will surely make for an excellent nun or a cleric!"

Her parents nodded thoughtfully. They weren't wealthy enough to afford such a thing. Maybe, in time, they might be, but they had 4 other children to care for. Showing favoritism was out of the question.

"Perhaps. We shall see. Thank you, father." Mum motioned to her daughter. "Come along, Joan. It's time to leave."

...................................................................

Joan's 16th birthday. She couldn't feel happy. God had blessed her, but he had also given her trials. This was... the hardest trial of her life.

She held her sister's hand. "Catherine... I'm here for you."

Catherine rested on the bed, layered under 5 separate covers. The fever wouldn't burn itself out. Her body was covered in boils.

_The black death_.

Joan's mother walked in the room, and quickly pulled her hand away from her sister. "Do not touch her, Joan. I know you love your sister but... if you should catch it too..."

"A punishment from God." Joan said quietly. "This plague, it surely is an act of god. Or perhaps, the devil."

"Yes." Mom said, as she mopped Catherine's head with a cold wet rag. "From one of those two, that is where it comes from. Who can know? Who are we to question the Lord?"

"Not I." Joan quietly whispered under her breath.

...................................................................

Joan's sister died a week later. The ceremony was held in front of the church where father Miles used to preach. He had passed away a year ago. Everyone seemed to be dying these days.

Joan cried as they closed the coffin on her sister. Mom and dad wept fiercely, as they followed the graveyard staffers walking the coffin over to the nearby graveyard. They gently lowered the coffin into the ground and the new priest, Father Gabriel gave his speech.

Every so often, as he spoke, Father Gabriel would look into Joan's eyes, and a gentle smile crossed his lips. Joan could not bring herself to smile back, but the expression on his face stayed with her.

...

The next day, she entered the church, as she had done daily for over ten years, and bowed in front of the altar. The sight of Jesus on the cross warmed her heart and filled her with hope. "My Lord... if there is any feat I must perform, any favor I must do... I would do anything to bring Catherine peace."

From behind her, Father Gabriel appeared and lightly touched her shoulder. "Joan. It is good to see you. How are you holding up?" His voice was soft and kind. He was a wonderful man, one who would be able to lead the House of God after the passing of Father Miles.

"I'm doing as well as can be expected." Joan said, trying her best to smile, though it was cracked and weak.

"Joan..." Father Gabriel walked to her right side and sat on a nearby bench. "Come, have a seat. I have something I wish to discuss with you."

...................................................................

Joan gasped, as Father Gabriel walked behind the Altar of Christ. Inside a hidden compartment that he pulled forwards, there was a sword. A silver sword was there, one that seemed to be plain and otherwise bland.

Gabriel pulled the sword out of the drawer and walked over to Joan, the sword lying across the flat of his hands. "Joan, do you know what this is?"

She shook her head vigorously. "It is clearly a sword, but the significance of it, I do not know."

He nodded slowly. "This is a special sword. It came from _heaven_, many many years ago. And do you know what is truly special about this sword?"

Joan lightly shook her head. "Isn't... coming from heaven special enough?"

Father Gabriel smiled. "No, my child. The truly special thing about this sword is... it was buried here by a patron saint of this church."

He looked into Joan's eyes intently. "And that saint. Her name was Catherine, of Alexandria."

Joan stared at the sword in wonder. "Saint Catherine... why have I never heard of her?"

He shook his head. "Her existence is a secret. Only a few people in the entire world know. She was slain by a demon, and her will stated to hide the sword here for a future Hero of our people, one who could redeem her."

Joan nodded intently, taking the sword in her right hand. "The Sword from Heaven. It must be... a truly divine blade."

Gabriel nodded. "This sword was not just wielded by Catherine. It was wielded by many other heroes. It has existed for a thousand years, and now, you have been chosen to be its next wielder."

Joan stared intently at the sword. "Father. What must I do?"

Gabriel smiled, as he indicated a locked door at the back of the church. "Follow me. There is a very special place I must take you to."