Part 320a - Turning Tides

Satan smirked as he held the metal band in his grasp, noting with disinterest the small metallic circle in the center of it. It resembled a wristwatch, but without a face to tell time.

"You're very good at jokes." He chuckled as he dangled it in midair daintily with two fingers. "What is this? I don't have time for stupidity."

Marie smirked as she licked her lips. "My ticket to immortality. It took me half a year to get the designs up, but with a small amount of field testing and some tweaks, I assure you it works perfectly now."

"It? What is 'it'?" Satan cocked an eyebrow as he pulled it apart with both hands, examining the bland metal trinket with just a hint of interest now. "What is the function of this little plaything?"

"This is the key to my permanent existence. It's a defensive device that will give you the ability to fight on the level of the humans. It creates a local area force field around the user intended to specifically nullify anti-energy attacks. Meaning... if a demon wears this and gets shot by a Dreadnaught's 80mm cannon, they'll survive the hit."

Satan's eyes widened slightly as he examined it more carefully. "Really, now? This small thing? I find that difficult to believe. I'm not very well versed when it comes to the intricacies of human engineering, but this seems too small to perform such a monumental task."

Marie nodded. "It is, actually. This is only capable of nullifying one massive anti-energy attack before its internal battery dies, or a few smaller ones. The only way to improve it would be to create a much bigger, bulkier model. However, those would hinder the combat effectiveness of our forces, but they would have an even more significant downside in that they would be much slower and difficult to mass produce. This is the most effective prototype I've created."

Satan's face contorted into a wicked grin as he suddenly felt a large weight lift off his shoulders. "Ahh, Marie. This is exactly what I wanted. Impressive, I must say. It's unfortunate that I won't be able to turn you into a mindless slave in the end, but I am suitably impressed. You completed this prototype well ahead of schedule and under budget, which is very important."

Satan's smile faded as his expression darkened. "The humans have stopped needing to reverse engineer our portals. They are now capable of harnessing type 2 energy to create their own portals, and they've been able to start targeting sensitive areas for invasion. They're also pushing us back on the surface of their world, and all of this is happening without the aid of the angels. We're lucky that Zeus and Gabriel are content to merely grow their anti-war cult, since that weakens humanity somewhat... but things are looking dark for our future."

His smile came racing back in an instant as he held the trinket up in the air for all to marvel at. "At least now we have the ability to survive for more than ten seconds! With this, we can begin sending our most powerful and valuable assets to the frontline!"

Marie grinned. "Not so fast. I'd be happy to make more for you, as many as you want, but we had a _deal_."

Satan's smile fell away again as he lowered his arms. "Haaah, yes yes. I understand. Immortality. Before I give you this, however, I would advise that you think about it carefully. Immortality, even only the type that grants long life, has many downsides, not least of which is outliving those who are mortal. Are you sure you wish to proceed? Since the contract has been resolved in your favor, you have the right to cancel it now."

Marie didn't even blink. "Do it. I don't care if I outlive the inferiors of my species. Nanobots are too dangerous and too easy to tamper with."

Satan chuckled. "Right you are. Very well, you shall have your wish. Contract!" Speaking the last word, the magical contract appeared in the air before him as he placed his hand on it. The contract glowed for a moment as it then dissolved into the ether, never to be seen again. "It is done."

Marie blinked. "Is that it? I don't feel any different."

"Heh, of course you don't. You never will. You can't age a day from today. However, those nanobots you injected decades ago are still there. I advise you find a way to get rid of them, since they are less useful to you than my immortality, and they will continue to hurt you forever if you can't rid yourself of them."

Marie started to ask how he knew she had injected nanobots, but then she realized how obvious it was. She was well over a hundred years old, but unlike the other fools of the world, she had carefully created her own strain of them, meaning that short of a better scientist hacking the frequencies hers operated at, hers would not fall prey to the false nano-cancer running rampant now. Funny, nobody had yet bothered to ask why it only seemed to regularly affect high ranking political opponents of the Illuminati, or people in the ghetto that dragged down the IQ of the human race. The 'purity' of the Illuminati's creed was one she felt disgusted by.

"Well, if you truly did give me full immortality, I thank you. I will begin mass producing these devices at once. If you'd like, I could make some more effective ones for yourself and your generals, since they're strong enough to wear the heavier models without greatly diminishing their combat effectiveness."

Satan shrugged. "I don't need them. Anti-energy is only effective if it can hit the one it is targeted at. I move far too quickly for it to hit me, so these bands would be a hindrance more than anything." He paused a moment as he glanced down at the device in his hands. "Come to think of it, why not just wear several of these bands? Wouldn't that protect the user several times over?"

"No." Marie spoke bluntly. "It would protect them far less effectively. The bands would interfere with one another, to the point they might even just cancel each other out. In fact, my field tests indicated that it could cause severe neurological feedback to the user if they wore several at once and were hit by an anti-energy attack... assuming the attack didn't kill them first. They would become a vegetable."

Satan nodded. "I see. Very valuable information. Begin making them at once. We're in need of as many as you can create. If you need helpers or assistants, let me know."

Marie chuckled as she eyed the sly devil. _He thinks he's going to continue receiving my help for free._ _Isn't that just cute._

I've made significant progress.

Swinging Excalibur at a highly condensed rock, I slice through it as if it wasn't even there. It's not the blade that's powerful, it's my control of its energy. Excalibur isn't just any weapon, it's a high-powered magical cannon with a blade that can cut through anything, provided you finely channel energy along its edge. In effect, I transform it from a sword into a chainsaw that can slice through any substance, but the amount of energy and the frequency must be finely tuned. Pouring energy into the blade is a poor substitute for carefully manipulating it with my mind.

The process is exhausting but yields incredible results. What is even more amazing though is that Arthur was able to do this from the very start without it causing him any trouble. Truly incredible.

I feel someone approaching my training room aboard the Mothership, instantly noting that it's Amelia. I quickly store the blade away as she opens the door. She would possibly recognize it, having fought with Arthur in the past, though I can't be sure with how poor her memory is.

"What'cha doin'?" Amelia saunters up to me, her usual bored expression covering up any underlying thoughts. I've debated reading her mind, but given the feedback I received from that _thing_ in the past, it seems a bad idea.

"I'm just messing around, trying to test my abilities. I'm kind of bored myself, for once." I feel my eyes lower. "Actually, there's something else. Stonewall, the leader of humanity, is apparently in critical condition and hanging on to life by a thread. Agent X informed me of this."

Amelia shrugs. "I don't know who he is. A friend of yours?"

I almost feel my lip curl up into a sneer, though I catch myself. She doesn't know. It wasn't her fault. "No. He's an enemy. He's a very evil man. Once, I thought he might do good for humanity, perhaps his methods would push the demons out. Now I know he is evil. He killed a dear friend of mine. He has oppressed the people of Earth. His death would only make me happier if I were the one sticking the knife in his heart."

Amelia frowned. "That doesn't sound like something you would usually say." She walks up to me as she loops her arm through mine. "You're a good guy! Don't be bad! Nobody likes a bad person."

I start to respond but I feel awkward suddenly, with her youthful figure pressed up against me like this. "Ah, what are you doing?"

She pulls away almost immediately as her hand rolls down my arm and back to her side. For a moment, I almost think I catch a flash of sadness cross her face. "Err, nothing. Sorry... I forgot you don't like that."

"Well, it's not that I like or don't like it, I just..." I feel myself blushing as I wipe my forehead. Fuck's sake, I'm well over a hundred years old and have had several sexual conquests at this point, why am I blushing like a schoolboy?

I mean, Amelia is very attractive now. She doesn't look like a child anymore, she's been a better person than I have for decades... what the hell is wrong with me? Why do I refuse to allow any intimacy between us? It even seems to be hurting her. Hell, what if somehow my refusal of her causes her to go down the wrong path out of anger that I'm not reciprocating her feelings?

Then again, what if reciprocating her feelings changes something in her and makes her evil? I don't know anything about the past. I don't-

"What are you thinking about?" Amelia stares at me with concern and I realize I had drifted off into my own world for several moments, leaving her hanging.

"Just... stuff. About us. Our, err, relationship."

"Oh?" Her disinterested look belies the curiosity in her question. There's something going on under the surface.

"Look, it's like, we're friends, you know? Just friends. Isn't it fine if we keep it that way?"

"Why?" Her one word response leaves me grasping for straws. I'm not sure how to respond to it.

"That's just the way it is, I suppose?"

She frowns at me. "What a terrible answer. You're really wishy-washy sometimes, you know?"

Man, this conversation came out of thin air. I was not prepared for this at all. "Yeah... I know."

Her frown turns into almost an expression of anger as she glares at me. "You know, there's something about you that's been really pissing me off. Ever since we met, we've hung out, fought together, played together, and done all sorts of great things... but you always keep me at arm's length! Why? Am I not pretty? Do you secretly hate me?!"

Her anger is genuine and it catches me off guard. She hasn't released a single negative emotion in decades. In fact she's been the epitome of tranquility, like a revered Buddhist monk. "I... I don't understand where this anger is coming from, Amelia. I thought it would be okay if we stayed like we were."

"Well it's not! You never once asked me about my feelings. I've been a good girl for years and years! I keep trying to make you happy, but you never consider me at all!"

I take a step backwards as her barrage hits me. Is this true? She was being good just because she liked me? That sounds preposterous, given her past. Am I thinking incorrectly? I tend to overthink things and I'm not good at taking the initiative. Amelia isn't the same girl as the one I knew in the future. This one has surely done bad things, but she hasn't devoured a planet. She's been... a good girl...

"W-what exactly do you want then? I'm... listening now."

Her face turns red as she flips her head away. "I don't know. You're a guy, you're supposed to know what to do. Why not just do what they do in those moving box pictures?"

I cock an eyebrow in confusion, then I remember she's been watching a lot of old movies from the previous century, before art become pastel and holographic in nature. Good god, has she been watching romance movies? What exactly does she think should be, err, happening now?

"Ah. Well, I mean... if that's what you want... we could maybe go on a date... or whatever..."

She jerks her head back to look me in the eye again, a look of embarrassment visible. "A date? Is that like chess or something?"

"It could involve chess, I suppose. Then again, dates are for kids and teenagers. Maybe that's not the best way to proceed..." My eyes drifted up to the ceiling as thoughts swirled around. Damn, now that I think about it, I don't know what to do here. My previous interactions with women were a hundred years ago in my time scale, and there was less of that involved. It just sort of... happened.

I glanced down and realized Amelia was standing right in front of me now, as she reached over and took both of my hands in her own small hands. "We're already good friends though. We don't need to bother with that silly stuff. Let's just forget the mistakes and start from scratch. How about that?"

I swallow hard as I feel the closeness between us. "Yeah, that sounds good."

I wasn't ready for this. But, somehow, I will be okay. _We_ will be okay. This might be exactly what the both of us needed.