Part 166

The demons around the table listened quietly as Satan stood over the War Table, explaining the plan to them.

"We're going to take the fight to the angels. As long as Hercules has his human pawns, we stand no chance of defeating him in battle. But, if we can at least destroy the angelic threat, or reduce their fighting strength significantly, we can turn our losses around."

Satan beckoned to his new queen, as Belial stepped forwards. The others at the table had been shocked at first, but now they had accepted that Satan simply had some special ability that granted him immense powers, and somehow he was able to grant those powers to another. Even the accusations of treason by the deceased Lucifer would not deter their loyalty to the king.

Plus, they could barely pull their eyes away from his queen. Belial had grown fantastically more beautiful, and with her recent evolution, she had become even more humanlike and sensual to the eyes. Plump breasts, long flowing blonde hair, and a tall slender body. However, under her facade of beauty, the evolution had also increased her cunning, and her ability to manipulate. She had evolved into a unique race, known as the High Vampire. Unlike lower vampires, she did not require blood for sustenance, though she did gain more power based on how much blood she took in.

Belial smiled, as she leaned over the table, holding the black orb in her hand. A mental image formed in everyone's heads as Valac appeared. Gasps were heard all around as he looked at each one of them.

Bael in particular, was intrigued. "Valac, as I recall, you died more than four years ago, during the Eighteen Day Siege. What black magic is allowing you to appear to us from beyond the grave?"

Valac somehow shrugged in the minds of his listeners. "To be honest, I have no idea! But hey, if I'm dead, at least I can still be alive somehow inside this orb!"

Bael nodded as did the others at the table. Satan spoke next. "Valac has told me some incredible information that Lucifer relayed to him shortly before he challenged me to a duel. After Belial and I went on a little... trip..." Satan glanced over at Belial for a split second and grinned, as she did too, before he flicked his eyes back. "...We found that the orb somehow possessed the soul of our dear comrade, and given that he despised Lucifer's betrayal of our kind, he has graciously told us everything Lucifer told him."

Valac nodded. "Yes. More importantly, it's about the angels. Lucifer, always the liar, claimed he slayed fifteen angels and battled an archangel. That was not only a bald-faced lie, it was a strange one, given that he told me the truth. As I understand it, he was given the orb which I reside in by an... old man. A strange old man who lived among the angels and gods."

Satan sat down in his chair, and beckoned for Belial to sit in the chair next to him, which she did, as she set the orb on the table. "There's more. Lucifer was able to get inside the mountain, and he discovered a magical gate that seemed to lead to an entirely different world. As I long wondered, the angels don't actually live inside the mountain, and neither do the gods. They simply hid the portal to their real base inside Sinai. What this means is that if we invade their base, we can cripple them from within, without allowing Hercules a chance to retaliate with his human armies." Satan almost shook with glee as he explained the plan, but he kept his voice neutral.

One of the younger generals at the table, spoke hesitantly. "My liege, we all know the angels possess fantastic powers. You alone could certainly destroy many angels without our help, but... even the strongest general among us might not be able to fight equally with just one angel, let alone a god. How could we possibly beat them?"

Satan shook his head. "I don't think you understand, young one. We will not win a major victory. We will likewise lose a great many troops, just as the angels will. Millions of our imps and demons will die. _Millions_. Our forces are 35 million strong, only because of a crushing defeat we suffered to Hercules and his army a few days ago. But, we have an advantage the angels and gods do not."

Bael leaned forwards intently. "Oh? Now this sounds interesting. What might that be?"

Belial giggled. "Reproduction!"

The other demons at the table blushed as Bael leaned back. "Oh. That... was not what I had expected."

A grin spread across Satan's face. "Indeed, reproduction. Thanks to a... source... I have learned that angels cannot reproduce. Gods can, especially those born of the titans, but their reproduction is slow. This is the real reason I have deduced that they use humans. Humans are expendable. Angels are finite. They can continue to throw humans at us all they want, but losing just one angel hurts them greatly."

Satan leaned back in his chair as he slumped down. "This... this battle will decide the future. As long as a core group of demons survives, we can greatly devastate the angels, weaken or cripple the gods, and live to fight another day. By burrowing into the Earth and hiding ourselves for a time, we can expand our fighting numbers quickly. If need be, we can attack the angels again. But eventually, with the angels gone, our only obstacle will be Man."

Bael cackled as he slapped the table. "Gwahahaha! Satan! You have truly outdone yourselves! Of what use would a pure human fighting army be? Without their precious Hero, humans have no ability to fight at all!"

Laughter rippled around the table, but Satan held up his hand and it quickly died off. "No, you underestimate the humans too easily, Bael. Hercules is a once-in-a-generation Hero. We lose to him every time we encounter him on the battlefield. But more importantly, he is a half-blood. He possesses the immortality of the gods, or at least a bit of it. He will easily live for another hundred years, and possibly forever, unless we can kill him off. And even if we do, another may take his place. Humanity... they were no threat at all in the beginning... but I feel that if given time, they may someday be our equals. We have to kill them off before that happens."

Bael stared ahead stonily. "Do you really think humanity could ever pose a threat to us? What can weak little fleshbags do against an army of monsters?"

Satan spoke quietly now, as his eyes darkened. "You won't understand it until you've seen what I've seen, Bael. Humanity is a parasitic lifeform that feeds on other life. If we don't eradicate them, they will eradicate not only us, but the angels too."

Bael nodded, as his gaze lowered.