Part 095 - Truly Final Epilogue

Nobody at the table wanted to speak first. This was truly unprecedented. They all just stared wordlessly at the report placed in front of them, as they flipped through the pages.

A full report of the battle between Amelia/Blaarjiim and Slayer/Hoarhiim.

Finally, Diablo broke the silence. "This is... unprecedented."

Agares nodded. "This level of destruction... he wiped an entire solar system off the map." His crocodile made a rumbling noise and he reached down to pet it. "Quiet precious, shh."

Bael spoke loudly. "It's truly unbelievable! Not only did the Slayer win, he won conclusively, and destroyed the Lord of Darkness, the Lord of Flies, and even the previous First Emperor as well!"

President Ose pointed at something on the page as she twirled her blond hair and adjusted her glasses. "You're forgetting something though. It was not the Slayer who destroyed the star, it was Hoarhiim."

Bael glanced back at the paper and then nodded. "Ah, yes, I see the error. Interesting. So Hoarhiim finally managed to achieve a full merge with his vessel? Amelia and Blaarjiim had done that for ages. What took him so long?"

Mephisto spoke up, his pale ethereal form betraying no hint of emotion. "Beyond that, this 'Wordsmithing' as Umi calls it, it has too many unique applications. It would seem that Beelzebub and his minions were defeated by a single word. It has powers that can be activated practically in an instant."

President Ose nodded, as she reached into her bag and pulled out a new set of papers. "You're absolutely correct, Duke Mephisto. Which is why Umi has created a new guide that we must follow if we are to actually defeat the Slayer."

Bael sneered as he took the guide in his hands. "Really now? Are we that worried about him? A single puny human?"

"That 'single puny human' just put an end to the two terrors that killed and enslaved Satan some millennia ago. It's hard to overestimate his abilities at this point." Diablo chided Bael and he quieted down at the Third Emperor's words.

"Yes, but what is most interesting in the report is that Amelia was able to nullify the Hero's instant death techniques. She made it look effortless." Agares indicated a line on the initial report, before setting it down and picking up the new guide. After skimming a few lines, he smiled devilishly. "Ah, it would seem I have spoken too soon. Umi never fails to amaze me."

Mephisto was also scanning the document. "How she manages to get this information is beyond me. She must be a truly brilliant oracle compared to all of the past ones we've used."

Ose smiled. "Indeed she is. Now if you will, turn to page one. We need to start setting up barriers for the instant death words, like 'kill' and 'die'."

The others at the table nodded in agreement, and the night grew long.