Part 019 - Revenge

I had this silly idea in my mind, and well, it probably won't work, but it can't hurt to try.

Standing about 15 feet away from the door, I raise my palm up and aim it at the door. A word begins to form in my mind.

"Push."

A wave of energy spreads out of my body and surges towards the door, hitting it, causing it to groan a tiny bit, and then it all stops.

"Damn. It didn't work." I grimace. "Maybe I need more power."

Rooting myself firmly in my spot with a solid stance, I speak the word again this time, but with more force.

" **Push.** "

A much stronger wave blasts out of my body, hitting the door, causing it to noticeably rattle. The incessant pounding, wailing, and screaming that I had heard up to now from the other side of the door suddenly stops. The air becomes perfectly still.

"This time, it will work." I say aloud, as Hoarhiim and Blaarjiim look on in interest.

Rooting myself firmly in place, I gather a colossal amount of air in my lungs, and belt the word out again.

"PUUUUUUSH!"

An absolutely stupendous amount of energy blasts out of my body. I was standing far too close to the door. The blast sends me flying backwards, smashing into the 5 pillars behind me, crushing them into dust when they hit the ground thanks to the power of my impact.

As bad as I was, the door was far worse. It blasted outwards, smashing away all the monsters directly in its path and crushing many more as it flew off its hinges and careened across the room. It crushed several Skeleton Commanders (I knew their names thanks to the Crown) and sent the rest of the enemy who weren't instantly killed running away, shrieking in terror.

It's a good thing too. I was beaten up pretty badly. "Holy... fucking shit...." I said, unceremoniously. "Oh god, everything hurts."

Blaarjiim burst out laughing. "GWAHAHAHA! THAT WAS THE FUNNIEST THING I'VE EVER SEEN!" I could just imagine him slapping his knees repeatedly as he rocked back and forth in a rocking chair. "You went flying like a little birdie straight into those pillars! That was easily the best thing you've done yet!"

Hoarhiim was laughing too, though to a lesser extent, more of a quiet giggle. "You sure showed those monsters who's boss. But be glad none of them saw you or you'd be-"

Suddenly Hoarhiim stopped laughing and his face stiffened. "Wait. They aren't all gone yet. One approaches."

I jerked my head up to look at the doorway. In the doorway was a little girl, just a small child.

"Hello there. What's your name?"