Part 156

Satan grinned as he walked back into the great hall. Heads immediately turned as his intimidating presence was even more powerful than before, with a sinister dark aura radiating out of his entire body.

"Master Satan! Your evilness eclipses all! Nyahaha!" Some imps danced around his feet as he strode forwards. Even the greatest generals at his table were awed by his presence.

Satan sat down at the table slowly and regally, as befitting a King of the demons. "I have gained something incredible, with this newest evolution, as I expected I would."

Diablo leaned in intently. "My lord, you seem to have gained brilliant power, as you always do. What is your evolution as of now?"

"I am now considered a Demon Lord, I have reached the highest pinnacle that a demon can achieve. However, when I go beyond what a demon can reach, I will become what is known as a 'devil'." Satan grinned broadly as this news passed around the room.

...

After some time of strategizing and explaining his new powers, Satan had convinced the other generals and lords at the table that the invasion of Mount Sinai, striking at their home base, would be the most effective way to win the war.

"Your power is certainly formidable, but surely Kronos will be a problem to deal with, hmm?" Diablo stared at the mockup of the battle plans. "He is the strongest titan among the gods, and even then, he would appear to be eclipsed by Gabriel. Will you be able to fight them, two on one?"

Satan grimaced. "It is not ideal, but to be honest, I do not plan to win. I plan to stall while the main forces slay as many angels as possible. Remember, we can simply breed more demons if we need to. Humans can as well. Angels appear to lack that ability, or at least they seem to do it very slowly. If we cut their numbers down, we will win the long war."

Diablo grumbled his approval. "Yes, that makes sense. I don't like the idea of not going in to win decisively, but this works for a long term solution."

As they were speaking, a new voice rang out in the corridors. "Lord Satan! I have returned! And I have learned of your deception."

Satan looked up from the table. _Hmm? Who is that?_

At the end of the hallway, there stood a mighty demon, one with incredible power, in a similar vein as Satan himself. Satan narrowed his eyes. The demon looked familiar, but he couldn't be sure... no... no, this had to be...

"Lucifer? Is that you?" Bael spoke up. "By the great demons! You have gained unbelievable power! You hardly look like the same monster I remember!"

Lucifer nodded grimly as he strode up to the table. "Thank you, Lord Bael, however this is not the time for _pleasantries_." Lucifer glared at Satan. "How long were you planning to deceive our people?"

Satan glared at him. _This whelp. He must have followed me. DAMN! I should have known a darkwalker would be the one to betray me._

"A deception, you say? Everything I do, I do for the good of our kind. However, you and I should have a talk before you say something you'll regret." Satan decided that he should try and muffle this before the idiot flapped his lips too loosely.

Lucifer stared down at the highest ranking demon, the one declared leader of his people. _He may be a fraud when it comes to the source of his power, but it does stand to reason that he has led us to many great victories and power for our people. I should hear him out first._

"You speak truth. I will hear what you have to say, and we will decide together what must be done."

Satan's grimace slowly disappeared. _Good, maybe I can get this idiot to shut his trap, before he gets us all killed._