Part 453c - Stripped

The tribunal room stretches out before me, rising into a demonstone ceiling carved with the names of past and present lords, dukes, and emperors, alongside their likenesses. Torches made of gold and silver light up along the walls, illuminating the crowd of demons watching the proceedings, all of them seated in the back rows, listening silently to find out what schisms might emerge on this day in history.

Sitting silently before the Council is the Second Emperor, Belial. Among demons, she is the second strongest of our kind. If she were to face any other demon beside the First Emperor, she would win in a battle (most likely), and that alone is what gives her the power and prestige she has done so little to earn among demonkind.

As for showing up to her tribunal without donning any formal clothing, and still wearing her little whorish outfit... well, that's just what we've all come to expect.

"The Duke of Finances, President Ose, will be the primary judge for your tribunal, Lady Belial." Mephisto, the Duke of Mist gestures with his incorporeal hand toward me, and I nod slowly in return. "However, all four of us will have a say in what the results are of this inquisition."

Belial gazes up at us from her seat below. Ordinarily, the eight positions for the Council would be mostly filled up, but as the little bitch nearly killed the Third Emperor, and he had already gone mad and beat the daylights out of Bael, we're two members short. Belial would be another who might sit up here, and finally the First Emperor, though of course, we knew he wouldn't show up. He never does. All in all, only half the seats have occupants, but that condenses the power for judgment among four voices instead of eight, and none of us are pleased with her.

The look on the Second Emperor's face is solemn. "I understand. Let's get this over with."

Her blatant contempt for the court sickens me. It's bad enough that Belial is the only woman aside from myself among the upper-ranks of the demons, but she never takes an active role in leading her kind, leaving it to the men. She's a floozy who cavorts around, doing whatever she wants, while I have to do all the hard work. Worse still is her attitude and the way she carries herself, both of which are very unbecoming of a woman in power.

I lean over the bench to present her case. "Belial, you are on trial today for the attempted murder of the Third Emperor, Diablo, in the middle of an invasion against the humans, as well as the confirmed senseless murder of Gressil, Keeper of the Dungeons. Given that the oracles have already divined the events and confirmed without a doubt that they are true, the question of whether these events did or did not happen isn't on the table today. Rather, this trial is to determine what your punishment should be."

Belial stares at me silently for a few moments before leaning forward and resting her arm on the table before her. "I understand."

Mephisto hisses under his breath. "Sss, yes, but also we must determine a motive. It is not unusual for demons to quarrel among each other in the lower ranks, even going so far as to kill their brothers and sisters, but the further up the ranks we go, the less acceptable such practices become. The point of the caste system is to breed strength among the lower ranks, which will then allow the strong to advance and earn their place in the middle and upper levels. Once a demon's power is acknowledged, further attempts to harm them are dissuaded."

Barbatos, the eldest of our kind, taps the desk to indicate he has something to say. "Even if it _were_ true that we allowed demons of the upper ranks to compete among each other and kill one another to gain strength, which we do not, Belial's attack on Gressil had little to do with such matters. She attacked Gressil in a fit of rage, possibly to protect the human and angel she has grown fond of."

Hah, Barbatos is correct. Finally, the pathetic antics of the Second Emperor will be put to an end, today. It's bad enough that she's a worthless leader, and having a succubus as the Second Emperor demeans the position, but to allow our Second Emperor to assist the enemy forces outright? We should have taken her to trial _before_ she had a chance to kill our most ruthless prison warden.

Better late than never, I suppose.

"Second Emperor, Belial, do you have anything to say in your defense?" Remembering the rules, I give her a chance to defend herself, as it would look one-sided in front of the lords watching from the back rows if we didn't give her a fair shot. Despite how much I dislike the woman, I won't stoop to her level and demean my position or abuse my authority.

She clears her throat, and her solemn expression turns contemplative. Who knows, perhaps she will say something intelligent for once?

"Humans are not evil, and they are not our enemies."

_Oh. My hopes were too high._

She continues, "I have spent time with humans and demons alike, over my long life. When I was far younger, during the era of human rule, Satan would often send me to infiltrate human societies. I made love to human men, before plunging the knife into their backs, though usually in a figurative sense. Satan effectively used me to secure demonkind's reach at the upper echelons of human society in absolute secrecy. However, in doing so, I began to change my views on them slowly. Most humans were petty and vain, and they fought for short-sighted goals due to their mortality, such as fame, personal fortune, and wooing the opposite sex. Despite this, I began to see that humans and demons were not as different as I thought, though I wouldn't dare say that to the demon I loved most."

Barbatos holds up a hand. "I was alive during those times, yet I do not recall you speaking your mind regarding your views. Did you fear the thought of having your title stripped? Do you mean to tell us that you have been a convert to the cause of the humans since before the Energy Wars?"

Murmuring in the back from the lords present make me glance behind the Second Emperor. These recent comments are only hurting her case, not helping. She might as well just admit she's a filthy human-lover and be done with it. At least then her punishment will be swift and precise.

"I'm not on the side of the humans, Barbatos. All I am saying is that their grievances with us are as justified as ours with them." Belial grits her teeth. "The humans in the Labyrinth are not the same as the ones we fought during and before the Energy Wars. Mortality has seen to that. These humans hate demons for oppressing them, feeding on them, and making them cower in terror every time demons appeared on their worlds to kill them and take soul energy. Surely, Barbatos, given you and Agares are as old as I am, and even more-so in your case, you can remember a time when demons cowered and hid from humans."

Barbatos smirks. He's not buying it. "Of course I remember. That is why humans deserve their lot in life. They scorched our kind and sent us hiding underground, so in return we now make them feel that same fear. If I didn't know any better, I'd assume you were saying we should let them off easy, after what they did to us."

Belial clasps her hands together on the table before her. "That isn't what I mean. I'm saying that since we once felt that fear, we know that it will not lead to anything but ever-escalating anger and hostility. If someone stabs you, then for the rest of your life you can choose to stab others to make them feel the same pain you once felt, or you can choose not to stab anyone else ever again since you don't want others to feel that pain. There are two paths the demons can take, and one of them will give us a short-term victory but an inevitable loss, while the other will bring us lasting peace."

"Peace." Agares, ever the silent one, speaks a single word, before reaching down to gently pet a giant crocodile beside him. "Such a concept does not exist for demons, nor will it ever exist for any of the other sentients. The very fabric of demon society is built on conflict. First between brothers, then between comrades, and finally against our enemies. Conflict breeds strength, while peace stifles it. Even if the demons and humans truly wished to put the war behind us, it would never happen. We require their souls to mutate our power. As long as that is true, we will never not be at war with the fleshbags."

Furrowing her brow, Belial pounds a fist on the demonstone table, making the entire chamber rumble. "There are other ways! You haven't even considered them! Every time a human dies, their soul travels to the river Styx, and allows a demon to evolve! We don't need to kill them to use their power, we-"

Finally, I've had enough. "Belial! When was the last time you examined the Styx?! Did you not realize how thin it had grown before the First Emperor gave us the power to fight back? Have you been so busy cavorting with the humans that you paid no attention to the needs of your people?" Agares reaches over to touch my hand, perhaps to silence me, but I yank it away. "Humans take forever to die! The only way their natural deaths could sustain us is if we were to allow their population to grow out of control, and if that happened they would pose too big a threat! While you flirt with the human men and cast your responsibilities to the side, my job is to maintain order by giving mutations to those deserving, but our soul energy reserves have dwindled to almost nothing! Chaos is brooding in the Labyrinth, and YOU are one of the biggest reasons why!"

Belial scowls at me. "If we were at peace with the humans, then their population size wouldn't be a risk! Perhaps if we were to work with the Hero, we could find a way to-"

"Bollocks." Barbatos interrupts Belial and returns her nasty expression. "Humans are greedy. You said it yourself. Give a human a drop of water from your bucket, and they will kill you for the rest. If we were to try and make peace with them, they would eventually grow cocky, thinking they could take our lands from us. History corroborates this fact. Your ideas for peace have no basis in reality, and you know it. More importantly..."

The eldest demon trails off and looks up at the ceiling, with the images of demons past and present. "...I believe we now know the answer to this court's question. You plan to ally with the humans at any cost. You care little for the demons and only wish to have this one-sided 'peace,' which will allow you to sleep better every night alongside your new human lover. As such, it is clear that you killed Gressil because he threatened to take the angel back to the dungeon where she belongs, and you nearly slew Diablo because you don't care about the rest of us at all. In my eyes, you are a demon no longer. You are a corrupted human-lover, too far gone to be of value to our people."

_It's all coming together now_, my mind whispers happily. "The fact she didn't have the decency to heal Diablo after her attempted murder is proof that-"

The bitch interrupts me again. "I didn't attempt to _murder_ Diablo. If I wanted him dead, I wouldn't have allowed him to crawl away. I certainly won't heal him in any case, because he hurt the man I love. He deserves to feel some pain."

Agares sighs and shakes his head. "And yet you healed the human afterward. You were willing to heal a human, but not a fellow demon. That speaks volumes to your convictions, and how you are no longer an ally of those present. I believe the court has made its decision, but the final judgment will be up to President Ose." The Duke of Reptiles gestures to me and leans back in his seat heavily, stroking his long, graying beard.

Barbatos and Mephisto whisper to each other for a minute, and while I can't make out what they're saying, it's quite apparent they're beyond disappointed in what they've found. Finally, Mephisto turns back to Belial. "I fought the human named Hero once, and I died at his hands. It was only the final sacred feather of the Phoenix that saved my life. To think that you would ally yourself with my killer, a human who has destroyed two planets and raised up an army of extermination, it angers me to no end. You have desecrated the memories of those who died in combat against the forces of the humans. I am certain President Ose will make the correct decision regarding how to handle you."

The eldest demon, Barbatos, doesn't say anything. He merely shrugs.

In the end, as expected, it's come down to me. "I will give you one last chance to speak, though at this point your fate is sealed. Have you any final words, Second Emperor?"

Slowly, she glances at all of our faces, then she gazes back at the crowd, before returning to the Council. "I believe you are making a grave mistake. Escalating this war will not serve to bolster demonkind up. Instead, it will bring us down. If maintaining the river Styx is one of your biggest goals, President Ose, then the only way to maintain it will be to send the lower ranks to die at the hands of the humans, which will cut down on its upkeep. Following this, the humans will find a way past the power of the First Emperor, and they will likely create some unthinkable superweapon, as they did during the Energy Wars. You will get your human souls, but in the end, they will win. I am not siding with the humans to upend the society we demons have built, but to protect it. I just wish you could take time to see things from their perspective."

Barbatos, coughs, having something to say. "You've conclusively admitted your belief that the humans will overcome our stranglehold on the Labyrinth. You are irredeemable."

"It's treason, then," Agares mutters under his breath.

Now that the dust has settled, I can allow a smile to creep onto my face. "My ruling is thus: Second Emperor, Belial. You are hereby stripped of your rank and banished from the Labyrinth. I hope never to see you again."

To my confusion, she smiles back. "I refuse to accept that verdict." The demons behind her gasp audibly, as she smirks and leans back in her seat.

Barbatos glares angrily at her. "What do you mean you won't accept it?! The law of this court is final! You cannot protest!"

As if she's been waiting for this the whole time, Belial fans out her fingers and examines her nails, as if she suddenly hasn't a care in the world. "The thing is, you don't have the power to banish me. I outrank you. Further, my rank is not merely a title. It is proof that I am powerful enough to kill everyone in this chamber with the slightest effort. That's the problem with a caste system based on meritocracy. I'm a better fighter than all of you combined. If you wish to strip me of my title and banish me, you'll have to use force."

Despite myself, my jaw drops. I never expected this, not from _her_. Belial has never asserted herself once in all the time I've known her. It takes a moment for me to form words. "Y-you! You can't just- that's not how this works! Why even show up to this court if you were going to make a mockery of it?!"

A strange look appears in her eyes. She sets her hand on the table and turns away, having examined her nails enough. "I spoke to an orc on the way here. He told me all the things you did, but somehow, the intent was different. I have the power to lead demonkind, but I lack the will. I lack the interest. I gained my power thanks entirely to Satan, and not because of my efforts. I've always just gone along for the ride. I deserve to be punished for that."

She pauses a moment. "But at the same time, while I do not deserve to rule, humans and demons must come to a reconciliation, or the next war we fight may be our last. There is something outside the Labyrinth, a menace that threatens all our lives. The ones who quietly rule over the Labyrinth in secret, the Volgrim, are fighting this danger silently, without telling us. While the demons focus on the humans, thinking only of the Volgrim as an annoyance, the Volgrim are faced with the possibility of their extinction. Once they're gone, we will be next, as will the humans."

Barbatos, his anger having faded, squints at her curiously. "This menace you speak of. What do you mean?"

"I suppose you don't know. I wonder if any here do." Belial shakes her head and sighs. "They're called Kolvaxians. I hadn't even heard of them until I traveled outside the Labyrinth with the human you all despise. They've ravaged Volgrim space, and they dominate the majority of the galaxy. At the rate the war outside the Labyrinth is going, it won't be long before they're at our doorstep."

"Oh. Is that all?" Barbatos groans quietly and leans back in his seat, mirroring Belial. "After we press the humans back into their lairs, we will fortify the Labyrinth for this new menace."

"Exactly." Before Belial can try and worm more words in, I take the initiative. "In any case, even if we can't stop you, killing us will enrage the First Emperor and will turn all the demons against you. You don't have the authority here that you think you do."

"I'm _trying_ to save lives, President Ose. Why don't you tell me how you _really_ feel? It's apparent to everyone here that you have a personal vendetta against me, so I'll just apologize now for whatever I did to get you so riled up."

I'm not going to take her bait. "That doesn't matter. In any case, if you won't leave the Labyrinth with grace and dignity, we will have to summon the First Emperor, and he will pass judgment on you. After hearing the court's testimony, he'll make you wish you had chosen banishment."

Belial's gaze softens. "I wouldn't be so sure." Her words are quiet, just barely audible enough for us to hear. "The First Emperor is..." She pauses and looks away. "...I should speak to him, then. If you lot won't listen to reason, perhaps he will. Maybe I can finally tell him the truth."

"Huh?" I try to examine the mysterious color from her aura, but it's suddenly hard to tell what her emotions are. "You think knowing the First Emperor's identity while we don't gives you an advantage? Treason is still treason, and he couldn't deny that. I would take our sentence while you still can."

"I don't know who he is. He erases my memory every time I talk to him." Belial slowly stands up, exposing her barely covered body to all present. "I have a hunch. If I'm right, I could put an end to this war, and the four of you will be saved, even if you don't deserve it."

"We don't deserve- the nerve!" Mephisto hisses under his breath. "Worthlessss... fine! Go and see the First Emperor, then! Use your succubus charm to save yourself! Cast yourself at his feet and do anything he tells you! I pray he uses you up and tosses you aside like the worthless whore you are."

A look of pain on Belial's face fills me with delight. Mephisto's words sting, and she can't hide it.

"I... I can't be like that anymore, Mephisto. That was the old me. I have someone else, now." The look of despondency on her face makes me quiver with joy, as she slowly turns and walks out of the court. After she leaves, I sigh dramatically. "Have an Oracle follow her and ensure she visits the First Emperor. If she doesn't, we'll have to send an envoy instead."

Silence fills the court. Mephisto swallows carefully. "Um. Who would want to go? Diablo is out of commission..."

"I don't want to see the First Emperor... what if he kills me?" Agares turns white in the face at the thought.

Well, imp-shit. I didn't consider that much. "If you men are too weak, I'll do it. I'm sure after he casts Belial aside, he'll require a new queen at his side."

Barbatos leans forward to look past Agares. "Funny, after everything you said to the Second, I never took you for that kind of a woman."

_Shut up._ I'm a pragmatist.