Part 033 - The Test: Part 1

I winced. This loud voice was becoming unbearable. Especially at such a close range. "Oh Great Bahamut..." I said this as reverently as I could muster. "Before I take this test, might you honor me with a small request? Just a trifle?"

Bahamut looked amused.

**"An army of hell, and a God stands here, yet you would make a request of me!"**

I winced more visibly. "Yes, ah, I would just like to ask if you could possibly, ah, tone down your voice. I am far too weak of a being to withstand your incredible power!"

Good move me. Make the request into a compliment. Bitches love it when you do shit like that.

The next thing I heard, I did not actually hear. It was in my head. Bahamut communicated with me telepathically, in a much deeper way than Blaarjiim and Hoarhiim had done so up to this point. The voice was everywhere inside my head.

" _As you wish. It is true that my power can be too daunting for any but a Duke or higher so I shall grant your request. But only this one._ "

"Ah! Thank you, oh great Bahamut! Your, uh, generosity truly knows no limits!" Hell yeah, slick as fuck. I'm laying it on and she's falling for my charms.

"Idiot." whispered Amelia off in the distance away from me. Maybe I was getting too full of myself.

" _Now begins the test. It will consist of three trials. To be recognized as the chosen one, you must pass all three of them. Once you have done so, you will be allowed to leave. Since I do not anticipate that happening, make sure you say your last prayers first._ " Bahamut smirked at me, as she glided away, the sea of minions parting the way in front of her. That bitch, I'll show her who's boss.

My two companions and I followed Bahamut. We arrived within a minute at a massive, raised platform. It was square, about a football field wide in both directions. I'd never seen such a massive flat platform. Raised up a hundred feet in the air, it offered quite the view. I looked around as we climbed the stairs up the platform. I was wrong. There were far more than a million monsters here. I dare say I grossly underestimated the number. Far in the distance, I spotted a massive town, stretching on for the forseeable distance.

"Incredible." whispered Amelia, as we walked up the steps. I understood where she was coming from. What baffled me however, was the fact that we hadn't seen this platform at all until we were practically on top of it. Did it rise out of the ground when I wasn't paying attention? Maybe there was magical cloaking technology involved.

Arriving at the top, I was stunned. I could still, even this high up, see no end to the monsters. They flowed seemingly forever. They blotted out my view of the river of fire and acid below. Where the hell did all these monsters come from? Was this the factory where nightmares were made?

Arriving at the exact center of the platform, the three of us turned to face Bahamut. Bahamut held up her hand. On it were three rings. " _I have never once had anyone pass all three of these tests. In fact, nobody who has entered my domain has ever passed even the first one. I am sorry in advance if your death comes too swiftly for you to process._ "

Bahamut indicated the three rings on her hand. " _These three rings are Legendary class items. For each test you pass, if that is even possible, you may pick one ring and keep it for yourself. It will be bound to you forever._ "

Amelia gasped audibly. "Three legendary items? Oh wow! Those must be incredibly valuable!"

" _Indeed. Back before I killed the Army of Akkad, I had renown for simply possessing these three rings._ " Bahamut indicated the three rings one by one. " _I will only tell you that each ring once belonged to a mighty Pharaoh from the past. Each one will grant you immeasurable power, but together, you will unlock something inside yourself that you never knew existed._ " I nodded vigorously. This was exciting. I'm probably about to die, but damn if this wasn't worth it, just to see what the power of those rings was.

" _And._ " Bahamut stared directly into my eyes. " _If, by some stroke of luck, you should manage to pass all three challenges, I will voluntarily bow to your will and become your loyal servant, until one of us dies._ "

The crowd around us, the vast unending throng, erupted into cheers and whoops. A great warcry went out, feet began marching in place and stomping in unison. The energy in the place was palpable.

"By the gods, they sound excited." Shit, I could have the power of a living God in my hands, if I could just pass some challenges. It was probably impossible, but this deal was getting better every minute.

" _Of course they're excited._ " Bahamut smiled a gracious, loving smile. " _All of them are people that have challenged me for the right to own these rings. All of them failed, and were cursed into their current forms._ "

Holy. Shit.