Part 465c: Confession

Ben's helmet opens up to reveal a scowl as I teleport to his location. "You're late, but at least you're here. Look at this mess."

"Hey, I can't help it if it takes the messenger a while to find me." I glance around quickly and shudder. Fine lines of blood streak across the walls and ground of the recreation hall. Created from the stabbing and retracting of a small blade, each blood-trail tells a different story, sometimes about people who were stabbed before they knew what hit them, while others tried to wave their arms to parry the invisible assailants, but failed.

Over a dozen bodies are lined up against the wall, cloth draped over them while men and women rush around from here to there, chattering with each other and whispering hurried words of encouragement to a few of their fellow soldiers, now unthinkably demoralized.

With a flourish, Ben rubs sweat from his forehead. "God damn. A whole two days and a mini-crisis breaks out."

"How did the shadow-walkers get inside? Hell, how did they escape?"

Ben bites his lip. "If you can believe it, they knew our access codes. There were no signs of forced entry, nor were any alarms tripped. They must have walked right in through the side door."

I suddenly feel aggravated like never before. "How the fuck do demons have access to our entry codes? Don't we rotate them all the time?"

"Eh." Ben rubs the back of his head, a look of annoyance on his face. "We're supposed to. Laziness is the bane of any military unit. We're supposed to rotate the codes every few days, but the guys got lazy. The last code swap was about two months ago."

"Two months?! I can't believe we just-"

Ben cuts me off. "I know. You think I had something to do with this? It was like that when I got here. I guess since there was never a security breach before, the boys got lazy. We may be surrounded by hordes of demons, but the worst enemy of man is overconfidence."

After a few moments, Ben sighs and the anger drains away. "I don't get it. Even if they knew the codes, demons are notoriously stupid when it comes to technology. I mean, I know old men that can't handle the volume control on a radio, yet still understand technology better than the average demon. How did they know about the blind spots in our heat scanners?"

"The blind spots?" I stare at him incredulously. "Why would we even _have_ blind spots? I created the outpost scanners specifically in case of shadow-walkers. They should cover every inch of this entrance."

A woman excuses herself as she pushes past me, several packs of blood in her hand for the medical stations. Ben watches her walk past before looking back to me. "I shouldn't say 'blind spot,' exactly. The demon intruders were detected, but the scanners didn't trigger. The only way the scanners wouldn't trigger is if they had wireless keycards like our scouts do. All the keycards are accounted for, and no scouts have died recently, so it's impossible the demons got hold of two that way." He pauses for a moment. "Gah! Even if they _did_ kill a couple of scouts and get hold of the cards, there's no way they'd know how to use the damn things! Demons aren't that smart!"

From behind me, a female voice speaks. "I think it's time we stopped with the 'demons aren't that smart' talk."

I turn back and smile as Samantha walks up, followed by Cassiel. My expression deflates once I remember how she's been dodging me lately. "Long time no see. You finally available, or what?"

Samantha nods but continues on her tangent. "There's something else going on. I think the demons are being assisted by someone on the inside."

Ben nods. "The idea had crossed my mind. Still, the military doesn't allow demons to have access to the security information, mostly because they aren't trusted, but also because they would fumble around and mess stuff up. That leaves only humans as the culprit, and if a human did it, we have no leads. Or rather, there are a great many suspects to look through, and we have no idea where to start."

Despite the grimness of the situation, I smile lopsidedly at Cass and Sam. "At least you two were here to save a few lives."

Cassiel blushes. "We hardly did anything useful. Everyone was praising me, but most of the wounded died. I wasn't fast enough to save all of them."

"Don't think like that. A few saved is better than all of them dying." Ben tries to copy my smile but gives up halfway. "I wish I hadn't been sleeping. Centurion could have tracked them down in a flash."

Samantha and Cass both look at me, then back to Ben. "Who?"

He spends a minute explaining his armor and the AI inside of it, as well as its ridiculous properties. Cassiel blinks in surprise. "Oh, now that you mention it, I do sorta remember something about that armor. I think I've seen it before."

While Cass mulls it over, I notice that Samantha's eyes hold a look of recognition. "Hypersuits. Unthinkably strong, lightning fast, and their inventor was..." She glances at me, then back to Ben's armor. "But which one created it? The first, or the current?"

Cassiel leans forward and waves her hand in front of Samantha's face. "What are you on about? Does it have to do with-"

"Yup." Samantha cuts her off, then fidgets for a moment. Finally, despite her squirming, she turns to me. "Jason... I think I- well, I have to tell you what's _really_ going on. There's, um, something you should know..."

The look on her face is grave, all of a sudden. In the past, she's always had a playful smile, but ever since she got back from her visit with the First Emperor, it's been replaced a somber, thoughtful expression.

"What do you mean?"

I keep my words neutral, allowing her to open up about whatever's on her mind. Suddenly, she lurches forward and grabs me by the arm. "Private. I need to talk with you in private. Let's go over there." She flicks her eyes over to an adjacent room filled with tools, medical supplies, and other such things, where nobody is inside.

Nodding, I follow Samantha's lead and walk behind her as she heads toward the room. I quickly glance back over my shoulder at Cass and Ben. "Uh, this should only be a minute."

Cassiel tries to hide a look of trepidation but only partially succeeds. Ben doesn't care one way or another. "Mhm. If you say so."

A few moments later, Samantha closes the door and rests her back against the glass pane on the upper part of it, partially hiding the world outside our little room.

"I don't know where to start," she says, as she crosses her arms in front of her chest. "You restored my memories, but accidentally restored every memory I've ever had hidden."

My eyes narrow. "How many memories would that be?"

"Dozens. Hundreds. Thousands. Too many to count. They mix and mingle in my mind, from one to the next. I already didn't have the greatest memory in the first place, so I'm a little... confused."

I stare at her cautiously for a moment. "When you came back and I restored your memory, you flew into a rage and tore up our room, but just before that, you said 'I'm scum.' What did you mean by that?"

"That isn't an easy question to answer, Jason." Samantha slides her fingers through her hair, keeping her distance from me. "I'll just say it. The- the First Emperor's identity... is Satan."

"Oh." I stare at her dumbly for a second or two. "I didn't expect that, but it makes sense."

Samantha's tongue snakes out of her mouth, and she wets her ruby-red lips with it. "I went to see him but didn't know who he was. Satan has been erasing my memory every time we meet, over and over again, for the last umpteen million years. I got tired of visiting the First Emperor and never knowing who he was, so I stopped dropping by a long time ago, even when he summoned me."

To be honest, I'm so surprised by what she's saying, I can hardly even form words. "We're talking about the same Satan, right? The demon you used to talk about all the time? The one you said was the love of your life? You used to joke all the time about how much better he was than me. _That_ Satan?"

Her body tenses up, and she quickly looks away. "Y-you don't have to put it like that. I couldn't help it, you know. I thought I was all alone and that he died tens of millions of years ago. A woman's heart can have a hole the size of a volcano, you know."

"Hey, it's fine, I get it. I'm just teasing, Sam. Cheer up." I smile and stifle a laugh at her spooked expression. If she thought I was going to fly into a jealous rage or something, she's got another thing coming. "It's not a big deal."

"It is!" Sam jerks her head back to glare at me. "You don't understand! He kept wiping my memory, then every time I went to see him, I'd be so ecstatic and overcome with emotion, only for those memories to be ripped away again! Now I remember every single time he did it, and it hurts, Jason. It hurts." She presses her finger against her heart. "Right here."

I nod quickly, realizing what she's saying. "Alright, I understand. What Satan did was kinda shitty. Well, _really_ shitty. I see why you're mad."

"No, no. That's not- that isn't the problem!" Samantha stomps her foot and makes the whole facility shake, even as the concrete forms hairline fractures in all directions starting from her heel. "The problem is me! I lost control of myself when I saw him! I tried to say no to him, to resist his advances, but it's like my body couldn't control itself! I- Satan and I, we- you know..."

The guilt spread all over Samantha's face isn't making it easy for me to be mad at her. I mean, I'm not angry at all, but it's like she wants me to get pissed and curse her out. That's just not me. "Samantha, you're overthinking this. You're a succubus, and I'm in a relationship with you knowing that. It's just part of your nature to sometimes explode into passion with other men. It's like when Cassiel and Howard-"

"No! Damn it, no! That isn't what happened!" Samantha's teeth gnash together, and she scrunches her hands into fists with enough force for her fingers to creak, and the bones to pop. "I would never cheat, I've always been faithful to one man at a time! To lose myself like that, it's embarrassing! Shameful! Why aren't you screaming at me?! Satan would be furious if your places were swapped!"

I'm not an angel, but even I can sense the dark energy swirling around Samantha as her guilt and rage coalesce together.

For a few moments, I stare at Samantha in silence as she pants angrily, and once her heartrate starts to settle, I take a step toward her. "I'm not Satan. I'm Jason. He and I are different people. Maybe I'm more open-minded, or maybe I'm just spineless and don't care - I don't know, either way." Samantha squeaks in surprise as I step forward and gently hug her. Lord knows she needs it. "The fact you feel so awful about it is proof you didn't mean to cheat anyway. The Samantha I know from a few months ago would have joked about the matter and teased me, called me a jealous little boy, but you're a different person now."

Samantha's breathing slows down, and eventually, she wraps her arms around me too. "Do you really think so?"

"I know so. Maybe it's because of Cassiel, or me, or some other reason... but you're different now compared to when I first met you. That's a good thing, Sam. I'm different too, and it's because I met you."

As Samantha pulls back, and the two of us silently share a gentle kiss, my mind wanders back to the day she came back, and the realization I had that the First Emperor must have hurt her. I was right. He did.

She pulls away and blushes. "I didn't think you'd be like this. You're... you're too understanding."

"Mmm." I nod at her words, but a fragment of doubt festers in my mind. "I can still go kick his ass if you want. The way he manipulated you is pretty awful."

"Oh, you. This is why I didn't want to say anything." Samantha folds her hands together and sways her arms in front of herself, from the left to the right. "That wasn't everything, though."

"Huh? It wasn't? What else did he do?"

Samantha scrunches her face up. "Well, the next part isn't about Satan. It's... it's about Pickle. Only, I don't know if I have all the pieces right or not." Samantha's face softens, but she looks away from me and stares blankly at a pile of papers to my right. "Pickle isn't the only one, though. There might be others. My new memories are hazy and shrouded in fog, so I can't be certain, but I think there are other Jasons."

Somehow, I manage to keep smiling at her, but deep inside my stomach, stretching down to the lowest part of my soul, a familiar pit appears. I can almost hear that voice, and see the face that matches my own, as a creepy smile appears. _You're finally figuring it out, but it's too late. You can't save them, Jason. You can't do anything to stop me._

"Other... other Jasons? What do you mean by that? How many? When? Who?"

Samantha's arms come to a standstill, and she clams up at my probing. "I don't know. I think Pickle was a clone of another Jason, though. The past is very hazy for me. A million years, let alone tens of millions of years, is practically an eternity."

My hands are shaking, so I carefully slide them in my pockets so she won't notice. "Y-yeah. I'm sure you'll remember, eventually, right?" Before she can answer, I ask the question that's been keeping me awake at night ever since I first laid eyes on Pickle.

"Am I a clone?"

This seems to surprise her. "Maybe. I don't know. I'd say 'no,' but I don't have all the answers, Jason."

It'll have to do. "I'm just glad you told me."

Looking past Samantha, I stare through the window on the door and spot Cassiel and Ben, chatting with each other about something, though they both appear disinterested in the subject matter.

I nearly jump in fright as something latches onto my hand while I'm distracted, but when I look down, I see it's Samantha. She's looped her hand inside of mine, and she pulls up close to me.

"We've kept those two waiting long enough. Let's go back out there and show them we've made up, okay?"

"That sounds good."

For the first time since Samantha came back from the Labyrinth, the two of us share genuine smiles, and I give her another quick kiss before opening the door and stepping back out into the outpost. Cassiel's eyes instantly flick over and spot Samantha's hand and mine intertwined.

"Nice."

Samantha and I both nod back at Cass, and we respond in unison. "Yeah, nice."

I'm glad to see her smiling again.
