Part 208a:

It's remarkably easy to obtain information. There isn't a security system that exists which can track onto me, detect me, or otherwise even know of my existence.

I can walk into laser tripwires and they won't go off, I can make myself completely silent by using 'muffle' to prevent my body from accidentally making noise, I'm totally invisible to the human eye, and even more importantly, I've discovered a new way to use wordsmithing.

Previously, I used to use 'Teleport'. Not anymore, now I cast 'Teleportation' on myself, and that 'ation' suffix made it an active effect I can use on myself, though it costs me a lot of energy to travel around with it rapidly.

The big benefit though is combining it with my spatial vision to travel to specific points anywhere in a building, silently and invisibly.

I'm basically the world's greatest spy.

Over the last nine months, I've learned a lot. I've infiltrated every office and business and secret club meeting of wanna be world-rulers that it's almost boring now.

I have yet to find the Illuminati and the Bilderberg group, but I'm sure I'll stumble on them soon.

I've formed a pretty good idea of the knowledge of the world, or at least, the USA. Nobody knows of the Volgrim yet. Even at Area 51, which turned out to be a biological weapon engineering farm, nobody there knew anything about space aliens.

I've decided this is bad. If we're unprepared, we'll be wiped out in a moment.

As such, I've built a crazy big base inside the mountains of Nevada, though there's no way to get inside without teleportation. I cannot, however, build anything complex since I lack the Crown of Solomon.

Actually, I was already able to find it via 'locate'. The problem is, it's in another dimension, likely Heaven or some other place, meaning I can't get to it until I figure out how to access their dimension.

As such, I can't start building a fleet of war-robots with my mind or anything else like that. In that case, I've simply made a massive underground base over the last few months that can sustain 25,000 people in the event of a major catastrophe... such as the planet's atmosphere being shredded off or something insane like that. I don't have any details on how they eradicated all life on Earth, but it sounded violent, to say the least.

Despite the fact that I can't create anything complex with my mind, I can clone objects of any level of complexity quite easily. A single word repeated many times allowed me to clone 1,000 high end computers into existence. I'm half tempted to find the world's most powerful supercomputer and clone it here for my own amusement. Minesweeper on a 50' by 50' screen! Wow!

Jokes aside, it would have real practical value. I'm beginning to debate how I might do it.

As I sit in a Dunkin' Donuts, munching on a delicious sprinkled pastry, I notice that there is a van outside the restaurant that has parked there for a while. It has tinted windows, but I can see inside it as if the van was made of transparent glass.

I don't have to look at them at all, so I munch silently as I pretend to read a newspaper. My spatial vision is actually quite powerful, since I can see literally everything at once for a few miles around me. It all is a blur until I focus on one specific thing at a time, but once I do, I see those things with far more clarity than I would if I were looking at them with my own two eyes from a foot away.

I don't know why government agencies always have vans, but unlike the guys that picked me up last time, these guys are pros. They have some serious hardware inside there, I'm seeing at least 8 people, plus the driver, all crammed in. The side and rear have no windows, but I can easily see lots of surveillance equipment, computers... all that good stuff.

More hilariously though, not only does my spatial vision let me read lips if I so choose, I also have Telepathy and wiretapping, to name a few.

They can hear me whisper from a mile away. I know who their first girlfriend was in the third grade from five miles away. I have the strategic advantage. Actually, it's better than that. They don't know what I know, but I know what they know.

It's almost unfair, really.

I polish off my doughnut and finish my chocolate milk as I step up, depositing my trash in the appropriate receptacle. Walking outside, I pretend to look at my phone as I walk along the street away from the van.

Naturally, they follow me with their eyes, and their thoughts show exactly what I had suspected for the last couple months. They aren't following me, Jason... they're following me based on my Energy Type. Apparently the government has classified 'Heroes' as Type 3 Energy, and knowledge of our existence is of the highest level of classification.

They have specialized scanners that can track me, but I know for a fact that they aren't aware of my underground base. I set a beacon there so I can 'recall' to it at a moments notice, for minimal energy cost.

I really am shrewd nowadays. When did I become like this? I don't remember being like this in the labyrinth, not even with all the powers I had at my peak along with the crown.

Perhaps, as a result of getting greatly weakened, I've stopped being so cocky. I'm not all-powerful anymore, and even when I was, I was resoundingly defeated by a single clone. Yeah... I'm not a god, I'm just a kid toying with fire. That's a good mentality to keep. Better to be careful and alive than cocky and dead.

As I walk down the street, the van waits until I round a corner before it starts accelerating to follow me. Come on guys, this is amateur stuff. After I round the corner, I teleport onto the roof of a building behind them.

Within a few second they drive around the corner, and I can see a man pound the console. _Damn! Where the hell did he go?! He was only out of range for a single moment!_ I can read his lips, and his mind, very easily.

This is like a cat toying with mice. I've had just about enough of them following me around though. Time to give them a scare.

I quickly morph myself into a monster looking thing, making myself invisible as I sneak up behind their van, now parked in that dark alley.

This is going to be good.
