Part 001

"Just one last signature to confirm, Jason." Rebecca, one of the scientists in the room, smiles at me and tugs on her long, curly black hair.

She hands me a clipboard with a legal form clamped onto it. I barely glance at the paper before writing my name down. My body feels a little numb; it's hard to believe I'm finally committing.

"You'll be awake in less than the snap of a finger!" She smiles cheerfully, then steps back and presses a button on the side of my cryopod. A hatch closes in front of me, and a large glass window slides down, barring me from the outside world. It's my last chance to quit, back out, and leave... but I won't. I'm not going anywhere.

I stare out the transparent plexiglass around me as the pod closes. Nine other pods are here; their lids clamp down simultaneously. Each of their occupants' faces has a range of emotions, from nervousness, to fear, to even a bit of curiosity. The general atmosphere is intense, as this is only the third clinical trial the doctors have performed.

I feel different, compared to the others. A calmness overtakes me, making me feel as if I'm about to land softly in a field of butterflies. My eyes lazily take in the scene around me. When I next wake up, it will be a hundred thousand years in the future. Humanity won't look anything like they do now. They'll probably all be transformed into sci-fi robots, or they'll live in a massive virtual reality simulation, spinning around the sun in a Dyson sphere.

Gas hisses into the small enclosed space around me. First I'll be put to sleep, then I'll be frozen, and later the auto-warmup routine will run, waking me up. This machine is supposed to have enough power attached to its battery that it won't run out before the designated time, and it will still wake me up if the battery runs low early.

If it fails... I don't even care. Maybe I'll die, frozen like an icicle. My eyes suddenly felt a need to shut. I'm so sleepy... it's time to have no regrets...

...

An instant passes.

OH SHIT! I'M AWAKE, my thoughts scream in my mind, like a drunken man in a bar. I jerk up, bashing my face on the plexiglass. Didn't the gas knock me out? I was so calm a second ago, but now I'm a bucket of nerves. My hands are shaking, what the fuck just happened? The glass is fogged up already. My body is stiff; did I even go to sleep? Goddamn, Rebecca wasn't joking. That was insanely fast. I don't remember dreaming. Or maybe I'm still asleep?

I pinch my thigh, noticing my grip is almost nonexistent. I'm weaker than a wet piece of paper,

but my sense of touch is present, even though most of my body is numb. Small victories, Jason.

Small victories.

Another hissing sound. Is that more sleeping gas? No wait, the hatch is opening. I can't see anything, the glass is still fogged up, and there's no room for my hands to move so I can wipe the fog away. Might as well just wait.

The hatch starts moving slowly. Very slowly. It must be crawling at a fraction of an inch per minute. Why is it so sluggish? By the time it's moved several inches, I'm about ready to kill myself out of boredom. The room is pitch black, aside from the blue light of my pod. I can only see past the cracks of the hatch as it lifts up, but there's no mistake, the room is shrouded in dense darkness.

A shiver goes down my spine as the glass slowly inches away from my face. I can't see more than a foot forward, not even to the floor. The light is very dim, and it seems to be getting fainter. Is the battery failing? Not good. It better have enough juice to at least release me.

Luckily it does. After the door stops moving raises fully, the light brightens dramatically. It must have dimmed since the light and door share the same power source.

The problem is what I see next. My skin crawls at the sight. There are no other pods here. The shiny metallic floor that I remember, the towering roof, all of it is gone. I'm not in the same location anymore. Hell, maybe I am and a hundred thousand years has done a number on the place.

No, that can't be the case, my mind warns me. I cautiously stagger forward, using the door frame to prop my body up. I reach my first bare foot out, and as it touches the floor, I feel a curious sensation. My foot is still very numb, but there's no mistaking it, the ground is warm. And it's smooth. The land is earthen, but it isn't a layer of dirt covering the floor of the Cryotek facility.

I take in the room around me. Everything including the walls, floor, ceiling, and four mysterious pillars in the middle of the room are made of dirt, and just as smooth as the floor. The walls are much closer than I remember. The entrance to the room is on the opposite side from what I remember as well. Perhaps my pod was moved. What are the pillars? They don't seem to reach the ceiling; they stand only ten feet tall or so.

Wait, are those markings? I stumble toward the pillars and fall on the floor. My knees groan in pain, but I crawl closer to the four columns since I can't stand properly without support, and the floor is so smooth that I can drag myself across it effortlessly anyway.

There are markings, repeated, endlessly, all over each pillar. They appear to be Japanese.

Perhaps Chinese, but I'm no linguist, and moonspeak all looks the same to me.

死が来ます

死が来ます

死が来ます

The markings cover every possible edge and nook and cranny, but I have no idea what they

mean. They give me the creeps, so I decide not to dwell on their significance.

The door, right, I need to get out of this room. The cryo-preserved storage cases the scientists left me with aren't here, and I'm weak with hunger. God, what if I'm not even in the future? What if I've woken up ten days later and this is all some elaborate prank? The researchers could have set up all kinds of crazy experiments, and I wouldn't know. I should have read the small print!

The thought this is all a prank is comforting but unlikely, given what I know about CryoTek. I don't think this is a prank... an accident must have happened.

I finally reach the door. It's massive, standing nearly the full height of the wall. It appears to be a double door, with the center being what I must push on to open it. Curiously though, even though I'm now many feet from the pod and the light is dim, I again see more repeating characters covering the entirety of the door. These look different though.

決して離れません

決して離れません

決して離れません

What do they mean? No matter. I'll find the answers later.

I push with all my might, and hear a hissing sound as the door slowly opens. It's almost like when Indiana Jones opens the sarcophagus, and the oxygen is sucked in. Suddenly, I feel strength returning to my body, and realize I had been taking shallow breaths until just now. The room was nearly devoid of fresh air, so I'm lucky I didn't pass out and die.

With a new surge of energy, I heave the door open.