Part 268a: Familiar Face

Satan kept his expression even as he walked down the hallways, leading the five Founders of the Volgrim, along with their hundred elite Royal Guards down the twisting and meandering pathways of his labyrinth. Over the last decade, he had furiously expanded it, adding many more lodgings and accommodations to keep the Volgrim available for combat at a moment's notice.

There was no point trying to lead them off course or down any back paths, as the Founders appeared to have photographic memories. Of course, Satan had plans to combat this in the near future, but for now, there wasn't much point using deceit. The more he thought about it, the more he realized just how weak and pathetic the Volgrim were. He could easily crush all five of them with a single thought. At least the Angels and Gods were a legitimate threat, but the Volgrim were as weak as the humans, weaker even, because the humans were extremely inventive when it came to the art of war.

No, Satan had bigger plans for these mind-reading sociopaths. Just one little spell made it possible to split his conscious and unconscious minds apart, allowing them to read faked pleasant thoughts of how he enjoyed their company and their partnership, while secretly he plotted against them every step of the way.

It would all be too easy.

Finally, their group arrived in the main room of the Central Rift Repository, where his labyrinth connected to many other dimension and locations, especially so when it came to places on Earth. The gates would be somewhat moveable, able to shift around within a twenty-mile radius of their initial placement location on the planet, but moving any further would require tremendous spiritual energy. As long as it kept the humans guessing, the rifts were doing their jobs.

First Founder, Unarin, was the first to speak when they arrived. "So, then, Satan... we've followed along. What is this surprise you wished to show us? I'm not one who is fond of being left in the dark."

Satan grinned as he beckoned towards an inactive rift beacon, its flat platform as dull and lifeless as all the other ones. The platforms could be activated and deactivated with no cost once constructed, but their initial construction always exacted a heavy toll, either in blood, or in spiritual energy. "We finally did it. We located the dimension the Angels reside in. And now, this portal is ready to open so that we can rain fire upon our oppressors."

Unarin nodded. "I see. This is excellent news. When shall we start readying our elite forces?"

Satan shook his head. "Not yet. Not right now. Listen, your people are being absolutely slaughtered wholesale by the humans. If you can't take on humans, you will stand no chance against angels and gods. You need a major wartime upgrade before you can call yourselves ready for this battle."

Dosena cocked an eyebrow as she stifled a glare towards the red-skinned devil before her. "Is that so? Are you calling us... weak?"

Satan returned the expression as he pivoted to face her. "Are you calling your forces strong? Singular human warriors outfitted in those battle suits are demolishing your people by the thousands. I would hardly call the humans strong, but they are exterminating your species at an alarming rate."

Dosena didn't even hesitate, as an unnatural sounding laugh involuntarily blasted from her throat. "HA! That is a most amusing train of thought, Devil. As of the last 30 orbital periods on our planet since entering this fairly insignificant war, we have lost less than one percent of one percent of our battle forces, let alone our entire population. We have trillions and trillions of Volgrim willing to fight and die for the glory of our people. If anything, we have been merely testing the will of the Humans, to gauge how we should defeat them."

Satan snickered at her response. "Kukuku... strong words for one humiliated twice by those apes. Your people will be annihilated once the humans arrive at your planet. They know where it is, you know, and they will be launching their assault very soon."

Dosena's smile faded and she simply nodded nonchalantly. "Let them come. They won't like what we've been hiding. The dregs we've sent to battle them on Earth, to attempt to destabilize their planet, those were nothing. When they find out our true power, they will rue the day they chose us as their enemy."

Satan decided not to respond, but secretly he laughed at her in his mind. _Stupid fool. You won't get the chance. I'll be the one to finish your race off. The humans will just be a warmup._

Cinculu, the fifth founder, decided to add in his two cents. "Satan, you mentioned that we would need better technology to combat the humans. What were you referring to?"

Satan's grin returned as he looked over at the fifth. "Well, as it just so happens, not all humans like the current regime. Some are much more friendly to our cause, due to certain... _happenings_."

Satan flicked an eye over towards one of the demon attendants on the other side of the room. "You! Bring her here!"

The demon jerked stiffly as he felt Satan's aura directed at him, nodded brusquely, and then ran off into another room, returning moments later with a young-looking female human. She had a red-colored short-cropped hairstyle, along with a neatly ironed and carefully pressed white labcoat, followed by a wide-brim set of glasses, though based on her likely age, it's likely the glasses were more of a fashion choice than to actually help her see.

"Satan. Nice to see you again." The young woman spoke with a surprisingly dry voice, her inflection sounding like sandpaper on cardboard. Her voice was very raspy, like she was a chain smoker for fifty straight years.

"Marie, so glad you could come to meet the Volgrim emissaries." Satan smoothly walked over to the young woman and placed his hand on her back as he beckoned with the flat of his hand towards the five Volgrim Founders. "In order of their rank, from first to fifth, we have Unarin, the first, Dosena, the second, Trayza, the third, Cuanali, the fourth, and Cinculu, the fifth."

Marie's eyes glazed over at the barrage of names, but she nodded slowly. "Right. I'm Marie Becker, a scientist on Earth. I dabble in... many fields."

Unarin shifted his body slightly towards the tall, wispy young human. He had never actually spoken to one before, only that one Elder, Nufaris, had done such a thing, along with a few Volgrim who had been interrogated but managed to self-destruct before they could reveal information to the enemy. He found the young female to be... small. Very unintimidating. These were the enemies they were having such trouble crushing?

"Human Marie, it is good speak to you." He spoke as best as he could using the broken bits of human dialect he had memorized. Shifting from Volgarian to human speech was difficult. He had ever heard rumors that humans spoke more than 500 distinct languages, while the Volgrim only spoke one unified language. What a mess.

"Your grammar could use some improvement, but I've heard worse." Marie blandly offered a critique regarding his English skills with no hesitation whatsoever towards his position among Volgarians or any fear towards what power he might possess. Truly a courageous human.

While he could not speak the human languages very well, all of the Volgrim had downloaded the basic essentials of human language into their minds some years before, thanks to Satan's hard work compiling a list of their languages along with the most commonly used words in each unique dialect. Even if they didn't speak the human languages very well, the Volgrim could understand what the humans were saying easily.

"Is good that you understand the words I am speak. What to offer us do you have?" Unarin kept his tone neutral, yet pleasant. Allies and moles were always useful among an enemy one wished to conquer. Only a fool would turn down their help, though if they had betrayed their former comrades once, they were quite likely to betray their new ones as well, if the going got tough.

Marie raised both eyebrows inquisitively. "Not 'offer', I wish to 'trade'. I don't give my talent out for free. You should count yourselves lucky I would consider you over my own people."

"I see. It is trade that you want, then what do you offer and what is the request you make?" Unarin silently cursed himself that he wasn't able to speak fluently in all the human languages yet. It was unbecoming for a great leader to sound like an oaf. The only good news was that humans were less intelligent, being unable to speak a word of Volgarian whatsoever. He still possessed greater knowledge than they did.

"Well, this might sound stupid, but... I wish to rule the Earth, along with all the humans. To have infinite money, all that other silly stuff. If you can give me that, then I'll give you what you want."

Satan raised an eyebrow at her words. "Really? To rule the world? I never took you for the type, Marie."

She glared at him. "Of course I don't want to rule the world, _imbecile_. It was a joke. Idiot demons, with pea brains that can't understand sarcasm." As she huffed at him, Satan felt his annoyance bubble upwards slightly. _This human is mocking me..._

He felt his ten limbs start to rise on their own as she continued to speak down to him. "Obviously, the only thing I want is more rare metals and chemicals, so that I can create ever more bizarre and diverse-... hmm? You seem quite angry, Satan. Did something I say get under your skin?"

Satan suddenly noted with alarm that Marie was not looking at _him_, her eyes appeared to look behind him, towards... his invisible arms? But that couldn't be possible. They were invisible, entirely. Only one had ever been able to actually see them as visible...

She grinned as she saw the look of confusion on his face. "Now now, Satan dearest, you're not thinking of doing something stupid, like strangling the life out of me, are you? No matter how strong you think you are, it would be most unwise."

"How... how are you able to perceive the ten hands of my seventh evolution?" Satan grimaced as he realized she was following their movements easily.

"Idiot. I've been aware of all four types of energy for years. You don't think these glasses are just for show, do you? I can mentally switch to one, two, or any number of energy types all at once. Of course, that's not the only trick I've got up my sleeve. But perhaps you forgot we were _allies_?" Marie sneered at his dumbfounded expression as she turned back to the Volgrim, ignoring Satan's presence completely.

"The buffoon over here fancies himself the most powerful being alive, but he's merely _a_ powerful being. There are different types of power. It's not what you use, it's how you use it. Have I piqued your curiosity yet?"

Unarin narrowed his eyes towards the small human standing before him. _This one is quite dangerous. Size doesn't matter when one is fighting with their mind._

"Yes, you give me much interest. Speak more on this is what we should."

Marie's smile slowly faded as she pulled out a small handheld object from within one of the pockets of her labcoat. "If you wish to defeat the angels and the gods, you won't be able to do it without an energy nullifier, which I just so happen to have."

Satan felt his blood cool noticeably as he looked at the object in her hand. Whatever that device was, it was not just for killing angels and gods. It was something to be feared.
