Part 405b - Tarus II

"I can't believe she killed him. I mean, I can, there just wasn't any hesitation. It may have even been unintentional." The words flow freely as I pace back and forth, and Marie watches silently as she leans against a wall. "I'm the Supreme Commander! Can't I get her out of jail?"

My question makes Marie smile. "Jail? We've abolished those. There are only prisons and work camps these days. Since she's a woman, she'll automatically be put into the prison system since we don't allow women to work in the mines. Of course, if she hadn't commited a murder, then house arrest or community service would be possible, but that doesn't apply here."

I pause my pacing to look at Marie in surprise. "Seriously? That doesn't seem a little... gender biased to you?"

"It's not for the reason you think. Down in the mines, too much can happen where the lighting is dim. We had many incidents in the past that were unspeakably awful. I personally believe the women should have just learned to fight back, but it wasn't my decision. The executive administration, lead by Danis, was the one to change those laws. He valued the lives of women, and thus he fought for their rights. He was a good man, you know."

"A good man? Are you positive?"

She nods and stares at me in disbelief. "Yes, and he was killed by your plaything. Danis never once broke the law, he always fought for the rights of demons and the oppressed. When I needed him to quell an insurrection on a planet not long ago, he made sure to use the law to do so. Ironic... he was killed by a person whose rights he helped secure."

I lick my lips slowly. "Yeah... about that. You don't know Danis very well." I start to say something else, but pause as an officer from the crime scene investigation walks up and hands Marie a datapad. "Signature, please. We're done here. Everything was recorded."

Marie looks at me meaningfully, then back to the man. "So there's full evidence of guilt?"

"Obviously we haven't established intent yet, but the entire scene has been processed. It's a level one offense. No provocation. Just sign off here, and we'll send this to the courts."

Marie coughs into her fist and sighs. "That's that, then." With a flurry of movement, she signs the pad, then stamps her thumb onto the finger scanner. The man leaves shortly after and she pulls away from the wall. "There won't be a trial for her. The judge for this district was a good friend of Danis, and the evidence is overwhelming. She's going straight to prison. Fifty thousand years."

My jaw drops slightly. "That's outrageous! Why so long?!"

"It's not long at all, somewhat lenient even. Given _who_ Lora killed, as well as the fact that all humans are immortal. Look, you told me that you come from the ancient times, so you probably have primitive notions about the rule of law. An immortal's life is immeasurably more valuable than a mortal's, so if you kill an immortal, you deny them the rest of their permanent existence. The only reason we don't support execution is because rehabilitation is usually possible. After a few thousand years-"

"Tens of thousands." I correct her, but she continues as if I hadn't said a thing.

"...she will be released if she managed good behavior during her imprisonment, and the rehabilitation and memory purging were successful."

I open my mouth to reply, but something doesn't sit right with me. "Memory purging? That's... a little..."

"It's perfectly normal. Haven't you ever had memories you wished to forget? The trauma of the past can't hurt you if you don't remember it. Likewise, if our psychologists can isolate the cause of aberrant behavior, such as that which leads a lovely girl to murder a person who fights for justice, then she will be safe to return to the general population."

_Eh, I'd be a hypocrite to denounce memory purging. She has a point._ There's a short silence as I mull her words over and decide to switch gears. "You've got it all wrong about Danis. You didn't know the man very well."

She scoffs at me and rolls her eyes. "Oh, and _you_ did? You've been out of a cryopod for a few weeks and knew the Admiral for all of ten minutes. Don't make me laugh."

I cross my arms slowly and keep my gaze even. "Marie, haven't you noticed Admiral Danis acting... strange? A little out of the ordinary?"

No hesitation. "Not in the slightest. Why?"

I wipe at my forehead before returning my arms to their crossed position. "I killed Danis already. The man in that meeting today was a clone I created to replace him."

Marie's face slowly contorts from an expression of disbelief to one of shock. "You can't be serious."

"I can, and I am. I met Danis in the labyrinth, only a few days after I awoke from the cryopod. I was living with the demons when I met Lora. I've already told you the demons turned her mute... but..."

Marie raises her hand to silence me. "Hold a moment. I don't know why I never pieced this together before, perhaps because I was preoccupied... why was Lora living with the demons?"

"She was a slave, as well as dozens, even hundreds of others. The demons only kept female slaves though, for some reason."

"Oh. I see."

She nods at me to continue, so I do. "Anyway, I met Danis when I was walking with Lora to her old slave room. He was in there, along with two of the other slave women. He had killed both of them, and was... well, he was... violating their corpses."

Marie purses her lips. "An unbelievable story. I suspect that you're lying."

"I have no reason to lie."

"You want your bloody-haired girlfriend released from prison. That is a plenty good enough reason for me."

She doesn't believe me. Shit. If I have to leave Lora in prison, I will, since it was her fault. But the blame is also partly on me for not paying attention. Still, Danis was a scumbag corrupt piece of shit. The demons might be bad, but he had to be worse. I don't want Lora to rot on his account.

Before I can think of a way to convince her, Marie shrugs. "Don't worry about it. Once we sit down and hear Danis' side, the truth will reveal itself. I'll personally grill him to see if your story checks out."

I stare at her blankly for a second. "How- what? Are you going to interrogate his corpse? He's dead."

She nods at me like I'm an idiot. "Yes, he's dead, but he's an angel now. Ah, wait, I forgot. You're new to modern life. The resurrection system guarantees all humans a second shot at life if they should die. This is half of the reason why prayer is mandatory- or did you not know that yet?"

I nod. "Sarah told me in passing. I didn't think about the implications. So you're saying Danis isn't even dead?"

Marie shakes her head. "No, his human existence is over. Once he became an angel, he ceased to be a part of human society. We can go to heaven and speak with angels, and, under special circumstances, they may leave Heaven and come to Earth, as well as other parts of human society, but they may no longer hold office or lead a fulfilling career. Former humans also must abandon any relationships they may have had with other humans, such as with wives and husbands."

I'm stunned. I hadn't realized the resurrection system was a major part of this society. "Even if Danis does have to abandon everything, he's still alive! Why does Lora have to spend fifty thousand years in a prison if he's not actually dead?!"

"She took away the rest of his human existence. The fact that he is still alive, as an angel, is part of the reason why we don't execute violent criminals. If he and other humans were obliterated entirely on death, then I suspect capital punishment would very much be in effect., Really, you may not be used to the idea of living for tens of millions of years, but fifty thousand is a drop in the bucket. Her sentence is _extremely_ lenient, given the circumstances."

Marie lights another cigarette and takes a long breath from it, and I ponder the future while she does. "Marie, when you realize I'm telling the truth about Danis, will you let Lora go free? He harmed her many times in the past. She had reason to be fearful for her life."

" _When_ I do? You mean _if_ I do. But in any case, _if_ we should find that Danis the monster you say he is, Lora will likely go free, or at least her punishment will be greatly reduced. Moreover, if one of the most influential members of my perfect society is a murderous necrophiliac, as you claim, then I have bigger things to worry about. It calls into question the entire notion my society is based on."

My eyes sweep over her body, looking for cracks in the surface. "You're rather bad at reading people. The fact you had no idea of what he was doing... that says a lot about you."

"Oh come on, Jason. If you're telling the truth about him and not just slandering an innocent man, then he fooled much more people than just me. I'm not omniscient by any means. I merely designed the system that elevates those who are deserving."

"You're saying a corpse-fucker deserved a promotion to Admiral?"

She fumes at me silently before shaking her cigarette in my direction. "I can't wait to prove you're a liar. Once I speak with Danis, and I find the truth, you'll feel the heat."

I shake my head slowly. "I won't. Danis was a horrible man. If he was at the top echelons of humanity, then that tells me something about the rest of them. After all... Yama spoke of others who would use his services."

"Yama, huh?" Marie shoves the cigarette back in her mouth. "He's a demon emperor, Jason. Even if you did see Danis down there, who's to say he wasn't manipulated by the likes of Yama? If I can make a person change their way of thinking without using magic, I'm certain a demon emperor could _with_ the stuff."

"You're making excuses for him? Whatever. I'll prove it to you when the time is right." I wave at her flippantly. "I'm gonna go take a walk. I need to clear my head."

"Fine. Do as you please. Just don't try anything stupid, like trying to break your sex-toy out of prison."

"I wouldn't think of it." Marie and I share an amused glare with one another. Despite her harsh words, she's definitely committed to proving Danis is a good man. At least she has a naive faith in him, or it might be for a different reason entirely. I had thought based on my first impression of her that she was a jaded bitch, someone who controlled the galaxy with an iron fist, but she takes pride in helping create a utopian society.

Hell, even if things aren't perfect, there's still the rule of law here, people lead fulfilling lives, government is mostly functional... if the world I came from had kept going on the path it was heading, the failures of the world leaders would have eventually driven humanity to a third world war. I can't know that for sure, but it was very likely.

Compared with that bleak future, a galaxy spanning empire is not that bad.

My only question is... how did Marie manage to get to the top of this system? And if she designed it, why did people in the boardroom not think very highly of her? Is she hiding her true authority from them?

_Oh._ I see. She must have been telling that limp-wristed Jason before me to do what she wanted him to do. I'll bet she expects the same of me too, eh? Yeah, we'll see about _that_.

I turn to walk away, and Marie speaks up. "Oh, before you go, let me call someone. He'll show you around and answer any questions you might have."

I stifle a chuckle. I see exactly what's going on. She's going to have someone follow me around and keep an eye on me.

She taps a few buttons on her datapad, and a few minutes later I start to turn away again. "I'll be okay, but thanks for the offer."

"He's here." Marie points behind me, and I turn to see the black man from yesterday approaching me. Benjamin Brown is his name, as I recall.

Ugh, guess I'm stuck having her lapdog follow me around. When he's not looking, I'll make a quick getaway.

He stops a few feet away and nods at me. "I'll be showing you around, then."

"Aren't you going to say hello?" Marie winks at him seductively, and for once, his stony expression cracks, and he smiles at her, ever so slightly.

"Miss Becker. I'll see you later tonight."

"That you will."

I shoot a look from her to him and raise a knowing eyebrow. Interesting. I guess they aren't just colleagues, after all.

I push past him, and he turns around and follows after me. I have no idea where I'm going, but the journey might just teach me a few new things about this society I live in.

........................................

The flying ship lands on the dock, and the other prisoners are ushered out before me. The painful stinging thing is wrapped around my neck again, and my wrists are bound by metal cuffs, but otherwise, the guards gave me rectangle bars to eat, and the bed was comfortable in my cell. I'm scared of what awaits me in Prison, since the other people in 'Holding' told me Prison is a dangerous place to be. Only murderers like me go there, and there aren't very many women in there.

I look back and count quickly. Thirty-three men, one woman, plus myself. Master can't possibly find me here. I don't know where I am anymore, not at all.

I look up at the sky and stare in awe. The sky is a green color, and the wind has a stinging feeling to it. It bites into my skin bitterly, but it isn't cold or hot. The bright round light-ball in the sky is less bright than the one on Earth, and redder than it too. That one was slightly orange.

As I look up, someone shoves me forward, but he accidentally pushes himself backward and falls on his butt. I'm too strong to be pushed around like that, even though I'm shorter than the men around me. I turn back to look at him and realize he's wearing a guard uniform.

"What happened?" Another guard walks over to his friend on the ground, who is now standing up.

The guy who fell over leans in and whispers to his friend, but I can hear what he says. "I was trying to shove that daydreaming bitch back in line, but it felt like I was pushing against a steel wall. The hell is she made of?"

This grim situation should make any feeling of happiness evaporate, but somehow his words make me want to smile. I face forward again and quickly get back in line, just in case. These guards have all the power, just like the lesser demons in Yama's domain. Even if he couldn't push me over, deliberately making him mad will just hurt me in the long run.

I have to think about long term survival. Prison is going to be harsh if the Holding guards were right.

We walk across a field with many little green sticks poking out of the ground straight up. The sticks are soft and collapse under my weight as I walk. There must be thousands of them, millions even. Some of the sticks stand up taller than others, and have yellow, red, and other colored balls on top, with soft symmetrical pads surrounding them.

They're beautiful. I've never seen anything like them in my life. The green stretches far off into the distance, where vehicles drive around, here and there. The building we're being led to has a large fence around it, with a big gate that opens up to let us enter. I'd rather sit on the soft green sticks and roll around, but the guards are carrying weapons like those men in white did that Master fought in the Labyrinth. I don't want to die, so I'll be obedient.

The prisoners continue walking for many long minutes, and we enter a large hollowed out cavern inside a mountain. I only know it's called a mountain because Master explained a few things like this to me when we would sleep together at night. I never replied, but he seemed content to do all the talking.

We arrive at a checkpoint and the guards remove the neck-stingers, letting us breathe easier. A tall woman steps forward and faces us, her white uniform contrasting with the other guard's blue uniforms.

"Greetings, criminals and you bad-mannered pieces of shit! I'm Warden Scullis, and welcome to Tarus II, the main prison colony for most of humanity's undesirables! You will be staying here for a very long time, so listen carefully! My rules are law in here! No fighting, complaining, talking back, stealing, or doing anything unpleasant while you stay here! The punishments in this particular prison complex are much harsher than others on Tarus II, because _I'm_ the one running the show! Admiral Danis, may god bless his soul, gave me full reign to run this place how I like, and that is just what I'll do!"

She pauses to glare at me. "And in case anyone here doesn't know, this bitch killed our grand leader! Admiral Danis was a man born to lead, with a charisma far beyond his years. This woman executed him in cold blood with no provocation, not even for a perceived slight! I'd watch out if I were you..." She pauses to look at a tablet in her hand. "...Lora. No last name? What, not good enough for you?"

The warden stares at me for a few moments. "You going to say anything?"

I continue staring stonily at her, and she nods at a man beside me. I feel the pressure in the air long before his fist hits my kidney. The impact does nothing to me, but he pulls back his hand and shakes it in surprise, wincing the whole time. "Saint Joseph! I feel like I punched a rock!"

"Oh?" Warden Scullis smiles sweetly at me. "So it's not just an act? I wondered how a little girl like you could take down the Admiral with a palm thrust. You must have trained for millennia to get a body as strong as that. You'll have plenty of free-time in this prison to exercise more, but I'll make sure you have _special_ work privileges, so you keep busy. After reviewing the footage of your murderous act, we prepared a unique cell, just for you."

She covers her mouth up and turns away. "Ah, I didn't want to spoil the surprise. You will see!"

Scullis walks away without another word, allowing everyone to breathe a sigh of relief. I expected a longer speech, but I guess she was only interested in me. I already have so many enemies... was Danis loved by these people? Why? He was an awful man. I did the world a favor by killing him... even if it did make Master hate my guts.

We're shuffled off down the hall and my shoulders slump again. Master definitely despises me. I failed in every sense of the word and was locked up. Why would he waste his precious time looking for me? I can't pretend I'll be important to him. Knowing him, he'll forget me in a few weeks.

The main prison appears before us, and I gasp when I see how big it is. It must be fifty stories tall, with a hundred thousand people here. I've never seen so many humans all at once. Many are walking around, their hands clasped together, but most are in their cells, with bars of iron and steel preventing them from getting out. Why do some get to walk around, but others don't?

We're led along, with some prisoners in my group getting pushed into this cell or that one, but eventually, it's just me and the other female prisoner left. She's a little taller than me, with matted brown hair that has natural curls, which are the opposite of my straight hair. Her hair goes down to just below her shoulders, but mine stops at the bottom of my neck.

She sees me looking at her and grimaces. "Keep your eyes to yourself."

I look away, not wanting to offend her. I'm scared of many things, but a fellow woman is not one of them.

I begin to hear a buzzing noise up ahead, and before I can wonder what it is, the guards stop the other woman and me in front of a different looking cell. Unlike the ones we've passed before, which have beds, toilets, and bedding... this cell lacks a bed. It only has the ground and a toilet on the inside.

More importantly, it is not blocked by steel bars like the others, but bars that glow blue. I feel an electrical sensation just from standing a few feet away. A guard behind me chuckles out loud. "Heh, this cell has electrified bars. Scullis didn't want to take a chance on you being able to bend metal, so she set this cell up just for you." He's talking to me, but he jabs the girl beside me. "You'll be locked in here with her too. I hope you're the friendly type."

She doesn't respond, and the guard sneers at her. He waves at another down the hall, and the cell pops open, opening automatically out toward us. Both of us step inside, and the guard reaches for my cuffs. "I'll take these off, but one wrong move and my partner blasts ya. Got it?"

I nod, and he removes the cuffs on both of us. "Smart girls. Welcome to Hell."

He leaves, and the door shuts, but all I can do is smile. _If only that man knew what Hell really was._