Part 300a: Sentinel

I felt my heart slam in my chest as a plasma projectile flew past me, missing my head by an impossibly small number of units. I heard the sounds of several more passing by overhead, but from my hunkered down position behind this dirt ridge, I couldn't take a chance at peeking out to see where they originated from.

"Unarin! They're Sentinels! Keep your head down!" Trayza bellowed at me as she lay flat on the ground, doing the best she could to keep her body as low to the ground as possible.

I can't believe it's come to this. The entire platoon was wiped out. We've got a dozen commandos left, and the Resistance has been barely holding on of late. The previous Great War wasn't anything like this one. It was always over land and resources in the past, but now I sense it's all about a clash of ideologies, each one trying to outmaneuver and eliminate the other. Negotiations have broken down, as they always did in the past, but this time... it's different. These... _monsters_... they must have created them for the sole purpose of exterminating us.

As I felt my body shaking, I aimed my mind over the ridge to try and sense the attackers. I couldn't sense a thing, so either they were biologicals who were good at masking their psionic presence, or they weren't biological at all. If it really was the Sentinels...

An idea popped into my head as I used every fiber of my being to flatten myself against the narrow ridge as best as I could. The Sentinels seemed to be drawing closer, and their aim was damn near pinpoint too. Another ten standard time units, and I'd likely have my head taken clean off.

"Dosena! I have one ion grenade left! Take them out with it!" Using my mind, I mentally tossed it to her. She was my superior when it came to the art of telekinesis and telepathy, so in general I tried to use her abilities to my best advantage.

As usual, her cool and calm demeanor was like a rock in the face of a colossal tidal wave. She never flinched at anything... the truest Volgarian I would ever consider a worthy leader for our cause. Catching the grenade with the barest minimum of effort, she calmly stepped out from behind the Rolgon she was standing behind; a massive hovering vehicle used for transport and assault, but this one was in pieces and totally dead to the world.

Without breaking a sweat, she smiled and waved. "Hey! Over here! Aim at me!"

I couldn't see what was happening, but the plasma blasts stopped whizzing past my head as they must have turned to aim at her. I jerked my head over to look at her. "Dosena! No!" In the blink of an eye, several dozen rapid fire shots were unloaded at her.

However, she did something I had never seen her do before... standing perfectly still, she calmly stared at the blue-hot blasts of energy soaring at her body... and she deflected them purely with telekinesis. I had never seen such a thing in my life! How was this possible?!

As I stared and gaped, I suddenly heard the sound of beeping, as the ion grenade I had tossed to her sprang to life, flying out of her hand held at her side and directly into the middle of the cluster of Sentinels. The grenade exploded unceremoniously, tearing them apart internally while causing only minor physical harm.

However, it wasn't enough. Of the dozen Sentinels that had been advancing on our position, four still walked, apparently unharmed by the explosive. Dosena frowned slightly. "Damn. The blast radius was too small. Still, four should be easy enough."

I felt her mental presence deform and shift as it sprang out at the nearest Sentinel. An invisible hand of sorts lashed out to grab at the nearest robot, but just before it was able to reach it, her presence vanished as it made contact with the air surrounding the automaton.

She took one step back as her frown turned into a grimace. "Curses. Some sort of direct-contact psionic shielding. At this rate..."

I quickly stood up from my position and leveled my Gravity Rifle at the Sentinels. While it possessed almost no killing power, it was extremely useful at subduing enemies of a biological nature, and might be useful against these damn bots.

The Sentinels instantly spotted me rising, but they had no time to react as I fired the small spherical gravity condenser at the two that were grouped together. The instant one of these projectiles collided with anything at all, it would activate a powerful hyper-gravity field, increasing the gravity in the area for a period of five partial time units by a factor of twenty.

My aim was off however, and I panicked as I realized my shot would miss. Just when I realized the full extent of my fatal mistake, the projectile corrected itself mid-flight, smacking right into the chest of the robot I had intended to hit. I jerked my head over towards Dosena, realizing what had happened. "Did you just-?!"

"Yes! Fire again!" Dosena didn't even look at me, as the two robots were yanked down to the ground instantly before their servo-motors had a chance to react.

Following her orders, I fired another gravity condenser, Dosena once again shifting its flight path to collide with the third of the remaining four Sentinels. This one had a few moments to process what happened to his 'friends', if they could be called that, but not enough time to formulate a countermeasure. He too crumpled to the ground, as the final one aimed its blaster at my head. Damn, they have perfect aim, too! No time to dodge!

I felt my body suddenly falling, as I collapsed on my back. Something had pulled me down- Trayza?! Thankfully she had been ready, yanking me down flat as the final Sentinel fired the shot that would have otherwise terminated my life. Too close! "Idiot! You're no good to us dead!"

I coughed as I heard a muffled 'CLANK' just over the ridge. Dosena had somehow neutralized it. Quickly jumping back to my feet, I looked over to see the Rolgon had been mentally hurled at the Sentinel, crushing it and its nearby allies instantly as the vehicle was caught in the gravity wells. She was able to lift such a massive object with just her telekinetic abilities now? Why did her powers continue to grow as the orbital cycles continued? Was this part of some divine prophecy? Was she truly the one to lead the resistance to its ultimate conclusion?

If she was, I couldn't think of a more capable leader.

Dosena quickly walked over to the Sentinels, pausing just outside the gravity well's area of influence. She grimaced as one of the sentinels twitched, to which she psionically flung a large boulder into the well, crushing that robot into a metallic pulp.

Finally, it was over. In the distance, I could hear the sounds of combat going on, and I knew deep in my heart that we were losing. Standing only a few dozen Long Distance Units from the Capital of Volgarius, we were close enough to the heart of the Dark Order that I could almost taste their blood on our hands already. After what they did that started this damn war, we were going to make sure the Council suffered greatly for casting away the treaty we'd ironed out over many long days and nights at the end of the 6th Great War. Volgarius couldn't take another war like this. This planet was already polluted to the point where it was damn near unlivable, unless you lived in the capital.

Dosena strode over to me and quickly examined me with her mind. "You were lucky. Don't ever jump up like that again without being ordered. I had the situation under control."

I flinched at her direct words, but she was right. "Sorry, I just thought it was the best time to strike."

"I noticed as much. Still, we lucked out. Perhaps the manipulation of gravity condensers in midair will eventually become a reliable tandem attack we'll employ in the future, hm?" Dosena smiled faintly at me as she winked. Turning on her heel she quickly walked over to Lunaris, who was nursing a wound she had taken several standard time units before. A simple shrapnel grenade had exploded and partially embedded itself into her chest.

Dosena kneeled down and surveyed the wound quickly. She wasn't a doctor, but her incredible mental abilities gave her the ability to see the Volgrim body in a way few others could. "This looks serious. I'm going to have you recalled to HQ. We'll go on to Melkian IV by ourselves."

Lunaris gnashed her long sharp teeth together, as she gingerly touched her chest and a wave of pain surged inside herself. "Ahh... sorry, Elder Dosena. I've really failed you this time."

"Nonsense. You saved Cuanali's life when you shielded her from that shrapnel IED. I'm so glad we not only didn't lose you, but also our best intelligence officer. Your deeds will not go unrewarded when the time comes, if we can win this war."

Lunaris nodded as she kept her face tight. "Of course we'll win. We have you to call 'leader'. Just do what you must and win us yet another war."

Dosena stood up and sent a nearby medivac a mental signal. "Let's move out. Cuanali, return to HQ with Lunaris. I want you working with the new ONYX A.I. on plans to disassemble the plasma reactors at the Melkian facility."

Cuanali, standing some feet away as she hurriedly exchanged intel with a platoon over the horizon, nodded intently. "Y-yes! I'll be on the Mental Net if you need me!"

Dosena quickly turned and started walking towards the large city in the distance as I scrambled upwards to follow after her. With Trayza, Dosena, and myself... I knew this would succeed. It had to. Our people's future depended on it.

...................................................................

Elder Nufaris breathed sharply as the memories came to a halt, his mind reappearing in the normal world. He blinked quickly as he shook his head to clear his mind. "That was... the past... from your perspective, it would seem." He nodded slowly as his eyes stared ahead. Pondering the deeper meanings behind what he had seen, he absentmindedly slid the small device back over to Unarin, who took it smoothly and placed it back under his side of the table.

The other Founders at the table gave Nufaris a moment to collect his thoughts, as a memory download was always immediately taxing on the mind until it had been fully absorbed. Nufaris finally blinked again, returning to a normal state of mind. "I only have one question: What was so threatening about the Sentinels? They seemed to die rather easily."

Unarin frowned at the question. "Hmm? Did you not see their barbarism on full display?"

Nufaris shook his head slowly, unsure if he had missed something important. "No... you appeared to crush a dozen of them with only minimal effort. However, what I did find interesting..." Nufaris paused as he thought back to the memories. So much had been happening there, but one thing stuck out to him especially. "...Dosena. She was your leader? She appeared to be exceptionally powerful. Did... something happen?"

The first founder's face turned slightly ashen as his eyes flicked to the device in the drawer. "What memory did you see, exactly? Was it not the incident at Melkian IV?"

Nufaris felt his breathing catch slightly in his throat. "Aye, it was....sort of. You were on your way to Melkian IV and appeared to have been ambushed by a dozen of those Sentinels. Dosena crushed them with ease."

Unarin's expression turned dark for a moment as he glanced away. "Ah, the wrong memory, it would seem. How careless of me. Still... so long as you were able to at least see the power of the Sentinels, it served its purpose..."

Nufaris started to say something about how the Sentinels seemed quite weak and he didn't see them as threatening at all, but he decided to keep his mouth shut. Something about Unarin's reaction made him feel he had seen something he wasn't supposed to.

Trayza cocked an eyebrow at the exchange the two were having. "You said Dosena was more powerful than Unarin? A laughable claim, to be sure. Such was never the case. Perhaps that was during one of the battles where he was badly injured. As I can recall, Dosena was never better than Unarin at anything, which is why she was always playing second fiddle. She did have better telepathy towards the end of the war and afterwards, but that's fairly minor."

Nufaris fidgeted in his seat as he felt a cold aura turn and face him. Unarin was still keeping his face bored and distant as he usually would, but something about him filled Nufaris with a silent terror. Nufaris swallowed slowly as he found his voice again. "Haha, yes, I'm so bad at memory readings. I must have missed some details."

Trayza smirked as she rolled her eyes. "A good jest, if there ever was one. Dosena being more powerful than Unarin... hehe."

Nufaris flicked his gaze between the other Founders at the table. All of them seemed amused by the concept. All of them, that is, other than Cuanali. As she fiddled with her holowatch, she kept uneasily glancing up at Unarin every now and then.

_Is there something going on here? Something more to the Founders than I was led to believe?_ Nufaris kept his own face neutral as he asked himself that question mentally. By the time Trayza had returned to the topic of superweapons to combat the human invaders, Unarin and the others had already forgotten about the topic entirely.

But Nufaris didn't forget. He knew, deep in his subconscious that there was something secret going on... something he should never have seen.
