Part 278a

I remember when I was a kid, someone told me "Trust nobody, not even yourself."

It's kind of ironic, given my entire intelligence division is staffed entirely by my clones. Also, Harold's wife, Helen, she teleports down here occasionally. But generally speaking, this place is only for myself. Each clone is their own person, but they're all me, essentially, and we all understand our goal. I only keep the lowest level clones here, since there appears to be no degradation of their minds, only of their spiritual energy levels.

Naturally, one of the clones was assigned recently to monitor anything possible that might give us a lead on finding Amelia. A few of the other clones keep eyeballs on various radar systems around the world to watch for Satan, demon activity, and anything that might be relevant to the future, specifically.

The clone who has been monitoring for Amelia (I call him Jasolia, because it's amusing. He doesn't like the name, not that I can blame him) turns to me as I walk in. "Yo! Nothing to report of immediate concern, but I have been looking into some incidents that occurred in Paris a few years ago. Pretty gruesome... might be related, since the killer was never found."

I nod as he pulls up the files and sends them over to my visor feed.

Images of bodies that look like they were ripped to shreds appear in my visor. Some have unnaturally large bite marks taken out of them. That being said, in the future, Amelia ate a human whole right in front of me, so it seems unlikely she would leave parts behind.

"Official reports from the local news state these were likely caused by attacks from a roving gang of wild dogs. All the victims were killed in the night-time, in dark alleys, where they were likely to roam." Jasolia pulls up a heatmap of the areas hit.

I squint as I look at them. The attacks were all in a giant circle, all located around one central spot. If they were caused by wild dogs like the media said, then it would indicate their home was somewhere in that middle spot. But then again, I might say the same for Amelia too. I don't know if she simply likes the, err, taste of humans... or if she needs them for sustenance, or if at this point she needs them at all, but her horrifying eating habits are the only way I can think of to track her down.

"Yeah... I suppose it might just be wild dogs. But since I don't have anything better to do right now, I'll go and check it out."

Jasolia nods as he turns back to the computer. "Sure. I'll tell you if anything else comes up. Oh, and watch yourself, man. We both know what she is capable of."

"Yeah, you said it."

I turn and walk away from the clone intelligence center. None of the others had anything interesting to report or they'd be pestering me. Unlike in the future, when I was making clones all the time willy-nilly, I now keep a careful registry of when every new clone is made. Centurion helps with the records, allowing me to access the full list at any time I want. Right now there are about thirty level 2's, seventy level 3's, and the numbers get much bigger the further you go down the levels. I'd say I have about 2,000 clones in total currently, and could double that number overnight if I really needed to.

There's always a worry, deep in the back of my mind, that my clones will turn on me. I can't help it, I just feel the fear all the time. I've grown used to it, given there hasn't been an incident like the Hope incident in the last 20 years, but I just can't shake the feeling. Better safe than sorry, as they say.

I walk down the corridors to make one last stop in the Training Room, a heavily reinforced room that I use to practice my abilities or to train new Hypersuit Commandos. Today there are a few dozen flying around, beating the crap out of each other, and it's all good fun. Of course, my good friend Gregory is there, a demon who has helped me with intelligence on the demon community for a solid twenty years now.

"Gregory, I'm heading to Paris. Want any souvenirs?"

He chuckles as he keeps an eye on the proceedings. Naturally he's the training commander now, in charge of making sure all new recruits are up to snuff. "That's cute, since you and I both know 'souvenir' is a French word. You thought I wouldn't catch that?"

"Actually, it started off as Latin, but close enough."

He shrugs at me. "So, what do you need in Paris? Been a while since you were there."

"I need to find an... old friend of mine. Heard she might be around the area."

"Old friend?" He cocks an eyebrow. "You don't have 'old friends', unless you mean from after the start of the war or something. Or is she-" He pauses as a knowing smile spreads across his face. "Ahhh, I see. It's like _that_ then, eh? I won't pry into your personal affairs."

I scowl. "No, idiot, it's _not_ like that. She's a person of interest in a case I'm looking into. In any case, I need you to take over war operations until I get back. Probably will be a few days at most, but if you really need me, we both know I can get back here in an instant. Don't hesitate to call me."

"Mhm." Gregory stares at me thoughtfully for a few moments. "You know, word via the grapevine is that Satan's special lady was caught here and then let go. I think Satan wasn't too happy about that, but he was mostly mad that she was caught."

"Well, if he's mad at us, that doesn't exactly change anything. We're enemies, after all."

Gregory shakes his head. "No, I mean he was mad at _her_. She's supposed to be the second strongest of all demons. If she gets caught, it's a stain on the names of the demons in the highest echelons. Makes them think the humans are actually leading them into a trap. That's good news for you though, a bit of unrest means their war council won't be so eager to rush into a battle with us again. Hell, they're mad that you were able to rescue billions of angels, as well as yourself."

Gregory glances away from me for a moment, sniffling. "I mean, I'm not exactly happy about those angels being saved either. I don't exactly want their blood, but I'm not fond of them either."

I roll my eyes at his words. "Gregory, we're friends, but someday we have to do something about that... 'angelism' of yours."

He shrugs again. "Yeah, maybe. I dunno, I wasn't there for the Holy Wars, but I was alive for the Crusaders and the purges, the combined evil of humans, guided by angels and gods, didn't leave a good impression in my mind. You know, it's only an irrational fear if it doesn't harm you... but angels, from my perspective, are extremely harmful. I don't like them, and doubt I ever will."

I wanted to ask about the Crusades, but it seemed a tender subject for him, so I left it behind. "Fair enough. I'll try to keep your feelings in mind, next time. In any case, I'm off. Have fun running the show, boss."

Gregory nods as I turn and walk away. "Take care of yourself. Without you, I don't want to think of what all of us would be going through right now."

It's a feeling I'm all too used to hearing about.