Part 016:

I stared at Hoarhiim's orb blankly. "What do you mean? Isn't this Earth?"

Hoarhiim started to say something but Blaarjiim cut him off. "We're not allowed to tell you that. Tell us how you know of that word!"

I stared blankly at Blaarjiim. "What are you talking about? I'm from Earth, and isn't this place Earth? I traveled through time to get here."

Hoarhiim rolled his eyes. "Oh yes, now I remember you saying that before when we had first spoken."

Blaarjiim looked aghast. "Time travel? What a bunch of malarkey! You don't expect us to believe that do you?!"

I felt numb. "It's... true. Why are you guys acting so weird? Can't you tell me what's going on?"

"NO! Absolutely not! You naive child, if you think you can lie to us, think again! We'll get to the bottom of this eventually." Blaarjiim sneered once again. He was so adorable when he was angry.

"Right." I rolled my eyes. "Anyway,- oh, this room!"

I suddenly realized that I had gotten into the room barred by the gold doors, but I hadn't looked around me at all.

To my surprise, the room was almost totally empty. It was only 30 feet wide in any square direction, with three doors, one going forward and two going left and right. There was a Red door to the left, a Blue door straight ahead, and a Yellow door to my right. The room was illuminated by four candles sitting on pedestals, in a square formation, with another simple pedestal in the center of them. And on the pedestal there sat a golden crown, with ten spiked pieces pointing up and a massive ruby set in the center.

According to the special vision I had gained from Hoarhiim, this was one of the pieces of armor I had spotted earlier.

"Hoarhiim, I've been meaning to ask you something since I learned you can speak."

Hoarhiim, also examining the room, turned back to me. "Oh? What might that be?"

"Well, it's regarding our relationship. Originally you said that as long as I didn't specifically request it, Blaarjiim could not harm me, but I also could not use his power either, right?"

"That is correct." Hoarjiim nodded lightly while a bored expression crossed over his face and his eyes wandered around.

"Okay, so with that said, why am I able to use your power? I never asked for this."

"Incorrect." Hoarhiim immediately turned and mentally looked me in the eye. "When you were chased by the shadow, you grabbed ahold of me with fierce determination. You did not have to ask for my power out loud, your heart asked for it loudly. However, if you had yelled 'I do not wish to have your power', I would not have given it to you."

I bobbed my head. "So does that mean I can give up your power if I want?"

"No. Once you partake of the power of either one of us, or both, you are bound to us until one of us dies. If you leave me behind anywhere, and I am somehow slain, you will die as well."

I see. So when I grabbed him, because I didn't immediately declare that I had no desire to have his power, he became bound to me. Then that must mean that if I had grabbed ahold of Blaarjiim without saying I didn't want _his_ power, he'd be bound to me as well. Blaarjiim is a troublemaker too, so I had no desire to have him bound to my soul. Plus, I'm not sure of their relationship, but I feel like having the power of both beings inside me would rip me apart, literally and spiritually.

"Hoarhiim." I said, as I approached the pedestal holding the crown. "When I had you in my hand, I gained the ability to shoot light and fire from my hands. Do I have more abilities?"

"You may, or you may not. It all depends on your own power. Blaarjiim and I are only a manifestation of spiritual power that a being may themselves possess. We do not grant power, only amplify latent power. I have given many power, as has Blaarjiim, and every one of them was different."

"I see." I said, as I used a few fingers of the hand holding Blaarjiim to grasp ahold of the golden crown and raise it to the top of my head. "What about the fact that I can see mysterious pieces of armor all over the place, including this one?"

Hoarhiim was silent.

"You can see their locations? Through the walls?" Blaarjiim sounded skeptical.

"Yes. There's a sword, a set of armor, a mighty shield, leg guards, and other such things."

Blaarjiim looked incredulous. "That's not possible. Those are... the lost treasures of the ancient kings. The one in your hand now is worth a million fortunes. To be able to simply see them, you'd have to be... you'd have to... be..." He trailed off again and lowered his eyes.

Hoarhiim nodded quietly. "Maybe you are the one they spoke of."
