Part 341a

"How interesting. The angels parked their entrance to heaven in the Alps. Since we're at the border of France, it won't take us long to fly over to London." Marie nodded emphatically as she mumbled to herself while staring up at a sign that listed the city's name in big white letters: _LES HOUCHES_.

Clarence managed to pick up on it. "France, huh? That cave was in a spot where it couldn't easily be seen by people in the town below, and even the light from the portal would be just about impossible to see with all the snow around. It's a pretty smart hiding location."

Marie's expression shifted to a tight grin. "Yeah, well, we're very lucky. I had wondered if it might open up inside that old complex that Jason Hiro used to run over in the Americas. If it had, we'd be dead on arrival."

"The supreme commander? I didn't know he owned property over there."

Marie's smile faded slightly after hearing Clarence's question. "I wouldn't really say he 'owned' anything. Nobody knew about the fortress until he made his announcement at the Worldwide Cooperative of Nations. After that, once they saw his terrifying futuristic arsenal, it became clear that opposing him would be unwise. Few knew about his status as a Hero at the time, or about the existence of demons and angels, so they weren't sure just how dangerous he was. And since you probably weren't even born yet, it doesn't surprise me that you don't know any of this. Even if you were, the general public was never privy to this information."

Clarence cocked an eyebrow as the two of them jumped into the air and began to fly, Marie leading the way with her internal map taking them to London. "Hero? What is that? How do you know this stuff? You must have been a fairly important government figure, to say the least."

"That is one way of looking at it. I know a great many secrets, Clarence. As I said before, I make it my business to learn things others don't know. It's what I do."

The two of them flew into a patch of fog and slowed their speed down, just in case an unexpected airbus came flying through and smashed into them. "I don't suppose you'll ever give me details, then?"

"Not ever. You're not that special, dear." Marie winked at him as she glanced up through the fog at the sun in the sky. "It's about midday. At this rate, we'll be in London before 10 PM. The cover of darkness will allow me to sneak around unseen."

"What are you going to do there, anyway?" Clarence frowned at her backside, though she couldn't see his face given she was flying in the lead. "We're going to stick out like sore thumbs, not to mention we glow in the dark somewhat. Being sneaky seems pretty impossible."

"I have some contacts in the city. I'm going to get in touch with them and work on the first part of my plan. What's really great though is that your megachurch is in London too, so we can kill two birds with one stone."

"What do you mean by that? You gonna let me in on this plan of yours?"

"It's more fun if I keep it a surprise." Marie snickered quietly to herself. Oh the genius of her master plan... it was all going to work out so well in the end.

Clarence grumbled quietly to himself. "Pff, fine. Don't tell me, then. Like I care."

Several hours passed as the two of them continued flying at ridiculous speeds towards their intended destination. As expected, the always punctual Marie arrived a mile away from the outskirts of the London Wall just a few minutes before 10 PM, and the two of them landed in a small section of trees some distance away.

"I'm going in alone for now, Clarence. You stay here, out of sight. You don't have the stealth training that I do, so your clumsy movement will ensure we're seen. I can't have that, since the situation I'm returning to will be... delicate. Especially given my new form."

Suspicion had been growing in the back of his mind for a while now, but Clarence had finally had enough. "Marie, I have an important question to ask. I want the answer straight, understand? No subterfuge."

Marie exhaled more quietly than usual as she turned to stare at the man behind her. "You're not usually so serious. Go on, then." She crossed her arms and groaned inwardly. _Perhaps the worm has finally put two and two together._

"Are you an ally of the demons?" Clarence stared into her eyes intently for once, the serious expression on his face not wavering as he searched for clues about the truth.

Marie didn't keep him waiting. "Yes. I work for the demons, Clarence. I am neither allied with the angels, nor the gods. Does this change anything for you?"

Clarence took a few carefully measured breaths, before his stance became relaxed. "No. I constantly find myself growing to hate the angels more and more, especially Raphael. I greatly want revenge at this point. I'm not... comfortable... with the idea of working with the demons..."

Marie shrugged. "I am the only official human ally the demons have, actually. The demons have always worked from the shadows, and I hardly consider them my best friends. They're the means to an end, and I don't trust any of them further than I can dropkick them. I'm not asking you to ally with them, only to consider them useful tools, as I do."

Clarence glared at her ever so slightly. "Those goals you just mentioned, what might they be?"

"Oh, that's easy. Killing the angels and gods, of course." Marie let a smile slip through as her own personal thoughts went wild. _Also ruling the universe and knowing all of its secrets. That would be a nice upside, but I'll settle for having some fun. Not that I'd tell the idiot that._

Clarence's expression relaxed as he slowly pulled away from her gaze and used his wings to slump down onto his back on the ground. "Ahh, I see now. I don't know what caused you to hate the angels and gods so much, but I can't imagine it was pretty. I'll stay here, then, while you do your thing."

Marie nodded as she turned away to leave. Pausing for a moment, she decided to throw him a bone. "As a matter of fact, I'm going to find a secret cell of demons that are hidden inside of London. I should be back before the morning, but if I'm not back by this same time tomorrow, assume you're on your own. It's not like you need food or anything, so you can wait a few days if you want, but if I come back late and you're not here, I'll understand why."

Clarence smiled as he eyed her from the rear once again. "You act tough, but it seems you might be hiding a soft side, Marie. I'll keep that in mind."

"Idiot." Marie rolled her eyes as she quickly jumped up and flew off into the distance, this time by herself.

Clarence sighed as he lay all by himself now, the silence of the encroaching darkness bearing down on him, only to be held off by the sound of crickets and other wildlife. "Wish I had a book to read or something. This is gonna be so boring."

Marie sneaked carefully outside the walls of London's border, looking closely for the gap that she had heard existed on the south side. Finally, she found it. A small crevasse, widened over the years to be just big enough so that it allowed otherwise unwanted visitors to come and go as they pleased, was split into the wall and dug down into just a bit, with a small bush growing in front of it. Truth be told, Marie could just fly right over the wall with no issue, but the energy detectors would ping her for sure, and even though gaps existed in several places, she had no clue where they were.

This was the most secure way inside.

She folded her wings behind herself tightly, as she squeezed through, her knees scraping across the ground and healing remarkably fast once she had made it through to the other side. She had always hypothesized that angels would consume their energy to heal minor and major wounds, but experiencing it in a practical setting piqued her interest so much more.

_I wonder what the limits are to this body of mine?_ Marie skulked around a dilapidated old building, one that had been destroyed during the war with the Volgrim ground troops, yet never repaired. It appeared to be an old mini-hotel of some sort, but a massive hole was punched into its second floor and several chunks of the building's side were falling to pieces or crumbling apart at the seams. She gave it another few years at best before the whole thing collapsed into a pile of rubble.

Few people lived in this area, mostly just drifters who didn't have the resources to live in the main city but still wanted to be within the safety of the wall. Living this close to the secret entrance was a death sentence though, if they were ever spotted by demons.

Speaking of which, Marie halted as she rounded a corner and came face to face with a bum pushing a four-wheeled cart along. She actually smelled the whiskey before she saw him, as the stench was quite unbearable.

Their eyes met at the same time and the bum yelped in fright. "Jesus Christ!" Stumbling backwards, he fell on his ass and gaped at her in amazement. "Mother of god! Y-you're... a-an angel!" His jaw hung down as he stared at her in disbelief.

Marie grimaced. She did not wish to be spotted. "Sorry, old man. I hope you're a god-fearing fellow."

"I-I never thought that you were..." He started to say something else, but Marie lunged at him before the old fool could make any more noise, dashing behind him with alarming speed and snapping his neck in the blink of an eye.

"Sorry, old timer. Rest easy now. Your troubles are over." Marie let his body sink down slowly, dragging him quickly inside the hotel that she had wandered past, before she tossed his cart inside. Quickly running around the building, she forcefully shoved several key braces out of position in a way that the building would collapse within the next day or so. By then, she'd be long gone, and they'd probably never find his body.

Breathing calmly, she continued making her way forwards, chancing upon a disgusting old blanket lying out in a field. Deciding it was better than nothing, she tucked her wings in and wrapped it around herself to mute the light emanating from her body. It smelled something fierce, like meat that had molded over the course of several months and had become infected with some horrible virus, but she didn't mind too much. She'd had worse in her youth.

Her youth... Marie felt her expression darken as she quickly made her way around the broken husk of the outer city, searching for the entrance to the sewers. Her life had been so hard before she was introduced to the concept of learning and books. Perhaps being orphaned at a young age had been what hardened her, allowing her to more easily make difficult decisions that would paralyze weaker beings with indecision. Even so, it was an awful childhood. Dolls and fairies and princesses were not what she had learned of the world from a young age. Humans were nasty, awful beings... always looking out to save their own skin or further their own desires. Nobody cared about the feelings of some runaway brat or an orphan with no home to return to.

She smiled tightly as she thought back to those dark days. _I wouldn't have had it any other way._ The twisting of the knife into her captor's heart, the look of agony on his face as his valuable asset made her great escape. It was all too easy. He had trained her well, perhaps too well. She probably ought to have been grateful to him, or to at least loathe him for what he did to her, but in truth it had been well over a hundred years. She had long since lost her hatred and love for that man.

Marie blinked as she saw the target was within sight. A manhole cover lay placed over the entrance to the sewer that she needed to enter, a mere fifty yards away. Closing her eyes and listening intently, she took note that nobody was nearby who might be able to see her. Given its location in the middle of what plainly used to be a main street in a bustling neighborhood, it couldn't hurt to be careful.

She slipped over to it in the blink of an eye, tossing the blanket behind without a hint of regret, as she yanked the sewer cover up and off in the blink of an eye, making no noise at all as if she had done it hundreds of times before. She tossed the cover up in the air lightly, leapt down into the sewer, and caught the cover before it could smack loudly on top, all in one smooth motion.

_God, I'm good._

Marie gave herself a mental pat on the back, as she glanced around once at the bottom to see where she needed to go. Despite it being pitch black inside, she could see around perfectly, as if the place was illuminated by an odd blue glow. All around her, strange colorful lines went this way and that, lighting up the darkness of the cave.

She figured out within a few seconds what those lines were. _It seems that in darkness, angels can see the spiritual lines left behind by demons. This makes it easier to track them in otherwise impossible places. Good to know, I'll have to keep this in mind once I get back._

Becoming an angel might have just been the best thing that had ever happened to her. Now she knew how they worked from the inside, and could figure out their weaknesses and strengths to a more perfect degree not previously achieved by anyone, human or demon.

Noting that dozens of the lines appeared to go from the manhole, down and to a certain specific direction, Marie quickly followed them.

The minutes dragged on, and she took so many turns right and left that she knew if escape was to become necessary, even her mental map would lose the direction she had come from. Still the lines seemed to be thickening noticeably as they joined from other directions, all converging towards one specific point. _The underground base I've heard so much about._

Marie blinked in surprise, suddenly realizing she had already arrived. It had taken less time than expected, but this was indeed the door she had been briefed on by Satan a few years back. This is the place the demons exited from to make their assaults on the human city above, and none were the wiser... yet. Truth be told, Jason might just be able to figure it out, if he ever decided to do some serious snooping. That guy was a real pain in the ass.

The door was a fairly normal looking one. If humans were to stumble around the sewers for several hours, they might overlook it. It appeared to be rotted, and had a small slit cut in it, presumably for those who were inside to see who was outside at any given time. It was deathly silent down here, but Marie was able to detect the presence of magic surrounding the whole section the door was attached to, likely in order to render any noise from the inside inert.

She wasted no time. Bracing herself, she pounded on the door. Wham-wham, wham, wham-wham. A five note chorus that should be recognizable to any demon as the code passed down through official channels that was to be used for the month. Had she waited too much longer after her death before coming back to Earth, it might not have been up to date and would have caused suspicion.

Several long moments passed, and Marie began to feel slightly nervous. She was an angel now, of course, and any pure-blooded demon would attack her on sight. Her words might not be able to save her, and she didn't have her technology to protect her like she normally would.

Still, though, when she thought about it, she realized there was little to fear. She had dissected several demons in secret and had studied demonology for decades. Combined with her powerful new form, she should be able to defend herself against even a fearsome horde of- wait, the door was shifting slightly. Somebody was approaching.

A moment later, chills went down her spine as two beady red eyes appeared, both of them jerking open in surprise at the sight of her. "What the hell?! An angel?!"

"Calm down. Follow standard procedure. What is The First Emperor's favorite food?" Marie forced her voice to stay even, as the demon stared back at her with wide eyes.

"I dunno, maybe ye' could tell me, Betrayer." The demon was already ignoring procedure.

Marie's expressionless face contorted into one of anger. "Imbecile, you're supposed to respond properly, no matter who is at the door."

"Yer callin' me names, eh?" The demon suddenly walked away from the door, and the sound-nullifying magic took effect once again. Marie had little doubt as to what would come next.

A moment later, the door was thrown open as several mean looking Scythers and Shadow-walkers could be seen, readying their weapons. The demon at the door was a rather diminutive shadow-walker, but the look on his face made Marie's skin crawl. "Oooh, look at this... a sexy lady angel, all by herself. Always wanted one of you for a _pet_." He raised an eyebrow and licked his lips suggestively as his eyes roved all over her body.

Unfortunately for him, his words only served to piss her off. "For your information, I happen to be a mole that works directly under Satan, but now I'm not letting you off the hook." Her face turned into a deadly expression of calm as she dashed forwards with the power of her wings, raising her feet off the ground and delivering a mighty double-kick directly into the shadow-walker's ribs. He probably would have screamed in pain if he had any breath left in him. The impact from her kick sent him flying straight back, smashing him into the wall and knocking him out cold.

Marie readied herself, as the other demons in the room quickly became enraged and started to move towards her.

"STOP!" A shrill voice bellowed out, and everyone froze at once, as yet another shadow-walker entered from a doorway off to the side. "What the fuck is going on out here?! I'm trying to take a nap, you insolent little shitbags!" The shadow-walker looked much bigger and more intimidating than the rest, but his voice was comically high-pitched, as if his diet consisted entirely of helium and nothing else. It was quite the contrasting set of characteristics. "What happened to Torlok?! Why is an angel standing there?! Why didn't any of you fuck-faces wake me up?!"

"S-sorry, boss..." One of the scythers whimpered softly as he lowered his bladed arms. "Torlok was just, you know, getting ahead of himself. But she's an angel, you know. She's the enemy."

The massive shadow-walker quickly stared over at Marie, sizing her up. "No kidding. Not only is it just one angel that showed up at our door, this bitch would eat you all for breakfast. Haven't any of you morons been paying attention to your threat assessment guidelines?!"

Everyone in the room lowered their weapons slightly and bowed their heads in shame.

Marie eyed the approaching shadow-walker warily. _I like this guy, he's my kind of demon. Nice and plainspoken._ She smiled faintly at him even though in this situation they might just end up fighting.

"You, lady, who are you? No way an angel would just happen upon this hideout and then knock at the door without being either crazy powerful or recklessly stupid."

Marie's smile widened. "You're smarter than the rest of them. I'm Marie, and I only became an angel very recently. Actually, I used to be a normal human who worked directly under Satan himself."

The shadow-walker's eyes brightened slightly. "Ahh, now that'cha mention it, you do look familiar. My name's Davook, I run the London Assault Entrance. I didn't get this position by being a bumbling idiot either, though I tried not to do any hard work. Actually, I've seen you before. I never forget a pretty face."

"That's touching. I don't know you, but if you know me, it makes both our lives easier. I need to get in touch with Satan. Tell him to come here so I can speak with him."

Davook chuckled. "No can do, sexy. Just 'cause I recognize you doesn't mean I trust you. Also, if you're not who you say you are and I call the big guy down here, he'll tear me to pieces. Not acceptable. I like my head where it's at, thank you very much."

Marie groaned as she stared him down. "Come on, work with me here. I need to get in contact with Satan somehow. Hell, if you give me access to a mental-transmitter, I can get in touch with one of my other contacts. They'll verify my identity."

The strange nasally sounding shadow-walker rocked back and forth on his heels for a moment as he glanced from her to his men and back again. "Haaah, this is a pain in my ass. Get in here, first of all, and stop standing out there in the hallway. I'll let you borrow mine, but I need to tap in to hear what's being said as well. Security reasons."

Marie's smile broadened dramatically. "I like you, Davook. You're a man after my heart. Much smarter than the idiots I've dealt with so far." She stepped inside and swung the door shut behind her quickly, noting with interest that it locked itself and the magical barrier reintegrated after a few moments to seal the door.

"Cheh, no kidding. I'm the brains of this operation. Come on back to my room, and let's get this over with."

"Sure thing. But if you touch me, you're dead."

"Already figured as much." Davook grumbled to himself as the two made their way back to his private quarters.