Part 202a - CryoTek

I walked inside the CryoTek building, as a male receptionist turned to me.

"I'm Participant #8." He nods at me as he enters my information into the computer.

"Do you have your ID card on you?"

I nod back as I pull it out of my back left pocket. After he examines it he ushers me towards one of the lobby chairs.

I take my seat and look around. I've been here before, and I don't mean last week. All of this is just... too familiar.

As I'm sitting there, a half hour passes, and a man enters the building and looks around. He appears well dressed, in a black suit and tie. He turns and spots me, his face displaying no emotion. In a dozen steps, he's standing right in front of me.

"Excuse me, are you Jason L. Hiro?"

"Uh, yeah. Why do you ask?"

The man whips out an ID badge from his back pocket for a moment, too quick for me to get a good look at it, before he quickly puts it back. "I'm Agent Terrier, I work for the SPF. I need you to come with me."

"SPF? I've never heard of you guys."

"Of course you haven't. Come with me quietly, or we'll have to make you come by force."

I step up and nod quietly, as I glance outside and spot a black van with "Larry's Cable Servicing" stenciled on the side in yellow. Real inconspicuous, guys...

I follow the agent out as he beckons towards the van. Against my better judgement, I step inside after the door opens. Three other men are inside, and one of them pats a seat attached to the back door. "Get in, and buckle up."

I pause. "I have an appointment in three hours at CryoTek. Am I being arrested?"

"Son, you _wish_ you were being arrested. Sit down. Now."

I nod quickly as I plunk down on the lightly cushioned seat. What the hell is going on?

...................................................................

I'm about to miss the appointment at Cryotek now. Fuck. That was my only chance to escape this hell. And what do these men even want with me? They've been totally silent the entire time, staring forward blankly. It makes me so uncomfortable.

Finally, after three and a half hours of bumpy driving down concrete and gravel roads, we pull into a dark alley and they make me get out of the van. It's still daylight outside, probably 11 AM or so, maybe noon, but the alley is pitch black.

They usher me inside a building, through some bland, dark concrete hallways, and through a door. We arrive in a pure white room, one with an observation window and a flat metal table with some metal chairs.

I'm not going to lie, this looks exactly like an interrogation room. The window is a one-way mirror, meaning I can't see through it, but whoever is on the other side can see me. There's a camera in the corner of the room, it turns and follows me around as I sit down.

...

Half an hour passes, as I either sit on the cold, metal seats, or get up and pace around the room. I don't even have a cell phone with me or I could at least play games... or call for help. Ah, who am I kidding? I have nobody to call.

Finally, after those agonizing thirty minutes, the door opens, and a woman walks into the room. A beautiful young lady, maybe about four years older than me. She gives me a warm smile. "Jason, thank you for your patience, we were just reading up on your... file."

She beckons to a chair, as she and I both sit down across from each other. "My name is Marie Becker, and I work for the SPF, or the 'Supernatural Protection Force', as it were."

I nod at her quietly. Supernatural Protection Force? What kind of stupid name is that? "Hello, Marie... what's this all about?"

She pauses as she stares at me quizzically for several moments. "Jason, I don't know if you're playing dumb, but we detected the energy signature at your residence."

I stare at her blankly. "Energy signature? I don't follow."

She trains her eye on me carefully. "Yes. The spiritual energy readings were off the charts."

Now it's my turn to give her the stink-eye. "What are you talking about? Spiritual energy? Supernatural Protection Force?! Did I get abducted by people from the loony bin?"

She sets her jaw squarely. "Look, Jason. I'm trying to be nice here. Our algorithms show that there was a 95% chance that the energy was centered directly on your mattress. It had to be you, unless you were sleeping with someone else last night?"

I blush slightly. "Ah, no, I was alone."

"Right. Alone." She glances back at the mirrored wall and shrugs before looking back. "Do you seriously think we don't know you're hiding something? You're looking at worse than prison time if you don't come clean."

My jaw is about ready to flop down at this point. What the hell is this bimbo talking about?! Why am I even here? Why is everyone acting like I'm some weird monster or alien or something?

I fold my arms back and lean back against the chair. "I'm not speaking any more until I see a lawyer."

Marie eyes me for a few moments, before she breaks into a sneer. "Cute. I hate to tell you this, but you don't _get_ a lawyer. You're in one of the many Black Facilities hidden across the USA. Nobody's coming for you, and even if they knew where you were, we wouldn't let them have you. Not until you explain to us what that mysterious energy signature was."

I almost feel tears starting to well up. "I don't know! I have no idea what you're talking about!"

Marie rolls her eyes. "Fine. You want to play this game? We'll play. Guards. Take him to solitary."

Guards enter through the door, cuffs in hand. I panic as I see them coming for me. "No, no wait! Please!"

Just as the guards reach me, I scream at the top of my lungs. " **STOP!** "

And, suddenly, everything in the room stops. I step back in fear, realizing that somehow, in some way, I've made time itself pause. Then my chest pounds for a second, and time resumes. The guards are on me in an instant, tackling me to the table as they bind my hands behind me.

"No! No please! This isn't fair! I don't want to be locked up! PLEASE!"

Nobody listens to me, as the guards lead me out of the room. Just before I pass the door, I catch a glimpse of Marie's face, as she eyes me with even more suspicion than before.

...................................................................

After the door shuts, Marie turns and walks up to the window. "Marshall. Get me the security camera footage. Now."

_There's something I saw, but it couldn't have been real._