Part 291a: Lance

When we arrived downstairs, I noted with a glance downwards that Amelia was feeling uneasy and guilty towards Ricky, but he was completely oblivious. I observed Ben glancing uneasily out the window as Ricky babbled excitedly about how badly he wanted to be a Hypersuit Commando. The kid's excitement, while amusing, was also not the sort of thing Ben really cared about at that moment.

Sounds of destruction could be heard in the distance, and Ben didn't like having to babysit while his men were being killed on the frontlines. A quick glance at the casualty reports scrolling on the far side of my HUD told me what I needed to know; this battle was not going well for humanity. We were losing badly.

Ben's unease seemed to slip away slightly when he saw us walking down the stairs. "Good. You're done having a chit-chat session. I need to get back on the field."

I shook my head. "No. Not yet. Ben, Amelia and I are going to return to the battle. Take this kid back to the evacuation zone, then return here."

Ben gawked at me for a second before reigning in his shocked expression. "Judicator, I know you're an important asset to humanity, and one who has helped us greatly against the Volgrim, but you're not my commanding officer. Not anymore. I can't leave my men out there to die while you and the..." He paused as he glanced down at Amelia. "...You know, actually, this is bugging me. What the hell is this little girl made of? She was fighting on par with us battle hardened warriors as if she were wearing a Hypersuit... yet she wears no suit herself. What's going on here?"

I swallowed, having expected this question. "That's classified information. Amelia is... a... test subject. Only, err, children can accept the treatment. I can't go into further detail."

Amelia stared ahead blankly, resisting the urge to cock an eyebrow at my blatant lie. Ben eyeballed me carefully for a few moments. "That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard. Why would the military put children in harm's way?"

He paused for a moment as he sighed and glanced back out the window. "Judicator... I'm going to believe you. Unlike some of the other higher-ups, I still trust you. I was able to live a long life, tearing across the battlefield thanks to your hypersuits. Because of these suits, an otherwise ordinary man who might have died, all those years ago, was transformed into an unstoppable juggernaut. But you had better watch yourself. Your antics are causing... divisions. I hear a lot of whispers, lately. I'm your ally, but your list of friendlies is dwindling by the day."

I nodded slowly as he spoke. To be honest, it was an alarming statement. I was so insulated from the rest of humanity. It made sense, I suppose. I could see how many might blame me for the attacks on Earth. I still wonder if my Mothership didn't advance the Volgrim threat on Earth decades earlier, as they saw us as a threat. They might have otherwise judged us as primitives, and passed us by for another hundred years or so.

"Thank you for telling me that, Ben. And thank you for trusting me. I'm just trying to protect humanity, the best that I can. As well as my friends." I tilted my head down at Amelia and she looked away from my gaze.

Ben shrugged. "Whatever floats your boat. I'll be back shortly, don't get yourself killed."

Lifting the boy up in his arms, he quickly ran out the door, using his suit's mobility to quickly race away at normally inhuman speeds.

Left behind by ourselves, Amelia shuffled her feet awkwardly as she slowly stared at the ground. "So, what now?"

I set my jaw grimly as an explosion was heard in the distance. "You're going to throw me."

She looked up at me quickly. "What?"

"Like a lance."

"Huh?"

...................................................................

"Oh. That's what you meant."

We stood on a rooftop looking down at a raging battle in progress. Three hypersuit commandos had their hands full battling just one Dragoon. While they fought, a platoon of regular human and Volgrim infantry were engaged in a vicious battle, blasting one another with hypersonic shotguns and plasma rifles. Many shots missed, but plenty didn't. For every Volgrim downed, two more came to take their place. They were like a swarm of locusts, pouring in from an unseen void in the distance.

There was probably a portal in a nearby building or off in the trees in the distance. I couldn't perceive one, but it had to be there. Even if I closed and sealed it off, how many more were there on Earth? The situation was rather dire.

"So... how hard do you want me to throw you?"

Amelia eyeballed my entire body as she grasped just what she had to do. Considering I towered over her, at nearly eight feet tall, compared with her four foot frame, the idea would ordinarily be absolutely ridiculous. Of course, I had originally planned to use Ben for this attack, but Amelia would work just fine. This wasn't a normal situation, as she was easily as strong as my hypersuit when it came to pure physical power. There were few that would honestly rival her, Samantha and myself being the only ones that popped into my head immediately.

"Use everything you've got. I'll course correct on the way using my boosters. I'll only have a split second, of course, but that's all my suit needs for something like this."

Amelia blinked slowly as she cricked her neck. "All right. Get ready! I'm going to enjoy this!"

As she suddenly perked up, I had a stupid thought come into my mind. _You're making a small mistake._

Oh well. We have to take these robots out. I stiffened my body as she easily grabbed me by my stomach and took aim. "Just to warn you, I don't know how good my aim is."

I said nothing in reply. My heart was pounding really fast. Turning off my speakers, I spoke to my AI. "Centurion, make sure we course correct to smash right through the center of that thing. Activate Phase Mode immediately after being thrown, deactivate the instant we arrive inside."

"AFFIRMATIVE, PILOT JASON HIRO. CALCULATIONS IN PROGRESS. CALCULATIONS COMPLETED. YOU MAY LAUNCH WHEN READY."

I swallowed as I activated my speakers again. "Do it!"

The instant the words left my mouth, Amelia gently tossed me forwards, with the force of ten thousand tsunamis crashing into a skyscraper at once. My mind had no time at all to perceive the movement my body had just made. I went from her hand into the ground behind the Dragoon in the blink of an eye, my body smashing into the ground with such force that a massive shockwave erupted outwards and my vision went pure white for a few moments as my mind reeled from the impact.

My mind swam for what felt like an eternity, but was probably closer to a few seconds. As I came to, I noticed that it was all dark around me. Blinking quickly, I struggled to move, realizing that I was actually buried underground.

Struggling mightily, I used my suit's sensors to figure out which way was 'up' and which way was 'down' as I burst out of the ground, glancing back to see an insane sight; the Dragoon had practically evaporated. My HUD showed that my suit had taken nearly ten percent systems damage all over and my inertia dampeners had barely compensated enough to prevent my body from being totally shattered and rebuilt as a pile of Jello.

But the Dragoon... a few portions of legs were scattered here and there, and the fighting had ceased as Volgrim and human alike shifted their eyes around warily, trying to figure out what the hell had destroyed the Dragoon in the blink of an eye. The humans were the first to return to their senses, guessing that it had to be a friendly that took out the mechanical monstrosity. Whooping for joy, they began to surge forwards as they started lighting up the Volgrim with hundreds of hypersonic shotgun bursts, some even using explosive shells with no regard for the environment around them. Feeling the tables turn, the Volgrim began to beat a hasty retreat, laying down cover fire as they quickly hustled their way backwards into the foliage in the distance, well past the 6 foot tall wall that indicated the perimeter of the city.

As for me, I flopped down onto my behind in stunned silence, as I took in the sight of the fragments of the Dragoon that was left over. I was also feeling a bit dizzy due to the impact and a decent amount of damage my body had taken, but that was for the most part the lesser of the two reasons.

Amelia came bouncing over to me, giggling all the way. I was glad she was enjoying herself, but I didn't like that she was taking a perverse delight in my suffering.

"You flew so fast! I didn't even know I had that kind of throwing ability in me! I should be pitching for the Yankees or something!"

I sighed as she laughed and hopped around. At least one of us was having fun.

Still. This was just one battle among many. There was much to do as of yet.

...................................................................

Vasily Sokolov, commonly known as 'Stonewall', listened carefully to the man on the phone. The man sounded American, judging by his accent. Considering the parasitic aliens had wiped the Americas off the map with a cowardly act of mass destruction, Stonewall was surprised someone was making a holo-call from that area. The trace had turned up positive for a match in what was previously known as North Dakota.

"So you are saying the aliens have access to magic, da?"

The holographic image of a man concealed in shadow nodded slightly. "Yeah. Magic is real, and that human that you call 'Judicator', he has access to it. We suspect that he traveled back in time using it. We know he is the first person who contacted the aliens, and he conveniently had advanced technology that allowed us to fight them on mostly equal terms. We also know that he has been in contact with other parties, parties who don't care so much about the good of humanity."

Stonewall nodded, as he reached over for one of his favorite vintage Cuban cigars. Lighting it with a torch he always kept burning just behind his chair, he took a few long drags. He simmered quietly as he fought to contain his rage.

That spineless weak bitch, Beatrix, she was allying with 'Judicator', or rather, 'Jason Hiro'. But he was allying with foreign powers from another planet, the damned aliens. Stonewall hated the aliens. But he had always hated Beatrix too. She had humiliated him too many times, first by stealing credit for the Final Defense of Earth, when in fact it was this man on the line who had saved the lives of humanity's citizens, and then later when she was appointed to lead the entire military might of the United Earth Forces.

She didn't deserve the privilege. She was a traitor.

Stonewall let out a long breath of smoke as he let those thoughts simmer in his mind. Finally, he spoke again. "The aliens have to go, Silva. You would agree, da?"

Silver nodded. "Yes. I have completed the work that the Fuhrer never finished, well over a century ago. This is it. Type 3 Energy is ours to use." Silver held up a small vial as he shook it around for Stonewall to see. A glowing white liquid sloshed around, its color seeming to indicate a sort of holy purity.

"If the serum is so good, why you not use it before? Why you even bother to ask permission?" Stonewall examined it carefully, the little he could see of it in the holographic image. It seemed like too good of a deal to him.

"It's not perfect. It's merely as good as it gets. The serum has side effects, and the side effects increase dramatically depending on certain traits the participant might possess."

"Side effects?" Stonewall leaned back in his chair. As expected, it was a faulty product. It was flawed and likely wouldn't work. Too bad.

"Yes. The problem is, it relies on personality traits and many other factors to determine what abilities a person gets. It can cause many issues, such as mental psychosis and other... defects. After all, the Fuhrer himself, when he was desperate, he..." Silver paused as he remembered the diary entry that Eva Braun had written on that final night. Horrifying. "...Well, that's not important. What is important is that we know who it will work on and who it won't. If you supply us some men, we'll screen them. We _will_ have a counter to the one who calls himself our savior. All I'm asking for is your cooperation."

Stonewall nodded slowly as a small grin spread over his face. "And what if some hotshot goes and makes big mess? You are ready to clean up, da?"

Silver nodded quickly. "Oh yes, indeed we are. The anti-energy weapons are always ready to be turned on those who would betray us."

Stonewall turned and took another puff of his cigar, glancing down at the picture of his late wife and children on the table in front of him. If he couldn't protect them, then at least he could make sure humanity was safe from tyrants in the sky.

"I will send you men and women. You pick ones you like. I hope to do more business with you in future, Silva."

Reaching down, he clicked off the holo-projector as he leaned back in his red velvet chair. Sighing, he glanced over at the casualty reports. Disgusting. This many had died already? Perhaps when they were ready for a real leader, they would push the stupid woman out of the way and let a man take over.

Because that's what humanity really needed. They needed to fight back relentlessly and crush the invaders, make them regret ever coming to Earth.

Stonewall's smile faded as he thought of the good old days. If only times were simple like they were back then.
