Part 265a

Three angels and a god stood in the middle of Central Park, in the finally rebuilt New York City, part of the Third Division of Brittannia. Their bodies disguised with advanced magic to resemble the humans they walked amongst, Gabriel, Raphael, Uzziel, and Zeus eyeballed humans as they hovered around on various interesting looking contraptions.

"It's so peaceful down here, on the planet." Zeus mused as he eyeballed a father and his son playing holo-ball with each other in the distance. "You almost wouldn't be able to tell that the humans are causing us no end of grief."

"Five percent." Gabriel followed Zeus' gaze as he spoke. "Five percent of humans are religious now. Mass atheism has reached its peak."

Raphael wagged a finger tellingly. "As I said they would. I warned you... and now drastic measures will have to be taken."

"Yes, yes, we know, Raphael. We're allies, not enemies." Zeus cast a quick glance at the old man who was sitting on a stump not too far away from the memorial of those killed in the Metropolitan Massacre, as humans had come to call it. While the world seemed peaceful now, war was still raging in many places. Rumors swirled of shapeshifters who blended in with human society, and secret underground bases constructed overnight. Even Zeus didn't know if the rumors were true or false, but he suspected their existence was not merely rumor.

"Do we really have any we can call allies?" Uzziel spoke up, her words carrying an aura of doubt. "The humans do not know of our existence, and most of them no longer worship us. The only countries that still pray are those who are continuously ravaged by the Volgrim, the third worlders. The first world countries have all but abandoned religion. Even if they knew of our existence, and even if they knew we required spiritual energy to live, would they give it to us?"

Raphael shook his head slightly. "I believe not. And think of ourselves, for a moment. What have we done to aid the humans? We've been bystanders for decades, while they fought both the Volgrim and the demons. What do we deserve, if not scorn?"

"Forget giving us thought energy to survive, we would be lucky if they didn't come to us and rip us from Heaven." Gabriel scratched his back, wistfully wishing he could feel his wings, though they had been temporarily absorbed into himself to blend in with humans. "I think... we need to reveal ourselves."

Zeus jerked his head towards Gabriel. "I should think not! We have other ways we can solve this problem."

"How?" Gabriel jerked his open palm forwards at Zeus. "No disrespect intended, but we're out of options. We're going to have angels dying in masses, soon. There are nearly 500 billion angels in Heaven. We made the resurrection criteria easier to fall into than the criteria for receiving thought energy even was. In order to receive thought energy, humans have to constantly pray and worship... but to be resurrected, they need only pledge allegiance to a god or an angel, even if just halfheartedly. Then, if they die, they are resurrected. We don't even have criteria for whether a human is good or bad, nor criteria for if they regularly donated thought energy their entire life."

Uzziel nodded at Gabriel, as she then turned to Zeus. "Face it, my lord. We have to do something desperate. Wouldn't it be better for humans to know of our existence, as we send angels down to aid them in the war? Humans might not only become much more prayerful, they might get some joy from seeing long-dead relatives, which would give us goodwill, but if those angels then die in battle, they will at least help in the war against the Volgrim, rather than simply vanishing into the ether when their energy runs out. It's... it's..." Uzziel paused as she struggled to find the words she was looking for.

"...Less wasteful. That's what you mean, eh?" Raphael glanced up at her with a sly grin on his face. "Sometimes, wisdom takes root in a young and fertile mind, even more easily than an old and worn out one. Zeus, you would do well to heed her words."

Zeus grimaced at the thought. "Well... my original thought was that we might simply have to perform a culling... but you bring up good points. I can't see many negatives in this route. Eventually, humans are likely to find files on our kind and learn of our existence. Better to wait for a good moment and strike at the Volgrim, than to rot and die up here uselessly."

Raphael's grin was replaced with a more careful expression as he kneaded his beard with his fingers. "You know, this presents us quite the opportunity, when you think about it. We could craft a narrative, like 'aid from the gods and angels'. When the next major battle occurs, we will have angels rain down from above and smite the enemy, revealing ourselves while also making a spectacle of our appearance."

"Ah! That is a good idea!" Gabriel clapped once enthusiastically as he mulled it over himself. "If humans start to think of us as ordinary, we will become quite boring in their eyes and undeserving of any special praise or prayer... but if we become a holy spectacle, this would restore their faith in us! This could single-handedly restore the faith of millions, even billions of believers!"

"We have to orchestrate it though." Uzziel used her thoughtful and methodical brain to toss a plan together in an instant. "Instead of aiding in one battle, we should send a million angels down, to all corners of the planet, so news of our appearance cannot be blocked out anywhere. Giving out food to war torn villages, appearing in major cities, and aiding the war effort, all at once! But... then..." Uzziel hesitated as she though of the next part of the plan. "...After that, we should vanish again."

"What? Vanish? Why?!" Zeus felt his annoyance blow up at the thought of all that work and a big reveal, only to disappear back up into the clouds.

"Well, you see, it has to do with this idea I learned from the, uh... video games..." Uzziel's voice quieted as she realized what she had said.

"...Video games? You mean... you've been interacting socially with that human, haven't you?" Zeus felt the annoyance vanish as a dull expression clouded his eyes. "You shouldn't trust him too much. Jason is a hero, but that doesn't make him a champion of the angels and gods, nor even of the humans. He's as dangerous of an enemy as he is an ally."

Gabriel shrugged slightly. "I trust him, personally. Compared with all the past heroes, his power seems limitless. He still hasn't told me what his abilities are or how they work, but he appears to have many abilities. He's cloned himself, made Mars livable, fought Satan one-on-one and survived..."

Zeus sneered. "Precisely. You don't know what his abilities are! He's the first hero to ever not reveal himself to us immediately, nor to explain in detail how they work. He hasn't even sought training with Raphael to enhance his abilities! He's a fool."

Uzziel rolled her eyes slightly. "I disagree. Listen, about what I was saying... if we reveal ourselves, but stay in the presence of humans for a long period of time, they will grow comfortable with us, and our mystique will vanish. Jason does this himself, only appearing among the humans once in a while, leaving them to fight their major battles."

"He has turned himself into a godlike figure, who only appears when the battle has become impossible to win. He understands that heroes are not the solution, they are simply a tool to improve humanity itself. He explained to me that he learned the idea from horror video games, where you only see monsters for a split second, causing your mind to imagine them as much scarier than they actually are. If we can turn this around and use it ourselves, we can reveal ourselves, lose some of the lesser angels, and bolster our spiritual energy input from the humans!"

Uzziel was talking quickly, and she seemed quite excited by the idea. Zeus didn't seem to buy it, but Gabriel and Raphael had already decided it was worth giving it a shot. Zeus sighed. "Fine, fine. I think if we're going to do this, we need to think of the ramifications more carefully, so I only say you must draft a full plan within the next year or so. If you do that, I will consider it more carefully."

"Excellent! I can't wait!" Uzziel smiled cheerfully as a human woman and her dog walked past nearby.

Uzziel's smile faded as she watched the humans milling about in the park. "I don't want the humans to be killed off. I have a fondness for their species."

Raphael raised an eyebrow at her words as he watched her staring at the father and his son putting away their holo-projectors. "You don't say..."