Part 028:

"I will go with you." A lizardman from a small distance behind the king spoke. He was a head taller than the other lizards. Still tiny, but among them he was noticeably large. "I am Kar, the fearsome and great warrior. Among my people, I bear the blood of the Crocodiles from our distant ancestors."

The king nodded vigorously. "Kar is a mighty warrior, he has slain many foes with his powerful spear. None will protect you on your journey as Kar has to our kind." Several nearby lizards reached over and whacked Kar on the back. "Protect the fleshbag! Our protection goes with you!" With the special vision granted me by the Crown of Solomon, I noticed that his energy level was rising. His comrades must have given him some of their energy to infuse his own. They can do that? Good to know.

That was three hours ago. Kar now totters along beside us. I feel sick to my stomach though. I have eaten far too much chicken for far too long. I've been in this Labyrinth for almost three weeks now. Three weeks of nothing but chicken. I'd eat anything else at this point. I eyeball Kar. I wonder how he'd taste roasted? Considering his diet... probably like chicken.

Yet for some reason, Amelia and Kar love it. They devoured the chicken like it was the best food in the world. Amelia said something uncomfortable about how she wished it had a lot more blood in it, but I just pretended not to hear. This place is weird. Everything is weird.

Hoarhiim sighs in my mind. I realized neither he nor Blaarjiim had spoken during the entirety of the confrontation with the lizardmen. "That was lucky. We almost were killed."

Huh? Killed? "What do you mean?" I ask him. "You don't mean the lizardmen do you?" I glance over at Kar who was speaking with Amelia on the subject of being a great warrior, something he was intimately familiar with. She appeared to be bored by the conversation.

"Yes, the lizardmen. One small misstep and you could have gotten us killed." Hoarhiim quietly chided me.

"I lowered my voice so Kar couldn't pick up on my words. "They don't seem that scary. Aren't you being a little wimpy, for a deity Lord of Light?"

Hoarhiim glared in my mind. "You're still a naive child, despite the power you possess. You truly know nothing of this place. The Lizard King is one of the most powerful beings in this labyrinth. He's far above my own level, even with my power condensed like this. If you fought him as you are now, you would lose."

I stared at Hoarhiim blankly. "He's like a foot tall. How could he possibly be a threat to me?"

"Size matters not in this place." Hoarhiim mentally wagged his finger at me. "The moment you underestimate someone here, that is the moment you will die. Don't you know anything about the hierarchy here?"

I paused for a moment. Come to think of it, I didn't. I know there's lords and kings, but that's really all I know. "No, I'm still new to this whole thing."

Hoarhiim sighed again. He was doing that a lot lately. "Listen well. There is a strict hierarchy here, enforced for the last few millennia. First there are monsters, then ruling above those are lord-class monsters, such as me, and above us, there reside Dukes. Above Dukes there are Kings, and the final tier is Emperor, but there only exists three Emperors so that makes them a fairly rare monster. The one you could have enraged is a King class, and the King of Scales possesses many unknown abilities, since his people are reclusive. Furthermore, everyone of his same caliber or lower who has challenged him in fair combat died brutally, as did all of their companions. To top it off, he and his people eat the remains and clean up the battlefield so in the last few thousand years, nobody has had any idea what his abilities even are."

I swallow. This labyrinth is a scary place. I felt mighty before but with this knowledge, I'm dropped down a few pegs. That means most of the monsters I've seen so far, including the one strapped to my waist, were of the bottom two tiers. And I'm only the second tier with my own power as it is now. Except...

"Wait, Hoarhiim. What about Solomon's Crown? Combined with your power, does that make me still just of the Lord tier?"

Hoarhiim nodded. "Yes, and while my power is condensed thanks to my current form, you having a legendary item makes you an upper-tier Lord. You're certainly in the top ten, but don't get too cocky. There are thousands of Lords in this labyrinth. You're nothing special."

I feel crestfallen. Thousands, huh? I have a lot of competition. I wonder where Beelzebub falls in the rankings. He has to be number 1, right? I mean, he's a mythical demon spoken of in the bible. It's silly that he's even just Lord class.

But no matter. We must move on. "Hey, Amelia, Kar, are we ready to go?"

Kar nods vigorously. "Of course, great turtle! We are ready for anything you ask us to do!"

Amelia nods much less vigorously. "Sure, yeah, what he said. Just don't let me get dirty alright? I rather like this dress."

I smiled and nodded. Next stop: That big door at the end of the hallway. Time to get some answers.
