Part 123: Unbridled Rage

" **FATHER!!** "

A voice boomed under Mount Olympus, as Hercules smashed a door out of his way with a fist, the door barely staying attached to its hinges, flying open and impacting the wall like the sound of a mountain collapsing reverberated throughout the deep.

"We have been BETRAYED!" Hercules stormed up to the altar in front of his father's throne, bowing quickly before standing up straight again. "This is incredible! My forces were wiping out the demons, and Gabriel... he was making my men miss their attacks, jerking their hands out of the way, he made my men die!"

Hercules breathed rapidly as his anger flared through his nostrils. Zeus opened his eyes as he ceased his meditation. "My son, surely you jest. Why should the highest gods allow one winning a war so effectively as you, with zero casualties, do something to prevent your efforts? What reward would they stand to gain?"

Hercules breathed hard as his mind raced. "Jealousy! They are jealous that a lowly demigod would be able to win where they could not before!"

Zeus nodded. "Yes, hm, I can see how that might be the case." He gripped his hands tightly as a bolt of thunder started forming, something that always happened when he started getting angry. "But it wouldn't explain sabotage. Think carefully, what else do you know?"

Zeus was doing what he usually did, soothing others when they annoyed him. However, Zeus himself had a very volatile temper for those that had offended him. He was a proud and haughty god, one who only did something if it was worth doing.

Hercules slowed his breathing as he let his rage somewhat subside. His mind still raced a thousand miles a minute, but his visible anger decreased noticeably. "Hmm... father... I have heard rumors, regarding you. I have heard that the other gods think of you as an angry child who hides in the deep. Perhaps, by bringing me down, they intend to bring shame to you and lower your position among the members of the Ten Highest?"

Zeus' eyes flared. "Oh? So they intend to betray the both of us? What fools. While they drink and celebrate, I have been down here, increasing my powers from the very heat that forged this Earth. The Core has given me powers in secret, powers that will give me my deserved position among the gods. I will topple that haughty, arrogant fool who calls himself my father, and your grandfather. And you, my son, will finally receive what you have always deserved."

Hercules nodded, his anger finally having washed away. "Worry not, father, I will find proof of this treason, even if I have to wring it from the throat of every god and angel I encounter."

Hercules pounded his chest with his right arm as he quickly bowed and made his way out.

Zeus stared at his son as he left. _That boy is a mighty son, but I must be careful, lest he overtake me someday, as I soon will my own father._

Zeus quietly laughed to himself, as he sat in the darkness, alone with just his thoughts that he had obsessed with for an eon.

...................................................................

Satan and his demons stared at the map laid out in front of them on the Great Table. It showed the entirety of the known world in the immediate 400 mile surrounding area, with a single spot marked with a big red circle.

"You're certain of this?" Satan rubbed his chin as he looked around the location of the circle.

Barbatos bobbed his head. "Three of our best scouting patrols confirmed it. A darkwalker made it right up to the front before leaving, she was not seen either as far as we know."

Satan chuckled. "Of course she wasn't, the angels are too used to the light to notice something skulking in the dark. So is it guarded?"

Diablo nodded as he walked around. "In a way, it is. Angels and gods enter and exit constantly. There are also two cherubs standing guard inside the doorway, though the darkwalker was unable to confirm the existence of more."

The map seemed to draw Satan's gaze towards the big red circle. A tempting target. But Satan was no fool, he was the brilliant leader of the demons. "We know their hiding place now. Mount Sinai. We don't know what is inside it, but one can only presume the angels must live inside the bowels of the Earth somehow."

A cackling broke out as a few of the generals in the room found amusement in the idea of these high and mighty beings that they had feared for so long were nothing but tunnel rats.

Even Barbatos was not immune to the humorous thought. "Heh heh, dark lord Satan, you know what this means, right? We're fighting winged mole rats!"

Every demon in the room, Satan included, burst into laughter. "The fools sabotage themselves constantly, and they act high and mighty, but in the end they're just tunnel vermin playing god! We will tear their wings off and bury them in the dirt whence they came! Bahahaha!!" Satan roared with laughter as he imagined the face Gabriel would make once they had put him in a human coffin to spend the rest of eternity decomposing in.

The laughter died down after a few minutes as the realization of what they had to do sank in.

"If we want to defeat the humans, the gods, and the angels, we must wait, patiently. We will lose more demons, but when the time is right, we will strike them where it hurts most."

The generals of the room wiped away the tears of laughter and nodded approvingly at Satan's words.

_We will wait_.
