Part 175:

I sat on the ground and watched, as Cassiel and Samantha fought a group of monsters in the clearing ahead.

We've been traveling together for a couple months now, and we're now on a planet run by one of the dukes. It's a hellish world, made of dirt and rock, with a thick atmosphere and barely enough normal oxygenated air to breathe. Luckily, I had solved this by yelling "Oxygen!" at the top of my lungs to make the air safe enough to breathe. A bit of "Filter" and some other words, and just like that, I've practically terraformed an entire planet.

The surface itself though, it is a grim world. I've yet to see any life aside from skeletons that have been reanimated, zombies, orcs, goblins, and even a troll or two. The only life on this world is demon or monster life.

Samantha appears to be having the time of her life. She's incredibly strong, mentally and spiritually, but especially physically. I fashioned her a new weapon after she broke her whip within a week of using it. I think the new weapon fits her personality better.

It's a 14 foot long steel pipe.

She gleefully smashes enemies around, left and right, any who come within the dreaded 'kill zone' as I've started calling it... they die immediately. She almost seems to be treating the whacking off of heads from her enemies as a game of baseball. _Let's see how far I can send their skulls flying!_ That's what her body language says.

As for Cassiel, well, let's just say I've discovered that she holds more power than I gave her credit for. At the end of every day, before we all go to bed together, I give Cassiel all my remaining spirit energy. As a result, she is now holding colossal amounts inside of her body.

She releases minuscule amounts of it at a time when she attacks. Her wings have turned out to be a huge advantage, acting as extra limbs that can pull her forwards or push her back to make attacks hit or miss as she desires. On top of that, when she wants, she can shoot beams of pure light out of her hands, which are very effective at slaying the undead monsters we've been facing so many of recently.

As a joke, I started teaching her how to condense light into a ball in her hands, hold her hands at her side, charge it up, and then fire it. It looks exactly like what you'd expect it to, but it's also incredibly powerful, even against non-undead monsters.

Between the two of them, Cassiel for ranged attacking and healing, while Samantha gets up close and personal, I don't actually participate in battles much. It's good training, especially for Cassiel, who seems to be secretly delighting in the deaths of her previous tormentors. Cassiel is one strange angel, you wouldn't think them to be the sort of beings who enjoy killing.

But that's the thing, isn't it? I've found myself thinking a lot more lately, and having a lot more time to do so, since the girls seem to be such a good team together. Something just isn't right. The fact that Cassiel was implied to not be a 'real' angel, and that she's a reborn human... I thought humans became angels when they died? That's what I was taught in church, when I was a child. Maybe there's more to it. I was also told that bad people will be sent to the pits of Hell, and that may be true... it's just that something always seems wrong, no matter how I approach it.

The other option is that only true believers become angels when they die. Maybe people that follow a certain faith? Perhaps those who attend church the most, or maybe those weirdos that go door to door? Heck, what if it's nothing like that, and it's totally random? Maybe they're chosen based on some latent attributes, like intelligence, or strength, or...

I glanced over at Cassiel....Chest size? That would be stupid. Why would god or some gods choose someone for a reason like that? Then again, I remember reading bible stories of angels that came to Earth to lay with the women of the land... and Cassiel clearly has a sex drive... maybe it's not that farfetched.

Meh, I won't get anywhere thinking about it, or by asking her about it. She seems tight lipped about the subject and never mentions the other angels, or her life before becoming one. One time I pushed too hard and she almost broke down into tears. I don't know what her life was like before she died, but it seems to have been pretty horrible. I'm beginning to wonder if... if perhaps she... committed suicide...

Those are dark thoughts though. I'm also having questions about other things. Namely Samantha. Cassiel seemed so traumatized about everything, and yet with just a little bit of time chatting with Samantha, she seemed to be over it, even moving on to... fun stuff. I just don't see how that happened. I can only conclude it was Samantha's doing, but to what end? Samantha, assuming she had some magical power like that, could have convinced Cassiel to stay away from me, and then Samantha would have had me all to herself.

Unless she didn't want it like that. There's also the curiosity I've felt about her motives... Samantha seems sweet and nice, but she seems to love killing things, far more so than Cassiel or I. Is that her demon side? As a succubus, I think I know a bit about them from the classes I used to take before I got in the cryopod. Succubus exist and thrive off the, erm, _energy_ of men. There also exists the male form, which are called an Incubus. I have yet to meet one of those, but I'm beginning to wonder if anything I learned as a youth about gods, angels, demon names, all of those things... were all of them real? Was every world religion correct at the same time? Is there really no main overarching God?

There has to be. Nobody has mentioned him yet, but the other option would be the theory of evolution. I don't mean demonic evolution either (Which much more closely resembles _mutation_, I might add), I mean the slow and gradual alteration of a species into separate and distinct subspecies over a long period of time. If no creator exists, perhaps gods or angels were the first life to evolve, and they had billions of years to reach a high level of intelligence before other life evolved.

But that makes no sense. Why wouldn't they just destroy the new life? Boredom? They do get bored, and from what I've heard, gods, angels, and demons feel many emotions I would describe as "human-like".

I just can't bring myself to believe that all the fantastical elements of the universe evolved from nothing. There has to be a main God, a Creator, if you will. If I can just-

"...-ero? Are you even listening to me?" I jerked back as Samantha's face was smack dab in front of mine. Good heavens, she scared the life out of me!

"Huh? What?!" I jerked up to my feet, looking all around, as Cassiel and Samantha both stared at me.

"He's daydreaming again. Must be nice, just let the girls do all the fighting, and enjoy the _view_." Samantha rolled her eyes as she waggled her tail slightly.

"I'm sure whatever he was thinking about, it was important!" Cassiel, as usual, came immediately to my rescue. "Hero, we defeated all the demons and monsters! Aren't you happy?"

I nodded at Cassiel and smiled at Samantha. "Good job. Sorry, I was just... _strategizing_ about what to do next."

Samantha feigned disbelief as she licked her lips slowly. "Mmm, I see. Well if it's like that, then I guess it doesn't matter much. It's getting late, so do the thing again."

I quickly pat Cassiel and Samantha on the heads as both of them smiled. "Great job today, girls!" Then I sighed as I aimed my hand at a flat spot nearby. " _House. Bed. Chair. Chair. Chair. Table. Lantern. Blanket. Blanket._ "

Instantly, a cute and quaint little house appeared a few yards away. This has become the new standard for our living. It's like a mobile home, except I can just make it vanish out of existence when I'm done.

The three of us entered, as I erected several layers of barriers and traps, just in case someone ambushed us during the night.

We put on a pot of tea, chatted for a while, and then we all went to bed together, as we've done for the last few months.

Life is pretty great right now.
