Part 403b: The Dark Descent

The hover-shaft continues to take me up, and to my relief, nobody gets aboard with me. This particular shaft stops about fifty floors before the top of the stratoscraper, and those floors are usually reserved for crop engineering and other such things. I learned this thanks to my trusty datapad, which never back-talks me or gives me lip. Ask a question, get an answer. I like that.

The hover-shaft door hisses open, and I'm greeted by two familiar faces. Lora and Marie are standing just off to the side, waiting for my arrival. Lora is wearing a formal uniform, one that resembles what everyone else in this massive building wears to work. It's orange, with black all over the edges and stitching, two big buttons at the belly and breast to close up the outer coat, and a gaudy looking oversized collar that splays out to the left and right several inches on each side. Still, I've seen so many people wearing these uniforms that I've grown used to the design.

Lora yawns and smiles when she sees me. Even Marie looks a little haggard. "Did you two even sleep last night?"

Marie shakes her head. "Barely. This girl is so uneducated about the proper policies of the United Earth Forces that she would be an outright embarrassment to you and me if she were to represent either one of us. What are you going to do with her, anyway? You may not know how things work around here, but at least you have a modicum of sense regarding modern society. Lora is foreign to everything about modern living."

I pull Lora a little closer, and away from Marie. "She's just a silent bodyguard. She doesn't need to be a tactical genius or anything, and I don't expect her to be. As far as customs, she will learn those in time."

The three of us start walking down the halls, and I nod at people who walk past, saluting Marie and I. Marie lights up another cigarette and coughs as she inhales deeply. "That doesn't change the fact that you, especially, have no idea about the current state of the galaxy. If you're going to stand in as a proxy for Jason 12F, I'll need to debrief you on everything occurring in the universe, and that will take a while."

"Hmm." I shoot a glance at Marie slyly. "By the way, I am curious... how many wordsmiths are there in the galaxy? Are we quite common?"

"Not even close. You and 12F are the only ones that existed, and now it's just you."

"Then why do you keep calling him '12F'? Did you think that designation slipped past me? It almost sounds like he's a clone, or part of a freak science experiment."

Marie pauses walking and turns to stare at me with a bored expression on her face, as if this doesn't matter to her at all. "It's the designation of the building he lives in. I live in the same building as he did, and thus you, so that's why my designation is Marie 12F. It's a way for humanity to refer to clusters of humans all at once."

"I don't believe you."

"You can think whatever you like."

She turns back around and continues walking, but now my suspicions are burning up. What she said doesn't even make sense.

"Marie, you explicitly stated that I killed a 'fellow Jason'. That implies there are more like me, and probably clones or something. Do you think I'm an idiot?"

She coughs after taking another puff on her cigarette. "You copied 12F's memories. If I were lying, you should be able to tell. Did he know of any other Jasons?"

I scratch my neck and look at Lora. She shakes her head and turns away. Of course she wouldn't know anything. This conversation should have brought some of the Supreme Commander's memories back to me, but it didn't. If he did know of any other Jasons, mentioning them would have triggered a flashback.

"He didn't. Then again, he also didn't know you called him 'Jason 12F', so that designation might have been a secret."

We round a corner and Marie sends a vicious expression my way. "We're almost there. Keep quiet and let me do all the talking today. You're liable to start a diplomatic nightmare if you shoot off your mouth without thinking."

She ignored my question. Of course she did. That's acceptable; I knew she wouldn't be so forthcoming. She has her secrets, and I have my own. I know where I hid the previous Supreme Commander, after all..

I nod at her words and pretend to accept her orders, but I know this alliance will not last. She's dangerous. I can only hope she hasn't poisoned Lora's mind, or I'll have to get rid of her, too.

We arrive outside the doorway into the conference room, and I turn to Lora. "Stay outside, just stand here at the door. We'll be out soon."

Marie chuckles. "These meetings can take up to five hours. Don't force the girl to stand the whole time."

"She can handle it."

Lora sighs quietly and pulls off to the side, leaning against the door. Marie strides into the room brazenly, as if she owns the place. I walk behind her and stand up a little straighter, and everyone in the room stands up in their seats. "All rise! The Supreme Commander has entered!"

I walk over and sit down, and the two men to either side hold their hands forward. I reach over and shake, out of some preconditioned reflex. I don't know who they are, but my mind fills in their names after a second of me staring blankly. "Uh, Feldmann, Morlis, good to see both of you."

A few other people look miffed, and I realize I was supposed to shake their hands too. Oh well, a Supreme Commander can have off days, in my opinion.

I gaze around the table slowly, taking everything in. The first thing that immediately stands out to me is a man much further toward the end, wearing all white robes. His body glows slightly, and the people on each side have pulled away slightly, either to give him room or due to reverence. I can't tell which. His name appears in my mind, though.

_Zeus._

The king of the gods, ruler of the angels. He exists, and so does heaven. Sometimes I wonder if I'm not still inside the cryopod, suffering under a brain melting delusion. Everything seems so fantastical, and yet here I am.

Zeus has a commanding presence, and people noticeably shrink back as his eyes sweep the room. Everyone he looks at seems noticeably disturbed as if they know he can see the sins they have committed, and he is judging them to Heaven or Hell as a result. His 8-foot frame makes him even more intimidating than I am, and he seems to suck some of the executive power from my title, _Supreme Commander_, with his, _King of Gods_.

Despite this, he seems quite amiable, and he smiles around at everyone before looking at me. "Commander Hiro! A pleasure to see you once again. I hope you don't mind me dropping in, today. I heard you had taken a personal trip into the labyrinth, so I wanted to hear your thoughts on the matter."

"Mmm. Yes." Marie takes a seat directly opposite me at the other end of the long table and shakes her head slowly. _Watch your words._ I don't have to use my telepathy to read that expression. "My trip into the Labyrinth was a little eye opening, I must admit."

A man beside stares at me with an odd expression. "You have seemed a little different since you came back from the labyrinth, or so I've heard." I scan his face quickly and his name pops up in my mind. Steven Feldmann, a mid-ranking officer but one the original Supreme Commander regarded with a lot of hope. In fact, there's even a little bit of personal sentiment thrown in there.

"I saw some things I would rather not talk about." My words make a few people at the table lean forward in interest. "Though I assure you, I will have to at some point. That day is not today."

"Understood." Zeus smooths his long, curled golden beard and regards me with the eye of a deity looking down upon a mere human. He doesn't seem to know about my Wordsmithing, or if he does, he hides it well. "I had hoped we could discuss that arrangement I spoke to you about before."

I haven't a clue what he's talking about. I glance at Marie, and she shrugs slightly. Whatever the discussion was, it was private. "Perhaps later, King Zeus."

"I look forward to your response." Zeus leans back in his chair, and Feldmann takes the lull in discussion to bring up something about blockades in the fifteenth dilithium mining sector or something. I don't know what he's talking about and it goes over my head.

I casually eyeball everyone at the table, and to my disgust I spot Danis, the psychopath whom I revived from the dead, of all the people, sitting here at the table staring ahead stonily. The poor fool hasn't even a drop of emotion on his face, and a few individuals sitting opposite him steal glances at his zombified expression every now and again and seem to mutter under their breaths this and that. Admittedly, I could not have punished him any worse than by forcing him to continue living as a soulless puppet. Yama wasn't lying about him, at least. For Danis to be sitting here at this table, he must be quite the high ranking citizen.

People chatter back and forth for a few minutes, and finally, Steven Feldmann turns to me and smiles casually... perhaps _too_ casually. "So now that you're back from the Labyrinth, have you decided it's time to wipe them out?"

"I'm still debating it."

My response is straightforward, but a hush goes over the table as everyone turns to look at me in surprise.

"R-really, Commander Hiro? I had heard you were acting odd lately, but this... what did you see to make you undergo such a change of heart?" Feldmann gawks at me and others nod along to his question, so I shrug in response, even as Marie almost imperceptibly glares fire at me and shakes her head.

"I'm just considering it. I didn't say I was going to authorize anything."

A wiry looking Chinese man higher up the table and to my right throws his hands up in the air. "A cataclysm must be happening, and I missed it! The Supreme Commander is considering a total extermination of the demonic forces! Am I still dreaming, or are fantasies becoming a reality?"

_General Zhao_. He's revered in the mind of the previous Jason. His sarcasm and lack of subtlety means he comes off as something of a crass oaf, but he has led thousands of incursions into demonic territory. From the bits and pieces of memory I can pull about him, he's been frustrated for a very long time, especially compared to my idea of what a 'long time' consists of... and it's because he hasn't been able to fight the Demons for hundreds, if not thousands of years.

Hmm. For some reason, the previous Jason, and apparently Marie as well, don't want to finish them off. Plenty of reasons why come to mind, but those wouldn't be enough to please someone like Zhao. No, he's a man who has lived through conflict, violence, and war. He loves killing demons, and the scars on his face attest to that. One especially brutal looking scar cuts across his right eye and all the way across the bridge of his nose. It's barely even visible, a sign of how old it is, but it shows that he keeps it to demonstrate his ferocity to anyone who wishes to see. In the age of significant medical advances that created what surely exists today, it's unthinkable that he couldn't have a perfect looking face.

I bet he gets a lot of women.

"You're not dreaming Zhao, but once again, I have decided nothing. Let's not get ahead of ourselves here. I would need to consider tactical options before ordering anything of the sort."

His sardonic smiles vanishes and his jaw slackens slightly. "Are all options on the table? Do I have the authority to eliminate demonkind?"

Marie quickly butts in before I can say anything else. "He isn't, General. Don't get ahead of yourself. We all know the demons are a filthy, violent race, but that doesn't mean we can just exterminate them. Killing off the demons can have unintended consequences to the balance of power in the galaxy."

Feldmann leans back in his chair and mutters something under his breath. All I can hear is something about 'political favors'.

General Zhao scowls at Marie. "Oh, yes, thank you for giving us your opinion, _Head Engineer_. I had forgotten you knew so much about military matters. I'll be sure and consult you in the future."

A woman with beautiful flowing brown hair speaks up loudly, berating him harshly. "Zhao, that's enough! There is no need to disrespect Mrs. Becker. Without her genius, we would never have been able to progress so rapidly during the Galactic Cold War of the early generations. Humanity has gained much, thanks to her contributions. Show respect."

Zhao stares at the woman but doesn't offer a retort. "As you wish." He slumps back in his seat and glares forward at nobody in particular.

Several moments of silence pass before Feldmann speaks up tentatively and manages to get the meeting back on track. While he speaks, I conceal a knowing smile. _Marie is not respected among the people here. She acts haughty, but she seems rather unimportant in the grand scheme of things._

I had assumed she was a key player in the operations of Earth and the rest of humanity, but perhaps I overestimated her reach. Maybe her real power is merely using the previous Supreme Commander to lead her agenda. That would explain why she is so desperate to turn me into a political pawn; a puppet to do her bidding. She regards me in the same way as I do Danis; a useful tool that can be disposed of readily.

But if that's the case, she has much to learn. I'm only getting started. Once I have my bearings about me, and I can understand the situation, I will cease to be a passive follower, and will begin taking charge. I'll be damned if I let others control me, the most powerful god ever to walk the galaxy. Well, I'm not powerful yet, but I will be.

I stare at Zeus carefully and wonder to myself a great many things... but especially, _how much power would I gain if I drained his energy_? The commandos gave me a pittance, but Zeus is overflowing with the stuff.

I flinch as Feldmann pounds his side of the table with a gavel. "That is all for today, everyone. We will meet again next week to discuss other matters."

Oh. I thought the meeting would take hours, but this one only took half an hour or so. I was getting a little bored by these proceedings anyway.

I stand up and glance over at Zeus, intending to go and speak with him, but a tug at my side grabs my attention. Everyone else is already standing up and chatting with each other about menial things, but from the corner of my eye I spot Danis walking toward me- no, ah, past me and out the door. What use does a puppet have for conversations, I suppose?

Another tug at my side and I sigh and look to see who it is. It's Feldmann, and he scratches the back of his neck and stares at me with a look of concern. "Supreme Commander- err, that is, father... are you certain you've been feeling well? You said you went through something in the labyrinth, but I was just curious as to what. I will keep the matter private, if you wish."

"Huh? Father?" I pause for a moment to re-evaluate his words and then I remember. "Oh, right. It's nothing, really. I'm fine, thank you."

There's an odd moment shared between us as he looks at me oddly. I sigh inwardly. He's probably shocked I forgot he was my son. To be fair, I would be too. Not my fault the other Jason had fifty thousand kids.

I don't know what to say to him, and as I start to pull away awkwardly, the door hisses open. There's a _squeak_ outside, as if a woman is gasping in fright, then the unmistakable sound of a violent impact, followed by something heavy smashing against a wall.

I turn to look, and my eyes widen in horror as I spot Lora, her arms outstretched with both palms aimed forward, and Danis, lying in a rapidly increasing pool of blood, his body broken and twisted against a badly fragmented marble wall. Everything clicks into place in my mind all at once. I should have warned Lora about him, but I forgot to do so. Shit, this is bad.

Her hands shake, and her breathing increases as she appears to start suffering a panic attack. I pull away from Feldmann and run to her, gawking at Danis's body and her outstretched palms. "Lora! Did you just- damn it, how could you do this?"

She stares at me, terror in her eyes. Danis must have startled her when she saw him, and she shoved him away with her Herculean strength. Her power probably killed him the instant he hit the wall. Under normal circumstances, I could clean up the blood, remove the body, and re-clone him, but with all these witnesses, there isn't a chance. Worse, it's almost definitely been captured on a camera, so there's no way to hide the evidence.

Feldmann rushes up behind me. "Good god! She killed Admiral Danis!"

"What? Someone killed Danis?" A man from the previous room speaks up curiously, and in an instant the entire room is filled with concern as people shuffle forward to see what's going on, oblivious to the fact that if this were a hit job by a professional assassin, their lives might be in danger too. Humans are always stupid.

Not ten seconds later, a squad of hypersuit-wearing guards comes running down the hall and aim their guns at Lora. "Halt! You are under arrest! Don't make a move!"

Lora turns to look at me, fear in her eyes. _I didn't mean to do it!_ She doesn't have to say anything, the expression on her face says it all.

"You may not have meant to do this, but you did. I'll try and clean your mess up. You just behave yourself for a bit."

Marie shoves her way through the crowd of onlookers and arrives at my side. Her advanced mind takes in the scene and processes everything in an instant. "Stupid girl. We'll have to take care of this later."

"She didn't do it on purpose."

"I'm aware, _Commander_. This girl is far too innocent for that. I'll have a talk with you later."

Lora recoils as the commandos come for her, but I jab her in the ribs with a finger harshly. "Don't resist. Let them take you away. We'll deal with this ourselves. You need to reflect on this failure."

Her shoulders slump, and she nods, allowing the commandos to put a strange collar around her neck before leading her away, down the hall.

"What's with the collar?" I whisper to Marie so the others can't hear.

"A pacification choker. I invented it myself. Suitable for neutralizing prisoners and rowdy miners."

_Miners?_ I want to ask but decide against it. I already understand what its purpose is.

As I watch them take away Lora, the human I've been closest to since arriving, Steven Feldmann walks up beside me. "Who is she? That must have been one hell of a punch."

"She _was_ my bodyguard. I'll find out what happened later."

He recoils in disgust as he looks down at Danis's body. "I know you and Danis were close. The two of you would always chat after meetings. I'm sorry this had to happen. Even so, can't say I'll miss him."

I smirk just as Steven looks up. "I was never friends with that piece of filth. He was a savage, disgusting predator. In the end, he got what was coming to him." I nudge away one of Danis's hands with my boot. "Turns out you can't dodge death twice."

"Huh?" Steven looks at me questioningly, but I walk away from him.

"Nothing. You wouldn't understand."

.................................

Amy sits on her bed and sighs as she stares around at her barren apartment. Only a dresser with a few articles of clothing, a few nutrition bars for the morning, and a portable purifier for water sit on top. The rest of the room is vacant, just like the hole in her heart.

_This is the last night I spend here, then. Took them an entire month, but it's official now. I'm no longer an upper-class citizen._

She wipes at her eyes, though no tears are forthcoming.

_I just wanted to stop that demon. Why can't they bend the rules? Why did my entire squad have to be punished?_

Her tears won't fall, though she wishes they could. She's killed too many people, so crying isn't becoming for one like her.

She finally raises her head to the wall, as the sun shines in through the window just barely lighting the room. It'll be night-time soon.

_Just have to suck up my pride. Either I take a blow to my ego, or I live in the Lower-class district for the rest of eternity. I can't possibly choose that life._

"Jacob. Call my daughter. Call Sarah Gutierrez."

The computer in her room beeps. "There is no Sarah Gutierrez in your registered contact list. However, I do have 125,043 other possible listings for that name."

"Right... sorry. She changed her name. Of course she did. Her name is Sarah Hiro now. Just... call her, okay?"

"You have one name in your contact listings. The last time you dialed this number was three hundred sixteen thousand, nine hundred and fourteen years ago, seven months, six days-"

"Yes! Just dial the number, for god's sake."

The computer silently fills her request. A pleasant beeping tone fills the room, and thirty seconds pass. Just as Amy is about to hang up, a sweet sounding voice answers. "Hello! Who is this?"

A young woman's face appears on screen, her long blonde hair being unkempt as if she had just gotten out of bed. The bathrobe she is wearing merely adds to that theory in Sarah's mind, and a man is sleeping with her on the bed, but Amy can't tell who he is from this angle.

"Oh... Sarah, sweetheart. It's me. Your mother."

Sarah's cute smile fades away. "Huh? Mother?"

"Yes! Your mother, Amy Gutierrez. Come on, dear. I know it's been a while since we talked, but surely you remember me."

Sarah shakes her head slowly. "I don't know if this is a crank call or something, but you're not my mother. I think you have the wrong Sarah. It's a common enough name!"

"Huh? No, baby. Come on, I know it's been about three hundred thousand years, but we're family! Listen, I'm just calling because I wanted you to know that your husband... Jason... he made a mistake. He disbanded my squad and-"

"You have the wrong number, ma'am." Sarah's smile is gone. "I don't know who you are, but you're weird. Keep looking, and I hope you find your real daughter, okay? Okay. Buh-bye."

The video cuts off, and Amy stares, mouth agape, at the screen.

After a minute, she flops around and lies on her back to stare at the blank ceiling.

_Oh. Sarah doesn't even remember me. No wonder Jason didn't know who I was when he let me go... she never thought to bring her mother up. I just don't matter to her._

Amy tilts her head slightly to look out the window.

_They're gone. All of my kids are grown up, Jorge is in Heaven, my squad is being sent to the lower levels just as I am... this is my reward for hundreds of thousands of years serving the United Earth Forces. This is all I've earned._

Her mind drifts over to the plasma pistol in her jacket, the one she has to return in the morning as her final act of military office. All her medals are being revoked, all of it.

_I could pull the trigger. There's nobody left who would miss me. I'd be doing the galaxy a favor._

Suddenly her wall beeps. An incoming video message request.

Amy jerks back up on the bed, her heart suddenly racing. _Did she remember? Sarah?!_

She hardly has to give the order. The screen springs to life, and immediately her feeling of joy vanishes. Onscreen is a familiar face, one she hasn't seen in a few hundred years.

"General Feldmann. So glad you called me."

"Miss Gutierrez... I'll cut right to the chase. I heard you're being evicted."

"Yeah. Housing privileges are being revoked today, actually. I have 6 more hours in this place."

Feldmann holds a carrot in his hand and he shows it off to the camera. "Listen, I know you've always been headstrong about your commitment to the military, but they tossed you on your ass. I warned you this could happen."

"You did. I didn't listen." Amy reaches up and massages her left shoulder lightly. "Sorry."

"What have I always said? One door closes, another opens." A slight pause as he swallows audibly. "Danis is dead."

Amy's blood chills in an instant as if she were being blasted with liquid nitrogen. "Danis? Admiral Danis? How could he have possibly died?!"

"I'm not sure. We're looking into it. Seems my father, the Supreme Commander, brought back a woman from the Labyrinth. A few of my guys have brought me back an interesting report from the entryway scanners. She's 15% Goldeshian."

"What? Goldeshian? But..."

"They're all in the camps? That's what I thought too. If nothing else, I always knew Danis was a fuck-up. I just didn't think he'd bite it this hard thanks to a monster he had a hand in creating. The woman who killed him, I barely know anything about her, but she has a lot of strength."

"You'd have to be strong to leave the work camps. Stronger than me."

Feldmann chuckles and starts chopping the carrot up. "No, I mean like she's _really_ fucking strong. She killed Danis by shoving him against a wall. Standing position. She didn't even put any effort into it. Oh, and get this, my dad said she was his bodyguard."

"He sure knows how to pick them. I don't think I'd want to fight her." Amy leans forward and back, rolling slightly on her butt as she fidgets. "So what's this about? If you have something to say, I'm all ears."

"I've been trying to get you to work for me for a long time now. Private pays better than public, that's my motto."

"Can you get me into good housing? At least middle class?"

"I can't promise anything. I pay based on results. But I'll get you out of your current problem at least. I'll put a temporary pause on your move. That'll give you a few months, but you'll have to do _me_ some favors in the meantime, understand?"

Amy bites her lip, but there's no hesitation. "Fine, I'll do it. You're too nice to be manipulating me anyway. I know what you did on Goldesh."

"Yeah? Let's keep that on the down-low. You never know who's listening in on these calls."

He pauses for a moment before continuing. "Oh yeah... my father shit-canned you, right? He's been acting a little weird since he got back, so, sorry about that. Didn't even recognize me at the meeting today... really odd."

"This was before he left."

"Oh. Well, it still sucks. I want you to know that there are still people out there that remember what you gave up. It's not easy doing the right thing, but even if everyone spits on you, never lose that pride. You earned it. Alright?"

"Yeah. Thanks, Steven."

He slides the chopped carrots into a pot beside him. "No, thank you, Amy. I'll be in touch."

"Sure thing."

The video feed clicks off, and Amy sighs heavily.

_Well, now I have to bring all my stuff back in here._
