Part 169: Fated

Satan stared ahead at the man before him. Physically, he appeared to be 35 years of age, but as a demi-human, looks could be deceiving.

A terrible bright yellow aura rippled off his body. And... in his left hand, he held a fantastically bright orb. "Devil, leader of the demonic race, this will be as far as you go today. I will put an end to you, and kill all of your kind."

Satan eyed the bright white orb. "The Beacon of Life, eh? The gods must be serious about this to trust a mere demigod with it. Even with its power though, do you think yourself invincible?"

The demigod's eyes narrowed as his jawline set itself. "Not invincible, but strong enough... strong enough to kill _you_."

Satan chuckled quietly. "Kukuku... a child playing with a weapon he knows nothing of. But you know... I've already defeated a wielder of the Orb of Death, do not think that this will be enough to stop me."

Hercules twitched, as he suddenly rushed at Satan, his right fist moving with uncanny speed. Without saying a word, his punch smashed into Satan's jaw, sending him spinning rapidly as he tumbled sideways through the clouds. Hercules charged again, this time pulling out a flail with a spiked ball and chain attached. He swung it towards the spot that Satan was at, but missed as Satan's invisible limbs pulled him out of the way. To Hercules, it appeared almost as if Satan had simply been yanked out of the way by an invisible force.

He quickly glanced around. _Does he have an ally with telekinesis nearby?_

Before he could finish the thought Satan righted himself with an odd movement, and dashed towards Hercules, his body erratically moving left to right, as if being pulled along by multiple unseen forces. Hercules yanked back his flail and swung it around himself in circles, but it was a slow and clunky weapon, easily evaded by the swift demon.

The demon lord once again called thunder down from the skies, as the blast arced itself at the metal flail in Hercules' hand, causing him to drop it and stagger back in pain. "Bastard!" Hercules quickly shook it off though, as he healed himself using the Beacon in his hand.

The devil pulled himself towards Hercules, one of his invisible limbs grabbing onto Hercules and causing the man to stagger forwards as something unexpectedly gripped him. _What the hell was that?!_ Hercules swiped at the weight on his shoulder, but his hand passed through whatever was there.

Satan grinned evilly as his eyes flashed red. _What's this? The Hero seems to be confused!_ He jammed another of his limbs into the ground, as the one attached to Hercules yanked the demigod at Satan with tremendous force. The movement caught Hercules off guard as he stumbled forwards. Before Satan could get close enough to finish off the youth, an arrow blasted into his own chest, causing Satan to stagger forwards in pain. Hercules grabbed into the ground, jamming his foot down to stop his momentum.

He quickly glanced backwards to see Diana, the one he had thought he killed in a single blow, nocking another arrow as she aimed at him. However, now that he knew it was coming, the instant she fired the arrow, one of his limbs intercepted it in midair, smacking it harmlessly out of the way. An expression of shock passed over her face. "Mother of Hera! How in the gods-?!"

Satan quickly turned back to Hercules as his hands cast a spell, granting defensive autonomy to two of his invisible limbs. They would protect him from threats without him having to do anything else. _It's okay, eight more limbs is still a large number to fight with._

He glanced down at the arrow rammed into his gut. _She's a worthless shot, she missed my heart by inches and only nicked a lung, I can still fight with this. If she were a demon of mine, I'd behead her for being so pathetic._

Satan had one small problem, however. He lacked healing abilities. Or at least, he _had_ lacked them. One of the angels appeared to have a remarkably strong healing ability that he quickly discovered in his mind. _Perfect_. Using one of his immaterial limbs, he reached around, yanking the arrow out in an instant, as his regular arms healed himself.

A quick thought came to his mind, as his arm held the arrow, he gave it a light flick, sending it flying at Diana. In an instant, before she could even react, it impaled her in the head, killing her instantly. _She'd better not get up from that one._

Hercules watched in horror, as Diana was killed by a single stray thought from the demon in front of him. _This monster! I have to defeat him, at any cost!_

Hercules pulled a rock out of his pocket, a small thing, weighing only a few ounces, just big enough to fit into the palm of his hand. With his unbelievable strength, he hurled it at Satan's chest. The rock flew forwards at three times the speed of sound, bridging the fifty foot gap or so in an instant, but it somehow was deflected by something unseen, flying off to the side, missing Satan by inches, and smashing through the cloud cover in the distance, ending in a resounding _BOOM_.

Satan chuckled. "Is that it, _boy_? Throwing rocks? Swinging your big chain around? A bit of punching, even? You're just a big strongman brute. Even your colossal strength, far dwarfing mine, is no match for me if you can't hit me with it. What is with you strong-man types and never using your head?"

In the blink of an eye, Satan was in front of Hercules, as the demigod gasped in surprise. He tried to rear back to swing his fist, but his strength suddenly vanished, as something appeared inside his chest, ripping his heart out before he could even see it.

His heart floated in front of him, in midair, as he fell to his knees.

"As all of them have been, you were _unworthy_." Satan sneered as the youth slumped in front of him.

Hercules, feeling his last moments were upon him, did something unexpected.

He laughed.

"Ha... haha... you demonic fool... kuh... haha... I am the first of many. The ritual is already complete... when I die... my spirit will pass on... I will haunt you even in death... kuh haha...."

Satan grimaced. "Laughing at me as you die, eh? Enjoy the chuckle. I'm going to kill your daddy now."

With a single movement, Satan crushed Hercules' head in his hands.

The first Hero, savior of mankind, wielder of the Sacred Light, Hercules, was dead.
