Part 141

I spoke with Colonel Cody and got a good explanation of my plans over to him with some drawings and sketches. Cody eagerly devoured the knowledge.

"This... this won't just win the war, this will be a crushing victory."

I nodded. "I know. If I weren't so stupid, we'd have done this sooner."

Cody waved it off. "You're not stupid, not at all. Maybe you were naive, but you learn from your mistakes. As for Phoebe..." He glanced away from me in embarrassment. "I didn't know her, but... I hope you can find it in yourself to forgive yourself."

Cody glanced over at Cassiel, then back to me. "You're actually in a um, a pretty good position right now, you know?"

I sighed. "Yeah, if you say so."

Cassiel was chatting with Saul and the demon girl I'd noticed from earlier. I thanked Cody for his time and left him with my sketches, walking over to Cassiel and the other two.

Before I'd gotten within ten steps of the group, the demon girl licked her lips again as she saw me. Making a less than graceful exit from the conversation, she made a quick movement and suddenly appeared at my side, her left arm twining around my right arm. "So, _you're_ the big strong man they call God King, hmm?"

Immediately, alarm bells went off in my head. _Danger! Danger! Red Alert! Warning!_ "Y-yes, but just, uh, call me Hero, for short."

She licked her lips again as her eyes scanned my body up and down once again. Good lord, I'm not the greatest with the opposite sex, but it was _slightly obvious_ what she wanted.

And then I happened to notice Cassiel staring over at us intently, blushing as the scantily clad demon lady rubbed herself all over me.

The demon girl winked over at Cassiel, something my infinite vision wanted badly to not have noticed but did anyway. "So, how do you feel about succubus girls, hmm? My name is Samantha, but for men I like, I have a secret succubi name reserved just for them."

I swallowed hard, as I could feel Cassiel's stare boring into me. I tried to gently pull away from Samantha but she wouldn't let me go. "Ah, that's great! You seem like a..." My infinite vision carefully noted her bulging chest and incredibly tiny amount of clothing. "...very sweet girl."

Cassiel quietly walked over to me and looped her arm inside mine. "Oh Samantha, it was... good getting to know you. We do need to head home you know, _Hero_ has had a long day today." She put heavy emphasis on the word Hero, which reminded me that this was the name she had heard me using at first.

Samantha finally unhooked herself from me, her face looking all pouty. "Well, Mr. _Hero_, if you ever want to have a little fun, you just hop on by and give me a call, okay?" She blew a big kiss at me, and I felt Cassiel squeezing my arm very tightly. My face must have become an inferno of red. I was nigh close to teleporting out of there.

"Ah, yeah. N-nice meeting you, S-Samantha..."

She giggled as she pranced away. _Holy shit_ she wears a tiny amount of clothes. Isn't that against military protocol or something?!

Cassiel stared straight ahead, wordlessly staring at a wall, as I could almost feel a psychic vision glaring daggers of ice at me. I might be interpreting the situation wrong. I hope I'm interpreting it wrong.

...

As we walked home later that night, I blushed. "Ah, I'll have to set up a bed for you when we get there. Just give me a minute and I'll carve out a spot in the house, okay?"

Cassiel, her arm still tightly locked in mine, shook her head slightly. "No... that won't be necessary. We can just... share."

I swallowed hard at her words. "Ah... I see."

I'm just... inept sometimes.