Part 466c - Prophet

"Hey! Ylvusk! Why not play a game of Sticks and Bones, eh?" Smealum waves at me the moment I step into the dining hall. I'm a little surprised at how quickly he noticed me, but then, members of the Animus species are unusually good at telling individuals apart by their auras alone. He may have seen me through the walls long before I showed up.

"Sounds fun," I mutter dryly, as I slouch forward and meander toward his table. "Any good tosses today?"

Smealum shakes his head and glances at Torlok. "Didn't you throw down a decent Dryad earlier?"

Torlok nods. "Aye. House rules are bothersome, though. Too luck-based for my taste."

I slip past Smealum and plop down on the seat beside Torlok. Somehow, since his evolution traces back to shadow-walkers, he feels more familiar and like kin than the Animus. I like both of them decently, but secretly my goal is to reach Torlok's level of power and authority someday. Well, at least it would be if I cared about that stuff. Tvoorik is way more power-hungry than I am.

"I don't want to play for any stakes today. Let's just do friendly games."

Smealum raises an eye. "Oho, how very unlike you. I heard the new Second Emperor sent you and Tvoorik on a special mission. How'd that turn out?"

The Mahja Sticks fly from my hand and spread over the table, and the bones follow after, revealing a disappointing Sprite pattern. "It went surprisingly well. We ganked more than twenty fleshbags, but apparently, only eighteen of them died. Still, the panic worked out in our favor, as Emperor Beelzebub predicted."

I feel Torlok's gaze settle on me for a few moments. "You sound disappointed."

"Only a little. I dunno, it feels wrong, using knowledge of the humans' defenses to strike them from their rear flanks. Not very honorable." I pause for a moment as both of the high ranking demons stare at me. "Also, I kinda hoped it wouldn't work. That Beelzebub pisses me off for some reason. Can't put my finger on why."

The Eldest Animus grabs the Mahja sticks with his right hand and the bones with his left, and tosses both out at once. The result ends up being a double-headed fire-snake. Could be worse. "Honor, huh? I've never heard you talk like that before. Since when do you care about honor?"

Torlok exhales audibly. "The humans know nothing of honor. They torture captured demons for information all the time. Beelzebub told us about what they do to the females, and how they ravage them. I say an eye for an eye is the only way to fight the fleshbags."

My teeth grind silently at the mention of more of Beelzebub's tales. "Several demons have returned from living with the humans and told us about how kind they were. I bet the 'Emperor of Flames' is lying."

"I think not," Smealum says, as he shakes his head. "Not only did he walk among them, but he also lived in the castle, among their highest ranked leaders. Beelzebub has seen more than the average demon on the streets of 'Hero City,' so naturally, he'll know more than them."

" _So he says._ " I roll my eyes at where this discussion is heading. "Anyway, it doesn't matter for now. You guys can think he's fine all you want, but when he screws up, don't say I didn't tell you so."

Torlok grabs the Mahja Sticks for his turn and ignores the bones. He gives them an absentminded toss, but they land in the Sprite pattern, just like mine did. "Where's Tvoorik? I thought he'd be with you when you got back. Don't tell me he was tired and went to take a nap."

Glad that we're changing the subject, I force a toothy grin out. "Nah. He's having a secret meeting with the new Emperor to discuss a mutation. He's betting that with luck, he can finally evolve to Oracle."

At the same time, Torlok and Smealum both contort their faces in disgust. Smealum shudders. "Why would anyone want that?"

Torlok laughs in spite of himself. "It's _Tvoorik_. He never thinks things through. There's a reason only two or three demons are ever Oracles at any given time."

"Yeah. It's because they're all part of the _conspiracy_," I say, while waving my hands in the air and sneering. "It couldn't be because becoming an Oracle is the worst thing to which a demon can aspire."

At those words, Torlok pauses for a moment, and I spot a strange look of emotion in his pitch-black eyes. "You know, there's a unique mutation a Shadow-walker can achieve. Nobody knows how it's done, since only one demon has ever achieved it."

Smealum nods, a knowing look in his eye. " _Shadow._ The purest form a demon can become, to join with the darkness. You're referring to Yama."

Torlok bows his head. "Yep. It's a shame what that Hero did to him. He had so much potential, and now he's gone - never to be seen again." For a moment, it almost seems like tears are welling in his eyes, but Torlok quickly shakes them off. "I still remember when I saw Davook after his transformation. He was always a grouch, a loner, but the way he was tortured by a human, it must've broken his mind. He killed a hundred humans, maybe several hundred, all in a single night. After his transformation, he was never the same. He 'n I barely ever talked after that. We used to be best buddies, just like you and Tvoorik."

I nod along with his story. "That must have hurt, losing your friend like that."

The Mahja Sticks shift around as Torlok pokes at them aimlessly. "I never blamed him. It's all the human's fault. They're worthless fleshbags who will do anything for a cheap thrill. That's why I like the new Emperor. Diablo was too soft; he didn't treat the humans like a serious threat. Beelzebub knows how dangerous they are, so he'll take every precaution to scare them as much as they do me."

This revelation makes me squirm uncomfortably. "You're scared of the humans?"

"Certainly. You weren't alive during the Energy Wars, but Smealum and I were. We saw what humans in power could do... the monsters made of metal they could fashion from the salt of the land. The only thing scarier than a human is a smart human, especially once they return to their bloodthirsty roots."

To his credit, Smealum offers an objection. "Humans are terrible, but if you want to talk about being 'bloodthirsty,' demons love the taste of blood. We aren't that much better than humans."

"I disagree," Torlok says. "Demon society is more structured. We know our roles, and we have the ability to climb the ladder of power. Humans give the title of 'ruler' to sons and daughters of former rulers, instead of those fittest to lead. It's always about favors and lining their pockets with scraps of paper. I may be the Duke of Shadow, but humans have me beat when it comes to the skulduggery to which they're willing to sink. Truly, they are the purest creatures of darkness."

Nodding along with his words, I grad the Mahja Sticks and give them a toss. At this point, none of us feel like bothering with the bones. It isn't a match for stakes, anyway. "Oh, the All-Seeing Eye pattern. That's rare."

Torlok's eyes widen in surprise. "Impressive. While not worth many points, I can say with certainty it's been several years since someone threw the Eye pattern. You must have luck and fortune in your near future."

Half an hour passes, and after several more games and light-hearted banter, Smealum's eyes flick over to the entrance. "Hmm? There's an aura approaching. It's Tvoorik, but... I think he mutated, after all."

Our previous conversation now forgotten, all three of us turn in unison and stare at the doorway. After several seconds, Tvoorik appears.

He's different. Even I can sense that his energy has changed somewhat. It's more chaotic now, but there's something else... he's increased in height by almost a foot, and his ears are pointy, sticking out from the sides of his head like the antennae on a cockroach. The top of his head bulges slightly, as if his brain has increased in size, and his skin has lightened significantly. Tvoorik has shifted away from the Shadow-Walker tree of growth and into the Oracle branch, giving his skin a darkened olive-color. Coupled with the change in clothing, that of black robes... he almost seems a little intimidating.

Tvoorik touches each hand's index finger to his thumb, and fans the rest of his fingers out, almost in a meditative position. Instead of walking toward us, he hovers an inch or two off the ground, and his eyes stay closed as if he can sense the world around himself without the need for vision.

"Aummm..." Tvoorik hums softly as he glides to us, and I realize with a start that he isn't like any Oracle I've seen before. One major difference is his hair, or rather, the lack of it. Oracles tend to mutate very long, fast-growing hair, but Tvoorik is bald now. As a Shadow-walker, his hair was more akin to wisps of black smoke slowly hissing from his head, but those gaps have been sealed.

He comes to a stop before us, and slowly opens his eyes. "Hello, my friends. How are you, on this fine day?"

Smealum stares in stunned silence for several moments, before finally gathering his wits.. "We're fine. What about you? You're very different from the last time I saw you."

My friend's voice is soft and quiet, as though he were trying to put a spawnling to sleep gently. "Yes, you are correct. I have mutated, as per Beelzebub's generosity."

"To... Oracle?" Torlok almost whispers the words. "You don't look like any Oracle I've ever seen, and I know most of them."

"That is due to the unique circumstances of my mutation," Tvoorik says. His enunciation is very proper, and he's not speaking the way he always has. Did his mind change, as well as his body? "I have not evolved to an Oracle, but a unique species, the first of its kind. I am a Seer."

"What's a Seer?" Torlok asks the question all three of us want answered. Around our table, other demons turn to look at Tvoorik, and whisper to each other about his mutation.

"It is an extraordinary form of Oracle. It grants me the ability to not only know all and see all, but also to glimpse the future, uncertain though it may be. A powerful mutation, deserved by one such as I. With my new abilities, I will eventually poke and prod, peeling away the veil of deceit that governs demon society. Soon I will-" He pauses, and for a split second, his left eye spasms, but returns to normal and he continues talking. "Soon I will learn the secrets of the universe and-" Tvoorik stops talking again, and his eyes grow unfocused as another spasm makes both eyes twitch this time.

I squint and examine him more carefully. "Uh, are you okay?"

He doesn't answer, and eventually lowers from hovering height to land on his feet. Even more eye-spasming follows, and he reaches up to cup both of them with his hands. "Auooo... devil's sake... this agony..."

Torlok exhales a breath he had apparently been holding. "I see what's going on. You had me worried for a second, acting all high and mighty."

"Shut up! It fucking hurts!" Tvoorik screams all of a sudden, bellowing at Torlok in a shocking display of rage that makes all three of us jerk away from him. "Every devil-damned second, I hear ten bazillion idiotic voices whining and moaning in my head! I can barely hear myself think! Who thought this mutation was a good idea?! Satan the Devil, this is the worst thing I've ever done in my life! What good is knowing everything if you can't get a second's rest?! I want to gouge my fucking eyes out and crush my head under an orc's foot!! Aaaaaahhhh!!"

My eyes nearly bulge from my head as he finishes his rant, and pants like a wild hellhound, eyes darting between all three of us at the table. I've never seen such a display of anger in my entire life.

Tvoorik thrusts his finger through the air and points it at me. "You knew! You knew becoming an Oracle was a major pain in the ass, but you let me do it anyway, all for a cheap laugh! Now I'm stuck in this stupid shitty mutation until I can gather enough souls to evolve! What the hell, I thought we were best buddies?!"

I didn't know this would happen. I'd heard stories about Oracles who went insane from all the information, to the point where even a mutation to remove their abilities wouldn't restore their minds, but this is on a level I never expected. "I'm... I'm sorry, Tvoorik. I didn't realize this would happen. I thought you were smart enough to realize it was a bad idea."

"Are you joking? I can read your mind! You know damn well I'm an idiot! You should have told me no!"

Slowly, I hold my hands up to calm him down. "That wouldn't have worked, and you know it. If anyone tells you not to do something, it just makes you want to do it more. You would have seen me telling you 'no' as proof that I was part of a conspiracy."

For several seconds, Tvoorik's nostrils flare in and out as he looks at the Mahja Sticks on the table, a look of disgust on his face. "Curses. You're right. I'm such an idiot that even reverse-logic won't work on me."

In all the time I've known Tvoorik, he's never called himself an idiot. In fact, he always thinks of himself as a genius, misunderstood by everyone around him. For Tvoorik to insult himself like this, it drives home the realization that he's royally screwed up. He's frantic, desperate, even.

"Look, I still have the souls I collected. If I ask Beelzebub, I'm sure he'll allow you to mutate again, but you'll have to wait a few weeks so there aren't any ill effects."

Before Tvoorik can consider my generous offer, Smealum coughs into his fist. "Ah, that won't work. He's a unique species. Once you enter a unique path, you can't ever leave it. It's a huge privilege and a gateway to power, but if the new species is lackluster, you're stuck with it."

Tvoorik lows his head and leans forward, resting both of his hands on the table. "I knew you'd say that even before you thought of it yourself. I'm doomed. I should kill myself now."

"Don't be melodramatic," Torlok says, as he rises from the table. "Most Oracles can't handle all the mental pressure from so many thoughts and events entering their brains all at once, but you might be the odd one out. It'll be overwhelming at first, but a few Oracles have grown to enjoy the torrent of information, even learning to sift through it. You should find one of the other Oracles and ask for their help. Hell, you can probably communicate without going anywhere near them."

This seems to cheer Tvoorik up a little bit. "Yeah, maybe you're right. Maybe there's a spell someone knows that can make my mind less chaotic. I dunno. Ohh... I need to lay down. My head hurts real bad."

After whining for a few moments longer, Tvoorik stumbles away from the table, unable to maintain his hovering anymore. The exhaustion on his face is infectious. I'm feeling tired just from watching him.

"I think that's enough Sticks and Bones for today. I'm going back to the Alcoves. I'll see you guys later."

Smealum nods. "Take care of Tvoorik. I feel bad for not warning him sooner. I didn't expect things to turn out like they did."

"Nobody did," Torlok says, correcting his friend. "Becoming an Oracle takes a toll on the mind. I can only imagine what becoming a Seer will do to him... not to mention what he said about seeing the future. I hope he was joking."

As I start to walk away, I muse out loud, "I wonder if demons will ever rule the galaxy again?"

That damn Tvoorik... now he's opened up Pandora's Box.