Part 173:

Satan and Belial stood together in the dark, as they faced their patriarch, the father of the demonic military's might, Leviathan.

Leviathan, now having a third person who knew of his existence (Though he had been informed of the killing of Lucifer) had seemed to be growing restless as of late. He tired of being stuck underground.

" **...Satan. For too long you have pretended to release me from this place. I have waited for over a hundred years as you failed to bring me proof of the excavation... and now you seek my power again? Do you think me a fool?** "

Satan and Belial bowed before him. "My liege... I will admit that as of now, we have not taken any steps to free you..." Satan spoke hesitantly. "But, I realize now that I was in error to not do so. My people need your power now more than ever."

The great dragon rose up to his full height as he heaved a mighty sigh; black flames spouted from his mouth as he exhaled deeply. " **Satan, I have given you vast powers, a keen intellect, minions to control, and the ability to fight and kill your oppressors. Yet still, you have not given me the one thing I desire. Why should I help you this time?** "

Satan paused, as he thought of a hasty response. "I... have no real answer. I just need your power to create a safe space for my kind, in our own dimension of sorts. After that, I will be able to free you from this prison."

The dragon sneered. " **Lies. Always the lies... I will do you one last favor. I will give you the power that you seek, but if you should come here again, if you should think of taking more of my power without holding up your end of the bargain, I will bring you a swift death. Now... take it and BEGONE!** "

The dragon's eyes glowed pure white for a second as he transferred a miniscule amount of his power to the puny demons below him. Their bodies almost exploded, due to how much energy he had given. They writhed on the floor in agony, and yet eternal bliss, as their powers grew exponentially.

After a few minutes, they stood up again. Satan was now a High Devil, and Belial had evolved into something... wholly unseen before, completely unique.

They both quickly bowed, and thanked the black dragon. "When next we see you, we will be sure to free you. I promise you that."

The dragon waved his front paw at Satan. " **Get out.** "

...................................................................

Horses neighed in the distance, as the small child ran for her life. _They killed mommy and papa, they're monsters!_

It had been a few weeks since demons reappeared, ransacking her small village, as the militia were called into action to fight back. Swinging their swords and shovels, they managed to beat back the monsters, but at the cost of many lives.

The young child had managed to survive, but her mother was slain by a scyther, and her father had lashed out in anger, killing the demon with his bare hands. It was an unbelievable feat of strength that earned him praise from the village.

But without his beloved wife, the man didn't care. He only had his one daughter left, both of her brothers were at war with the people of the East, and the village was attacked daily by their raiders.

_Babylon_. A rising city in the north-east, which had seized upon several means of expanding its population and growing its military. They sent raiders, professional military units, and other such things to attack and cow the surrounding areas into submission.

One of those units had finally destroyed her home, and her father was slain in his bed. Only by hiding and fleeing had the child managed to escape their wrath.

Tears pouring down her face, she hurriedly raced towards a nearby mountain range, covered in tall grass and trees, a thick forest cover protected her from view. But the riders in the distance knew they had not killed everyone in the city. They had seen a single child escape, and their orders were to kill and burn everyone alive in the name of the great Nur-Adad, ruler of Babylonia.

The child fled as the horses drew near. They had to search with their eyes, as tamed wolves were not available to any yet but the rich and wealthy. The child cowered in fear as she reached a sheer wall of rock, her escape totally cut off. _No... no they're going to find and kill me... just like they did my mommy and papa..._

She chanced upon a strange spot in the wall, where a heap of rocks seemed to have been piled there in a pathetic effort to cover up a passageway. Quickly pulling them out of the way, her heart leaped for joy as she discovered there was a hole hidden there. Yanking the rocks out of the way, she climbed in, closing it up behind her.

The men outside were yelling something in their native tongue, one she could not understand. But she did notice that the voices seemed to be getting closer. Her small body easily fitting inside the large tunnel, she quickly made her way deep down inside, leaving the voices behind her.

_It's dark... I'm scared... I can't see a thing!_ The girl thought to herself, as she quickly but carefully moved down the tunnel. It appeared to constrict the further she went, but her body was still small enough to fit. The voices were finally so distant she couldn't hear them any longer, but she still kept climbing down. _I will likely be killed and eaten by a bear, but so long as it is not those demons or those people outside, I will not care!_

Finally, she stumbled into what felt like a much more open room. She could see nothing as it was wholly pitch black inside the room, but her heart thumped in her chest. _She was not alone_.

"Is... is... someone... there?" Her voice almost cracked as she squeaked in a timid tone.

At first, nothing happened. Then she felt a quiet rumbling, as something ahead of her, _something massive_, seemed to rumble only a few yards away.

And then, that something _spoke_. A deep, thunderous voice, one that appeared to speak quietly, as if to match her volume, yet it contained an ominous edge to it.

" **Hmm? You are neither Satan, nor Belial. Certainly not Lucifer. What is your name?** "

The little girl, hearing this monstrous voice, yet not one filled with animosity, strangely felt her fear dissipate. "My name... it's Amelia. Amelia Greyheart."
