Part 114:

Aaron rubbed the spot on his chest as his breath came in ragged gasps. He was too old for this. Having fought demons for 40 straight years of his life, he didn't have the strength to fight at full power anymore.

He gripped his signature sword with his right hand, as he rubbed his chest with his left. His shield had been torn out of his left hand minutes before and lay broken in half mere feet away. Aaron wheezed and coughed as he faced down the monstrosity that towered before him.

_Satan_.

This demon was the leader of all of them. Satan was the one who commanded behind the scenes and directed his minions where to go and how to attack. Having evolved beyond the form of Oracle, he now left that work to others and fought directly on the battlefield itself, reaping massive spiritual power from his foes when he slayed them.

Satan licked his lips in anticipation of the power he would soon gain.

"King Aaron, a pleasure to see you, as always. How is your father? Is he _ahead_ of the curve?" Satan grinned as his pun made Aaron glare at him in rage.

"Vile demon! It was you that killed my father, wasn't it? I have heard your name spoken of in screams of agony by demons we've captured and tortured. You are the leader of these foul monstrosities, so if I kill you, then..." Aaron grimaced. It wouldn't be easy to kill Satan. Even in a fair duel, Aaron was old now, much weaker than in his prime when he had been crowned king of all humans on Earth by Gabriel himself, while Satan was a highly evolved demon, far above the others of his kind. To top it off, there were hundreds of cackling and grinning minions standing at the sidelines of the throne room, waiting for the moment to strike. It was hopeless.

Satan stared unemotionally at the ant before him. This human had been a thorn in his side for too many years. "You've delayed my inevitable conquest, human. For that, you will pay. I have killed all your guards, your wives, and all your children as well. Your family line ends here, as will you."

Aaron staggered to his feet as he faced the monster in front of him. Satan towered over all humans, standing a massive 9 feet in height. Even Diablo and Lucifer were small fry compared to Satan's almighty power.

Aaron quietly chuckled, and Satan perked his ears up as he wondered what the human was thinking. "Heh heh... all my children too? You are truly a demon. Attacking the innocents who have done nothing to you. But... there is one you know nothing of. A grandchild."

Satan nodded thoughtfully as he evenly kept his expression neutral. "Oh? You have a baby hidden away somewhere, then? Thank you for the information. I'll be sure to kill it before the next moon rises tonight."

Aaron laughed. "Ha... haha... you can't kill him. That child is protected by those you fear most. He is not a baby either, he is a stout young man, the kind of man my own father had wished me to become. Even when you strike me down, he will become more powerful than you can possibly imagine. His power will eclipse my own."

Satan smiled and brushed off Aaron's words with a wave of his hand. "Strong words, for a weak old man. Humans were created as a joke, a weak parasitical bunch that only wish to rape one another, rape the lands, rape their enemies, and tear everything to pieces. You think we are monsters? We are only fighting to end the tyranny of your kind."

Aaron grimaced as a spasm of pain swept around inside his chest, and he coughed mightily. "We seem to be made to suffer. It's our lot in life. You demons may think you're fighting the oppressors, but you are no better than we are. Even if you kill all the humans, you will merely take our place as the devourers of the world."

Satan stood up completely straight, rising to his full height as he cracked the joints in his 7 fingered talons. "Ah, humans. Experts in wordplay, failures on the battlefield. I will kill you now, so I hope you've _prayed_ to your gods to come and save you."

Aaron shook his head. "I am old now. I do not wish to be saved. If I must die, dying on the battlefield is an honorable way to pass. But I will leave you with a single warning, _monster_. My grandchild is unlike any human you have faced before. He is the combination of a great bout of experimentation. He is the one who will destroy all of your kind. If I am considered a strong human, he will be known as a God. He will force you to your knees in battle and you will beg him for mercy, but he will have none. You killed everyone in his family, and he will kill everyone in yours."

Satan nodded as a wicked smile sprouted on his face. "Excellent. I like that spirit. You will be a satisfying way to end my day. Given your accomplishments on the field of battle, I will honor you with a single question. What is the name of this child you are so proud of? I wish to know before I meet him on the field of battle."

Aaron's pained expression disappeared as a grin took over his face. " _Hercules_. Remember his name, and let it haunt you in your dreams, for your days are numbered. He is the son of one of my daughters and a god from the heavens, a bastard child conceived in secret. But of all my children, he is the one whom I have loved the most. He is the only one left, and someday, when you face him and he defeats you, he will be known by a title none before have been named. _Hero._ "

Satan cocked an eyebrow. "The gods must be getting desperate. Demi-human bastard children? The frailties of a human diluting the power of gods? I'll be lucky if he lasts five minutes against me in battle. But I will remember our conversation. You may take that with you, to the grave."

Aaron nodded. "So it was written. So it shall be done."

A minute later, Aaron, the first of the Great Kings of old, was struck down by the foul leader of the Demons. He came to be known as the Great Unifier, for his ability to unite all people of all colors and creeds together in solidarity against their greatest enemy. None after him were able to achieve this. However, his legacy shaped the will and life of generations of humans after him.

But his grandson would be the one to change everything.
