Part 369a - Refuge

"This is unreal. It's bigger than the Moon." There are only three people on the bridge, and Amelia is the one speaking now. "Way bigger."

"Look at the composition of the planet... it's made entirely of metal." Sensei pulls up a scanning log and I raise an eyebrow.

"Is that a fucking Death Star?" How original. The aliens created an artificial planet half the size of Earth. And since it has its own propulsion system, it must have traveled here for a purpose.

"This is what it comes down to. The future is repeating itself." Sensei bites down hard on his lower lip. "If... if that's going to be the arbiter of our destruction, isn't it here too early? We can't merely be repeating the past! The Earth wasn't supposed to be destroyed until the 24th century!"

"I don't know. Maybe we're not remembering the dates correctly... it was so long ago. I can't remember a conversation from a hundred years ago."

Amelia turns and gawks at me. "Are you kidding? You have wordsmithing, Jason. Just make yourself remember."

Oh. Right. Duh. " **Remember.** " I mutter the word to myself as our ship blasts towards the massive Mars-sized planet. It's half the size of Earth, twice the size of the moon, and colossal no matter how you slice the cheese.

A few moments later I blink my eyes and turn to face Sensei as I finish reviewing my memories. "We _are_ forgetting some details. That conversation with OMEN... all he ever told us was that his expedition set out in the 24th century." My tongue catches in my throat, as I feel a lightheaded sensation pass over me. "He also said... Earth was already in ruins. He never said Earth was destroyed in the 24th century."

"We were wrong. The whole time." Sensei's wipes at his eyes and I realize a few tears had just slipped out. "Shit. We were completely wrong. We thought we had all but exterminated the Volgrim... unless they had someone with Wordsmithing helping them, there's no way they built something of this size in a few decades. This was built before we destroyed Volgarius. There must be billions of Volgrim still alive."

Harold speaks to me in my mind. "Kid, I can't scan the inside of that metal planet at all. I got no idea how many Volgrim might be in there."

"Just keep trying, Harold. We'll figure something out."

I start to say something else, only to notice Amelia is staring at me oddly. "Harold? Who's that?"

Sensei suddenly has an _oh shit_ look on his face. I realize I do too. "Nothing, I'm talking to myself. I'm-"

Something hits me. Why have I been keeping Amelia in the dark about Harold all these years? Why? We've been together for decades now. We trust each other. She considers Harold's wife to be a mother to her, yet I made Helen swear to secrecy about his existence.

Why... why? Why am I keeping her in the dark?

Because... I... I didn't want her to know about the existence of the orb of light and the orb of darkness. In the future I come from, Amelia knows them intimately. But... Hoarhiim isn't in the orb. Harold is. As for the black orb, I haven't even seen it... but is Blaarjiim inside of it? If he is, but Hoarhiim isn't inside the white orb, what does that mean? What if he _isn't_ in the orb?

If Amelia finds out about their existence, does that mean the future becomes more likely, or less likely? I don't know... I don't...

There's only one way to find out.

"Sensei, you take the lead here. I have to show Amelia something."

He immediately pales in the face at my suggestion. "You're joking, right? We've got ten seconds to contact with the Volgrim Death Star thing."

"You're smarter than me anyway. Deal with it."

He straightens up at my request and shrugs. "Yeah, guess I can't fault that logic."

"Knew you'd see it my way." I take Amelia's hand and start to walk out, but Sensei's yells at me.

"Hey! Original. Thanks for believing in me."

"Technically, isn't it just believing in myself?"

"Shut up and take the compliment, smartass."

I shoot him a hurried smile as Amelia and I leave the bridge.

.................................................

Nufaris smoothed his uniform's collar down. It was important to look regal, especially when they were about to deliver the death blow to humanity. Still, he was not unmerciful. All they had to do was agree to his terms and their end would not come.

An ensign made a fist and raised it at a forty-five degree angle without turning around, meaning the human strike force from beyond the eighth planet had just arrived and the hail had already been sent.

It barely took three seconds before the massive viewscreen on the bridge shifted to show a human face staring at all of the Volgarians. Unlike Nufaris, his shirt had a few patterns of wetness here and there, and his face was somewhat moist. _Perspiration._ Nufaris gloated to himself about how the human must be nervous, very nervous indeed, if he were this frightened.

"Jason Hiro, Supreme Commander of the human's defense forces. I will make this succinct, as time is of the essence. Surrender now, and I will spare humanity. You must agree to a full and total dissolution of your defensive forces and provide reparations in exchange for all the trillions of Volgarian lives you ripped from the universe. Failure to comply will mean the destruction of your homeworld and the fourth planet in your solar system via our ultimate weapon, Refuge."

"Uh... Jason Hiro... right, me. Okay. So you're going to fire like a giant laser at my planet and vaporize it? I assume that is your plan... you understand that if you destroy Earth, there won't be a new planet for you to settle on, correct?"

"Not in this solar system. There are millions of other viable planets out there, and my people are undying. Once we erase the threat of humanity from the galaxy, we can take all the time we need to find a suitable replacement."

Nufaris caught himself from saying too much. _The longer we take to pacify or destroy you, the more powerful your technology will become. Eventually we'll fight on equal footing with our weapons, but you will have the numerical advantage due to your ability to create new viable planets and your rapid gestation cycles._

"That doesn't sound like if we surrender, you'll treat us kindly. That sounds like an existential threat. You're bluffing. If we surrender our weapons, you can kill us as slowly as you want, but if we fight, you won't win."

The human sounded confident, but he simply didn't understand what he was up against.

Nufaris finally let a tiny smile spread across the corner of his mouth. _Of course he doesn't know. He didn't even know of the existence of Refuge until it appeared right before his very eyes. He hasn't a hope to stop it or prevent the calamity, and it's all thanks to the defector on his side._

Nufaris tried to speak, but instead an odd noise gurgled from his throat. "Kuh... kuhuhu... kuh huh huh..."

The human raised an eyebrow. "Are... are you doing okay?"

He couldn't control it any longer. "KUHHH HUH HUH HUH!!!" A strange laughter erupted from his body violently as he stared at the stupefied expression on the human's face.

_He doesn't know! He has no idea! He's more dimwitted than I thought! Totally unprepared for what's coming!_

The highest member of the Volgrim, the Executor, grabbed his stomach as he tried not to double over with laughter. Every eye on the bridge turned to stare as their commanding officer broke down in hysterics, before several long seconds passed and he managed to stand up straight suddenly, regaining full control of his emotions.

"Apologies, human. I did not wish to show such obvious delight in your refusal to stand down. Truth be told, I'd prefer it if you fought back. The rage you are about to feel, the hatred, the sadness, the loss of everyone you care for... it will never compare to what you have taken from my kind. Still, it is a start. After we crush your homeworld with Refuge's power, we will eradicate all life from the second world you have colonized, and then we will erase every last strand of your kind from existence, one by one." Nufaris bobbed a finger up and down dramatically as he spoke to emphasize his last few words.

He paused slightly, as he turned to stare at another viewscreen showing Refuge in all of its glory. "It has been so long since I was overcome by emotion. I couldn't even weep for the loss of my people... yet now I will never be happier than I feel at this exact moment. It is a hollow victory, I must admit. I should like to cherish the ecstasy a bit longer."

He made a slight hand motion and the communication was cut off. "Begin the charging sequence."

.................................................

Amelia stared at the glowing orb in the room with a perplexed look on her face. "It's... beautiful. What is it?"

"I'm not sure, honestly. Harold is who I was speaking to on the bridge, and he's been inside the orb for as long as I've owned it. At least... since I came back in time."

Harold's face appeared in both of our minds almost simultaneously. Amelia jerked back and she made a cute little 'eek' sound when he startled her. I tried not to laugh, but I failed.

"It took ya decades and ya finally bring her here now? What is up with ya, kid? I don't get it."

Harold seems annoyed, but I see gears immediately start to turn in Amelia's head. "He's been here in this orb for decades and you never told me?"

I scratch the back of my head. "Yeah, about that... I had a good reason."

She doesn't even get mad. "Something to do with the future, I'm sure."

"Yep."

Two minutes later, I finish my explanation and she seems reluctant.

"So I carried the dark orb around and spoke to it?"

"Yes. Just like you do with Leviathan now, except I don't recall Leviathan was ever inside of you in the future. In fact, you and the orb had almost exactly the same relationship as you do with Leviathan now."

"So... you're saying..." She sticks her hands on her hips and stares up in the ceiling as she puts two and two together. "Somehow Leviathan goes from inside me to inside an or- yes, I know, not exactly an upgrade." Her thoughts are interrupted as she speaks to herself again, meaning there's probably some internal dialogue with Leviathan going on.

"The orb that I was using, my friend... his name was Hoarhiim. The black one was named Blaarjiim. When I killed you, I believe Blaarjiim was destroyed as well, and Hoarhiim went inert, which probably-"

She interrupts me. "Hold on, Blaarjiim and Hoarhiim? Are you being serious right now?"

"Err, yes."

She stares down at the floor for a moment as she has another internal dialogue with Leviathan. "He just told me those aren't names, they're titles. Titles from a long dead language, one the dragons used to communicate with each other, millions of years ago."

"Seriously? I never bothered to ask."

"Yes. Blaarjiim means the Bringer of Pain, while Hoarhiim means the Holder of Bliss."

"Oh. That's... appropriate." A thought occurs to me. "Too appropriate."

"I thought so too, kid." Harold seems almost glum now. "Somehow, that dragon must be the one inside that evil orb. He even has a dragon name."

"Title." Amelia corrects the geezer politely but doesn't say anything else.

"Right. Jason, this has been a good talk, boy, but you do realize there's still a war going on?"

My brain snaps back to attention. "I almost forgot."

"You're an idiot." Amelia punches me playfully as I press my hand to her shoulder and teleport us to the bridge instantly.

"I get that a lot." I wink at her before turning to look at Sensei. "How did it go?"

Only then do I notice the metal planet before me has incredibly bright lines of energy surging all over its surface.

"Not well." Sensei almost whispers the words. "That thing... it's a weapon for sure. It's surrounded by an inverted energy barrier a million times stronger than the one any of their ships has... and it's too big to destroy with any of our other ordinance."

"Should I grab an X-wing?" I try to force a smile, but nobody's laughing. Not even me.

Nobody has time to respond as the energy coalesces into a single point just above the equator of the planet. An instant later, it fires.

I've only seen a light that bright once in my life.

.................................................

Nufaris stood still, like a rock bearing the weight of a colossal wave as the surf pounds on a beach.

_A weapon to rival no other._

"Halfway charged, Executor."

His communications officer spoke up, but Nufaris didn't deign to respond.

It would barely take a minute to charge the anti-gravity accelerator. It had already been thirty seconds.

_How many voluntarily gave up their lives to redesign our new home? They were brave, truly honorable Volgrim. They knew billions would have to be purged to make room for the proposed designs, yet they never hesitated. We were fueled by our grief, our anger, our rage. For a species concerned with never letting their emotions get the best of them, we all tacitly agreed to put aside the old ways... at least until we had succeeded in accomplishing our revenge._

"Seventy percent, Executor."

_The designs we were given were remarkable. Even considering the source, we knew they couldn't be passed up. Using negative energy to power a weapon that could reduce worlds to rubble? If it gave us a fraction of the power the humans had displayed when they erased our homeworld from existence, it was worth the sacrifices._

"Eighty five percent, Executor."

_The grief._

"Ninety percent, Executor."

_Let's see how mighty wordsmithing is against a weapon that turns the power against its wielder. Let's see you prevent this calamity, Jason Hiro._

"The Anti-Gravity Accelerator is charged, Executor. On your command."

_You erased our planet from the galaxy in the blink of an eye. We will force a slow impending catastrophe in exchange._

"You may fire when ready."