Part 110 - Holes

Samantha walked in the room, her eyes darting around, looking for enemies. She was the newest member of the Marines, and thus had the least experience of all of them. Despite that, she was exceedingly powerful, having joined the Humans because as a succubus she had... interests that aligned with humanity's.

Her battle experience would appear to be low compared to the others, but a second glance would clear up that misconception quickly. She wore very little, and compared to the marines around her decked out in medium strength armor, she was a clear target for enemies. She was scantily clad, wearing a seductive negligee made of white cotton that left little to the imagination, and her only weapon was a whip ( _of course it was_ ) that could electrocute anything it touched.

But the whip was largely for, ahem, cosmetic reasons. She possessed a demonic level of regeneration, letting her take large amounts of damage while quickly healing her wounds, and a strong connection to the spiritual and thought energy around her. As a high class evolved demon, she had large amounts of intelligence and she spent most of it thinking of how to, eh, entrap males of certain species. Despite her looks and the threat she possessed, even she wouldn't do anything vile to a human without his permission, lest she anger the Slayer, whom she adored and was her ultimate goal of attracting.

Samantha rubbed her charcoal-skinned arms as she walked in the room. "Goodness, it certainly is chilly in here. I'm not fond of the cold."

"Cheh, maybe you ought to wear more clothing then..." Saul mumbled under his breath. She didn't hear him, or perhaps decided to ignore the comment.

The room was barren, but it had a large number of small openings which appeared to be tunnels all around inside it. The room was circular once you entered it, and something about the design of the room alarmed her.

"Boys, I think we should stay out of here. There were supposed to be demons here, and there appear to be none..." Samantha itched her forehead as she pondered the holes in the walls.

"Smells like trap." Gunther muttered as he looked around, warily. "Not like, we leave now."

Cody entered the room, leaving 5 troops outside the room to cover the entrance. He walked around, motioning for everyone to stay still. As he walked around, he felt something crackling under his boots. He looked down and picked up pieces of... _something_. It was the same color at the floor and the walls around him, blending in with it perfectly. It was completely transparent and brittle to the touch.

As he stared at it in bewilderment, feeling the _something_ in his hands but seeing nothing, Samantha walked over, rubbing her arms on her shoulders for warmth. She looped her arm through his, pulling herself against the Lieutenant, which made him fairly uncomfortable given his wife and two kids at home. Saul glanced over and scowled, but Samantha ignored him as her shivering ceased.

"Mmm, you're pretty warm. Whatcha got there?" She pointed with her other hand at the nothingness he seemed to be staring at.

"I'm not sure. It's completely transparent and it falls apart when you exert even the slightest pressure on it." Cody reached over and handed the stuff to her.

The moment she received it, a look of recognition passed over her face. "This... this is a demon egg. These are laid by a brood queen. In three hours time, they will evaporate and become thought energy. This room must be a breeding ground for imps. But... something isn't right."

Cody pulled away from her arm and immediately felt better for it as his guilt disappeared. "What do you mean, something's wrong?"

"This shell is in the final stages, but the smell of this room is wrong. And where is the brood mother? The only way these eggs could be here is if something moved them here, perhaps other demons... and..."

She stared at the ground around her thoughtfully. "Perhaps, this room is some kind of... testing room. I heard about these some ticks back. Before I joined the humans, I was in a cantina run by a friend of mine and I overheard some orcs discussing new evolutions that start before a demon's birth. But they're supposed to be highly experimental. Yes, this would explain why this room doesn't smell like an Imp breeding room and the lack of a brood mother."

Gunther was on the far side of the room, opposite the door, staring at a hole on the wall. "Me no like. Me hear... scratch sounds..."

Samantha jerked up. "Sounds? Where? From in those... holes...?" A look of horror sprouted on her face. "...We need to get out of here. Now. This was a bad idea."

A sound was suddenly audible, from deep inside many of the holes at once, sounding like the scratching of many claws running on glass. The sounds turned Saul's blood to ice.

"Commander... we need to leave. Now!"

Cody nodded energetically, and started quickly beckoning everyone out the door. As they ran, Gunther came up in the rear and stammered as he ran out the door. "Monsters! Behind!"

Saul turned around and gasped as he saw a hundred new types of demons he had never seen before swarming out of the walls, racing after their fleeing prey.

These demons would later be known as the _Grez_.