Part 201a: A New Beginning

BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP

I slam my hand on the alarm, as my eyes flutter open. Ugh, what time is it?

The alarm says it's 7:14 AM. I already slept through 14 minutes of an alarm? Christ, I must be exhausted beyond my normal limits.

I slide my legs out of bed as a deafening yawn escapes my lips.

My calendar says it's July 6th, 2016. Yeah... that sounds about right. Wait, isn't it my birthday today? Man... it's not like mom and dad will be here for it.

Mom, dad, they passed away within a few years of each other. I've been on my own since I was 15, so it's no time to be getting emotional now.

I stare in the mirror. I could swear I had one hell of a dream last night. I can't remember anything about it, but somehow... I feel like it was really important.

I perform my morning ritual, as I usually do, brushing my teeth while I shower, blow-drying my blond hair, examining my scrawny body with pitiful eyes, and throwing on my usual pair of bland clothes. When you're a poor person, you don't have much to wear.

I walk past my TV, which I left on last night.

" _President Obama is planning on leaving more troops in Afghanistan than previously expected. Our sources report that over 8,400 troops are..._ "

I click the TV off as I stare at the blank screen. Is this Deja Vu? I feel like I've heard that exact news report before. Oh well.

I grab my keys as I lock the front door behind me. There's a paper sitting on the ground and I ignore it. I won't be needing these, anymore. I walk down the stairs and knock on my landlord's door. "Mr. Farley... I'm here to drop off the keys."

A big fat old guy opens it up and staggers forwards slightly, clearly drunk as usual. "Oh, Jason, it's you. You cleaned the place up, right?"

I nodded. A bald-faced lie, but I had already planned to leave him the deposit and rent for the next month. He could afford to clean it up himself. I won't need money, where I'm going.

"Yes, it's spic'n'span, Mr. Farley. I left the place perfect for you."

"Great... great. Look, kid, you were a good renter, alright? You always paid your rent on time and always kept real quiet-like to yourself. If you ever need a place to stay again, hit me up, I'll make sure you're taken care of."

I nodded as I smiled and handed him the keys. I feel a little guilty due to how I left the place, but the feeling passes quickly. "Have a nice day, Mr. Farley."

"You too, kid."

He slams the door shut and I pop out of the house, walking on my way to the last place I'll probably ever see in this city.

...................................................................

I walk along, passing a familiar mini-mall, where beggars tend to sit outside of. As I walk, I feel a strange sensation inside of myself. I have no way of explaining it with words, other than it feels... odd. Like there's something... beneath my skin.

As I continue walking along, I pass in front of a homeless guy. I'm of the belief that people who beg, especially in front of Walmart, tend to be fakes. They make hundreds of dollars a day. If you have two thousand cars pass you per hour, odds are good that if just 1% give you a dollar, that's $20/hr. Many people give more than that.

But, still. I won't be needing money for much longer.

I reach inside my pocket, pulling out all the money in my wallet, except for about five bucks. $224 in total... a familiar number. I feel as though I've counted this money out before. As I reach over and hand it to the beggar, he stares at me in amazement.

"Wow, thanks a lot pal! But... uh... have we seen each other before?" His dirty jacket, his filthy face, his unkempt hair. He does look familiar but... I can't place it.

"Nah, it's probably just that I look like someone you know. Have a nice day."

The beggar nods quietly as I walk across the street. I steal a glance back and watch as he stuffs my cash into his backpack. A crapton of ones, fives, and tens almost spill out of it. _As I thought_. Oh well.

...................................................................

Finally, I arrive. I've seen this building before. CryoTek... where I will spend the next hundred million years in cryo-stasis.

I stare up at the insignia on the building. This all seems so familiar. I know I've done this before, but I just can't place it.

I just... can't place it.
