Part 018:

I walked calmly up to the golden door. The sounds of banging and scratching, neighing and blood-curdling screaming could all be heard. If I didn't know better, I'd say they were planning a party for my arrival.

I smirked at the thought of what was to come next. But then I faltered. Looking at the big door, I realized it only opened inwards, and it had no handles.

I sat down to think about how to approach this.

Some time passed as I thought about how to proceed. I could just wait for the next rooms to line up. Pulling up my Mental Map, I examined it closely. The maze was as wide as it was tall. It went up above me for several hundred miles, and below me for another few hundred. There were several exits to the outer world, whatever it may look like, but getting there would take forever.

The locations of the King Class items were scattered all over, a few somewhat nearby, some very far away, but none of them were going to be gained today.

Setting both orbs on the ground in front of me, I turned to Hoarhiim. "Hey, this is a strange question, but do I need to be touching you to use your power?"

Hoarhiim shrugged in my mind. "I dunno, what do you think the answer is?"

I shrugged too. Raising my hand towards the door, I spoke. " **Light.** "

Well, I may have Solomon's crown, but I'm not used to his wisdom yet apparently. The light reflected off the golden door and blasted back into my eyes. "OW! FUCK! SON OF A BITCH!" I howled in pain as my super-sensitive eyesight made me recoil in agony.

After rolling around on the ground for a few minutes in pain, I pulled myself up, blinking profusely.

"Alright Hoarhiim, I'm beginning to see why you like this one." said Blaarjiim with a chuckle. "Certainly provides much amusement."

"Shut up, asshole." I said, snarling at the black orb. "It was an honest mistake."

"Yeah, but it didn't take a super genius to see that coming from a mile away." Smirked Hoarhiim. "I guess it's true what they say, you have to learn from your mistakes."

After some time passed I stood up, wrapping Hoarhiim and Blaarjiim inside of fabric torn from my knapsack. Depositing its original contents on the ground, I look them over. I still don't know or want to know what's inside those cans, the flashlight is no longer needed, and none of the other stuff is really all that useful to me. Using the rusty knife to slowly hack away at the knapsack's nylon cords, I end up wrapping that rope I had saved from the Cryopod around my waist and letting Hoarhiim and Blaarjiim dangle on either side of me inside their new hanging pouch.

"Alright guys, sorry for closing you off like this, but you can see through my eyes anyway, right Hoarhiim?"

Hoarhiim nodded.

"Hey! What about me! I'm not bound to you! I can't see anything inside this prison you've put me in! I need air!" Blaarjiim started ranting about his poor living conditions. I sighed.

"Alright, I'll cut a little slit so you can see, just be careful and let me know if you fall. I would hate to, uh, 'accidentally' leave you behind."

Blaarjiim murmured and grumbled but finally accepted that a slit was the best he'd get.

Despite being in a pouch, Hoarhiim's light was still very bright as the thin nylon did little to block his radiance. He was like having a very bright sun attached to my 'belt' loop.

"Alright guys, I have a plan. And it starts with killing a whole lot of undead nightmares." I grinned. This was gonna be good.
