Part 313a:

I teleported down to Earth's surface, right in the heart of the London Palace, and smack into the center of chaos. Unlike before, I was not wearing my hypersuit since I didn't want to draw attention to myself. Agent X had already supplied me with a red-level clearance card, so if anyone asked who I was, I could just show it to them and they wouldn't bug me anymore.

Walking forwards quickly, I frowned as a sense of dread filled my body. Several secretaries raced past me, their arms full of various hard copy documents and such. Shoving me out of the way, they didn't even pause to excuse themselves, ignoring me completely. It didn't bother me, but it was the first of many signs that something was going very wrong.

Walking forwards, I arrived in the war room as people frantically moved from screen to screen, pointing and talking with a mixture of fear and nerves as their hands shook.

To my surprise, Ben Brown was in the room. "Do we have any leads? First person to locate the target gets a big fat raise and a huge promotion, understand?"

I swallowed carefully as I walked up to him. He didn't see me at all as he stared ahead, watching a screen update in front of him. Before I reached him, I paused to stare at the screen. Unless I was wrong... it was a three-dimensional map of the Labyrinth? This was exactly the sort of thing I had seen years ago, when I wore the Crown of Solomon inside of it. Several red dots were positioned in various locations, clustered around one sizable area. A great portion of the 3D map was entirely missing though, indicating they hadn't explored enough of the labyrinth to get a true feel for its size yet.

I turned back and spoke up. "Ben. Ben!"

He blinked quickly as he turned to face me. "Yeah? What do you want? I'm busy. Wait, who even are you?"

He frowned slightly as he started to turn away before a spark appeared in his eye. "Jason? Is that you?"

I nodded quickly as I flicked my gaze over to the viewscreen he had been watching. "I came back for a visit, and seems like you guys are having some trouble."

Ben stared at me uneasily for a moment before looking back at the map of the labyrinth. "Nothing we can't handle. You know the rules, Stonewall doesn't want your help. I'm not going over his head for this."

I felt my lips dry up slightly at his words. "Ben, that's not like you. I thought we were friends?"

"Yeah. Times change, people change." Ben didn't turn back to look me in the eye, as he seemed to avoid my gaze.

What happened between us? One day we were going out to destroy the Volgrim homeworld, the next he stopped talking to me for ten years.

I'll have to ask him about it later. "Fine, I get it. Listen, I just need to talk with Stonewall. Where's his office?"

Ben chuckled without sounding amused in the slightest. "You picked a damn shitty time to drop by. He's in the worst mood he's ever been in his life. His niece just got kidnapped by the demons, after all."

I nodded carefully. "He has a niece? Well, that's fine. I don't have to bother him right-" I paused, as I glanced around the room again. "Wait, is that what all this chaos is about? Is he spending humanity's resources just to find one little girl?"

Ben groaned as he turned back to me, irritation in his eyes. "Look, you've been gone a long time, understand? She is very important to him, and probably all of humanity as well. She's not just some little girl. I daresay she's the biggest agent of hope that we have in the war against the demons." Ben coughed as he leaned forwards knowingly. "Basically, now that you're out, she's in, understand?"

I nodded slowly as I sized Ben up. He was so different now from when I knew him. He wasn't the young recruit who excitedly tore apart Volgrim with his bare hands, nor the man who waded into battles haphazardly. He seemed more shrewd, more calm, more... calculating. Then there was the matter of Stonewall's influence. How had the madman changed Ben for the worse?

"Yeah, I get it." I forced a smile, but Ben didn't reciprocate it. "Ben, let me help out. I've got nothing better to do anyway. Where's she located?"

Ben chuckled again as he coughed loudly. "Shit, it doesn't matter. Nobody knows. This fucking maze is gigantic. It's already been two days... she could be anywhere. Like I said though, we've got it under control."

I nodded again as I edged slightly closer to him. "Ben. You know what they say about kidnappings, right? By the third day, the rate of finding the victim drops to 10%. Let me help you. You won't even know I'm there, it'll be in a totally unofficial capacity. I'll even let you take the credit for finding her."

Ben gnawed on his lip as he glanced from me to his viewscreen and back. "I can't just... damn. Fine, whatever. I'll let you help out, _unofficially_, understand? What do you need to get started?"

"Not much. Tell me her name, and give me a picture or a video of what she looks like. The more details, the better."

Ben sighed as he reached down to his holopad. "I can send you some video and picture files. Her name is Daisy Sokolov, age 17. Also, seeing as she's been living with Stonewall for ten years now... don't be too surprised if she knows exactly who you are. The man is not a fan of you. And just make sure you don't threaten her or anything. I'd hate to see you in a casket the next time we meet."

I chortled. "I see you've still got a great sense of humor. I'll save this little girl, don't you worry your little heart."

Ben seemed unamused. "Don't say I didn't warn you. Good luck, kid."

As I turned to walk away, I smiled back at him. "I'm almost three times your age. Respect your elders."

Daisy blinked her eyes slowly as a slight film seemed to break apart in front of her vision. _What happened? I fell asleep? How long have I been here?_

She moaned slightly as a pounding headache and incredible feeling of weakness filled her body. She could barely move at all and seemed to be laying on a cold hard floor of some sort. It was tough to tell though, as the place she was in was barely lit at all, only the tiniest amount of light allowed her to see anything.

Normally, this would be no issue. Her ability to see in any spectrum of ultraviolet or infrared, or many other weird ways, meant she could see in just about any lighting condition. Since this was not the case now, she quickly made a deduction in the span of a few seconds. "Energy nullification." She spoke out loud, her voice weakly echoing off the walls of the tiny room, or holding cell, or whatever it was.

"Yes, energy nullification. Very good, young woman." Daisy shifted her head towards the voice that had spoken. The voice was decidedly female, roughly age 30 or so, and distinctly human sounding, if that were a thing. Of course, age was just a number these days, so her actual age could be anything.

"Who... are you?" Daisy struggled to lift herself up, every movement feeling like she was lifting a boulder while doing a pushup, finally, she rolled into a sitting position as she leaned back against a wall. Her clothes were damp with sweat, and she panted like an animal, but most magic users couldn't manage even this much in a room like this.

"It shouldn't concern you all that much, but my name is Marie. I'm just an ordinary lady, nothing special about me."

The woman speaking appeared to be standing about five feet away, leaning against the opposite corner of the cell from where Daisy now gasped for breath.

Daisy lifted her arm slowly, bringing it up to wipe her forehead. Despite how cold the floor was, the room itself was unbearably warm, though the older woman didn't seem majorly affected by it. "Why am I here? What happened?"

Marie sighed dramatically. "Your uncle, the leader of humanity, has been a thorn in my side for too long now. I decided to take matters into my own hands. When I sensed an opportunity, I went for it. You, like a stupid and naive child, decided to stay behind in the labyrinth and let the rest of your platoon move forwards without you. A few minutes of them waiting would not have had any adverse effects on the mission, but your stupidity is what let you get caught."

Daisy swallowed heavily as she blinked her eyes, fatigue pouring from every inch of her body. "Haah... but you're a human, right? Why were you in the labyrinth? Why... how did you...?"

Marie clicked her tongue as annoyance set in. "Shut up. I'm not here for small talk. I'm here to deliver a warning. Not to you, little insect, but to your idiot of an uncle. That fool has no clue what he's doing with the serum, he doesn't know the backlash it's going to cause soon. He's playing with an energy few fully understand, except for myself."

Daisy squinted as she carefully examined the pale shadow of a figure in the dark. Her eyes were adjusting slowly to the near pitch-blackness, but it was an uphill struggle. "What are you talking about? I don't understand at all."

Marie started to lash out again, but she instead sighed as she walked over close to Daisy, sitting down beside her as she wrapped her arms around the teen's back. "Listen, sweetheart, you're just a little kid who got sucked into something bigger than you. I understand, I really do. I've read your file, I know what those morons did to you in the black facility, okay? But, see, you're in it, now. You have a responsibility to fill. You're in the position I was when I was your age. You can't get out, so you need to respect the responsibility thrust onto you."

Daisy felt a chill of ice go down her back as she tried to ignore the sudden nonchalance of this strange woman, who had gotten very close and personal in the span of a few seconds. "I... I still don't understand. What do I have to do with any of this?"

Marie paused for a moment as she contemplated the question. "I'll try to explain this simply. Let's say that you have a beehive that produces a certain amount of honey every day. The metaphor won't be perfect, but bear with me. So you have this beehive, and you extract some honey from it every once in a while when the time is right, and everything seems to go just fine."

"Well, suppose, for a moment, that this beehive would produce more potent and tasty honey each time you extracted it, but you were somehow oblivious to this. One day, you find out that you are in debt. You need that honey to pay off this debt, so you can sell it to the market. You also come to find out that the more you extract the honey, the more honey it produces exponentially."

"Well, you have a big edge over the competition now. Your honey is effectively unlimited, and people love it. There are apparently no downsides to extracting this much honey day in and day out, right?"

Daisy swallowed as Marie paused to wait for an answer. "Well, based on this metaphor, I'm guessing there _are_ downsides?"

Marie licked her lips lightly, the sound reverberating off the walls in the tiny cell, as insignificant as it was. "Well, the metaphor doesn't work very well, but yes, there are side effects, very very bad ones. Let's just say that each time you draw from that sweet everlasting honey pool, you are slowly angering the bees inside of it. At some point, they will come out, and the revenge will be... intense."

Marie stood up, withdrawing her arm as she spoke quickly. "Lights."

A blast of light shot from every corner of the cell, as Daisy and Marie both winced. "Idiots, who put the setting at 100%? I hate bright light. Fifty percent lighting."

As the light dimmed, both women breathed a sigh of relief. Daisy was still barely sitting up, but now she managed to get a good look at the older woman. With long flowing red hair that tapered off in subtle curls, coupled with the white labcoat of a scientist, Marie wasn't very intimidating when the lights were flicked on.

"Mind if I smoke?" Marie reached into her pocket as she pulled out a pack created by a replicator. This was obvious by the fact that it had no labeling on it whatsoever. "These taste like shit, but at least it's something. I miss my Marbs."

Daisy didn't speak as Marie took a few silent puffs. Daisy didn't mind the smoke, anyway, it reminded her of her uncle Vasily.

Finally, Marie spoke again. "Let me be more clear. There's a reason the United States sealed off Nazi research into Type 3 energy. The Illuminati knows of those effects but doesn't care. They only want more power, as they always do, and your uncle has proven to be a most useful tool, understand?"

Daisy started to speak, but Marie, ever the talker, interrupted her. "I know you do, you're a smart girl. Listen, it works like this; the heroes have been gaining power since the dawn of time. Each is slightly more powerful than the previous, at least as far as their energy concentration goes. With the exception of once when certain individuals tried to dampen the effect, it merely added to the coming backlash. The Nazi's were the topper."

Daisy squinted as she felt her mind drifting. "I still don't understand a thing you're talking about."

"You know about Judicator, right? I'm sure your uncle has at least mentioned him in passing."

Daisy nodded carefully, the movement feeling like her hundredth pushup in a row.

"Great. See, Judicator is, quite possibly, the most powerful and dangerous hero in existence. The Nazi's, bless their idiot male stupidity, played with fire. They started testing type 3 energy on humans, without making sure of the side effects. Each time someone is given type 3 energy, the next in line will have increased ability. Are you following along yet?"

Daisy shrugged. "I... guess?"

"Maybe I was wrong, you're still a dummy it seems. Anyway, my point is thus... the energy buildup will only affect the next true candidate in line. So because of what those gargantuan morons did with their testing, none of the test subjects survived... but the buildup meant when the current hero died... the next to be born would have colossal, previously untapped abilities."

Daisy felt her heart slam in her chest. "So... Judicator was that hero? He received the buildup?"

"Precisely. But that's only half of the story. The, err, 'individuals' who put a stopper on the power of the heroes... they no longer have the ability to do that anymore. They've been ousted from the place where they created the power of the heroes. So, are you understanding now?"

Daisy nodded, very slightly. "I think so. You're saying... because my uncle, and the, erm, Illuminati... you're saying they've been testing the energy on humans and causing a buildup again?"

Marie swallowed carefully. "Yes. If Judicator dies, when his powers pass on to the next hero, that one will have abilities unlike anything we've ever seen before. Judicator will seem like a small child wielding a spoon against the armies of hell themselves, when this next hero arrives."

Daisy sniffled quietly. "Fine. This is all so much to take in but... I still don't get it. Why me? Why are you telling me this, and not someone in command?"

"I can't. I'm wanted by every government on Earth now. Your uncle would pay a pretty penny to have my head on a plate. Besides, if I told him this, he wouldn't believe me. He's a headstrong idiot."

"There's something you're not telling me, isn't there?" Daisy carefully eyeballed the woman standing across from her. Everything she said made sense, but there were plenty of other people she could have kidnapped and told this too. Why did she pick a 17 year old girl? Perhaps she was counting on Daisy's naivete. It did make sense to have the closest family member of Stonewall tell him this, but once he learned the information had come from Marie, he'd immediately discard the information. The entire discussion was pointless if that was the case.

"You're very perceptive, aren't you? Fine. I'll ask you one last question. Riddle me this: If there is a buildup of power and this will eventually create an incredibly powerful hero, isn't it possible he or she has already been born?"

Daisy cocked an eyebrow. "That wouldn't make any sense. You already said Judicator would have to die first for the next hero to be born."

She didn't fully understand all this 'hero' business, but Daisy understood on a primal level that Judicator, the man who had dominated the news and history books for over a century, was no ordinary human. Her father had told her that Judicator destroyed a planet the size of Jupiter. Whatever this 'hero' stuff was all about, it would only make sense for it to apply to him.

"Judicator is a time traveler, as you might know. He came to warn us of a great calamity from the future. The calamity he warned us of was destruction by the aliens... and while we have, for the most part, destroyed them... there are other threats. Think, though, about the fact that he is a time traveler. Assuming he wasn't lying about that, then that would indicate time travel is _possible_..."

Daisy swallowed carefully. "My god... so you mean that there might be another time traveler?"

Marie shrugged. "Maybe. We can't rule it out. If, for example, Judicator died and someone even more powerful were to become a hero, they might also have the ability to time travel. If that were the case..."

Daisy's lip quivered as her eyes faltered and she gazed at the floor. "So... all this time, my father has been doing something incidentally awful? He didn't know though, he couldn't have known..."

"You're right, he didn't know. That doesn't excuse his actions though. I know he is being manipulated by an agent I used to be acquaintances with, but that man also ignored his duty to humanity. Both of them are guilty of creating something monstrous. The only hope we have is that Judicator _never_ dies,. and that's an unrealistic goal. So far, without fail, all who have been born eventually will die. Even the Creator..." Marie's voice trailed off as she turned her gaze thoughtfully to stare at the wall blankly.

It took a few moments, but she regained her composure. "Now that we've had our little talk, the rest is up to you, young lady. You'll be set free shortly, I expect you to do the right thing, for the good of all humanity."

Daisy smiled slightly. "Yes, I understand. Thank you, Marie, for telling me all of this."

"Don't thank me." Marie's expression turned slightly into a sneer. "You're going to wish you'd never learned any of this. The burden will crush you under its weight."

_Besides, your abilities aren't what they seem, little girl._ Marie kept that thought locked in her mind. In this room, Daisy wouldn't be able to use her telepathy.

"I'll send someone to escort you safely out of the labyrinth. You'll have to wear an inhibitor, of course, for our safety. I hope you understand."

Daisy stared at the older woman blankly. She wouldn't resist. There was no point in resisting, anyway. If they wanted to kill or torture her, they'd have done that already. This entire interaction had been one way, without a single bit of probing for information.

Marie nodded carefully as she turned and smacked a section of the wall. It opened away a moment later as she stepped out.

_I wonder if I'll ever see her again._ Daisy silently pondered that question as she awaited her escort.
