Part 127

I watered the plants as I did my usual daily busywork, waiting for him to get home.

Having just bought some food from the local market, I found myself wondering, as I had for the last week or so, _what is going on_?

First, he comes home with this... this... sexy young little angel girl... He just POOFS into the kitchen right next to me, scaring the heavens out of me, brushes it off, goes on a walk with her, and then he leaves for a couple days.

What the heck is going on these days? He's always so busy, and I find it unnerving to have so many of his mindless, speechless clones walking all over the city. They're not nearly as good at conversation as he is, to put it bluntly. Ah, actually, they don't speak at all unless it's to cast spells.

Ah... I still remember the first time I saw him. It was almost 11 years ago. I had just awakened from Bahamut's spell, as did the rest of the people in this city. Having lived for a short eternity as a monster that did whatever Bahamut wished, I had grown accustomed to being ordered around like a pawn on a chessboard.

But then this wonderful young man, or rather, I suppose he was just a boy of twenty at the time... he came and rescued all of us, defeating our captor! And despite his incredible genius, despite his powers, despite his heroism and the adoration given him by the people... he never let it go to his head.

He's a humble man, even now. He never gets full of himself. He never insults anyone or depreciates them. Not even me, a household slave who had been imprisoned by a ruthless monster, was spared his kindness. He always treated me with respect, never ordering me around, never talking down to me as if I were worthless. He simply... respected me.

And then he got in that awful accident. I found myself... drawn to him. He kept trying to set me up with others... but I didn't want to do that. I don't like Adams. Not just in a non-romantic manner, I just don't trust him. He's too nice. He's too good to be true. He's always bothered me. After ten years of faithful devotion to the man who saved our people, you'd think I'd have come to respect Adams but... I can't. I just can't.

Adams was proclaimed king recently, and the man that I... love... he has not returned yet, not for the last couple days. But seeing that angel next to him... I see now. He's an attractive, strong, powerful man. I can't simply stand by and watch. I can't just let him be taken away by another woman. Even if he doesn't want me anymore... I have to tell him. I have to make this right.

I have to take a chance. I can't be silent anymore.

As these thoughts cross my mind, I see something that makes my heart jump. It's him! Him and Adams... ugh. They're walking down the path towards his cottage. Perfect, I'll go over there and say hello, make some food, and when Adams leaves, I'll just... I'll do it! I'll finally do it! Even if he rejects me, you can't make an omelet without breaking some eggs!

I walk over to the cottage a few minutes after he enters. Can't rush in too quickly, it could make things awkward.

As I enter, Adams greets me. "Oh, hello Phoebe! Great to see you again! We haven't talked much, have we, of late?"

I shake my head. "Ah, no, I do apologize for that, King Adams. Congratulations on your coronation! You deserve it!"

Adams nodded as he closed his eyes and smiled. Despite my thoughts, he really is a humble man. He will make a fine, if flawed king.

Adams turns away from me and speaks to the man I love. "Ah well, in any case, keep me up to date. Have a good day, Slayer."

As he starts to walk away, a question takes shape in my mind and forms on my lips. "Hmm? Weren't you calling yourself Hero now?"

Adams freezes just before he reaches for the door, and looks at Hero. "Oh. Hm, yes. Now that I think about it, you did change your name, didn't you. How _careless of me._ "