Part 192

I stared up at the hole in the ceiling, as Samantha and Cassiel followed my gaze. "The lizardmen should be up there. Strange that they aren't coming down."

I stared intently for almost half an hour, before finally sitting down on the ground. While I waited, I decided to create a deck of cards, explaining how to play various card games to Samantha and Cassiel. After a bunch of rounds of poker, blackjack, and some other games, I was beginning to feel restless.

"Those lizards should know I'm here. Last time I must have tripped some sensor, because they came out within a few minutes of my arrival, and now there's nothing."

I glared up at the hole. What was going on?

"Cassiel, Samantha, I'll be back. You two stay here." They shrugged and nodded as they went back to playing with the cards.

" _Shrink._ "

I collapsed my body to about 11 inches high. I was astounded at the way the ground seemed to rush up at me. Cassiel and Samantha turned to look at me. "Awww, you're so adorable!" Samantha giggled when she saw my size. _Ha ha, very funny._

I aimed my gaze at each one of my limbs. " _Adhesive. Adhesive. Adhesive. Adhesive._ " All four of my limbs became sticky, allowing me to climb walls. I stood underneath the hole and braced myself, but then paused. "Oh, Cassiel, would you mind transferring some energy to me? I'm nearly out."

She nodded. "Sure!" Aiming her hand over at me, she gave me about 1% of her energy.

I suddenly felt like I had slept for three weeks straight. _Holy shit_ she has a lot of energy stored up.

Coiling my feet, I took aim, and leaped up towards the hole.

Three things happened.

First, I misjudged my power. As it turns out, when I'm shrunken down, it condenses my power into a smaller space, making me unbelievably strong and fast.

Second, I missed the hole I was jumping at.

Third, I smashed up into the ceiling, burying myself almost ten feet deep as waves of pain washed over me.

My god, I feel like I broke my neck. Insane laughter came from below me as Samantha and Cassiel cracked up and started bellowing in laughter at my predicament. _Very goddamn funny, girls._

I quickly heal myself, and climb out of the depression I made, as I climb back up into the correct hole that leads into the lizardman lair. I feel my cheeks flush as I pass by the view of the two girls as they are guffawing and laughing mightily. Well, at least _they_ got something out of it.

As I climb up into the hole, I realize just how dark it is in here. No light escapes at all. I quickly speak a single word. " _Light._ " A light appears, glowing from my body and illuminating the tightly packed walls around me, as I climb upwards. I don't actually need the light, thanks to my spatial vision, but I do like being able to also see with my normal eyes, especially in a claustrophobic environment like this.

I climb for an hour or two, easily traveling a few miles through winding corridors. Amazingly, I no longer can follow my mental map. It does not actually display the tiny crawlspaces I'm traveling inside. This is interesting to learn.

As I crawl around, I begin to smell something... something awful. Like, the smell of burned flesh and bones. I'm not liking the smell at all, and it's giving me cold sweats.

As I climb, I begin to feel a light breeze, and soon, I emerge into a large, _very_ large room.

All around me are bodies and corpses of lizardmen. Thousands of them.

As I numbly step forwards, I feel myself kick something at my feet. Looking down, I spot something very familiar. Something that makes my stomach churn mightily.

It's a boomstick bolt.

This was... my doing...?