Part 177 - Ship

The ringing is so insufferable at this point. It was like when I stepped towards the crater and my head passed the lip of it and I could see the spaceship, the ringing tripled in power. In fact, it hit me so hard in my brain that I lost my balance, tumbling forwards end over end for a few seconds until I smashed into the side of the spaceship at the bottom. The instant I impacted it, the ringing stopped completely.

My head suddenly cleared up, I shook it off and stood up. A fall like this wouldn't hurt me in the slightest. Samantha slowly made her way down the slope, and Cassiel, having picked herself up and shaken the nausea off, flew the short distance into the crater in the blink of an eye. _Those wings are useful, I should get a pair for myself in the future._

"Hero! Are you all right?" Cassiel lands and runs up to me, looking me over quickly with her eyes.

"Yeah, a little fall like that couldn't possibly hurt this body made of iron. You know that!" I stick my tongue out at her. "But that being said, thank you for the concern. You two stay here, I'll check and see what's inside."

Samantha finally made her way down to the bottom of the slope. I thought for a second I saw panic on her face as she eyed the ship, but it vanished quickly. "Hero, you should be careful. There could be anything inside that ship... anything at all..."

I nod. "Like I told Cassiel, you stay here. I'll see what's inside."

Something is making me very nervous. I cannot sense what is inside this ship. There is a hollow, black void in my all-seeing sphere. Whatever's in this ship, seeing it may be a bad idea. The ship itself is probably a football field in size, counting the crowd sitting sections and whatnot. It's incredibly large, with a massive set of engines in the back, a thick tail section of the ship, which tapers down and narrows itself as it gets to the front, where I presume the pilot section is, and strangely it has no wings, it's shaped like a bullet. Thick at the rear, slim at the front.

As I make my way around it, looking for a door or something, I spot something that makes me gasp aloud. Directly in the middle broadside of the ship, there is a faded, but still visible insignia. And it's written in English characters.

_G.E.F._

And just below that in smaller letters, a few of them are faded out but I can guess at their contents.

_G-lax- -xpl-rati-n F--ce_

Galaxy Exploration Force? Is this like a ship from Earth? More importantly, why are the letters in plain English?

As I walk towards the front, a familiar logo greets me. It's a flag, with stars and stripes. However, this flag seems to have more than two hundred stars. But with the appearance of the flag, it's all but confirmed. _This is a human vessel._

After a while of walking around, one thing I notice for sure; this ship is not going anywhere. It's a mess. I can't find a door anywhere, but when I get to the front, I find what is definitely the pilot section. There's a large bubble window that's shattered and in pieces everywhere. This planet was originally very toxic, so assuming that this ship crash landed, if the atmosphere of this place entered it, that would have likely killed all the crew assuming they were unable to airlock the rest of the ship.

I step in and gasp again. This... this is unreal.

All around me are familiar looking things. I feel like I've seen this before, maybe on an episode of some old sci-fi TV shows. Bodies litter the floor, as I take note of old desiccated skeletons, bits and pieces of their original garments still being worn.

The interior is absolutely ruined. Their crash landing must have instantly killed everyone on the bridge, if the planet's toxic air didn't. The walls, covered with some material that I assume is a far advanced version of flat-screen technology, are cracked and chipped, likely non-functional.

I make my way towards what is apparently a doorway. As I walk up to it, I... _hear something_. On the other side of the door.

I carefully touch the door, and I hear a hissing sound as the door opens. Apparently the ship is still powered? How long has it been here though...

As the door opens, I almost jump back in fright. There's a human standing there, staring directly at me! Jesus Christ! The man raises his hand and waves. "Greeting: Hello, I am glad to serve you! Hello, I am glad to serve you! Hello, I am glad to serve you!"

Wait, hold on a second. That's not a human, it's... an android? It looks so humanlike that I thought it was a real man. But... he just stands there, waving his hand at me, as if he had just been reactivated and had a recurring bug in his system.

I walk behind him and he turns to face me, as he keeps waving. "Hello, I am glad to serve you! Hello, I am glad to serve you!"

This is getting kind of creepy. I decide to try speaking to 'him'. "Can you understand my words?"

The robot halts his greeting. "Response: Yes! I am fully aware of the words you speak!"

Oh? He's not bugged? Well, that's a good thing, I guess. "What is this ship, exactly? What happened to it?"

The android paused as he considered my words. Then he spoke. "Reply: This ship is humanity's one hundred and fortieth galactic exploration device! The crew of one hundred and twenty was sent on a mission to explore distant worlds, in an effort to bolster the war effort. As for the fate of the ship, only I managed to survive thanks to my very durable body. All one hundred and twenty crew members died as a result of the crash or toxic inhalation due to the planet's atmospheric composition."

This was a lot of information to take in. "Wait, you said to bolster the war effort. The war effort against... who?"

The android tilted his head to the side, in a mock expression of curiosity. "Response: Why, the Volgrim, of course. How do you not know about them?"