Part 218a:

Aboard the Dolfraxis, energy was high as the crew felt the anticipation of arriving in a new star system. For thousands of years, they had traveled in search of planets in the habitable zone of varying stars, but all had turned up empty.

Still, it was normal to feel a sense of hope as they approached each new star system. While inevitable disappointment would likely be felt, it still took a backseat to speculation, at least for now.

"Helmsman, reduce speed from Warp 2 to half-light-speed when we're within 100,000 Light-Units from the habitable zone of the star." Elder Nufaris spoke calmly as the initial scans came in.

"Time to arrival is... 0.1 standard rotational units." Ichus 04, a senior staff member on board the star-ship, one who manned the scanning array, indicated the display as he tapped an indicator on his screen. "Dropping to half-light-speed in five... four... three... two... one..."

A barely noticeable deceleration was felt as the warp drive's power was sharply cut, the sublight engines taking over. All around them, the blackness seemed to shift imperceptibly as the star in this system came into focus.

"Running a full scan of the system now. 14 planetoids detected, along with over a hundred moons....Very promising. Three planets are in the habitable zone, though none of them are in the ideal range, there might be a miracle." Primus 16 read off the results of the scan to Elder Nufaris as they came in. As an assistant, he was extremely good at his job, though that was to be expected given the specialized DNA he had been created with.

Elder Nufaris stared unblinkingly as the results appeared on his screen. "Hmm. Give me a full readout on the fourth planetoid, the one just before the asteroid belt."

"Understood. It appears to be a dead planet, though we'll know when we get closer. I'm detecting high concentrations of bacterial and microbial life, though much of it appears to be dead. In fact-"

Before he could finish, a Volgrim on the other side of the bridge screeched in excitement. "ELDER! By the founders, I'm detecting something! T-the third planetoid!!" Kelfarim 19, another young Volgrim, hopped in his seat excitedly as all eyes on the bridge jerked towards him. "P-primitive radio-based transmissions! I'm detecting movement in the orbit of the planet as well! I think it might be life!"

Nufaris felt his internal organs flip-flopping, both in excitement, hope, and fear. If this truly was life, he couldn't believe his fortune, but he had to be wary. "Kelfarim, give me a full detailed readout on that planetoid. I want details. Ichus, you as well."

"Yes, elder!" Both of them chirped excitedly, hardly able to believe their luck. Of all the thousands or millions of ships searching for life, they were the first ones to find it! And considering the state of Volgarius that they had last heard from dozens of orbits ago, they were in need of a new homeworld, badly.

"Elder, the planet seems to be extremely primitive in nature. I'm detecting billions upon billions of forms of life living there, in addition to primitive brick, stone, and metal structures littering the surface." Kelfarim rapped over buttons faster than his eyes might seem to move.

"Elder Nufaris, I've finished decoding the types of radio transmissions they are sending out. Take a look onscreen." Ichus slapped a button as the viewscreen came alive. A grainy video appeared, with lines scrolling through it periodically. In the video, a battle raged between two bipedal aliens, holding devices in their hands. The devices had long, plasma-like blades that sprouted from the bottom, seeming to hum as if they were alive. As the two bipeds swung their weapons at each other, the weapons seemed alive, able to cut through any type of surface they came into contact with. Nufaris narrowed his eyes as he watched the prowess of two battle hardened warriors. They appeared to speak to each other, but the universal translator yet lacked the information needed to roughly translate anything.

"I have another signal." Ichus pressed a button, as the grim battle scene in a fiery volcano vanished, and another one appeared. A voice appeared to be speaking about something in a dark tone. As he spoke, a vehicle of some sort, appearing to drive on circular wheels (very primitive, Nufaris thought to himself) drove at a high speed away from some sort of primitive city. What happened next though made everyone on the bridge recoil in horror, as a massive explosion, colossal in size, exploded and destroyed the entire city. Bipedal life forms of some sort were destroyed instantly, their bodies evaporated into the wind, as the blast seared through their bodies. Moments later, a scene of violent looking death robots appeared, marching forwards as if to terrorize the other life on the planet, their fiery red eyes and metallic skin putting great fear in the hearts of all on board the Dolfraxis.

Elder Nufaris felt himself blanch as he witnessed the horror onscreen.

"Elder, the AI has managed to decode most of their language. It appears to be similar in form to ancient forms of language our own people used to use. The syntax is different as are the conjugations and adjectives, but the computer can translate it to a mostly fluent form of our own language." Primus 16 held his finger over the button on his datapad, waiting for the OK.

_Strange. An alien planet millions, if not billions of light years from our own. It has a language similar to ours? Life works in mysterious ways._ Elder Nufaris found himself thinking odd thoughts as he stared at the bipedal life-forms on his screen. _Their forms are similar to our own. What is this planet?_

"Put it on screen, Primus. Let us hear what they have to say."

Primus pressed the button as another video played. A male voice appeared to be speaking over a video of war. "World War Two was the deadliest war in our history. An estimated Eighty Million people died worldwide, as a result not just of bombings, lynchings, gunfire, artillery, and other such weapons of war, but also due to disease and famine, along with the Nazi and Russian death camps. Global relations have improved greatly in these last 80 years, but another world war is always lurking on the horizon, as long as nuclear weapons are in play."

As the male voice spoke, another dramatic image of a fantastic explosion played on screen. An entire city, again wiped out by a massive thermal detonation. After that, yet another explosion played, showing a totally different city being destroyed. "Nuclear weapons chilled the world to the bone, as people finally understood where humanity was headed. Fearing for the end of our kind, world leaders began to embrace the idea of Mutually Assured Destruction, that is to say, if one side attacks another with a nuclear weapon, the other side would retaliate, and both would be the loser for it. As a result, there have been no more nuclear attacks in the decades since then."

Nufaris felt his entire body turn to ice as he watched the footage. "Barbaric. This is truly a warlike species. Ichus 04, take us to stand-still speed. I want to examine this planet very, very carefully before we proceed. Also, Kelfarim, send a single shuttle back to Volgarius. Warp 8, push the speed to the utmost level. We can't take the time to send a sub-space message, it will take too long. Download all information on this star system. We need to be sure the homeworld knows of their existence."

"Yes, Elder. I contemplate, and I comprehend." Both of the bridge members leaped into action just as their commanding officer ordered.

"For now, we will stay here and... _observe_."
