Part 136: Retribution

I calmly walked down the corridors of the castle, noting the horrific levels of destruction apparent everywhere. The titanic battle between Hope and I had caused incredible amounts of damage to the castle. The pillars in various areas were in ruins, the floors were littered with bits and pieces of rock, marble, and gold from the collapsed ceiling and destroyed walls... it was a mess.

Luckily, I could sense that nobody had been badly injured. Most of the people had fled when they heard the explosive sounds of our fight, and the few that remained were easily healed as I walked along. Most were unconscious, so I healed them and walked away before they woke up.

And then I arrived at Adams' chamber.

He stood in front of his doorway, with his left arm wrapped around Cassiel's throat, and his right arm holding a dagger to her heart.

"Don't come any closer, y-you monster! What did you do to..." He glanced to the side with his eyes, noting the presence of the Yellow Team. "...to Slayer?! Did you actually defeat him?!

"It's all over, Adams." When I spoke, his head jerked back involuntarily; he obviously had not expected me to speak. "You're a pretty bad liar, old friend. And now you're holding a hostage. How far you have fallen."

I turned to look at Colonel Cody. "Doesn't something about this entire debacle strike you as strange, or are you in on this farce? Why are you defying the one who freed you from Bahamut? Why are you siding with a mentally deranged man?"

Cody suddenly looked uncomfortable, as he glanced at Adams, and then back to me.

I didn't wait for his response. "Adams. There are two ways out of this. The easy way, and the _really_ easy way. Think about what you're doing; you're a smart man."

Adams hesitated, as his eyes jerked around. He was very nervous, and acting very... ' _un-Adamlike_ '. "Y-you can't fool me! Stay away, you monster!"

I slowly walked towards him, the distance between us was about a half of a football field. "Think, Adams! If you stab and kill her, I'll become _very_ pissed. I'll tear you limb from limb, do you understand me? You'll lose your hostage AND your life! But, if you give her up quietly, I won't kill you. How about it? Are you that desperate to have me take out some anger on you?"

Cassiel wriggled a little as he pressed the knife right up against her skin. I noticed that her arms and wings were bound tightly behind her, and her mouth was gagged. The sight filled me with anger. Once again, she was bound by a disgusting piece of filth. Adams started breathing quickly. He didn't know what to do. He realized the logic of my words. This was a no-win situation. He would lose either way.

"I have a question for you." Saul, the man who I recalled wielding the prototype 'Buddha Palm', spoke to me. "Adams told us that a clone you had summoned for us, one we named 'Hope', - he had gone berserk, and needed to be contained. He told us it had gained sentience, and it was unable to be reintegrated but... I'm beginning to doubt that story. Can you explain what's going on?"

Adams' eyes darted towards Saul. He clearly didn't want me answering those questions, but to speak up now would be damning evidence of my claims.

I nodded at Saul. "I'm not sure exactly what was going on up here, but I left and entered the labyrinth a few days ago, and met Cassiel, that angel over there, in the labyrinth. I rescued her, appeared here, and was attacked and betrayed by Adams. It all happened so fast, I'm still not even sure what happened."

Adams' entire body was shaking a little bit. Cassiel looked at me, silently imploring me to get her away from that madman.

I shrugged. "Ah, well. It's unfortunate, Adams. You're making me do this the hard way."

With the barest tiniest of motion, I suddenly appeared in front of Adams and Cassiel, my body moving at an ungodly and unexpected speed. Adams _screamed_ in terror, as I slapped the knife out of his hands, the impact instantly breaking his wrist. In the next instant, I grabbed hold of the arm he was holding Cassiel with, and crushed it by barely flexing my hand at all.

If the scream from my appearance was bad, the howl of agony after I destroyed both his arms... It felt _delicious_. Very satisfying.

" **AAAAAAAAAUYYYUUYUGHHHHH!!** " Adams fell to the ground, writhing in agony, as I pulled Cassiel close to me, and with a single motion undid the ropes that bound her.

She smiled up at me thankfully, as she pulled the gag out of her mouth. "Hero! You saved me!"

I nodded. Then I looked over at the members of the Yellow team. "Do you men have anything to say?"

Cody immediately bowed his head. "No, Slayer. I apologize for the misunderstanding. I would do more, but I can't think of a big enough way to apologize. We will take care of the traitor now."

I nodded but then paused. "Hold a moment."

I walked over to Adams, who was now sobbing on the ground. My voice filled with ice and venom. " _Give me the crown. Now._ "

He whimpered when he saw my demonic glowing white eyes and the tattoo's on my body turned pitch black as my anger slightly boiled over. Quickly looking at his arms and back up to me, he whimpered something unintelligible.

I glared deeply at him. "I know you can't move your arms, you stupid piece of shit. Give me verbal permission, or I'll just take your head off right fucking now."

I suddenly tried to contain my laughter as his pants suddenly moistened and he quickly babbled. "YersyesIgiveyoupermissiontotakethe-thecrowngorightahead!!!"

Stifling a smile at the pathetic image of a man I once called friend, I snatched the crown off his head and placed it on mine.

" _Pray_ you never see me again."

And with that, I walked away, heading towards my house. Yellow Team stared in awe at me, as I walked away, hand in hand with a beautiful angel.

I'm done with these humans. I will forge my own destiny away from them. I will go home, grab Hoarhiim's orb, store it in my infinite container, and never return.

...................................................................

As we approached my house, I chatted with Cassiel, learning of what had transpired. She had been captured, taken to a secret room even I didn't know about, tied up, and interrogated for almost 48 hours straight. As an angel, she didn't need sleep, only spiritual and thought energy, so she was easily interrogated right up until they brought her out to me.

But... based on the fresh markings on her arms and legs, I could tell. They didn't just ask for information politely. They must have tortured her. The thought... made my blood boil.

As we approached my house, we spoke of other things, but I noticed something odd. There was a heat signature in my house. It was cold, maybe food lying on the ground? Hard to tell.

I rushed up to my front door and as I opened it, my heart halted.

Phoebe was lying on the floor, a knife stabbed into her heart.

Her body was cold.
