Part 319a

Silver felt his hands shaking slightly as he waited in the lobby of the New Bohemian Grove resort. Things were going well, of course, but one could never be too sure of their security these days. Especially when it came to maintaining his grip on power and a secure lifestyle, whilst placating those above him.

For some people, they merely existed to consume, or just to further their own existence. Long term plans went to the wayside as their own greed took precedence over the chance at furthering humanity's ambitions. For himself, though, his goal was to make a difference. Humanity had many enemies, but most of those enemies mattered little to those who pulled the strings.

No... these men cared little for the peons of the world. They had their own agenda, and their greed far outstripped even the most vile scum in any ghetto spawned from the worst cities of the world. Moreover, their methods were awful, even by his own standards.

"Agent Silver, the Lady Victoria will see you now." A big burly looking Englishman walked over and growled at him, turning away and continuing back to the elevator without waiting for a response. Silver sighed as he stood up quickly and followed along.

As the door closed behind the both of them, Silver eyeballed the man silently. He was exactly the sort of person that was always hired to work for these people. A big, stupid oaf, who never asked questions and only did exactly as he was told for a big fat paycheck. The psychological training he had likely endured to make sure no torture technique would work on him to reveal information had likely been even more intense than most would face, given he worked directly under Mrs. Rothschild.

Silver coughed quietly, feeling his throat dry up as the door opened onto the fortieth floor. Her room was directly across from the elevator and it hooked directly up to the roof's hoverpad in case she ever needed to make a quick escape. Of course, her parked hovertank was equipped with the latest in defense technology so she would be assured of making it out with her own life intact.

The burly guardsman silently pulled the door open to her room without knocking. The handle was equipped with technology to unlock when certain people's hands touched it, using the latest in biometric technology to determine their identity.

Silver stepped in the room, using all of his power to stifle his shaking hands. Inside the main hall of this room, several doorless entryways led to other adjoining rooms, though the bedroom was of course sealed so only she might enter. Silver walked past all of the entryways without looking in, given a casual glance at something he shouldn't have seen would mean the end of his life.

At the end of the hall, he arrived in an ornate dining room, with an adjoining kitchen visible from its massive doorway. A long table stood, with several dozen chairs lined up on both sides, and two ornate chairs place at both ends.

"Jacob. Timely, as always." A beautiful young woman who appeared to be no older than twenty-four years old sat at the far end of the long table, staring at him unsmiling as he entered. Despite her incredible good looks, ravishing red hair, and the elegant white dress she wore, her expression was hardened enough to melt steel.

Silver flicked a glance down to his wristwatch. It showed he was precisely one minute ahead of schedule, as expected. "Mrs. Rothschild, a pleasure to see you as always."

Despite his polite words and friendly smile, she didn't return the expression. She never smiled. She seemed to be a beautiful young woman who hated everything in the world and wished death upon all of it. Still, her assets meant one had to gain favor with her if they wished to reshape society, so she was quite popular in many circles.

"Sit. Roast duck is on the meal tonight, along with various other sorts of... commoner food." Her dislike of the cuisine for the last few decades was evident. Ever since the Americas had been wiped out or taken over by the demons, a vast amount of rare ingredients had been lost, meaning her favorite delicacies were in very short supply, as the world fought to rebuild its food supply on such limited land. Of course, given when she had access to, she still ate better food than commoners, and replicators were still a thing, but it just didn't taste the same as a professionally cooked meal made with actual ingredients.

Silver quickly took a seat at the opposite end of the table, feeling the massive table between them was a dividing chasm, meant to relegate the inferiors as far away from herself as possible. "Thank you, Mrs. Rothschild. What is the reason you called for me?"

He forced a smile across his face, even knowing she had no intention of returning it. "Jacob, darling. I've been looking into your movements as of late. They seem quite bizarre. I called you here today so you might explain yourself in exhaustive detail."

He waited a few moments, but she didn't elaborate. "Ah, I beg your pardon, but I'm not sure what you're referring to."

"Jason Hiro. Vasily Sokolov. The demons. The angels. So many things are moving much more slowly than we planned. Why is this?"

Silver scratched his chin as he quickly took a sip of Chateau d’Yquem, an extremely expensive and rare white wine that Victoria owned 99% of the world's remaining stockpiles of. The fact she would leave it here for just any guest to consume told him just how little she cared about the cost of things.

"I'm doing the best I can. As you know, ever since Marie's conspiracy with the demons, we lost many of our best American agents. Stonewall is a ruthless man, but our cancer was too aggressive. It neutralized him completely, leaving a more careful and calculating man in charge. Benjamin Brown hates the demons too, but unlike Stonewall, he's not going all-out to eradicate our enemies. He keeps holding back, trying to make sure our troops survive each encounter."

Victoria rolled her eyes. "An idealist. I've read his file, seems he's always been one to hesitate when given an objective. We need someone else in command. Someone much dumber and more brutal. The lives of ants matter little when it comes to eradicating our shared enemy."

A small bell was suddenly heard, as the chef delivered the first course out to them. Roast duck, of course, was first on the list, followed by several other niceties, but Silver mostly ignored them. He wasn't really here for food, he was here to talk business.

The wine, of course, was a rare exception.

"Dumber? Don't you mean 'more obedient'? We need a cunning commander, given the enemy is Marie. She continually evades us no matter how we try. We don't even know about her origins. We don't know a thing about our biggest threat... how can we fight an enemy we don't understand?"

Victoria's normally stern expression contorted itself into a glare as she took a small bite of the duck. "Excuses, is it? Lately, that seems to be all I can wring out of the men around me. Marie is a smart woman, yes, but I'd expect you to have the upper hand, given the vast resources at your disposal. She merely has the aid of technologically illiterate demons. They should have been crushed hundreds of years ago, let alone recently with the weaponry we have now."

Silver stifled a grimace. Naturally, this sheltered woman had little idea of the fight he had been undergoing his whole life. "Are you questioning my abilities? Demons are hardy creatures that have used their vast magical power to create an entirely new dimension, as have the angels. They possess the ability to bend the laws of physics, and even they pale in comparison to the power of the last five heroes. The heroes can ignore the laws of physics outright, while we are still constrained by them. We may seem like a finely tuned war machine marching on a village of primitives, but I assure you, these primitives have their own deadly weapons. Not to mention they have the aid of one of the most intelligent of our kind... we're quite evenly matched."

Silver licked his lips, suddenly realizing he was perspiring heavily. Victoria glared him down from across the table, the same piece of duck speared onto her fork that she had been holding perfectly still for the last 15 seconds. She did not appear to be pleased by his outburst.

"Evenly matched? Every video I've seen from the raiding groups inside that accursed labyrinth indicated we are slaughtering them wholesale. Just send in the Dreadnaughts and eradicate the threat. It's not that difficult."

Silver finally released a long, sad groan of annoyance. "All right, come on now. This is very complicated business. If we send in the Dreadnaughts without any Enforcers to back them up, one EMP will net Marie a hefty force of automatons and will increase her firepower directly. Conversely, just sending in Enforcers is a death wish against the higher demons... their power is magnitudes greater than the lower demons. Finally, even a mixture of both can lead to issues. Last year there was an incident where a Dreadnaught activated an anti-energy pulse, nearly taking out its own company. This issue is not so black and white."

Victoria nodded for a few moments as she digested his words. On one hand, she didn't like having her authority challenged, on the other hand, few men had the balls to do so, and it was therefore a rare occurrence. Silver was one of only a handful who would ever have the nerve to talk back to her like that. "So if we're damned if we do, damned if we don't, then what is the solution?"

Silver smiled uneasily. "I'm working on something, as always. It's directly related to Stonewall's adopted niece, Daisy. If Jason Hiro is out of the picture, I think we might be able to use her powers to our advantage. Heroes have always been the main weapon against the demons, and she would make a very suitable replacement for his loss."

"Hmm. Daisy, yes. I've heard the name in passing. Wasn't she a reject from Facility 02? What use is she?"

Silver cocked an eyebrow as he speared a forkful of duck into his mouth. Chewing it silently, he swallowed a moment later. "I'm surprised you don't know. Daisy was the most powerful Enforcer candidate in the program. Her abilities bloomed unnaturally, and she would constantly lose control. She no longer has those issues anymore and is in full control. Her abilities are extensive too, and seem to have grown substantially since she was there. There's also the matter of her bloodline, which we're still tracing. The results aren't substantiated yet, but there appears to be a... tentative link to a friend of ours from the past."

Victoria chewed another bite of food slowly. "A friend? Explain."

Silver nodded as he reached into his pocket, pulling out his datapad. "I'm sending you the details. Again, none of this is fully confirmed yet, but there are some indications the theory might be correct."

Victoria tapped a small button on her side of the table, activating a small display. Glancing through the contents of the file she had just received, she spooned some yams into her mouth as she carefully read about the big discovery. "How were you able to find these links? I was under the impression that family trees had little to do with who receives the power."

"New advancements in archaeology. I told you last year, didn't I? We were working on something big. A predictive algorithm. It's just luck this little girl fell into our hands before we even knew what we were doing."

"Luck, indeed. You always seem to have that special knack for getting lucky. Are you perhaps a Hero yourself? Is that your special power?" Victoria spoke blandly, the joking nature of the question belied by the utter drollness she exuded with every breath. In fact, it was less of a joke and more of mockery.

"Heh heh... I guess?" Silver forced another insincere smile as he finished off the small portion on his plate. He wasn't very hungry, having eaten a while ago, but this food was made by a world class cook so it was always worth nabbing a bite here and there.

Victoria turned her gaze back to the datapad. "Well, whatever the case, Stonewall is in the way. He's too decrepit to be of use to me. If he's gone, we'll have exclusive access to the girl without him interfering. So, in conclusion, eliminate Stonewall, deliver me some good news about the demons, and make sure we're progressing steadily towards our goals."

Silver stared ahead at the young looking woman uneasily. "I don't mean to question an order... but Stonewall is unwell because of our nanobots. He might be in the way, but he would have been a more effective leader if you hadn't sought to weaken him."

Victoria nodded as she took a sip of her favorite wine. "Indeed. However, he was getting too close. Despite my insults to the contrary, he was cunning when it came to matters of the military. If he had found out what was going on with the newest Mars colony, it would have been disastrous. It's good he's out of the way now. Benjamin Brown can lead for a while longer until we find a new puppet."

Silver rose from the table slowly, standing up to his full height. "Very well, I understand. We need to eliminate Stonewall for good, instate a new puppet, and get control of Daisy. Anything else?"

"No. That will do. You're a professional as always, Jacob."

"Thank you, Mrs. Rothschild." Silver bowed gracefully as he walked out of the room a moment later.

The objectives sounded so simple... but he had a feeling they would not work out as smoothly as she wanted.