Part 102:

I stepped out of my cottage and breathed in deeply. The sun shone down brightly on Hero City. Funny, it's still named after my previous name, but it's too embedded into people's minds to change it. Oh well.

My cottage was a small thing compared to the castle, but it suited my tastes. The castle is just too big and gaudy for me, and besides, who needs all that space? Better to leave it to Adams. He's just overall a smarter ruler than I am.

I walked off my front porch, past the row of flowers that Phoebe had planted. She lived in her own cottage on the other side of the road, but she took care of both of our houses. A truly kind and generous woman. I still don't know what these flowers are called though, they look totally different from anything I saw on Earth, and the name is hard to pronounce in its native language.

Walking down the lane, I gazed up at the buildings in Hero City. This city was positively massive now. It used to be a population of 40 million, but in just ten years we've added another 20 million or so. Not just from births and such, but from friendly monsters that have joined our forces (they exist!) and humans we've rescued from other worlds.

Honestly, I'm beginning to worry. This world is _small_. Like, the Moon that I remembered from Earth dwarfs it. I don't even know how grass, trees, weather, and all that other stuff developed on this world. Truly baffling laws of physics.

Right now, Adams is desperately searching for a bigger inhabitable world. The crown gives him the Mental Map ability when he wears it, and he's scouted out many doorways in the maze. Every monster we run into is a death trap waiting to happen though, and he is a truly kind king who cares for all of his subjects. He wants none of them to die in those labyrinths. There is no such thing as a death statistic to him, and he attends the funeral of all explorers who die in that wretched hell. He's truly the greatest man I've ever known.

As I walked down the street towards the castle, I spotted a commotion. Normally I'd send a clone to take care of it, but I decided to investigate it myself.

"Thieves!" I heard a man yelling in the distance.

Two men were robbing a female shopkeeper and had just fled the scene of the crime. They were surprisingly fast, though nowhere near as fast as me.

I quickly darted in front of them, lightly slapping them and sending them smashing onto the ground. They were completely dazed and I called for the nearby guards to apprehend them. I walked away from the criminals and some citizens shouted my name in thanks. Always nice to be appreciated!

But still... humans stealing from other humans? We should be fighting the demons, not each other. We should be stealing what is theirs, not what is ours.

I continued towards the castle. As I walked up the steps two guards saluted at me. I saluted back and gave a nod as I walked past.

After a few minutes of walking, I arrived in the War Room. Adams was sitting there chatting with two of his top generals, but he waved them off as I entered.

"Slayer. Good to see you!" He smiled cheerfully and requested a nearby maid to bring me some tea as I sat down. "I'm glad to see you are okay. I had worried when I heard what, um, _happened_."

I nodded sheepishly. "Yes, I must have gotten carried away. I still don't know my own power."

He shrugged. "These things happen. At least it wasn't a planet filled with humans, it was a demon planet. All that matters is that you learn from your mistakes."

I nodded. We continued conversing for a few minutes about the battle and how I defeated the Duke of Mist.

"Interesting, he was an ethereal being then? Just another ability to watch out for. Have you fought ghosts or any other beings like him before?"

I shook my head. "No. I have yet to see any in the labyrinth. He caught me completely off guard."

Adams took a swig from his cup and gently set it back down. "That could have been bad. I wonder why he didn't solidify his hand inside your body and rip your heart out or something?"

I cringed at that mental image. "Ah... yeah. Strange. Maybe he's simply never fought an opponent like me, and thought he could toy with me?"

Adams nodded slowly, deep in thought. "...Maybe... you defeated him so easily... I just... I find it hard to believe he was a Duke. He didn't sound that powerful to me."

I stared at the table in front of me. "Yeah... I don't know. Maybe..."

We both sat quietly for a minute, deep in thought.

Adams perked up again after a short while. "Oh yes! The reason I called you here! I have a request of you."

I nodded. "All right, what do you need?"

Adams suddenly looked confused, as if he was searching for a word. "It's, ah... it's hard to explain. See, you've been increasing the physical, spiritual, and mental strength of our soldiers with your clones and their wordsmithing but..." He paused, itching his head. "It's just that, we need some kind of new weapon or something. Something that makes our troops not have to get so close to the enemy. And not a bow and arrow either. Something more potent, you know? Ah... I can't even explain it. It's like the knowledge is there but I just can't tap into it."

I stared at him, the wheels in my head turning. Certainly, such things existed. But the problem is, I don't understand how to make such devices. _Guns_. What we need is guns. We need to blam blam boom boom the enemy to death. If we get in close, we're mincemeat. Even heavily buffed humans are no match for orcs and skeleton warriors with the body strength and endurance of ten men.

But I don't know how to make guns. I can't understand the theory behind their creation, even with the Crown on my head.

"The word you want, it's called a gun." I spoke up. Maybe if I explained what I knew, it would help Adams. "Guns are a weapon that existed on my world that I came here from. They are a metal weapon that fire small or large projectiles at enemies. Their range is far superior to a bow and arrow, as is their stopping power. The problem is, I don't know how to make them."

Adams paused, and then he clasped his hands together on the table and leaned forwards. "Can you explain anything to me? Anything at all? Just give me the basics. I'll _make it work_."

I shrugged and pulled a piece of paper from the stack on the edge of the table and a pencil as well. "Let me see that crown. I'm not a good artist, but I'll try and illustrate what I do know."

Adams quickly handed the Crown over to me. "Slayer... if this works... you have no clue how much it will help myself and the future of humanity."

I paused and stared up at him. "You're wrong. I do know. That's why I'm desperately hoping you can make this work, Adams. I trust in you, fully."
