Part 098: Oracle

The demons gathered around, chittering and chattering excitedly as their almighty leader strode forwards confidently through the hall and up to his throne at the top of the war council room.

His face projected no emotion. But his body language projected fearlessness and power.

"W-we are so unworthy of your presence, great lord Satan, nyahahaha!" a little imp babbled excitedly as he zipped along the side of Satan's feet.

Two Wraiths stood, one at each side of his throne, mighty spears in hand. Their large and unwieldy looking forms belied their speed and agility. They were impossibly speedy assassins, sent to kill the high rankers in a human and angel army before the rest of the demonic forces swarmed and took out the rest.

However, these two were special wraiths, the second and third ever to evolve.

"Diablo, Lucifer, a pleasure to see you two as usual."

Satan walked up the bloody red carpeted steps and took a seat at the great throne. He sat down in a single smooth motion, no movement wasted. Satan was not like the other demons, he was the first one to evolve. He had been the first to kill a human. He had been the one to teach his brethren the art of evolution. But he had already evolved twenty times. His brethren, even the fastest of them, such as Diablo and Lucifer, had only evolved seven times.

Satan was a prodigy among demons, the only one who could be called a worthy leader. And now, he had reached a surprising new tier in his evolution. _Oracle_.

An unprecedented tier compared to the ones before him. It opened up his mind to psionic energy, allowing him to see things that could not normally be seen, and predict things normally thought unpredictable, such as the future. He had been using this as of late in a multitude of ways, notably to crush human armies and pick out the dangerous targets.

But... his power had many other practical applications.

He turned and handed a tablet over to Belial, one of his trusted suboordinates. "Here is a list of my recommendations for the qualified candidates. See to it the Matriarch and the Breeders get this."

Belial nodded, her voice hissing as a small amount of smoke came out of her mouth. "Yessss, master Satan. I am but a tool for your hands to work." Belial did not evolve like the other imps did, she had a unique evolution, one that skipped the multi-legged branch and rose instead up a more human-looking branch. She walked on two legs, and instead of talons, she had five fingers remarkably similar to a humans' hands. Satan suspected she would be of incredible use in the future, if he could just figure out how to make her look identical to a human.

Satan indicated the vast War Board on the Great Table in front of the throne. It sat about fifty feet away, but Satan had perfect vision as an Oracle and he had no difficulty seeing every bit of it. "Lord Bael, how goes the conquest of the human tribes to the east?"

Bael snorted. "The humans are uniting with the angels, but they lack leadership, and the angels see humans more like disposable pawns. The humans, likewise, see the angels as divine guardians, but they fear them and thus cannot bear to give orders to the angels, lest they offend them."

Bael laughed quietly. "They mesh together poorly. Compared to your superior leadership, they have no chance."

Satan nodded. "It's been ten short years, but look at all the progress we've made. We breed like ants, the humans like goats. We've killed off 5% of their population across the Earth already, and within a century, they will be eliminated."

The imps nearby giggled wildly. "Eliminated! Killed! Death! Destroy! Rip and tear apart! Nyahahaha!"

Satan beamed a big smile, something he rarely did these days. A leader must be feared, so only rarely would he ever project emotions for his minions to see. "Yes, finally. We are going to win this war quickly. We are going to crush the humans. And then we will crush the Angels."

His grin grew terrifying as a dark aura clouded around him. "And once we have killed off the humans and the angels... our revenge will be complete."
