Part 333a

_April 28th, 2117_

The men and women in the room waited patiently, despite the fact the new Supreme Commander was already fifteen minutes late. Sitting in rows of aluminum chairs, the varying assortment of generals, lieutenants, scientists, and analysts numbered nearly two hundred, and Jorge was just one man among many who were going to meet the new Supreme Commander for the first time.

Amy sat next to him as the two of them felt their legs tapping up and down rapidly, adrenaline coursing through their veins.

"I can't believe I'm going to see him again." Amy mumbled to herself nervously, as Jorge glanced over at her and put his hand on hers.

"Don't be nervous. I mean, he probably won't remember you at all. Heck, it's unlikely that you'll even get a chance to speak with him." Jorge immediately rained on her parade which dulled her excitement somewhat.

She pulled her hand away and glared at him playfully. "I hear jealousy in your voice. Afraid a big strong man like him is going to sweep me off my feet?"

"Unlikely. Besides, I'm sure given his looks he's got a harem of women, assuming he can ever find the time." Jorge grinned sarcastically at his wife, but she seemed to take him seriously.

"You think so? I guess that would make sense."

"It's a joke. Jeez, Amy, calm yourself down. He's probably-" Jorge paused as the door suddenly swished open and a hush fell across the room. He was getting tired of being cut off like that.

Three men and two women walked in, all of them being four star generals, followed by the Supreme Commander himself, Jason Hiro.

"All rise and salute the Supreme Commander." A woman at the front of the room spoke and jerked her hand up stiffly, as the entire audience rose to their feet in the blink of an eye and followed suit. A moment later, they all sat back down again and waited eagerly.

"Hey, everyone, nice to meet you all." The Supreme Commander spoke rather informally, seeming to ignore general formal speech in favor of something friendlier. "I'm Jason Hiro, though to keep things succinct, you may refer to me as Mr. Hiro during this briefing. Today we're going to be looking over data from the last few decades to formulate a strategy for eliminating the demons within the next few years. All suggestions will be considered. Additionally, we're going to look at travel to other worlds for the purpose of creating secondary places for humanity to survive in the case of a huge catastrophe on Earth. Can't hurt to be safe."

"Mr. Hiro, are you saying there's still a chance Earth could suffer a major attack?" One of the analysts in the front row fired off a question, and Jason pivoted to respond.

"Anything can happen. Even barring an attack, there's always the threat of an asteroid hitting earth, or a comet, or perhaps nuclear war, so we have to think of threats beyond just the demons and Volgrim. Let's move on."

Jason turned back to face the viewscreen at the front as a series of bars and graphs appeared showing various factoids. "Humanity has been remarkably efficient in the art of war. We've lost under a million soldiers over the last hundred years, and the bulk of those we did lose were due to battles with the Volgrim in space. On the ground, the Hypersuit Commandos were effectively unstoppable, doling out death in the tens of millions to demons and Volgrim alike. I have concluded that our ground forces are doing a fantastic job, even when we're in the lair of the enemy and in unfamiliar territory."

Jason paused for a moment as uncertainty crossed over his face. "As you all know, I am from the future. In the future I come from, I lived in the labyrinth and fought the demons for well over a decade. A curious fact about the labyrinth then and now is that in the future I come from, its paths shift, whereas here in this time, they are static. This has given us a great boon in that we have fully mapped out over twenty percent of its corridors." Despite the fact he was giving good news, Mr. Hiro seemed suspicious of something, but he didn't elaborate.

"The fact we have mapped out a fifth of the enemy's world gives us lots of strategic options. I would like to establish forward bases and teleportation rooms inside their lair, while simultaneously focusing on eliminating their presence on Earth. Additionally, I am planning to deploy nuclear weapons inside the labyrinth, deep inside where our own forces will be unaffected. My own clones will be the ones to do this with the aid of Hypersuits."

Jason Hiro's comments on nuclear weapons made the entire audience start chattering to each other quietly, some people murmuring about whether such a thing would be a good idea. One researcher spoke up, deciding to air his thoughts. "Commander, with all due respect, wouldn't nuclear weapons be rather ineffective inside the labyrinth, given that it's essentially half the size of planet Earth itself? Do we even know if this will be more than a blip on the radar compared to the vast number of demons inside?"

Jason shrugged, a move that made other members of the audience give him looks of hesitation. "Honestly, the size of the labyrinth is half the size of Earth, but because the whole thing is essentially a hollow maze of corridors and rooms for gestation and breeding of demons, it probably has the same surface area as Earth, maybe more. Keep in mind I'm not talking about a few nuclear weapons, but many. Easily a hundred will be dropped in key locations. I'm going to strategically target key chokepoints and heavily traversed passages to try and limit their movement. If we kill a few million of the bastards, or even more, it was a productive move."

"Do we know how many demons are inside the labyrinth?" A woman on the other side of the room wearing military garb spoke up.

"Billions. I can't even get a good estimated number, because we don't know what 80% of the labyrinth looks like. I do know though that the number is more than the sum of humanity's lives, so let that fact haunt you at night." Jason licked his lips as he glanced back around at the audience. "Anyway, beyond killing the demons, we need to look into repurposing other planets for humanity's use. Trifrancium will be needed to rapidly explore and colonize the nearby parts of the galaxy, and we need to find a steady source of it among nearby stars. In fact..."

Jason paused and looked around the audience for a moment, as if searching for someone. "I think there's someone here today that found such a likely planet. I, ah, forgot her name though." He scratched his head for moment as a look of embarrassment crossed his face. Amy quickly stood up and smiled.

"That would be me, Amy Gutierrez. A pleasure to, err, see you again, Supreme Commander." She felt her face redden as his eyes met hers.

"Oh, sorry, we've met before? Shoot, I don't mean to be rude but..." Jason paused for a moment, and Amy was about to elaborate, but then he cocked his head slightly, as if listening to an unknown informant. "Aha, now I remember. It just came back to me all of a sudden. You were on the moon base, decades ago, and were one of the pilots who helped protect us from the Volgrim. Based on the tiny bit of information I've seen in your profile, you seem to have had quite the illustrious career." He beckoned for her to step forwards.

As she did, she blushed again and indicated Jorge, sitting beside her. "This is my husband, Jorge. He was on a separate mission to explore the galaxy in the third quadrant."

Jason's eyes lit up for a moment. "Oh, yes. You didn't find any planets that would be immediately suitable for life, but I was informed you did find several planets ideal for mining, some which might contain Trifrancium. Both of you, come on up here."

Amy shot a glance at her husband who returned a smile to her. They quickly stood and walked up front.

Jorge swallowed as he approached the blonde mountain of a man. In person, he was only slightly less intimidating than Stonewall, who Jorge had never actually spoken to but had seen several times in the past. Jason seemed like Stonewall's superior in the physical department though, as his body looked to be made of 250 pounds of solid muscle.

"Alright, I'd like to hear your thoughts on the planet you discovered, Mrs. Gutierrez. I've already looked at the reports regarding it carefully, but I want to hear your opinion as head of the expedition that discovered it."

Jason stared at Amy expectantly and she felt her heart racing slightly. "W-well, it was high in nitrogen and carbon dioxide concentration, and totally barren of course, but given your ability to terraform planets I assumed that you might be able to make it habitable. We found only trace amounts of oxygen, and very little hydrogen, so I'm not really even sure it was as big of a discovery as my team thought..."

Her voice trailed off as she felt her hands shaking slightly. She suddenly became acutely aware that she was standing in front of a crowd of two hundred onlookers, which only made her shaking more obvious. Jason, however, seemed to be completely oblivious.

"I can work with that. The most important thing is distance to the star. If the planet is in the habitation zone, I can remake everything about it as needed. I simply don't have the power to create an entire planet by itself though, so your discovery was the most important of all our expedition teams. You should feel proud of yourself!"

Amy felt her body warm up slightly at his words of praise, as well as the fact her husband was gazing at her back.

Jason continued. "In any case, we're going to be sending a force to that planet along with two of my clones. I plan to create a portal, like I did for Volgarius, so we can begin sending humans there at a rapid rate once it's been established. As for why I called you up front, I'd love it if you and your husband could lead the expedition to the planet. This way, you'll truly have your name carved into the history books."

Jason stared at Amy expectantly, but she felt her stomach flip-flop and her smile fade. "Well, that is very generous, Commander, but I don't think we can accept. We have a daughter and leaving her behind is not an option. We also wouldn't want to bring her along and take her away from her friends."

Jason froze for a moment. "Oh. My apologies, I didn't even think about something like that." He scratched his chin for a moment. "I really do want one of you on the mission though, if possible I'd prefer you go, Amy. You were the one who discovered Revival, so it would be ideal if you received credit for establishing humanity's first outpost outside of our solar system."

Jorge coughed and spoke up. "Err, well, we'll have to talk about this privately. Can we have a few days to think about it?"

Jason nodded as he smiled and extended his hand out to Jorge. "Sure thing! Just let me know what your decision is by the end of June. We're rolling out at the start of July and need to have the protocols ready and crew manifest completed. If you two won't be leading the expedition, I'll have to find an alternate."

"Thank you, sir. We'll see how this goes." Jorge reached out and shook Jason's hand, wincing as the titan of a man nearly crushed his hand.

Amy and her husband quickly walked back and sat down in their seats, Amy still feeling rather lightheaded from the presence of the new Supreme Commander up so close. She hadn't felt this when she met him in her youth, though that may have been because he wore a Hypersuit and she couldn't see his face.

By now, Jorge was beginning to feel more than a little jealous. "Would you quit staring at him?"

Amy blinked twice and then quickly flicked her gaze down. "Sorry, I just can't help it. Something about him is... I don't know."

Amy sighed to herself. Jorge just couldn't understand, as a man, what it was she felt when she looked at the commander. And frankly, neither could she.