Part 217a

Amy sat on the couch watching her favorite TV show, Dora the Explorer. As she watched Dora going on an adventure, she wobbled her legs back and forth, trying to touch the floor.

While she watched, the TV suddenly changed to a different channel, something about an open room filled with lots of people. "Mommy! The cartoons went away! Mommy!"

Her mother, Laura Sandoval, walked around the corner slowly, glancing down at her smartphone in confusion. It had just changed from a mobile game app she was playing to a streaming video of a large conference of some sort. The TV had changed channel as well, and the radio in the kitchen, usually playing Pop Songs on KTZL 104.5FM, was now playing the exact same conference over the radio.

"I'm not sure why it's doing that." Laura said, as she pressed the channel and volume buttons on the TV. The remote seemed to have no effect and she had thought it was dead, but the TV itself seemed to not be responding.

While she fiddled with the buttons, a sudden blast of light appeared on the screen, making her hop back in surprise.

Onscreen, a man dressed all in white appeared as she and billions of other people around the world leaned in to stare at their devices in confusion.

...................................................................

"Whether we choose to believe you? Why are you here? This is ridiculous." Saburo felt almost annoyed at the sudden appearance of the stranger, though his heart was beating fast. _Shit, what if this guy is a terrorist? He could kill over a hundred major world leaders in seconds. How did he get in here anyway, this is supposed to be more secure than Guantanamo Bay._

As he asked the question, security from the place immediately rushed up to the stranger floating in the air. As they whipped out their pistols to aim at him, his visor on his face closed, and a moment later, every single guard in the room fell over and slumped to the ground. _Holy shit, did he just kill them all?!_

"Everyone, I want you all to remain seated and calm." The man's mouth visor was already open again. It opened and closed so rapidly and silently you might even miss it if you weren't paying attention. "Let me first say that I mean you no harm. I am not here to set off a bomb, kill, or maim anyone. Those guards are merely unconscious. However, if anyone takes lethal action against me, I will retaliate in kind. _Do I make myself clear?_ "

His booming, masculine voice bounced around the room. People in the audience were visibly shaking, some were swallowing hard as they stared in mute terror.

"...Excellent. I see I've gotten your attention. I thought this would be the best way to make my presence known to the world, and especially the leaders of the world."

"W-who are you? Why are you here?" The president of the United States, Steven Johannesburg, felt himself shaking visibly as he stared up at the potential terrorist, but the situation seemed precarious and he dared not say a word to make the man do anything rash.

"Like I already said, I am the Judicator. I'm a time traveler from a hundred million years in the future. I have come to warn humanity of an existential threat on the horizon. Something that will bring about an end to all life as we know it. A threat so grim that even-" The masked man tilted his head slightly at the president, a knowing nod of sorts. "-even the Penitas Research doesn't hold a candle to its danger."

Steven's expression instantly hardened. _Who the fuck is this son of a bitch? That's beyond the highest top secret clearance level knowledge._ "How do you know about-" Stevens caught himself. If he mentioned it here, and a smart world leader caught wind, it could blow the whole lid off their existence. "...Fine. I understand that you definitely aren't playing around. Do you have any demands?"

Minister Sokolov watched with fascination. _The president seems to be shifting uncomfortably. I might be able to make good use of this stranger in a more private setting. He seems to know something important._

"I have no demands. I'm here to give a warning, and offer a call to action. Humanity needs to end all of its petty wars with its own species. No more fighting amongst ourselves, period. We need to join hands with... the _others_ and cooperate in order to defeat the external threat, if things should turn violent."

Sokolov interjected, tossing himself into the conversation. Speaking politely, he stared directly at the eye-plate of the helmet that the masked man wore. "Mister Judicator, you seem to be a man of much influence here, yet you are being very vague. What is this threat that we face? What is this threat that would make a flying man who can knock out a dozen men with guns in a single moment nervous?"

'Judicator' paused for a moment as he thought about it. "This will, almost invariably, sound preposterous, but I assure you it is the truth. Earth will soon, in the near future, come under attack by aliens. By the end of the 24th century, they will somehow, possibly, manage to wipe out all life on the planet."

Instantly, the crowd that was once frozen in terror broke the silence as people quickly began muttering among each other about this and that.

"Aliens? Well... you had me until that." Stevens leaned back in his chair. Despite his words, he was wondering if there wasn't a grain of truth to it. Every supposed UFO rumor from the 50's was totally false, and every president was able to see the black sites for themselves, along with Area 51 and all those other supposed alien landing sites. It was all false, every last bit of it, as far as he knew. Yet this visitor displayed extraordinary powers, right along the same power type that the secret allies of the USA also had, as well as their enemies.

Only the USA knew about the existence of angels and demons, and even then it was only a handful of extremely high ranking government personnel, and of course the billionaires who truly ran the country, along with the rest of the world.

One of the things that had mystified the world for over a century was why the USA was so damn dogged in its defense of religious liberty, and why so many Americans _swore_ they had seen angels. To be fair, most of those rumors were totally true. It was documented in secret books of past societies that certain influential humans of the past had been classified as 'heroes' possessing extraordinary powers and abilities.

And when he thought about it, Stevens kept thinking to himself that this man floating in the air had a high probability of being a Type 3 energy candidate. If that were the case, the chances he was evil or trying to harm humanity was extremely low. He _might_ be a demon, but if that were the case he'd have likely taken the opportunity to kill everyone here, or mind control them all, or something like that.

The man floating in the air shrugged. "I don't expect the leaders of the world to believe me immediately, but you had better believe this: I have created a massive armada that is ready to defend Earth. I need volunteers, men or women, I care not, to pilot them and protect the planet. The reason I have come here today is to gauge interest in protecting this planet. If you will offer up a portion of your military strength, as a truly united front for humanity, we can change the future. We can prevent the total and complete destruction of our homeworld."

The man's visor closed once again, as a series of holographic images floated in the air all around him. Various mecha fighting robots, spaceships of varying sorts, and images of his massive hangar came into view. Audible gasps and sharp intaking of air were heard, as people in the room beheld the multiple marvels he put on display.

Saburo watched silently from the rear, as all of this happened. _Whoever this man is, he seems to have convinced the United States that he's for real, and this holographic stuff is extremely convincing. He must be serious._ Saburo leaned forwards as he rested his chin on his splayed out hands.

Sokolov stared intently at the holographic images, and decided to pounce. He was not a man to wait around quietly and think. "Mister Judicator! I accept your generous offer! On behalf of the proud nation of Russia, I offer twenty percent of my country's troops! May you find favor with them, and be inclined to remember this gift in future deals."

Stevens stuffed down a glare he felt like shooting at Sokolov. _This is the worst case scenario. I can't let the Russians get ahold of any of this top secret information._ "Judicator, I too believe you will be a great _hero_ to humanity. I will pledge 20% of the United States' troops to the cause as well." He put emphasis on the word Hero, and noted that Judicator's head wobbled slightly. _Good, he noticed._

Other nations stepped up to bat, metaphorically speaking. By the end of that first hour, over twenty million troops were pledged to fight the alien threat.

...................................................................

Laura stared at the TV vacantly. _Aliens? He can't be serious. But all of my devices tuned in to C-SPAN at the same time, that wasn't a coincidence. And the Russian Prime Minister along with our own president believed him. He must be for real._

Amy cheerfully hopped up and down. "Aliens are coming! Aliens are coming! That's so cool! I'm gonna fight them when I grow up!"

Laura nodded slowly, as she forced a smile for her daughter's sake, pushing back tears of fear so her daughter wouldn't notice. "Yes, baby girl. The aliens... are coming..."

Laura didn't sleep that night. Neither did billions of other people.