Part 271a: Passion

"What are you playing at, old man? Do you want to fight?"

I eyed the aged demon carefully. Despite his looks, I'd learned in the past that things were not always what they seemed. Remembering a certain crocodile and how he had shattered my expectations brought a rather nostalgic memory to mind.

Still, even as I stood up and eyed the short old demon up and down, I couldn't really find him 'intimidating'. His diminutive presence meant that I would have to knock him out, but I didn't want to hurt him too badly. I'm a sap when it comes to respecting my elders.

"Alright, grandpa. Listen, if you want to talk, I'll talk, but can it wait until I beat the devil out of Satan? This is really not the time."

Agares smirked at me. "You're not afraid of a little old man are you?" From behind me, a pseudo-angel screamed in pain as she was cut down violently and torn into pieces by vicious scyther variants. I whipped my head back to see what was going on, and noted with alarm that the Volgrim were deploying some sort of mecha battle armors onto the field, more bulky than my own Hypersuit, but still powerful enough to tear the angels to shreds.

Luckily, my clones seemed to be holding out.

I turned back to the old man to catch a slight glimpse of disgust on his face as he eyed the carnage behind me. When he saw me looking at him, it quickly vanished.

"I'm not afraid of you, not in the slightest. I simply don't have time for this... whatever it is you want to talk about."

"Keh, youth are always so impatient, always in a rush. Listen, boy, I'm going to tell you something that might surprise you, just the slightest bit." Agares turned his chin up slightly as he said this. "Not all demons like war, and even some of us demon generals aren't fond of it, you see? I've been fighting gods, angels, titans, humans, and heroes for too damn long! This old man wants to settle down with some nice demon girls, maybe some human girls, and call it a life, you see?"

I blinked at him slowly. "All right, you're definitely insane. You picked one hell of a time to have a midlife crisis, old man. I don't have time for this." I started to turn my back on him, but suddenly he appeared in front of me as I looked in the opposite direction.

"Hey! I didn't say you could leave, idiot. You can't just walk away when I'm talking to you." Agares glared at me as he licked his lips. "Forget about this battle, your stupid clones are doing all the fighting anyway. One more o' ye ain't gonna do a thing to help."

"I don't have time for this! Get out of my way!" I felt my irritation bubble over as I jumped at him, swinging at him with an open palm to slap the old codger out of my way.

Instead, I hit nothing but air. He was suddenly gone, as I heard a voice behind me. "Oy... did you just... take a swing at me..."

It wasn't a question. I could almost taste the angry edge to his voice, but I had just about enough of his games as well.

"Nice dodging, grandpa. If you stay out of my way, I won't have to make the next one connect."

"The youth of this generation weren't made like the ones from a few prior. Respect has gone out the window..."

As he finished speaking, I felt a sudden SLAP across the side of my visor, as I went flying to the side, tumbling end over end, landing face down in the clouds.

"Jesus, you hit like a truck, old man!"

I heard a different voice speak up this time though, a female voice. "It wasn't he that gave you a walloping, little man."

I quickly jerked my head up to see Samantha's face staring down at me, just in time to see her rearing her leg back for a mighty kick. There was no avoiding this one. I simply braced myself with all my might, as her foot drove deep into my stomach, blasting me straight up in the air like a wild and crazy field goal that went too out of control.

My suit's alarms screamed at me as the autopilot took over for a moment, ejecting blasts of heat to stop my crazy spinning that was making me horribly nauseous. As I righted myself, I jerked back as I saw Samantha's face again, as she had jumped up right in front of me, her fists both raised above my body, as she slammed down, _hard_.

I smashed into the ground faster than I could even register the movement, my entire body spinning dizzily as I lay there, just trying to register what had happened.

"Belial, Satan gave this task to me. You shouldn't interfere." Agares grumbled at her as she landed a few seconds later, her impact smooth and graceful, as if it had been a tiny hop over a puddle instead of a two hundred foot fall down to incredibly hard clouds.

"I'm bored. Satan didn't give me anyone fun to fight, and he's having all the fun beating up the gods by himself. This hero will have to amuse me for a while." She was of course wearing another ridiculously revealing outfit, just like the one she had worn in the future, though this was more of a white silken undergarment one might see in a lingerie catalog, rather than those strange fetishy black 'strings' she wore when I knew her.

I jumped to my feet quickly, after taking a few seconds to reorient my positioning. "Samanth- err, Belial. Nice to uh, err well, I mean, uh-" I found myself slopping my words badly, not sure whether to greet her in a friendly manner, or treat her as an enemy. She surely regarded me as an enemy, though I couldn't say the same for myself towards her...

"Excellent, you heard him say my name. You're such an observant human." She rolled her eyes as she flicked her long black hair over her shoulder to her backside. "Come now, Satan has told me you were a foe who nearly killed him. Let's see how you fare against the strongest demoness in Hell!"

I gazed at her up and down carefully. One thing I knew from the sparring I'd done with her in the future was that she was unbelievably strong, specifically in physical strength. If Hercules was supposed to be the strongest Hero, then Samantha, err, Belial... she was supposed to be the strongest demon, by her own admission.

But, I only ever lost to her a few times. She has good speed and tremendous strength, along with an arsenal of magical abilities, but she's more of a brute-force fighter. Beating her should be quite doable...

I just don't want to kill her. If I kill her, that could change the future tremendously.

As I stood there dumbly thinking thoughts about the future, she scowled at me. "Not going to make the first move, huh? Probably too afraid to hit a girl. Fucking humans, let me beat those thoughts out of your thick head!"

She dashed forwards at me and I recognized it as a feint she had pulled on me during many training maneuvers. Her right fist pulled back like she was going to punch with it, but her left fist was already cocked and ready to strike where the opponent didn't see it coming.

I dodged away from her left fist, towards her right, which caught her off guard. Deciding to go with the flow, she instead punched with her right fist at me. "You dodged right into your death, idiot!"

"No." I spoke one simple word as I deftly batted her right fist away from myself, delivering a hard slap to her back as she stumbled forwards.

Of course, it didn't hurt her, but she jerked her head up, miffed that I had so expertly deflected her initial attack. "Satan wasn't kidding, you're a talented fighter."

"No. I just have... experience... with this sort of thing..."

Damn. Now that I'm face to face with her, I want to tell her about myself, about us... I can't bear to seriously fight her. If it just meant a fight of attrition, I could easily hold her off with my foreknowledge of her fighting techniques for a very long while.

But there's a war raging. To my alarm, I note that while the demon/Volgrim death toll has finally risen to one million, the angels and gods have already lost 47.3 million warriors. Not good. I don't have time to keep fighting these two, and while I might be able to kill them... I don't want to, at least not Samantha.

"Hmm?" Agares suddenly glances over in my direction. "Something just occurred to me. You initially treated Belial here as if you might know her. Then you deflected a feint that has skewered many a foe, and you did it as if it were muscle memory..."

She glanced over at Agares quickly. "Old croc', what are you trying to say? Out with it!"

I felt my stomach churn as the old man had a gleam in his eye.

"He's from the future, you know. I think he's fought you before. You two might even be mortal enemies in the time he comes from."

I had braced myself for the worst, but... it seems he was only halfway on the right track. _Lucky_.

But I quickly came to a decision as they looked at each other and back to me. In the blink of an eye, my visor closed, as I aimed my word magic at both of them. " **SLEEP!** "

The two of them suddenly started wobbling, as their eyes started forcing themselves shut.

"What... what the devil is... is this... mag... ic..." Belial groggily stumbled forwards as she collapsed in a heap at my feet. The old man lasted a few seconds longer, as he fought mightily against the force my magic placed on his brain.

"Gah... fiend... you'll kill us... while we sleep?! You're no... better... than the..." He didn't get to finish his sentence, as he fell down in the same ungraceful manner as she did.

"No. I have no quarrel with either of you." I spoke to the two sleeping husks, as I teleported them to the rear of the battlefield, in a small enclave where they wouldn't be seen.

With both of them dead asleep, I had now confirmed something important. Satan had only protected himself against my word magic. Not even his beautiful queen was protected. Why? Was there something going on behind the scenes? What was this game he was playing at?

Ignoring my thoughts, I quickly began to make my way past heaps of corpses towards Satan in the distance. Naturally, he saw me coming, and a grimace sprouted.

I couldn't hear what he was saying, but the Hypersuit lip-read for me.

"Damn. He already took care of the old man. He'll pay for that."

I don't think he'll politely listen while I try to clear up the misunderstanding.
