Part 011:

I wake up quickly. I slept all "night" (If such a thing exists in this place) with the orb buried under several layers of mattress so that the light wouldn't keep me awake. Waking up, I notice the room is very dark, though the light is still so bright that it slightly gives the room a dull glow.

Pulling the orb out from under the covers slowly, I wince as the brightness flows into my eyes. But given a few minutes, my eyes adjust and I stare at it. The orb is definitely not a normal thing. Nothing here is, but this orb seems very special. It gives me abilities that are beyond human. It lets me see things I shouldn't be able to see. As long as it's in my possession I can do things no human should be able to do.

Looking at it more closely, I note that there seems to be little... _things_ moving around inside the orb. Almost like little worms made of light, rapidly zipping around, back and forth.

As I stare at the orb, I get a feeling in my body, a strange buzzing feeling, like a gnat right beside my ear. I swat at it, but the feeling stays.

"...you?"

A voice seems to whisper in my ear.

"...are you?"

It's becoming more distinct.

"Who are you?" It suddenly clears up and speaks to me, right in my mind. It's telepathically communicating to me, but it almost feels like someone is whispering loudly in my ear.

"Me? I'm just... a time traveler, I guess." I figure maybe it's the orb speaking to me. Can't be that farfetched now, can it?

The orb however, grows silent, perhaps satisfied with my answer. It no longer speaks to me. Okay, well, I guess it just wanted to know who had the audacity to touch it, maybe?

Getting off the bed, I go back into the kitchen hub room and walk to the refrigerator-type utility in the wall. I had eaten all the chicken that was there and it probably has nothing left. Pressing the button, I'm stunned to see that there is more food in there, this time, an amazing looking delicious cake. It's chocolate, with black frosting covering the entire thing, and cherries on top, and in the center is a single candle.

As I reach for it, and pull it out, I'm dumbfounded to see that the moment I touch it and pull it out of the fridge, it becomes another chicken.

"The cake is a lie..." I whisper.

Eating the chicken after carefully cooking it, I head out the door, with my trusty orb in hand, and walk out to the main hallway and the room of El-Dorado's treasure hoard, as I have now coined it.

Walking around the room, I decide to head down another door that is directly across from the safe room I just left. Inside it, I notice many things immediately.

-We're back to a total lack of illumination, the hallway is completely dark.

-The floor is no longer smooth dirt, it's roughed up, and beaten up, with potholes here and there, clumps of dirt tossed here and there, the whole thing looks completely messy compared to the floors I've walked on since arriving here.

-The ceiling is still made of smooth dirt, as are the walls.

And as I walk down the hallway, I notice many doors on the right and then the left, and then the right again. 9 doors in total. They alternate, one on the right, one on the left, one on the right, and so on.

When I get to the end of the hallway, I spot another door, this one of a size comparable to most doors I've entered before. I decide not to go through it yet though, I want to see what's going on among these smaller side doors first.

Walking back to the entrance of this hallway, I hesitantly push on the first door.

It doesn't budge.

Odd, every door I've tried to enter so far has been little or no resistance. This door is firmly stuck on something. I pause to weigh the options. What if it's stuck on something I don't want to know about? What if there's a monster behind the door?

These don't really matter. If this place wanted me dead, it had many opportunities already. I shove the door, putting all my strength into it.

"Orb, if you have any power, now would be a great time to use it!"

My muscles suddenly surge as I put my all into it, and the door, pushing past whatever was obstructing it, suddenly flies open and I stumble into a small room and fall on the floor.

The floor is smooth.

Oh no.

There are four pillars.

Oh god.

There's writing on the pillars.

死が来ます

死が来ます

死が来ます

And at the back side of the room. There's a broken down cryopod, torn to pieces.

The walls are covered in blood.
