Part 148

I find myself walking towards the castle, with an angel girl on my right arm, and a demon girl on my left. Not going to lie, this does feel pretty badass. They keep looking at each other and winking, like they have some secret they're hiding from me. I feel like whatever the secret is, I'm going to find out soon enough.

Cassiel was excited to get her new armor, and, as I expected, Samantha got a little bit jealous that _she_ didn't get anything. However, to her delight, I'd already made her some sexy, albeit functionally useless, new armor. It's really just more of... um... a leather thong and skirt along with something to cover up her knockers, and it really doesn't hide much beyond that... but it does come with a cool electro-whip! I'm actually kind of terrified to see how she'll use it on demons in the labyrinth, given her sadistic and playful side.

Not to mention how she might use it on _me_... that's a story for another day.

As we approach the castle, I'm getting looks of jealousy and admiration from many manner of folks, all of them shooting shocked expressions and glares my way. I don't really like the attention, but soon, I won't have to worry about it.

We arrive in the armory again, and the girls mercifully let go of my arms. Do they think I'm going to flee? Who would?

Cody is there again. "God King! Err, Hero? Whatever you prefer. Anyway, we've started using the Replicator, and it is giving us fantastic results!"

I grin gleefully. "I can't wait to see it! Show me what you've been up to."

He does. I'm flabbergasted. The entire hangar on Mars has over 250 of those suits made. He must have been replicating them nonstop since yesterday.

Two cadets are in the suits, having a mock battle in the center of the room. The speed of the suits is terrible, but the strength is colossal. Every time they pound their fists against each other, it makes the sound of a small explosion.

Cody stares intently at the battle. "As strong as they are, and as sure as I am they they would crush most low level demons, I still feel that the suits have a lot of vulnerabilities in the combat department that any smart enemy would seize on quickly."

I nod. "You're right. They are actually terrible close combat suits, they're meant for ranged warfare."

I hold up the blaster and he stares at it quizzically. "What's this?"

"This is what will make the suits go from dangerous to nearly unstoppable. It's called a blaster, and I'm going to make a variant just for them."

I aim my hand at an empty space in the hangar, make a target, and fire at it to show my point. The explosion convinces him instantly. "I can't wait!"

Ten minutes later, it sits in front of me. A massive blaster that fires semi-automatically. If you pull the trigger, the enemy dies. I even found a way to make it recharge by drawing from the user's spiritual energy pool. Since humans tend to never use their energy, this makes it have a lot more ammunition than a regular gun, while not having to lug around said ammunition.

The gun was actually so big and bulky that I found it difficult to carry, but once I got inside a Mechasuit, it was a piece of cake.

Cody and his team grinned widely as they saw the power of the blaster. "This is almost making it too easy, isn't it, Hero?"

I shrug. "It's only as easy as you want it to be."

And before I leave today, there's just one more matter to take care of.