Part 128:

Once again, I found myself staring into the flickering firelight. Raphael stared into it too, neither of us saying anything at first.

I broke the silence. "I was betrayed."

Raphael raised an eyebrow. "All good men are, eventually. The only people who are never betrayed are those not worth betraying in the first place."

I closed my eyes as I warmed myself at the fire. "Raphael... you told me, when we last spoke, that you would be the one asking the questions when I next came. What did you mean by that?"

Raphael nodded slowly. "I have many questions I wish to ask of you, truth be told. But now you know the secret, you know you can visit me whenever you wish to, just as you can visit the other two."

I smiled slightly. "So will you answer my questions first? If you don't then I may die and be unable to answer your questions in the future."

Raphael frowned at me. "Careful now, you're starting to become smarter. That is logic that I hear you using."

"Haha, yes, I suppose it is." I chuckled wryly. "Raphael. How can I free myself from this mess? Must I wait for a savior?"

Raphael looked up from the fire at me as I opened my eyes and met his. "Surely you jest. You were given a divine title by my younger brother. _Hero_. Does a Hero do the rescuing, or is he one to be rescued?"

I shook my head. "You're right, of course. I have to be the Hero and rescue myself. Haaaah, it just seems impossible."

Raphael looked back down at the fire. "You misunderstand. I neither said it was good nor bad to do either one of those things. Perhaps you _should_ be rescued. After all, a true Hero needs to rely on his companions, as well as himself."

I shook my head again. "No, it's wrong. I don't need to be rescued. I should do this myself. I got myself into this situation by trusting others too easily, I need to get myself out."

"Trusting in others is not a bad thing. Trusting too easily though, that is something that is remedied with experience. Even I was betrayed once. All of the angels were."

I jerked my head up. "What? You were betrayed?!"

Raphael gazed back down, into the fire, as he closed his eyes and a single tear slipped out. "I was betrayed. Betrayed by one I thought a friend. A friend I had known since as far back as I dared remember. He slipped a figurative knife into not just my back... but the back of everyone that I knew."

I could sense tears welling up as he spoke. Those wise old eyes... Compared to my friendship of ten years with Adams... surely his betrayal cut more deeply than anything I could possibly imagine.

"Raphael. Do you know? Do you know how I can escape this place?"

Raphael raised a feeble old hand up and wiped the tears from his eyes. "What if I were to tell you? What good would that do for me? Do you expect me to do you a favor for free?"

I paused. To be honest, I did. But... he's lost everything. I don't know what I could possibly do to...

I'll try the simple approach. "What do you want me to do for you? If it's within my power, I will do anything."

Raphael nodded and smiled, for the first time ever. It was a sweet smile, reminding me of a tender grandfather as he looked at the moving form of a baby grandchild.

"I was only jesting, young child. But... I want you to make me a promise."

I paused. A... promise? "Of course. What is it?"

Raphael heaved a small sigh. "I want you to promise me... you'll end this war. The whole war. Make peace with the demons. Not just the ones outside, but the ones inside your heart."

I closed my eyes again. Make peace? With... the demons?

"Why would you ask this of me?"

Raphael stared at me intently. "The demons won the war against the angels. They killed everyone I knew. But... we deserved it. Angels are not the arbiters of justice. We were a corrupt, immoral group. We... _deserved_ to lose."

He stared again at the fire. "Demons, humans, angels. They only do what is in their own self-interest. I don't have all the answers. I'm not all knowing. I'm not truly the wisest, despite what they may say. But I do know this: The demons are not evil. They have many positive qualities, they do many good things for each other. They lack certain flaws that both angels and humans possess."

"And, if you promise me to make peace, you must promise me one other thing. Protect Cassiel. She is the very last living angel. Despite being a reborn human, and not a true angel... she's the last remaining one of us. I beg you... protect her. I don't want... to see us... go extinct."

I nodded slowly, for the last time. "Tell me what I must do. I will do anything to fulfill your wishes."

"Good. I thank ye, Hero. Go now, and speak to Gabriel. Of my brothers, he is the one that will be able to help you escape."

I stood up, and bowed my head. "Thank you, Lord Raphael. I _will_ escape. I _will_ end this awful war. I will do what must be done."

Raphael stood up and walked over to me. Placing his hand on my shoulder, I once again felt a surge of magic enter my body. "Farewell, Hero King."

I came to, seconds later, still suspended in darkness.

_Gabriel._
