Part 423b: The Calm

I keep rubbing my arms, trying to wake them up, but no matter what I do the cold won't go away. I'm in my regular clothes now, the same jumpsuit every other person on Earth wears, yet I feel so distant from them. They aren't like me. They walk down these white halls, staring at devices in their hands, only occasionally glancing up to make sure they don't bump into things.

I can't call him Master anymore. He's just Jason, now. Only now that I've finally spoken to him do I realize how much I miss him. He's cruel, heartless, and emotionally distant in many ways. Somehow, I feel that it's all an act. I remember when a wound from training was causing me a lot of pain. He told me to just grit my teeth and bear it, but only a minute later he couldn't stand to hear me crying, so he healed the wound. He told me at the time that it was just because I was irritating him, but was that the only reason?

I step into the hovercar and press a button, sending it flying back to Feldmann's headquarters. His small organization had no name and went previously unknown to Jason... until I revealed it by accident. Feldmann needs to know. If I can't be by Jason's side, then perhaps I should just keep doing as Feldmann instructs. I'm getting rid of demon sympathizers, after all.

What kind of monster does what the demons ask? They're pure evil. Anyone beholden to a demon is the worst of the worst, a betrayer of their own people.

At least, that's what Steven says.

Jason's words come back to me. _And how do you know these people are what you think they are?_

Were the people I killed demon collaborators? Steven told me they were. He's honest. Amy says he's honest. Is he, though? Has he ever lied to me? What about all the times he said he'd help me speak to Jason to clear my name, but the plans fell through? Were those lies, or just accidents? He is a busy man, after all.

Steven hates the demons. He isn't lying about that much, I know for sure! My people, the Goldeshians, were enslaved by Danis and given to the demons. I was born in that hell, and Steven hated Danis for what he did. Compared with Jason, who spoke on friendly terms with Yama and the others...

Wait. Is that it, then? Is that what I've been missing, all this time? Maybe it's not Steven who is lying, but Jason. Why would he be so friendly with Yama in the first place? Why have all these new laws he passed come back to hurt humans? Is he actually working with the demons after all?

The Jason I knew, when we met in the Labyrinth, was one who assured me had no interest in doing as Yama asked. He thought of Yama as beneath him. Yama was only a small threat. Jason even joked about ruling the demons if he was going to do anything they wanted him to do.

As my ship lands in Steven's hangar and I get off to head inside, my mind reels from the possibilities.

If Jason is trying to destroy human society, his actions certainly seem the right path to take. Protests, riots, all the chaos I'd expect a destroyer to bring. But if he's trying to destroy it, does that make him wrong?

My footsteps echo off the dingy walls, a sound I've become all too familiar with. The poorly maintained tiled floors have chips and breaks all over, hairline cracks that splinter some of the tiles in half, and stains nobody has ever bothered to clean. We are the resistance, those who fight against the villains threatening to overwhelm human society... but that doesn't mean we're in the right.

Feldmann claims morality is black and white. Demons are wicked, humans are virtuous. I should agree with him, and usually do, but I'm having hesitations. If Jason is the one I've cared most about all this time, and if he supports the demons, where does that leave me? I'm a murderer, after all. Two hundred and five people... that's how many I've killed by Steven's orders. That doesn't even count the people I eliminated before I met him. I can't pretend Jason is evil and I'm good and virtuous... even if I'm murdering evildoers.

My head hurts. I don't know what to do. Maybe thinking about what I 'should' do is wrong. I need to do what I want. I can't keep letting other people dictate my life for me. I can't keep lying to myself... or to others.

I push open the door at the end of the hall, forcing a smile as I spot Steven to the right. He's playing a violin along with the band in the bar. The soft melody contrasts with the 'jazz' sound that the other musicians usually put out. They have to slow down and speed up to match him because the violin stands out so much from the other instruments.

I sit down at a table and wait for a few minutes, watching him silently. Steven always closes his eyes when he plays. He says it's so he can feel the emotion more intensely when the bow crosses over the strings, but I wonder if it isn't because the music takes him to a different place; a world where he doesn't have the responsibilities he does here.

Freedom sounds fantastic... but it's a pipe dream, in the end.

Finally, the song winds down and Steven opens his eyes. Everyone in the room claps and smiles as he steps down, setting his violin to the side, and walks over to his usual private booth. It's not often the leader of the resistance will go out of his way to play music, especially when he's so talented.

Steven spots me as he walks past, and nods toward his booth wordlessly. I quickly get up to follow him, and a few seconds later we sit down beside each other. The bartender gets us our drinks, and Steven decides to mix it up by having some brandy. As for me, I have the usual; a big mug of vodka. I can't help it. The harder the drink, the more easily I can force the guilt down into my stomach.

"Took you longer than usual. Zachariah must have put up a real fight." Steven's still clasping the violin's bow in his left hand, and he rubs his index finger up and down the bowstring as he talks while using his other hand to chug his alcohol.

"Um, no, not exactly. Zachariah wasn't a problem. He... went down easily. Just like all the others."

Steven laughs. "Haha! Yeah, no kidding. I remember that time you accidentally crushed a barbell, then hurled it through a wall in a fit of rage. You're a super-human, that much is for sure." I pull my eyes away from his, and his voice takes on a curious tone. "I guess it's good everything went well otherwise though, right, Lora?"

"Well, I mean, the kill was smooth as always. It's... it's what happened after the kill... that's where things went differently."

Shit. I shouldn't be saying this, but I have to. Steven is in danger, and Jason isn't a forgiving man. If I don't warn Steven, everything we've worked so hard on will fall apart.

"Go on." He prods me gently, but there's some suspicion in his voice. "You don't usually act so reserved."

"I ran into Jason." I spit the words out quickly, and Steven visibly stiffens in response. "He caught me red-handed. We talked for a few minutes... then he let me go."

I glance up at Steven's face to see a mixture of shock and curiosity. "He didn't have you arrested? That's surprising. You must have fed him an excellent line."

"No, Steven. I didn't. He knows everything now. He knows I'm the Blood Shadow, and he knows you're the one giving me orders."

The shock becomes more palpable on Steven's face as he slaps the violin bow on the counter. "You _told him_?! What the hell were you thinking?"

"I didn't tell him. Steven, I haven't been entirely honest with you. There's... there's something you need to know about Jason Hiro. He's not the man you think he is. He's not your father."

A cockeyed smirk spreads across his lips. "Oh, is that so? Then who is he?"

"I don't know, exactly. But the man you call your father, he was defeated in battle by the Jason you see now. This Jason met me in the Labyrinth, trained me, and enhanced me with his powers. When I killed Danis the first time, he cloned Danis using magic."

Steven blinks slowly and mops at his forehead. "You didn't tell me this before? Why not?"

"I don't know. I wasn't sure of what to do. But now that Jason has realized you're the one causing him trouble, he wanted you to know that the next time he sees you, he'll rip your head off. His words, not mine. It's not too late to stop what we're doing."

Steven surprises me by calmly pulling his mug up to his lips and taking a long, slow chug of his brandy. When he's finished, he sets it back down gently and begins to chuckle. "Uh... huhuhu.... by Saint Joseph's name... huhuhu..." His entire body trembles as he suppresses a laugh deep in his gut. "Now it all makes sense. Everything. The pieces connect perfectly."

I nod along uncomfortably. "Yes. He's a different Jason. That's why comparing him to your father's actions makes no sense. They're entirely different people."

"Huh? No, not that. Don't you see, Lora? The reason you said he was so chummy with the demons... his ability to use magic -assuming he actually can, and it wasn't sleight of hand-, and his actions that are clearly harming humanity. When you add it all up, it comes together in one perfect package."

He pauses, as if for dramatic effect. "This fake Jason isn't a human. He's a demon in disguise."

I blink twice to comprehend what he just said. "Th-that's not right at all! He's human! Why would you even think that?"

Steven shakes his head. "You're still not familiar with the intricacies of the four sentient species, Lora. The Volgrim have psionic abilities, given to them by their technology. Angels have magical powers, but those powers come at the expense of their life force. The demons have their own magic, and it can manifest in many ways. Humans, on the other hand, have zero magical aptitude. It's not possible for a human to have magic. Period."

"But- Jason hates the demons! He always treated Yama, the Second Demon Emperor, disrespectfully! I lived among the demons, Steven. No demon can treat a superior contemptuously."

Steven shakes his head again, and his tongue flicks out to wet his lips. "Under ordinary circumstances, I'd say yes. But now it's obvious! This was a long term plan. Yama's goal is to subvert human rule by putting demon-bribed humans in key places, but the highest office's always remained out of his grasp. By replacing my father with a hand-picked shapeshifter, he's been able to do permanent damage to our species. We're weakened now, and the situation's only getting worse all the time."

Steven suddenly spins in his chair and stands up. "This is what I've been needing. You should have told me sooner, but now I have finally gotten to the root of the problem. Thank you, Lora."

I grab his hand. "Hold on, Steven. What are you planning to do? You can't just be brash."

He pulls away from me and takes a step out into the open. "I'm going to test him. If he's really my father, I'll be at ease. But if he's a demon, he won't be able to hide it."

"Steven! Stop!" My voice is louder now, and a few people nearby take notice, but I don't care. "What about the day your father went into the labyrinth? Don't you think that's a bit strange? You've always made him seem like someone who wouldn't do that!"

"Yes. You're right. I don't know why my father would go into the labyrinth without any guards. Perhaps the demons mind-controlled him. He never was much of a fighter anyway. Maybe he thought he could parley with the demons, get them to stop taking slaves. The point is... I don't know! I don't know why he did what he did!" Steven is hissing at the sides of his mouth as he glares at me. "All I know is what you've told me, and what you said confirmed what I've been thinking for a while now. He's a false demon imposter, and I won't let him get away with his crimes."

With a flourish, Steven spins away and walks to the door.

"Steven, wait! Don't do this! Think more carefully!" I yell after him, but he ignores me. Everyone in the room goes silent as he slams the door.

A girl at the closest table gives me a strange look. "What was that for? And what's all this about his father?"

"It's not your business." I quickly get up and chase after him. Whatever he's planning, it sounds dangerous. Jason is going to kill him!

.................................................

Ben grimaces as we ride the hover-shaft up to my office. "You really had me worried, you know. I thought we'd have to peel you off the side of a hover-shaft, just like this one. Could you be any hastier if you tried?"

"Probably. Does it matter? I have godlike powers. I'll just be reborn as an angel if I die anyway. The threat was minimal."

"I'm SO glad you're an optimist." He shuffles his feet around before walking to the other side of the shaft to stare at me. "Anyway, what happened? Did you manage to catch the Blood Shadow?"

"Yup. The assassin is a familiar face. Lora."

"The Goldeshian girl?" Ben looks confused. " _Lora_ is the professional assassin who's been making mincemeat of politicians and governors all over the system? Of all the people it could possibly be..."

"When you think about it, it fits perfectly into place. There hasn't been another killer among humanity for several thousand years, possibly even millions. I just assumed it was a demon since the murders were executed perfectly every time. In retrospect, the snapped necks should have given it away."

Ben eyes me curiously. "You seem rather calm for someone who just found out that you were betrayed by the very person you trained."

"Betrayed? Yes, I suppose that's an apt description. She killed some people who voted yes on my laws, but she also killed others who voted no. I didn't really know any of them well enough to care about their deaths, so beyond their past and future utility to me, they didn't matter."

Ben swallows. "That's a very inhuman way to look at their lives. Don't you care even a little-" He pauses. "Ah, never mind. I know you better than that."

"Yeah, you do. Anyway, it doesn't matter. Now that I'm aware of who's been the pain in my ass for this last year, I'll take care of him soon. Steven Feldmann's days are numbered. I can't just kill him since he's my son as far as the galaxy knows, and ranked rather high on the leadership totem pole. I'll need to be more subtle about it."

"No kidding. Not to mention that with all the people he's had Lora murder, we have too many vacancies in leadership positions across our core sectors. The Liarus system is in dire straits, for example, and Sirius isn't doing too well either."

"I believe it. I've been debating allowing those who were murdered to return to their duties as angels, in fact. That would solve the manpower shortage."

Benjamin stiffens visibly at my suggestion. "Whoa, whoa! Absolutely not! Just letting some angels return to work in the middle levels is bad enough! We absolutely cannot compromise the upper levels and the heart of government!"

"Right, right. I know you hate angels or whatever, but calm down. Ben, these angels were human as recently as a day ago. Do you honestly think they've been compromised so quickly?"

Ben shakes his head. "It's not that. We don't even know the full extent that angels are manipulated by Zeus and the archangels. If Zeus can give out energy to angels to keep them alive, it stands to reason that he can exert pressure by threatening to cut them off if they don't do as he says and spy on us. It's simply not worth the risk. I'd even prefer you just clone them like you did me."

Oh. That's a pretty good idea. I hadn't even thought of it until just now, but since he mentions it...

The Hover-shaft slows as we reach the top. Once it stops and the door opens, we hustle our way down to my office.

"I'll have to think about it, Ben. It takes quite a lot of energy to clone people, and I'm not sure I want to weaken myself like that just yet."

So few people I can trust. Ben _might_ be one, since he's a clone I made. Then again, I have no reason to believe that cloned beings are at all safe to treat lightly.

A minute later, we round the corner to my office and- oh. I'm hardly even surprised to see the archangel, Gabriel, standing there waiting for me.

"Supreme Commander, Jason Hiro. I'm sorry to bug you. I've been waiting a while."

I groan inwardly, but force a smile. "Gabriel, no need to feel anxious. I'm always here for a _friend_. What can I help you with?" I let the 'friend' hiss out of my mouth, but the archangel doesn't appear to pick up on it.

"Oh, well, it's regarding the energy supply. Zeus has noted that total energy output over the last year continues to drop steadily every month. We suspect that it's because-"

I raise a hand to cut him off. "I already know the reason. On top of the suicide rates of people who see how great it is to be an angel, there are also the people who only stop praying because they think exactly the opposite; that it's awful being an angel. We're working on counter-measures."

Ben pipes up. "Ah, but how are the Volgrim holding up as a backup? We understand that asking for their help might not be ideal, but we hope they are a decent alternative."

Gabriel waves his hand through the air. "Oh, the Volgrim are excellent. Their numbers are far smaller than that held by humanity, but the amount of spiritual energy is much greater. Quality, not quantity, I suppose you could say."

"I suppose so." I gesture to my office. "Let's go and discuss this inside. I needed to use my office computer to do some work, anyway."

Gabriel offers no protest, and we head inside. As we walk, I glance over at the desk where my dutiful new assistant is working hard. Unlike that worthless girl, Stephanie, this man is punctual, polite, and always works hard.

"Keep up the good work, Silver."

He looks up at me and smiles. "Yes, sir! Glad to be of service!"

What a hard worker. I wish everyone could be as talented.

.................................................

Two figures stand atop a skyscraper, staring up at the buildings that dwarf theirs, stretching for miles up into the sky. The air, bitter and acrid, swirls around them, but the woman's body projects an invisible field around herself and her companion, to protect them. Her beautiful white armor glistens, even in spite of the dim sunlight that barely pieces the smog in all directions. She rests her hand on the majestic sword at her waist and sighs.

"Grok, are we certain this is the right stream? I feel as though we are in the second layer of Hell, one that extends into a realm we should never see. To imagine this is the stream where everyone will converge; it's absurd."

The massive green orc beside her nods. "This is the only one left, Daisy. We've checked the others, front to back. Based on my notes, we're close. We can finally stop the chaos. We can unravel the threads of fate that bind all realities together. There's just one mystery left to solve."

Daisy swallows, despite the lump in her throat. "We have to find the arbiter of the multiverse's destruction, and stop him ourselves. The Wordsmith is not yet ready for the task."

Grok rubs his hand on the reddish orb atop his staff. "We don't know that yet. In fact, we might be the ones to destroy the multiverse. Never presume unless you have all the necessary information, my dear."

"Sorry. I'm just rash, I guess." Daisy grips the sword's hilt tighter. "I just pray I don't have to kill Jason. If push comes to shove, I'll do whatever it takes."

"That's a good attitude. Come on, let's go." Grok rubs her shoulder, and a moment later, both of them vanish. The winds swirl together to envelop the place where they stood just moments earlier.
