Part 445c - Meet The King

Stealth was on the table for at least a minute. I considered sneaking into the palace to see what was going on, but then it occurred to me that this _is_ Hero City, named after me, the one who saved it. Even if a few morons think I was banished, or a few guards don't recognize me, I'm still ultimately the highest authority here.

With that in mind, I decide to take the bold strategy and walk in through the front door. The lofty stone wall and gate in front of the palace is a surprise, as are the security guards in front of it. Those weren't there when I left.

"Who goes there?" A greeting identical to the one I received when I entered Hero City is uttered by a blonde woman with a commanding presence. Along with a couple strongmen at each side of the closed gate, she looks to be someone large and in charge.

"I'm Hero. The guy who freed this city from Bahamut. I need to speak with King Cody."

Her lip twitches. "I would remind you that His Excellency is now being referred to by his last name, Elshard. In any case, I do not recognize you." Her eyes flick to Samantha and Cassiel, who both look like humans now, then to Ionis, whose humongous body is hidden under rags and blankets to the extent even his face is invisible. His glowing red eye is shielded, of course.

"Right. King Elshard. Well, if you don't know my face me, perhaps a third party will?" I glance down at my arm just to check and see if my glowing tattoos are visible, but they aren't.

Samantha pipes up. "I worked with a man named Saul, directly under Cody- err, King Elshard, for a while. This was before he was king. Saul, Gunther, either one can confirm our identities."

The blonde woman's demeanor instantly becomes more somber. "Ah, I regret to inform you that as of five days ago, Gold Division Leader, Saul Lorenz, was killed by a demonic ambush. We lost many good men and women in that battle. He won't be able to vouch for you."

Samantha doesn't seem particularly hurt by the news. "That's unfortunate. He was a good man."

The woman brings her hands together and scratches her wrist. "Gunther, as I recall, is out on a field mission. However, since there is a small chance you truly are the one known as 'Hero,' then I will escort you to the king. You should consider yourself fortunate since most others would spit on you, given a chance. I consider myself a pragmatist."

Delightful. "If you don't mind me asking, since I've been gone for a little while, did anything change? Or rather, I know a lot has changed, but I don't know _what_ exactly. I've even heard rumors that the 'King' banished me."

The woman turns to one of the guards and nods, and he quickly hustles away, before she turns back to me. "I really shouldn't be telling you this, nor should I have to, but things are working out quite poorly for humanity. Assuming you are 'Hero,' and I still have no proof for that claim, you left us in quite the mess. The so-called Clone War devastated the palace and took quite some time to clean up. After that, several demons gathered together and rose up to try and assassinate the king, but he managed to survive. Naturally, it was Gold Battalion Leader Saul who stopped the insurrection."

Several thoughts occur to me. "Why would you say that the palace was devastated? I repaired the damage with my magic after the fight."

She gives me a long stare. "I wasn't working in the palace, so I wouldn't know. Based on the condition of the rest of the city, however, I assume your claim is false."

Cassiel clutches Howard a little tighter. "We did leave rather abruptly. I thought it was odd you wanted to get out of Hero City so quickly, Hero."

Now I'm really confused. "That- that's not right at all! I repaired the damage! Furthermore, the rest of the city wasn't even affected! I battled Hope and limited the scope of the battle to the Palace only, then I absorbed him after the battle. I didn't seriously hallucinate all of that, did I?"

Samantha's expression is uncomfortable. "Well, your memory is certainly a little spotty..."

"To say the least," Cassiel says, finishing Samantha's thought for her.

I don't know what to think. The story they're feeding me is different from the one I remember. It's inaccurate. Or is it? I've been having those nightmares, lately. There were the things I predicted that would happen before they did... the missing statues in the room I found Hoarhiim, that memory of Gressil being killed by Cassiel. It can't all just be a bunch of elaborate coincidences. I don't even drink or do drugs!

Before I can pry for more information, several armored men walk up from our right side, and the blonde woman nods at them. "Escort these four to see the king. Keep an eye on the large one, he looks suspicious." She turns back to me. "I'm sure the king will be delighted to say hello, but don't be surprised if he's a little cranky."

I merely nod at her, a feeling of disorientation in my mind. "Yeah... thanks. I'll do that."

The armored soldiers surround us and hug their guns to their chests to look intimidating, but not a single one in our group is impressed. I ignore them, and as we head through the gate, Cassiel nudges me. "You doing okay? I'm surprised you forgot what happened."

"I didn't forget." I keep my voice calm. "Something's going on. It's like I'm in the right place, but things are off. They aren't correct. I know I absorbed Hope, then repaired the palace. That isn't a figment of my imagination."

Cassiel raises an eyebrow. "You absorbed him? You said you killed him, and that you 'wanted to make sure it hurt.'"

"I said that?" My confusion is reaching panic-inducing levels. "That can't be right. It can't!"

The front of the palace looms large before me. It looks the same as I remember, identical to how I repaired it, even. The gargoyle statues on the corners, along with the flat top give it a feel to something like a modern art museum, but at the same time, the regalia of the people walking around gives it a sensation of belonging to royalty. Even the gaudy gold chandeliers as we step inside aren't out of place.

The more we walk, the uneasier I feel. The palace is the same, the city looks basically the same, but the events leading up to now are different. If my memory was faulty, would I know? Am I secretly schizophrenic?

Doorways into other rooms slip past as the four of us, along with our half-dozen guards march down the hallway toward the throne room at the end. "Cass. Am I different, compared to how I was before? That is, before we left Hero City. Do you remember?"

She shrugs. "You seem the same as ever."

Somehow, that isn't reassuring. _Cassiel_ doesn't seem the same. She was somewhat timid up until the day I started having those strange nightmares. She's much less shy than before, and what about Samantha? Would she really kill Gressil to protect an angel? Eh, that sounds accurate enough. I can see that making sense. I knew Cassiel better than I did Samantha, after all.

How strange. I keep thinking about them in the past tense, as if they aren't the same girls I know and love. The mind is a weird thing...

The throne room door looms ahead. One of the soldiers jogs ahead of us and speaks to a man at the front. The older man, with his white uniform, long white hair, and long white beard, looks like something of a Chinese guru. His skin is in exceptional condition though and makes him look much younger than he actually is. He nods to the soldier before leisurely strolling up to us. It barely takes him a second to evaluate me. "Yes, you are certainly 'Hero.' It has been a while since I worked with one of your clones. I am the king's Vizier, Hui Ling. Why have you returned?"

I guess he is a Chinese guru. His question strikes me more as an interrogative question than a bit of friendly catching up, so I play it safe. "I've heard humanity isn't holding up against the demons. I wanted to speak with King Cody- err, rather, King..." I pause as I search for his name. Glancing back, I shoot a look at Samantha, but she shakes her head. _She's already forgotten!_

Cassiel hacks into her fist. "Elshard."

That was it. I turn back to Hui Ling, a look of embarrassment on my face. "...King Elshard. Right. Anyway, I wanted to speak to him and see if I can help."

"How noble of you." Hui's expression doesn't change. "You are in luck. The king is relaxing in the courtyard, and has concluded with his other visitors. Please follow me and I will take you there."

_Oh don't bother, I'll just teleport there and save you the trouble_, I think to myself. That would be rude though, so I don't. Still, I want to.

It only takes a few minutes for the four of us to follow after the old man to the courtyard. He dismissed our soldier escorts already, apparently feeling they weren't necessary. I finally spot Cody sitting on a bench, poking a stick into a lily pad floating on a pond aimlessly. A fly buzzes around him, but he ignores it.

What immediately catches my eye though, is Cody's face. A disgusting patch of brown flesh rests on his right side, crawling from his hairline down his face and to his chin. A burn mark, it appears, as if his face were thrust into a roaring fire. The entire right side of his face is a mass of mottled flesh, and what can only be described as deep claw marks line the other side. His brown hair has grown out substantially, and he has it pulled down to try and hide the scars, but it does a pitiful job of that.

As we approach, Cody's eyes slowly raise until he's looking right at me. "You."

It's a single word, and the tone is empty of emotion, but at the same time, I sense an unthinkable amount of anger put into the 'greeting.'

"Uh... hi." I feel suddenly awkward, as the man I crowned king after he helped me retake the palace from King Adams stares at me intensely. He doesn't blink and merely gazes into my eyes, as if trying to send a silent message to me.

Hui Ling crosses his arms in front of himself, tucking his hands into the folds on his long sleeves. "My King, as you have already discerned, this is the man known as Hero. I thought it impolite to refuse his audience. However, I can send him away if you-"

"Leave us." Cody cuts off his Vizier, then slowly stands up. His balance is shaky, and his knees quake for a split second before he shudders to his full height.

"As you wish." Hui Ling bows and strolls off, leaving the four of us with his king.

'King Elshard', as he calls himself now, rubs his palms together. "Back so soon? Didn't cause enough damage the first time?" His voice is ragged and hoarse, like he's been swallowing thumbtacks, or as if he has the world's worst cold.

"I don't know what's going on. When I left Hero City, I repaired everything back to new and instated you as king. Now the past seems to have changed, and I left the place in tatter. I sincerely want to apologize if I did such a thing."

He ignores my apology. "'If,' you say? You didn't just leave the city you 'saved' from your other self in shambles, it was devastated. We had to spend a valuable week's worth of military-grade replication just to rebuild from the rubble. It left us weakened, especially when your pet demons betrayed us." Cody gnashes his teeth together. "And now you have the gall to return and spin a half-baked lie, saying you actually fixed the city? My memory must be faulty, _Hero_. I don't remember anything of the sort."

His anger is understandable, given his version of events. The problem is that his memories don't mesh with mine. He might as well be accusing a different person entirely.

"I'm sorry. I don't know what came over me. I remember feeling awful about-" I shoot a glance at Cassiel before looking back, "-about killing my clone. It must have, uh, filled me with guilt. I just, kinda, had to leave. I'm back now though, and I'm ready to solve the problems facing the city."

"How nice of you to come back. And now we all join hands and spin in a circle singing a song, right?" Cody tosses his hands in the air. "Oh, and my face thanks you for your parting gift. You left us with monsters in our midst, and they nearly killed me. Was that an accident too? Are you a backstabber, or just incompetent?"

His words sting, but I don't let them affect me. After all, it wasn't me who did those things, it was someone else. Better to apologize profusely and move forward from here out. "Demons attacked you, right? Any idea who they were?"

The king sighs, annoyed that I'd have the nerve to ask him such a question, but he answers anyway. "All demons look the same to me. However, one of them, the leader, was your personal servant. Belldebubs, or whatever his name was. He orchestrated the whole thing, hit me with a blast of fire when I wasn't looking."

_Beelzebub? He does hate humans, but I strictly ordered him not to hurt them, and he can't disobey my orders._ "Where is he now? Did you kill him?"

"Of course not! I'm not a savage like those animals! I sent him and all the other demons lurking among humanity to the work camps. He can toil and chip at rocks all day. It's a worse punishment than death!"

Samantha shifts uncomfortably. I can tell she wants to speak her mind, but she's keeping quiet for my sake.

Questions enter my mind and leave at a frantic rate. "You were attacked by a few demons, and you punished all of them by putting them in work camps. Don't you think that was a bit extreme? Just because there are a few rotten apples doesn't mean you should treat all of them as criminals."

Rage fills Cody's aura. "Of course they are! All demons are the same! They tear our men to shreds on the battlefield, then try to slit our throats after we extend them a modicum of kindness! They eat the flesh of humans and seek our total destruction! If there is one thing I know about demons, it's that they are all filthy, mangy dogs! I'll put them all down like the rabid animals they are!"

A noise to my side makes me turn and realize tears are filling Samantha's eyes. "Cody... how could you say that? We worked together. We fought the Grez together! How could you forget the experiences we shared, and lump me in with them?!" She pounds on her chest angrily. "We aren't all monsters! Many good demons have no quarrel with humans! You've punished friends of mine for acts of violence they had nothing to do with! Don't you see that's wrong?!"

Cody's angered expression lessens as he gazes at her slowly, squinting a little bit. "You're a demon?" He quickly turns to me. "You brought a demon here? To my palace?! It seems you are in league with the monsters after all!"

I don't get a chance to respond. Samantha lunges forward and slaps the king lightly, a term I use to indicate a force not quite strong enough to dent a plank of wood. It still sends Cody sprawling to the side as he loses his balance and tumbles to the ground, hitting his head on the soft dirt.

Samantha's eyes, still filled with tears, hold an additional layer of rage. "You bastard! There's only one monster here, and it isn't me! You wouldn't be anything if it weren't for Hero! He saved your life and all of humanity! You owe him everything, and you owe me at least a shred of respect for the time we spent together! If I have to hit you again, I'll knock your goddamned head off!"

It takes several moments before Cody can even form a coherent response. She walloped him so hard the blow nearly knocked him out. "Wha...?"

Slowly, he reaches for the bench to pull himself up. "You- you hit me."

Samantha's rage is already dissipated. "Yeah. Sure did. It felt good, too."

"A demon struck me."

While he mumbles and mutters to himself, I glance around his inner courtyard. Not a soul in sight, not even a single guard. You'd think a man this paranoid about demons would have some security, in case their king was bitch-slapped by a succubus.

"You deserve it. Asshole." Samantha crosses her arms, and Cody turns to look at her again, as he sits on the bench.

A spark of recognition appears in his eyes. "Samantha? Is that you? You... look different."

Apparently, her strength was unforgettable. She nods. "More clothes. Hero also made my tail invisible. You probably didn't recognize my face because you were always looking at my tits."

Cody nods numbly. "Yeah. Something like- like that." He wrings his hands together in his lap. "Since the attack, nobody has raised even a single objection. Nobody fights me about anything. Maybe that's why..." He trails off.

"Great. You're a masochist. I should have known." Samantha wipes her hand on her clothes, as if trying to remove the impression of his face from her palm. "Do I get at least an apology, or what?"

Cody reaches up and rubs the burned part of his face, where Samantha hit him. "Your slap caused me little pain. All the sensation in my face is gone. I'm still luckier than those who died, but- I can't feel anything but anger anymore. I haven't smiled in forever."

Cassiel fidgets next to me, then finally takes a hesitant step toward the king. "Um, you probably don't remember me either, but I'm the angel the previous king kidnapped. I was really grateful when you took Hero's side, even if you didn't really do much to save me. But um- anyway, I think I owe you something."

Saying that, Cassiel reaches into her bottomless well of energy, and sends a wave of healing magic to Cody's face. Within seconds, as if an invisible swarm of scar-eating parasites was attacking his face all at once, the burn marks begin to vanish, along with the gouges and cuts from those who attacked him. A strange feeling of wonder comes over me as I watch Cassiel work her magic. I could have done so as well with my Wordsmithing, but she didn't hesitate. This man who called her friend a monster just seconds before was worth healing, in her eyes. It wouldn't have even occurred to me for a while.

Cody gently touches his face and a look of awe passes over him. "What did you-" He pauses, suddenly realizing his voice isn't horse anymore. "-do?"

"Take a look." Cassiel gestures to the pond, and he leans over to look into it. His reflection appears, and the look of awe is replaced with a stunned silence.

It takes many long moments before he can speak again. "You... healed me? But why?"

"I've been hurt before, too," Cassiel stammers, as the words bring up painful memories. "When someone scars you, especially in such a brutal way, the wounds are much deeper than the flesh. Because the demons attacked and disfigured you, you projected your anger to all the other demons. It was irrational, stupid, and irresponsible, but I understand why you did it."

She glances away, at his reflection in the pond. "This is just the first step. I've healed your face, but the real damage is still there. Only you can fix it, King Elshard. You have to forgive those who hurt you and try to understand what led them to attack. Not even demons do such things without reasons or motive."

He blinks twice. "Are you saying it was my fault they attacked me? I angered them, so they had to get revenge?"

"No. I don't know what their motives were. Maybe their goals were irrational and hate-filled. Maybe they just wanted to kill you to strike fear into the hearts of humans. My point is that if you seek to understand what led them to attack you, you will be able to forgive them, and, by extension, the other demons you unjustly imprisoned." Cassiel turns to stare at him meaningfully. "And, in that way, you will be able to heal _yourself_. You will always be a shell until you can move on from the trauma."

Her words have an eerie wisdom to them, likely because she has already been there and done that. Cassiel knows what it means to feel hate, and then to let it go. She's a saint, a true angel.

"Wark." Howard breaks up the tender moment by struggling in Cassiel's arms until she sets him down, but he jumps into the pond and starts splashing around. I suppose he misses the feeling of water and swimming since that's what ducks like to do.

The duck quacking makes the fog in Cody's head vanish as he stares at the animal silently for a few moments. "I was wrong. I've hurt so many. I punished those who didn't deserve it."

He looks at Samantha. "I hurt you, too, with words sharper than a blade. I'm sorry."

Samantha nods. "I forgive you. Or rather, I will, once you undo the damage that's been done. Release the other demons at once. In the meantime, Hero is going to figure out how to stop the advance of the First Emperor."

Cody's mouth hangs slightly open. "First Emperor? What do you mean? I thought he was in hiding, or didn't care about the other demons."

"Same." Samantha leans against me and yawns. "He's a reclusive one. However, a demon 'friend' of mine confirmed the First is behind the recent attacks. With his power, he's sure to tear through the human ranks."

Cody's face whitens. "You're kidding. That- that's why so many demon attacks have devastated our ranks! They suddenly tripled in power, speed, and ferocity! Even anti-energy has a lesser effect on them than it did before! It's unreal how much more powerful they've become."

My cute succubus shrugs. "I don't know much about the First's powers or abilities. Well, I don't know anything, in fact. I'm never around when fun stuff happens, so I miss out."

"You know the First?" The king frowns. "I know you're a demon, but that seems a little..."

Cassiel coughs. "Don't be alarmed, but Samantha is actually the Second Emperor of the demons, Belial." She leans past me and pokes Sam in the arm. "She's a nice emperor though, not a mean one. Understand?"

"Uhh... huh..." He's unconvinced. "Whose side are you on again?"

"Mine," I answer for her. "And I'm on no-one's side. I just want to put an end to this war."

Cassiel nods, as she brushes a strand of hair from her face. "The cycle of violence must be broken, King Elshard. That won't happen until both sides let go of their hate and ancient rivalries. This includes you, as well as the demons."

Finally, King Cody understands. "Thank you. If you had only been here sooner, so much damage could have been prevented. I- I will have my troops release the demons from the work camps at once."

"I'll go there and speak with them," Samantha says. "As the Second Emperor, I hold much sway with members of my kind. I will do my best to smooth over the divisions. They've only been in the work camps for a few weeks, right?"

"Correct." Cody stands up, though he's still a bit wobbly from Samantha's slap. "Perhaps they will forgive me."

"If they won't, I'll _make_ them." Samantha punches her palm suddenly, and her eager grin makes the hair on the back of my neck stand up.

"Don't," Cody says, as he shakes his head. "You can come with me, but no violence. The angel is correct. There has been enough violence."

A pattering sound behind me makes me glance back. The Vizier from earlier is breathlessly walking toward us.

"King Elshard! The demons! They've launched an assault on-" He pauses once he spots the king's face. "My liege? Is that really you?"

Cody nods. "Aye. The woman here is a friend of mine. She healed me. Let's not worry about that, though. The attack- where is it located?"

Hui Ling bows apologetically. "One of our outposts, sire. The demons number five thousand strong. Our men will be overrun by day's end if they don't get any reinforcements."

"Understood," Cody says, as he turns to me. "Hero, since you are back, we could use your military might. Can you assist us?"

Uneasiness appears in my belly. "Yeah. I'll get on it."

Samantha pulls away from me. "I'm going to the work camps. You and Cassiel can go by yourselves."

"We'll do that," Cassiel says, answering for me. "Maybe I can help the wounded."

The king nods soberly. "If there's one thing you can certainly do, it's that."