Part 162

Lucifer leaped through the shadows, as the sun beamed down overhead. It was late day now, and he was quickly drawing near to the 'fortress of evil', as it had been nicknamed by its residents. Not exactly a brilliant name, but if it works, it works!

As the fortress was buried in the side of a mountain, in a vein similar to the angels' and gods' mountain entrance, it was a particularly well fortified and guarded place. A siege would take forever to complete, and for some reason, their location either had not been discovered, or the angels and humans were simply too fearful to attack.

Lucifer shadow-walked the last bit of distance towards the gate, and appeared directly in the middle of the doorway, his appearances causing one drowsy guard to scream in terror and fall to the ground. "Ah! Y-your nastiness, Great Lucifer! I beg forgiveness!"

Lucifer nodded down at the tiny imp. _If I were leader, he would not get his rations for the day._ "Get back to your post, and stop slacking or an evolution will be hard for you to find."

The imp nodded quickly. "Y-yes, your evilness! I-I will return to my duties at once!"

_Good._ Lucifer thought to himself. _They are scared of my power, as they should be. I am truly mighty now, thanks to the power of this orb._

Lucifer glanced down at the orb. Valac's presence in his mind had gone completely silent since he took the powers of the orb earlier. He couldn't tell if Valac was still in there, or if he was simply giving Lucifer the silent treatment. _It is of no consequence. Once I best Satan in battle, he will have to acknowledge my power._

...................................................................

Satan kicked his feet up at the table, as one of the female demons cooed in his ear. He turned to her and leaned in for a kiss, but was swiftly rejected. "Ah, Belial. Your beauty increases with every evolution. I am truly impressed by how much more attractive you appear every time I see you."

Belial, one of his uniquely evolved minions, smiled at him and giggled. "Oh, Satan, you're always such a charmer! But you'll have to work a little harder than that to get a taste of what _I've_ got to offer!"

Satan licked his lips as he eyed her figure up and down. Before he could respond, however, the door to his private dining hall was wrenched open as someone on the other side kicked it open with a single smooth motion.

Satan glared in the direction of the door. "Who goes there? Why have you disturbed me?"

To his surprise, it was Lucifer that entered the room. _Hmm? It seems the whelp didn't have the guts to enter the mountain after all, what a sh- WHAT?!_ He spotted the black orb in Lucifer's hand in the blink of an eye. _How did that little shit get hold of it so quickly?! How did he get hold of it at **all**?!_

Lucifer grinned at the expression on Satan's face. "Hello, _Lord_ Satan. So nice of you to recognize me." He sarcastically emphasized the word _lord_, as if to mock Satan and pretend he was unworthy of the title. On top of that, implying Satan was of such a lowly station was a grave insult.

Satan's look of surprise quickly vanished as he quickly stood up from his seat. "You... I see you brought back the orb. Truly, I am glad for your return. With these, we can put the matter beh-"

Lucifer quickly interrupted him. "You tried to _trick_ me, didn't you? I was able to slay fifteen angels, and I even had a titanic clash with an archangel, all to receive this orb. It boosted my powers by a magnitude of three! You are below me now!"

Satan kept his expression even. _He fought with an archangel and lived to tell the tale? He might be lying, but then, I cannot be sure. And if he has the orb, he is surely going to be a tough opponent. Best to take this one slowly._

"Calm down, Lucifer. You seem to be angry about something. Why not have a seat? We can sit down and discuss this like mature demons." He beckoned at a chair next to Lucifer. Without even looking at it, Lucifer whipped out his hand and smashed the Demonstone chair into a thousand pieces.

_It would take an incredible amount of force to destroy Demonstone like that. This youth is no joke._ Satan kept his eyes level and did not even so much as glance at the shattered chair remnants. The other demon generals in the room quietly sipped their drinks, and Belial casually played with her hair, as she feigned boredom.

"I won't let you talk down to me. Not anymore, betrayer. You lie and cheat to boost yourself up, but no more! I challenge you to an Agni Kai! We will duel each other to the death, and the winner claims the throne of Demon King!

Satan grimaced. _He's... still a fool. He showed such promise in the beginning with his espionage and secrecy, but in the end..._

Satan lowered his head. "I accept your challenge, Lucifer. But know this, I did not get to where I am simply due to raw power. The position of Demon King was won through hard work and sacrifice. There are days when it is a true burden. I believe that if you were to become the Demon King, our race would surely go extinct in a matter of months. With that being said, I will not allow you to destroy our people with your youth and inexperience. I will not lose, that is the one thing you can be sure of."

Lucifer grinned evilly as he licked his lips. _I've already won. I've already won. I've already won._ Three words kept replaying in his head, as he glanced over at the form of Belial. _Soon, she and many others will be mine. They have wasted themselves on a limp-wristed fool like Satan. His conquests in the bedroom are nonexistent, just as his life will soon be. I've already won._

Satan waved his hand at the youth. "Tomorrow, at the break of dawn, we will fight. Now get out, I'm still the Demon King, and you are no longer the third highest, by my decree. Take your filth out of the caves, you will sleep in the cold tonight."

Lucifer paused for a split second, then grinned. "Weakening your opponent by making him stay outside for the night, heh. Very clever of you to use tricks as you always do."

Satan grimaced. "If sleeping outside for a single night would weaken you, I can already tell you will be no challenge at all."

Lucifer's grin faded, and he turned and walked out the door, slamming it behind himself.

Belial turned over to look at Satan. "Well, _I_ thought it was amusing, at least."