Part 067:

As we rounded corners, I found myself having doubts. Certainly, the man in front of me, leading the way, was strong. But was he strong _enough_?

We were going to be facing an unknown horde of enemies. They could be skeletons, orcs, I don't even know what! And it's two guys, just him and I! I know he's probably strong, but perhaps by following him, I've made a dreadful mistake.

And what about his eyes? Those inhuman, demonic glowing eyes. Any smart man would stay away from such a terrifying face, yet I'm about to trust he's just willing to save a random stranger and his comrades for no reason? There must be an ulterior motive.

"Hey, I have a question." I said, as we kept running forwards. I was impressed with his speed. He wasn't just keeping up with me, he surpassed me. I was having trouble keeping up with _him_.

"What's up?" The Traveler asked me, nonchalantly. What a strange manner of speaking.

"Ah, well, it's just... your eyes, how are they glowing like that?"

The man slowed down a little as he rested his hand on his face. While still running full speed, he was perfectly able to see somehow, even with his hands blocking his eyes. "Ah, well, that is due to a certain happening a year ago. It involved an old man and a lion."

I think he is fooling around with me. I decided not to inquire deeper.

"We're here." The man said, as we slowed to a halt and started slowly inching forwards to peer into a doorway.

At the end of the hall, signs of a fearsome battle that had taken place were everywhere. Bodies lay on the ground, all of which were from monsters. My chest was thumping hard as I visually scanned for human forms. I saw none.

"Perhaps they... they may have survived?" My question was less an inquiry and more a hope spoken aloud. Stepping over the carcass of a massive... beast... we continued onward slowly. I glanced back over my shoulder at the thing. It had a long trunk, resembling an elephant, but a mouth full of vicious looking sharp teeth, and dead red eyes. It was some kind of abomination.

Skeletons crowded the path as we pushed forwards. Some were still moving, and the Traveler easily put an end to those, though he used more quiet methods than that Explosion chant he had used earlier.

It still boggles my mind. _Instant casting_. Unheard of, nobody could do it instantly. Perhaps he was a warrior monk from a distant land, using some power of Ki or some other thing. I didn't know, but he was certainly interesting.

Suddenly the traveler halted, as did I. "Up ahead. Humans."

Hope blasted into my heart. I didn't know how he knew they were up there, but surely it was them. "How many?"

He paused for a second. "Seven. They're all dead."

My hope instantly vanished and was replaced with horror. "No... no... it can't be..."

Dashing forwards, I raced down the hall. I arrived at a junction where it ended at a wall, and a path going right and one going left. At the junction were 5 bodies. None of the 5 were Roland. But off to the side, just around the corner to the right... Roland and Peter lay.

"No... I can't... it was my fault..." I fell to my knees as tears formed. "I failed them... I failed them all..."

"Hold. This one, he's still breathing." The Traveler walked over to Peter. I leaped to my feet and dashed the few remaining feet and grabbed hold of Peter's hand. It was still warm. Blood covered his chest and body. His shoulder pads were ripped off, his arms dislocated. His head was gashed, bloodied, and bruised. Whatever had hit him, it had hit him hard.

And as for General Roland... he was in a gruesome state. It burned me with rage to see how the monsters had defiled his body. I dare not describe it with words, the sight was simply too horrifying. I only knew it was him because of the purple armor he wore and the emblem on his chest signifying his rank. His head was no longer attached, it was completely missing.

Turning back to Peter, I spoke quietly to him. "Peter... Peter... can you hear me?"

At first, nothing happened. Then blood drooled out of his mouth as he turned his head in my direction. "Ah... Todoro... you came back for us... have you saved... the others..." he wheezed as he spoke, the sound of a punctured lung. He likely had terrible internal bleeding.

I stared into his lifeless eyes. He could no longer see anything. But he could still speak. "Yes. Yes... I managed to save them. They are..." I turned back to look at the bodies behind me as tears welled up. "They are resting now. They are very tired from the fight..."

Peter smiled. It was a faint smile, one that showed he could no longer feel the immense pain plaguing his body. His brain had likely started shutting down. "Good... I'm glad you... you could make it back in time... but I won't be going with... you... tell m- tell my wife..."

He coughed quietly as more blood drooled out. The traveler stared unemotionally at him. Distantly. In the back of my mind, I thought to myself _he sees a fellow human dying and feels no emotion, he is truly a heartless monster_.

Peter was unable to finish his sentence. His strength was leaving him too quickly. "It... hurts... it... hurts... so dark..."

The traveler suddenly seemed to get a snarling expression on his face. "All right, I've had quite enough of this. I don't usually interfere, but I hate long goodbyes."

He reached his hand up and aimed it at Peter. I felt shock in my body as I realized what was coming. That's the exact same pose he used on the skeletons!

"NO!" I screamed as the traveler started to open his mouth.

_"Heal!"_

...Huh?
