Part 327: Hand of the Founders

Sangin Kordonis, Invocator Miikil, and the other twenty members of the Hatoraxia's Bridge crew all sit, stand, or hover inside a large 'skybus,' one of the common machines used to travel across Volgarius's surface. The rather large vehicle boasts relatively comfortable accomodations for all different types of Volgrim, particularly Technopaths.

Unlike Psions, Changelings, or the other subspecies of Volgrim, Technopaths all boast wildly varied body and augmentation types. Some walk on bionic legs, some roll on treads, and some hover through the air. The older a Technopath, the more of their body they tend to convert to machinery over the years, gladly giving up their weak biological vessels for the comfort and utility of steel.

As for Sangin Kordonis, he walks on two exo-steel legs, each one capable of not only bearing incredible loads, but also stomping inferior biological skulls into meat paste. The rest of his wrinkled and withered body, however, still appears mostly biological. As a young Technopath, only 14,000 orbital cycles of age, he has not yet made any permanent choices regarding his 'upper augmentations.'

Kordonis takes a seat beside Invocator Miikil. Both of them relax as restraining beams wrap around their chests, ensuring that if any accidents happen to their vehicle, they won't go flying around inside the cabin and suffer any injuries. The other Technopaths sport different types of bodily augments, so some of them remain standing, since they won't be able to easily accommodate sitting down.

The lightly armored skybus takes off after a few minutes and climbs to a mid-level elevation, just a mile or so above the planet's surface. This height, suitable for travel across continents, allows it to avoid the much busier low-elevation vehicles, which operate on a sub-continental and local-grid-based travel system.

Invocator Miikil gazes out the window beside herself. She watches the world below her zip past, occasionally scanning it with her psionic abilities.

[Look over there. A three-thousand-unit grid of hydroponic farms. I hear that in recent cycles, the Founders have pushed to increase the amount of nutrient production facilities on Volgarius. At present, only twenty percent of the homeworld's food supply originates from on-planet. They recently decided to increase that number to one hundred percent, or more.]

Kordonis nods. "Naturally. If the War is going as poorly as Master Lidra hinted, it makes sense they would want to make the homeworld more self-sustaining. Relying on imports from conquered worlds is a long-term recipe for disaster."

Miikil holds a small datapad in her hands. She manipulates its functions psionically, not bothering to use her hands.

[Recreational facilities have decreased five percent in the past twelve orbital cycles. Volgarius has long since reached its 'functional capacity' for structures. The only way to build hydroponic farms capable of feeding such a vast population is by stripping away unnecessary or low-priority structures.]

Kordonis nods absentmindedly. He, too, manipulates a datapad, glancing over information Sangin Lidra transmitted to him about the upcoming meeting. As Miikil excitedly chatters about the sights of the lauded Volgrim homeworld, Kordonis instead becomes quieter and more contemplative.

_To think the statistics would be this dire. Master Lidra must have a terrible weight on her servos._

...

The skybus races through Volgarius's lower atmosphere at speeds exceeding three thousand kilometers an hour. The world below zips past quickly, and eventually, Miikil settles down once the novelty and relatively boring appearance of the homeworld wears thin.

[I must say. The homeworld is impressive, but much of its structural design is far too utilitarian for my liking. Every square meter of land has already been used up. There is nothing to see but megascrapers and gigascrapers of uniform design.]

"That's just how the homeworld has to be." Kordonis remarks. "Volgarius is already crowded to its limits. There isn't much room left for aesthetic design when every structure must be made to use up and offer as much space as possible."

[Still. It feels as if the homeworld is... lacking something.] Miikil says, before falling silent.

The skybus drops out of low-orbit and races toward a district of gigascrapers that, for once, appear somewhat different from the world around them. Contrary to what Kordonis just said, several buildings with remarkably beautiful designs appear. Five of them gently twist as they vertically ascend, built in a pentagonal formation to resemble five giant fingers reaching out of the planet's crust. A surprising amount of greenery and parks become visible on the ground level, the foliage dramatically standing out from the mass of steel surrounding them.

All together, a massive ten-mile complex with hundreds of sub-buildings reveals itself to be the place where the five Volgrim Founders live, each of the five-fingered buildings being one of their homes, offices, and land designated for their direct subordinates.

These buildings, the Five Fingers of the Founders, hold enough luxurious housing for more than a million of their devoted elite personnel. All the buildings possess their own unique design.

The First Finger, belonging to Founder Unarin, rests at the position of the 'thumb.' Granite and obsidian decorates its outer exterior, with zero windows allowing anyone to peek in from outside. As the skybus flies toward the Five Fingers, Unarin's home structure also slightly shifts colors, using a trick of the light to turn its powerful blackened exterior into something like a soft and welcoming grey.

The Second Finger, belonging to Founder Dosena, rests at the position of the index finger. Her home structure sports dozens of bubble-like terraces, all of which have huge exobeasts sleeping inside. These creatures, captured by the Psions working under Founder Dosena, come from the countless worlds the Psions have conquered. Just a single glance at the huge predators makes Miikil shiver with excitement.

The Third Finger, belonging to Founder Treyza, rests at the position of the middle finger. Its exterior appears glassy, and even from a great distance, the skybus's passengers can see directly through the crystalline windows into the many scientific laboratories comprising the Third Finger. As a Changeling, Founder Treyza's dignified and scientific upbringing makes them a great advocate of experimentation and transparency. Thus, the Third Founder deliberately ensures anyone can view their experiments, as needed.

The Fourth Finger, belonging to Founder Cuanali, rests at the position of the ring finger. Her structure appears remarkably different from the others, in that an inordinate number of skybus parking spaces sit attached to the building's side, allowing for Technopaths from all across Volgarius to come and go as needed. As one of the most diverse of the five primary Volgrim sub-species, Technopaths hold all manner of opinions and research priorities, making collaboration between them essential.

And finally, The Fifth Finger, belonging to Founder Cinculu, rests at the position of the 'pinky.' What surprises Miikil the most is that, unlike the structures made of steel and glass, used by the other Founders, Cinculu's home structure appears significantly smaller, and has been somehow hewed from bone, with a copious amount of foliage growing out of its many nooks and crannies. Under other circumstances, it might even appear to be an abandoned building due to all the moss and fungus present, but somehow, the greenery gives it an aesthetic touch lacking in the other four Founder structures.

Kordonis notices Miikil's surprise. "Founder Cinculu is a Dolgrimite. He detests the trappings of technology and steel, and advocates for the return of Volgrimkind to our 'roots,' whatever that means."

[The Dolgrimites are simply too backward for the modern galaxy,] Miikil says, keeping her words private between herself and her Captain. Neither of them would dare slander even the most unpopular Founder publicly, for fear of reprisal. [They refuse to advance with the times.]

"Perhaps," Kordonis says, keeping his voice low. "But they claim to have found the source of Volgrim power by reverting to their baser instincts. If you ever find yourself facing a Dolgrimite, do not consider fleeing a shameful act. It may save your life."

Miikil turns to look at Kordonis with her six insect-eyes. [Why? Are the Dolgrimites quite fearsome? Their numbers are so few; I've heard they might even go extinct someday.]

"Don't listen to that talk." Kordonis says, shaking his head. "I've met a Dolgrimite before. Say what you will about their backward beliefs... but their bodies are killing machines. A high-ranking Psion will kill a Dolgrimite ten out of ten times, but even a mid-ranking Psion will know better than to anger the Primals. I watched that one particular Dolgrimite rip through steel with her claws... she tore apart one of Master Lidra's sturdiest training drones in seconds. No low-level Psion could fight nearly as efficiently."

[Impressive. Perhaps there is more to the Dolgrimites than meets the eye.]

As the smallest sub-species of Volgrim, Dolgrimites number less than 1% of the Volgrim's total population. Not only so, but they eschew fighting in the War and keep to themselves, avoiding politics to pursue their supposed 'Path of the Primal,' wherein they will voraciously hunt on wild planets.

The skybus drops toward the center of the Founder's Hand, where a large and often-used dome of glass sits in between their five buildings. This structure, the Founder's Eye, provides a high-uplink connection to the Volgrim Net, which allows any Founder to gain instant contact with any world or vessel in the Milky Way. Due to the thousands of years spent fighting their newest and most-feared enemies, the Founders often use the Founder's Eye to obtain status updates from their many Fleet Captains and Admirals located across the galaxy, whilst also allowing them to transmit orders to the worlds and fleets under their control.

Today, its purpose becomes a bit grander than usual, as several hundred of the absolute top-most elites of the Volgrim Empire walk, roll, or levitate inside through a door at its base. Among them are Psions, Technopaths, and Changelings alike.

However, conspicuously absent are any members of the Ascended, the species to which Founder Unarin belongs, or Dolgrimites, all of whom avoid the other species of Volgrim as a rule.

[Unfortunate.] Miikil states. [I hoped to see a Dolgrimite in person. Do you think Founder Cinculu will appear at today's meeting?]

"Unlikely," Kordonis replies. "From what I understand, he has missed ten of the last ten Grand Assemblies. He rarely shows up for any formal functions. I gather that he barely even speaks to the other Founders."

[I do not understand how a lauded Founder can retain his status while playing such an insignificant role in our society...] Miikil muses. [Why do you suppose the other Founders allow him to retain his position?]

"I haven't the faintest idea." Kordonis answers.

The skybus touches down, and all of its occupants depart. Unlike the elites traveling to the Founder's Eye who live nearby, the hodgepodge team of juniors sticks out like a sore thumb. Several elite Psions and Technopaths barely give the juniors a single glance, if that, before continuing toward the glass dome.

[I... I feel a bit nervous.] Miikil says. [Rumor has it that if a high-ranking Psion wishes, they can read your thoughts without you ever knowing.]

"The rumors are true." Kordonis says. "So lock away any further disrespectful thoughts regarding the Fifth Founder. Don't worry; we all have those thoughts, but you must not actively dwell on them while you are here. It's a good way to have your Core Body permanently disabled."

Miikil shudders. [I contemplate, and I comprehend.]

The group of juniors walks toward the Founder's Eye. As they draw closer, the hexagonal-shaped interlocking glass windows comprising the dome become more pronounced, each hexagon reflecting light slightly differently from the ones around it, making rainbow-like colors slowly play across its surface.

[How beautiful...] Miikil remarks.

"You're quite the sappy Psion." Kordonis chuckles. "Wait until you've been around for a few hundred thousand cycles. You'll become as stuffy and boring as all the others."

The two of them stop at the perimeter, where a dozen heavily armored Psions of the Seventh Rank stroll toward them and invasively scan their bodies and minds. These Psions, elite soldiers and protectorates of the Founder's Pavilion, hold extreme authority within the Golden Zone of Volgarius. Much like police officers, their role is to protect the capitol world at all costs and safeguard against internal and external strife, alike.

One of the guards speaks telepathically. [Sangin Kordonis. You have received priority seating placement. You will meet up with Sangin Lidra at seating position 114-H. You will travel directly to your seat. You will not linger excessively in the Golden Zone.]

Kordonis's expression becomes grave. "I contemplate, and I comprehend."

He and the others quickly hustle into the Founder's Eye, eventually arriving amidst a small sea of several thousand fellow Volgrim. A quick glance around the building's interior reveals a vast stadium outfitted with millions of high-quality holo-projectors, nutrient stations equipped with luxury food for the sub-species that require sustenance, and dozens of floating platforms in the center of the stadium where the absolute pinnacle of Volgrim elites sit.

Miikil's eyes widen as she spots one specific Psion levitating beside four others, two of them formed from holographic projections.

[Look, Kordonis! Exeutor Nufaris! I cannot believe he came to this meeting in person! Wasn't he stationed in the Outer Rim? I thought he was fighting the Plague?]

Kordonis snorts. "Executor Nufaris is an Eighth-Ranked master of Spatial Psionics. He can step through gaps in space more efficiently than any other Psion, aside from Founder Dosena herself. Traveling fifty thousand lightyears probably took him only a few planetary cycles, at most."

[Impressive... he is my idol. I can only hope to someday reach the same heights as him.]

"You would not be the first Psion to think such thoughts." Kordonis replies.

In addition to the hovering platforms containing high-ranked Technopaths and Changelings, the stadium possesses tens of thousands of seats along its interior walls, where the slightly lower, but still very highly-ranked elites sit, most of them consisting of holographic projections of their physical bodies.

With the War raging, the vast majority of Volgrim present are only capable of attending due to the Founder's Eye possessing galaxy-grade transmitters for contacting all these different fleets.

Kordonis nudges Miikil's side. "Over there."

He and his group walk toward a waiting hover-platform, one with a few Technopaths from Clans Oblong and Symmetra.

Sangin Lidra, head of Clan Oblong, hovers atop her circular leg-platform while gesturing to the seats in her pod.

"We are all direct witnesses who the Founders will surely interview." Lidra states. She gestures to a male Technopath seated on a spider-like platform with four spiked-legs. "Sangin Kordonis. This is Ordonis Limea, a prodigy of our clan."

Limea glances at the junior and nods. "My greetings."

Kordonis nods back. "This junior greets his senior."

"And this is Loputo Jidelor," Sangin Lidra says, gesturing to a Technopath standing on two metal-legs, similar to Kordonis himself. "He hails from Clan... Symmetra."

Kordonis nods perfunctorily, but toward the Technopath from a different clan, he does not express as much respect. "I greet the representative from Clan Symmetra."

"As do I greet you." Loputo Jidelor simply says.

Finally, Lidra gestures toward the last occupant of her pod, a weary and aged Technopath with a visibly pained expression.

"It is my honor to introduce Psymin Miralax, one of the last-living creators of the Sentinels. She will also be a key witness in today's proceedings."

Kordonis raises his eyebrows. "Psymin Miralax! My apologies, for my eyes are blind. I studied the Sentinels during my Education Cycles. Your name came up many times, due to your genius application of Living Moldanium on the Sentinels' chassis."

Psymin gives her junior a single glance before turning away. "_Greeting. Standard._"

Nobody bothers to introduce the other members of Kordonis's Bridge crew, not even Invocator Miikil, so lowly are their positions. They merely file to the back of the hover-pod and sit down, chattering quietly to each other regarding the fantastic sights of the Founder's Eye.

As the most prestigious member of their group, Psymin Miralax sits in the frontmost seat, while everyone else sits, stands, or levitates behind her. The hover-pod raises into the air, rising to many hundreds of feet and giving its occupants an incredible view of the Founder's Eye's interior.

At a quick glance, Kordonis calculates that of the tens of thousands of Volgrim attending, more than eighty percent of them are only present digitally, through holographic projections beamed into the amphitheater's many seats. And of the entirety who came, fewer than three hundred sit in levitating pods at the center of the arena, like his group.

"Enjoy this moment," Kordonis murmurs to Miikil. "You can live for a million more cycles and never get the chance to sit in such a position of privilege again."

As one of only three junior Psions in the levitating pod, Miikil becomes more than a little choked up with embarrassment at her lowly position. Compared to some of the legendary figures in the arena, including Nufaris and the other four Executors who were able to attend, Miikil cannot help but feel as utterly insignificant to her Empire as the mud-dwellers she has always loathed.

[Our Empire is so grand...] She murmurs. [I find it hard to believe the worst could ever happen. How could such a mighty assemblage fall to a single enemy?]

"Have you ever fought a plaguehost?" Kordonis asks.

[Only in a simulation.]

"Simulations... don't convey the terror of our enemy." Kordonis murmurs. "Before I earned my Captain stripes, I once took part in a battle against a plaguetouched world. The number of... of mutants were... too terrifying to imagine. We had to condemn the whole planet to Total Rendition."

[Total Rendition.] Miikil repeats. [Such a loss. We will never be able to utilize that planet's resources for our great Empire again.]

"A loss, yes, but a necessary one." Sangin Lidra says, interrupting the conversation between her juniors. "In the beginning, we tried recapturing worlds taken by the Plague. Doing so only led to the losses of billions of Volgrim lives. Then, we had to face our own soldiers, newly empowered and possessing a base upon which they could regenerate and reproduce. Those worlds provided the Plague with enough impetus to push deeper into our galaxy. Now, we dare not venture too deep into the distant reaches of the Milky Way. They will swarm us without fear. And all it takes is one infection to topple a fleet."

Her words chill the juniors among Kordonis's group. Having grown up hearing vague stories about the Plague, they only know as much as their seniors have told them, but even the dimmest-minded Volgrim knows that their enemies are terrifying beyond belief.

Minutes pass, and eventually, an hour.

Lidra raises her head to look at the partially-transparent glass ceiling, which allows some level of natural light to filter through.

"Look. Up there."

Kordonis, Miikil, and the rest of the Volgrim gathered in the Founder's Eye glance at the ceiling in unison.

A single pod descends through a small opening in the roof. While lacking any sense of grandiosity, its occupants immediately stir the hearts of every Volgrim present!

[The Founders!] Miikil chirps.

Three Volgrim sit silently in the platform's seats. The first one is a female Ascended, one of the most numerous members of the Volgrim Empire, yet also the species which least appears in public. As per their name, this species spends their lives hooked into virtual worlds of paradise, only occasionally decoupling for important matters involving their bodies or the galaxy around them.

However, the first person present, surprisingly, is not a Founder.

"Hmm. Muuxunuu, Founder Unarin's head administrator," Lidra muses. "Founder Unarin has chosen to send her in his stead. Perhaps he will come later?"

Muuxunuu, dressed in beautiful black and golden robes, sparkles brightly as the light glints off her neon pink skin. The many tendrils coming out of her scalp fall across her front and back, giving her a dainty and princess-like appearance.

However, her muscular body, hidden beneath those same robes, sits like a weapon ready to spring upon anyone holding nefarious intentions toward her master.

Beside Muuxunuu, the Second Founder's seat sits empty, with Founder Dosena also not having shown up.

"Strange. Neither Founders Unarin nor Dosena have come." Kordonis says. "Do you think...?"

"They are undoubtedly busy," Sangin Lidra answers. "Do not question the Founders. We are not privy to their movements."

"Of course, Master Lidra. Forgive me. I contemplate, and I comprehend."

In the next two seats, two Founders do indeed sit. Founder Treyza, a genderless Changeling of the highest order, gazes toward the many peons before them without any discernable emotions. Their pressed white suit sports several medallions, all representing their innumerable scientific achievements. As an Observer of the highest order, its ability to blend into populaces of inhabited worlds makes Treyza indistinguishable from a native-born person.

And beside Treyza sits Founder Cuanali, a female Technopath with a body nearly one hundred percent comprised of robotics. Even her heavily augmented brain makes her more of a cyborg than a living, breathing entity. So powerful are the alloys comprising her shell that even a directed nuclear detonation might not kill her. The countless redundancies in her mainframe make her physically imposing bipedal body distinctly unique compared to any other Technopath in the audience.

As for the Fifth Founder's seat...

[It seems Founder Cinculu did not come after all.] Miikil states. [I wonder if he will come later, or never?]

"I expect never." Kordonis answers.

Despite only two of the five Founders showing up, the audience's expectations raise significantly, showing their respect not only to the two Founders who came, but also Muuxunuu herself, a ridiculously high-ranking Volgrim among her peers.

"Greetings." Muuxunuu states, her voice broadcasting to the arena's speakers and overpowering the whispering voices of every elite present. "I am Muuxunuu, an insignificant servant to our glorious First Founder. Currently, Founder Unarin is not able to be present at today's meeting. He and Founder Dosena are presently speaking with several high-level operatives in the Hell Harbor system regarding a certain discovery made this very cycle. They will both join us all today to discuss their findings, but first, they must collect the data as required."

Muuxunuu's voice rises and falls rhythmically, like a song made from the ocean's waves. She pronounces every word clearly, taking great care to ensure her delivery is both perfect and flawless, like her vision of her master, the First Founder.

"Founders Treyza and Cuanali will start off today's proceedings not by discussing this new and important discovery, but another separate, yet equally important matter. It has been seven hundred orbital cycles since the last Grand Assembly of the elites. In that time, our enemies, the Kolvaxians, have pushed further and further within our borders."

Miikil frowns. [Kordonis. What is a Kolvaxian?]

Before Kordonis can speak, Sangin Lidra answers. "The Kolvaxians are our enemy, the Plague. This is a relatively new term we have created to properly identify our enemies. Keep listening, and you will understand."

Muuxunuu continues. "...present, there are more than two million habitable worlds in the galaxy. However, ten thousand have fallen to the Kolvaxians. We are unable to keep up with their expansion, and we cannot commit worlds to Total Rendition quickly enough to slow them down. In this meeting, we will discuss counter-measures to the Kolvaxians, as well as how to stop their plague from overtaking our society in its entirety."

"This Grand Assembly will be the first in seventy-three thousand Orbital Cycles in which we transmit its proceedings remotely to the high and middle-tier organizations. It will not be private, like the ones before it. Our goal is to educate the entirety of our populace on the coming events that our great leader, Founder Unarin, has envisioned. His peerless wisdom will grant us a path forward, one which we must follow unerringly if we hope to survive the coming calamity."

With those words, Muuxunuu launches the Grand Assembly, beginning the proceedings with ominous news.

Few present will be able to understand the long-term effects of the meeting until many years have passed...

---

**Author's Note: I have posted art in the past regarding the Volgrim. For posterity's sake, here are those pieces of artwork once again! I'm also including links to Patreon posts, for people who want to read more about them. Keep in mind, due to some slightly spoilery info, you'll have to be a Patron to read the posts! $1 a month will get you access!**

**[The Ascended](https://i.imgur.com/c10GmWN.jpeg), and a [Patreon Post](https://www.patreon.com/posts/secret-2-first-23569500)!**

**[The Psions](https://i.imgur.com/NAd6rHP.jpeg), and a [Patreon Post](https://www.patreon.com/posts/secret-3-second-23626264)!**

**[The Changelings](https://i.imgur.com/JDj8prK.jpeg), and a [Patreon Post](https://www.patreon.com/posts/secret-4-third-23670362)!**

**[The Technopaths](https://i.imgur.com/Z60zrTo.jpeg), and a [Patreon Post](https://www.patreon.com/posts/secret-5-fourth-23803230)!**

**[The Dolgrimites](https://i.imgur.com/9p3TigP.jpeg), and a [Patreon Post](https://www.patreon.com/posts/secret-6-fifth-23836005)!**

The Ascended


The Psions


The Changelings


The Technopaths


The Dolgrimites