Part 444: Cassiel's Confidence

South of the Fortress of Retribution, ten miles distant from the city's upper plateau, a small stream trickles down from a mountain to the east, deposits into a twenty-foot-deep lake, and eventually splits off into a second stream that trails out to the western ocean.

At this mid-sized lake, a good distance away from the radius of Beelzebub's nuclear detonation some weeks earlier, plenty of trees and creatures remain amidst the surviving environment. A ring of trees encircles the lake, and ripples frequently appear in the center where small aquatic creatures pop out to eat the bugs and insects skittering on or just above the water's surface. The midday sunlight warms the water, stirring the cold-blooded life slumbering within.

At the edge of the lake, a pair of seemingly ordinary women sit on a rock some eight feet tall with an oddly-flat top. One of the two, a woman with black hair, stares out at the lake with placid eyes, seemingly unburdened by the worries of the world. As for her companion, a brown-haired girl with visible anxiety, she stares at the item in the palm of her hand, a single piece of seemingly ordinary jewelry.

A simple golden ring.

"I don't understand..." The brown-haired woman whispers. "Why would Raphael... give me... Uzziel's ring?"

"She doesn't have her memories anymore, Cass." The black-haired woman answers. "In a way... isn't she somewhat similar to you? Someone forgotten by time, alone in this material realm?"

These women, Cassiel and Soleil, continue to hide their identities, posing as two ordinary humans named Cammy and Serra. When given the ring of a former Archangel, Cassiel opts to depart the Fortress of Retribution and head to this remote lake, a place she has grown to enjoy visiting in recent days.

Here, no people will bother her. She doesn't have to fear the gazes of others, and she certainly won't encounter any demons.

As for Gressil... if he were to suddenly show up, he would encounter a _nasty_ surprise. Soleil was made for the explicit purpose of protecting Cassiel from his clutches. She might not be capable of killing the Emperor of Chaos, but she could certainly make him deeply regret exposing his position to her.

Cassiel daintily fiddles with Uzziel's ring, sensing the spiritual presence contained within, along with its optimistic and bright-eyed excitement. After a minute or so, she hesitantly slips the ring on her finger and immerses herself inside its inner world.

There, Cassiel's spirit splits from her Mind Realm to directly enter Uzziel's ring. Cassiel frowns as she finds herself standing amidst a pure white void. Now repaired thanks to the efforts of the Wordsmith, it still nonetheless appears quite boring and plain.

On the ground before her sits none other than the former Archangel of Creation, now a mentally immature child trapped in an adult woman's body. Uzziel quickly raises her head to look at Cassiel, then her eyes sparkle as she clumsily stands up and wobbles toward her.

"Bababa! Bwaaa! Aaabuull-blublu!"

She babbles incoherently, but in such a cute voice that even the anxious Cassiel can't help but smile awkwardly. She catches Uzziel when the Archangel trips, nearly falling to her knees.

"Careful, Uzziel..." Cassiel says. "I'm, uh, I am Cassiel. Cassiel, see? Cass...eee...ull... can you say Cass-ee-ull?"

Uzziel hangs onto Cassiel's shoulders while her knees wobble, partially due to poorly developed motor skills, and partially due to excitement at having a 'friend' appear.

"Aaaa! Ababa! Caa-caa!"

Cassiel smiles a little wider than before.

"Yes, that's right. Cah... can you say 'cah'?"

Cassiel spends the next several minutes slowly helping Uzziel learn to walk while repeating her own name. Like a mother teaching her baby the absolute basics, Cassiel eventually sits down with Uzziel to spend some quality time with her.

"Cappy! Cappy!" Uzziel eventually chirps. "Cappycappycappy!"

"That's close enough." Cassiel says, smiling more genuinely than before. "You can call me 'Cappy.' And your name is Uzziel, see? Uzziel. Ooo-zee-ull. Can you say _Ooo-zee-ull_?"

"Oodeel! Oodeel!"

"No, _Uzziel._ See? Uzziel."

"Oodeel! Oddeel!"

Uzziel claps her hands and laughs, her smile like the sun on a warm spring day. So infectious is her joy that Cassiel loses even more of her previous anxiety.

"You're so cute!" Cassiel giggles. "I just wish there was a faster way to do this."

The angel formerly known as the Daughter of Heaven and Blood Reaper collects herself for a minute while Uzziel babbles at her. She opens and closes her mouth several times, contemplating if there might not be a better way to re-teach Uzziel how to speak.

"You don't remember this," Cassiel eventually says, "but you and I... we used to be good friends. Before the demons killed our people. Before the Energy Wars. Seeing you like you are now... it hurts my heart, Uzziel. You were the best of the angels. The kindest. The most loving. Whenever I thought about my Earth-family and missed them... you were there for me."

She reaches out and gently caresses Uzziel's face, making the bright-eyed Archangel pause her babbling to focus on the pleasant but odd feeling.

"That must be the reason Raphael gave me your ring. He's busy enacting his plans, and he knows I'll take care of you. Whether you get your abilities back or not, that won't matter to me. That's why... I'll always be here for you. Okay? Always..."

For a brief moment, Uzziel and Cassiel both fall silent. Uzziel stares solemnly at her angel-comrade with a serious gaze.

A faint fluctuation passes between Cassiel's hand into Uzziel's body, but this minor mana disturbance doesn't seem to do anything important...

Uzziel blinks her pretty green eyes. She babbles cutely.

"Caa-caa? Cappy?"

"Yes." Cassiel says. "You can call me 'Cappy.' But only you. We won't tell Soleil about our little secret, will we?"

Uzziel shakes her head. "No no! No tell!"

"Good." Cassiel says, while she starts to rise. She suddenly pauses and frowns. "Hm? You understood me?"

Uzziel gazes at her innocently. "Bwa-bwa-bwa!"

"Oh. Must have been a fluke..." Cassiel mutters.

She retracts her presence from Uzziel's ring, but also opens up her own Mind Realm to allow Uzziel into her thought-sphere. In this way, Uzziel gains access to the memories locked within Cassiel's head, as well as the ability to see through her eyes.

"Waaah! Bababa!" Cassiel excitedly babbles as she looks 'out' at the world before Cassiel.

Cassiel herself turns to look at Soleil, who continues to sit in the same position as before. She smiles at Cassiel.

"How are things going with Uzziel?" Soleil asks.

"The circumstances are... adequate." Cassiel says, suddenly feeling a bit more self-conscious after returning her soul to the material realm. "She seems to lack any language skills, or even fine motor skills, let alone magical power. But I don't care. Uzziel is my friend... she was once my _closest_ friend in Heaven."

"Seeing her return under such circumstances..." Soleil says quietly. "That must feel somewhat distressing."

"A little." Cassiel answers. "A little..."

The two women fall silent.

They stare out at the placid lake, watching as giant winged creatures swoop down to stab their talons into its surface, yanking out aquatic fish-like creatures with enough flesh to feed the predators for the next several days. The creatures take to the skies and fly away, their figures more closely resembling Pterodactyls from ancient Earth than birds from the era Cassiel best remembers.

"This world is so alien..." Cassiel murmurs.

Soleil nods. She starts to speak, but pauses to whip her head backward.

"Behind us. Noises. People approach."

Soleil jumps to her feet to stare at the forest-line, the ring of trees encircling this distant lake. Cassiel remains seated, but waits and watches along with her companion for the unexpected newcomers to step into view.

Before long, they do.

Two adult women wearing deactivated T-REX's guide a gathering of twelve young girls, their ages ranging from eight years old to thirteen. The group of fourteen people walks into view, with the kids babbling excitedly to each other as they ready themselves for some sort of group activity.

Soleil quickly calms down, but remains standing at the alert.

"Do you want to leave, Cassiel?" Soleil asks without turning to look at Heaven's Daughter.

"No... we'll just watch." Cassiel says. "I wonder what they're doing all the way out here?"

Soleil remains motionless atop the rock, as does Cassiel. Perhaps due to their absolute stillness, none of the newcomers notices their presence.

...

Linda Hurent gestures to the children around her. "Come along, girls! We'll set up on the shoreline here. Do all of you know how to bait your hooks?"

Many of the children turn squeamish at her words.

"We don't HAVE to put the worm on the hook, do we, Miss Linda?"

"I don't wanna hurt the worm, Miss Linda!" Another girl exclaims.

The other adult, aside from Linda, turns out to be none other than Lily Brown, daughter of Benjamin Brown. She grimaces as Linda pulls out a small box with dozen of slimy, wriggling worms.

"Surely _you_ know how to hook a worm?" Linda asks, looking at the teenager beside her.

"Daddy never taught me anything like that..." Lily says turning squeamish. "I'm fine with just watching. Truly."

"If you want that quarter of a Merit Token, you'll have to do more than just watch, young lady." Linda proclaims, waggling her finger in Lily's face. "I'm not about to do all the work while you stand off to the side and keep your pretty little skirt clean!"

Lily swallows heavily, then sighs. "Alright. I really need that token. It's been getting so hard to find cost-effective jobs lately."

"Tell me about it!" Linda snorts. "But hanging out with a group of brats, it's a good way to pass the time. We'll have fun, I promise. Now, take out your fishing pole..."

This field trip, a fishing expedition, is part of a newly passed initiative by Phoebe Hiro to ensure humanity's children are able to get a good education, as well as expand their horizons. While the job might not offer many Merit Tokens, it's also quite a simple task to fulfill and requires little in the way of prior training.

The girls arrayed before Lily and Linda are almost entirely comprised of child slaves rescued from the Labyrinth. Having expected to live the rest of their lives under the torture of the demons, the novelty of living on such a lush and beautiful world never fails to make these children starry-eyed. Even though many of the girls turn a little squeamish at the thought of hooking worms onto hooks, they still ultimately relent after watching Linda teach Lily how to do it.

Indeed, some of the girls enthusiastically hook the worms, perhaps enjoying the silent screams of pain from their wriggling victims a _tad_ too much.

Before long, all the group's members have their worms hooked on fishing poles. They practice casting their lines a few times, then send them flying out into the crystal clear lake!

Many minutes later, their hooks begin bobbing and dipping as underwater creatures nibble at the hooks. Linda warns the girls that they might accidentally hook some of the more terrifying monsters in the area, but luckily she's been equipped with a T-REX specialized for hunting the upper-sized predators on Tarus II. If an unexpected hunter pounces out of the bushes, she and Lily will be ready to leap into action and protect the kids!

Still watching from afar, Soleil cocks her head. "What are they doing?"

"Fishing." Cassiel explains. "The goal is to catch a fish that they can eat."

"Oh. Have the food stores run dry?" Soleil asks.

"I doubt that. This is more of a recreational activity. Humans do it for fun. Sometimes, they even release the fish they catch."

"I see. It seems like a waste of time." Soleil says, immediately losing interest. She turns around and plops back into a seated position.

Soleil's sudden movement catches the attention of one of the children.

"Look Miss Linda! Two women over there!"

Linda Hurent follows the little girl's finger. "Oh! How about that. I don't recognize them. Lily, why don't you go and invite them over here? At the very least, make sure we aren't disturbing them. I'd hate to be a bother."

Lily nods. "Yes, Corporal."

She sets her fishing pole down, then starts walking toward Soleil and Cassiel. Due to the surprisingly long distance, it takes her a while to reach the two of them, nearly five minutes of shambling across the rocky, uneven shoreline.

"Hello!" Lily eventually calls out. "We didn't realize anyone else was already here or we'd have set up further down the shoreline. Would you two like to come fish with us?"

Soleil frowns at this interruption. She turns to look at Lily, but before she can say anything, Cassiel speaks up.

"...I'd like that. Is it really okay for us to join you?"

"Sure it is!" Lily chirps, her pink hair bouncing along with her gait. She stops at the bottom of Cassiel and Soleil's boulder, then shades her eyes from the midday sun as she looks up at them. "We brought several extra poles in case the others broke."

"Well, okay then."

Cassiel lightly leaps off the rock, surprising Lily with how easily she maintains her footing on the uneven ground below. To her further shock, Soleil lands lightly enough that it seems as if her body weighs only as much as a feather.

"Wow. You two must be pretty acrobatic!" She exclaims. "I'm Lily."

"I'm Cammy. This is Serra." Cassiel says. "I... like to get away from things. Being around too many people... especially men... it stresses my body."

"Well, there's only girls in our group!" Lily says, eagerly guiding the other two back to the children. "Ever hooked a worm before?"

Cassiel faintly smiles.

"Yes. I have."

---

Two hours pass.

Cassiel and Soleil go fishing with the group of children, as well as Lily and Linda. The more she talks to the group of humans, the more Cassiel opens up and starts having a good time.

One child catches a fish. Cassiel and the others help reel it in. Everyone gawks and _oohs_ and _ahhs_ at the size of the alien aquatic swimmer, but ultimately they remove the hook and toss it back into the water.

Soleil perfunctorily fishes along with the others, but as time goes on, Cassiel notices more and more that the Black Hole Construct seems less and less interested as the minutes tick by.

"Sol- err, Serra." Cassiel says, drawing close to her companion. "Is something wrong?"

"I am supposed to protect you and aid your recovery." Soleil says quietly. "But I find this activity mentally taxing. A better way to state my current dilemma is that I find it _boring_. It is a repetitive task, one which is proving utterly unstimulating. I see no appeal in doing this."

Cassiel doesn't say anything for several seconds. When she does speak, her voice comes out as little more than a whisper.

"I... used to fish... with my father."

"Your father?" Soleil asks, immediately more interested in whatever Cassiel has to say compared to the stunningly boring activity of fishing. "You do not mention your past often."

Cassiel nods.

"I died... when I was still a child. I don't have... many memories... of my mother and father. When they died, they did not become angels like me."

She pauses for several long seconds.

"I was only six years old when the sickness took me." Cassiel whispers. "But my father, he used to take me fishing at the edge of our village. Those were our quiet moments together. Then we'd come home and eat Mother's freshly baked baguette. Fish, bread, and sometimes a bit of meat stew. It's a meal that... reminds me of home."

Soleil's expression softens. "You must miss your parents deeply."

"Mmm." Cassiel nods. "Not only them, but my brother, as well as-"

"Eeeyaah!"

A scream from one of the children makes Cassiel nearly jump out of her skin. She pauses mid-sentence and turns to look in the direction of the scream, where she sees a nine-year-old girl frantically swatting at her legs while hopping around like a terrified rabbit.

"Eeeyyaahh!! Get it off, help! Help me- aaahh!!"

A swarm of bugs crawls up the child's legs, their exact species unknown to Cassiel or the others present. In the blink of an eye, Cassiel observes the little girl's condition, as well as a small hole in the ground where the bugs are swarming from.

Abruptly, many of the bugs take flight. They burst out of their underground den and leap onto everyone except for Cassiel and Soleil, who are subtly protected by faint auras of holy energy. As for Lily and Linda, their T-REX's activate due to their spikes in adrenaline, protecting them from the swarming insects.

But the children aren't so lucky.

A chorus of terrified screams erupts as the children begin running around, swatting themselves to try and kill the raging bugs. The insects bite and sting them, making them cry even more loudly as tears erupt from their eyes.

"Soleil!" Cassiel shouts. "We have to help them!"

Cassiel lunges toward the children. Without hesitation, she deactivates the locket around her neck. The Heaven's Shroud instantly de-energizes, revealing her true form as a winged servant of the Creator! But none of the people present, except for Linda, can spare her even the quickest glance.

Cassiel grits her teeth. She aims her palm at one of the children.

_SWISH!_

A burst of divine energy fires from her hand to wrap around the little girl, instantly burning away all of her clothes, as well as the dozens of venomous insects clinging to her body. The biting-bugs turn to ash and dissipate into the wind.

Cassiel fires another burst of holy energy at a second girl.

_SWISH!_

Once again, she atomizes the child's clothing, as well as all of the bugs torturing her.

Within seconds, Cassiel blasts away all of the bugs, while Linda and Lily activate smoke bombs attached to their suits to choke out the area. This causes the remaining bugs to disperse in a panic or dive back underground.

For a brief moment, Lily and Linda glance at Cassiel in awe. While Lily doesn't recognize the angel before her, Linda certainly does.

"You! You're that girl... from the-"

"We have to help these children!" Cassiel exclaims, directing Linda's attention to the children writhing and sobbing on the ground. "Look! They've all been bitten many times! Their wounds are starting to swell. Those were venomous bugs!"

Soleil, seeing that her charge has voluntarily removed her protections, quietly disperses her own. Seeing the second angel take form, Linda quickly comprehends the situation.

"I see. We'll have to carry them back to the city. Can you help us? Take the girls with the most bites. Lily and I will try to carry the others!"

Cassiel nods seriously. In the face of these injured children slowly succumbing to their wounds, she no longer hesitates for even a moment. She completely forgets her fear, then holds out her palm.

"There's no need for that. **Murus lucis!**"

She conjures a flat platform of holy energy, one of surprisingly large size, then gestures to the others.

"Put the children on! I don't have much mana... I can't maintain its shape for very long!"

Sensing the confidence in Cassiel's tone, the other three immediately defer to her command. They quickly place the naked children on the platform, then Lily and Linda also hop on.

Cassiel and Soleil don't stand on the platform. Instead, they flap their wings and take to the skies. Cassiel holds the platform together with her mental strength, maintaining its shape thanks to years of hard-practiced effort.

As they begin flying back to the Fortress of Retribution, Linda and Lily gaze at the angel carrying them to safety with a considerable amount of awe.

"You're the angel I helped rescue..." Linda says. "I didn't realize... were you trying to hide your identity?"

"That doesn't matter now!" Cassiel says through gritted teeth. "I won't let these kids die! I won't ever let that happen! Now be quiet! I... I have to focus... my mind!"

Soleil gazes at her winged comrade with a look of deep admiration.

"I always knew you had it in you."