Part 394: Psionic Enclave

_The world of Volgarius, in one of the seemingly infinite stratoscrapers somewhere on the planet._

Tired and fed up with the insanely boring bottom-level of Volgrim society, Hope ultimately manages to find a rare moment of privacy. He returns to his human form, then turns himself invisible and ethereal, like a ghost. He uses his Wordsmithing in a novel new way, allowing himself to gently glide around while adopting Jason's old form of three-dimensional infra-sonar vision.

Much like when Jason ended up crippled due to Amelia's sudden attack and became blind for a while, Hope materializes the world around him within his Mind's Eye, allowing him to see in a massive sphere of influence around himself. Like this, he begins 'swimming' around the city's skyline, taking care to avoid any high-level Psions he might encounter.

Hope travels from one titanic building to the next. Once he becomes capable of emerging into Volgarius's open air and leaving the cramped confines of its interior spaces, he truly begins to appreciate, respect, and even fear the Volgrim's level of civilization.

In the so-called Modern Era, the early 2000's, before Jason entered the cryopod, the tallest structures humanity could build, the absolute apex of their civilization, rarely broke a thousand feet in height. By contrast, the Volgrim's stratoscrapers stay true to their name by rising several miles in height and 'scraping' the upper atmosphere. At the tallest heights, Volgarius's air becomes so thin that it's impossible for unaugmented Technopaths, ordinary Changelings, or weak Psions to breathe.

As for Hope, he begins searching in a frenzy. He zips from one tower to another, musing over the ramifications of how eerily orderly Volgrim society is. The way they march from place to place like worker ants, lacking all passion or love for their feeble, useless lives.

It's only when he reaches his first 'middle zone' that Hope finally stumbles onto something interesting.

A Psionic Enclave.

Hope discovers this location by accident. Its buildings appear no different than any other, but when he detects a sudden increase in psionic senses sweeping an approaching area, Hope goes on the alert. He casts a dozen Words of Power to shield himself, then slowly drifts inside the building.

Upon entering, he finds floor after floor of First, Second, and Third Level Psions practicing their abilities. The higher up in the tower he goes, the more powerful the abilities they display.

Hope decides to use this opportunity to finally familiarize himself with how their powers function. Having never fought a Psion before, nor encountered them in a violent manner, like Jason did twice, Hope has no frame of reference for what they can do. He gently descends into one of their First Level enclaves and obscures himself in the corner of the room.

...

A hundred junior Psions, all of them below one thousand years old, sit cross legged on the floor of a dojo-like area, while a heavily armored Third Level Psion levitates before them. The leader of this training is someone named Raavul, a female Psion with bright yellow skin and blood-red eyes. Despite her fierce appearance, she actually has quite a soft and gentle demeanor.

The room's soft blue lighting contrasts with the violent paintings and images scrawled onto the wall behind Raavul. On these paintings, images of her minor feats as a Third Level Aspirator reveal a couple different conquests of undeveloped worlds. They also show her releasing her psionic power to clear away debris and rescue other Volgrim trapped in cave-ins and other minor operations.

[Welcome back, Bronze Initiators.] Raavul says, projecting her voice outward to her students. [We will be picking up where we left off, two cycles ago. Before we begin, have any of you made a breakthrough yet?]

Raavul sweeps her psionic sense across the classroom. The other Psions bow their heads, feeling slightly ashamed of their slow progress.

[None?] She questions. [That is to be expected. The path to mastering Psionics is a marathon, not a sprint. Those who attempt to hurry their progress will never achieve the ninth form of the Sinarii. This failure will result in a permanent failure to ascend to the Sixth Level, and as such, your hopes of reaching greater heights will come to an end.]

She turns to one of the male Psions, a blue-skinned fellow with equally blue eyes, wearing simple white robes.

[Dunal. For ten cycles, I have watched while you struggled to decide your Path. Have you yet determined which branch you would like to begin training in? Your first foray into the Illuvian Wastes revealed you hold a certain aptitude for Primal Psionics, as well as Liquid Psionics and Body Psionics. While these three may be among the most basic types a young Initiator can begin to learn, they are also simple to pick up and versatile on the battlefield. What say you?]

The male Psion, Dunal, shifts his posture uncomfortably.

[Aspirator Raavul. My mind is slow and my thoughts are muddied. I have been unable to decide which Path to take. I continually attempt to refine my Psionic Seed, but something seems to hold me back. As for the cause of my distress, I know not what it is.]

Raavul does not chide the young male. Instead, she merely nods at him and pauses for a moment to collect her thoughts.

[...You are not alone in your concerns. Ever since the Plague attacked, and especially in recent cycles, a sense of unease has grown in the seeds of many young Initiators. You fear that you will not be able to enhance your abilities quickly enough to assist the Founders in their efforts. You worry the Plague will strike at Volgarius, and that if you have trained yourself in the wrong Path, you will only burden our great leaders with your failure.]

The Aspirator turns away from her pupil to face an image of a single powerful female Psion, a drawing that stretches from the bottom of the wall to the top. Her rough obsidian skin and golden armor gives her a powerful aura, a sense of undefeatable prowess, as if nothing beneath the heavens could possibly stop her should she push herself to the limit.

[You have no need to concern yourself with such fears.] Raavul says, a hint of worship in her voice. [The Plague is powerful. It is fearsome. It is all-consuming. But it is not unstoppable. No-one in this room, not even me, has lived nearly long enough to witness the incredible feats of our revered Second Founder. Founder Dosena split the void. When the Sentinels attacked, she and her Ninth Level companions fought for tens of cycles, battering back the unstoppable machines of death, until ultimately putting them to rest for all eternity.]

Raavul continues. [You cannot begin to imagine the power our Second Founder possesses. Should the Plague reach our world, she will crush it without hesitation. At that moment, even the Eighth Level Psions will be little more than leaves riding the wave of her spatial storms. None of you will ever be a player compared to her, so you need not concern yourself with such idle thoughts. You must only do your best and rise to the task of becoming the best warriors _you_ can be.]

She turns to face her student. [Do you understand, Dunal?]

[I do.] Dunal says, bowing his head. [I apologize, Aspirator Raavul. I allowed my emotions to cloud my judgment. I...]

He pauses.

[...I will attempt to make my first breakthrough as a Primal Psion.]

[Excellent.] Raavul says, a hint of praise in her voice. [The most important choice you can make is any choice at all. By firming up your heart, you can choose your Path, then begin to form your Psionic Seed. Once you have solidified your Seed, you shall be able to walk beyond the realm of a mere First Level Psion and ultimately reach the second level.]

Another Psion student, a female with green skin, lifts up her head. [Aspirator Raavul. How long did you require to step from the First to the Second Level?]

[Nineteen hundred and forty-one cycles.] Raavul answers without missing a beat. [I was neither fast nor slow. Did you know? Executor Nufaris stepped from the First to the Second Level after a surprisingly long three thousand cycles. Later, when he first initiated contact with the primitive world of Earth, he was on the cusp of reaching the Sixth Level. Yet, just two hundred cycles afterward, he reached the Seventh Level. Can anyone here tell me what this indicates?]

The Aspirator glances around the room. Another student projects their thoughts outward.

[Aspirator Raavul. The Executor was able to make rapid progress due to the frequency of battles he engaged in with the mud-dwelling populace of humanity.]

[Indeed.] Raavul says. [He wisely chose not to immediately subjugate those errant Terrans, but instead to toy with them and use them as a whetstone for his troops. By constantly engaging in battle, Psions can quickly consolidate their Seeds and reach the next level. This should indicate to you that learning in a classroom might be a safe way to progress your Seed's consolidation, but it will always be far and away inferior to engaging in real battle. Only by placing your lives on the line can you properly reach your limits.]

She continues interviewing her students for a while, as Hope watches from a distant corner of the room, his body half-submerged in the ceiling. The Wordsmith's clone examines the Psions and listens intently to Raavul's teachings to enlighten himself better on how their powers work. Perhaps no Earthling has ever gotten such an intimate look at their society before now.

After an hour, Raavul levitates to the front of the classroom. [Next, you will demonstrate your comprehensions for me. Let us start with the Body Enhancers. There are thirteen of you in total. Step forward.]

At Raavul's orders, just over a dozen Psions, comprised of males and females of multiple different colors, all step to the front of the room. They stand obediently before their teacher, awaiting her words.

[There is no such thing as a useless branch of Psionics.] Raavul states. [Body Enhancers are often seen as 'thuggish' and 'brutish' compared to other Psions. Some may even wonder what the appeal is in enhancing one's body through their Seed when even Primal Psionics seem so much more robust. When the Dolgrimites and Ascended are such physically powerful warriors, why bother with elevating our own bodies instead of focusing on our unique strengths?]

Raavul snaps her attention to the thirteen before her. She addresses the first student, a gold-skinned female with surprisingly thick muscles and visibly elongated nails reminiscent of claws.

[Initiator Y'ill. You are the most senior of your fellow Body Enhancers. Describe to your lessers what comprehensions you have uncovered, as well as the Path you have chosen.]

The gold-skinned Y'ill nods. She turns around to face the other students, while lifting up her hand to show off her long claw-like nails.

[I am a Body Enhancer. I spent thirty cycles deciding what specialization best suited me. While raw strength is a common option, I decided to focus on rapid regeneration of my injured vessel, as well as nearly-indestructible cutaneous talons. My goal is to rip apart my enemies in battle and cause them to suffer sustained bleeding while also destroying their willpower as they fail to cause me lasting injury.]

[A bold choice.] Raavul says. [Unorthodox, even. Describe your reasoning. Why not evolve toward a more strength-oriented focus, as many other Psions do?]

[Strength wins competitions.] Y'ill responds. [But endurance wins wars. I hope to someday become an unkillable monster on the battlefield. I will serve the Founders by making my body immune to all known toxins, chemicals, and diseases. In the end, I wish to even make myself immune to the Plague.]

[Immune to the Plague!] Raavul exclaims, visibly surprised. She arches her eyebrows while gazing at Y'ill's backside. [We do not yet know how the Plague infects its victims, yet you profess your intent to become immune to its power. Do you think such a feat is a simple matter?]

[Simple? No, Aspirator Raavul. It will most likely fail. However, if I can transform myself at the cellular level through my Seed, perhaps I can assist the Founders by creating a genome that is immune to the Plague. In doing so, I will save countless lives. And if I fail, I will have no regrets! Because in the end, I am merely one of many. I am a tool that serves the Founders.]

Aspirator Raavul closes her eyes for a moment before opening them again.

[I contemplate, and I comprehend. Your Path is quite unique, Initiator Y'ill. Perhaps you will succeed, and perhaps you will fail, but I speak for all of us when I express hope in the former.]

She turns her attention to the next Psion, a male with black skin covered in white 'flecks' of color, as if someone spattered droplets of paint all across his body. The male Psion appears quite skinny and frail, as if he has never had a good bite to eat in all his life. His height puts him half a head above his peers, making him look like a lanky beanpole.

[Initiator Tarim.] Raavul says. [Describe to the others what comprehensions you have uncovered, as well as the Path you have chosen.]

The male, Tarim, shifts his feet positioning.

[My current form is incomplete. Compared to Initiator Y'ill, my comprehensions are shallow and unrefined. Nevertheless, I do have a specific goal in mind. I seek to make my body flexible and adaptable. I wish to be able to mold my figure into the shape of other beings as I please.]

[You seek to mimic the Changelings.] Raavul notes. [I do not approve of this choice. You are far from the first Psion to try. In the end, you are likely to break all of your bones and reduce your Seed to ashes. Those who fail in their Path become cripples, useless to our great Empire! I would advise you to adjust your Path now, while you still can.]

[I understand the dangers and concerns.] Tarim says, paying Raavul's warning no mind. [I have always wished to uncover the secrets of the Changelings. I once learned that a Demon Emperor exists who can change his body into any form he wishes, at will, with hardly any delay. I envy this figure and wish to replicate his success; to prove that the Volgrim are not inferior to these alien mud-dwellers.]

[You speak of Emperor Belial.] Raavul notes. [But you have mixed up her gender. She is a female.]

[The data file I obtained was incomplete.] Tarim quickly explains. [It did not contain Emperor Belial's full identity, only her observed powers. I assumed she was a male due to her excessively high strength. I have made an error in my assumptions.]

[You have also belittled our Empire.] Raavul chides her student, frowning at his blunder. [The Volgrim Empire is not inferior to any mud-dweller in any way. Belial may possess some special abilities, but she is far from capable of matching up to us, her superiors. She is our inferior and should be treated as such! As adept an infiltrator as she may be, we would detect her demonic energy from ten parsecs away! She will never pose us a threat, and as such, we should not look to her for inspiration. You should reflect on your misstep and consider changing your path now, while there still is time.]

Tarim frowns. He starts to protest, but thinks better of it.

[...Understood, Aspirator Raavul. I contemplate, and I comprehend.]

Despite his agreeable words, Raavul shakes her head, clearly displeased with his conduct. Even among the mighty Volgrim, billions of Psions still ultimately fail to reach any level of success in their Path due to poor ideas and concepts about how to use their powers. They will never rise to become high-level Psions in their lifetime, and it is clear she thinks Tarim will fall to the same depths as those other failures.

Raavul continues grilling the next batch of Body Enhancers, revealing the surprising amount of depth in this one singular discipline of Psionics.

A blue-skinned male Psion. His Path: Dermal Armor capable of shrugging off tank rounds at point-blank range. Unfortunately, he is only able to conjure this incredible armor on a small portion of his chest. Perhaps, when he reaches the Second Level, he will be able to do much more with it.

Next is a second gold-skinned Psion, but this time a male. He opts to go for simple brute strength, growing muscles that will allow him to rip apart sheets of steel with his bare hands. Despite the brutish nature of his power, Raavul only encourages him to test his limits.

He is followed by three more Psions who also pursue the path of brute strength, one of them focusing on the whole body, while the other two aim to strengthen their legs for the sake of executing mountain-shattering kicks or running at top speed.

There's even a specialized speedster who focuses on the strength of his internal organs along with his legs, all to ensure he can run as fast as possible.

As Raavul goes down the line, she praises some of the Body Enhancers while chiding others.

[Speed is an essential part of combat. However, an often overlooked element of body enhancement is none other than the brain! By focusing your Psionic Seed on your brain, you can think tens or even hundreds of times faster than others. In moments of extreme danger, you can slow your perception of the world to a crawl while a billion thoughts race through your mind. This is an essential skill for many Tactical Psions. Proctors and Legators, for instance, are the most common titles for Body Enhancers who opt to specialize in brain enhancement. Do not underestimate this branch of Body Enhancement, for Founder Dosena herself started off as a Brain Enhancer!]

Several of Raavul's students shake in surprise.

[Is that true?]

[The Second Founder was a Brain Enhancer?!]

[Of course.] Raavul says, blinking her eyes slowly. [Let me give you an important piece of advice. Brain Enhancers are often the deadliest Psions to face in battle. Not only are they quick thinkers who can unravel an entire combat situation within micro-units, but enhancing one's brain also aids them in mastering many other schools of Psionics. Some believe that the only way to become a Ninth Order Psion is through enhancing one's own mental faculties.]

Raavul pauses.

[But don't get any strange ideas. Enhancing the brain is a delicate and dangerous task. Most Psions lack a Body Enhancer aptitude, and those who do have it may inadvertently implode their brains by placing too much psionic pressure on their neurons. I only advise that one should try with the proper training and precautions taken first.]

Her cautionary words deflate the excitement of the Psions present. In this classroom, only thirteen of the students have any aptitude for Body Enhancing, and perhaps only two of them have the talent to focus on their brains. As for the rest, the possibilities range from slim to nonexistent.

[Alright. Go and take your seats.] Raavul says to her Body Enhancer students. [Next, I will call forth the Primals. There are twenty-two of you in total. Come up here and demonstrate your comprehensions.]

As the second group of students begins to make their way to the front of the classroom, Hope watches from afar, a faint smile resting on his lips.

_How interesting. Jason doesn't know any of this. Nobody else does... only me. That will give me a big advantage, especially when none of the Volgrim know that I know how their powers work. Perhaps I can even put this knowledge to use by turning it against them in the future..._

The Wordsmith settles in, ready to observe even more of the aliens as they go about demonstrating their powers, blissfully unaware of the creature lurking in the corner of their Psionic Enclave...