Part 427: Hope's Quest

_Volgarius. Some time before the Stormbringer Tribunal._

Hope Hiro continues his mission on the Volgrim homeworld. He forcibly rejuvenates his mind through Wordsmithing, never taking the risk of going to sleep in the middle of enemy territory. Over the course of a full week, he scouts out more than a dozen Psion strongholds, but he never finds the information he needs the most.

_I can't risk getting too close to a 7th or 8th Level Psion._ Hope thinks. _But none of these 6th Level Psions hold real political power. They don't know where Excalibur or the Dominion Rod is being held. I need to change my strategy._

Despite failing to find the location of his desired Heroic Artifacts, Hope hasn't wasted his time. Over the past week, he has successfully infiltrated many Psion training facilities, secret bunkers, and other such areas, and he has learned a lot about their abilities, how they fight, and how they evolve.

_Psions are way too scary._ Hope thinks. _Most of the high-level ones have altered their minds and bodies. They have inhuman reaction times. They can think faster than me and have tens or even hundreds of thousands of years of combat experience, if not millions! They know how to combat Heroes, Angels, Demons, and even Titans. If they ever detect me, they'll rip me apart before I can react. Trying to seek out the information I need from them is certainly going to fuck me over in the long run._

Hope slowly nods.

_But there is another way._

The Wordsmith slowly flies through the sky, weaving between stratoscrapers and dodging the innumerable craft flying around while steadily progressing past all the seemingly-identical towers built in grids across Volgarius's surface.

While Volgarius seems to be a planet covered in boring, bland, identical infrastructure, Hope has come to find out that the towers do in fact have minute differences. He's become capable of identifying which stratoscrapers are older than others, which were rebuilt in the past few thousand years, and even which ones have been around since the conclusion of the Seven Great Wars of Volgrim myth.

_Psions don't work alone._ Hope muses. _If there's one thing I've learned, it's that the Volgrim sub-species are always in constant conflict for benefits, but they also have to cooperate to improve their lot in life. Especially with the Kolvaxians gaining ground every year. Where there are Psions, there are Changelings and Technopaths as well. They form a symbiotic trio._

He frowns.

_But as for The Ascended, I still have yet to encounter a single one. As best I can tell, there must be trillions of them hidden in secret military installations on other worlds, all hooked up to their virtual playgrounds or whatever, but they never bother mingling with their 'lessers.' And as for the Dolgrimites? Heh. Those recluses basically consider the other four subspecies to be 'sinners against Dolgris.' What a bunch of weirdos._

Unlike Jason, Hope has not extensively interacted with Founder Unarin, nor has he observed the realm of Valhalla. He hasn't a clue about the discoveries his other half has made, but neither has he slacked off in his own efforts. Hope knows plenty of secrets Jason would froth at the mouth to learn.

_I have to target the Technopaths._ Hope concludes. _Their weapons, their automated mecha, and their robots are scary as hell, but they can't detect me like high-level Psions can. They must have secret bases without any high-level Psions lingering around, places I can sneak into and find the information I need. There must be something..._

The Second Wordsmith descends toward one of many identical-looking stratoscrapers on Volgarius's surface. What he discovers during his approach is that this one contains hardly any Psionic auras inside its interior. Coupled with a few telltale nuances on the structure's exterior, this allows him to identify it as a Technopath stronghold.

_The three 'core' subspecies often heavily interact with one another and assist each other in the aspects where they're weakest. Psions are great at frontline combat, but they would be overwhelmed quickly without Technopath technology backing them up and providing support from the rear. At the same time though, the five species don't especially trust each other. They're always competing with one another and trying to stash secrets away..._

Hope's eyes flicker with a greedy gleam. He cautiously slides into the stratoscraper's interior, passing through its walls with his ghost-like body. He rubs his eyes as he realizes he's beginning to feel tired.

"**Rejuvenate.** Damn. It's not having as much effect as before. I barely got six hours out of the last spell."

He keeps his voice quiet, despite the barrier surrounding his body, preventing his voice or any sound from leaking. It even neutralizes the odors leaking off his body, just in case any bloodhound-nosed Volgrim happen to glance in his general direction.

Within seconds, Hope arrives inside a brightly-lit interior room somewhere inside the stratoscraper. He takes a moment to orient himself, ultimately discovering he's entered a tech-research facility. Maintenance and construction tools clump together in pairs, connected to power conduits and hanging down from cables designed to maximize their scanning capabilities while minimizing their weight. They hover over workbenches and tables covered in countless pieces of unknown technology.

Hope finds nearly a hundred Technopath researchers crawling around the room. After a quick visual inspection, he nods to himself.

_These Volgrim have ugly but functional implants. They seem somewhat crude, but they're optimized to work as efficiently as possible while consuming very little bioelectric power. If I had to guess, this stratoscraper must be owned by Clan... Oblong?_

Hope hovers at the corner of the room, just below the ceiling. His eyes flick around as he assess the structure's inhabitants.

_No... even for Technopaths, these implants are only mid-tier. This must be a sub-clan working under Oblong. Maybe Clan Hadron? They follow a philosophy similar to Oblong, but they're not as well-funded, nor as prominent._

Hope levitates downward. Unlike his forays into Psion spaces, he can fly extremely close to the Technopaths without them spotting him or sensing anything amiss. However, Hope always worries they might have some unknown technology capable of detecting him once he draws within a certain proximity, so he still chooses to keep at least two arm-lengths from any Technopath, just in case.

At this distance, Hope can finally get a good look at the Technopaths and what they're doing. He chooses to observe a pair of mid-ranking personnel, a male and a female. The male stands atop two surprisingly slender legs, each barely the width of a sword-blade, but curved into a sideways-facing 'v' shape to retain flexibility. The male's legs taper off into two dainty metal 'feet,' though they look more to Hope like circular pads that maintain minimal contact with the ground. How the male manages to balance himself or hold his body upright is anyone's best guess.

The female Technopath, on the other hand, has two half-legs attached to her lower torso, and at the spot where a human's knees might be, there are instead anti-gravity pads, allowing her to 'walk' on air, though her movements appear as smooth as if she were simply flying around in a pod like Sangin Lidra would. Her body doesn't even bob up and down when she 'walks' across the air.

The two Technopaths work together to build what Hope guesses is some sort of energy rifle, but its alien design and incomplete form leaves him uncertain of its parameters. He easily translates the Volgrim's speech through Wordsmithing, allowing him to listen in on their conversation.

"The PTR is insufficient." Says the female Technopath. "What use is projectile velocity if it comes at the cost of heat management? Even a Symmetran could do better than this."

"There's no need to slander my work." Her male counterpart replies. "I still haven't adjusted the LL Index. I'm thinking of replacing these Victor-Tubes with a set from Clan Corona. They'll be smaller and more energy efficient."

"That will lower the maximum energy capacity." His coworker retorts. "The entire point is to create an anti-material rifle superior to the Hyperion V in all respects. If it comes up short in any category, the Analysts will classify it as a variant."

"I am aware." The male says, trying not to sound too irritated. "We can raise the energy capacity by increasing the conduit width by twelve percent. After that, we will switch these micro-fibers to nano-fibers, and that should bridge the gap."

"What model of nano-fibers are you planning to use?" The female asks, before turning to a computer terminal at the side. She quickly types in some commands to pull up the rifle's specs, then scowls. "Useless! These are from Clan Kokorat! The Viltrix Filaments use nucleonic particles to maintain their stability, and have a seven percent failure rate! That means nearly a tenth of the rifles we produce are liable to explode once deployed to the frontlines!"

"They are more volatile than I would prefer, yes," The male says, "and the Founders _know_ I would never willingly choose to employ faulty Kokorat filaments unless absolutely necessary. But I think if we include an external nanite repair system, we can minimize the damages caused if the rifles malfunction."

"If you can ensure the Viltrix Filaments only fizzle out instead of exploding, then that might make sense." The other Technopath says. "But this is Kokorat technology we're talking about. If you include even a single component made by Kokorat, you'll instantly plummet our confidence index by at least fourteen percent. We will lose more research grants than we'll gain! Name even one military outfit willing to put untested weapons on the frontlines if they have even a single Kokorat component!"

"I'm doing the best I can, here!" The male Technopath exclaims. "Trying to improve the parameters of the Hyperion V is easier said than done! And the deadline is only two cycles from now. I have to take a risk!"

The female Technopath, clearly the male's direct superior, shakes her head disapprovingly. Her mouth-tentacles quiver as she tries to suppress her frustration.

"Tsk! If the choice is a bit of heat dispersion loss or using one of Kokorat's scrap components... just use the former. We'll have to- WAIT! Why not use Clan Aratrax's nano-wires? The Madir Mk. III's have been battle tested to endure the rigors of combat. They should mostly solve the heat and energy transfer issues!"

"We _will_ lose a few points of efficiency..." The male replies hesitantly. "But the overall power output will certainly increase by at least twelve percent. I think this is feasible!"

"Excellent. Get to work on your revisions. We only have two cycles to complete this round of designs. And you're far from the only Constructor trying to make an upgraded Hyperion V. I will _not_ lose our War Provision allotments to those damned Symmetrans!"

The two Technopaths drift apart, with the female heading off to deal with some other matters, while the male remains in the same spot, modifying his schematics to add new information, update his notes, and follow through on his superior's commands.

All the while, Hope quietly observes their dialogue, gleaning plenty of information about these two from their conversations.

_So this is a military research facility. That's perfect. I'm sure now that it belongs to Clan Hadron. They must need the War Provisions to increase their budget so they can research even mightier weapons of war._

The Wordsmith hovers around, observing other Technopaths while shaking his head.

_It's too bad. The Volgrim have long since reached a near-plateau in terms of technological innovation. They can barely make gains of a few percentage points with their technology, so they're struggling to find novel new solutions. And on a planet of trillions, there's no room for losers or drifters. You either innovate or you fall out of memory._

_Doesn't help that their futures are looking more and more grim by the day thanks to the Kolvaxians._

Hope narrows his eyes. His heart hardens as he once again dwells on the thought that humanity's future will soon come under dire threat if it lacks the means to protect itself.

_I need to find Excalibur!_

He drifts throughout the building, phasing through floors and walls while looking for much higher-ranked Technopaths. Within a few short hours, Hope eventually travels underground into the building's subterranean layers. He finally discovers the people he's been looking for when he arrives inside a highly secure facility.

An underground chamber reinforced with ten-feet-thick exosteel walls and countless layers of security sits with a small meeting table in its center, ten seats surrounding its edges. Multiple datapads lay strewn about its surface. Five lights line the ceiling, their harsh blue color shining down to form distinct 'spots' on the table's surface. Otherwise, the room appears utterly bare, without even a hint of decorations.

A female Technopath missing the lower half of her body rests atop a circular pod levitating at the head of the table. Her keen eyes and aged skin reveal her to be someone of somewhat advanced age. She levitates before a pair of contrite-looking Technopaths who Hope quickly identifies as Clan Leaders according to the quality of their implants. However, they certainly appear to be of lower status than the female before them.

"-disappointed in you." The female Technopath says. "Clan Oblong does not intend to continue financing Clans Hadron and Victor if you cannot produce results! We have already lost two manufacturing worlds in the last five cycles! Our weapons must cut through the Plagueborn faster if we are to reverse their momentum!"

"Clan Leader Lidra," One of the lesser Clan Leaders says, her tone hesitant. "We are doing the best we can. Even our brightest minds cannot brute-force innovations."

The second female Technopath appears quite different from her counterpart, Sangin Lidra, the one leading the conversation. Very little skin remains on her body, and she appears more like a machine than a biological entity. Only her head appears to remain mostly flesh-based, but her arms and legs glisten with the shine of exosteel.

"Clan Hadron's excuses continue to pile up." Sangin Lidra retorts. "I would rather have one superior weapon capable of scything the Kolvaxian hordes than fifty inferior tools. Tell your clan to put all its efforts toward one design rather than spreading your workforce thin, if that is what it takes. No excuse, Peri Belmore!"

The male clan leader, silent until this point, flails his arm-tentacles about in exasperation. "The law of diminishing returns! If we put fifty thousand talents to work on a project, it won't get completed fifty thousand times faster, nor will it become fifty thousand times more efficient. Progress may even slow to a stop due to a needlessly complex chain of command!"

Sangin Lidra waves her tentacles dismissively. "You know what I meant. Come up with solutions. Our juniors are so focused on the War Provisions and their place in society they are entirely overlooking the Threat. This is no longer about earning credits or accruing glory. Our society will soon face an unfathomable crisis. We will have to abandon our worlds and flee to the stars. Ninety-nine percent of all Volgrim will be left behind to perish."

Peri Belmore, leader of Clan Hadron, flinches in surprise. "The Founders... they are truly considering such a contingency? I thought that was the worst case scenario?"

The leader of Clan Victor, a male named Rynor Grey, lowers his head and sighs. "The worst-case scenario is already here. I can only assume that the number of cycles remaining before our front-lines collapse are fewer than we last estimated."

"They are." Sangin Lidra says, her tone melancholic. "We might have a thousand cycles left at most. Perhaps only several hundred. The Plague's ability to evade our defenses and reach the heart of our worlds is too frightening. We simply cannot stop its spread. It even struck a world controlled by demonkind recently."

"Better the mud-dwellers than our people." Rynor Grey says. "But... I must ask. Have you heard the news from the Founder's Council? It seems the human Wordsmith recently had a meeting with Founder Unarin. We learned all sorts of new information which is currently being disseminated among the upper ranks."

"I have heard of this meeting." Lidra says, nodding sagely. "Though I have not had time to review the details."

"It turns out there is a massive folded space enveloping the entire Milky Way!" Rynor proclaims. "What we know is that it is called the Cosmic Realm. It was created by the angels in the time before Volgrimkind's ascension, during the Primordial Wars."

"Hmph. The angels." Peri Belmore says in a dismissive tone. "Undead relics. An ancient but fallen order. But now we are facing a Threat due to their incompetence?"

"All life in the Milky Way descends from the angels." Rynor Grey says. "But perhaps the angels could not fathom the existence of horrors from outside our galaxy. Either way, it appears the Kolvaxians have managed to infiltrate the Cosmic Realm and are using it to materialize on worlds inside our defensive perimeter!"

Hope's eyes flicker as he listens to the three Technopath clan leaders talk. He quickly learns about some of the antics Jason has been up to, as well as information specifically relating to the Cosmic Realm.

For a brief moment, Lidra becomes quiet. She gazes at the two lesser clan leaders with trepidation.

"This changes everything. Will we send an Executor to investigate the Cosmic Realm?"

"We are not currently certain how to enter its periphery." Rynor says. Clan Victor's leader touches his arm-tentacles together daintily, as if collecting his thoughts. "I believe Executor Nufaris may begin making attempts to locate an entry point soon, though. However, from what I have heard, few are confident we will be able to gain entry without the Wordsmith's help. The Cosmic Realm should be accessible from anywhere, but nobody is able to sense it, not even Founder Dosena. How is it possible that after all these eons, we never once detected its presence?"

The other two clan leaders nod grimly.

"I would not expect any immediate gains." Peri Belmore says. "We will have to work closely with the Wordsmith if we expect to locate an entrance to the Cosmic Realm. Perhaps this will finally allow us to eradicate the Kolvaxians at their source! I have long theorized that they are a hivemind with a controller hiding in an unknown location. The Cosmic Realm seems to be the most optimal hiding place for such an entity..."

"Actually... when it comes to the Wordsmith," Sangin Lidra says, suddenly lowering her voice to a whisper. "I have learned some interesting news. The Founders recently sent Creator Demila to investigate his world."

"Creator Demila." Rynor repeats. "She might not be an Executor, but her stealth and observation skills are top notch. What do you think her spying will uncover?"

"These are mud-dwellers we're talking about." Peri chortles, causing her mouth-tendrils to tremble. "They will not be able to hide any secrets from Demila. Rumor has it she can extend her psionic sense across the entirety of a star system. Her telepathy is not terribly advanced, but since her opponents are mere primitives, it will prove sufficient."

"Her body enhancements have reached a profound level." Lidra nods knowingly. "Her eyesight can view all visible light spectrums, the microscopic realm, and can zoom onto objects thousands of kilometers in the distance. She can even peer through walls! To say nothing of her hearing. The mud-dwellers won't have any secrets left to hide by the week's end!"

"If we can obtain the right leverage, we should be able to twist the Wordsmith's arm until he gives us what we want for free." Rynor says. "There is no reason we should divert so many precious War Provisions to an inferior species like the humans."

"Indeed."

The three Technopaths continue discussing various topics for several hours longer. Eventually, they split apart and go their separate ways.

Hope locks his eyes onto Sangin Lidra's back.

_This Technopath is not one I can afford to let slip away. She WILL lead me to Excalibur!_