Part 666: HELL ON EARTH

_January 29th, 2021. Eastern Egypt._

In a sand-covered land of dunes and mountains, no place in particular stood out much. Humanity, for the most part, remained oblivious to the ancient secrets hidden within Egypt's borders.

South of Israel, between the Gulf of Suez and the Gulf of Agaba, at a point directly between those two bodies of water, there stood a small cathedral and tourist exhibit. Guests from all across Egypt and other neighboring countries would sometimes come to see the sights of the untamed wilderness, and to pay their respect to the ancient figure whose image was enshrined inside its walls.

This region was known as Saint Catherine's Monastery, and its holy site was ordained thousands of years earlier by the forces of righteousness whose names were not widely distributed among those not in the know.

With a population of 4,600, Saint Catherine's Monastery was quite sizable for a desertified town. It was built at the foot of Mount Sinai, and only the most privileged members of humanity knew the truth about this seemingly insignificant but culturally historical summit.

It was the location of the entrance to _Heaven_.

Heavily guarded, hidden by multiple high-level illusion formations and defensive wards, it was one of the most fortified locations on the Earth. Even a nuclear bomb sent flying at the mountain would only be able to detonate a mile above it, when it struck a barrier of divine energy laid down millennia prior by Archangel Camael and her other allies.

Even if the mountain itself was destroyed, it would be no issue for the angels. In truth, they had secretly constructed other entrances to Heaven elsewhere on Earth, but these entrances were considered backups and never used for anything more than dispatching angels in disguise. The primary entrance on Sinai was where 99% of all angels entered and departed, god-willing.

Saint Catherine's Monastery accomplished many strategic objectives for the angels. It was an unimportant backwater pilgrimage site where only the most devout Christians visited, and it was not particularly impressive. It was also where the ashen remains of Saint Catherine, the legendary Valkyrie who killed Demon Emperor Valac, had been laid to rest. Her noble sacrifice had eventually been memorialized eternally by naming an entire city after her. Her sword, the Sword from Heaven, had gone on to land in the hands of the Trueborn Hero, Joan of Arc.

Over time, the humans who took up residence at Saint Catherine's Monastery had invented all sorts of superstitious takes on who 'Catherine' really was. The idea that she was truly an angel never entered anyone's mind. Naturally, that had been a part of the original mythos, but most people assumed those were merely ancient people not knowing their heads from their feet. She had slowly become a human figure of myth, and then her original legend had faded out of memory.

It was on this day that the chief priest at the Monastery stepped onto the podium before a congregation of four hundred devotees. He wore simple white ceremonial robes, and his thin figure made him appear docile and unremarkable. Even so, he had a divine light in his eyes. He was one of only a handful of people who knew the actual truth of the Monastery. This Truth had been passed down from one Monastery Head to the next for thousands of years.

"Brothers, sisters, and newcomers alike. I am Father Lou." The old man said. "Every Friday, we pray to the graven image of Jesus in respect of the ancestors, and we allow a voice among the flock to speak his or her insight into the scriptures. Today, our guest speaker is a pilgrim from the west; the capital city of Cairo. It is not often we have someone from the Great City here, and while his credentials are rather modest, I pray that you will all give him a warm welcome."

Father Lou gestured to the left. A dark-skinned man with an even leaner build than Lou himself slowly stepped onto the stage. He was completely unremarkable. His teeth were chipped. His hair was clean, but it seemed to only be an action he had performed for this particular occasion. The buildup of debris on his face made it quite evident that showers and baths were not a luxury he partook in often.

"This is Brother Clarence." Father Lou explained. "He is a homeless wanderer who has suffered a hard life. When he told me his story, I wept countless tears alongside him. Despite the hand he was dealt, I became inspired by his tale, and invited him to speak today. Brother Clarence, why don't you lead the flock today in prayer?"

Clarence shuffled forward. He bowed his head humbly and smiled at Father Lou.

"Father, thank you for your generosity. It has been many a moon since I experienced such warm love and devotion from my fellow man. The capital city is overrun by men with materialism in their hearts, and women who have fallen into the throes of lust. It is good to know that men and women who walk with God still lay claim to some of Earth's lands."

Father Lou stepped aside, making room at the podium for Clarence after they kissed one another on the cheek. Then Clarence took a moment to collect his thoughts.

"Before I begin, let us all offer a short moment of silence to the image of Christ." Clarence said.

Everyone in the room followed his guidance. They closed their eyes, pressed their palms together, and bowed their heads. After a few moments, they took their seats and awaited Clarence's next words.

"Brothers and sister. Mothers and fathers. Sons and daughters." Clarence said, taking care to speak loudly and project his voice to even the furthest pews. "The world we have been born into is not the same world as the one in which our parents lived, and that world was equally different from the ones of their parents, and their parents' parents, and so on. Every day, I feel that humanity's love unravels, bit by bit, more and more."

"Always," he continued, "there are good men and women out there. But the ease in which communities have degraded fills my heart with shame. Humans are destroying the planet. We are losing our love not only for one another, but for the plants, trees, bugs and animals that share this beautiful world with us."

Several people nodded. There were many among the flock who were foreigners who had moved to the monastery to live a more modest life, abandoning their materialistic ways, but far more of them were native residents who had only heard of the greed and decadence of distant powers secondhand and thirdhand from others. They had not seen such horrors with their own eyes, but they 'knew' what Brother Clarence was saying must be true!

"Every day, I pray to the Lord regarding how He plans to save our world." Clarence continued. "And recently, when I was praying, I suddenly heard His voice speak back to me! His angels had heard my prayers! The Lord knows that humanity has become too corrupted by its decadence. It has strayed too far from its origin. Our species has mutated into a disease upon His beloved blue Earth. We rape the oceans, burn the forests, and murder the wildlife, all to satiate our own greed! Surely, there must be a better way? Surely, there must be something we can do to stymie the bleeding and begin rebuilding for the betterment of all species?"

Clarence paused. His eyes flickered around as he looked at several audience members randomly, making them feel as if he were speaking to them personally.

On the sidelines, Father Lou watched Clarence's speech with rapt attention. His heart swelled with awe as he realized this Clarence might initially seem simple and unassuming, but in reality, he had an incredible knack for public speaking! Every word incited the audience's interest and sucked them deeper into his flow. Even Father Lou was becoming greatly invested in what Clarence would say next.

This was not a talent that could easily be trained. It had to be granted by the Divines at birth!

Clarence was no ordinary man. He was blessed by the Angels! And only Lou knew the Truth of this matter based on his lifetime of knowledge and access to information. He would surely alert the Angels as to Clarence's gift, following his sermon.

"We must return to our roots. We must aggressively spread the Gospel of Christ!" Clarence declared. "We must return to the womb from whence we came and be reborn anew, ready to show our fellow humans that there is a better path forward!"

Clarence's fiery words slowly died down in intensity. He shook his head and revealed a sad expression.

"Unfortunately... I am but one man. I am a humble vagrant. A traveler with no home of my own, and no family to love me. I can speak my Truths, but I cannot spread His message across the Earth. Only with the help of other like-minded people can the love of Christ reach the ears of even the most hard-hearted listeners abroad! So that is why I have come here today. I wish to ask all of you... are you willing to abandon your home, join me, and spread the Word of the Divines?!"

Clarence raised his voice.

"Are you?!"

The audience didn't reply at first. They were so captivated by his words that their souls nearly left their bodies. After a few moments, most of the audience members stood up and raised their fists.

"We are ready!" A man exclaimed.

"I wish to spread Jesus's love!" A woman shouted.

"Sitting here will accomplish nothing. We must be proactive!" Another man added.

One by one, the people in the audience threw their metaphorical hats into the ring. Clarence beamed a smile at all of them.

"Brothers. Sisters. You are not wrong to believe in my vision! Some believe that the Lord giveth, and the Lord taketh away. But I disagree! We cannot expect Him to do all the work! We must serve Him and give Him the fruits of our labor as proof of our devotion! It is God's job to punish, but our job to send the sinners to meet him!"

Clarence's last comment caused a strange expression to pass over Father Lou's face, but that moment passed. He dismissed it as Clarence simply being a little too excited in the passion of his speech.

"Well spoken, Brother Clarence!" Father Lou said. "It is true that often man is weak and fickle of mind, too absorbed in himself to give back to the Lord. You have brought an important matter to all our attention!"

"Thank you, Father." Clarence said, his tone becoming a bit more humble as he bowed back toward Lou. "Of course, it is not enough to merely speak empty words. To that end, I would like to continue today's lesson by reading some key verses from the books of Matthew and John. As I was reading them, I noticed some passages that would even enlighten those of us with open minds toward the Lord's will! Take for example-"

He turned to speak to the audience once more, but at that moment, the front doors to the monastery were flung open. An old monk rushed inside, panic on his face.

"Father Lou! Father Lou!!"

Lou frowned. It was out of the ordinary for Brother Tamas to interrupt a Friday service.

"What is the matter?" Lou asked.

"Monsters! Horrible monsters! They're approaching the monastery from the west!!" Brother Tamas half-screamed. "Horrible creatures with red skin and long horns on their heads! They look like humans, but they are bloodthirsty and wretched! They will fall upon us within minutes!!"

"Demons." Father Lou whispered in horror, his eyes shrinking to pinpricks. "S-stay calm! Everyone, the ancestors knew a Day of Sin would befall the non-believers! Quickly, come to the altar! We must all place our hands upon Catherine's Table and beseech her and the Divines to save the monastery!"

Brother Clarence looked around in utter confusion. As a guest, he was not aware of what was going on, but the regulars of the church moved quickly and without panicking. They followed Father Lou's orders and moved toward the altar atop the Holy Pedestal. One by one, they all placed a hand upon it and began to chant according to Lou's instructions.

"Ancient ones! Servants of the Divine! We beseech you! Save us from the Red Calamity!"

Their minuscule amounts of mana barely served to ignite the altar's hidden function. A flicker of light appeared in the air, a mere ball of energy, which then launched into the sky and passed through the roof harmlessly.

Outside the monastery, the screams of people began to grow louder and louder. Those shrieks of horror escalated in intensity. Some of them cut off abruptly, followed by distant, wicked peals of laughter that drew nearer and nearer.

Brother Tamas shut the large wooden doors of the monastery. He swung a heavy metal bar down to lock the entrance tightly, then looked at Father Lou with a face drained of blood.

"What now?!" Tamas asked.

"The ritual is complete!" Lou exclaimed. "Everyone, help me push the altar aside. There is a secret passage leading underground. Brother Clarence, you should take the devotees and flee with them to the east! I will stay here to act as a distraction to these hellish invaders!"

"Father Lou!" Tamas cried. "No, you can't stay! Those monsters will kill you!"

"If the monastery is empty, they will grow suspicious and follow you." Lou said solemnly. "Now... GO! Do not delay another moment!"

And so they did. Clarence was the first to enter, taking up a torch and lighting it before descending into the passage beneath the altar. Hundreds of people quickly followed after him, single-file, leaving only Father Lou behind.

Lou used all of his strength to heave the altar back into place. He dislocated his shoulder from the strain, but luckily he managed to put the altar perfectly back into place before crawling away and collapsing in exhaustion at the bottom of the steps.

"Demon... bastards..." Lou grieved, listening to the sounds of innocent people falling like wheat to the chaff outside the monastery's doors.

Not even a minute later, the door exploded! Heavy chunks of wood, along with the large steel bar, flew across the room and slammed against the monastery's far walls.

A powerful demon with the aura of a Baron strode inside and looked around. Two other Barons followed behind him.

"The Monastery is empty." The lead Baron said, looking at father Lou's collapsed figure shivering on the ground. "Save for this one fellow."

"I recognize him." A female Baron said. "He's the head of the monastery; Father Lou. The intelligence said he leads a service on Fridays. He must have helped the others escape."

Father Lou raised his head to look up at the three demons in horror. He didn't recognize them, but he knew they could kill him with a flick of their wrists.

Most frighteningly, they saw right through his plan to save the others. Clarence was in danger, along with the rest of the flock! There was no way they could outrun this blood-hungry horde of demons!

Luckily, the lead Baron's next words dissipated his greatest fear.

"It doesn't matter. We're not here to kill a few lousy humans. Let them go. Start fortifying this location for the main assault force. We won't have long before the angels respond."

The lead Baron casually walked over to Father Lou. He looked down at the human with disinterest.

"I am Hamir, the Baron of Frost. How does it feel, knowing your life is about to end, little human?"

Lou gritted his teeth. "I have lived... a long life! I do not fear death! The Divines will punish you, hellspawn!"

"Ah. So you're one of those types." Hamir said with a light eye-roll. "Always fun to converse with."

He waved his hand, and a blistering cold wave swept over Father Lou, flash-freezing his body and blood, turning him into a thousand icicles and exploding his figure from the inside-out. He didn't even feel any pain as his frozen body parts were sent scattering all across the tiled floor of the church.

"Vepar is already setting down the poison traps." The female Baron, Vespera, said. Her blackened, shadowy figure flickered as daylight passed through her body. "The Emperors should arrive within an hour or two, once they've amassed their strength. Then, we'll begin the assault on Heaven's Gate."

"What about the rumors of the two Heroes?" Hamir asked. "Are they credible? Two Trueborn in the same generation?"

"It's never happened before, but you know the humans." Vespera said. "They have a knack for surprises."

"Very true." Hamir concluded.

He and the other two Barons split up. They joined the rest of the assault force, sweeping away all the humans in the city through a rapid and violent slaughter-session. Thousands of pilgrims and acolytes screamed one last time before their bodies were ripped apart, flash-frozen, burned to ashes, or crushed into piles of meat and bone.

The humans stood no chance. This was only a backwater monastery, not a place with any formidable military force.

"Baron Hamir!" A Demon Lord shouted, running toward Hamir with great haste. "We detected a trace of holy energy traveling out of the monastery toward Mount Sinai. It's likely the humans managed to alert the damned _pigeons_."

"We expected as much. There's no way the angels would allow themselves to be caught unawares again." Hamir said, unperturbed. "We'll just have to work faster. Everyone, be on your guard. The enemy could swoop down from above at any time. They hold an undeniable aerial advantage against us. Don't let yourselves get picked off without a fight!"

Hamir wasn't worried. He may not have fought during the War in Heaven, but he had heard stories. The angels lost 99% of their pureblooded fighting forces. The replacements were paltry weaklings by comparison.

What did the demons have to fear from a bunch of resurrected humans? The Lazarites were only a threat in the sense of their vast numerical forces. Individually, they were only as strong as Demon Grunts and occasionally Demon Lords. Even if a hundred Lazarites came at Hamir all together, he could slaughter them with ease.

"Enemies spotted in the northwestern skies!" A demon suddenly called out. "They're swooping around. They have halos over their heads... and they're wielding bows! They're Lazarites!"

Hamir's mind engaged at full gear. He spun to look around and easily spotted five angels flying in a wide arc across the skies. As they flew, they notched arrows in their magical bows and fired downward, killing one or two random demon grunts. Nobody truly worth noting.

"Those are only the initial scouts!" Hamir exclaimed. "Take them out so they can't join with the reinforcements later!"

After delivering his command, a rain of fireballs flew into the skies, tracking the angel's movements. The armored fliers took a couple hits, but their enchanted platemail rainments absorbed and deflected all the damage, so they didn't suffer any serious injuries. At the same time, more arrows of light sailed downward and speared another handful of demons.

Multiple volleys flew into and from the air. The demons failed to kill any of the angel scouts, but the angels only succeeded in killing off more than twenty Grunts. Considering how utterly disposable such weak demons were, nobody shed any tears for them except their brood-siblings.

For some reason, one of the angels broke away from the other four. This lone brave warrior picked out the auras of all the high-level demons in the initial assault force and swooped toward a distant Baron hidden behind a building.

Hamir frowned. Before he could call out a warning, the angel disappeared from view... and that Baron's mana signature abruptly cut off.

"What?!" Hamir gasped in shock. "Dead? How could Baron Aramir die? Did it only take the enemy a single hit? But these are mere Lazarites!"

The lone angel warrior leaped back up into the air, spinning with practiced ease as he dodged multiple volleys of fireballs and earth lances flung at him from below.

Then, his attention focused on Hamir. The Baron of Frost felt a shudder go down his spine as the angel flapped his wings, took to the skies, and swooped toward him. He almost felt as if a ferocious predator had locked onto him with its cold, hungry eyes.

"Shit! This Lazarite isn't like the others! His movements are much more fluid! He must be one of the ancient Lazarites, hundreds of years old!" Hamir shouted.

There was always a combat quality difference when it came to the ages of Lazarites. The longer they lived, the more time their human intellect had to experiment with their powers, master their flying speeds, and grow more practiced in the art of war.

But even so, this particular Lazarite was way above his four peers. Their armor had some scorch marks from fireballs, but his didn't at all!

_His?_ Hamir thought, as he noticed the long white hair trailing from behind the Lazarite. _No, this elite is a woman! But who?_

The female Lazarite pulled out a glowing golden spear. She flew directly at Hamir, aiming to spear his heart in one strike. Without hesitation, he exploded a cloud of white frost around himself, obscuring his surroundings and hiding his aura. Then he dove to the right and formed a shield of ice just in the nick of time.

_CRAAAAACK!!!_

The spear had somehow managed to track his position, the Lazarite only failing to kill him like she did Baron Aramir due to his hastily conjured ice wall. She broke through the wall and skidded to a stop behind Hamir, who quickly spun on his heel to fire a gust of icy wind at her.

What he saw made his heart turn frigid. The Lazarite woman immediately transformed her spear into a massive tower shield, deflected his wind, then flapped her wings and rushed at Hamir before he could react. She slammed into him with the shield and sent him flying through the wall of a nearby building, causing it to partially collapse atop him.

Hamir's teeth chattered with fear.

_It's her! Spawn of a- it's the Daughter of Heaven!!_

The woman's face may have been hidden by her helmet, but her martial prowess was already becoming feared by the demons. Some said she had the makings of a Valkyrie. Others claimed she was above them. A tentative minority even believed she had the makings of a future Archangel.

The building exploded as Hamir unleashed all his demonic power, sending chunks of stone and wood flying in all directions. He roared hatefully at Heaven's Child.

"I don't fear you! Pigeon BITCH! Your story will end here, at my hands!"

The Daughter of Heaven looked at him, her expression hidden beneath her helmet.

"You may think me the fiercest opponent you've ever faced, but I shall not remember your face by day's end." She said, her tone one of utter disinterest.

She was Cassiel, the Daughter of Heaven.

The Mightiest Lazarite.