Part 745: Training Montage

_Far-Future Era. Day 20, AJR. Chrona._

Three weeks passed inside Chrona.

When Blinker first arrived to train all the Players, Timothy and the rest had no idea what they were in for. The first thing they discovered was that Blinker had made a special formation that could accelerate the natural healing of their bodies. The second thing they found out was just what that entailed for their training regimen.

Timothy had zero time to do his daily quests. The same was true of Ferral, Marigold, and all the other Players except Fiona. Under Blinker's intensive training, they were subjected to brutal, unending tests of endurance, fast paced combat against foes large and small, and a great deal of focus was put on improving their teamwork.

In the first few days, Blinker simulated underground caverns with kobolds and goblins. After that, she simulated battlefields with orcs and Demon Barons, fireballs exploding nearby, and all sorts of other traumatizing things that left Timothy mentally scarred.

Timothy may have been raised on video games, but he had been shocked the first several dozen times he saw Blinker's hyper-realistic monsters being decapitated, their chests stabbed, their blood spraying, and even their viscera spilling out.

One might have expected Raavul to be the most proficient member of the group when it came to battling, but as it happened, she was almost as green as the rest of them when it came to combat. As a teacher, she spent the majority of her life either as a Learner herself, living in Enclaves, meditating on her Psionic Seed, and other such things. She had never fought in a real life and death battle, so she screwed up many times. If Raavul had one excellent trait, it was that she always maintained a center of calm even in extreme situations. She was not prone to panicking.

Ferral was probably the most consistent performer among the group. Fiona was not planning to enter the dungeons with the team, so Ferral turned out to be their best combat specialist, using his limited grasp on psionics to disorient and debilitate enemies, which allowed Timothy and Marigold to get kills more easily.

Marigold was the most bloodthirsty of the group. As a crocodile, she was a natural predator who did not even blink when it came to blood. She loved ripping things apart and never flinched in the face of danger. It _did_ turn out that she had a weakness for 'gross and slimy things', which she quickly thrust onto her boyfriend to take care of.

Timothy found that of all the Players, he was the most well-rounded. He was the weakest member of the group stat-wise, but he'd put a lot of focus on choosing good skills to round out his biggest flaws. Wielding the Sword of Justice, he was able to empower it with flames through the Divine Blaze skill and cut through enemies quite easily. As such, his combat prowess was not shabby in the least.

In the end though, the greatest stand-out figure of them all wasn't a Player in the first place.

Paimon also joined in with the Players in Blinker's month-long training event. In doing so, he revealed himself to be an expert warrior with hundreds of years of combat experience!

Unlike Timothy and the rest, Paimon was not a nerd who spent most of his days indoors. He was a demon, born and raised in demon society. He had grown up fighting for his life, fighting for scraps of food, and fighting for the mere right to live!

Paimon was 40,000 years old, and though he had been stuck as a Demon Grunt his entire life, his fighting style was mature and well-rounded. His abilities were weak, and his estimated stats were only a little higher than Timothy, making him technically the second-weakest member of the group, but in terms of combat knowledge he blew the rest of them out of the water.

Thus, despite being Timothy's Pawn, at the end of the training session, the group unanimously elected him to be their leader!

"It is my honor to accept the position." Paimon said. "I only worry I will let you all down. My strength is lacking."

"It won't be for long!" Blinker said, as she walked over and clapped him on the back. "Come on over to the Workshop, guys. Fiona's been working on a big surprise for all of you!"

Timothy's eyes widened. For four long weeks, he'd been dragging his body to Blinker's Bootcamp every morning at 5 AM, or whatever the Chrona equivalent of morning was, given it didn't have a sun in the sky, proper. He'd had his body beaten and broken, healed up, then beaten and broken again, never getting to play any video games to relax or even having the time or energy to read a book.

Thus, Timothy hadn't been able to pay attention to his mother's actions, and he had no idea she'd been working on something for him and the rest.

When the group arrived at Jason Hiro's Warehouse, Blinker dramatically thrust the door open to reveal the interior had been completely renovated! No longer did rust coat the walls, nor were the old dusty shelves filled with random buckets of knick-knacks and other assorted crap. Instead, professional-looking sliding shelves, revolving displays, armor and weapon racks, and many other such things now took up the interior of the room.

Fiona leaned back against a countertop, smiling as everyone walked in, with Rebecca standing not too far off to the side. "Timothy, Ferral, Raavul, Marigold, and Paimon! Congrats on surviving Blinker's training. I hear she didn't hold back at all on you greenhorns!"

[Indeed she did not.] Raavul said. [She pushed all of us to our limits. I am eternally grateful for the experience. I learned much about my weaknesses and areas I am in dire need of improvement.]

"I don't feel like a toddler swinging a stick around anymore." Timothy said. "I'm no expert, but I feel like I'm better than an amateur when it comes to swordplay now."

[I have improved the control of my abilities.] Ferral said. [Before Blinker's training, I believed myself to be much stronger than I actually was.]

"I had TONS of fun!" Marigold exclaimed, extending a huge thumbs up. "It was awesome kicking butt for four weeks!"

Paimon simply shrugged. "I don't think I grew much stronger, but I was admittedly a bit rusty at the start. I'm a lot more adept at using my powers again."

Fiona's smile brightened. "Well great! I'm glad to hear the training helped you guys a lot. But that was only the first half of your training. After you leave this workshop, you'll be finishing up the second half next. For now though, I think it's time to show you what I've been working on."

Fiona straightened her posture, then stepped to the side to reveal a steel box with ten shiny circular gadgets inside, each of them roughly the size of Timothy's palm.

"These are T-REX's." Fiona explained. "A core set of armor used during Stormbringer and other major human military campaigns. We had a bunch of them in storage, but they hadn't been used in a hundred years, so their internal circuits had degraded. I used my power to disassemble and rebuild them. Now they're better than ever! I made ten of them, which means there's two for each of you."

Fiona picked up the box and walked over, allowing Timothy and the rest to grab two T-REX's each. It turned out Fiona had labeled all the devices with people's names so everyone would get two sets of armor suited for their constitutions.

"To be honest," Fiona said, "If I hadn't gained Player powers, I couldn't have made these. The energy crisis in Chrona is worsening by the month. Our molecular assemblers don't have nearly enough power to produce anything, so I had to rely on disassembling and reassembling parts from my inventory to make these. Rest assured though, these are the strongest T-REX's I've ever forged!"

Rebecca walked over and lightly rested an arm on Fiona's shoulder. "I helped."

"Yes, yes you did!" Fiona laughed.

Timothy took a look at his two T-REX's. He'd heard of them before, but he'd never seen one in person. Surprisingly, the two T-REX's were different from one another.

...

**Transforming Replicant Exosuit - Rhino Edition (v3.2) [Item] [Rare] [Torso Armor] [Tech]**

_A powerful set of nanite-based armor capable of dramatically enhancing the attack and defense of its wielder. This armor was originally invented by Jason Hiro, but was greatly improved by Phoebe Hiro preceding and following the events of the Stormbringer War. It has recently been improved further by the efforts of Fiona Hiro._

_This armor grants a high damage reduction bonus to the Player wearing it. It includes a full suite of sensors, communication packages for enabling battlefield chatter with other allied T-REX-wearing Players, and countless miscellaneous systems designed to offer the Player a relatively comfortable wearing experience._

_Vacuum-Sealed: This suit has been improved with magical defenses and air filtration systems. It provides immunity to asphyxiation, poisonous gasses, and other external dangers. This effect can be nullified if the suit sustains damage that compromises its outer shell._

_Rhino Variant: This heavily armored variant of the T-REX series offers superior defensive protection at the cost of speed and mobility. Never the less, if the Player is able to build up speed, they will execute a [Battle Charge] that can stun or kill any enemies they ram into._

**Transforming Replicant Exosuit - Spectre Edition (v3.2) [Item] [Rare] [Torso Armor] [Tech]**

_A powerful set of nanite-based armor capable of dramatically enhancing the attack and defense of its wielder. This armor was originally invented by Jason Hiro, but was greatly improved by Phoebe Hiro preceding and following the events of the Stormbringer War. It has recently been improved further by the efforts of Fiona Hiro._

_This armor grants a high damage reduction bonus to the Player wearing it. It includes a full suite of sensors, communication packages for enabling battlefield chatter with other allied T-REX-wearing Players, and countless miscellaneous systems designed to offer the Player a relatively comfortable wearing experience._

_Vacuum-Sealed: This suit has been improved with magical defenses and air filtration systems. It provides immunity to asphyxiation, poisonous gasses, and other external dangers. This effect can be nullified if the suit sustains damage that compromises its outer shell._

_Spectre Variant: This stealth and offense-focused armor allows the player to sneak behind enemy lines to execute dangerous foes before they can retaliate, or to scout out enemy positions to prepare an assault. It is also equipped with AI-controlled nano-tendrils that can impale enemies at close range or allow the Player to scale sheer walls._

...

Timothy nodded as he read the descriptions for his two T-REX's. The Spectre's tendrils reminded him of the Octopus Form, what with its 'tendrils' that were a lot like the octopus tentacles.

Curious, Timothy donned the Spectre armor. He activated his exosuit while the others activated theirs. Within seconds, a full set of armor had engulfed Timothy from head to toe. The Spectre Exosuit was fantastic, but he quickly realized it was largely incompatible with armor worn elsewhere on his body. 

Timothy tried putting on other pieces of armor, but he found that their defensive stats would either overwrite or be overwritten by the T-REX. All their special effects would have the same problem as well. The one exception were small trinkets that could be worn underneath the suit, such as his Earring Radar used to detect movement around him. But, compared to the T-REX's ability to scan for hostiles, the radar wasn't too useful anyway.

Timothy switched to the Rhino suit afterward, and was shocked by how much armor was somehow able to be stored inside a device that fit inside his palm. After donning the exosuit, he rose nearly two feet in height, with insanely bulky armor that would allow him to even fight an average-strength Demon Duke to a standstill.

"I took into consideration everyone's unique circumstances." Fiona explained some time later, after everyone had tried out their new armor. "I gave Timothy a stealth suit and a heavily armored suit so that he would have flexibility in his engagements. I gave Paimon a Hummer exosuit and a Clinician variant because he'll be your designated leader, given his rich battle experience. Unlike the rest of you, Paimon actually knows how to strategize effectively and he's quick when it comes to thinking on his feet."

Fiona turned to address Paimon directly. "The Hummer suit will allow you to fly in the air and get a good aerial view of the battlefield so you can better relay orders to your teammates. From there, you can use your magic to attack at range, or you can use a rifle I'll be personally training you with. However, if you end up underground or in a situation where taking to the air is inadvisable, you can instead use the Clinician suit. I've enhanced its defenses and given it several different medical kits in case anyone gets hurt."

Paimon smiled. "Thank you, miss Hiro. I'm not too familiar with your human technology,+ but I will do my best to master it before we depart. At the very least, I want to get to a point where I'm not making a fool of myself and tripping over my own feet."

Fiona nodded back, then turned to Raavul and Ferral. "You two already have strong and sturdy bodies. I've decided to give you the same suits: A Thundercat and a Clinician. The Thundercat suit is simply a premier baseline T-REX with enhanced offenses and defenses. You might be durable and tough, but these suits will still enhance your capabilities. As for the Clinician, having more people able to heal serious injures is naturally important."

[I quite enjoyed donning my exosuit.] Ferral said, his tone pleasant. [As Timothy would say, it felt quite 'cool'. Very 'badass'.]

[I won't complain about having extra defensive options, though I don't intend to wear mine often.] Raavul said. [Nevertheless, I thank you for these generous gifts. Once I have reached the 4th or 5th Level of Psionics, these armors will not be of much use, but until then I can feel more at ease with my safety assured.]

"It's better to not need a suit of armor and have it than to need one and not have it." Fiona replied. "If you don't end up using them, that's fine. Just give them to the others."

She turned to the final member of the party.

"Marigold, your situation is a special one. I've decided to give you a Spectre and a Hummer. The reason being that you don't really need offense or defense, but raw utility. If you wear the Hummer, you'll be able to fly, and if you wear the Spectre, you'll be able to sneak around better. Your suits are just designed to shore up your shortcomings. I wouldn't be surprised if they ended up sitting in your inventory doing nothing!"

"Kyargh! Thanks for the cool presents!" Marigold crowed. "I think the Spectre makes me look AWESOME! The black and purple color is a nice touch, and it even covers my tail!"

"Don't forget about the mechanical tendrils on the back." Fiona reminded her. "If you ever end up in a situation where you're surrounded by tough enemies, put on the Spectre. Those tendrils are dangerous and can protect your backside while you rip apart an enemy with your teeth and claws."

"You really know how to speak my language!" Marigold laughed, giving Fiona a thumbs-up. "It feels weird wearing armor, but if my future mother-in-law is gonna put in all this work, I feel obligated to wear it!"

Timothy's face flushed. Hearing Marigold boldly imply marriage was on the horizon was... not something he had expected. He hadn't even given the matter much thought. They'd only been together a couple of months, and he wasn't sure how serious their relationship was.

Fiona cracked a smile when she saw the nervous look on her son's face, but she didn't address Marigold's words directly.

"You've all trained hard. I want you to keep training, but this time I'll have Blinker raise the difficulty several steps while you all wear your new exosuits. If she gives the OK, then in one month, I'll give my approval for you to enter your first Dungeon."

Timothy grinned excitedly. Ferral smiled with his eyes, and Marigold whooped with glee. Paimon shrugged nonchalantly, and Raavul didn't seem emotionally affected one way or the other.

It was a little odd for Fiona to be saying whether or not these people could go into the Dungeon, but as the leader of Chrona, everyone had gotten used to doing things she told them to do. Jason may have been the leader once, but with his death, Fiona, Blinker, and Rebecca had taken up the mantle as Chrona's queens.

Technically, Kar held a lot of sway too, but in terms of political willpower, it was mostly the crocodile faction who listened to his words.

"It's a shame you can't come with us, mom." Timothy said.

"I have too much on my plate, and no time to go out raiding dungeons and whatever other wild antics you guys are going to get into." Fiona said, shaking her head helplessly. "At the very least, I can start looking into my Crafting skill to try and make everyone strong weapons and armor. Timothy, I looked into our reserves and found a decent stockpile of weapons. Why don't you and the rest take a look? I've lined them up over in Row C."

Fiona gestured to a series of shelves that gleamed with the shine of steel. Timothy and the others walked over, where they found all sorts of weapons ranging from knives and sword to guns and blasters. By sweeping the Eye of Yredelemnul over the items, Timothy was able to gather the approximate strength of everything present.

Surprisingly, almost everything was at least Uncommon rarity, and there were even a couple weapons that were ranked as Rare.

"This is an AR-15 from Ancient Earth." Timothy said, hefting one of the bigger, scarier looking black rifles off the shelf. "It might look outdated, but it packs some firepower. Reliable, doesn't jam easily, with enough stopping power to put down enemies on the level of Demon Barons!"

"These Thunder Gauntlets look so cool!!" Marigold screeched. "Wow, they release a burst of thunder when you punch enemies with them! I want this pair!"

Paimon looked at the various weapons on display. "Multiple times, I've run into issues injuring heavily armored enemies. This Rupture Mace looks like it will be ideal for me. A ranged sidearm that burns enemies is a solid backup weapons as well... not too sure how it will work but how hard can pointing and pulling a trigger be?"

Ferral and Raavul made no motion to move toward the weapons. For Raavul, her reasoning was simply that technological weapons were beneath her, and not appropriate for a proper Psion to wield. For Ferral, he was already satisfied with his armor. He preferred to improve his psionic abilities when it came to attacking his foes.

Thus, some time later, Timothy and Marigold had placed several new items into their Inventories, while Paimon, lacking an Inventory, instead wore his weapons on a belt with a large rifle slung over his back. It turned out Fiona had designed it specifically for him, so he couldn't refuse her offer in good conscience. Not using an Inventory seemed a little primitive, but he had a sturdy constitution and could easily handle all his weapons' heft without complaint.

"Alright!" Blinker said, clapping her hands. "One more month of training, and you'll be moving out! Are you excited?!"

"Of course!" Timothy said.

"You know it!" Marigold chuffed.

"Within reason." Paimon said, his voice relaxed.

[I look forward to finally resuming my self-growth.] Paimon said. [Entering a Dungeon will surely prove to be enjoyable.]

[I would rather continue training my students, but I understand this side venture is necessary.] Raavul said, noticeably less enthusiastic than everyone else.

It was clear at a glance that, of the five Players who had obtained the King Network, Raavul was the one least interested in its functionality. She had only agreed to accept its power at Ferral's prompting, but she didn't have much interest in video games, even if they provided her rapid, tangible power growth.

She was a cultivation fanatic! She liked to slowly meditate and grow her strength the 'proper' way. She didn't have much interest in dopamine hits. If Ferral hadn't begged her, she probably would have turned her down.

Even so, she wasn't treating her new powers flippantly. She intended to master them to the fullest extent possible, understanding that they might be the key to resolving Chrona's future time crisis. She simply wasn't about to break out into a happy song and dance over the matter.

"One more month then." Fiona said, her tone stern. "Then... we'll see what you're made of."