Part 383: Hold'em, Fold'em

A week passes while the VLL Hatoraxia continues traveling at Warp 7 to its destination, Volgarius. With the journey half-over, and a week still to go before arrival, most of the people among Jason's group have gotten relatively used to the atmosphere on board the ship.

It's on the seventh day that one of the myriad Volgrim Technopaths walks into the Leisure Hall, where they find the humans sitting at one of the common tables, talking and laughing, all while sitting in a circle and playing with a deck of cards. This particular Technopath happens to be a simple ship technician, though still ranked highly enough to enjoy a prestigious post on a Captain-level vessel like the Hatoraxia.

His six spider-like legs _tink_ against the ground as he pauses in the doorway, glancing at the strange activity the humans are performing. Emperor Serena also sits at the table, although she doesn't join in on their card game, but instead sits off to the side, ambivalent, like a goddess untouched by the mortal realm.

After staring at the humans for a few long moments, the Technopath crewman slowly walks over to another table, one lacking any seats. He transmits a command through his neural interface, and a minute later, a robotic drone flies over to him with a bowl of green goop-like substance.

This substance, known as Bio-Paste, is the only 'food' most Volgrim ever consume. Suitable for sustaining their bodies, it is cheap and filled with enough nutrients for them to live off for several days.

The Technopath lifts the bowl to his lips and begins silently slurping down the paste with the same lack of enthusiasm he has for the past twenty thousand years, since the day he spawned from the Technopath Creation Facilities, where his DNA was repurposed from many living Technopaths to create a suitable worker drone.

Each Volgrim subspecies has its own method of reproduction, methods Jason and his crew have learned about over the past several days through their interactions with Sangin Kordonis and Invocator Miikil.

The Dolgrimites, those who stick to the 'natural order,' reproduce in a manner somewhat similar to many life-forms on the now-destroyed homeworld of Earth, through females that lay eggs fertilized by males. The eggs eventually hatch, and new Dolgrimites walk the mortal plane as a result.

Psions very rarely reproduce. Not only can they live for an extremely long time, but it's also quite rare for them to permanently die, thanks to a unique method none of the humans have uncovered. When new Psions do come into being, it is through 'Energy Osmosis,' wherein multiple Psions gather together and congeal their psionic energies to form a being made of pure cosmic energy. After its form stabilizes, this being takes the form of an adult-looking Psion, one that never has to toddle about, and possesses instincts and knowledge well beyond what any newborn mud-dweller might.

Changelings reproduce asexually. As their species has no gendered males or females, what they instead do is split apart into secondary, child-like Changelings upon reaching a certain age. By splitting off parts of their bodies, the Changelings can grow second versions of themselves, versions which will ultimately split off at an indeterminate point in the future, as well. If necessary, they can even repeat this process later in life, or they can force it to occur earlier.

As for the Ascended, their method of reproduction may not be particularly secretive, yet no matter which of the humans asks, not a single Volgrim answers their queries...

Finally, Technopaths are beings who reproduce through technologically advanced cloning machines. However, these machines do not produce clones of individual Technopaths, but rather, they are massive facilities containing the DNA of billions of Technopaths, and by randomly or predeterminately combining different strings of DNA, they can output new Technopaths of unique biological origins.

As such, this simple Technopath officer holds anywhere from ten to ten thousand different strings of Technopath DNA inside of his body. He is a unique individual, yet his uniqueness comes from those of other, far longer-lived Technopaths before him.

After slurping up every drop of Bio-Paste, the Technopath mechanic sits silently at his table, directing his attention to the humans at the far corner of the Leisure Hall. Samuel, Yamir, and the rest of their comrades laugh uproariously, while a pile of chips sits on the table before them. Jason Hiro does not sit among them, but instead remains back in his quarters, attending to some important matter.

"That was a lucky hand, Samuel!"

"There's no luck to it. I'm just better than you!"

Samuel rakes in a few hundred gambling chips and pulls them to his side of the table. After stacking them up, he deals out the next rounds of cards, sniggering at his 'skill' in the art of gambling.

These soldiers continue playing, oblivious to the gaze on their backs. After a few minutes, the sound of an approaching Technopath, its clear and distinctive metallic feet clanking against the deckplates, draws their attention.

Samuel's eyes flick to the side. He notices a spider-legged Technopath with six metal limbs sticking out of its torso. The Technopath says nothing for a moment, but instead stares intently at the cards in their hands.

Finally, the Volgrim glances at Samuel.

"_Whas ut shut athsu'usx xuia hianant a'a angagung un?_"

A deathly silence follows, as every person at the table turns to look at the Technopath, unsure of what he said.

Realizing his error, the Technopath clears his throat.

"Grr-ahem! Forgive me. I am not yet used to speaking in your human tongue. I have only downloaded the language files a few days ago. I wish to inquire: What is this activity you humans are engaging in?"

"Oh." Samuel says, nodding slowly. "We're currently gambling. Playing some cards. Would you like to join us?"

The Technopath blinks. "Gambling. Playing cards. I am unfamiliar with this terminology. Explain."

Yamir snorts. "We were bored, so we decided to have some fun. We are playing some cards to let off steam. What do you Volgrim do when you have free time?"

The atmosphere at the table turns slightly tense. Given the Technopath's fearsome appearance, the human crew always feel a little tense around any of their alien 'friends.' But especially this awkward and blunt fellow, who speaks his thoughts without restraint.

"Free time. Free." The Technopath states, analyzing Yamir's choice of words. "Meaning you do not need to pay a monetary fee. Do mud-dwellers need to pay a fee to access the field of space and time? I do not understand the terminology."

Yamir casually raises his hand. "It seems we have a misunderstanding. This is the Leisure Hall, right? That means it is a hall for leisure activity. When you are not performing your active duties, what do you do? For us, we play games to pass the time."

"You play games." The Technopath repeats. "What function does this 'games' activity serve? Are you attempting to pursue an objective your commanding officer set out for you?"

One of the humans, a female officer, chuckles. "No, silly. We're just having fun. This isn't work! Work is when you're off repairing some conduit or whatever. This is something we're doing to pass the time. Look, why don't we deal you in, teach you the rules of this game, and maybe you'll even have some fun too?"

The Technopath blinks several times. It takes him a full ten seconds to reply, leaving another awkward silence to linger.

"I must perform my duties in three standard time-units."

"Three hours?" The woman asks. "What are you going to do before then? Stand around in a corner all by yourself? Just play some cards with us, and you'll pick it up quick."

She pauses for half a beat.

"Unless... the Volgrim aren't as _smart_ as us inferior mud-dwellers. I suppose this game might be a little too advanced for you."

The Technopath frowns. "I am a highly intelligent bio-adaptive life form. I am certainly superior to you in the many aspects of gradable intelligence!"

The woman smirks. "We'll see about that. What's your name?"

"My designation is Sangin Pondis." The Technopath says.

"And I'm Ashley." The woman says. "This is our commanding officer, Samuel. And this is Yamir..."

She introduces Pondis to the rest of the crew, and the Technopath mechanic settles in to stand along the side of a table. He lowers his legs so that he is at roughly the same height as the other people, then watches as Samuel deals him a pair of cards.

"This game is called 'Texas Hold'em." Samuel explains. "The rules are simple. You need to beat the hands of everyone else, or bluff them into folding. To do this, you need to make guesses about what their two cards are, versus the three cards shown on the Flop. After the Flop comes the Turn, then the River. One person's crappy Pair might become a Full House or even a Four of a Kind, so you have to watch out."

Ashley pipes up after Samuel. "This game is as much about guesswork as it is having a strong 'poker face'! My poker face sucks, so I'm terrible at bluffing, but even I get lucky sometimes. A lot of people have 'tells' that give away whether they're bluffing or telling the truth. This game follows the principle of Sun Tzu's Art of War; show strength when you are weak, and weakness when you are strong!"

Pondis nods slowly. He accesses a collection of Earth's archival knowledge and rapidly downloads the details of this game known as 'Texas Hold'em,' absorbing the knowledge into his neural cortex.

"What is the objective of this activity?" Pondis asks. "I have accessed the information pertaining to 'Texas Hold'em' but have found no information on its strategic value."

Ashley frowns. "It, uh..."

From across the table, a surprising voice speaks. Emperor Serena, of all the people seated, answers Pondis's question.

"There is no material point in playing this game." Serena says slowly. "Humans engage in this behavior for the sake of achieving dopamine highs. By playing games similar to this, they can also further their bonds while engaging in 'small talk.' This allows them to become closer as friends and comrades."

Yamir chuckles. "Yeah. What the princess said."

Samuel clears his throat. "Let's make this round a practice round for the new guy. No stakes, no wagers. I'll deal the Pre-Flop."

He passes two cards to each of the players, face-down.

"In this game," Samuel explains, "subterfuge is the main strategy. If you're not interested in playing for fun or to pass the time, think of this game like a mental training exercise. It will hone your social acumen, making you more adept at spotting and identifying the expressions of your opponents."

Pondis's eyes flash with insight. "Yes. I understand. It is a tactical training exercise. I must observe the faces of my opponents to better annihilate them!"

Ashley coughs. "Ah, ah, that's a _metaphorical_ 'annihilate,' you know..."

"Of course." Pondis nods.

Samuel flips his cards face-up. "During the game, we don't usually do this, but this is a practice round. As you can see, I have an Ace of Hearts and a Two of Spades. When the Flop gets dealt, my goal is to match my Ace and Deuce with more Aces and Deuces, or to try and make a Straight. Sometimes, I might also luck out and get a flush when four Hearts or Spades show up. But it's also likely one of the other players will have a Heart or a Spade of their own, in which case I need to hope I have a Higher Value than them. Threes beat Twos, and Fours beat Threes. And so on."

"I have already compiled the rules of this training exercise inside my neural cortex." Pondis states. "Let us continue."

"Sure, sure." Samuel says. "Alright, since we're not making any bets, I'll just deal out the Flop."

He places three cards face-up in the center of the table, then smiles. "As you can see, two Aces have shown up. But also, there's a Seven of Hearts. That means I have a Three of a Kind. Mine is also the strongest type of Three in a Kind, since Aces have the highest value. But my supporting card is terrible, since it's a Deuce. If the next card on the Turn or the River is an Ace or a Deuce, I'll be in a good position."

Pondis nods. "Affirmative. Your loss will occur if someone else here possesses an Ace of their own, and even if you deal out a Two, you can still lose if they have a higher value supporting card, such as a Seven."

"That's right." Samuel says, smiling. "You're a quick learner."

"Affirmative." Pondis repeats. "Mud-dweller Ashley has already won this round. She has an Ace of Clubs and a Seven of Clubs face-down in front of her."

Ashley's expression turns ashen. "W-what? How could you know that?"

Yamir snorts. "You must be easier to read than we thought. Even a Volgrim can see right through you."

Pondis shakes his head. "Incorrect. I accessed the Hatoraxia's internal scanners to uncover the hidden values on the cards at this table. I have also determined the order of the cards yet to be dealt in this round. In terms of tactical understanding, my knowledge exceeds all the others at this table. This is proof that the Volgrim are superior to mere mud-dwellers."

The entire table goes silent.

Ashley, Yamir, and Samuel all gaze at Pondis with looks of embarrassment, shock, and incredulity.

"Um... Pondis..." Yamir says, scratching his head bashfully. "Since this is only a practice round, I... I won't say anything crude... but using the ship's scanners is sort of... _cheating._"

Samuel coughs. "It's good that we did a practice round first."

"I knew I wasn't that easy to read! Sheesh!" Ashley pouts.

Pondis cocks his head. "Did I speak in error? I used my superior advantage in information warfare to exploit your weakness. Why do you all act as if I have broken the rules of the game?"

"It's not your fault." Yamir says. "In games like this, 'cheating' is considered bad form. You must use your own personal ability to discern the cards of other players, not external means, like the ship's scanners. You also probably shouldn't cheat with your Technopath implants, or whatever else."

Serena smiles faintly. "Think of this as a training exercise taken under limited constraints, Pondis. You must defeat these inferior mud-dwellers without using your superior technology. If you have to resort to higher technology the mud-dwellers don't even possess, can you truly state that you are a superior life-form?"

"You are also an inferior mud-dweller." Pondis says, directing his words at Serena.

Serena's sightless eyes look right past him. She imperceptibly frowns.

"Perhaps. But at least I am not _rude._"

The game continues. Serena continues to sit on the sidelines, while Pondis gradually acclimates to the limits placed upon him. Surprisingly, as ten and twenty rounds pass, he doesn't cheat again. He still makes several blunt statements that directly or indirectly insult the inferior mud-dwellers, but the humans pay his insults no mind, treating them as they would light ribbings directed at them by their fellow humans.

Two hours later, the humans and Yamir all stretch and pop their backs.

"Well. This has been an interesting experience." Samuel says. "Thanks for joining us, Pondis. I don't know if I had fun, but I did have a good time."

Pondis blinks. "Is the tactical exercise complete? It does not seem that we reached any suitable end-goal. Nobody has acquired all of the credit-chips on the table."

Yamir waves his hand casually. "There is no need for that. At the start of every game, we just give everyone an equal amount of chips anyway. The chips only exist for bragging rights. And since Samuel won the most chips in today's games, he has earned those bragging rights."

"What are 'bragging rights'?" Pondis inquires.

"They are, essentially, an invisible social trophy one can accrue through their actions in games like these." Serena says. "If you wish to acquire social points of a similar nature, you should strive to win the next time this group gathers."

"I contemplate, and I comprehend." Pondis replies. "I am ignorant regarding the values of mud-dweller culture. Do you intend to engage in additional tactical exercises such as this in the future?"

Ashley smiles. She grabs the deck of cards off the table and holds them toward Pondis. "That's right! And hey, why don't you try getting your fellow Volgrim to play this game, hmm? You might have fun, and you might even deepen your bonds!"

Pondis stares at the cards for a moment. He reaches out his five-tentacled limb to grasp the deck.

"I contemplate, and I comprehend." He repeats. "I shall attempt to educate my crew-members on the nature of this exercise."

After Sangin Pondis leaves, the humans return to their quarters, as do Yamir and Serena.

Upon reaching his quarters, Samuel finds Jason, who sits with his eyes closed, seemingly meditating on his bunk. The two men, as the highest ranked on the expedition, share a room.

"Samuel?" Jason says, opening his eyes. "You were gone a while. Guess your game ran longer than expected?"

"We had a new player jump in." Samuel explains. "One of the Volgrim."

"Oh. That's cool." Jason says, not too interested. "I didn't take them for the types to play card games."

"He wasn't. We had to frame it as a 'tactical exercise.'" Samuel says with a smirk. "But in the end, everything worked out. We taught him how to play, and everyone had a good time."

Jason nods, but clearly, his attention is elsewhere. "Right, right."

"Something on your mind?" Samuel asks, while sitting on his bed.

"The Lazarus Tower will soon activate." Jason says. "I just communicated with Phoebe back on Tarus II. The day we arrive on Volgarius, she'll likely start bringing back the fallen. The Power Gloves are ready, so tomorrow she'll do a big ceremony and start handing them out to the soldiers."

Jason pauses, and a wicked smile stretches across his face.

"Say, Samuel! I had Phoebe teleport a few Power Glove prototypes to me. Didn't you already get checked for compatibility?"

Samuel's heart chills. "Uhh..."

"Ah, that's right!" Jason exclaims, as if having 'remembered.' "You're compatible with fairy magic! That's so adorable. Here, let me give you a Power Glove so you can test it out right now!"

Jason giddily procures a Power Glove out of thin air, summoning it from the storage within his Mind Realm. As soon as it appears, Samuel's expression turns livid.

"Oh, fuck off! I'm not going to turn into some god-damned prancing little fairy!"

"But Samuel!" Jason protests, puffing out his lower lip. "You'd look so _cute_ with those little butterfly wings."

"I'm about to butter-beat your ass, whether you're the Wordsmith or not!" Samuel shouts, flipping over on his bed to face the wall. "Now fuck off and let me sleep."

"Alright, alright, no need to be a little princess about it." Jason says, forcibly controlling his snickering. "I'll leave it on your desk. There's a bunch of modes pre-programmed, so when you're ready, we'll try all the different transformations tomorrow."

"Can't wait." Samuel growls, before ultimately falling silent.

Jason laughs quietly to himself, before eventually going back into a daze. He immerses himself in his Mind Realm, where Fiona, Raphael, Shana, Lorent, and the Phoenix all hang out.

As the Wordsmith converses with the denizens of his Mind Realm, neither he nor any of the people he brought along have any idea of the weapon they've unwittingly unleashed. Over the next several years, a storm will sweep across Volgrimkind, a whole new concept known as 'Texas Hold'em,' its conception borne upon the Hatoraxia, during a seemingly random and innocuous meeting between one Technopath and his temporary human guests.

Few could ever conceive of the changes this would bring about in Volgrim society.