Part 541: The Archdemon's Offer

Diablo levitates downward, ultimately placing his feet squarely in the center of the table. He stands atop his vantage position and smiles coyly at all of the humans, monsters, and demons gathered together. Not one person looks at him with any emotion more positive than fear, anger, and a sense of unwillingness to accept defeat.

"Cheer up." Diablo says while folding his hands together behind his back. "Today is a good day for humanity. It's not all sunshine and rainbows, but neither is it doom and gloom. You will accept some necessary compromises, but in exchange you will obtain great benefits."

"I find that statement hard to believe." Beelzebub says while smirking at the Emperor of Annihilation. "You don't seem the sort of guy to give any non-demon a benefit at all. You used to, but you sure don't seem that way anymore."

Diablo glances at Beelzebub for only a moment, shrugs, then returns his attention to the others at the table.

"Much has changed in recent times." Diablo says. "After the last time I transformed into the Archdemon, I fell into a deep coma for one full year. While I was asleep, the First Emperor revived me and set me on a new mission. Through the First Emperor's training, I came to master the Archdemon's form, and now I stand atop the apex of power in the Milky Way."

He pauses for a moment. His expression changes from appearing highly confident to slightly pensive.

"But the Milky Way's ceiling of power is not what it used to be, and it is nothing compared to the galaxies which surround us. The universe is vast, far bigger than any of you can imagine. The Plague is currently compromised of footsoldiers converted from our galaxy's citizens. But what if powerhouses began to appear from wherever the Plague originated? With the armies they have accrued, they could easily step up and do battle with Cosmic Elites such as myself and Founder Dosena while also trampling over the mortal armies you consider your saving grace."

Diablo turns to look at the First Wordsmith.

"I will be blunt, Jason Hiro. A series of coincidences has occurred that has allowed me to change up the strategy I originally intended to employ. It will grant everyone here the chance to flip the board and shake up the rules we've been playing by for so long."

Jason leans forward and rests his elbows on the table. "And those rules would be?"

"Humans and demons need no longer be enemies." Diablo says, his words sounding insincere to those biased against him, yet sincere to those who aren't. "You have shown everyone that the old rivalries and blood feuds can be set aside. We can continue to work together in this new era while advancing our causes and strengthening our domains. United, we can stand up to and ultimately crush the Plague, take back our Galaxy, and prepare ourselves for the true battle which shall begin within the next one million years."

This time, Neil Adams is the one to speak. "I'm sorry, one million years? You're talking about a far future event that almost nobody here may even be around to see!"

Diablo turns to look at the commander of humanity's military. "The Wordsmith has already created devices capable of extending the lives of his fellow humans, strengthening their bodies, and empowering my fellow demons without following the vile practice of soul manipulation. I believe the majority of you will have a real shot at not only surviving the next million years, but thriving in those conditions. If we were to work together-"

"That is a big _if._" Neil interrupts, glaring at Diablo.

"-if we were," Diablo continues, "we could set aside the ancient hatreds that have divided us to focus on the true dangers which lurk out in the Void, past the distant reaches of the Unknown. The Akashic Barriers are weakening and will someday collapse entirely. But even before then, powerful entities will appear at the edges of the Milky Way to strike its barrier, hoping to break through and infiltrate our civilizations. The Plague is likely one of those such entities, an infectious pathogen designed to quietly take over our galaxy and prepare us for invasion long before our true enemies are capable of launching an all-out assault."

Neil looks at some of the other people in the audience, his expression one of confusion.

It isn't Neil who speaks next, but instead, it is Hans Wagner, Neil's chief scientist and foremost authority on physics, mechanical technology, and other such futuristic horizons.

"Pardon me, Diablo, but I am unable to understand zee words you are saying. What is zee Akashic Barrier? Who are zee enemies you speak of?"

"Forgive me." Diablo says, his words faintly apologetic. "It seems not everyone here is fully up to date on the Truths of our universe. Perhaps it would be best if I.. gave you all a quick explanation."

Jason tenses up. Among those present, only he, Phoebe, and a few others know of the fearsome powers that have been building up in other galaxies, but at the table, he and Diablo alone know even more Truths than everyone else combined. Jason has spied on several high-level meetings recently, and he knows vaguely of the Cosmic powerhouses that must surely be amassing in other galaxies in preparation for Akasha's Game.

"The Milky Way is filled with sentient life." Diablo begins to explain. "But life is not rare in our universe. In fact, every single other galaxy we are capable of observing holds abundant reserves of life. Ours is not unique in this aspect. Not only do other galaxies have creatures just as formidable and mighty as my Demon Emperors, but plenty that are as strong as the Volgrim Second Founder, and even beyond her."

He continues. "There is a grand... 'game' at play. Knowledge of this Game is not something any of you need to understand, but simply put, there are barriers surrounding every galaxy in the universe. At a pre-destined time, those barrier will begin gradually weakening until they ultimately vanish. None can pass through the barriers via mundane means. However, at a certain point, the barriers will become weak enough that should a formidable entity pay a high price, they can create a 'hole' for mortals to pass through. Only mortals, though. Cosmic entities are strictly disallowed from directly interfering with these mortal-level matters."

Many of the people seated at the table look at one another in confusion. Belial scratches her head as she tries to make sense of Diablo's explanation.

"So... this... 'Game'... you speak of." Belial says slowly. "There's someone controlling it? Or everyone has agreed to it? But then who created the barriers around all the galaxies? Doesn't this seem strange to everyone else?"

"There must be an authority controlling everything in existence from the peak of the highest mountain." Neil says decisively, his eyes flashing as he pieces together his knowledge of the galactic situation with some things Hope has told him as well as some broad inferences he can make through Diablo's words. "If Diablo and Dosena are equals, but if there are also 'Cosmics' who are stronger than them, then that implies there are Cosmics at a higher level than those, and a higher level than those, and so on and so forth until..."

He glances around the table.

"...until we find whoever is the Highest of the High. The Mightiest in all Existence. _The Creator._"

The table collectively goes quiet as many people from all the species blink in surprise, hearing Neil explain the situation so easily. They realize that if he is right, then all of them are merely mortals playing the roles of pieces on a board controlled by unfathomably powerful gods.

"Not the Creator." Diablo says simply. "The Creator you speak of was merely a... Ruler. And there are many Rulers in this universe. Each controls one or more galaxies. But no galaxy may have more than one Ruler. These are the rules of the Game."

"Rulers..." Neil says, massaging his chin. "What I said still stands. If there are Rulers, they cannot all be equal. There must be a hierarchy among them. And one of those Rulers must possess the highest authority. They are the one controlling this grand-"

Neil suddenly pauses. He looks off to the side and furrows his brows, his eyes becoming distant as he suddenly remembers something.

"That term. That... name. I've heard it before. You said the Milky Way is protected by a barrier; the Akashic Barrier. But I have also heard of the Akashic Rules in passing recently. For two words to contain the same specific prefix, it could easily cause one's mind to wander..."

Diablo raises an eyebrow, looking at the lowly human with a '_not bad_' expression. "You're quite perceptive, Neil Adams. But I would advise you not to bother making too many extrapolations based on your limited perspective. You are merely the leader of a mortal-level army. You are unqualified to let your mind dwell on the extra-galactic situation."

Neil blinks his eyes a few times, returning to the discussion at hand. "...Right. Let's get back into it, then."

Diablo nods. "Cosmics, such as myself, become more and more shackled the mightier we become. To mortals, we may seem to possess infinite power, but in truth we become too powerful for the universe to reasonably contain. The Akashic Laws thus snare us, preventing us from taking actions deemed to be... _too extreme_. That is where today's discussion comes into play."

Neil listens intently, saying nothing as he continues to make further inferences based upon Diablo's words. The more the Archdemon speaks, the more clues Neil pieces together. Among those at the table, none have as excellent an ability to understand high-level logic as Neil, aside from potentially Phoebe Hiro. Of course, Phoebe is more adept at thinking like an inventor and an engineer than a political strategist, but she is still by far the most overall intelligent person seated at the table.

"Humanity, demonkind, and the Volgrim need to unite if we hope to stamp out this threat and banish the invaders to the galaxy from whence they came." Diablo declares. "My people need not consume human souls to empower themselves. In fact, doing so will only harm their long-term prospects. When I was an Emperor, I was blind and ignorant, the same as all my fellow Emperors. But now that I have touched upon the horizon of the highest peaks of power, I see the failures of demonkind and angelkind alike. Soul manipulation caused us to stunt our growth, placing a ceiling on the heights we could achieve."

He pauses.

"As for what this means for you humans, you need only be assured that I will not allow my people to wantonly cause harm to yours. The era of civil war is over. The age of unity has arrived."

Neil's eyes flicker. "A bold claim for someone who demanded mere hours ago that we vacate the Core or else we would not live to see the next sunrise."

Diablo frowns.

"You dense little man. That was merely a means to fire up the emotions of my underlings. They are not here now, so I no longer require such theatrics. I still expect you to vacate the Core, but you may do so in a calm and orderly manner. However, the sooner you leave, the better."

"Why do you need the Core so badly?" Phoebe interjects.

"Why wouldn't I? The Labyrinth belongs to demonkind. The Labyrinth Core is a nexus which connects to thousands of Warpgates around the Milky Way. Controlling ten gates is surely better than only one or two. In the coming days, weeks, and months, I will be launching multiple massive offensives to wipe out the Plague's presence on numerous worlds. I cannot have Yardrat opening all those portals; he hasn't the stamina for it. Warpgates will make my assaults much faster and more convenient."

"We give up the Core in exchange for _what_?" Jason asks. "So far I'm hearing a lot of good deals for you and nothing for us."

Beelzebub snorts. "Isn't getting to live good enough for you, Wordsmith?"

"Now now, Beelzebub, there's no need to be so rude." Diablo gently chides. "The Wordsmith is right. I am not seeking to subjugate humanity. I am seeking a partnership. We must help one another if we aim to become close allies."

Diablo holds up his hand. A spiritual projection of the Milky Way appears above his astral palm, slowly spiraling around in a manner most mystical and fascinating to all who gaze upon it.

"There are billions of star systems in the Milky Way." Diablo begins to explain. "Of course, only a small fraction are capable of bearing life, and an even smaller fraction can be classified as paradise-class worlds, but even so, the number of life-bearing worlds exceeds one million, and the paradise worlds exceed one thousand. There are more than enough celestial orbs available for all three Apex Species to enjoy our portions."

Jason raises an eyebrow. "Apex Species? Funny. The Volgrim don't seem to think the demons belong in that category."

"And how would you know that?" Diablo suddenly asks, turning around and metaphorically stabbing the Wordsmith with his gaze. "Been doing a little spying lately, have you?"

The Wordsmith says nothing, opting instead to silently smirk.

Diablo pauses momentarily before turning away to regain his focus on the previous topic.

"What the Volgrim believe is irrelevant. My people _are_ an Apex Species. We have merely been... hampered. The biggest issue being our cultural acceptance and perpetuation of soul manipulation. Now that I am making changes to the structure of our society, that will no longer be an issue moving forward. As for the other details, they won't matter to you. All that matters is your new role in the galactic story that is about to unfold."

Diablo expands the floating apparition of the Milky Way, causing its stars to spread out and fill the room with tens of millions of tiny dots of light. Unlike a mere projection, each of these specks of radiance possess a genuine aura of warmth, making the mortals present realize that Diablo is actually conjuring a cosmic phantasm of the Milky Way in real time!

How powerful must a Cosmic be to be able to touch upon every single star in a galaxy with his Cosmic Sense?! Not even Jason can fathom the level Diablo must have achieved!

"Here is my offer to you." Diablo finally says, getting to the point of his coming here. "Vacate the Core, but prepare to join my Emperors and Dukes in fighting on the front-lines. In a short while, our combined armies will rain down beams of magical energy, bullets, and missiles upon the Plagueborn controlling the worlds I target. We will eradicate our Enemy, plant a Demon Emperor's soul upon that system, and permanently seize control of it for the good of all Sentients. In exchange, humanity will obtain worlds of their own, worlds they can call home as you spread your reach across the cosmos."

Neil's expression turns ugly. "That's it? That's your offer? You boot us from the Core, then demand we fight alongside you? All you're doing is making us suffer losses while you turn even more Emperors into Cosmics!"

"The losses you suffer... will not be as severe as you might first imagine." Diablo says slowly, his tone softening as he begins to hint toward something secretive. "Tell me, Wordsmith. What makes a Hero?"

"Huh?" Jason asks. "I... don't know what you mean."

"Surely, you have heard of the two different types of Heroes." Diablo says lazily. "Or... perhaps old man Solomon never told you?"

Unlike Hope, Jason has never heard of the two types of Heroes. He looks at Diablo with an expression of disbelief.

"Two types? Like, mage and warrior?"

"No." Diablo says simply. "There are Trueborn Heroes, and Lowborn Heroes. Trueborn are Heroes like yourself. Only one will exist every generation. They are empowered by the Heroic Aura, and therefore grow to reach awe-inspiring heights. But as for Lowborn Heroes... well, perhaps it is not strictly accurate to even refer to them as 'Heroes'. Let us simply say the Lowborn come in a wide variety of flavors, and many are quite bland and uninteresting."

Jason leans forward, intrigued by what Diablo is saying.

"You're telling me there are Heroes who weren't empowered by the Heroic Aura?"

"Oh, yes." Diablo says smugly, glancing around at the others to see them listening with rapt attention. "Many more than you would imagine. They vastly outnumbered the Trueborn, perhaps even by a factor of ten to one. But again, it is not strictly fair to call a Lowborn a 'Hero' in the first place. In fact, I daresay the term 'Hero' is a bit of a joke."

Diablo folds his hands together loosely in front of his stomach.

"In this Cosmic's humble opinion, Heroes are better described as Spiritually Empowered Humans. Like demons, Heroes are humans who have come to wield the power of spirituality which the angels sealed away. You do know of this, don't you?"

"...I do." Jason says quietly. "But how do you?"

"Why wouldn't I?" Diablo asks while flippantly waving his hand. "Don't forget that I have been around a little while longer than you, to say the least. But really, it was the First Emperor who enlightened me. Their knowledge of certain secrets is truly frightening. They helped me to uncover Truths I'd never have guessed on my own. But I digress..."

Diablo clears his throat, then continues.

"I'll make my offer simple. If humanity fights alongside my people, I will help you research methods that can empower your species by repairing that 'flaw' the Angels placed upon your bodies. In time, you can train up new Heroes, albeit Lowborn ones, and they will help us conquer new worlds faster and faster. You cannot fathom how much more powerful even a moderate human will become when you factor in the technological edge your species holds. Faster reaction times, better eyesight, stronger muscles, a more durable body, and plenty of magical abilities to boot..."

Jason doesn't immediately jump at the opportunity, which surprises Diablo.

Instead, the Wordsmith looks across the table at his rival of sorts, Neil Adams.

"Neil...?" Jason asks slowly. "Do you have any thoughts on this... generous offer?"

Humanity's military leader snorts nasally in contempt. "We don't need your handouts, Diablo. We are already looking into ways to empower our people with new abilities. In fact, one of my best soldiers recently become a master of fairy magic! Another one became capable of turning into an orc, and still others have had other successes. We're doing just fine on our own."

"I am also... experimenting." Jason says neutrally, not going into any further detail on his tests on the Felorians. "Your offer doesn't interest us."

For a brief moment, Diablo falls completely silent. He looks at Jason, then he looks at Neil. His expression becomes inscrutable, leaving both men guessing as to his inner thoughts.

"So it's like that..." Diablo says. "I... don't think you people understand the position you're in. No doubt, you could suck up all of humanity and retreat to some hidden pocket dimension, but is that truly a way you would want to live? If you do not agree to my generous offer... don't you think the consequences you would suffer might prove quite undesirable?"

Neil sneers. "And there it is! The great Archdemon is going to threaten us after his pittances failed to leave us wanting more."

"Threaten you? Oh no, not at all." Diablo says coldly. "You _still_ don't understand your current situation. I don't need to attack you to leave you in a terrible position. I need only _not protect you._ Or have you forgotten about the Plague? My worlds, the worlds controlled by demonkind, will be _quite_ safe with me and my Cosmics guarding them. But if you decide to refuse my offer... well, who can say how long it will take before Tarus II falls, or Maiura, or those other worlds you value so highly..."

Jason's heart skips a beat.

Internally, he realizes with a faint tinge of horror that Diablo is right. If Jason refuses, then he has no recourse if the Plague were to come to any of humanity's worlds. While Jason has been trying to come up with a counter to the Plague, he hasn't been the slightest bit successful, and neither have the Volgrim. Only the demons have, which puts him at a huge disadvantage during this round of bargaining!

Naturally, he could pull humanity back to the Cube, or to Chrona, but the benefits of living on a genuine planet cannot be overstated. Anyone would rather live on a paradise-class world if they had the choice!

_Maybe I should make more worlds in alternate dimensions._ Jason thinks. _Relying on Diablo isn't a good idea at all, nor a viable long-term strategy! Humanity would be safe if I simply constructed a new Earth with my abilities and hid it somewhere the Plague couldn't reach..._

Just as that thought comes to Jason's mind, Diablo sneers.

"Want to see a magic trick, Wordsmith? I can guess what you're thinking. You're planning on taking humanity away to a secret dimension where the Plague can't reach you. But is that a truly safe bet? What if the Plague has a way to penetrate dimensional barriers and seek out the 'odor' of life? Haven't you wondered how bizarre it is that the Plague managed to infiltrate Raphael's Fake Cosmic Realm? If they can pass through one dimensional boundary, then it stands to reason they can pass through others. Perhaps concentrating so many humans in one area will only draw them toward you like a moth to the flame..."

Jason's expression morphs into a barely-veiled look of dismay. "That..."

"There's no point in lying." Diablo says. "So abandon that childish idea of yours. You need me more than I need you. I have leverage and you don't. I suggest you take the deal and enjoy the warmth of falling under my... _protection._ In exchange for a few lives of a few measly mortal soldiers, the rest of humanity can live underneath the protective umbrella of my Cosmics, all while empowering yourselves as you unravel the mysterious seals that dastardly Archangel Raphael placed upon you."

Diablo looks around the table.

"Mmm. Shame the old codger didn't come here in person. It's always such a treat picking at his wrinkly brain..."

Jason and Neil both look at one another, their eyes telling a story of defeat. Neither of them wants to accept this 'generous offer.' Jason immediately realizes it's not so different from a mafia extortion racket. The demons will obtain the lion's share of the benefits, while humanity will only get the crumbs.

"Well...?" Diablo asks again, this time more insistent. 

"...What will it be?"