Part 435: Serris's Fate

No longer does Vulpanix hold back. While before she tried to preserve her strength so that she might capture the Wordsmith alive, even if badly injured, now she knows the body before her is nothing more than a false image. What also becomes abundantly clear as she initiates the second phase of their fight is the utter pointlessness of the battle!

_All I'm doing is wasting time here!_ Vulpanix silently screams in her head. _Even if I kill this false body, the Wordsmith will only make another! Where is he hiding?!_

Vulpanix rushes toward the fake Hope, but he disappears and reappears five hundred feet in the distance, making her attack _whiff_ harmlessly. At the same time, an invisible force of energy smashes into Vulpanix's stomach, throwing her into the air and momentarily disorienting her. Her five other selves try to surround Hope, but he keeps teleporting around, and what Vulpanix finds even more distressing is...

He isn't even Wordsmithing!

Indeed, Hope begins 'casting' magic without using his mouth, making her realize just how much he played her for a fool in the first phase of the fight.

_When the Wordsmith first attacked, he suddenly accelerated toward me with such force he blew apart my Temporal Copy. I didn't realize it at the time, but the little mud-bastard didn't even utter a Word of Power! There were several other times he used magic without Wordsmithing too. This isn't just a clone... it's a remote drone! He must have made some sort of fake body and now he's manipulating it from afar to distract me! And if that is the case, what is his goal?_

Hope suddenly 'splits apart,' transforming into twelve copies of himself. This abrupt shift catches Vulpanix completely off-guard as all of them split up and race in different directions, rushing toward each of her own Temporal Copies in pairs to defeat her with numerical superiority!

[Wretch!] Vulpanix roars. [I fought the Cherubiim! I do not fear you, Wordsmith!]

Her other-selves lash out at the different Hopes nearby, with some of them relying on Primal Psionics, while two actually fire off lightning bolts through their Energy Manipulation. To Vulpanix's shock, these attacks pass through Hope's clones harmlessly, making her widen her eyes.

_They're not clones! They're only illusions! WAIT! Where did Arthur go? AHH!_

Vulpanix internally curses as the two Hopes rushing her alone turn out to be his genuine clone-body and his Arthur construct, but hidden within an illusion of the Second Wordsmith's figure. She tries to pull back, but they catch her in a pincer attack, forcing her to go on the defensive and parry with the genuine Excalibur while they strike at her from two tricky angles.

**Clang! Clang! Clang!**

Vulpanix defends herself sloppily, but she still prevents Hope from landing a killing blow. He manages to hold her up for a split second while Arthur rushes in and impales her heart, but the Confessor teleports away and lands in the middle of her other selves, who assume a defensive formation.

Despite the 'grievous' blow dealt to her vital organ, Vulpanix barely shows any signs of injuries. As a 7th Level Psion, she has certainly put some effort into her Body Enhancement Psionics, and it shows. She quickly takes control of her individual cells and repairs them, healing her heart back to a point where it was practically never injured.

Still, she does feel a slight sting when she moves her arm around. [Very sneaky, Wordsmith. Hiding Arthur amidst those illusions. You nearly beat me.]

"It's only a matter of time." Hope retorts. "Now tell me the truth. That... that skin-suit you're wearing! Is that made from humans? They look like they're still alive!"

[They were humans once, yes.] Vulpanix says, chuckling quietly. [Now they have been... _stitched-together_... to make a tool useful for the Volgrim Empire. Of course, we couldn't use vat-clones for Cleansed Mud. No, we needed humans who were spiritually active.]

"Spiritually active..." Hope repeats, his eyes turning vicious. "You mean..."

[Did you know?] Vulpanix asks rhetorically. [Humans become less spiritually flexible as they age. The less mature a mud-dweller is, the more easily we can mold their spirits to fit our needs. Yes, the younger, the better, indeed...]

Hope's heart skips a beat. A look of horror spreads across his face.

"Those are CHILDREN?! You absolute MONSTER! How could you... how could you turn little kids into something so horrifying?!"

Vulpanix shrugs. [What difference does it make? Five cycles or one hundred, you mud-dwellers all die before my people even complete our maturation phases. You are like _dogs_ to us. Yes, stupid, worthless mutts from planet Earth. If we can at least turn you into useful tools, it will be the greatest honor of your lives!]

Hope squeezes his fingers around fake-Excalibur's hilt. He tightens his grip so much it feels like he might break his bones.

He doesn't notice the pain.

"They... were just... CHILDRENNN!"

The Wordsmith and Arthur once again rush toward Vulpanix's real body, but with his emotions running high, he merely ends up madly swinging and lashing out at every nearby Vulpanix copy like a rabid wolf.

"I'LL RIP YOU APART, VULPANIX! YOU AND YOUR VOLGRIM EMPIRE BOTH!!"

He chops at Vulpanix rapidly, trying to close the gap and cut her down, but with his emotions thrown off-balance, Vulpanix quickly regains her cool, along with her control of the battle's tempo.

Before long, Hope makes a fatal error. He chops at one of Vulpanix's clones, only for that fifth-self to suddenly rush toward him and allow the weapon to cut into her body. Momentarily caught off-guard by his opponent's suicidal action, Hope doesn't get a chance to resist when the main-body Vulpanix materializes behind him and impales the genuine Excalibur into his heart.

"Aaargh!"

Hope releases one quick scream of pain before Excalibur floods his body with divine energy, swelling him up and bursting him like a bloody balloon!

A few moments pass, and another Hope steps out of a gap in space. This one appears much calmer than the previous one. He grimaces as the remains of his previous body.

"I let myself get worked up again. You're good at getting under my skin."

Vulpanix doesn't revel in her victory. She even appears annoyed.

[Manipulating a mud-dweller is child's play. Now where is your real body? Show yourself!]

Hope snorts. "There's no point. I already know about your backup plan. While we fought, I've been... taking a look around. You don't think I'd really battle you here for no good reason, do you?"

Vulpanix stiffens. She stares at the Wordsmith as if suddenly realizing something.

[Where is your real body? WHERE IS IT?!]

"Here. And there." Hope answers cryptically. "All over the place. But the fact is, since I'm telling you this... it's already too late."

Vulpanix's mind works quickly. Thanks to her high level Brain Enhancements, she can dissect Hope's words at high speeds, allowing her to draw several conclusions.

[You couldn't have taken any artifacts. The alarms in the Vault haven't-]

"The alarms?" Hope says coolly. "Your faith in technology over magic is your undoing, Volgrim. You've truly underestimated my Wordsmithing this time."

Slowly, casually, Hope holds out his hand. His palm turns face-up.

_Shoop!_

An object materializes in midair, levitating above his grasp.

Vulpanix's heart turns cold.

[The Mind-Thief!]

"That's right," Hope says, as Solomon's Crown vanishes from his grasp. He lowers his arm. "While we fought, I casually raided all of the artifact stores here. I don't even know what artifacts I've recovered yet, since there are so _many_ of them. But I'll figure them out eventually."

He pauses.

"Of course, I didn't only take artifacts. I'm sorry to say this, but your plan for Gaia will have to be... _indefinitely postponed._"

Hope makes an 'OK' sign with his hand, but leaves a small gap between his pointer-finger and thumb. In that area, a faint golden band materializes, making Vulpanix's heart sink even further into despair.

[The Archangel's ring...]

"The Archangel's ring." Hope affirms, smiling at her. He sends the ring back to his main body, then cracks his neck. "But I'm not done yet. I'm about to make you an offer that you can't refuse."

Vulpanix's entire body trembles. She recalls that she sent for two Executors to come here, but at this rate, they will arrive mere minutes too late. Hope has already plundered the whole of their treasury! Their prized Heroic Artifacts are all in his hands now!

The shame she feels makes her wish she could crawl into a hole and die.

[What... offer...] Vulpanix asks, barely able to contain her rage.

"Before I say, why don't you do us both a favor?" Hope asks casually. "Hand me Excalibur. If you do, I'll treat this whole incident like a... what did you call it earlier? A minor diplomatic blunder. I won't hold any hard feelings for your species, and may even seek to work with you on a more _equal_ level. Doesn't that sound nice?"

[Don't toy with me.] Vulpanix hisses. [You may have obtained all the other artifacts, but I will never give you Excalibur. NEVER!]

"Now, now," Hope says slowly, waggling his finger. "Let's not be too hasty. Are you sure you don't want to humor me? It could save you a LOT of embarrassment..."

Vulpanix slowly begins to levitate toward him, carefully drawing closer, as if itching to strike his clone down and spend the rest of her days hunting his shadow.

[You will... PAY... for this treachery...]

Hope doesn't miss the building-up of her hostility. He merely frowns disdainfully at her and drops the pleasantries.

"Fine. Don't say I didn't warn you. I'm about to humiliate your Empire in a way it's never experienced before."

Hope raises his hand. He snaps his fingers, and an illusion of another Volgrim appears beside him. When Vulpanix sees this newcomer, she stops advancing and widens her eyes.

[No... what have you done?!]

"This is Psymin Miralax." Hope says, gesturing to the female Technopath beside him. Her arms are bound tightly behind her back, along with countless magical chains wrapping her body, wholly sealing her movements. "Of course, you're a smart woman, and you have eyes. What may not be as obvious is that Psymin here is not the only Volgrim I've taken prisoner..."

He snaps his fingers again, and many other illusions materialize beside him. Among them are not only Sangin Lidra, Redshift, and Blueshift, but dozens of other senior researchers and important VIPs as well. And even more frighteningly, the Technopaths here are some of the most hard-working and important technical personnel in the whole of the Volgrim Empire.

"Don't think I don't know who is coming." Hope says to Vulpanix curtly, ignoring the shifting expression of fear and hatred on her face. "You sent out a transmission to call two Executors here. When they arrive, I'll surely have a hard time fighting back. But if they do arrive... I'll kill all of these important VIPs. That would be quite a stain on your legacy, wouldn't it? You would be forever known as the Confessor who allowed a mud-dweller to kill off one of the last living Celestial Designers. I suspect you'd suffer a True Death out of sheer self-loathing right on the spot."

His words jolt her heart once again. [You know of our True Death?]

"I know a lot of things." Hope says. "Now, quit stalling. Here is my offer. You give me Excalibur, and I'll release these prisoners. If you refuse, I'll kill them."

[Unacceptable!] Vulpanix exclaims. [You imbecile! You're making an enemy out of the Volgrim Empire! When this is all said and done, do you think you'll have anywhere you can hide?! We can overwhelm the rest of humanity in the blink of an eye! You will condemn them all to oblivion!]

"Those are interesting questions." Hope replies, appearing unconcerned. "Do I think I can hide? Indeed I do. I've learned a lot about the Volgrim. Especially the Psions. For instance, even your lauded Executors can't cross the entire galaxy instantly, or even all that quickly. But me? I can step tens of thousands of lightyears in a single instant. This gives me a huge logistical advantage you can surely understand, once you put a little thought into it."

He continues. "And can you find me? Well, you yourself cannot. Perhaps your Executors can, but I doubt that. I'm more than capable of hiding myself inside a pocket of space in some remote corner of the galaxy. Good luck finding me when I become a needle in a haystack 100,000 lightyears in diameter."

"As for attacking Tarus II..." Hope says, narrowing his eyes. "Indeed. You could show up and kill everyone there. But do you think _I'll_ be there? That's quite the gamble to take, you know. If you screw up, I'll still be alive and ready to ensure your people never know a day of peace. You will all die as the Plague overruns you and I hamper your escape efforts. And furthermore, if I can hide myself in some remote pocket of the galaxy, then doesn't it stand to reason I can do the same for other humans? You really aren't using your head..."

The more Hope talks, the more Vulpanix's rage begins to deflate. Instead of anger, she truly feels outplayed. Outmaneuvered. She secretly regrets showing off the Volgrim Empire's vast wealth, its Celestial Designer, and all the artifacts before securing a pledge to obtain the Wordsmith's assistance.

_The Second Wordsmith is taking everything from us._ She thinks. _The Founders sent me here to secure a valuable ally. Instead, I have completely failed the Empire, and right when our situation is approaching the point of no return! I have to turn this situation around!_

Vulpanix forces herself to calm down. She straightens her posture and lowers Excalibur to her side.

[Very good, Wordsmith. I underestimated you. You hold all the advantages, and I have already suffered a great loss. I truly cannot even retaliate.]

"It's good that you know your situation." Hope says. "So, what do you say? A simple trade. That's my offer. I'll give you back the hostages, and you will give me Excalibur. I'll leave, and that will be the end of our relationship."

Vulpanix's eyes flicker with insight.

[Excalibur is crucial to your plans.] She observes. [The First Wordsmith already possesses an artifact capable of augmenting his mana reserves by a tremendous amount. Excalibur will allow you to equalize that playing field. The other artifacts are merely... secondary gains.]

"Not quite." Hope retorts. "I don't even know what 95% of these artifacts are. Some of them might be incredibly valuable to me. We're talking over a thousand Heroic abilities in total, plus whatever power their relics hold."

He pauses for a moment to cock his head.

"And don't get any ideas. I'm not returning even _one_ solitary artifact. Don't you dare say I'm 'stealing' from you either, as these are all human artifacts taken from humanity's coffers. I'm putting them under my control, where they belong. You've lost a lot here, yes, but these are merely your ill-gotten gains."

"As for Uzziel's ring," Hope says, "She will be reunited with her brothers and sister, where she belongs. If you have a problem with that, you can blow it out your flat, ugly, alien ass. All that remains is this one last trade. I don't want to hear a word of complaint from you."

Vulpanix slowly blinks her eyes. [You cannot take Excalibur by force. You can only use hostages to obtain what you want. That means I do have this one last bargaining chip.]

"Yeah?" Hope asks. "Alright, I'll bite. What is it you want in exchange for Excalibur? If it doesn't cross my bottom line, I'll consider it. No artifacts returned. No Uzziel's ring. Those are off-limits."

Vulpanix's face remains impassive, but her heart flickers in anticipation.

_Chance!_

[Ultimately... the Volgrim Empire can survive without the Archangel's ring or humanity's heroic artifacts.] Vulpanix says carefully. [But if you can perform a service for us... I will trade Excalibur for your hostages. We can still part ways, perhaps not as friends, but as... reticent acquaintances.]

"A favor." Hope repeats. "And what sort of favor might that be?"

[A series of small favors.] Vulpanix quickly corrects. [First. You will construct an entrance leading to the Cosmic Realm. This will benefit humanity and the Volgrim both. The Kolvaxians have taken refuge there. If we cannot battle them on their home turf, we will never be able to stop their spread. They will defeat the Volgrim, then they will come for humanity.]

Hope slowly nods. "Acceptable. Since it benefits both of us, I am willing to compromise there."

[Next,] Vulpanix says, [I want to personally _request_ that you assist the Volgrim in rebuilding the power system for Serris. No doubt, you have uncovered many of our secret projects here. With Excalibur gone, billions will die. Perhaps you may not care about us Volgrim, but callously leaving billions to run out of oxygen and choke to death would make you uncomfortable, yes? With Excalibur's power, you could still provide us with a method to keep Serris functioning.]

[Besides,] Vulpanix adds, a little lamely. [It would go a long way toward mending relations with us.]

"If I have Excalibur and Solomon's Crown... I should be able to perform that feat with ease." Hope blandly remarks. "Fine. I will help you rebuild Serris's power supply."

Vulpanix bows her head. [One last request, and that will be all. We truly wish to obtain Uzziel's magic-]

"She's off-limits." Hope snaps. "Period."

[Yes. Of course.] Vulpanix says, changing her tone to something more 'soothing' than she'd usually use. [I will not request her ring back. But... perhaps you could use your abilities to grant us a device, a technology, or an artifact of similar value? For example, on Tarus II, humanity seems to have developed several useful structures capable of empowering your people...]

She pauses.

[Think of not only how such a device could repair this bond you have haphazardly severed, but the gains you could make from it.]

Hope raises his eyebrows. He appears more than a little interested in her words.

"The gains I could make from empowering the Volgrim? And just _how_ exactly would that work?"

[Have you paid any attention to the 'Belial Booster' on Tarus II?] Vulpanix asks. [Surely you should understand its true purpose. Even the Demon Emperors understand, but they are helpless to resist the First Wordsmith's scheme. By tying demonkind's future evolution to humanity's continued existence, Jason Hiro has ensured that the lower ranks of demonkind will grow to revere him while the upper echelons will fear reprisal from their former subordinates. Additionally, the Emperors can still make small but impactful gains in their own advancement, despite the lower rate of return. This keeps the demons in line.]

"I see..." Hope mutters. "And doing the same for the Volgrim would ensure that if you want to keep benefitting from my... _helpful technology_... you would have to play nicely with me. I'm just confused as to why you would speak so openly of this scheme to me, laying everything bare. Does this admission not embarrass you? Or, perhaps, do you have some ulterior motive?"

[I am 98,000 cycles of age.] Vulpanix states calmly. [Young among my people, but an ancient monster compared to any living human. In my eyes, tying humanity's future to the Volgrim's is not such a bad thing to do. Perhaps the older Volgrim, our current leaders, would disagree.]

She levitates a little closer to Hope, allowing him to feel the mana wafting off of Excalibur even more prominently.

[Do you think the Demon Emperors are fools? They know how Jason Hiro's scheme is affecting their species. But they remain silent, because ultimately, they stand to benefit just as much as humanity. They have begun to experience the benefits of a symbiotic relationship. Would the Volgrim rather flee to another galaxy and return to someday slay the Plague, ultimately losing 99% of our population? Would we rather die out entirely? Or would we rather accept a second power in the Milky Way, one with whom we share our gains and losses?]

Vulpanix spreads out her free hand, exposing her palm.

[Friends. Allies. Enemies. These terms are temporary, but benefits are eternal. Once, the five subspecies of Volgrim fought horrific and bloody wars against one another. Now we stand united. Yes, the aged ones recalled the losses they suffered. The companions who died. The friends and loved ones who perished to the claws and weapons of their foes. But when the time came, they all united to defeat the common threat of the Sentinels.]

[Tell me, Hope Hiro. Could such an event happen again in this galaxy? Could the Volgrim and humanity truly become partners, in much the same way as my people did during the Great Wars?]

She respectfully holds Excalibur up horizontally before herself.

[You have the power to choose what happens next. This is my olive branch to you.]

Hope stares at the Confessor quietly.

He hears her words.

He battles the turbulent emotions in his heart.

He remembers the screams of that mother, father, and son as the Volgrim blasted them apart, over and over again.

He stares at the writhing, disgusting mass of children attached to Vulpanix's body at this very moment.

But he remembers other things too.

He remembers his old feelings, the way he used to be, his idealistic desires before Jason split the two Wordsmiths through the power of cloning.

He recalls his time on Earth, before he entered the cryopod.

He even thinks about his 'mother' and 'father,' his adoptive foster parents who treated him well, until that unfortunate accident broke their family...

Hope closes his eyes.

_What would Amanda say? Robert? Would they be proud of the man I've become?_

_What would Jason do if he were in my position?_

_What would Neil advise, given how the last few hours have played out?_

_Can I trust Vulpanix? Can I trust the Volgrim, after all the horrors I've witnessed?_

The Wordsmith chews his lower lip. He gazes at Excalibur, held so tantalizingly close, yet so far away.

He can't snatch it for free. Vulpanix still has a firm grip on it.

But even so, the way she has it held in a peaceful, submissive gesture causes his thoughts to become indecisive.

_An olive branch..._