Part 628: Jason, "The Idiot" Trueborn

January 16th, 2021. Noon. Illuminati Haven.

Three hours passed. Claire sat in her wheelchair, and Victoria remained standing, shifting the weight of her feet around as her progressively more pained feet cried out, begging for a reprieve. She couldn't help but direct sneaky looks of jealousy to her cousin, who didn't have to suffer the agony of three hours standing in a pair of high heels. Truly, some people had all the luck.

Well. To be fair, the man who put Claire in the wheelchair was no stroke of good luck for her. But that was years ago, and the accident had likely long faded into a distant, traumatic memory.

Victoria felt a little bad, envying her cousin. But at the same time, as the leader of the Illuminati, she could not break decorum by sitting on the floor, or leaving to fetch a seat. She had no idea what the Ancestors were discussing with Jason, but as he stood there, his head, bowed, unmoving, she could only assume it was a matter of grave importance.

Victoria tried to distract herself with random thoughts. She mentally planned out her itinerary for the next several weeks, crossing items on and off. That only lasted for half an hour before her feet cramped up and sent bolts of lightning shooting from the arches of her feet to her knees.

Damn. Damn damn damn. Her feet really hurt. If only she could just take her shoes off and stand barefoot, her agony would lessen ever so slightly.

She wanted to do it. She truly did. But if there was one thing Victoria cared about more than her own personal comfort, it was maintaining the sanctity of her Heroic lineage. Her Ancestor wasn't just a formidable human, but the savior of the human species. The progenitor of all humans who came after! He was their guiding light. Their Illuminator.

What was a little foot pain compared to upholding the honor of his existence?

So, she stood still and suffered. Each pang of pain only firmed her resolve further.

Eventually, Jason stirred. He lifted his head and a wave of relief washed down Victoria's body, making her feel like she'd gained five years of her youth back.

Jason looked around and blinked. Then he turned to Claire and Victoria.

"...Are you alright?" Jason asked, looking at Victoria. "You're sweating a lot."

Victoria silently swore in her head. _Dammit! I didn't know I looked so miserable! My feet are killing me, but I can't look weak in front of the Trueborn. I have to maintain the Illuminati's image!_

She grunted. "It's nothing. A small matter. Was your discussion with the Ancestors fruitful?"

Jason didn't immediately respond. He gave her a funny smile, as if he knew something she didn't. Victoria had no idea Jason could read minds and she'd practically screamed about her pain directly at his face, albeit unwillingly.

"A small matter, huh? Well, it's none of my business." Jason said. "The Ancestors want to speak with you, Victoria. Specifically, Jepthath. The three of us came to an agreement, and he's going to fill you in on the broad strokes."

Victoria's eye twitched. It was a great honor to speak to the Ancestors. She had only done so on three previous occasions, and always, it was only Jepthath who communicated with her. Madam Mildred never deigned to speak with her or almost any of the former Illuminati heads unless it was an emergency. Victoria didn't know why, but secretly she thought Mildred might be somewhat arrogant, stuck-up, and maybe full of herself.

Not that Victoria would ever dare to utter such thoughts out loud. Mildred had every right to feel arrogant. She was a superior human who once stood at the apex of humanity's power. Compared to her, mundane humans like Victoria were nothing at all.

The only problem Victoria had now was that her feet hurt so badly she really didn't want to stand in place and worsen her situation further. Even so, she had no choice! It was her obligation as the Illuminati Head to commune with Jepthath anytime he requested a meeting.

She quickly nodded. "Of course. I shall do so at once."

She closed her eyes and stilled her mind. Moments later, she appeared inside a white void where a familiar man stood before her, towering over her with his abundant spirituality, his presence like a mountain before a pebble.

"My descendant." Jepthath said, his voice booming. "From this day forward, the Illuminati shall serve Jason Hiro as his closest advisor, ally, and asset. Any command he issues, you will follow. His voice should be considered equal to mine."

Victoria blinked. This was not what she expected to hear.

"Ancestor Jepthath... I... you are saying...?"

"I am not compromised." Jepthath said. "The boy is powerful. Truly formidable. His powers may be the greatest of any Trueborn that has ever lived. Humanity is fortunate to have such a powerhouse appearing before the advent of a dark future. With Jason Hiro leading us, we may yet weather the coming storm."

A chill went down Victoria's spine. Hearing Jepthath's words, either Jason had used his heroic abilities to completely seize control of the Ancestors, or he had spoken of a future so frightening that they immediately threw down their pride to serve him.

Either way, Jason was this generation's Trueborn. Victoria had no problem following his orders, and neither could she resist if he held any evil intentions. Cat Mask alone potentially had the strength to obliterate the Illuminati. If Jason was as terrifying as Jepthath stated, then Jason and Cat Mask together must be an awe-inspiring force of nature she couldn't fathom!

"I understand, Ancestor." Victoria said, lowering her head. "As you command. The Illuminati shall now heed all commands Jason Hiro issues as if they were spoken by you personally."

She expected Jepthath to dismiss her, but instead, he kept her within his domain for a while longer.

"You have doubts." Jepthath stated. "You fear that Jason has subverted my mind, as well as Mildred's. I assure you, he has not. That boy is a worthy inheritor of the Heroic Aura. He spoke to me in clear and convincing terms of a future where humanity would fall. His arguments were sound of logic, and Mildred herself could find no reproach within his words. The time we have left before the Earth's demise is not long, not long at all. We must act quickly if we are to preserve humanity's sovereignty."

His eyes filled with solemn duty, Jepthath lifted his head as if to search the void for Heaven's whereabouts.

"Jason does not need the Illuminati's resources. Not directly. He can easily replicate everything that we possess using his own powers. However, our heritage is formidable. Our millennia of experience. Our manpower. Our network of talents. Our ability to collect and disseminate information. We are not serving him because we must, but because our greatest Test is soon to reveal itself. If we do not rise to meet it, then only destruction will follow. Humanity is counting on us, my child. We will not falter, though our enemies appear insurmountable."

Victoria nodded silently. She no longer questioned her Ancestor's motivations. Whatever he had seen, whatever tale Jason had spun, it must have spooked him beyond anything he'd witnessed before.

This was no small matter. The Illuminati, and humanity itself, could not afford to fall into complacency.

"I will put our full power into action, Ancestor." Victoria swore. "This, I promise."

"Very good. Then go in peace, my daughter. Soon enough, you will be fortunate to witness miracles in the making."

Victoria's vision shimmered. Jepthath disappeared along with the white void, and she found herself back in the underground chamber.

Surprisingly, Victoria found that her feet no longer hurt, and her body was full of energy. This was strange, because such a thing had never happened during the previous times she spoke to her Ancestor.

She lifted her eyes to see Jason smiling at her.

"Feet feeling better?" Jason asked.

"I... yes?" Victoria asked, trying not to sound completely bewildered. "But... how did you know..?"

Jason waved his hand flippantly. "Consider it my apology for leaving you hanging for all that time. I had no idea Jepthath, Mildred and I were going to hit things off so well."

Victoria wanted to respond, but her eyes nearly popped out of her head when Jason abruptly walked over to Jepthath's statue, took hold of his Shepherd's Staff, and yoinked it away from the statue for himself.

"W-what are you doing?!" Victoria cried, rendered aghast by the blatant disrespect for her Ancestor's artifact.

"Calm down." Jason said, raising an eyebrow at her. "Didn't Jepthath explain? From now on, the Illuminati is mine. That includes his artifact, and Mildred's. But don't worry. I'll only be using them for a while. A temporary crutch."

Victoria tried to suppress her distress, but the mere act of touching the Ancestor's artifact had been drilled into her from childhood as an act of disrespect and sacrilege. Jepthath was more than her Ancestor; he was the Illuminati's god!

Let alone just touching his staff, picking it up so casually felt like an affront to her lifetime of hard work. It took all her self control not to scream profanities at Jason.

And then, Jason walked right over to Mildred's artifact, a music box dated from the 1900s. He reached his hand out, then casually picked it up as well.

"No Kasim or Karla or Tucker this time, huh? Maybe in the future." Jason muttered.

Jason turned around. He twirled Jepthath's staff playfully, testing its weight in his hand. It wasn't a good fighting implement, and certainly not as well-balanced as a proper bo staff would be. He made a mental note that he'd need to craft formidable fighting weapons for his future battles.

Victoria stared at him with widened, horror-filled eyes. She felt nauseous, unable to process these developments. Never did she imagine her almighty Ancestors would have their artifacts treated like a street vendor's cabbage, simply picked up and played with for a teenager's amusement!

Seemingly oblivious to the horror on Victoria's face, Jason smiled jovially.

"Well, alrighty then! What are we waiting for? Let's head upstairs, ladies!"

Compared to Victoria, Claire seemed a lot less moved. She knew the Ancestors were viewed as gods by the Illuminati, but she had never spoken to them in person like Victoria had. She lacked a personal connection with Jepthath, so she really couldn't fully comprehend the depth of her cousin's despair.

Jason walked toward the elevator, and Claire joined him. Victoria was a few seconds slower, and she dragged her feet a little bit, still grappling with the change in dynamics that had abruptly played out less than a minute before.

---

"So." Jason said, some time later, when he arrived inside the central command area of the Illuminati Haven. "The first thing I need you to do is add a detailed listing of my powers to the Illuminati's files."

Victoria blinked. "That... are you certain?"

It was a baffling request. Why did this matter to Jason so much that he made it his first directive?

"I'm certain." Jason replied. He held out his hand, revealing a small SD Card. "I've taken the liberty to fill out my abilities for you to conveniently add. Make sure you have one of your scientists reword this information so it doesn't sound like something I wrote. I didn't have time to mask my own writing well."

Victoria's eyebrow furiously twitched. Jason's request was especially bizarre given he had been so careful about revealing his powers earlier, but now he was just handing the full outline to her??

Without delay, she plugged the memory card into a slot on the back of a nearby computer, then took a minute to load up the primary files.

On her screen, a series of words appeared.

SUBJECT NAME: JASON HIRO

CLASSIFICATION: TRUEBORN HERO, COMBAT AND SUPPORT SPECIALIST

POWER TYPE: INFORMATION WARFARE

HEROIC DESIGNATION: "ARCHSEER"

Butterflies fluttered in Victoria's stomach. It was real! This truly was a manifest of his powers. Everything lined up with what she and the other researchers had learned before, but now the information was far more detailed.

FIRST NOTED ABILITY: DREAM EATING. SUBJECT CAN OBTAIN INFORMATION WHEN ASLEEP. SUBJECT POSSESSES ACCESS TO SOMETHING HE REFERS TO AS THE 'DREAM NEXUS'. SUBJECT CAN LEARN INFORMATION ABOUT ENEMIES REMOTELY WITHOUT EVER COMING INTO CONTACT WITH THEM.

SECOND NOTED ABILITY: HYPER TRAINING. SUBJECT IS CAPABLE OF RAPIDLY ABSORBING PRACTICAL COMBAT ABILITIES FROM ALLIES AND FOES ALIKE DURING DREAM INCURSIONS. SUBJECT DEMONSTRATES INCREDIBLE REFLEXES AND AGILITY. SUBJECT CAN QUICKLY OBTAIN EXTREME COMMAND OF MARTIAL WEAPONRY WITH EASE.

Victoria's mind swirled as she assessed these notes. Was this how the Trueborn had become so formidable seemingly overnight? But if true, then why would he willingly tell her this information?

She immediately realized the truth. Jason wanted to win her over by demonstrating his trust in the Illuminati. There could be no secrets between him and her. By revealing his true powers, he was essentially saying he trusted her implicitly, and hoped she would do so as well.

The thought warmed her heart ever so slightly.

THIRD NOTED ABILITY: ENHANCED REFLEXES. SUBJECT HAS DEMONSTRATED AGILITY AND REFLEXES AT THE LEVEL OF A DEMON BARON. HE IS ABLE TO PERCEIVE TIME AT A NOTABLY HIGHER RATE OF SPEED THAN ORDINARY HUMANS, ALLOWING HIM TO REACT TO THREATS FASTER THAN NORMAL.

FOURTH NOTED ABILITY: FATIGUE ELIMINATION. SUBJECT POSSESSES EXTRAORDINARY ENDURANCE AND CAN ALLEVIATE FATIGUE ACCUMULATED OVER LONG PERIODS OF TIME. THIS ABILITY IS NOT LIMITED ONLY TO HIMSELF, BUT OTHER ENTITIES AS WELL. IT IS ESPECIALLY USEFUL FOR TRAINING HIS OWN BODY'S PHYSICAL PARAMETERS.

Several other entries followed. The more she read, the more she realized Jason Hiro was an extremely strong, combat and information-warfare focused Hero. While his abilities weren't too useful when it came to creating artifacts, healing severe injuries, or enhancing his own durability, in a head to head matchup, he could probably beat most Demon Dukes and even some of the Emperors under favorable circumstances.

Still, his lack of versatility was a notable flaw. If the demons ever learned of this weakness, they might try to seize upon it. That could prove a fatal disaster...

Concern wormed its way onto Victoria's face. She looked at Jason nervously, only to see a calm, confident smile on his face. Didn't he understand the danger of simply tossing this information onto the computer system?

"This... we should keep your powers hidden." Victoria whispered. "Jason... what if the demons learn about this knowledge? They would have a huge tactical advantage."

Jason's smile wavered. He looked away thoughtfully, then shrugged.

"Nah, not possible. The demons are bad with technology, so they won't be able to steal any of the files. Anyway, I also want you to make sure the troops here know about my abilities so I don't have to explain myself all the time when I talk to them. It would be super tiring if I had to do that constantly."

"Not all demons are ignorant of technology." Victoria hastily explained. "There exists a Baron named Ose. She can hack computer systems. She might be able to find and uncover these files!"

Jason raised an eyebrow. "_Pft. Come on._ Demons are _idiots_ with technology. Even if one of them learned a little computer tech stuff, how smart could she possibly be? Worst case scenario, I'll just have to take her down first. She's only a Baron, right? Killing her will be a piece of cake. Besides, the Illuminati has top of the line computer hacking protection, right? So how can one measly Demon Baron compare to humanity's mastery of technology? You're overthinking a mere bloodskin's capabilities."

Victoria swallowed heavily. She felt stifled by Jason's retorts.

Was he an idiot?? Didn't he understand just how big a threat his life would come under if the demons learned of his true powers?!

She didn't know how to change his mind. Internally, her assessment of him fell several points.

How could he be such a dope? Just handing over information like this was kind of him and would help solidify his truthfulness with the Illuminati rank and file, but that was secondary to preserving his life and combat advantage!

Victoria fell silent for a full minute. At one point, a bizarre thought crossed her mind.

_Could he be lying about his powers?_

Was he deliberately feeding the Illuminati's computers with false information to throw his enemies off? That didn't make any sense though. She had personally seen his abrupt combat mastery with martial weapons. He also possessed knowledge about things he clearly shouldn't. He must have awakened his 'Dream Eating' ability and woke up a completely changed man. Everything fit!

She slowly shook her head, while feeling the heat of Jason's gaze on the side of her face. She didn't know why he was so hellbent on revealing his true powers, but the Ancestors had told her to obey Jason's commands, so...

Victoria swallowed the lump in her throat. With great hesitation, she copied the memory card's files to an internal database, noting that there were new videos of his powers in action she'd need to review later. While she couldn't understand his idiotic motivations for recording down everything about himself, she was enough of a professional to do her duty.

"Alright. I've transmitted the files to Eliezer." Victoria said, turning to carefully look at Jason's smiling face. She had no idea where he obtained such self-confidence, but already she felt he was not as impressive as she first imagined. "What next?"

Jason squeezed her shoulder reassuringly. "Nothing, for now. Just make sure the next time I come here, I won't have to explain who I am to everyone, and that they all know I'm in charge. Mildred and I have work to do in preparation for the coming weeks."

Victoria nodded. "...As you command."

Jason's thoughts were completely foreign to her, but she assumed he and the Ancestors must have a purpose behind all this. She simply had to hope the wisdom of the predecessors was good enough to guide the foolish young Trueborn on his future path to elevating humanity's status.

...

Some time later, Jason, Victoria, and Claire emerged back onto the top level of the Haven. Jason strolled over to his father and smiled.

"All done. Artifacts acquired." Jason said, though he didn't seem to be carrying the artifacts anywhere on his person.

Cat Mask was sitting heavily atop a reinforced steel container filled with weapons. One of the Illuminati's recent deliveries, it seemed. When Jason spoke, Hideki raised his head and peered at his son through his mask's eye-holes.

"Oh, good. That was fast."

Jason scratched his head. Several hours of talking didn't feel 'fast' to him, but it probably was like a blink of an eye to his father.

"Yeah. Let's get going. Once Mildred and I finish, I can return to execute the next phase of the plan."

Victoria, Claire, and the soldiers on base saluted Jason as he and his father left. Now that he was the acting leader of the Illuminati, news of his ascension would spread quickly. Victoria feared what might happen if the demons found out, but he had made his intentions clear. It was no longer her place to speak against them so long as he had the Illuminator's blessing.

After Jason and Cat Mask departed, Victoria groaned under her breath. "Claire, I _really_ hope that Trueborn knows what he's doing."

Claire appeared nonplussed. She looked at her cousin in amusement. Unlike Victoria, Claire had spoken to Jason before Cat Mask took him away. She had gotten a pretty decent feel of the man. While he certainly seemed more confident than before, his personality hadn't changed much, and Claire had already made a crucial guess about his future intentions.

"You seem worried, Victoria." Claire said with an amused look on her face. "There's no need to be. Just do what he says. I think it will all play out exactly how he plans."

Victoria didn't pick up on the hidden implications in her cousin's words. She groaned even more heavily than before. "That's what I'm worried about."

"You'll see." Claire said, her smile brightening a little more. "_You will see..._"