Part 471: Desperate Deal

Inside a world of fairy illusion magic, Blinker and Zamiel battle with one another, each holding the intent to kill.

_Whiff-whiff-whiff!_

Bullets traveling at nearly the speed of light continually race at Blinker as she flickers around in the sky above. Zamiel hefts a mighty railgun in his arms, pulling the massive weapon's trigger to launch tiny but frightfully lethal shards of mana-infused metal at the fairy above.

"What's the matter, Butterbitch?" Zamiel taunts. "No time to prepare a spell? Better keep dodging! One hit and you'll die! Hahaha!"

Blinker grimaces. She wants desperately to wave her hands, focus her mind, and crush her enemy, but a single misstep and Zamiel's projectiles will tear through her body, no matter how much magic she uses to protect herself!

The railgun projectiles fly into the fairy barrier enveloping them and travel elsewhere in the Labyrinth, teleported at random through the spatial magic forming this temporary makeshift prison.

"How did you get so strong?!" Blinker snaps. "You weren't an Emperor last time we fought!"

"You can thank your hubby for that." Zamiel replies, firing three more bullets. "Yep, that crocodile soul was pretty great! It helped Big Boss do all sorts of fun things!"

"BASTARD!!" Blinker screams, her eyes turning bloodshot. "GIVE ME KAR BACK!!"

"Get on your knees and beg!"

Blinker suddenly flickers toward Zamiel. She weaves between the incoming bullets, barely avoiding one as it tears through her fluttering skirt, then she fires a telekinetic burst of energy at Zamiel.

"Oof!"

Zamiel gets knocked backward a little and momentarily lowers his railgun to steady himself.

In that instant, Blinker strikes!

She conjures a wall of telekinetic energy around herself, then rushes at him while the phantom of a huge tiger envelops her.

_Slash!_

Blinker rakes her giant claws at Zamiel, but he jumps backward, then summons a barrier of Qi around himself, hardened mana which functions in a manner not dissimilar to Blinker's own telekinetic energy.

"Good move!" Zamiel sarcastically praises. "But you're not facing a Duke anymore! I'm more than a match for you!"

With both combatants using their own internal reserves to protect themselves, they fashion weapons out of mana and Qi.

Blinker conjures a pair of beautiful but deadly one-handed swords. Their white blades sparkle like daylight scattering across snow, making them difficult to look directly at.

Zamiel summons a single Greatsword, a wickedly curved blade colored red, resembling a dragon's tooth. The very same one he used to fight Kar. He pours a large portion of his mana and Qi into the blade to harden it, making it no less corporeal than any weapon made of demonstone.

Then he and Blinker attack!

They lunge at each other, striking with brute force.

Zamiel's body, that which once belonged to Kar, grants him immense physical power. Coupled with his own prowess as a weapon-master, he can fight like hell to stay alive and push his opponents back.

Meanwhile, Blinker possesses not only the power of a Fairy Queen, but the power of the Sphinx! She partially monsterizes her arms and legs to increase her striking power. Her face becomes somewhat lion-like, giving her a ferocious appearance!

_Bang! Bang! Clink-clank! Bang!_

Zamiel's sword clashes against Blinker's blades. They trade blows ten times, then twenty. Sometimes Blinker dodges the attack to use her superior speed and follow up with a strike at Zamiel's organs, but the Emperor of War slips away over and over.

At the same time, Blinker doesn't dare to fully connect her swords with Zamiel's greatsword. His striking power is too scary! Each downward or sweeping slash possesses enough might to break both of Blinker's blades. So instead, she constantly ducks and dodges, deflecting his attacks at various angles so her swords don't have to endure too much pressure.

Five minutes pass. Ten minutes. Even twenty.

But the two combatants find that they are equally matched!

Even when Blinker manages to land a strike on Zamiel's body, his Qi barrier protects him. And if she fails to deflect his attacks in time, she still manages to sidestep his large, easily predictable weapon.

"Not bad!" Zamiel says. "You've got some fight in you, woman! I can see why that croc liked you! I bet you were feisty in bed!"

Blinker doesn't bother trading jabs. "Give me back Kar's body and soul, you thief!"

"Or what? You'll kill me?" Zamiel sneers. "Go ahead and try. I've already died once. What's one more time at this point? But what a shame... if you kill me, that reptile's body will turn to dust!"

Blinker's gaze turns cold. She attacks Zamiel again, striking him repeatedly to force him back a few steps.

"If I have to kill you, then I will. Even if it means I never see Kar again. At least I'll have my revenge!"

She lashes out with even more fury than before, monsterizing her body and attuning herself to the Sphinx to further increase her power. Her dainty and beautiful butterfly wings become more muscled and feathery, like those of a gryphon. Her chest and torso sprout thick, woolen fur while her bone density triples.

Her previously weak and dainty sword strikes start packing more of a punch. Zamiel steps back over and over, losing more ground to the Monster Queen.

Even so, Zamiel never appears flustered. He continues to grin and smirk at Blinker, making her feel uneasy.

"You really want your hubby's soul back, eh?" Zamiel asks, suddenly stepping toward Blinker and brutishly shoving her back with a tricky palm strike. "Maybe we can cut a deal!"

Blinker grunts as his palm hits her chest, but his strike doesn't cause her any pain. Her body is much too durable for that.

"Don't try to pull any tricks with me!" Blinker snarls.

But instead of attacking, Blinker hesitates for a moment, gazing at Zamiel with a flicker of interest.

He doesn't miss this fact.

"There are no eternal enemies..." Zamiel says slowly. "Only eternal benefits. I'll let you in on a secret. We sapped Kar's soul of its power, yeah. But he's not dead. That croc's still got some juice left. Big Boss was thinking of snuffing him out, but... maybe you could change our minds. For the right price..."

Blinker narrows her eyes.

"What are you trying to pull?"

"No tricks." Zamiel says, puffing out his chest. "I'm already fulfilling my purpose by keeping you busy. As long as you and I fight, you're not able to help your friends. But... we don't have to stay here, locked in combat. There's another way this skirmish can go. A bit of... _give and take_..."

"Speak plainly." Blinker replies. "My patience for anything a Battle Brother has to say is already less than zero. Let's not forget what you did to Kar's entire family!"

"Right, right. Killed those crocs, me and Duriel did." Zamiel says. "You want it plain? Here goes. I'll give you Kar's soul... but only if you give Big Boss something of equivalent value."

He pauses.

"For example... how about that Sphinx magic, eh? Or maybe you'd rather carry your hubby's curse with you for the rest of your life?"

Blinker's heart skips a beat. "I should have known... that's what you've been angling for this whole time! You're trying to trick me into giving up the power of the Monster Deity!"

"Oh, but you're wrong." Zamiel says quietly. "There's nothing 'tricky' about this. It's a simple trade. A soul for a magical power."

"How do I know you're telling the truth?" Blinker asks. "Where is Kar? How do I know his soul is still intact?! Show me!"

Zamiel's smile deepens. He grins at Blinker without holding back his contempt for her love and adoration.

"You want to see him? Here he is."

Zamiel holds up his palm next to his chest. After a moment, a faint glowing orb emerges from a previously hidden gap in his undead body, then hovers into his grasp.

Blinker's eyes widen. "Kar!"

She senses her husband's mana. His weak life appears far dimmer than she'd prefer, but he doesn't appear in danger of dying.

"You see?" Zamiel asks. "He's right here. All you have to do is trade away the Sphinx's power and you can have Kar for yourself."

Blinker's upper lip curls into a snarl. "You sapped him dry! He's barely even alive! Do you really think one soul is worth the price of the Sphinx's magic?!"

Zamiel tilts his long snout upward. He looks down at Blinker with a sneer.

"Well, that's not for me to decide, now, is it? It's entirely up to you whether you think the value proposition is worth the trade..."

Blinker's stomach sinks. She starts to take a step toward Zamiel, but he tightens his grip around Kar's fragile soul, making a crack appear in its glow.

"Ah-ah-ah. No funny movements. One little _squeeze_ and hubby goes _pop_. Hahahaha!"

Blinker stands frozen. Unable to walk toward her husband, unable to pull back. The attachment she feels toward the Sphinx's power is nothing at all. She'd happily give it up in a heartbeat if it meant bringing Kar back.

The problem is, she doesn't like Mephisto or Zamiel at all. Hell, even beyond 'not liking' them, she hates their guts! Of all the creatures who could obtain Kar's former power, Mephisto is the absolute last being in existence Blinker would want to give the Sphinx to!

"...How do I know I can trust you?" Blinker asks, glaring daggers at Zamiel. "If I give you the magic first, you could just crush Kar to death!"

"And if I give you him first, you could simply refuse to pass the magic along." Zamiel says, unfazed by her remark. "But Big Boss already thought of that. We'll each activate a Death Promise. I'll promise to give you Kar in exchange for the Sphinx's magic, and you'll do the same. If one of us reneges on the promise... we'll die on the spot."

Blinker slowly nods. "A Death Promise. That... you've clearly thought about this carefully..."

"I'll be blunt." Zamiel says. "We have no more need of the so-called Monster King. His energy is gone. His magic, nonexistent. At this point, an ordinary human would have more use to us than he does. You don't need to worry about us pulling some last-second trick to destroy his soul or screw you over. We don't give a damn if you reunite or not. We only care that we get the Sphinx's magic."

"So... your entire plan hinges on getting me to accept this trade...?" Blinker asks slowly.

"Pff. Nah. Not even." Zamiel responds without missing a beat. "We knew you croc-suckers would come knocking. We have our major goals. This is a minor one. It's a _nice to have._ If we don't get the Sphinx, then whatever. But does that really matter to you? The only thing you should be worrying about is if croc-boy will get to be a daddy for little croc-juniors..."

Zamiel's eyes lower to Blinker's womb in a manner most unsubtle. She grimaces at his gaze, but it doesn't lower the effectiveness of his tactic.

"Our children..." Blinker mutters softly, slowly coming to hate herself more and more by the second.

A minute passes.

Neither side says anything.

Blinker stands in place, wrestling with what she should do. Her eyes twitch. Her grip on her swords strengthens and weakens intermittently as she battles the urge to give in with the urge to attack Zamiel!

But, as she struggles, Zamiel sighs.

"Guess he wasn't that important to you after all."

Zamiel slowly starts to move Kar's soul back toward his chest...

"Wait!" Blinker suddenly cries. "I'll... I'll do it! I'll do it, okay?! I'll pledge the Death Promise..."

Zamiel grins wickedly. "Are you _sure_? It's a bit degrading giving that Sphinx power to the people you hate most, isn't it? I dunno, maybe you should just let the croc stay dead..."

"Shut up! I've made up my mind!" Blinker barks. "Just get this over with!"

Blinker resolutely de-summons her swords. Zamiel follows her lead and does the same.

Then, she begins chanting magical words of power, words which Zamiel mimics. At the same time, the two draw magical letters in the air, visual representations of their pledge.

"On the promise of my future death, I pledge to give this crocodile's soul to the fairy bimbo." Zamiel says.

"On the promise of my future death, I pledge to give the Sphinx's power to the Emperor of War." Blinker says.

"In exchange, I will receive the power of the Sphinx. Then the pledge will end once both parties have acknowledged receipt." Zamiel says.

"In exchange, I will receive my husband Kar's soul. Then the pledge will end once both parties have acknowledged receipt." Blinker says.

They continue following each other's lead, adding more and more protections for their own interests. After engraving these twenty lines on their souls, they recall the powerful magic back inside their bodies and take a moment to breathe heavily. The strain of creating such precise magic and then directly inflicting it as an injury on their souls does not disappear quickly.

After a full minute of recuperating, Blinker demorphs from her Sphinx form back to her base fairy body. She closes her eyes and wills the Sphinx magic to consolidate inside her chest.

"I can't just give you the magic." Blinker says. "Instead, I've made a secret riddle. What I will pass to you is the answer to that riddle. My Death Promise confirms as much."

"I saw that." Zamiel replies. "The method of transfer doesn't matter. If you take Kar's soul but don't give me the Sphinx's magic, you'll die. Not just you, but those croc-kids of yours. And with you dead, the croc's soul will fade away, too. So I know you won't pull any tricks."

Blinker nods slowly. She looks at Zamiel with an expression of deep distrust and hatred, but in the end, her love for Kar wins out.

She and Zamiel warily step toward each other. They carefully monitor the other person for any intentions of striking out. Even if Blinker attacks Zamiel, so long as she doesn't try to steal Kar's soul, she won't die to the promise. But the same holds true of Zamiel. If he kills Blinker but doesn't take the Sphinx's power, he won't perish either.

This might end up being one huge ploy to get Blinker to lower her guard so he can kill her!

Therefore, Blinker doesn't take him lightly. She never discounts the idea this might be an elaborate trap intended to tie up a 'loose end' by eliminating her.

Despite her fears, Zamiel makes no moves to attack her. He takes the initiative to hand Kar's soul over first, allowing Blinker to finally reach out and grab her husband's remaining life from his clutches.

Blinker snatches Kar out of Zamiel's reptilian claws, terrified he might renege at the last second! She takes several steps back, while Zamiel remains in the same spot, unmoving.

"Three minutes." Zamiel says. "If I don't have that Sphinx magic in three minutes... you're dead. Better inspect hubby's soul quickly. The clock is ticking, fairy bimbo..."

He crosses his arms and leans back, completely confident in his assessment of Blinker's intent.

As for the Fairy Queen...

Blinker lowers her eyes to Kar's soul.

No longer bound by Mephisto or Zamiel's magic, the spirit of her husband can finally speak...

"Butter...fly..." Kar says weakly, his words transmitting to Blinker's mind magically. "You... came for me..."

Blinker's heart sinks. Kar's voice is much, much weaker than she expected.

"Kar! You're... you're barely..."

"Hurgh. I'm not... not in good shape..." Kar says softly. "...did things to me. The bone-man. Smokey. He was... so vicious... but I held on..."

Kar falls silent for an instant. His spirit dims, then brightens again.

"I held on... as long as I could. The torture... it never stopped..."

Tears well up in Blinker's eyes. She listens silently as her husband speaks.

"You... I held on for you..." Kar continues. "It was hard. So hard. Hurgh. But I wouldn't... wouldn't let Smokey break me. And finally... now... I can see you again... happy... makes me so happy..."

His spirit dims again. This time, it stays dim for almost five seconds before brightening once more.

"Kar." Blinker whispers. "You're going to make it, okay? The Wordsmith, I can have Jason-"

"There's no point." Kar interrupts. "Don't bother... my precious, beautiful Butterfly... I'm so glad we could speak again. The Creator... showed me such a kindness."

"Don't give up." Blinker says. "Don't you give up on me, Kar! I'm giving away the Sphinx's magic for you!"

"A bad trade." Kar says simply. "Don't give... Smokey... even one thing. Nothing at all. I'm not worth it..."

"You are!" Blinker says, steeling her heart. She glares daggers at Zamiel, but the Emperor of War continues to smile, unmoved. "You've always been worth it. Because you're the reptile I love. I won't let our babies grow up fatherless!"

With one hand, Blinker holds Kar's soul. She hastily erects a formation around it, magically gluing Kar's soul to her left palm. She allows Kar's soul to leech life from her soul, albeit at a faint rate she won't notice. Then, with her free hand, Blinker conjures an orb of magic containing the answer to her Sphinx Riddle.

She snarls at Zamiel. "Here. Your magic."

Zamiel's eyebrows raise. He steps toward Blinker.

For a brief second, Blinker feels the urge to strike at Zamiel. To attack and kill him with one merciless blow, even if it means her own death!

But she doesn't.

She quietly holds the answer to her Sphinx's Riddle out, and Zamiel takes it.

Zamiel 'unwraps' the magic and smirks.

"Heh. Women. You're really petty, you know that? This isn't even a proper riddle!"

"Just say the _goddamn words._" Blinker hisses.

"Sure, sure. The question is, '_What stupid asshole motherfucker deserves to eat shit and die from eating too much shit?_' And the answer is... '_Zamiel, the Emperor of War!_'"

As Zamiel speaks those words, a surge of magic erupts within Blinker's chest. The Fairy Queen gasps. Her body visibly sags. With a shudder, she almost loses her footing, remaining standing only through her force of will.

At the same time, that surge of magic races out of her body into Zamiel's, empowering him and making his Emperor-level aura begin to rise.

Blinker steps back. As she does, the power of her Death Promise begins to fade. With the terms having been met, both she and Zamiel are released from their magical bonds, freeing them to once again act as they wish.

The Emperor of War releases a deafening roar! The power of the Sphinx makes his aura explode into the heavens! The walls of Blinker's Fairy Mirage shudder as a burst of hyper-violent, feral energy erupts from Zamiel's figure!

For the first time in all of recorded history, the power of the Sphinx has arrived in the grasp of the demons! And not just any demon, but a fully fledged Demon Emperor bursting with magical power!

As Zamiel roars, he begins to laugh.

"Hahahaha! This magic may ultimately belong to Big Boss, but it would be SUCH a shame to let it go to waste! Hahahaha! And the stupid BITCH gave it to me for FREE! Women are the dumbest creatures in existence!!"

He lowers his head, a primal hunger boiling in his reptilian eyes.

"Hehehe... oh, fairy bimbo... you look so _tasty._"