Part 423: Planet Mudball

Jason slowly begins to make his way toward the unknown world below. As he descends toward the ugly mud-ball, he calms his nerves by thinking about his tactical options.

_I can't communicate with Fiona remotely. We don't have any way to talk to each other, not even if she tries to Wordsmith a connection. For some reason, my soul isn't receptive to my own Wordsmithing. But... if any of these Psions sense me, I can transmit a pulse of mana back to my body and alert her to recall me._

After his run-in with Mephisto during Stormbringer, where the necromancer nearly sucked Jason's soul into Valac's lantern, the Wordsmith decided he could never again skip having a contingency measure to save himself.

_It's not much... but it's something._

The further Jason descends, the greater the details he can make out on Mudball's surface. Without an official name for the planet before him, he quickly takes to calling the ugly, amorphous blob of a world that without hesitation.

Interestingly, no matter where Jason directs his attention, all he sees is a massive, unending flatland of dirt and mud. Not a single mountain hangs on the horizon. Nothing taller than a fifty-meter hill, to be sure. No trees, no rocks, nothing of any interest, not even a basic landmark.

In fact, the more Jason observes the planet during his descent, the more he begins to think its complete lack of features may be its greatest asset.

"Hmm. This world isn't bland and lacking by accident. It's intentional. If one does not notice the massive amount of psionic energy signatures in the region, they won't think of this planet as anything but an ugly, featureless husk. I wonder if this planet even exists on any star maps..."

Finally, he breaches Mudball's upper atmosphere. A scorching hot breeze of nearly 500C (932F) washes across his soul. The heat doesn't hurt him or cause him any discomfort, but he certainly notices the irregularity. He also can't help but detect a surprising amount of humidity in the air, though it does not appear to be caused by any sort of liquid water. Perhaps some other form of liquid, such as molten iron or something else.

Unfortunately, the Wordsmith's chemistry knowledge comes up sorely lacking. He hasn't a clue the temperatures needed to turn various alloys into free-floating liquids lingering in the sky. What he does know is that if he were not in his soul-form, he would be suffering immensely.

"Quite the hostile world." Jason remarks blandly. "Buuut... perhaps for a _Psion_, this is easily bearable. Or maybe they never need to step foot aboveground."

After patiently taking more than ten minutes to descend, Jason finally reaches Mudball's surface. He stops a few feet above the ground, noting the 'mud' is absolutely not just dirt and water, but something much more viscous that would happily cling to his fleshy leg and eat through his skin in half a second, something resembling molten brown lava.

"Delightful. Don't think I'll be taking Phoebe here for a vacation any time soon..."

Already, the distant sensations of psionic energy have become much more omnipresent, making him feel distinctly uncomfortable. Jason waits for several seconds, but not even one of those sensations pauses to linger on him, making him wonder why the usually-observant Psions haven't detected his presence.

_Is it because I'm moving slowly? Not causing a fuss? But Vulpanix easily detected my soul-form... and there's at least one Executor's presence mixed among the others. I can't even count the number of 7th-Level Psions down there._

As uneasy as he felt before, Jason really begins debating returning back to Tarus II. However, the thought that Demila crossed several thousand lightyears in under ten minutes to arrive here makes him worry about her reason why.

"I have to know. I _have_ to know what's down there..." Jason finally says, his curiosity getting the better of him.

Without any further hesitation, he levitates downward, passing through the planet's surface without resistance. A field of blackness instantly engulfs his vision, causing him to become completely blind. However, at the same time, with his eyes no longer distracted by the material realm, he becomes more able to detect the 'soul realm' in a manner not dissimilar to how he located Ose on Tarus II during their confrontation more than two months earlier.

When his vision properly adjusts, Jason's heart turns to ice. Beneath him, a sea of white light glows in varying degrees of luminosity. This light, Jason quickly realizes, is not an actual sea, but a colossal, unthinkable number of souls, all pressed together tightly, each not even a meter apart from the other. While gaps do appear in their distribution, and thus the 'sea' itself, Jason finds these gaps to be eerily uniform, as if divided every so often by walls.

_How many souls are there?! A million? A billion? God, there must be tens of billions down here! Why are there so many Psions living under Mudball's surface?!_

Jason continues levitating downward, unsure of where to go. He takes his time, paying extra attention to the 'brightness' of the souls arrayed before him. He quickly realizes that the sea is not perfectly uniform, and some parts of it appear significantly duller than the rest. When he focuses on the dimmer souls, he comes up with a potential explanation.

_The brighter the soul, the more powerful the Psion. Perhaps the dimmest ones are only 1st and 2nd Level Psions? The brightest ones might be 7th or 8th._

The closer Jason travels to the soul sea, the more skittish he becomes, like a frail rabbit descending into a pit of vipers. Any of the stronger Psions might be able to easily sense him, and considering how easily Vulpanix nearly ripped him apart...

All of a sudden, Jason's vision returns!

The omnipresent blackness of a seemingly infinite underground world of rock and dirt vanishes, temporarily startling him. He finds himself inside a steel-lined hallway deep within the planet's depths. The flat floor gives way to a three-meter-high ceiling, with angled walls sloped hexagonally to reinforce the underground structure, likely to prevent a collapse. In turn, this gives the hallway the feeling of being a 'tube' with annoyingly bright lights reflecting off the spit-polished surfaces.

Jason blinks his eyes several times, despite them only being soul-based. He looks around himself, uncertain where to go or what to do.

While he could descend underground and continue floating toward the souls beneath himself, that method never feels good, and he hates traveling through the planetary crust unless absolutely necessary.

_I'll stick to the hallways, at least for now._ Jason thinks. _God, I hope I don't run into any Psions..._

Tentatively, he begins floating to the left, deciding to go in that direction instead of the other, for no particular reason.

As Jason begins traveling the underground complex, he passes by various sealed doors, none of which open up for him, likely due to their inability to detect his soul. The Wordsmith hesitantly sticks his head through the doors, where he often finds storage rooms, supply closets, and other such things. Inside, various techy gadgets hang to the walls, their functions utterly foreign to him. Unable to reach out and touch them, Jason can only hazard random guesses as to their functions.

_Maybe this is a janitor's closet?_ The Wordsmith thinks. _Those might be cleaning tools or something..._

The Wordsmith leaves the third random room, and the moment he flits outside, his heart leaps into his throat!

A Volgrim approaches him from down the hallway, but he quickly realizes they are not a Psion. Instead, they're very clearly a Technopath, someone levitating through the air, their torso severed and replaced with a floatation module. The Wordsmith stares, wide-eyed, as the Technopath hovers toward him.

_Shit, shit, shit! What do I do? Can he see me?!_

The Technopath flies directly toward Jason. Then... passes right through him.

Without so much as glancing in Jason's general direction, the Technopath levitates further down the hallway, eventually rounding a corner and disappearing.

Jason's metaphorical heart thumbs in his chest, though that sensation comes more from his human expectations than his soul's 'bodily capabilities'.

_Jesus goddamned Christ. I nearly shit myself!_

It takes him a good few minutes before he manages to calm down, but eventually, he does.

The Wordsmith continues levitating down the hall. Before long, he spots a pair of robots approaching him. The robot on the right sports eight tentacle-like appendages, the long limbs ending in a three-pronged 'hand' for gripping objects. The octo-bot's head features a single red iris, which looks past Jason, unable to detect his soul.

As for the robot on the left, it rolls around on treads and features a 'torso' about the size of a skinny flagpole, with two long and delicate-looking arms, likely intended for surgical precision or reaching into nooks and crannies.

These two odd-looking bots walk and roll past Jason, paying him no mind. It doesn't take long before Jason's advance starts to put him within the visual range of other robots and other Technopaths. Several dozen pass him over the next thirty minutes, making him frown.

_So many Technopaths and robots... but not a single Psion?_

Jason's confusion deepens. He arrives inside some sort of robotics laboratory where machinists weld robots together, wire their internals, program their code, and do all sorts of other tasks. Their projects lay scattered about hundreds of giant tables, with no cubicle walls or other barriers to divide all the workers from each other. The gigantic underground space gives Jason the chance to levitate to the ceiling some several hundred feet above, where he assumes a bird's-eye view.

Beneath Jason, thousands of Technopaths go about their day, oblivious to the soul watching them from above. Male and female Technopaths work together, often talking to each other about their work. Some conversations drift to the subject of the Volgrim Empire itself, but mostly these Technopaths seem content to not even bother talking about their motherworld.

Unfortunately, Jason's ability to understand the Technopaths is weak at best. Without his Wordsmithing, he can only understand a few words he's heard during his time on Volgarius, as well as the period he spent living among Kordonis's crew. Words like 'Volgarius' or 'ship' or 'electronic' tickle his ear, but all the rest might as well be gibberish.

"Hang na shas hxlutlanna'. I naag su agns'aths shut _module_."

Unable to understand more than one word out of every other sentence, the Wordsmith gives up his hopeless quest. He spots all sorts of alien text on the many displays scattered around the open-floor facility, but they appear as little more than squiggly hieroglyphs to his uneducated eyes.

_Fuck. I really need to learn some Volgarian after this._ Jason thinks.

His number one desire is to figure out just where, exactly, he's found himself. The world's name, the facility's purpose, anything that will clue him in as to why Demila chose to come here.

A thought occurs to the Wordsmith. He stares down at the Technopaths and shivers.

_This seems like a top-secret research facility. Demila might have come here to report on her findings to the Volgrim brass, or maybe her direct superiors. I bet they're all having a huge gathering to discuss how to deal with me!_

In his head, Jason imagines a huge wall of Psions standing at attention while Demila issues proclamations regarding 'humanity's superweapon,' riling them up and preparing them for a massive invasion. Even though the idea seems credible on its surface, it also seems a bit like overkill.

_Demila alone could probably murder me with a twist of her wrist. What the hell would all the other Psions do? Stand around and jerk each other off?_

He pauses.

_...Do Psions jerk off? That's a weird question. I don't ever want it answered. Alien junk is none of my business!_

He returns to observing the research facility beneath him. After some time, he realizes the goings-on in the chamber are not actually as sensitive as he first thought. As it turns out, these Technopaths aren't even particularly high-ranking, not are they very skilled. Many of them seem quite amateurish, and their work almost entirely consists of repairing and building maintenance robots like the ones Jason has passed several times now.

Jason watches as several Technopaths fumble with their tools, turning to older and seemingly wiser Technopaths beside them. After receiving advice and guidance, they return to their duties.

After several more minutes, Jason begins to notice other peculiarities. While all Technopaths eschew wearing clothing in favor of modding their bodies with as much metal and circuitry as possible, the quality of the parts used varies drastically. Shinier, fancier-looking parts correlate strongly with older and more advanced Technopaths. He quickly becomes capable of distinguishing many of the senior mechanics from their junior counterparts.

_Maybe this is a training facility?_ Jason ponders.

With a shrug of his shoulders, the Wordsmith drops to the ground level, then heads toward a random doorway, mixing among the stream of Technopaths pouring in and out of that particular entryway.

While Jason has no ability to read the floorplans, translate the Volgrim language, or even understand the greater purpose of this strange facility, he does intuit that following the greatest flow of Technopaths should lead him somewhere interesting.

Not much time later, Jason passes by several resting areas, but not exactly 'bedrooms.' He peeps out their insides, finding various 'bays' where Technopaths can stand inside and 'dock' their bodies to receive power from some unknown location, recharging themselves for their next round of duties.

He also passes Nutritional Stations, where the Technopath worker drones can consume basic nutrients to keep their mortal bodies healthy. Surprisingly, no matter how high or low-ranked a Technopath, they all eat the same tasteless nutrients, completely forgoing the joy of eating good food.

Jason's stomach churns. _I'd kill myself if I had to live a life like this._

Eventually, Jason finds that the ambient psionic energy in the air is growing stronger. He focuses his soul-vision and discovers that he has started approaching the outer perimeter of a huge lake of souls, all of them contained within a disturbingly compact area through a large pair of closed doors.

Jason approaches the double-doors. Before he can reach them, they open up to reveal half a dozen maintenance bots, as well as a handful of Technopaths. The assorted group exits the room, while another enters, phasing through Jason's body without ever noticing his presence.

When the doors open, Jason finally gets a look inside the room. Upon finally obtaining visual confirmation of the 'gathering of Psions,' Jason finds himself... _confused._

He sees tens of thousands of souls, but upon entering the room, Jason blinks several times in disbelief. He arrives inside what he can only mentally describe as a 'warehouse of containers.'

Tens of thousands of dodecahedral orbs, tightly interlocked, rest inside rows and columns of reinforced steel girders holding them in place. They stack on top of, in front of, and behind one another, with no end in sight.

Jason flies into the air, a mere hundred feet off the ground, yet the jam-packed assembly of spheres rises all the way to the tippy-top of the room, spreading out through many different 'shelves' all tightly lined with only narrow gaps for individuals to walk between them.

Jason blinks repeatedly, as if trying to clear a cloud of film obscuring his eyes.

_What the fuck? What even is this place?_

He hovers over to one of the dodecahedral orbs at random. When he peers inside of it without getting too close, he senses a faint but powerful aura of psionic energy contained within. At the same time, he also easily makes out the shapeless 'soul' contained within.

Slowly, Jason's face screws up into an unfamiliar expression.

_This... this is a Psion's soul? And it's inside a random orb-thing? What is it, a storage container of some sort?_

In slight disbelief, Jason checks out several other orbs, and all of them confirm the same thing. Each orb contains a Psion's soul, though what their identities might be, he isn't certain. There appears to be Volgrim writing etched into one of the face-up sides of each orb, but he sure as hell can't read it.

Somewhere down the line, at the other end of the huge shelving unit, a Technopath on a hover-module levitates upward and stops before one of the tens of thousands of metal containers. With its compact size being about that of a basketball, the Technopath easily picks up one and examines it. He mutters something under his breath, then presses a series of command codes into his wrist-computer.

Jason levitates closer to get a better look at what the Technopath is doing. Before long, a robotic spider daintily climbs up the shelving units without disturbing the soul-orbs, then stops before the Technopath.

"Beep beep boop beep boop."

It speaks a series of unintelligible beeping noises, to which the Technopath simply nods. He hands the orb to the robot, which then skitters away. As it leaves, the Technopath levitates upward and to the left, where it plucks out another orb, then calls another drone to its position. Like before, that drone takes the orb, and the Technopath continues to another orb.

Fascinated, Jason begins following the spider-drones. He passes out of the 'soul container warehouse,' as he's taken to calling it, and pursues the drones as they carry their bounty toward a location elsewhere in the facility.

Not too much time later, Jason's heart skips a beat. He follows the drone into a facility truly alien in nature, one which holds all manner of strange and exotic floating crystals, eerie deep-blue lighting, and some sort of electrical storm pulsing along the edges of the room. Thunderous _booms_ detonate in the air, and Jason's eyes flick to the center of the room, where a procession of drones forms a line leading up to what Jason can only describe as a series of one hundred altars.

Each 'altar' features a blackened table-like surface with a hole in the center clearly designed to fit something of the exact size and shape as the soul-orbs. Jason hangs back at the entrance, feeling as if entering this room too deeply would be a terrible idea on his part.

He watches as a robot nearest one of the altars walks over, places the orb it is carrying inside the 'slot' on that altar, then draws a few steps back. The spider-machine faces the altar without any emotion, following its programming as commanded.

After that robot and ninety-nine others have placed their orbs into the relevant slots, they all draw back, seemingly waiting for something to happen.

Before long, a terrific and violent _bang_ of thunder crashes down upon the first altar, scaring the goddamn shit out of Jason. The Wordsmith visibly flinches as, every second, another thunderbolt smites the next altar, and then the next one, and the next one after that!

Each second, for 100 seconds, bolts of thunder fall down and strike the altars, agitating the souls inside of the soul-containers. When the thunder finally stops, along with the ringing in Jason's soul-ears, the room becomes quiet.

And then...

_Crack. Crack. Crack._

Each of the soul-containers splits in half.

One by one, they crack open and fall apart, allowing the normally-invisible souls inside to shine brightly and flash with light!

The spider-bots at the bottom of the stairs remain motionless as a strange event takes place. The psionic souls burst into reality and take physical form, levitating into the air and morphing into one hundred Psion bodies. Their ages and physical features differ, but the one trait they all share is their complete lack of clothing, a sight that makes Jason wince.

_Guess that answers that. No alien junk down there..._

After two full minutes of growing a flesh-body out of seemingly nothing, the Psions levitate down from the sky, fall to the floor, and collapse in a heap, unmoving.

Jason widens his eyes. _What? Are they dead?_

The robots walk up to the collapsed Psions. They extend various sensor modules out of their frames to inspect the newly-created bodies, then wrap their spindly limbs around the unconscious Volgrim. They lift them up and begin carrying them out of the chamber, each Psion still unconscious and unable to move.

Jason observes the whole experience with stupidly wide eyes.

_This... is this some kind of birthing facility? Maybe the Psions here are being created for the first time? But... it doesn't quite match up with what Kordonis told me about how Psions are created... and that last batch felt like they were 3rd or 4th Level... not exactly brand new initiates..._

Jason watches as another two rituals take place, each one identical to the first batch he watched. One hundred Psions grow new bodies, fall to the floor, and get carted off, an additional hundred following them.

With robotic efficiency, whatever the ritual does, it does so with unerring efficiency, making Jason deeply narrow his eyes.

_What exactly have I stumbled into?_