Part 756: Timothy's Trial

_Far-Future Era. Day 20, AJR. Chrona._

Timothy, Paimon, Ferral and Raavul were all frozen on the spot, completely floored as they looked at the Chrona that stretched out before them. It looked similar to the one they left only a week before, except far, far more advanced.

Numerous large buildings rose up into the sky. If the city had looked like a small town with a couple tall residential apartments in the past, now it looked more like a modernized city with offices, giant warehouses, roads, and even train tracks.

In the skies above, there were swarms of hundreds of drones buzzing about, boxes full of various objects being flown around from place to place. Long conveyor belts criss-crossed in the skies, carrying even more stuff around from place to place, as if Chrona had become a living shipping facility and these conveyor belts were its blood veins.

The city looked like it had leaped forward an entire epoch in advancement. Timothy and the others were so shocked that for thirty long seconds, they couldn't move a muscle and were simply looking around in bewilderment.

That was until a voice suddenly shouted. "There they are!"

Timothy shook himself out of his stupor. He looked down to see a pair of armored male crocodilian warriors approaching him, their postures alert and their eyes wary. Soon, dozens more crocodiles hurried over, all of them armed with guns and melee weapons as they surrounded the group.

"Huh? What the hell is this?" Paimon asked. "The heroes return home and this is our welcoming party?"

"Quiet!" A male crocodile said, striding into view. He was a tall male named Remus, the seventh son of Kar and Blinker, one of the second generation crocodiles who commanded a lot of prestige. Based on his uniform, he appeared to be the leader of a police force inside Chrona. "Don't make any sudden moves, Timothy, nor the rest of you either. Graugh! We have questions for you!"

Timothy's mind revolved quickly. With his Mind of Logic active, he could already piece together that something had gone wrong, and the crocodiles surrounding him were unusually hostile.

Naturally, one conclusion leaped to mind.

"Are you treating us like this because of something Marigold said?" Timothy asked mildly.

"Watch yourself, softskin." Remus said, hardening his gaze. "You brutalized my great grand-daughter. Graugh... don't you dare try to slander her, thinking I'll let you get away with it."

"Brutalized?" Timothy asked. "It's you who should be choosier with your words. Don't you think you're being biased, only hearing one side of the story?"

"I can put two and two together!" Remus snapped. "Marigold was beaten and battered, a terrible burn mark melted across her chest. She told us you attacked her, and based on how there isn't a scratch on any of you, even an idiot can tell she was telling the truth!"

"Where is my mother?" Timothy asked. "I want to speak to her. And Blinker and Kar."

"Don't you worry, they're on the way." Remus said. "The Techmancer is very busy, but I'm sure she'll spare some time for her fallen progeny."

Timothy blinked. _Techmancer?_

Before long, another group of people arrived. Among them were Raavul's other students, Fiona, Blinker, Kar, and Marigold, along with her mother, father, and immediate family.

Timothy looked at his mother. On any other day, he would have grinned and smiled, running over to her with happiness. But Timothy was in the state of Mind of Logic, so his emotions were completely muted.

"Mom." Timothy said simply. "Can you tell me what's going on? How long have we been gone? What happened to Chrona."

Fiona also, under other circumstances, would have run over and hugged Timothy tightly. It was obvious to everyone in Timothy's party that a lot of time had passed, and there's no way Fiona wouldn't have been worried sick. For her not to burst into a smile and rush over to hug him... what the hell had Marigold told everyone?

Fiona maintained a calm and stoic expression. She looked the same as before, but there was something slightly otherworldly about her appearance. Timothy couldn't quite put his finger on what had changed, but Fiona's body seemed more ghostly and transparent then before, but also far firmer and more corporeal. It was a contradiction that made no sense.

"Timothy..." Fiona said slowly, as she took a few steps forward, glanced at Remus, and nodded. She returned her attention to her son. "You've been gone for ten months. A lot has changed in Chrona as a result of my abilities. And with regards to the situation here... why don't you tell us what happened inside the Dungeon?"

_Ten months._

Timothy was surprised for a variety of reasons. He hadn't expected seven days in the dungeon to translate into ten months inside of Chrona. He was even more surprised that Chrona had drastically changed so much after less than a year of work. Even a hundred years with Jason around hadn't changed it so much. Just what the hell had his mother been doing?

"No. We cannot let the fiend spin his lies before all these people." Marigold's father said. "He's been corrupted by the Dark Ones. Just listen to how he speaks! Graugh! This creature before us does not talk in the way Timothy did before he left! It's as if an alien has possessed his mind!"

Murmurs went up among the crowd of crocodiles. Timothy wasn't the most outgoing person, but as the son of Jason, plenty of crocodiles knew and had interacted with him over the years. Everyone knew he was a somewhat reticent boy, shy, certainly awkward. He often stumbled over his words and lacked confidence. Why did he have such a cunning light in his eyes now? How could he remain calm with all these weapons pointed at him? Was this really the same person they had known from a year before?

Blinker cleared her throat. "Actually, Timothy is probably talking like this because-"

"Grandmother, there is no need for you to make excuses for him!" Marigold's father interrupted. "Let him tell his side of the story, and we will compare it with what my daughter told us!"

"Did you just interrupt me, you disrespectful little scale-brain?!" Blinker suddenly screamed, startling Marigold's father. "Don't think I won't slap the crap out of you, young mister! I'll beat you black and blue if you try pulling a stunt like that again!!"

Marigold's father immediately shrank his neck and cowered. The other crocodiles nearby also took a step back. Blinker was, still, the undisputed most powerful existence in Chrona. When she got angry, not one of her descendants had the courage to run their mouths glibly.

"G-graugh. C-calm down, Mother." Remus quickly soothed. "I'm sure my grandson meant no disrespect. We just want to hear Timothy's side of the story. If we give him too much information, he could alter it to hide certain details."

Blinker opened her mouth to say something, then closed it after a moment and crossed her arms angrily.

"Fine! Timmy, you'd better tell us every single thing that happened in that Dungeon. I expect the others to chime in too if Timmy missed anything!"

Paimon and the rest nodded slowly.

[Of course.] Ferral said. [There seems to be a... misunderstanding. We would be happy to clear the matter up.]

[Whether or not this 'misunderstanding' is a simple one, or a series of intentional fabrications, that is still up for debate.] Raavul added, directing an emotionless look Marigold's way.

Not one person on Timothy's side thought for a second that Marigold hadn't spun a tall tale to fool the crocodiles. The only problem was, they didn't know what she had said. And indeed, because she was still badly wounded, and Timothy's party didn't have a scratch on them, she certainly looked quite pitiable as she deliberately made herself smaller. It looked like something had happened inside Po's library, where Timothy and the others had brutally attacked Marigold and she barely escaped with her life.

At least, that was the story Timothy logically assumed had been told to everyone present.

Timothy cleared his throat. "Honestly, I was hoping for a shower and food, but if you insist, I'll tell you what happened from start to end."

And so he began to talk.

Timothy first told the people present about the mechanics of the Dungeon and how his group had only been inside for a week while ten months had passed inside Chrona. He discussed the dungeon mechanics, the arrival in the Dark Forest, and the terrifying creatures that had been inside.

The crocodiles felt their blood boil with a hint of excitement as Timothy weaved a tale about the exciting and scary creatures in the Dungeon. Crocodiles were natural warriors, so the thought of fighting such powerful existences made them feel anticipation instead of fear. They imagined themselves fighting these Dark Stalkers rather than running away, like the cowardly Timothy did.

Eventually, Timothy got to the midpoint of the story, and that was when he noticed the crocodiles had started listening with more solemn expressions, as if trying to pick out any key details.

"You said her name was Sylphid." Remus interrupted at one point. "Graugh. How did you feel toward this... Emissary of the Dark Ones?"

Timothy blinked. "She was attractive, but I was with Marigold at the time and didn't put myself in any compromising situations."

Remus glanced at Marigold and raised his eyebrow, then he looked back at Timothy.

"Interesting."

That was all he said. The lack of a reaction made Timothy raise his guard internally. He'd already started to guess at what Marigold had told the others.

He continued his story. Eventually, he reached the part where Sylphid invited him into Cthulhu's Sanctum. This time, it was Blinker who interrupted.

"You idiot! Why would you go with her all by yourself?? She was an Emissary of the Dark Ones! You really expect us to believe you had no feelings for her after making a dumb decision like that?!"

Timothy's eyes dimmed, ever so slightly. "I had my reasons. It wasn't as if the others posed a threat to her even if they tagged along, and I didn't want to upset her or cause her to turn hostile."

Marigold's father snorted. "Doubtful! Thinking with your second head, it seems your feelings for her were not as platonic as you claimed!"

Timothy squinted his eyes a little. Was this the angle Marigold had gone? Saying Timothy betrayed Chrona because he fell in love with Sylphid and betrayed her? It was a little far-fetched, and despite her father's blunt words, the other crocodiles still seemed to be on the fence. They weren't fully convinced yet.

Timothy continued the story. That was when something drastically changed in the atmosphere.

"You used your game powers to reverse her mental attack? Well played!" Blinker said. "You really taught that evil bitch a lesson! It seems Marigold wasn't being entirely forthcoming!"

"Well..." Timothy said, his heart slightly sinking. "That was until Faceless showed up. She and I had to combine our strengths to defeat him."

"Oh?" Remus asked, a strange expression on his face. "And how did you manage to do that?"

"Well, I quickly leveled up my eye powers and attacked him." Timothy explained. "First I attacked his mind to lower his guard, then I blasted him with Yredelemnul's Rage-"

"Kyargh, there it is!!" Marigold suddenly screamed, interrupting Timothy and drawing everyone's attention to her. "I told you, daddy! That was the power of the Dark Ones he used! He didn't have that power until he went into the Sanctum with Sylphid, then when he came back out, he did! Doesn't that sound strange to you? To anyone else?!"

Timothy couldn't help but glare at Marigold. Her interruption came at the worst time.

Unfortunately, his glare was seen by the crocodiles, and that caused their thoughts to travel even further beyond what Marigold had just said.

"It all adds up!" Remus exclaimed. "We don't really know what happened after he entered Cthulhu's Sanctum. Look at the way he's speaking now! That Dark One must have corrupted him and secretly taken control of his mind, or maybe enslaved him. Are we really going to take his word on what happened in there?"

"Now, now hold on." Paimon interrupted. "You need to let Timothy finish. There's still more to the story."

[Indeed.] Raavul added. [Interrupting his story to create a false narrative is despicable behavior.]

Remus hesitated, then took a step back and nodded. "I think I speak for most when I say anything beyond this point should have all the details scoured. But yes, please continue."

A few moments of silence followed. Timothy decided to continue telling the full truth, and so he detailed his attack on Faceless, the revelations about Cthulhu, and other such matters. He and Sylphid fled the sanctum, then they joined up with the others.

By the time Timothy got to the part where he fought and defeated Faceless a second time, the gazes of the crocodiles had shifted greatly from their starting points. It seemed the more Timothy explained, the more they distrusted him.

"That power is quite incredible." Remus said solemnly. "It sounds like it could even threaten my mother."

"Are you implying I would attack my aunt?" Timothy snipped back. "I'm not a servant of the Dark Ones. I just have this power because of my game abilities. It helped me get past their detection and ultimately fight our way out to escape. Without it, we'd all probably be dead, including Marigold."

Timothy continued a little further, and eventually he got to the point where his group exited the Dungeon, and Sylphid died. A faint look of sadness passed over his face, something all the crocodiles were easily able to see.

"Fool!" Blinker shouted. "I'm not buying this whole narrative about you being enslaved by the Dark Ones, but at this point even I can see you had feelings for Sylphid! Do you know what level of idiocy that entails? Those evil, evil monsters nearly wiped out my people! They're disgusting filth, and cannot be trusted in the slightest! How stupid were you to try and bring her back to Chrona?!"

"If he was enslaved or otherwise beguiled by the Dark One, it would explain a lot." Remus quickly pointed out. "Look at it this way, mother. Timothy is acting strangely, his words are different from before, he seemed to immediately fall in love with Sylphid right from the start, and that whole bit about her pledging to be his slave? Utterly ridiculous. It feels more like a play put on by the two of them to fool his companions. Why would she weaken herself before coming here? She clearly planned to use her superior strength to kill you and take out the rest of us, establishing a base of operations for the Dark Ones inside the Milky Way. We're lucky she died before she could come here!"

Blinker frowned. "Some of what you said makes a little sense, I guess... it all does feel a little too convenient."

"Convenient? It's the truth!" Paimon said. "The three of us will confirm it."

Blinker gave Paimon a strange look. "Paimon, you're Timothy's Pawn, yes? So if he gives you a direct order, you have to follow it."

"Well, yes, but Timothy's never done anything of the sort, aside from ordering me not to hurt his friends, which I wouldn't have done anyway." Paimon protested.

"And Ferral, you're Timothy's best friend, so you might cover for him in the event he was spinning a tall tale." Blinker added.

[If Timothy were truly beguiled by Sylphid, then he would not be Timothy anymore.] Ferral simply answered. [If my friend is not of sound mind, I would speak out against any lies he uttered.]

"So you say." Blinker replied. "And Raavul, you're Ferral's teacher, so it's also possible you would lie about Timothy for Ferral's sake."

[Preposterous.] Raavul flatly answered. [How poorly do you think of us Psions? We are warriors, not deceivers. I would not taint my honor by uttering falsehoods. It would cause my Psionic Seed to break apart if I went against my convictions.]

"I recall Demila was quite the deceiver." Blinker simply said.

Raavul didn't have a retort for that. Indeed, Demila had made it clear Psions could lie and deceive, just like any other species. It wasn't as if they were arbiters of morality, pure paladins of the light incapable of uttering falsehoods.

Timothy finished his story, detailing how Marigold attacked him. By this point, the looks of the crocodiles had firmly set in place. It seemed preposterous, the idea of Marigold brutally attacking Timothy out of nowhere. Why, because mere jealousy? Because she'd planned to steal Timothy's game powers all for herself? She had those powers before they entered the Dungeon. She could have easily left him without needing to go on the attack! Didn't it sound far less likely than Timothy and the others wanting to shut Marigold up before she could spill the beans?

Only Marigold's father flashed a faint look of dissatisfaction his daughter's way. He wasn't an idiot. He'd raised her from the moment her egg hatched, and he knew she wasn't exactly... the most _upright_ crocodile.

But, even so. For her to attack Timothy and the others when she clearly held such deep affection for him and even let him take her virginity, it didn't seem likely she'd done the things Timothy had claimed.

"Now that Timothy's done with his story," Fiona said, speaking for the first time in several minutes, "there do seem to be some important details missing you've all overlooked. Timothy is indeed acting differently from normal, but it's not because his mind was corrupted by the Dark Ones. It's because he's activated his Mind of Logic. He mentioned that at the end, though he didn't explain it well. It effectively disables his emotions and allows him to think purely logically."

Blinker's eyes lit up. "That's right, I trained Timothy and the others for two months. We practiced using Timothy's different Mind Modes, and the Mind of Logic is really useful for logical thinking and stuff. His Mind of Void was also used in that sanctum fight, and it had a great effect too."

"Assuming the sanctum fight happened as he described." Remus retorted. "Graugh! I find too many parts of his story unbelievable. I don't think we can trust his words anymore."

"Neither do I." Another crocodile chimed in.

"He's lying! Kyargh!" A different crocodile shouted.

Multiple voices chimed in. Before long, the situation became clear... Marigold's narrative had won out. None of the crocodiles trusted Timothy, and they were also looking at his three friends with a great deal of suspicion as well.

Timothy frowned, and Marigold smirked. She'd barely had to say anything since the impromptu trial started, but her efforts before his arrival had laid a firm groundwork.

"Oh?" Fiona eventually said, silencing the crowd. "And what exactly do you intend to do about it? Are you going to lock him up? Execute him? Because I know my son, and he's telling the truth. It's clear to me Marigold lied, and she wove this whole story to cover her tail."

"Ridiculous!" Marigold's father quickly replied. "Do you really expect us to believe your son was smitten on sight by that Dark One succubus and he was merely bringing her to Chrona despite knowing the risks... all because he simply fell in love with her? He already had a partner! At the very least, it shows a lack of morals and ethics for him to betray my daughter like that, but the most likely explanation is that some sort of mental trickery was cast on him! He's still defending Sylphid even now!"

Fiona groaned. That embarrassing episode with her son peeping on woman and girls across the galaxy had been buried, so only she and a few others knew her son could be quite lecherous. If anything, Fiona knew he definitely would have been gullible enough to fall for Sylphid's pretty face. Fiona had no idea what Sylphid looked like, but she could make a few guesses. Her son certainly wasn't _racist_ and he stared like a dog at any remotely attractive female that entered his vision.

But this wasn't the time or the place to debate such things. Fiona was a little disappointed in her son for falling for the whims of a Dark One, but he was a young man, so he was bound to make mistakes. She could tell Sylphid's death and Marigold's attack had deeply hurt him. As his mother, it was her job to protect her little boy, so she walked over and stood beside him, putting her arm over his shoulder.

"Enough." Fiona finally said. "I can't force you all to change your minds. It's clear to me that Marigold has spun a web of lies, and you've fallen for her words. But I know my son, and he's not the person she's made him out to be. If you want to come after him, you'll have to go through me."

"And me!" Blinker said, as she flew over to Timothy's side. "You guys had better not try anything, or I'll beat your butts into the dirt!"

The crocodiles looked at their mother with apprehension. None of them were remotely strong enough to face her in battle, and even their warrior hearts wavered, knowing she could thrash ten of them silly without lifting a finger.

But just because Blinker was strong, that didn't mean she was their god. The crocodiles looked at their ancestor with great respect, but in this instance, they 'realized' she had been fooled by the young man. She was clearly too close to the situation, too attached to Timothy for her own good.

"Mother, please." Remus pleaded. "I know you are wise enough to see through the young man's lies. He went into that Sanctum with the Dark One alone and came out with her supposedly pledging to be his slave. Doesn't that strike you as odd? And what of his mastery of the Dark One's power? Does Yredelemnul's might not frighten you? If Timothy were to attack you when you weren't expecting it, he might badly injure or even kill you. You can't trust him!"

Blinker hesitated. "It's... it's true I hate the Dark Ones. All fairies do. But I'm telling you, that little hussy Marigold is lying! Even if I wouldn't trust Sylphid in the slightest, she's dead, and Timothy is acting well within the bounds of what I've seen him do before. He's just talking this way because of his Mind Mode!"

Her words fell on deaf ears. The crocodiles wouldn't budge on distrusting Timothy, and Blinker's knowledge of the extra details only made it sound as if she was too invested in Timothy personally. Of course she would never turn against him, she still saw him as her cute little nephew, and not a villain lurking in the shadows, waiting to strike.

"Hurgh..." Kar eventually said, clearing his throat and drawing the gazes of everyone present. "Game Boy is a funny kid. Him falling for a cute Dark One is only to be expected. After all, he's a hot-blooded male! What male would not be interested in such a fine and mighty female? Of course, the matter of him cheating on my great-great-granddaughter is not good either. I choose to believe in Game Boy's version of the story, but I am still somewhat disappointed in the choices he made."

Another person spoke for the first time. It was Rebecca, who had not said a word since the impromptu trial began.

"I've known Timothy since he was born." Rebecca said plainly. "I find that his version of events is probably the most likely. However, I agree with the crocodiles here, in that the part where he entered the Sanctum is extremely suspicious. Too many coincidences lined up for him to obtain that power boost with his powers. It certainly is possible things happened just as he said, but if he truly did fall under the spell of Sylphid, perhaps as some sort of wicked plan by the Dark Ones to infiltrate the Milky Way, then I have to express my alarm here."

She continued. "I would place the possibility of the events inside Cthulhu's Sanctum happening as Timothy described at 40/60, with a 40% chance he's telling the complete truth, and a 60% chance he's omitted key details or heavily fabricated certain parts of the story. I lean more toward minor details being omitted, but I would be lying if I said Timothy's sudden attachment to the power of Yredelemnul didn't worry me. That alone gives me cause for concern."

Timothy gave Rebecca a long look. He had always seen her as another surrogate aunt, someone he could trust, but she was a lifeform almost as emotionless as the Psions. He never expected her to take a stance against him, but when she laid out the facts as presented, his story did feel difficult to believe. If even she felt this way, what of the crocodiles who didn't know him well?

Thus, a stalemate followed. Timothy didn't have a lot of people on his side, but the ones defending him were the leaders of Chrona, and Blinker was the strongest entity in the entire dimension. With her protecting him, the crocodiles wouldn't dare to make a move.

"How about this?" Rebecca eventually said. "I am a relatively neutral observer in this clash. I don't particularly care one way or the other whether Timothy is imprisoned or not, but I do care about the stability of Chrona. I will volunteer to keep a close eye on him over the coming period, and if he shows any signs of plotting against us, I will... take immediate action."

Her words caused Remus to shiver. She said it so matter-of-factly, his imagination ran wild. What sort of action would Rebecca take? He didn't know, and neither did the others. But since she was a cyborg, she must possess a lot of strength. She could probably suppress Timothy in an instant.

"That... sounds acceptable to me." Remus said. "Naturally, we crocodiles only fear that if he is unsupervised, Timothy might-"

**BOOM!!!**

Chrona suddenly shook as a powerful force struck it from somewhere unknown. Timothy's heart jumped. Everyone flinched and looked around, some more scared than others at the unexpected and violent interruption.

Several eyes fell on Timothy. The crocodiles immediately suspected he must behind this... attack! It had to be an attack!

Before anyone could voice their thoughts, the space just twenty feet away from Timothy distorted. A violent eruption of energy ripped Chrona's dimensional stability apart, revealing an ominous, sinister energy that poured into Chrona and made all the crocodiles pale with fright.

Nobody was more shocked than Timothy. He recognized the aura of that power immediately.

It belonged to Yredelemnul!

"What- what the fuck?!" Timothy shouted, his voice shaking. Even the Mind of Void couldn't suppress the emotions of shock and fear that seized his heart.

The energy quickly coalesced. Within seconds, it solidified into a pitch black swirling portal of darkness that grew until it was the size of two men stacked on top of and beside each other.

Everyone drew their weapons and pointed them at the portal. Seconds later, four armored figures leaped through wielding halberds forged from star-iron. These four figures flew out of the portal and stomped their feet on the ground, quickly surveying the situation and fanning out to point their weapons in every direction. They all appeared to be female, and they had dainty, beautiful butterfly-like wings on their back.

Blinker looked at them in surprise. "What? They're..."

Four more armored figures flew in, equipped with magical staves and shields, followed by four more equipped with greatbows. Finally, one last figure entered, someone with a powerful aura that rose to the same heights as Blinker herself. The figure's long white hair fell from behind her helmet. She swept her gaze around, then locked her attention on Timothy.

"It's him!" The figure shouted. "He's the one!"

Timothy took a step back as the armored warriors pointed their halberds, staves, and bows at him. A prickling sensation spread across Timothy's skin as he felt an acute sense of danger taking over his mind.

Death. He was about to die!

"Wait, wait!" Blinker shouted. "Fairy Queen Calanthra??"

The leading figure with the white hair paused, then turned her head to follow the source of the voice.

"Monster Queen Blinker?" Calanthra asked uncertainly. "What are you doing in this den of evil?"

Blniker was bewildered. "Den of evil? I don't understand. Please lower your weapons! Why are you threatening Timothy?"

"Timothy?" Calanthra shot back, turning to look at the fairly diminutive young man she had identified from before. "Is that what this creature calls itself? It's nothing more than a spawn of the Dark Ones! I traced the flow of Yredelemnul's power to this location. This must be Yredelemnul's Inheritor!"

The crocodiles looked at Calanthra with wide eyes, then they shot ferocious glares at Timothy.

So it was true! The little bastard was lying, and he nearly managed to escape! Luckily, the fairy queen herself arrived to execute him, saving their lives!

"No, no, what are you even saying?" Blinker asked, quickly teleporting in front of Timothy and raising her hands to create a barrier of energy. "This is a misunderstanding! Timothy is Jason Hiro's son! You've got it all wrong!"

"The Wordsmith?" Calanthra asked, her tone shifting slightly. "He's the Wordsmith's son?"

"Yes!" Blinker answered.

Calanthra narrowed her eyes. "Even if that's true... surely you can sense the aura of evil spewing from his body! He's been taken over by Yredelemnul! Don't defend the enemy of our people, Blinker! He'll backstab you before you know it!"

Like this, a standoff occurred as Blinker started to sweat. She had firmly been on Timothy's side before, but she had a deep respect for Calanthra. For her to appear here all of a sudden, could it be true? Was Timothy the creature she claimed him to be? A vile monster walking around in human skin?!

The fact Timothy was standing right behind Blinker suddenly made her even more nervous. What if Calanthra was right? It wasn't as if she had been lied to by Marigold as well. Calanthra was well-versed in the auras of the Dark Ones as well. If she said Timothy was one of them, what the hell kind of defense could she offer? Would Timothy attack her from behind, cutting her down with his eye-lasers due to her naivete?

Like this, the situation in Chrona reached a crisis point, putting everyone on edge.

Nobody knew what would happen next.