Part 707: A Woman Now

_January 29th, 2021. Aevum._

The next morning, Jason approached his father. Hideki was lounging on the couch again, watching the final episode of some sitcom from the 70's.

"Dad-" Jason started to say, but Hideki quickly raised a hand.

"No. Go away. The kid'll be fine."

"Have we had this conversation bef-"

"Yup."

Hideki cut his son off without explanation, frustrating Jason immensely. The guilt he felt for what he'd done to Nadia was overwhelming. What did his dad mean by 'she would be okay'? What constituted 'okay'? Because it sure looked like Jason had left Nadia traumatized and fearful.

Just as Jason was about to leave, Hideki turned his eyes to look at Jason, then he spoke up. "Since I'm about to finish this show, I'll only say this once. Son, right now we're on my first loop. Once I see how everything pans out, I might rewind all or some of the way back to the beginning, the day when you locked me in to this new timeline."

"Your first loop?" Jason asked.

"That's right. Any time I reach the end of my natural life, or the end of what used to be the 'end goal', ie; the destruction of Earth, once I rewound all the way back to the beginning, that was _one_ loop. We're still on my first one. I'm currently seeing how everything pans out before I decide whether to go back or not."

Jason stared at his father. "Are you saying you might _not_ rewind time at the end?"

Hideki sighed.

"Jason. I spent so much time trying to save the Earth, and I sort of failed, but then I succeeded when you rewound. I don't want to do all that crap again from the start. I'm tired. I just want to watch my granddaughter grow up, see how things turn out, and then make my decision at the end. If you end up saving the Earth, albeit imperfectly, I'll just leave it like that. I'm not going to bother trying to save everyone. There's going to be losses, people suffering major ill effects, and so on. If it takes a couple of loops to figure out a few key details that will allow you to save humanity, then so be it."

Hideki closed his eyes.

"But I'm done with perfection. I'm aiming for 'good enough' and don't you even bother trying to motivate me beyond that. Don't come running to me, wanting me to fix fuckups on your end. Unless you or Daisy ends up dying, I don't care who else does."

Jason pursed his lips. "But Nadia is just a kid, dad."

"So? Everyone is just a kid at some point. She'll be an adult someday. Depending on how you grade things, spending seventy three years in that simulation technically makes her an old woman. Mentally, at the least."

Jason hadn't told his dad how long Nadia had been in the time loop. Not this rewind, anyway. He must have done so in a previous one. Jason was getting used to his dad knowing stuff Jason was about to tell him.

For some reason, Hideki's words made Jason feel a little better. He wasn't sure why, but Hideki's logic seemed to make Jason's nerves ease up a little bit.

"I see. Thanks, dad." Jason muttered, before turning away.

After Jason left, Hideki clicked play on his sitcom and went back to consuming the content.

...

Some time later, Jason entered the dormitories. He walked over to the female half, then paused outside for a long time.

Jason hung his head. He wanted to knock, to go inside, to see how Nadia was doing.

But he didn't feel that he deserved to know. He had screwed her up. He had ruined her life and locked her inside a simulation for 73 years.

She was a teenager when she entered. With no real social contact, she had been living with fake people for what felt like tens of real years. Her RealitySim had been supercharged to such a level that it had spun up way outside of anyone's expectations. Jason hadn't taken more than ten to fifteen seconds to wake her up after attaching the MindCore to her Mind Realm, but those seconds ended up becoming a lifetime's worth of trauma.

Suddenly, the door opened, startling Jason. Daisy stood in the doorway.

"Dad..." Daisy said, noticing the poorly concealed pain on his face. "Come in. Nadia's been waiting for you."

"She has?" Jason asked. "That's hard to believe."

Daisy sighed. She gestured inside, and Jason followed her.

When he entered, Jason was surprised to see Nadia and Sasha sitting at a small table. Nadia calmly sipped some tea. She smiled when Jason walked over.

"Hey." Jason said.

"Hey." Nadia replied.

A moment of hesitation later, Nadia carefully motioned with her hand to the chair on her right. Jason chose to sit on the opposite side of the table. When he sat, Sasha and Daisy left the room, allowing Jason and Nadia to remain together, alone. This was outside his expectations.

"I'm... I'm so sorry." Jason said quietly. "I don't even know what to say, or where to begin."

"A lot has happened." Nadia said softly. "Jason, I'm sorry too.. I said some... some really terrible things. I didn't know this was reality. I thought I was still in the simulation."

"I know." Jason answered. "But it's only natural you'd hate me so much after what I did to you. Don't pretend you were making things up just so you won't hurt my feelings now. I deserve your hatred."

Nadia shook her head.

"Jason, you really don't know me that well. The others do. I realized I was trapped in a simulation within the first week. You know how my powers work. I am able to comprehend things extremely well, and my powers worked just fine inside my Mind Realm."

Nadia licked her lips thoughtfully.

"I immediately realized something had gone wrong with the surgery. I first hallucinated exiting surgery and talking to you about how things had gone. Everything seemed to have ended well, but at the end of the day, time rewound, and I woke up back in the surgery room."

She continued. "For a short time, I thought I might have somehow started rewinding time like Hideki. But I deduced that was extremely unlikely, and since my new MindCore was all about simulations, I started feeling afraid that I was trapped in a coma. I didn't know that my MindCore had drastically accelerated my perception of time."

Jason looked at her in surprise. "So your anger wasn't that you had been trapped..."

"Not at all. I started to think that every second spent in the false reality meant a second had passed in realspace. I thought I was trapped there with reality passing me by. I thought that if I was there long enough, all my real friends would grow old and die, or leave me behind in an unknown future."

"I spent the first several years trying to break the loop. I never succeeded." Nadia explained. "But then I found out that I could change what was being simulated by conversing with the other characters. It's a little hard to explain, but for some reason, I didn't possess 'administrator rights' over my MindCore. _You_ did. Well, your character in my dream, at least. Except your character kept treating me like a stupid little girl who didn't know the difference between my head and my toes, so I had to find ways to convince him to alter the parameters of the looping reality."

Jason listened quietly. He was surprised by Nadia's calmness, but now he understood why.

It was because after waking up, Nadia realized that no time had passed at all in the outside world. She hadn't been idly wasting her time away inside the simulation, but had previously been terrified and angry, thinking her friends would have moved on without her, or Earth might have fallen, or some other horrid circumstance might have come to pass! Instead, everything was okay, and her fears had ultimately proven unfounded.

"What sort of alterations did you make?" Jason asked.

"Well, I found out that the character of Jason in my simulation actually seemed to have all your knowledge." Nadia said. "So I had him teach me about the events of the future, and tell me everything he knew. Um. Well, I'm uh... I'm sorry to say this... but I know all about your Wordsmithing now. All the, um, secret details you haven't told anyone else."

Nadia looked away sheepishly, while Jason's pupils shrunk to pinpricks. His heart nearly stopped on the spot!

"H-how?!" Jason gasped. "How would the simulated version of myself..."

He paused. Then it dawned on him.

"It's because... when I made your MindCore, I _really_ poured my power into making your Mind Realm. It must have linked up my memories and placed them inside your Mind Realm."

Nadia nodded in embarrassment. "I wouldn't have pressured 'him' so much, but I was desperate to escape. I thought if I unraveled your abilities, I might find a loophole I could exploit to wake myself up."

Jason relaxed a little.

"It's fine, Nadia. I don't mind that you know. It's probably better if you do. I could use a smart person who knows my abilities on my side. If you don't hate me, that is."

Nadia smiled shyly. "Well, the simulations of everyone else were quite... crude. It became clear to me that the others were only, um, shallow recreations of their living selves. Only you felt real and genuine."

She crossed her arms and then looked away. "But anyway, um, so yeah. I started simulating the future events you knew and learned all kinds of crazy stuff. It seems your plans for the future go deeper than anyone here knows. I only yelled at you out of frustration, but I didn't mean any of those awful things I said. I'm sorry, Jason. I'm really sorry."

"I'm sorry too." Jason said, pressing his face into his palm. "I've only ever felt as awful as when you woke up and started screaming maybe two or three other times in my life."

Nadia looked at him. She seemed as if she wanted to say something, but then she decided not to.

Even Jason had no idea just how many of his rawest memories Nadia had seen and lived.

"I simulated a lot of things." Nadia said, changing the subject somewhat. "With your- I mean, Mind-Jason's help, I was able to create a simulation of Volgarius and explore it. I traveled around inside the future Labyrinth. I tried building new technology, but all my progress kept getting reset at the end of each 24 hour period. Also, sometimes Mind-Jason wouldn't work with me, and that happened around 40% of the time, so I ended up wasting a lot of days."

"Well, at least you didn't seem to go insane." Jason said. "...Right? Are you doing okay, mentally?"

"I think I'm okay." Nadia said softly. "But I'm still, _still_ not entirely sure if this is the real world. I keep thinking I'll wake up back on that operating chair. If I do, I might truly break this time..."

Sometimes, it was worse for someone who was suffering to experience a moment of pure joy and hope, especially if it was only going to be snuffed out by the same darkness as before. Luckily, Jason knew she had truly woken up. She was going to be okay.

"You said you don't have admin access." Jason pointed out. "Maybe I can fine-tune your RealitySim's settings?"

"Please do." Nadia immediately agreed. "I don't know if I'll fall asleep again and get locked into a new loop for an entire night. Based on what I've heard, I was only under the loop for fifteen Aevum-seconds. If it were an entire night, then..."

Jason swallowed heavily. She didn't say the last part, but he knew what she meant. It would probably end up feeling like hundreds of thousands, or perhaps even millions of years. The compounding effect of Aevum's time acceleration could apparently prove disastrous when paired with an overclocked MindCore.

Jason carefully stood up, then walked around the table to stand behind Nadia. When he reached out and touched both sides of Nadia's head, he felt her body tense up.

It didn't feel as if she were scared of his touch, but rather... something else. He couldn't put his finger on it.

Jason closed his eyes. He uttered a few Words of Power and identified the issues that had locked up her MindCore, then told her how to fix the issue. After making some crucial adjustments herself, Nadia finally obtained administrator rights, and she relaxed a little.

Jason started to walk back to the other side of the table, but he paused and instead sat in the chair on her right, like she had indicated earlier.

"Can you try activating a simulation again?" Jason asked.

Nadia didn't move. She shook slightly, becoming visibly fearful of the suggestion.

"I... I don't know if... if I can..." Nadia said softly.

"I'll be here with you this time." Jason said. "I won't let your MindCore trap you again."

Nadia looked at him with trusting eyes. She silently nodded, then Jason uttered a Word of Power.

His soul separated from his body, and he dove into her glabella. He helped her create a new simulation inside of her RealitySim, one which was small enough in scale that it would allow her to re-acclimate to properly simulating reality, yet big enough that it could feel substantial.

They decided to simulate Nadia's bedroom back on Earth. When they arrived, Nadia paused to look around.

"It's so... childish..." She muttered, before blushing in embarrassment. "I'm sorry. I haven't seen my room in a long time. This isn't who I am anymore..."

Jason glanced at the walls. Her room was mostly clean and tidy, but there were lots of posters of Russian techno boy bands, with young and hunky heartthrobs. Her shelves had figurines of various idols, and other stuff that marked her as a teenage girl.

"I didn't know you were into stuff like this." Jason commented idly.

Nadia shrugged. She picked up a figurine off the table. "I'm not. Not anymore. This is all from my childhood."

Jason's stomach sank. He stared at Nadia, wordless, for a few moments.

It was at this moment that it really hit him. She was just like him now. A fully matured adult, trapped in the body of a teenager. She had long grown out of so many things she enjoyed as a teenager that looking back at her room was totally alienating.

Sure, she had spent seventy-three years inside the same looping day, but there was no chance she hadn't grown up and matured at least a little. Especially with the MindCore drastically empowering her intelligence.

Nadia bit her lower lip. She gave Jason a strange look, with eyes that contained a mystery he didn't quite understand.

"I don't know how I'm going to face them." Nadia said.

"W-who?" Jason asked.

"Everyone." Nadia said, lowering her eyes. She fiddled with the figurine absentmindedly. "My mother and father. My friends out there. For you all, I went into an operating room one day ago. But for me, I've been out of contact with Daisy, Marco, and Sasha for seven decades. I stopped enjoying talking to their simulated selves a long time ago."

"Well... what do you like to do now, then?" Jason asked.

Nadia didn't look up from the floor.

"I... I like..."

She fell silent, unable to meet his gaze.

"...you were always there for me." Nadia said, after several moments of quiet. "You showed me a fantastical future. A world of aliens, and demons, angels, monsters. You showed me the galaxy. You entertained me, comforted me when I was on the verge of mentally breaking... you were the only one who was always there. The other simulated people were simply... hollow."

Jason felt his blood go cold. When Nadia looked at him, he finally recognized the look in her eyes.

It wasn't a bad look. It was, by all accounts, a deep sense of love and adoration. It was the look of a woman who had found her soulmate.

But there was just one problem.

"That... wasn't..." Jason started to say.

"It wasn't you. I know." Nadia said quietly. "It was your simulated self. And he reset every day. He reverted back to the you of now. I grew to love him more and more, to the point it hurt my heart when I remembered precious, shared memories which he never could."

"Nadia." Jason said, his tone even. "I'm truly sorry. What I've done to you is... it's unfair. It's really, really unfair."

"You don't love me back." Nadia said.

It wasn't a question. It was a statement, one confirmed by decades of knowledge.

"I already know." Nadia said, sighing to herself. She turned her head to look out the window at the simulated neighborhood outside of her house. The sun shone down on the flower gardens, vehicles parked in driveways, and dogs roaming around in their yards.

Jason's expression fell.

He didn't know what to do.

When he failed to speak, Nadia intervened. "You love your wife, Phoebe. Your simulated self spoke about her often. He even made me feel jealous with how much he loved her. I wished he would love me that much. Since I couldn't forge any permanent bonds with him... since he always forgot our shared experiences... our relationship never developed further. Perhaps it was for the better. He was only a fantasy, after all. But for seventy-three years, he didn't feel like one."

Jason massaged his elbow. He looked out the window as well, feeling deeply uncomfortable with the direction of the conversation, clueless as to what to say, and at a loss for what to do.

"You have to delete that... that fake Jason." Jason said. "You had no choice but to love him, or risk psychosis from loneliness. He's not real, though. He's just a delusion."

"You know, he said the same thing many times when I told him I loved him." Nadia said. "I cried a lot. Too many times. He never once looked at me as a woman. But I didn't care, because I prayed I would break free someday."

Nadia swallowed heavily.

"I love you, Jason." She said, turning to look at him. "I love you so much that I don't want you to force yourself to love me back. I know you feel deeply guilty about what happened to me. But you shouldn't. You should find Phoebe and save her. Don't hesitate or second guess your feelings just because of me. I'll stay here on the sidelines, hoping, praying, pining like a fool to see if you ever have room in your heart for me."

"I know it's hard." Jason said, uneasily meeting her gaze. "But you should try to move on."

"Oh, don't worry. I will." Nadia promised. "But right now, my biggest fear is that... after hearing everything I've said, you'll push me away. You won't force me to leave, will you?"

Jason immediately shook his head. "No! Of course not. If you want to stay in Aevum, you can. If you want to leave, you can. I owe you that much."

"Thank you, Jason." Nadia said, smiling beautifully. "I knew you'd say that... but I still had doubts. It seems I haven't learned any self-confidence after seventy-three years."

She paused. The room became quiet.

Nadia looked away. "You should go. I want to stay here for a while, by myself. I need to sort some things out."

Jason nodded. "Yeah. Of course. I'll go. If you aren't awake within sixty seconds, I'll check to make sure you're not trapped again."

"That won't be necessary. I have full control now." Nadia promised.

After exchanging a few more words, Jason silently withdrew, leaving Nadia alone. His soul departed from her Mind Realm, and she was once again alone.

She stood in the bedroom she'd lived in when she was a teenager, feeling like an old woman who stepped through a time machine.

"This isn't who I am anymore." Nadia said.

With a wave of her hand, she fragmented the reality and destroyed it, instead conjuring a bedroom that seemed much more modern, inside an apartment building inside New York City.

The sights outside were jaw-dropping. Nadia looked out the window at Central Park, where featureless, faceless human blobs milled around in the distance.

"It's fine if the 'real' Jason doesn't love me." Nadia said. "Because I have _you_."

She waved her hand. Jason reappeared in front of her.

But this was not the real Jason. He was the simulation of his downloaded memories.

Nadia touched his head, altering his cerebral parameters. This was now effortless for her, after she had finally unlocked full control over her MindCore.

"Forget about Phoebe now." Nadia said quietly, rewriting the false Jason's memories. "But no need to force things."

She paused.

"Why don't we... get to know each other properly this time?"

'Jason' smiled.

"You look a little young for me, but I wouldn't mind getting to know you better." He said.