Part 612: The Illuminati's Haven

January 13th, 2021. 4PM. Illuminati Haven.

Jason Hiro sat at a table inside a recreation center located two stories underground. To his surprise, there were over a dozen children of varying races and genders playing around, ranging from ages ten to sixteen. There were also some older teenagers supervising them, sometimes joining in on the fun as they played party video games, board games, and card games. There was even a rock wall that one older boy, perhaps aged 17, was climbing.

Plainclothes personnel stood near the entrances, made food, or otherwise played with the children, but Jason knew there were armed guards nearby. Just in case.

As for Jason, he didn't feel any desire to join in. He simply glanced at Claire with a look of curiosity as she parked her wheelchair beside the table.

"All these children possess Heroic potential." Claire explained, gesturing in their direction. "Whenever Heroes rise, Lesser Heroes follow. However, even among the ancient records, there have never been this many humans displaying Heroic potential all at once. Thanks to our advanced Field Trackers, we've been able to find and contain as many humans as possible before other powers could, but we fear we've missed more than a few."

Jason frowned. "What do you mean 'contain'? I thought you said this wasn't a prison?"

"It isn't, Jason. But people with Heroic powers are dangerous. Some, more than others. But any metahuman can be subverted by Russian or Chinese agents. We have to watch out for the claws of other ancient organizations, too, such as the Freemasons, the Rockefellers, and similar birds of a feather. Some of these secret societies are more dangerous than others, and that's to say nothing of the angels and demons. If they obtain Heroically Empowered humans, it could lead to an Era of Disaster."

"The Freemasons and Rockefellers, huh?" Jason asked idly. "Don't tell me I have to watch out for Carnegies and Satanists and all sorts of other obscure groups too."

"Absolutely, you do." Claire nodded. "Don't get me wrong. Some groups are little more than minor cults. Others have vast influences and have stretched their hands deep into the coffers of powerful governments. All are, to varying degrees, our competitors, if not outright enemies."

Jason slyly glanced at Claire, but he didn't give voice to the thought in his mind.

_And she thinks I'm just going to take her word that the 'Illuminati' has my best interests at heart? As if her society is the only true and correct one worth giving my allegiance to..._

Instead, Jason pointed at one of the oldest boys, barely any younger than himself.

"So these kids, they're all Heroes like me?"

"Not quite." Claire clarified. "You are a Trueborn Hero. These children only possess the power they do _because_ of your existence. They are Lowborn Heroes, with powers weaker than yours. But even so, a minor ability like 'entrancement' could prove dangerous if weaponized against their fellow humans. There are many instances, even recent ones, of humans rising up and secretly using their enhanced abilities to subvert the power structures of our species. These examples all demonstrate the insidious dangers they pose. It is essential that we educate and raise them to properly use their powers for humanity's benefit."

Claire gestured toward the 18 year old Jason indicated before. "Take Jerome, for instance. His ability is simple. He possesses a slightly enhanced physique. He has higher endurance, strength, and agility than someone his age without any training should possess. Right now, it's nothing too amazing. He can't swim faster than world-champion swimmers, he can't lift at the level of the professionals who've trained their whole lives, and he won't be making any new world records in track and field in the near future."

She continued. "But his strength is growing passively, all day, every day. It's slight, but definitely noticeable when we test him each week. He doesn't need to train. He doesn't need to work out. By simply existing, Jerome grows stronger every day."

"Then what if he works out?" Jason asks.

"He does do that." Claire answered. "It accelerates his growth, creating compound returns over time. If he trains day in and day out, I believe it won't be more than two or three years before he reaches the apex of what ordinary humans can achieve in most physical fields. And after that? He'll just keep growing stronger. Perhaps someday, he'll be able to fight and kill Demon Emperors with his physical abilities alone."

"Are Demon Emperors strong?" Jason asked.

"All demons are stronger than humans, depending on how you measure strength." Claire explained. "To understand why, you need to understand the demon maturation cycle."

"First," she continued, "demons are born from Broodmothers, which are giant ant-queen-like demonesses who spawn little creatures known as Imps. Imps are weak and stupid, but they can kill human children with ease. In that way, demon newborns are much stronger than human ones, though they pose little threat to our adults."

"Next, Imps can evolve after devouring a human soul. They can either become Grunts, or become Lowborn, which look extremely similar to human children and teenagers, minus the red skin and other demonic features."

Jason raised an eyebrow. "They eat souls?"

"Yes, and it grants them immense power." Claire explained. "They have an entire system in Hell for converting dead humans into souls, but that isn't important for right now. What matters is that you understand the different ranks of demons."

Seeing Jason's silent nod, Claire continued to speak.

"Demon Grunts come in all different types. There are Burners, Brutes, Seers, Warpers, and other sorts of specialized demons possessing one singular, holistic ability. This ability is often what defines their future growth after evolving to the next ranks. But Demon Lowborn are interesting, because they can vary quite drastically in their capabilities. Grunts and Lowborn can both evolve to the rank of Demon Lord by devouring ten human souls."

"Are Lowborn stronger than Grunts?" Jason asked.

"Not... exactly. As I said, their capabilities vary. Some Lowborn possess fine control of fire, lightning, hemokinesis, and other metaphysical powers. Some possess no abilities whatsoever! Unfortunately for those types, they are often seen as trash and end up becoming servants and slaves for higher ranking demons."

She shook her head before continuing. "In any case, an unarmed human will lose to a Demon Grunt or Lowborn all of the time. With modern weapons and body armor, the equation flips. An ordinary police officer can kill most Lowborn with ease, though the more extreme Grunts, such as the Brutes, will require specialized task forces to take them down."

"Seems some demons have all the genetic luck." Jason muttered.

"Demon society is anything but fair." Claire said with a sigh. "Even so, demons can still get ahead if they are psychopathic enough and willing to kill beyond what their superiors command."

"Anyway, after Grunts are Demon Lords. Demons need to consume ten human souls to become Lords, and at that point, they become serious threats to ordinary human forces. One Demon Lord cannot waltz into a military base and wreak havoc, but they can certainly cause chaos in the streets of major cities, leaving tens or even hundreds dead. Some Demon Lords in the past have even deliberately raced to kill as many humans as possible, hoping to swallow their souls and ascend to the next rank."

"You seem like you're about to tell me that doesn't usually work out." Jason says.

"It doesn't." Claire confirms. "Because, you see, Demon Lords require 1,000 souls to become Demon Barons. And let me tell you, Demon Barons are extremely dangerous. Each one typically possesses a body stronger than peak humans. Some can grab tanks and throw them through the air, or use psychic powers to level buildings. They can unleash lightning storms that disable all electric-based devices and weaponry, and so on. You absolutely must not trifle with Demon Barons. Each one is a powerhouse that requires a military platoon to deal with."

Jason's expression became unsightly. "What's next? Emperor?"

"No. After Barons are Dukes." Claire answered. "Dukes are unbelievably powerful. We haven't even made it to the level of Emperors yet, and already Dukes should  cause you to suffer some sleepless nights. Humanity's only good fortune is that the number of Dukes in existence are estimated to be under five hundred, but each one of them is a city-level powerhouse. A single Duke, if angered, could potentially wipe Tokyo off the map. They could glass the skyscrapers, vaporize humans en-masse, and cause immense pain and suffering."

She continues. "We are fortunate that the atomic bombs scared the demons away from causing any mass casualty events in the past seventy years, but during World War II, when our weapons were more primitive, Demon Dukes appeared infrequently and killed tens of thousands of our allied soldiers."

"I guess that means the Nazis were working alongside the demons then..." Jason muttered, looking away. "Really explains a lot."

Claire cocked her head. "No? The Nazis were a human element of evil. They were led by a corrupt tyrant who sought power for his own ends, plain and simple. Sometimes, humans can be just as vile to each other as demons are to us."

"Oh! That tracks too." Jason said, nodding.

Claire nodded back. "Anyway, to become a Duke, a Demon Baron must consume 100,000 human souls. This number is simply infeasible, outside a massive attack on humanity. For that reason, Demon Dukes are made, not born. One cannot become a Demon Duke by wantonly slaughtering humans. They can only do so if the true rulers of demonkind grant them Soul Pills, which contain the condensed essence of human souls. After ingesting enough of those, they will Ascend to Duke."

She sighs. "And then, after Duke, we have... Emperors. To become an Emperor, a demon need only ingest 1,000,000 souls. Considering the amount of power they obtain, this is a small price to pay, but the vast number of demons in Hell clamoring for their evolution ensures Demon Emperors cannot rise too often. Unfortunately, the boom in human population during the last two centuries has given demons all sorts of opportunities to grow their power. There are nearly twice as many Emperors in the modern day as there were before the 1700's, to say nothing of the overall demon population."

"It's kind of weird." Jason said. "Imps need 1 soul to evolve, then 10, then 1,000, then 100,000, than 1,000,000. Why is it a soul multiplier of 10, 100, 100, then 10 again??"

Claire shrugged. "That's just how it is. Considering demons cannot evolve beyond the Rank of Emperor, we assume one million souls is the saturation point. Any souls beyond one million are useless."

She paused.

"In any case, Demon Emperors are the final, and the most powerful of all foes. In total, there are perhaps twenty Emperors in existence across all the Seven Hells, though we must account for the possibility of Emperors who evolved in secret, or Emperors whose ascendencies were kept hidden from us by the demons. It is never wise to reveal all your cards to your enemies, so we always assume there are more demons we do not know of. Emperors, by themselves, can wipe out entire human armies. Each one has their own special abilities that make them extremely difficult to suppress, let alone kill. In the past, only Trueborn Heroes have been able to reliably go toe-to-toe with these behemoths."

"So if there's no Hero, humanity is just screwed?" Jason asks.

"Actually..."

Claire pursed her lips. Then she looked into the distance, in the general direction of the children playing.

"The angels are our enemies. But they are also our allies. Woe be unto me to say this, but the angels are a necessary evil. Their leaders, the Archangels, possess enough power to stand against the Demon Emperors, at least to some extent. And aside from the Angels, we also have allies among the Titans. Some of those Titans are actually humanity's strongest pillars to lean upon, especially when a given Era does not have a Hero at its forefront."

"Titans?" Jason asks.

"Gods, as far as humans remember them." Claire explains. "Entities towering tens, even hundreds of feet tall. A Titan's height is proportional to their strength. The largest ones are more than capable of standing against one or more Demon Emperors with ease. They are not invincible, but they can give humanity a fighting chance if the demons one day rise up in unison to attack on all fronts."

Claire patted her legs and sighed deeply.

"It is imperative that you master your psychic powers quickly, Jason. Seers may not possess the strongest offensive or defensive abilities, but you can still prove instrumental in collecting intelligence on the demon's movements. If we know what they are doing, we can anticipate their attacks and prepare ahead of time."

"Do we even know my powers are psychic at all?" Jason asks doubtfully. "What if I can shoot fireballs or lightning or something?"

"Then we will determine that next. Come with me." Claire said, turning her wheelchair away from the table.

Jason nodded, then stood up and followed after her.

A few minutes later, after riding the Haven's elevator several floors downward, the two of them emerged into a pristine white hallway with mirrors in all the corners, allowing Jason to see armed guards up around the bend, no matter which direction he looked.

"The Testing Center is where we take individuals who possess Heroic potential and test them to discover the full extent of their abilities. At this point, I'll have to see you off. Doctor Eliezer Redbaum will be the one to test you today."

"I see. Then, thank you, Claire." Jason said, gently squeezing her shoulder. "This has made me feel a lot more assured about what I need to do, moving forward."

"It is my pleasure to serve this generation's Hero." Claire said, nodding her head lightly while touching his hand. "If you have any further questions, just ask anyone here to call me and I'll come running."

"Or rolling." Jason said, jokingly pointing at her wheelchair with his thumb.

"Yes, or 'rolling'." Claire replied with a bemused smile.

She didn't take his joke badly, which made him feel better.

Not long after, Jason and Claire separated, and a tall lanky man with narrow metal glasses stepped out of an office up ahead. His hair was curly and somewhat messy, making him look the part of a nutty professor. His pale skin made it seem as if he hadn't stepped out into sunlight in months, perhaps even years. He looked a little ghoulish, in Jason's eyes.

"Ah, Mister Hiro? How good to meet you!" Eliezer Redbaum said, enthusiastically shaking Jason's hand with an excited grin. He almost seemed like a kid who'd unwrapped the newest game console on Christmas. "To think I'd finally meet this generation's Hero! How does it feel to be the Chosen One? To be the luckiest human on Earth out of all the billions of others?"

Jason blinked. "The Chosen One, huh? I hadn't really been thinking about it like that. All this stuff about angels and demons seems rather dire. I feel as if a heavy load has been placed on my back. It's not particularly enjoyable."

"Ah, that's Claire for you! All doom and gloom, but with a pretty smile to make it a little more appetizing!" Eliezer chirped. "But never mind all that. This is the FUN part, Jason! Now you get to find out just what sort of abilities you have! Your mana output is higher than anyone else here, so it's certain you're the real deal!"

Eliezer paused for half a breath, then gestured behind himself. "Come along, come along! In here, we'll start testing all the known abilities to see what you can do."

Jason's mood did perk up a bit. "You've tested many people before me?"

"This institute was founded hundreds of years ago, by the great Madam Mildred!" Eliezer explained, as he and Jason entered the testing room. "Before that, we simply located Heroes and protected them, but we had no formal library of known abilities. Lady Mildred was truly a genius! She created a whole division focused on cataloging every known demon, angel, and Hero power to try to match newly discovered Heroes to all their abilities. This allowed us to discover hidden powers inside a few Trueborn Heroes who otherwise might have missed them. Can you imagine only knowing you can lift ten-ton objects, but not that you could fly? What a pity it would be to overlook such a useful ability!"

Jason looked around the testing room. Inside, there were Tesla coils sparking electricity between them, a series of burners outputting different colored flames, vats filled with multiple unique types of liquid, and countless other things he could hardly make sense of. Aside from Eliezer, there were a half-dozen other scientists, all looking at Jason with expressions of adoration.

Their gazes... made him feel a little uncomfortable. He felt as if he'd become an object of worship, leaving his humanity behind in the process.

"Come, come, have a seat." Eliezer said, pushing his glasses up his nose.

The thirty-something year old man quickly darted to a nearby table, then smoothly wheeled it over to Jason. He placed two chairs down, one on each side, then took a seat across from Jason while holding a book in his hand. He held up the book so Jason could only see the cover, which was entirely blank, then he opened it up.

"Alright, the report states that you might possess some form of precognition. This first test will assess if that is the case. To start, what is the first image on page one?"

Jason blinked. "The first page? Inside the book? I can't see it."

"Perhaps not with your eyes, but look _inside_ yourself. Try to touch upon your mind's eye, Jason." Eliezer said. "Look not at the book, but at the fabric of reality surrounding it. Barring that, try to read my mind and see the image I see. Alternately, maybe you can peer a few seconds into the future, witnessing when I turn the book around to show you the image?"

Jason frowned. He closed his eyes and concentrated, then he opened them again. He squinted. He pressed his lips together until he metaphorically felt smoke coming from his ears.

"...Nothing." Jason finally said.

"Ah, I see. Well, it's a picture of an orange tabby cat." Eliezer said, turning the book to show Jason. He turned the book back around. "Alright, now that you understand the general theme of the book, perhaps you can guess the picture on the second page. What could it be?"

Jason once again frowned. He closed his eyes and concentrated, trying to tap into something deep within his psyche...

But ten minutes later, Eliezer closed the book and set it on the table.

"I'm sorry." Jason said, feeling slightly guilty.

"It's no matter. You possess the Heroic Aura, so you absolutely must have a Heroic power. There's no reason to feel glum, my boy. We'll just have to keep testing! Follow me over here, if you'd please."

Eliezer led Jason over to a nearby table, one with multiple different flames jetting upward a few inches, all of them glowing a variety colors.

"These flames are all attuned to various levels of heat. The colors are a result of how hot they burn." Eliezer explained. "Let's see if you possess any pyrokinetic capabilities. Try reaching out and manipulating the first flame. It's the weakest one and should pose no problem."

Jason smiled awkwardly, but he held no belief he had any fire-related powers. Something told him this was a total waste of time.

Still, he tried. And he tried some more.

Minutes later, this test, too, concluded with a complete failure.

"Say... you guys aren't, like, _fucking with me_? Are you?" Jason asked doubtfully. "This isn't all just a bunch of mumbo-jumbo? How do I know there are people who have magical powers? I've pretty much been taking you at your word, here."

Eliezer cocked his head. "Oh? Claire didn't give you a demonstration? Let's rectify that."

He motioned to one of the other scientists, a lady with curly blonde hair. "Leslie, can you go ahead and fetch Brian for me? Let's put on a little show for Jason here."

"Sure! Just give me a moment." Leslie replied.

She left the room, and Jason engaged Eliezer in some small talk until she returned with a 16-year-old boy in tow. The boy looked clean-cut, with swept-back black hair. He even wore an excellently-fitting suit. When he smiled at Jason, the Wordsmith found that he looked a little familiar somehow, but he couldn't understand why his brain registered the similarities.

"Brian, this is Jason Hiro, the Trueborn Hero of our generation. And Jason, this is Brian Bozzard, our resident firecracker. He's a pyrokinetic with a flair for the snazzy. His father is actually an oil baron from the south coast, and Brian here caused a little _accident_ with his powers when they first awakened."

Brian looked away awkwardly for a moment, but quickly reverted back to his charming smile after recovering his bearings. "Good day, Jason. Yes, ah, there was a bit of a mishap. I may have accidentally burned one of our mansions down... ahaha... but luckily, we managed to evacuate everyone in time. Father was sure to clean up the rubble quickly, and we moved to our summer home for a few months. Then these splendid researchers picked me up before the public could learn of my abilities. That was a year ago, and the rest is history."

Jason bobbed his head, then smiled. "It's good to meet you then, Brian. So, you manipulate flames? Can you show me?"

"Most certainly! Thanks to the efforts of the Illuminati, I've mastered my abilities, but they continue to grow more formidable day by day.  Here, take a look."

Jason expected Brian to walk over to the burners and extract fire from them, but to his surprise, the teenager instead ignited an orb of flame in his palm and expanded it to the size of a softball, then held it in place for a few moments, smirking at Jason's wide-eyed expression.

"How about that? Still a skeptic? Still think magic is a bunch of 'mumbo jumbo'? I assure you, dear Jason, that is not the case! My abilities are the real deal!"

Brian absorbed the fireball back into his hand harmlessly, then he took off his suit's overcoat and handed it to one of the assistant researchers before walking into a nearby testing chamber, where he proceeded to summon and fling fireball after fireball, blasting the reinforced wall with a barrage of them, unleashing a stream of wide flames, then a concentrated beam of fire afterward.

"Haaah!! Hahaha, how about that, eh, Jason? Are you impressed yet?"

"Definitely impressed!" Jason exclaimed, before turning to Eliezer. "There really is such a thing as magic! So that must mean I have magic of my own, right?"

"Certainly!" Eliezer replied. "I've yet to hear of a Trueborn Hero with no powers at all. I'm sure if we keep testing, we'll uncover your hidden potential. Alright, thank you for coming down here, Brian. We'll be sending Jason back up later. The two of you can talk then. Maybe you'll even become fast friends!"

Brian emerged from the testing room with a smile on his face. After putting his coat back on, he bowed slightly. "I look forward to making the acquaintance of the Trueborn! I've been waiting to hear about him, after seeing the results of his exploits. Jason, do be a good man and drop by later? I'll introduce you to some of the girls."

Jason chuckled softly. "Haha... thanks for the offer. I'll drop by, but there's no need to play matchmaker. I'm a faithful man. And the girls here all seem a bit young for me."

"A bit young?" Brian asked, raising an eyebrow. "A few of them are eighteen already. You're eighteen too, right? And what's that about being faithful? Don't tell me you're married already?"

Jason hesitated. "Yeah I'm- well no, I'm not married. I think. _Right_, I'm not married yet. Sorry, don't know why I said that before... and I'm only eighteen, yeah."

Eliezer and Leslie exchanged glances, raising their own eyebrows at Jason's strange words. Eliezer made a mental note to look into whether or not Jason had any secret marital attachments. It wouldn't be good for him to leave behind a secret wife out there, looking for him, asking difficult questions...

Brian left, and Jason remained behind. Eliezer sat the young man down, smiling at his energetic expression.

"Well, you seem a bit more eager to uncover your Heroic powers. No longer a skeptic, I assume?" Eliezer asked.

"I'm ready. Hit me with all your tests." Jason answered.

"Okay then. Let's go ahead and continue where we left off." Eliezer said. "After fire manipulation, we'll try testing the other classical elements of water, earth, wind, light, dark, yin and yang, and several others. Then we'll test out your technological capabilities, then your physical attributes."

"Can we start with the physical ones?" Jason asked.

"Hmm... well, the order doesn't really matter. I suppose so. Let's start by testing how much weight you can bench press, how many pull-ups you can do, your running speed, your stamina, and other such things. Having an exhaustive physical examination done before the metaphysical stuff is beneficial too."

...

Hours later, Jason sat on a bench, tired as hell. He wheezed and gasped for breath, looking between the researchers a short distance away as they graded his... less than impressive physical stats.

Eliezer came over to him, a mild look of disappointment on his face. "Well, you're no Jerome, that's for sure. You under-performed compared to the average 18 year old Asian-American, with strength and stamina much lower than anticipated. If you're a physical-type Hero, your abilities have yet to come in. How about you rest for a bit, and we'll bring the combat instructor inside? He can test you on your ability to learn martial arts."

"If my physical strength sucks, then what's the point of that?" Jason asked.

"Don't be so quick to judge." Eliezer said with a chuckle. "Several Heroes, Trueborn and Lowborn, have been known as masters of physical combat. Buddha was the most noteworthy, as he was known as the God of Combat. He didn't even have to fight demons to kill them, but when he did fight, he left them broken and despondent. His physical strength wasn't impressive at all, but he mastered countless forms of martial arts, weapon-wielding, and many other such things. There's always a chance you could become like him, given time!"

Jason stuck out his lower lip and nodded, in a _not bad_ sort of way. "Yeah, that could be good. Alright, give me a bit and I'll go in there. Can I have some water?"

"Sure thing. In fact, why don't we get you a couple sandwiches?" Eliezer asked. "You've been working hard for a few hours now. It'll be bedtime in the Haven soon, so we'll get you up to your room when the time comes."

"Sure. Thanks." Jason answered.

After a bit more time passed, and Jason rejuvenated his somewhat tired body, he stepped into a new training arena with an older man in his forties. The man appeared to be a gruff, American military-type with tattoos on his face, a shaved head, and a long beard.

"We'll start with some simple sparring." The man said, as he reached to his side and grabbed a bo staff from some weapons on the wall. The entire staff was covered in heavy padding to deaden the blows and inflict as little material damage as possible. At the same time, the instructor grabbed a staff of his own. "I'm Lieutenant Dobson, former Marine. Joined the Illuminati as their external combat advisor. Don't worry, kid, I'll take it easy on you. You just follow along with my commands and see what you can pick up."

Jason took the bo staff from Dobson. At the same time, his eyes metaphorically flashed as he rapidly analyzed the weapon's weight and length, estimating its reach and other critical parameters that would affect his performance.

"The first thing to do-" Dobson started to say, before pausing to stare in bewilderment as Jason started rapidly spinning and twirling the staff around his body.

Not just Dobson, but the other scientists outside. Eliezer's mouth gaped open as he watched while Jason started spinning the staff around his body with a level of fluidity even Dobson would struggle to replicate! Dobson himself had a solid but fundamentally shallow knowledge of how to wield over a dozen weapon types, and he could immediately tell Jason was not an amateur in the slightest.

"What the..." Dobson said, pausing to scratch his head. "Kid, are you one of those national prodigies who has been training for a karate competition since you were six, or something?"

Jason instantly brought the revolution of his staff to a stop by slamming its butt on the ground. "No. I don't know how I'm able to do this. It just... feels natural to me. Like I've practiced for years, or something."

Dobson immediately sobered up his expression. He stopped looking at Jason like an inexperienced youth, as he'd already faced a couple of kids who surprised him during the last couple of years.

"Hmm. Never mind what I was saying before. I'm going to focus entirely on defending myself. Try to get me onto the ground, and we'll see what you know from there."

"Sounds good." Jason said, looking at the older man confidently. "We'll do that, then."

Jason suddenly lunged forward, spinning the bo staff around his body. He revolved it from back to front, and Dobson spun his staff into position, blocking the attack.

But the instant Jason's staff connected, it fluidly bounced away, spun behind his body, and snapped toward Dobson from the opposite direction.

_Shit! He's fast!_ Dobson thought, moving to block the attack, but failing to react quickly enough. He was rewarded with a light _thump_ against his ribs, but luckily, Jason's padded staff didn't hurt him.

Immediately, Dobson raised Jason's threat level immensely. _My god! He's a natural! I've never seen talent like this! Is this the power of this generation's Trueborn?!_

In the other room, behind the plexiglass, Eliezer's jaw dropped even further. He could hardly believe his eyes.

Over the next two minutes, Jason began to systematically dismantle Dobson's defenses. He frowned, wondering why his combat instructor was so slow to adapt to his relatively basic attack patterns. Jason barely even put effort into his attacks, yet he was able to strike Dobson time after time after time!

Thankfully, the padded staff prevented Dobson from suffering any injuries, but after a while, the rhythmic smacking of his helmeted face, his ribs, his thighs, and even his legs started to hurt a little.

"Alright. Alright! I yield!" Doson exclaimed, quickly taking a few steps back.

Jason immediately brought his bo staff to a stop by planting its butt on the ground. He scratched his head.

"...Is there anyone other than you here who is talented with the bo staff? Could we bring in someone who's more... formidable?"

"I..." Dobson stammered, lowering his head in shame.

_To think this teenager would have beat me black and blue if we weren't using training staffs. He's a monster!_

"Jason," Eliezer said, recovering from his shock, "we can bring in an external instructor later. For now, why don't you try switching to another weapon type?"

"Sure." Jason replied. He put the staff back, then glanced at Dobson. "Are you okay?"

"I'm fine!" Dobson sputtered, slightly annoyed by the question. "Let's try sparring with swords. I'm more confident in my swordplay anyway. I trained with the Knights Templar for two years over in England."

"Whoa, they sound impressive!" Jason said, genuinely surprised by Dobson's statement.

Regaining a little bit of his adult authority, Dobson quickly puffed out his chest a little. "I'll say this; I wasn't much compared to the knights, but I learned to hold my own. If you ever want to learn peerless swordplay, their masters are the best of the best!"

"I'll keep that in mind." Jason said.

He and Dobson switched to holding wooden shortswords in their dominant hands, and a shield in their off-hands. Dobson also took the initiative to put on stronger body armor.

"Like before, I'll defend while you attack." Dobson said, now speaking through a heavier helmet. Unlike with the bo staffs, the wooden swords were not padded and could cause painful injuries if they struck bones or vital organs.

A few moments later, Jason attacked! This time, Eliezer and the others became truly filled with awe.

Jason's sword snapped forward with the speed of a cobra. He feinted left sometimes, and right others. He swept at Dobson's legs and kept him guessing, but most importantly, he struck Dobson's body armor time after time, leaving Dobson unable to counter him at all!

Dobson at least managed to deflect more of Jason's attacks thanks to being able to defend both sides of his body with his sword and shield. But unfortunately, due to the sword's lighter weight, Jason was able to speed up his attacks, cutting, chopping, and stabbing at vulnerable locations time after time!

"Damn! Shit! Ouch!" Dobson cursed, feeling a mixture of awe at Jason's skills and sheer disappointment in his own. _Even if this brat trained with the sword since he emerged from the womb, he shouldn't be this good! I feel like a chump compared to him! What the hell??_

Through his actions, Jason casually threw Dobson's earlier bragging about being trained by the Knights Templar back in his face. Dobson couldn't help feeling stifled by now. If Jason was just as talented with other types of weapons, Dobson would really be out of luck! Swords and staffs were his bread and butter, and his other weapon masteries were far shallower.

Finally, Dobson gave up once again, yielding to Jason's skill.

"G-good fight." Dobson said, wanting to puke blood from shame.

"Were you holding back the whole time?" Jason asked, confused. "I kept thinking you were making deliberate openings so I'd rush in and you'd punish me, but you never did..."

"Holding back?!" Dobson sputtered. "Who do you think I am, the great Buddha himself? You're a monster, kid! An absolute monster! If you've never actually trained before in your life, then color me impressed. You're clearly a combat specialist with a bright future ahead of you."

Jason smiled. "Well, thanks for the assist. I'm pretty tired now, so maybe we can pick up where we left off tomorrow."

"Yeah. We'll try other types of weapons, then." Dobson said, before adding, "And I'll call some people I know, see if we can get more skilled teachers in here. I'm nowhere near your level."

Jason shook Dobson's hand, and they went their separate ways.

After he exited the training area and the ex-marine went his own way, Jason turned to look at Eliezer expectantly.

"I don't know if you're a Seer, but you're absolutely a potential combat god." Eliezer said, his expression solemn. "The skills you just displayed were terrifying. You're a natural. If we focus on training your body to match your combat strengths, you'll become capable of taking down Barons single-handedly. Most demons are lazy bastards with middling combat skills. They rely on brute force and their raw strength to overpower weaker opponents. If you can dismantle them with your weapon skills, you might even become as fearsome as the Hero-King Arthur himself."

Jason yawned. "Well, that sounds exciting. But for now, I'm exhausted. Mind showing me to my room?"

Eliezer shook his head and chuckled. "I've never seen someone tire themselves out by beating someone else's ass. Alright. I'll have Leslie take you up to your room. Leslie, would you be a dear? I need to make some phone calls and update Miss Rothschild on our prodigy here."

"It would be my pleasure." Leslie said, smiling cheerfully at Jason.

Twenty minutes later, she led the young man up to his room. They opened the door, and Jason found a surprisingly large apartment much bigger than the one he owned before, with a comfortable-looking king-sized bed covered in multiple comforters, a TV with several game systems plugged into it, and a computer much fancier than anything Jason had owned before.

"This is Room 1A, the first in all the dorms." Leslie explained. "As the Trueborn, you get the best housing here, but the other kids aren't far behind. We want all our talents to be comfortable. You can access the internet if you want, but outside communications are strictly monitored. This is a top secret location after all, and all your computer activity will be logged."

She glanced at him and coughed. "If you, ahem, look up any adult content... just be aware our people will be watching. Since you're over 18, we won't stop you, but..."

"Right, right. I get it." Jason said, massaging his forehead. "Point being; I'm being watched."

"When you say it like that, it sounds a bit dystopian. We only want to ensure your safety." Leslie quickly clarified. "There is a demon named Ose who is her species' foremost, and currently _only_ technomancer. She is adept at monitoring the entire internet, and can easily uncover crucial clues about targets once she becomes aware of them. You _must_ beware 'Ghost.' She is extremely dangerous and considered a Class S modern threat. We're lucky she is only a Baron and the other Emperors don't value her talents highly enough, or humanity would be in grave danger of having all our technology subverted."

Jason nodded. It didn't seem like Leslie was making this information up, and he didn't want to discount her fears.

"Noted. I'll mind my business, then. I'm gonna take a shower, then hit the hay."

"Wonderful. Have a great night, Jason." Leslie said, before waving to him and closing the door.

Some time later, Jason washed the grime off his body, stumbled over to his bed, and flopped onto it, sagging into its warm embrace with a moan of pleasure. It was possibly the most comfortable thing he'd ever laid on.

Before long, he drifted off to sleep.

Then, he began to experience the _strangest_ of dreams...