Part 575: New Hall Resident

While Jason, Fiona, Rebecca, and the other people living inside Chrona work to improve humanity's future, their counterparts in the Hall of Heroes also take the upcoming transitional period seriously, treating it as a potential turning point in humanity's future.

If the Wordsmiths do not rise to the challenge of preparing humanity for the Plague's next onslaught, their species will fall, and the Milky Way will be overrun. Countless Sentients will perish, and the galaxy will become nothing more than a playground for the hivemind. Nobody wants to see this occur, so even Hope is forced to at least temporarily set aside his hatred for Jason to focus on the bigger picture.

Inside the Hall of Heroes, a specially designated area known as the Hall of Transference hangs off at the 'western' side of the special dimension. Isolated from the other areas, its purpose is to provide an area for people to enter and exit the Hall of Heroes as needed, returning to-and-from Realspace through the special means Hope has crafted with the help of a certain Celestial Designer. The room glitters with gold, like much of the Hall of Heroes. With Solomon having crafted the designs for the entire special dimension, he just can't help but make every building as gaudy as possible, making Hope and Amelia feel as if they've opted to live inside the houses of some weird rapper from 21st century Earth.

Hope and Amelia stand together before a large lozenge-shaped diamond. The beautiful white crystal spins atop a magical matrix Hope created with the help of Solomon and Psymin Miralax, both of whom stand a little off to the left, also gazing forward past the crystal.

Amelia waves her hand, conjuring a bit of magical power from within herself to enter the crystal and activate its power matrices. Moments later, a figure made of light materializes across from the four observers, and it rapidly coalesces into the body and clothing of a male human.

"Oh! I made it." The man says, looking around his entry point with an expression of deep interest. "Wow! Zees place is incredible!"

"Welcome to the Hall of Heroes, Hans." Hope says with a smile. He walks over to shake the man's hand, and Hans meets his gesture with a firm grip. "We've prepared everything for your arrival, as you requested."

Amelia walks around the Transference Crystal to stand beside her fiance. "Are you certain you're okay with living here on a permanent basis?"

Hans waves his hand flippantly. "Here, Moonbase Kelkin, Maiura, it does not matter! A scientist lives where zee research can be done most effectively! OH! And you zere, you are zee Technopath I have been hearing about?"

Hans directs his gaze over to Solomon, who he already knows well, and Psymin Miralax, who he has never had the privilege to meet before.

"_A formal greeting. Psymin Miralax. Pleasure._" Psymin says, her harsh robotic tone and stilted manner of speaking not doing her any favors with the first impressions.

Luckily, Hans doesn't care about such a minor thing at all. Instead, his eyes light up at the thought of getting to work alongside such a storied character as Psymin, someone who assisted in creating the most fearsome weapons the Milky Way has ever seen. He eagerly trots over to her with a sparkle in his eyes.

"I am looking forward to working alongside you!"

"_I follow orders. Wordsmith's orders._" Psymin says blandly, expressing neither interest nor regret in working with this 'genius' human. She has seen countless genius Technopaths over the eons, and so she is not easily impressed anymore. Certainly not by a random mud-dweller. In her eyes, the smartest human is about as impressive as the smartest ant, with Solomon being the lone exception. "_Working with you. I will comply._"

If Hans notices her dismissive attitude, he doesn't show it on his face. He clasps his hands together and turns to look at Solomon. "Well? When can we get started?"

The Knowledge-Seeker smiles at his fellow thinker. "We've built the lab according to the specifications you gave us. Psymin and I even added some embellishments. If you'd be so kind as to follow me..."

He turns and walks toward the fortified door leading out of the Hall of Transference, which itself passes through a narrow hallway just big enough for bipeds under ten feet tall to pass through. With nothing but Void surrounding the Hall of Heroes, if one were to try and break into the main structure, they would instead become trapped by the power of concentrated Entropy. It wouldn't harm a Cosmic, but as for a mere mortal? They might suffer terribly, if not die a horrible death.

Solomon leads the group around the Hall of Heroes, showing off the various facilities to their newest guest. Hans' eyes sparkle with excitement as he observes the Artifact Hall, the Hall of Legends, the Central Garden, and several different rest and relaxation rooms. Additionally, dozens of Heroes have had specific accommodations built according to their tastes, with priority granted to the Trueborn before the Lowborn.

After showing off more than a dozen key facilities, Solomon pauses to point out the place he considers 'home', the Library of Knowledge, which he has been filling with books for dozens of years now.

"Feel free to enter here and look up any information you wish." Solomon says to Hans. "Additionally, you may don my Crown any time Hope isn't wearing it to augment your knowledge base further. Unfortunately, while I can grant you information, I cannot improve your ability to comprehend it."

"I have worn your Crown before." Hans says with a casual wave of his hand. "I look forward to improving my center of knowledge once again! And goodness, zees library is truly impressive. You must spend all your free time here, yes?"

"Less than you'd think." Solomon says. "I can multi-task extremely well. My writing speed is also incomprehensible to most, and errors never appear in my books."

He leads Hans to the most important new facility in the Hall of Heroes, the _Hall of Innovation_. Inside, they find countless small cubes lined up and stacked on top of each other against the walls with computers linked up to them. Robotic arms hang from the ceiling, and multiple large circular, square, and rectangular pads sit off to the sides, each of them large enough to fit automobiles or even armored tanks atop their surfaces.

Soft neon blue lights illuminate the room, and for once this particular Hall lacks the golden, gaudy flourishes the others do. Clearly, Solomon was not the main designer.

Indeed, Psymin Miralax steps forward and takes the lead as she addresses the design of the room.

"_Quantum storage chambers._" She says, pointing to the numerous cubes stacked atop and beside one another along the walls. "_Each has high capacity. Storage potential, extreme. One cube. Four metric tons. Quantum computer links together. Interface to extract contents._"

Hans looks at the computer attached to the cubes.

"You can store four metric tons per cube? And at a glance zere seems to be around a hundred cubes..."

"It's about 400 tons, yeah. Each cube has a pocket dimension inside so they can store immense amounts of material for whatever needs you have." Hope says. "The cubes are modular, so we can add more with ease. We can also expand the size of the facility as needed. If you require any adjustments, let us know. We want you to reach your full potential here."

Psymin nods, then continues speaking. "_Mechanical arms. Alpha classification. Used on Volgarius. Highly dexterous. Extreme grip strength. Delicate touch. Load rating: 100 tons._"

"Each arm can lift 100 tons? Wow!" Hans chirps, his eyes curving upward as he rubs his hands together in glee. "I can hardly wait to get started!"

She points at the differently shaped pads on the ground. "_Molecular assemblers. You call them Replicators. Capable of mass production. Versatile. Magic-augmented. Multiple variants. Some produce matter. Some produce energy. One produces Exotics._"

"Exotics?" Hans asks, bewildered.

"Special types of compounds." Solomon answers. "But only a few limited options, for now. We can try to acquire other ones, but don't expect miracles. These stations are meant for you to produce materials you'll _then_ need to shape into new inventions with other tools in the workshop. They should be far superior to the ones you were using on Tarus II."

After Hans asks some questions and Psymin or Solomon fire back enough answers to satisfy him, he leans on the ball of his heel, looking extremely pleased.

"What an excellent workshop! I am pleased to come and serve humanity's greater interests, moving forward. Zank you for zee extensive introduction, Miss Miralax."

"_I serve the Volgrim Empire._" Psymin says, her tone mild. "_The Plague must be stopped. I cannot do it. Any assistance helps._"

Hans glances at Solomon. "I am curious. Why don't YOU be zee one to make zee inventions? You are smart, yes?"

"I'm a highly intelligent man, of course." Solomon says, nodding his head perfunctorily. "But I am... not terribly creative. Imaginative. I can collect the knowledge of other beings and combine that knowledge to make new inventions, but only within somewhat rigid guidelines. In terms of inventiveness, I'm nowhere near your level, or Phoebe Hiro's level, for that matter. That's why we want you here, developing weapons to combat the Plague. You may even be able to come up with innovations the Volgrim couldn't."

Psymin's face contorts into a derisive sneer, but she says nothing. In her eyes, addressing Solomon's comment would be beneath her. A mud-dweller has no chance of outperforming millions of years worth of Technopath accumulation. Even if the ignorant human 'genius' steals all the information out of her head via Solomon's Crown, he can't hope to make any advancements beyond what she would have made in the same time frame. More likely, he'll be so hopelessly lost and confused by the high science in her head that he'll give up and become a mountain-dwelling hermit.

Perhaps she might be a little fearful of Solomon himself, given his incredible achievements, but this no-name 'Hans' fellow simply cannot amount to much.

"So, Hans!" Hope says, clapping his hands together. "Anything you want to work on first?"

Hans frowns, looking indecisive for a moment. Psymin chuckles under her breath, seeing the sudden look of stupidity wash over his face. No doubt, he'll try coming up with some primitive form of warfare he considers advanced, making her feel at least momentarily bad for the poor ignorant ape.

"Ah, so many choices, it is hard to choose." Hans says, shaking his head and sighing. "Well, I brought a datachip with me for potential projects. Perhaps you all can help me decide!"

Psymin continues to watch as he wanders over to the nearest computer terminal and plugs the chip in. It takes a minute for him to navigate the folders, and as he does, she rolls her eyes.

_All these theatrics, only to embarrass himself. Truly, the mud-dwelling people of the Milky Way are unable to grasp how small they are in the grand scheme of-_

"Zee Plague has become quite strong now." Hans says, interrupting her train of thought. "But I did examine zee footage our people took of zee battle on Reaver, and I uncovered some new insights!"

Psymin rolls her eyes again. She dissected the data herself, and none of it stood out to her. She was easily able to tell that the Plague had become more formidable in every way, making most previously effective attack vectors obsolete. The Plague obtained a comprehensive upgrade, and new weapons would need to be ten or even a hundred times more potent to inflict lasting damage to the Plaguehosts.

What insights could he have possibly made compared to a long-lived Technopath like herself?

"First," Hans says, opening up a clip of Henry fighting the individual Plaguehost on Yardris, "zee new combatant Henry has revealed a potential flaw in zee Plague's biology. See when he attacks it with his flaming sword? He was easily able to kill zee Kolvaxian with a single strike!"

"We know that much." Hope says impatiently. "But giving our soldiers such powerful weapons would be useless. Most of them aren't strong enough to wield them, and mass-producing artifacts like Henry's new sword isn't even something I know how to do yet. I didn't even know Jason could do that, so I'll need to catch up to him on the research front."

"No, no, we do not need swords, boy!" Hans says, frowning at Hope's obvious ignorance. "Zee sword is not important. Look at zee Kolvaxian's body after Henry smote it dead!"

He zooms in the image, allowing the others to see the Kolvaxian Henry killed up close and personal. Invisible question marks pop up over Hope, Solomon, and Psymin's heads as they struggle to understand what Hans is pointing out.

_He's trying to appear smart._ Psymin concludes, unimpressed. _Acting as if he's spotted something the rest of us haven't. There is nothing to see but a dead body, the same as the other seven!_

Ignorant to her thoughts, Hans clicks his tongue. He changes the monitor to show the other dead Kolvaxians, and when he does, everyone leans in to look more closely.

"Look at zee other seven Kolvaxians." Hans says. "Look at zeir injuries. Zeir bodies may have died, but zeir injuries continued to regenerate! Only zee one Henry killed remained completely lifeless."

Solomon glances at Hans. "You're saying the other seven were still alive? Or maybe they would come back to life?"

"No, zat is unlikely." Hans says, turning to face his compatriots with a proud look on his face. "What I am trying to indicate is zat zee one Henry struck was zee only one zat did not regenerate its wounds. Perhaps zis indicates a genetic weakness to... fire?"

"Fire?" Hope asks, blinking his eyes twice. "Because Henry's blade was enchanted with flames... so when he cut it down... the flames cauterized the wounds and prevented the Kolvaxian from restoring itself?"

"Yes! Exactly!" Hans says, clapping his fist in his palm. "I believe zee Plague's new bodies may not be as durable as we believe. Perhaps zey have grown more powerful because of life energy derived from plants, but zis has made zem weak to flames. Soldiers equipped with fire-attribute weapons, napalm, and so on might be able to inflict serious damage!"

Psymin's heart skips a beat. Even she failed to notice the anomalous activity in the corpse Henry killed. Perhaps because she was so focused on all the dead Plaguehosts collectively, she didn't think to compare the methods used for killing each one.

"If our soldiers can't land killing blows, what good does this information do us?" Hope asks.

"Boy, you still zink like a civilian sometimes." Hans says, shaking his head with a sigh. "Attrition! Wars of attrition can benefit us greatly since our enemies are unintelligent and hive-minded. We can surprise zem, burn zem, cause zem to regenerate more slowly until zey collapse from exhaustion. Zen, one good shot to zee head might finish zem off! Alternatively, we can make autonomous weapons focusing on wielding fire and flames!"

He pulls up images of the Warframes he's been building, weapons of war humanity has not yet seen fit to use, but when paired with this new knowledge might make them extremely effective against the new Kolvaxian horde.

"We must zink creatively if we are to stand a chance against zis new Threat." Hans says, as he opens up multiple images and sketches of designs for new Warframes focused on battling the Plague. "Not only fire, but other forms of attack may be essential for combating zese new foes. You say zeir bodies are indestructible? I zink not! I remember Jason made a sword zat can cut any material. Why not equip such weapons onto our new Warframes, hmm?"

At the mention of Jason's name, Hope's face darkens slightly, but he doesn't say anything. Interrupting Hans now wouldn't be prudent, and it wouldn't accomplish anything anyway.

"_Cut any material?_" Psymin scoffs. "_Impossible. Pseudo Excalibur could not cut the real Excalibur._"

"Zat is because zee true Excalibur is shrouded in a powerful aura of light energy," Hans says with a smile. "Zee fake Excalibur is fantastic against mundane materials, such as zose comprising zee Kolvaxian bodies. It is not so effective against special energy such as magic."

He pivots on a dime. "Hope, tell me about zee special alloy Jason summoned. What do you know about it?"

"Special alloy?" Hope asks, before remembering that weird platform Jason conjured beneath the allied armies. "I don't know what it was..."

"I bet it was somezing you could make." Hans says, with a flippant wave of his hand. "If not, zen go ask Jason how he made it. Such an alloy would make my Warframes impervious to damage! We could crush zee Kolvaxians with ease!"

"I'm not asking Jason _shit_." Hope grouches. "I'll figure out how to make that alloy or whatever. Don't you even worry about it."

"Right, right. Zen let us talk about my many other ideas in full," Hans continues.

He launches into a long explanation of his many ideas, causing Psymin's face to rapidly vacillate between expressions ranging from shock, to outrage, to anger, to disbelief, and even to outright confusion.

"Zee Plague is drawn to life energy. We could fake life energy on other worlds to draw zee Plague away from our most sensitive planets and safe harbors!"

"Instead of killing zee Plague when it attacks, why not trap it? Use Stasis Cannons to create time-bubbles zat will trap zee Plaguehosts in temporal micro-realms 1,000 times slower than realspace!"

"We could also trap zem with gravity bombs, similar to Diablo's power. Slow zem down, place zem under gravity one zousand times stronger than the local planet zey've infested. Zen we can pick zem off with ease!"

"Hope can make dimensional pockets of space, yes? Zen why not create a dimension zat we can shunt zee Plaguehosts into with special weapons or other gadgets? We could teleport zem into zee special dimension, effectively getting rid of zem!"

"Oh, and once inside, why not start a fire zat burns hotter zen zee core of a star? Hope, you can do such a zing, yes?"

"How about targeting their biological weaknesses? Nanites could disassemble zee Plague at zee atomic level, causing zem to turn to dust after zee nanites have devoured zeir bodies from zee inside-out!"

"And why stop zeir? We could bury nanites inside zee crusts of planets zee Plague is likely to attack, causing any burrowing hosts to be eaten alive before zey can even reach zee surface. We might never even know zey were zere!"

"Oh, and about zis material, 'Trifrancium'. Is rare, yes? Why not try to find ways to make more of it? Surely, with zee Wordsmith's power, we can invent some way to create Trifrancium farms, even if poor and inefficient!"

Finally, after hearing too much nonsense, Psymin blows her stack.

"_Outrageous! Trifrancium farms! Impossible! You speak nonsense. Trifrancium cannot be replicated. You are ignorant. Stupid mud-dweller!_"

"Stupid?" Hans asks, frowning at the Volgrim who he now realizes has been looking down on him the entire time. "You're stupid! Your whole family is stupid! You zink I do not know zee amazing technical marvels your people have made? Boring! Lacking in imagination! You make big death weapons zat hit hard but have no special flourishes. Where do you get off calling me stupid, hmm?"

Psymin doesn't back down. Her robotic voice turns slightly gargled as she strains to speak more words than usual. "_Your ideas will not work. Impossible to create. How can we fake life energy? How can we mass-produce dimensional pockets? The conservation of energy prohibits this. You ignore reality!_"

Hope raises an eyebrow. Solomon shakes his head, laughing at the exchange of barbs.

They both know what's coming next.

"And you call ME ignorant!" Hans barks back. "Verdammt! Stupid Volgrim woman! Why worry about the limits of reality when we have a Wordsmith on our side? Do you not understand how incredible magic-based technology is?! Of COURSE we can shunt zee Kolvaxians into pocket dimensions. It is as easy as performing a party trick! Hope can do zat in his sleep!"

"_Plagueborn neutralize magic._" Psymin points out, waving her hands angrily. "_Power similar to Gressil. Eerily similar._"

"Big deal. So what?!" Hans snorts. "Neutralizing magical spells is not zee same as neutralizing zee loopholes used to make magic-based weapons. Ptuh! I spit in zee face of physical limitations! Hope and I will show you how zee true ingenuity of humanity can easily topple reality!"

Hope crosses his arms. "Damn right. If Hans says it can be done, I'll believe him."

"Hans is one of the greatest minds I've ever encountered." Solomon adds, backing Hope up. "You should not be so quick to judge him. If Phoebe wasn't overshadowing him all this time, he'd have been one of humanity's brightest shining stars."

Psymin does not appear impressed. She groans and turns away, unable to believe the idiocy of these simpletons. Even Solomon has somehow been deluded by the wild and fanciful claims of this raving madman.

Genius? What genius?! He's going to waste resources on wild goose chases!

All she knows is that bringing Hans to the Hall of Heroes was the biggest mistake made by humanity so far. With the Plague looming in the not-so-distant future, a catastrophe will surely swallow the Milky Way, along with all its inhabitants.

She softly sighs, causing a raspy robotic noise to rumble from her vocal cords.

"_Such is the foolishness of mud-dwellers._" She mutters to nobody in particular.

Amelia looks at Hans with defiant eyes.

"Don't let Psymin get you down. Let's show this Volgrim what us 'mud-dwellers' can accomplish when we put our minds to a task!"

"You said it!" Hope adds.

While Psymin watches, Hans immediately gets to work teleporting the Warframes from Tarus II into his new workshop, falling into a zen state as he hurriedly jumps right into the first stages of his new life in the Hall of Heroes.

Hope, meanwhile, thinks to himself about one important matter only he can specifically work on.

_Henry is my soldier. I can't let Jason take him away with a fancy present. As good as that sword is, it doesn't suit a sniper like Henry well._

_I need to make him a Big Fucking Gun._