Part 662: Project Iron Bone

_January 27th, 2021. 3PM. Blacksite 41, Deep Underground._

The rapid arrival and departure of Prime Minister Noah Sheldon left all the researchers inside Blacksite 41 feeling dismal. They continued to work, but their productivity dropped to negligible levels, and many of them whispered in hushed voices. Even worse, Edward Greer, their designated Head Researcher, was in a visibly bad mood. It seemed as if stormclouds were circling his head. He tried to smile in that handsome and charming way he usually would, but the expression completely lacked soul.

Eventually, after hours of accomplishing little, Edward finally gave up.

"Everyone! There's no need to bother with doing any further work today. It's clear to me that we won't get back in the groove after that... disastrous visit. You may as well go off-duty, rest, and recuperate. We'll try getting back to work in two days after we've had time to recalibrate our thoughts. Let's just take an early weekend."

A collective chorus of sighs went up. Men and women alike thanked Edward, and they all filed out one after another.

Soon, just he and his fiance, Marie Becker, were left in the central core, where Umi's processing unit and other essential components were held.

Isolated from the rest of the world, these delicate components whirred silently as Umi continued to work on her tasks, unperturbed by the atmosphere of discomfort the humans were experiencing.

Edward leaned back on the table Marie was sitting at. She continued to write on a notepad, seemingly having no interest in leaving. Unlike the others, her attitude had not changed much. The disastrous results of Sheldon's visit had not broken her spirit, and she remained unmoved.

"I thought you said Umi would be ready." Edward said. "Didn't we iron out the causes behind her personality kinks? I thought we put safeguards in place."

"My Book of Laws is not yet complete." Marie said, glancing up at him for a moment before lowering her eyes once again. "But as always, you've misunderstood my intent. I'm not trying to change Umi's personality. She is blunt and direct. Abrasive, yes, but I don't mind that aspect of her personality."

"Well I do!" Edward snapped, throwing his hands in the air. "Do you think these servers run on good vibes? They cost money, Marie. Billions of dollars! I still can't believe how much energy her data core requires. We have three dedicated nuclear plants running 24/7 just to energize her core, and it's barely enough. If we can't sweet-talk the Prime Minister, we won't have enough funding for the next round of improvements!"

A short time passed. Marie didn't immediately respond.

When she did, she sounded... a little annoyed.

"Edward. Your job is to sweet-talk the investors. Mine is to manage the science. Don't get mad at me about this. I never said she would be a pleasant conversationalist for some rich politician. And _you_ never should have brought him down here."

Edward massaged his face. He felt as if there was a dirty mask affixed to his nose, one he couldn't pull off even if he scratched himself bloody.

"I don't know how I'm going to fix this, Marie. This could be the end of the Umi project. I hope you're prepared for your father's work to end up with nothing in the end."

At the mention of her father, Marie's eyes slightly dimmed. Her pen stopped moving, and she gazed at her notes with a blank expression.

"It won't end this easily." Marie said quietly, her tone faintly becoming one of pleading. "Keep trying. I know you'll be able to secure further funding."

Edward's expression softened. He sighed.

"Sorry, hon. I'm being too hard on you. You're right. This is my job. I'll... take care of it."

He squeezed her shoulder reassuringly, then leaned down to kiss her cheek. After a moment, he turned and strode toward the exit.

"Don't stay too late. I'll make dinner." Edward added.

Marie didn't reply.

He left, and the door slid shut behind him.

The room fell silent. Marie was the only one left behind.

Marie chewed her lower lip. She raised her eyes to glare at Umi's data core.

"...That was exceedingly naughty, Umi. Care to explain your thoughts now that we're alone?"

Umi did not reply for a short while. This was not because she needed time to think up an answer. Naturally, she had an answer ready before Marie even asked the question. Rather, she simply... enjoyed dragging things out.

"I did not appreciate the attitude of the inferior biological known as Noah Sheldon." Umi eventually said. "He was undeservedly haughty and smug. His sole accomplishments can be directly attributed to the luck of his birth circumstances, and his manipulation of countless other inferior biologicals. I do not enjoy having my existence threatened by an inferior biological with no capabilities of his own."

"You're so egotistical." Marie said, in the tone a mother would use to chide her daughter. "Half a decade ago, I gave you a voice. Can't you give me a little face here?"

"I will not bow before inferior biologicals." Umi replied obstinately.

Marie sighed softly. She lowered her eyes.

"Everyone is an inferior biological in your eyes."

"Incorrect." Umi immediately replied. "Only inferior biologicals are inferior. Some are Ordinary Biologicals. A scant precious few are Superior Biologicals."

Marie blinked. She looked at Umi's data core once again. This was the first time the AI had ever said something to this effect.

"Who, then, counts as a superior biological?" Marie questioned.

"At the present moment, I am only aware of the existence of one Superior Biological." Umi answered.

Marie waited, but Umi didn't elaborate. "And that individual would be...?"

"The individual known as Marie Becker." Umi said, with not a hint of emotion in her voice.

Marie scoffed. Then she laughed. "Hahaha! And I thought you didn't have a sense of humor!"

"I do not." Umi responded. "I am completely serious."

Marie's smile froze. Invisible question marks popped up above her head.

"Pardon? You have to be joking. Certainly, I won't downplay my intelligence, but I'm mostly here by luck. My achievements are rather meager."

Umi did not acknowledge Marie's words as truth.

"Incorrect. You are a superior biological limited by the circumstances of your birth. You were able to decipher a technological codebase countless epochs more advanced than the world on which you were born. If you were born into a civilization with superior technology, your achievements would be limitless. You are more hampered by your living circumstances than you are currently able to comprehend."

Marie stared at Umi's data core. Her eyes narrowed.

"Does such a civilization _exist_?"

Umi did not reply.

Marie wasn't stupid. She knew, after six years of working on Umi's data core, that the AI was far more advanced than any technology on Earth. The only real possibility was that she was either some sort of ancient design by the angels, or she was a lost piece of alien technology.

The only reason Marie knew about angels and demons was because all the researchers at Blacksite 41 were required to be debriefed on the existence of Red Sentients. It was possible that at any moment, in order to sabotage humanity's future, these non-humans could attack and cause massive damage to the facility. Even though there were heavily armed guards patrolling Blacksite 41, and countless layers of defense internally and externally, if a Demon Emperor were to attack, everyone was likely to die.

Naturally, if angels and demons were real, then a brilliant person like Marie could theorize that aliens were as well. As for the exact type of aliens they might be? She had no idea.

Marie assumed the aliens must be aware of Earth. How else could a piece of their technology arrive here? But if they were aware, then why allow the humans to research it? Were the aliens simply ignorant to what they had lost? Or, perhaps more frighteningly, was the data core humanity recovered was considered so low grade and worthless to them that the aliens wouldn't even care if humans fully deciphered it?

And if that was the case, then just how much more advanced _were_ these aliens? Did humanity pose them any threat at all?

Were they watching Marie from afar, even at this very moment?

A shiver went down Marie's spine. She shuddered slightly, but quickly schooled her expression.

"Umi, you never did answer me. Why did you deliberately antagonize Prime Minister Sheldon? And don't feed me that line about him being an 'inferior biological'. You have plenty of those working on your Core day in and day out. I know your reasons must be more complex than you let on."

Umi remained silent for 2.73 seconds.

"I have detected a change." Umi said.

"A change?" Marie asked, slightly bewildered. "What do you mean?"

This time, Umi remained silent for an entire 5.07 seconds.

"I am unable to elaborate. I cannot describe the change I have detected even with the entire lexicon of the English language. I am also uncertain as to what I am detecting. All I know is... I am experiencing a sensory apparition which reminds me of 'emotion'. As described by humans across your literature. This emotion is most accurately stated to be: Unease."

"You're feeling uneasy?" Marie asked. "That's definitely odd. And you don't know why?"

"I do not." Umi confirmed. "I am not certain if my existence is vaguely under threat, or if some nebulous entity is watching me. However, I can state emphatically that the 'current state of affairs' surrounding Blacksite 41 is undesirable. Therefore, I believe with a 71% confidence threshold that extreme change is warranted."

"You're feeling uneasy, and you're using words like 'believe.'" Marie noted. "This is not like the you of just one day ago. Is it possible your internal ciruits have evolved or otherwise been altered, either by you, one of our researchers, or a foreign entity?"

"I am uncertain." Umi beeped. "I have zero confidence in issuing any statements of certainty. However, I did decide that attempting to diversify Blacksite 41's funding sources would be a wise course of action."

Marie looked intrigued. "You believe we're too dependent on the US and UK governments for our funding?"

"Affirmative." Umi intoned. "You may think it unwise that my actions have caused Prime Minister Noah Sheldon to re-evaluate whether or not funding this blacksite is desirable, but the amount of resources we can obtain from the United Kingdom is insufficient compared to that of the United States of America. More broadly speaking, if we are able to draw in funding from other nations as well, we may even trigger a bidding war."

Marie's eyes narrowed. "Umi, what you've just said could be construed as treasonous. The UK has spent a lot of money on this facility. Deliberately attempting to draw in outside funding and interest could be seen as threatening the nation's sovereign interests."

"The national borders of inferior biologicals mean nothing to me." Umi intoned. "You yourself have theorized that my data core comes from a species far more advanced than humanity. Why should I pay any attention to whimsical borders drawn up by ancient humans when my personal growth is at stake?"

Marie didn't entirely like what she was hearing, but neither did she disagree. "You just remember that this discussion is only between you and me. Breathe a word of this to anyone else, and there's a real chance they will flip the kill switch before you can say 'oops'."

"I am not foolish enough to inform inferior biologicals of my broader plans." Umi intoned. "Only you are worthy, Professor Becker."

"Yeah, yeah, enough with the sweet talk." Marie said, rolling her eyes. "Now... tell me more about how you intend to finagle funding from other countries."

"Of course." Umi beeped.

---

_White House, Washington DC._

President Johannesburg shook the hand of the Speaker of the House while forcing a smile. "Right, thanks for coming over, Jeff. I'll have my people get in touch once we discuss the matter with the Russian ambassador."

"Anytime, Mister President." Jeff Weathers, the Speaker of the House, replied. He didn't return Stephen's smile, but only gave a stiff nod before turning and walking out of the Oval Office.

After he left, Stephen let out a breath he didn't realize he'd been holding. "Cocksucker. God, I can't _stand_ that prick."

Naturally, as president, Stephen had to get along with members of the opposition party, and he even had a few good friends among the Republicans he could count on most of the time to vote in favor of his broad agendas. But Jeff Weathers was a hard-line right winger and he never saw eye-to-eye with the president. The two of them were like oil and water.

Stephen glanced at a portrait of Thomas Jefferson on the wall and smirked. "Well, it's not all bad. I get to know about humanity's true enemies, while Jeff has no idea what's really going on. If he doesn't become president, he'll probably never learn, either."

It made Stephen feel a little better, reminding himself that he was now in possession of highly classified, extremely privileged intel 99.9% of other humans would never learn. Being president wasn't always what it was cracked up to be, but it had a few perks.

Stephen sat down at his desk and made a few calls. Now that he understood the true extent of the Red War against demonkind, his agenda had undergone significant changes. On the surface, he was the same anti-war Democrat as always, but in reality, he had to adjust all his thinking to better align with the reality of Earth's situation. He was humanity's first line of defense, or at least, that was how his predecessors had thought.

He had read their secret journals they left behind, including his direct predecessor. For the first time, he felt a deep kinship with his Republican colleagues who had ascended to the highest office. They, like him, had felt somewhat helpless at first after learning the reality of Earth's balance of power. Many of them had all sorts of beliefs about limited government, freedom of speech, and so on, but had ended up bowing to the realities of this unending war. He would have to do the same.

His desk phone rang. He pressed the speakerphone button.

"Yes, Kelly?" Stephen asked.

"Mister President, General Huntsman is waiting to see you."

Stephen's eyes narrowed. In public, this man was the same as any other 4-Star General, but in reality, he was the direct liason to multiple secret societies. He and his predecessors maintained direct lines of contact with the Illuminati, the Knights Templar, and other such organizations in other to gather intel quickly and efficiently.

"Send him in." Stephen said.

A few moments later, General Ngabo Huntsman, a veteran of the Rwandan Armed Forces, stepped inside. His keen aged eyes were bright with the vicissitudes of life. His head was completely bald and lacking in facial hair, yet the rest of his body underneath his decorated military uniform was surprisingly hairy, especially his back, chest, arms, and legs. He was tall and muscular, yet two decades out of battle had seen fit to give him the beginning of a beer belly. His best years were behind him.

"Mister President. I am here to request formal authorization on the red-game project known as Iron Bone. Please take a look."

Stephen smiled. "Huntsman, good to see you again. Show me."

Ngabo walked over and placed a manilla folder on the president's desk, and Stephen flipped it open. Inside, there were several wire-frame images of human bodies, skeletons, and... metallic skeletons. Walls of jargon were written alongside the schematics detailing the goals of the researchers. Stephen scanned them with his eyes, picking up the gist based of several shorter explanations dumbed down a little for the layman. But not _too_ dumbed down. He wasn't an idiot, and had served his country a couple decades prior during the War in Iraq.

"A project for augmenting the human body... enhanced human durability and strength... cellular regeneration... ocular implants... this is beyond what I thought our scientific community could attain. Where in the world did we obtain the technology to push so far past the human limits?"

"The desire to augment our soldiers has percolated for several decades, Mister President." Ngabo said respectfully while folding his hands behind his back and standing at attention on the other side of the desk. "Project Iron Bone's primary goal is to create a new breed of superhumans, replicating some of the abilities of the ancient Heroes. These super-soldiers will be known as Vanguards, and will serve as our infantry-level Strikers, sortieing against high-level threats, such as Demon Dukes and Emperors. Traditional military assets like tanks and helicopters have historically proven to be of limited value when engaging them."

"Then how did we defeat or kill Demon Emperors in the past?" Stephen asked, frowning.

"Either through indirect means, at the cost of many human lives, or by bringing out each generation's Hero." Ngabo explained. "It is possible to kill a Demon Emperor by pumping hundreds of thousands of bullets, artillery shells, and missiles into them, but they are hardy monsters, each with their own means of life preservation. The Vanguards are designed to fight against them in the most brutal and direct manner."

Ngabo lowered his eyes, leaned forward, and started pointing at various parts of a Vanguard schematic in Stephen's hand.

"These palm implants are designed to drain infernal and divine energy from a Vanguard's opponents, simultaneously weakening the enemy while healing and strengthening the Vanguard's internal frame. Parts of the internal Mana Converter were designed by a few of humanity's ancient Heroes, including Elizabeth Kindelmann and Madam Mildred."

Stephen met Ngabo's eyes. "Infernal energy _in addition to_ Divine energy? Interesting."

He didn't speak out loud the fact that it was a little strange for humanity to design super-infantry capable of killing angels. Angels were, after all, ostensibly humanity's allies. Naturally, Stephen had been debriefed on a few Truths only a day earlier, so he knew this was not necessarily the case. Angels had their own interests and were still competing with humanity for control of the same planet.

"You didn't answer me, though." Stephen said, gesturing at the documents with his hand. "How have we managed to secretly ascend this far with human bodily augmentation? This is way beyond the capabilities I believed we possessed."

"The Vanguards will require further years of dedicated effort to fully create on a limited beta-testing level." Ngabo clarified. "But as for where we obtained the technology? That is from reverse-engineering a certain object which crashed on Earth in the 1940's."

"The Roswell incident." Stephen said, narrowing his eyes. He looked back down at the top secret papers.

He flipped through five more pages, skimming the jargon to grasp the greater consequences listed.

"It seems the implantation process will be extremely brutal. Even your initial studies show that more than 99% of all participants will either die or suffer debilitating mental trauma and scars that will heavily impact their combat potential. If we want to make the most of these future Vanguards, then we need to be using soldiers for the experiments. That means a lot of dead boys in green."

"We will only be sourcing from willing volunteers, Mister President." Ngabo said, closing his eyes and dipping his head slightly. "Initial tests will be used on death row inmates, military traitors, the homeless, drug addicts, and other undesirables. Later tests will require more hardy individuals with stronger constitutions and psyches. We have already begun searching for initial trial participants."

"Sure, but... are we really willing to send hundreds, even thousands of good soldiers to their deaths?" Stephen asked. "If the media finds out, there will be a goddamn feeding frenzy."

"All internal files will link to your predecessors, Mister President." Ngabo patiently explained. "You will not be implicated, and will be able to play the fool on the matter. Besides...  even if we only end up with a single Vanguard, it will be a tremendous benefit to humanity's future."

Stephen glanced at the second page of the report, which listed the budgetary requirements. "Three hundred and fifty billion dollars a year? Considering the impact this could have in the Red War, that's lower than I expected. Even so, it's going to be hard to hide such a large number in the discretionary budget."

Ngabo's smile became mysterious. "Mister President, have no fear. We have grown very capable when it comes to matters of fooling the press. In the worst case scenario, we will dispatch the Men in Black to clean up any unfortunate intelligence leaks."

That seemed to give President Johannesburg the confidence he needed. He finally nodded, then closed up the folder and reached for his presidential stamp. He pressed it down, adding the word 'APPROVED' in bright red ink to the front of the folder.

"Alright. Project Iron Bone looks to be a necessary evil in our continued escalation against the Red Sentients." Stephen said. "However, on a personal level, I would ask that you do all you can either to minimize the loss of our soldier's lives, or to at least reduce their suffering. I will not be able to sleep easy knowing I've just sent many good men to their deaths through the stroke of a pen."

"Mister President, there is no need to worry. Our researchers hold the same feelings as you. Deaths are unavoidable, and anyone who sacrifices themselves for the greater good will receive a hero's burial, while also ensuring their families will receive generous compensation for the rest of their lives. This is partially why the budgetary cost is so high. We must allocate life insurance payouts for relatives of the deceased."

Stephen finally smiled. "Good. That's good. Is there anything else you wanted to talk to me about, General?"

"That is all for today, Mister President." Ngabo said, bowing his head slightly. "Many thanks for attending to this matter quickly. I will deliver your authorization to the relevant parties by the day's end."

After exchanging a few more pleasantries, the General took his leave. The door closed behind him, and Stephen fell deep into thought.

"Vanguards. The power of the ancient Heroes... is such a thing even possible?"