Part 464: Marie's Grand Plan

Back inside the Remnant Oasis's primary research facility.

Marie Becker and Phoebe Hiro wait until Jason has left with Rebecca. After the other two depart, Phoebe turns to look at the eccentric scientist-lady.

"So! Miss Becker. Kar used to talk about you all the time. Sorry it took us so long to meet."

"It's fine." Marie says, smiling warmly. "I have been keeping an eye on you for quite a while, Miss Hiro. You have quite the impressive list of accomplishments. Certainly more than that husband of yours."

Phoebe's eye twitches. "No offense, but I would prefer if you didn't insult Jason. Especially when he's not around."

"It's not an insult to him, but a compliment to you." Marie counters. "Imagine a normal human woman of no noteworthy background outperforming her Hero husband. It's quite praiseworthy, don't you think?"

"I... I don't think so at all." Phoebe says, shifting on her feet uncomfortably. "Besides. I possessed Solomon's Crown for a long time. I'm not like you, a self-taught genius. I cheated."

"Jason also had the Crown. And for longer than you!" Marie points out. "Yet he still comes up... lacking. It's not the access to knowledge that forms a genius, but how they use that information. Why, even when I was a teenager, I had many classmates who sat around, lazily wasting their time in school, college, and eventually university. Perhaps they couldn't download the entire summary of human knowledge into their brains, but even if they could, I believe they would have wasted their potential."

A momentary pause follows as Phoebe rubs her arm.

"Do you regret it? Not having access to Solomon's Crown, I mean?"

"It would have assisted me greatly." Marie acknowledges. "But at this point in my life, donning that Crown would be a slap across my face. Look at what I accomplished without it! Perhaps I might even be more intelligent than the Knowledge Seeker himself... who can say?"

"From what I gather, you were Humanity's Greatest Inventor." Phoebe says. "You singlehandedly kept the Volgrim at bay for decades and decades."

"I did. And it still wasn't enough." Marie says, sighing to herself. "Sometimes, no matter how incredible you are, an obstacle will eventually appear that you cannot overcome..."

The two nod together about their shared thoughts. Then Marie gestures toward the hallway leading into her primary facility.

"Walk with me."

She and Phoebe head out of the entryway. Phoebe gets the shock of her life as she enters the deeper, more secure areas, causing her eyes to sparkle with glee. While Jason may have been visibly shocked by the level of technology on display, Phoebe becomes a little overwhelmed. Her eyes jump erratically from one pane-glass room to another. She gazes with excitement at various weapons, tools, gadgets, and other pieces of High Technology far beyond the ones she's made in her free time.

"Incredible! Wow!" Phoebe squeals like a little girl. "You can use Dilithium in that way?! And what sorts of Transducers are those?"

Marie smiles again. She doesn't look down on Phoebe like she did with Jason, but instead enjoys a slight feeling of superiority while also getting to treat Phoebe in the way an old mentor might treat a potential protege.

"Your husband isn't capable of appreciating the full extent of what the Remnant Oasis can offer. But then again, he grew up in an era where he watched thousands of science fiction movies. You, on the other hand, lived during an era well before technology became widespread. It isn't even in your mental space to imagine some of the potential technology can have on a mass scale."

Phoebe nods along absentmindedly to Marie's words. "It's shocking how... how comprehensive the technology in the Oasis is! Rebecca was showing me the various bio-spheres you maintained to continue breeding indigenous Earth species, as well as some advanced shielding and stealth technology you use to suppress the Oasis's presence from space."

"Currently, the Volgrim are the only space-dwelling people in the Milky Way, but that could change at any point in the future." Marie says, her smile fading ever so slightly. Phoebe doesn't notice due to her preoccupation with the research facility's sights and wonders. "The protections I've placed on this facility are simply my attempt to anticipate future threats and make myself less visible to them."

Phoebe turns back to the Head Scientist. "So what exactly is your goal here, then? Are you working for the Volgrim? For yourself? I've always wondered why you let humanity rot under demonkind's thumb. Surely you must have a bigger purpose..."

"It's complicated." Marie says flatly. "But also simpler than you think. My ultimate goal is to protect our existence. Not just mine, or my Cybernites. Not just humanity... but the Volgrim, the Demons, and the others too. Because the Threat is always out there. Our petty wars mean little in the Cosmic Scale. If we don't sort out our differences, we'll become fodder for the biggest fish in the pond."

Phoebe blinks twice, not quite understanding Marie, yet getting the distinct impression Marie won't be holding much back in their conversation.

"What is the Threat, then?" Phoebe asks.

Marie doesn't directly answer her question. Instead, the scientist responds with a question of her own.

"Do you know what my technological specialty is, Miss Hiro?"

"I... don't know you well at all." Phoebe says hesitantly. "And frankly, I don't know what you're asking. Specialty? As in...?"

"I was fairly certain you hadn't spoken with Technopaths on any deep level." Marie remarks. "Guess that confirms my suspicions. You see, in Technopath culture, every individual has a Technological Specialty. Most Technopaths have plenty of general knowledge, but 'technology' as a whole is an extremely broad topic, and a society of generalists will not be able to improve as quickly as a society with lots of specialists. So, the vast majority of Technopaths choose to specialize in one or two specific fields. For example, Warp Drive Physics, Quantum Mechanics, Modularity, Armor Improvement, Battery Efficiency, and so on."

She pauses.

"Now, given this information, what field do you think I specialize in?"

Phoebe glances around the lab for a moment.

"Robotics?"

"Nope. Well, I certainly have accomplishments in that field, but in fact, my technological specialty is... Miniaturization."

"Oh?" Phoebe replies. "You shrink things down?"

"That's right. Take a look over here." Marie says, walking Phoebe to a nearby storage room. A label rests on its heavy metal door, one which reads 'Head Researcher's Storage Unit 001.'

Marie opens the door to the seemingly nondescript storage unit, revealing a wall of neatly organized tools, gadgets, and goodies, all made from exotic technology. Phoebe finds it hard to focus on any one specific item, since they all appear so futuristic and dazzling. Not only are there rows of highly advanced power armor stretching off half a mile into the distance, but an entire shelf of electronic eyeballs that look like they were made to replace human eyes. The room continues for so long that it almost seems as if it might wrap all the way around the planet.

The Head Scientist picks up a small wristwatch-looking device and holds it up in front of Phoebe's face to grab her attention.

"You see this? This is a warp drive, shrunken down to grant a human the power of traveling through space at post-relativistic speeds."

"A warp drive?!" Phoebe exclaims. "But... but how?"

"You cannot use it. No human can." Marie explains. "Only an enhanced human. A Cybernite. Your body would explode the instant you activated it. I created it and a few other devices to ensure that if I ever left Earth, but my ship was destroyed, I wouldn't be trapped in interstellar space for the rest of eternity. Trust me. There are fates worse than death, and that would be one of them."

Marie gently places the Compact Warp Drive back on the table, then holds up a seemingly ordinary ring with a green emerald nestled in its top.

"What trick do you suppose this ring holds?" Marie asks.

Phoebe raises her eyebrow. After a few seconds of deliberation, she shrugs.

"Does it shoot a laser?"

Marie slowly blinks. "Lucky guess. Yes. This is a self-defense device I created to increase my arsenal whenever I leave the Remnant Oasis. I don't leave often, but when I do, I take care to make sure I'm always prepared for anything. This ring can fire a bolt of energy capable of demolecularizing even a 6th-Level Psion instantly. The rate of fire isn't high, but it's intended to be a quick surprise, not a weapon for extended engagements."

Marie places the ring back on the table. She continues showing off a few more gadgets, each of which surprises Phoebe just as much as the one before it.

After concluding, Marie stands up straight and crosses her arms.

"My specialization is Miniaturization. Why do you suppose I chose this field in particular to focus on?"

"I can think of a few reasons." Phoebe says. "You seem to value self-preservation and your own life a great deal. Smaller devices don't take as many resources to create, and since you live underneath a dead planet's crust, that probably matters a lot to you. Aside from that, you seem to like the aesthetics of tiny devices too...?"

"Aesthetics are hardly a reason." Marie snorts. "Simply put, miniaturization has a tremendous number of upsides, as well as an equal number of limitations. Physics is a field of science with extremely strict rules, rules which cannot easily be bent. In order to miniaturize large tech and compress it into a human-sized form factor, I have to make an incalculable number of compromises. The biggest net benefit is a near-100% reduction in energy costs. A wrist-worn Warp Drive barely requires a single gram of Trifrancium to fling me across the cosmos. But the downside is, it takes decades, even centuries of research to successfully miniaturize existing tech. Even then, it's often only partially workable and still requires many iterations to become cost effective. That's why miniaturization is one of the least-studied fields of technology by the Volgrim."

Phoebe gazes at Marie in surprise. "The Technopaths don't focus on miniaturization? Surely, in an empire of trillions..."

"There are a few. But miniaturization is not a field one can 'dabble' in. There are two, perhaps three 'High Technopaths' who can miniaturize as effectively as me. Even then, there are so many untouched fields of technology that have yet to be studied that I have many unique paths I can 'branch off' into. For example, I am the _only_ person who has properly miniaturized warp drive travel. I've sold a few of my wristbands to certain high-ranking Volgrim, but it would take their Technopath specialists tens of millennia before they reverse engineered the devices. Not that they have the time to bother, what with the Plague bearing down on them..."

Marie chuckles.

"Heh. In any case, I'm making a point here. I specialize in a certain field and I am _very_ good at what I do. But how about you, Miss Hiro? Do you have a specialty?"

Phoebe squeezes her hands together. "I... I hadn't given it much thought until now, Miss Becker. I guess I simply... dabble."

"You dabble." Marie repeats, her tone dry. "I guessed as much. It's not your fault. You've never thought much about these things because you only invent things to try and help out humanity's ever-changing political and military situation. You haven't had time to sit and think about your future plans. It's fine for now, while you're just starting out, but it will come back to haunt you in the future."

Phoebe knits her brow. She chews her lower lip thoughtfully while her eyes become slightly glazed.

"Do... do you have any idea what I should focus on?"

"You're a smart woman." Marie says. "Not as brilliant as me, but nobody is. If I tell you what to do, I'll only hurt your future potential.  It's much better if you think about what sort of technology 'calls' out to you. But I do have a few... recommendations."

Marie waves her hand. Suddenly, as if by magic, a familiar device appears in her palm, a circular gadget with long straps hanging out of its sides and dangling between her fingers.

Phoebe's eyes pop open. "A T-REX! How did you...?"

"How did I get access to one of your piddly little nano-armor modules?" Marie asks. "Tarus II's security is shoddy. I could stroll into your midst and kill the lot of you without ever being detected. You _really_ need to upgrade your detection capabilities. Even for primitives, it's embarrassing."

She rolls her eyes.

"Anyway. This cute little gadget is an adequate, if imperfect, nano-armor conjuration module. I particularly appreciate how you chose to 'link' the nanites together to harden the armor's composition. Simple and effective, if a bit clumsy. Going by the detail you put into this 'T-REX,' have you considered investing yourself into the field of nanotechnology?"

"Isn't that the same as what you do?" Phoebe asks.

"By no means. I miniaturize existing technology. Nanotechnology is entirely different. You would build _new_ devices using nanites. You could make configurable devices that change their shape at will. Armor capable of shifting between multiple viable forms. Nanite-based technology is inherently less powerful at specific tasks, but it makes up for this flaw though customization and versatility. You won't be able to make a Compact Warp Drive with nanites, but you could create a surprisingly robust military loadout for all your soldiers at an individual level. There are plenty of specialists in nanotechnology among my Cybernites, as well as among the Volgrim Empire. I could refer you to them, if this field interests you."

Phoebe frowns even more deeply than before.

"It does interest me. But... I don't know. I'd want to talk to Jason before committing to something as important as this."

Marie scoffs. "Your dependency on a man is your greatest limitation. Take it from me. Men are _stupid idiot pigs_. They'll cheat on you and leave you behind without a moment's warning. I certainly wouldn't entrust my future plans to a foolish-"

"I talk to my husband about everything." Phoebe interrupts politely. "I'm sorry you've had bad luck with men, Miss Becker. But I cherish my time with Jason, and I adore him. Even when we disagree, we respect each other. I would never throw that away willingly."

Marie bites back the rest of what she was going to say. "Fine. Suit yourself. Another field you might consider is Mechanized Warfare. I saw the 'spider-mechs' you wielded during Stormbringer. Slow, clumsy, and ultimately ineffective, but they did provide you with certain useful moments of contact with the enemy forces. And your 'Planetwalkers," they were extremely effective in dealing with the demons... though I fear that if you were to face a more _competent_ enemy they would not last long."

"Mechs are indeed quite useful..." Phoebe says noncommittally. "I'm just not sure, though."

"There are plenty of other options available to you." Marie says. "You've dabbled in dozens of fields. Now, you need only narrow your interest to one or two fields to start your journey on the path of mastering them. Even better, those two fields should complement each other. For example, Miniaturization and Nanotechnology can go hand in hand. Mechanized Warfare and Long Ranged Firepower are also wonderful companions. Warp Travel and Starship design..."

Phoebe suddenly looks at Marie.

"Well, actually, while we're on that subject, I had an idea I wanted to run past you. I've been looking for someone to talk to about this, but..."

"But nobody can keep up with you?" Marie asks.

"Yes! Exactly." Phoebe answers. "Anyway, so I had this idea for a new type of Warp technology. I've been thinking that the Volgrim's dependence on Dilithium and Trifrancium is incredibly unfortunate. Especially the latter, as it's so rare. Wouldn't it be nice if we could travel from star to star at post-relativistic speeds without requiring exotic fuels?"

Marie snorts. "Of course. But how would you accomplish such a feat? Synthesizing an exotic fuel would require putting in more energy than you'd gain. It's a basic law of thermodynamics."

"Oh, I know that much!" Phoebe laughs. "But, well, do you have something I can draw on? I'll whip you up a model real quick."

Marie shrugs. She pulls out a brain-scanning device that causes Phoebe's eyes to light up in delight. The Wordsmith's Wife quickly puts it on and learns how to funnel her thoughts actively inside of it, then she proceeds to summon a hazy projection of a strange starship design Marie has never seen before.

A small, long, slender ship levitates in front of a supermassive Yellow Giant star. As it hovers there, its front 'opens up' and giant golen sails begin to unfurl.

"I call this a Solar Sail Craft." Phoebe explains. "It functions by absorbing the energy from a star until it reaches a critical saturation of energy, then it ignites all of its fuel and instantly travels to its destination in a single second! Any distance, just one second! It can cross ten lightyears or ten thousand!"

Marie doesn't look impressed. "It's... it's an alternative. But this craft would require years to fill up its reserves. Decades, centuries, even."

"Possibly thousands of years. And the greater the distance you want to travel, the more solar energy it would need to accumulate before it launched." Phoebe acknowledges.

"There's another problem." Marie says. "Anything biological inside the Solar Sail Craft would be instantly obliterated when the vessel launched. It doesn't travel at post-relativistic speeds, but post-temporal speeds. Any humans, Volgrim, or whatever that were inside would instantaneously vaporize and vanish. It's useless as a travel method."

Phoebe's eyes twinkle. "But Marie, who said these would be used to transport passengers?"

"Huh?"

Marie blinks twice. For once, she appears visibly stumped.

"What do you mean? This vessel would be... cargo only?"

Phoebe nods. "That's right. And as for having to wait tens of years or thousands... what if you simply built a lot of them? Hundreds of thousands? All pointed at different areas, orbiting around different stars, each launching at set intervals? You could make an extremely fast and efficient goods-transportation system that didn't require any exotic materials to build or maintain."

Several seconds pass.

Marie stares at the young woman with a sudden look of interest.

"That is... a novel concept. It seems I had a blind spot in my own base of knowledge. I've always fixated on needing to send _people_ around. I would have immediately rejected the idea of Solar Sails if they came to me, but you... you simply came up with a way to make them useful in a specific niche. If the Volgrim had access to Solar Sails, they wouldn't need to spent a hundredth the amount of Dilithium and Trifrancium they currently do on non-personnel transfers. This would allow them to divert all that energy to much more broadly useful areas!"

For the first time in ages, Marie does not force a smile, or squeeze out a polite smile, but instead grins giddily. She exposes her teeth and smiles with the force of a child who has just devoured an entire jar of cookies while her parents weren't looking!

She becomes so happy that starlight practically radiates from her eyes.

"Truly impressive! I take back everything I told you before, Phoebe Hiro. Perhaps you should NOT specialize at all! You keep dabbling and jumping to whatever field you want. You've just imagined an invention that could upend our galactic society as we know it, and you've only been at this work for six years! I cannot wait to see what you will accomplish next!"

The sudden praise from her 'superior' makes Phoebe blush. "It- it wasn't much at all, Miss Becker."

"Come with me!" Marie snaps. "I need to show you something important."

Phoebe pauses. Her happy embarrassment quickly fades as she sees the seriousness in Marie's eyes.

"Something important? Well..."

She hardly gets a moment to think. Marie roughly grabs her by the wrist and drags her deeper, deeper into the Head Researcher's Storage Unit.

Phoebe stumbles along behind Marie, shocked by her overwhelming strength. Phoebe feels as if she were a toddler being yanked around by a gorilla. Marie drags her past so many exotic miniaturized technologies that her head begins to spin.

"Miss Becker, I-"

"We're here." Marie says, stopping abruptly.

She releases Phoebe, then points to a gigantic table standing in the center of a large, open area of the storage. On this table, a huge glass dome rests atop a beautiful, shining city made of pure-white tiles and bricks. Towers and spires stick up at random, while smaller apartments only stand ten and twenty stories tall, but each clearly possesses room for hundreds of people to live.

"Wow." Phoebe says, perhaps involuntarily. "This is a beautiful model city."

"It's a to-scale replica of a planned project of mine." Marie says, crossing her arms. "The Milky Way's ultimate defensive grid. A temporal paradox made manifest in the physical realm. Accessible through any quantum node in any anomalous temporal region. I call it... the Exterior."

Phoebe frowns. "The Exterior? So it sits 'outside' something?"

"Outside our concept of Normalspace." Marie explains. Think of it like a protective membrane which wraps around the Milky Way. The Kolvaxians likely arrived from another galaxy. They were easily able to enter our 'airspace' because we had no way to detect or stop them."

Phoebe stares at the beautiful miniature city with a look of interest.

"How big... exactly... would a 'membrane' which wraps around the entire galaxy even _be_? I feel like I'm missing something important."

"It would be more of a figurative Membrane." Marie explains. Like an invisible detection field that would alert us to any and all intrusions. But it doesn't matter. I cannot see how to break the Temporal Wall. It's too sturdy. I've tried for over 50,000 years and never succeeded. I am even beginning to think it might not be possible."

"Why did you want to show me this, then?" Phoebe asks.

Marie glances at her. Then, she looks away.

A few moments pass.

"...Never mind." Marie says quietly. "I thought you'd understand if I explained. I can't go into specifics. Maybe in the future, I will. For now, rest assured... I am doing everything in my power to protect our fragile galaxy. But even I may fail. I am not a God. I am far from omnipotent."

"Nobody has that power. Nor should they." Phoebe says quietly.

The two women leave the funny table behind and resume their tour of Marie's facility.

All the while, the beautiful, shimmering, miniature city remains in the same place as ever...