Part 538: Melody's Defiance

Despite not quite finishing her objective to amplify the power of her Cosmic Soul by attaching it to every celestial body in the Shredder System, Melody still possesses the true power of a Middle Cosmic.

She launches toward Dosena like a bolt of lightning, practically teleporting as she sends a kick flying at the Second Founder's ribcage!

But in that single instant, Dosena cooly levitates backward and bends her body in such a way that Melody's leg sweeps over her chest, missing by a single millimeter. In the fraction of a second afterward, she flickers across space, teleporting ten kilometers away to put distance between herself and the Deity of Defiance.

Even with such a giant distance between them, a pair of Middle Cosmics can clear the gap in a single second. At their level of power, meters and kilometers become nearly the same, especially when they tap into their metaphysical powers at the highest levels.

[Deity of Defiance. That's a fancy title.] Dosena says, her tone neither one of praise nor of scorn. She crosses her arms and levitates motionlessly. [I have not fought an equal in two million orbital cycles. I once tried to spar with every single Executor in the Volgrim Empire attacking me at the same time. I still had to limit myself to a fraction of my full strength. Let me warn you now: If I go all-out, no mere Middle Cosmic is my match.]

Melody's eyes harden into a look of determination. "We'll see about that!"

Once again, Melody pounces toward her opponent, leaving after-images as she clears that ten kilometer gap almost instantly. She races at Dosena like a ballistic missile, but right before she reaches striking range, a ghostly apparition flies out of Dosena's body and launches a punch at Melody's head.

_THUMP!!_

Melody's vision flickers as a hammer-like force blasts her in the face. She launches backward, struck by that powerful blow, and spins uncontrollably through the Void. It takes her several seconds to shake her senses back into order, and when she does, she finds Dosena hovering in the same spot as before.

This time, however, a phantom levitates beside Dosena, its aura identical to hers, with a body that mirrors the Second Founder in a thousand important ways except for its lack of a face. It has no eyes, nor a nose, nor any other identifying features, making it look like an alien specter she summoned from the distant reaches of the Unknown.

[I am a Brain Enhancer.] Dosena says coolly. [It was the discipline I based my Psionic Seed on. It allowed me to improve my understanding of the psionic arts faster than any of my peers. Later, I even outpaced my seniors. I created the entire discipline of Cerebral Psionics, and none have ever come close to being my match in uncovering its full breadth and scope.]

Melody wipes a tear from her eye, a tear that fell simply due to the pain from Dosena's psionic punch. "...why are you telling me this?"

[You are not my match.] Dosena says. [I have not had an equal to fight in two million years; this much is true. But I long ago came up with a solution for that problem. I taught myself to divide my mind. I created a Psionic Clone with its own thoughts, desires, and will. It can perfectly mimic me, and it can do things even I cannot. In essence, there are two of me, while there is only one of you. If my two halves join together, defeating any other Middle Cosmic is a trifle.]

"The battle hasn't even begun and you're already declaring victory." Melody sneers. "That sneak attack knocked me for a loop, I won't lie. I'm younger than you, I lack experience in how Cosmics fight, and frankly I'm not much of a fighter at heart."

Her expression becomes even more determined.

"But if you believe I'll be a pushover, think again!"

[What I believe does not matter.] Dosena says. [When the Great Wars ended, I purged the existences of every other 9th Level Psion. I fought them all at the same time and won. I do not know why Diablo is so eager to send his newest ally to her death, but I must assume he is planning to strike at me when he thinks my defenses are down...]

Dosena directs a cold glare off into the distance, where the Archdemon levitates in the Void, thousands of kilometers away. As promised, he stays away from the battle, though in truth he remains well within range to rush in and save Melody if things become too dicey.

Dosena returns her gaze to Melody.

[In truth, I do not wish to kill you, nor any of the demons. You are nothing to me but gnats. I have become mentally divorced from the ultimate fate of the Volgrim Empire for a time longer than the sum of your existence. If my people perish, then that will be an unfortunate day for my emotional well-being. But I will survive. The things I truly care about in this cosmos have little to do with affairs involving the mortal world.]

"You sure talk a lot more than I thought you would." Melody grumbles. "If you don't want to kill me, then why even come here?"

Dosena lowers her head and mentally sighs.

[Never mind. I shouldn't waste my time explaining. Every time unit I am away from Volgarius is another time unit my homeworld stands undefended. Let's get this over with and see if you were worth me coming here in person.]

"You're too arrogant!" Melody snarls.

Melody leaps forward at the same time as Dosena's Psionic Clone does. The clone instantly engages in a swift and brutal melee combat with the Deity of Defiance, both of them trading blows at speeds that would leave a mere mortal's eyes spinning in their sockets.

Melody's fists and legs snap out one after the other. Dosena's clone mirrors her movements, meeting them blow for blow! Despite 'only' being formed from a psionic projection, the clone's body is as solid as any flesh and blood body, acting as if its bones were made out of folded steel and its skin out of exotic polycarbonates.

_Crack! Crack! Boom!_

The two trade hundreds of blows in the space of less than a minute. Melody feels the pressure build as she not only assesses her body's strength, but starts tapping into her enhanced demonic powers.

For demons, every increase in demonic ranking grants them newer and more powerful abilities. These abilities do not need to be trained, merely discovered. Having only stepped into the rank of a Middle Cosmic mere minutes before, she hasn't had any time to familiarize herself with those abilities, putting herself at a huge disadvantage compared to her battle-hardened opponent.

[You will have to do better than this.] Dosena says coldly, projecting her voice into the Void.

"Shut your face!" Melody fires back. "I haven't even warmed up yet!"

Melody's tone implies teetering on the brink of insanity and rage, but in truth she has no serious grudge with the Second Founder. She knows well just how powerful 7th Level Psions are, and can only imagine the might of Executors. Having never faced any of those monsters in actual combat, she has to assume Dosena is an opponent far beyond her understanding. It isn't mere empty boasting on the Second Founder's part that Melody will be unable to beat her. Melody assumes this must be true and that it would take a miracle to win!

_Surely Diablo won't let Dosena kill me, right?_ Melody thinks. _It would defeat the purpose of allowing me to Ascend! He must believe I have a chance at winning! Even if he doesn't, he'll definitely intervene if the fight reaches a lethal point. I should still proceed as if he'll honor the terms of the duel, though. I'll have to put my life on the line and fight with every single ability at my disposal!_

Just as Melody is about to unleash her first ability, Dosena's clone moves first. It abruptly releases a massive aura of Cosmic Power around itself, hardening the Void and causing Melody's speed to plummet! As if mired in quicksand, Melody's speed becomes sluggish, causing her to only become capable of sending out one or two attacks a second. But as for the clone, its speed remains just as high as before.

Like a turtle before a cheetah, she immediately becomes suppressed as a torrent of blows rains down on her! Even her perception of time mirrors her movements, making Melody unable to react to the clone's fists and feet as it starts battering her, its body a series of after-images her eyes can't follow!

_Crack-crack-crack! Thwack, slam!_

A fist pounds Melody's teeth, while a leg crashes into her ribs. A palm strike slaps her right ear, while another one slaps her fist away like an adult punishing a toddler for daring to speak up!

Melody cannot react at all! She becomes utterly suppressed, unable to fight back as Dosena's clone batters her around like a cat toying with a mouse!

"Ugh- kah! Aaargh! Ughh!!"

Melody can only release muted coughs and screams of pain as her vision turns blurry...

But then, she reaches deep inside herself.

She summons the strength of her own Cosmic Power collected inside her stomach. She conjures forth an aura of her own, enveloping that same area to harden the Void around her clone-opponent.

Just like that, the clone's speed plummets, mirroring her own. Its blows slow down to her speed, allowing her to re-focus her mind and quickly dodge or block the next dozen that come flying at her!

Twenty seconds later, the clone ceases its assault and pulls backward, leaving Melody gasping for air!

"Hah... hah... hah..." Melody groans, her bones aching from the beatdown she just suffered. Bruises well up around her eyes and cheeks. Her lips split in multiple spots and blood flows out, while her ears ring, causing her to feel noticeably disoriented.

[You're too green.] Dosena comments dryly, still levitating a good distance behind her clone. [When you reach the levels of Cosmic, you become capable of projecting a Domain of Control around yourself. These zones of suppression will completely cripple the speed and fighting capability of Lower Cosmics and can even outright kill mortal entities. However, between Cosmics of the same level, they only serve to slow down the battle. Speed no longer becomes as useful when you reach the highest echelons of power...]

Melody gazes at Dosena with a complicated expression. "Why are you telling me this?"

[I don't know.] Dosena mutters. [You are the first Middle Cosmic I have faced in a long, long time. Perhaps I merely wish to explore the depths of your power before I kill you. I am curious as to how mighty a so-called 'Demon Deity' can become. You are meddling with forces you have not yet fully comprehended. If I were to face the Archdemon, I'd need to be more serious, but you don't even know the basics of Cosmic Warfare.]

Dosena glances at Diablo for a split-second before returning her gaze to Melody. In that moment, Melody realizes that while Dosena isn't likely to be lying, she must also fear that if she goes too far, Diablo will intervene. She can't be sure of just how strong the Archdemon truly is, and thus does not want to take any risks...

"Domains of Control..." Melody repeats, realizing something else. "The Archdemon's body is big, slow, and clumsy, while you are small and agile. However, your words imply that despite your obvious advantage in speed, it would not benefit you too greatly. He'd slow you down to a manageable speed and force you to face him on more equal terms..."

[I have not faced the Archdemon's domain directly.] Dosena retorts. [There are many possibilities as to how a battle between us would play out.]

_Yeah..._ Melody thinks. _But you ARE worried. You don't want to take things too far._

Melody wipes the blood from her mouth and lightly pats her face. She reorients her thoughts, then charges back into battle with the clone fearlessly!

Once again, the two engage in a brutal battle of fisticuffs, with the notable difference being that both of their speeds have dropped significantly, and every move expends much more of their physical stamina than before. While the Psionic Clone might not technically have a physical body, the energy required to project it from Dosena's mind does increase by a lot, not that the haughty Second Founder would allow her discomfort to show on her face.

As the two exchange blows, albeit at a much slower and more powerful speed, Melody's blood boils with battle fever. She swells demonic power within her stomach, then opens her mouth to release it.

"AHHH!!"

A banshee-like screech rips across the Void and instantly slams into the Psionic clone, sending a feedback pulse of agony through Dosena's mental link. Not expecting such a sudden attack, the Second Founder shudders violently, her cool and haughty composure breaking as the clone's pain becomes her own.

[Aargh!]

Dosena finally uncrosses her arms to grab at her head, only for that banshee-screech to not only flow past her clone, but then travel toward her main body a second afterward...

_BOOM!!_

It impacts Dosena like a firetruck crashing into a concrete building. Melody's screech knocks Dosena backward and destabilizes her link to her clone, causing it to falter and fizzle for a moment. She quickly regains control and stabilizes the situation, but not before directing an appreciative glare in Melody's direction.

[NOT BAD.] Dosena says, her tone laced with anger. [You took me by surprise. That will NOT happen again.]

Melody grins evilly. "Don't be so sure, Second Founder. AHHH!!"

Once again, Melody fires off a blast of concussive force. Unlike when she was a mortal-level Emperor, this wave of energy is not formed out of sound-waves, but of Cosmic Power shaped by her voice. Even without air to transmit, the shockwaves can still rip across the Void to deliver brutal blows.

And this second attack is much more focused and concentrated, less of an area-attack and more of a focused punch aimed right at the Psionic Clone's body!

**BOOM!!**

The clone tries to dodge, but it doesn't move quickly enough under the suppression of Melody's aura. Its body explodes into particles of light under the impact, while Melody rushes through that gap to charge at Dosena's main body.

The damage inflicted to Dosena by the destruction of her Psionic Clone is not insignificant. She reels from the pain, but remains in control, glaring at Melody with an expression of bloodlust as she rapidly approached.

[You dare?!]

Just as Melody charges into melee range, Dosena crosses her arms and re-summons her Psionic Clone. However, this time, she superimposes it on her body, causing its hazy apparition to form around herself like a ghostly battle-armor. The clone's psionic body appears a bit larger than Dosena's main form, making it appear as if her body is enveloped by a force field.

In an instant, Melody begins punching at Dosena, but Dosena continues to levitate calmly with her arms crossed while the Psionic Clone's arms and legs fight back against the Deity of Defiance. To those unfamiliar with battles at the Cosmic Level, it might even appear as if Dosena has summoned the phantom of a war god to possess her body and slay her foes!

_CRACK! CRACK! BOOM!_

The mirage enveloping Dosena matches Melody blow-for-blow. The two of them trade attacks with equal force, but Melody begins to make strange movements, her body occasionally blurring, dodging attacks that should have landed. Her body becomes phantasmal as she bobs and weaves, sending jabs and punches at her opponent's vital areas.

"Not bad! This is starting to get fun!" Melody laughs.

Dosena sneers. [You are far too immature in my eyes, acting excited for a battle of this level. Your strength is paltry. Don't you understand I'm going easy on you?]

Melody snaps a vicious punch at Dosena's face, but her clone's ghostly arm catches it before it can successfully hit and fires back another punch, forcing Melody to dodge.

"I don't need you to go easy on me." Melody laughs. "I just need you to die! The demons will rule the Milky Way!"

Dosena's eyes glow. She fires a lancing beam of psionic energy from her forehead that catches Melody off-guard and strikes her liver, making her stagger backward and cough up blood.

[You want me to die? Imbecile. Once I am gone, the Volgrim will lose their last hope of holding back the Plague. When Volgarius falls, the Volgrim Empire will collapse soon afterward. My people will flee the Milky Way, and the Plague will crash upon the demons! Your extinction will not take long to play out.]

Despite the pain from her injury, Melody's eyes become brighter. She directs a vicious grin Dosena's way.

"Hahaha! You stupid bitch! You think we FEAR the Plague?! You're a frog stuck in a well! The Archdemon has already discovered the method to defeat the Plague! Your 'Empire' can collapse today if it wants. We'll happily take up the fight after you're gone!"

Dosena continues to smile, but her heart quakes in shock.

_What? A method to counter the Plague? Even to defeat it? Not possible. How could Diablo accomplish such a feat? I've heard nothing about this..._

Unfortunately, the Volgrim's agents in the Labyrinth have not had time to transfer all the day's recent events back to their Founders. Even if they did, Dosena departed right when Melody finished her Ascension. She wouldn't have obtained the information about Diablo's ability to consume the Plague on worlds it controlled.

She hesitates for a moment, uncertain if Melody is lying. Something about Melody's abrupt power-up certainly surprised her, but she didn't imagine there would be a conspiracy at this level.

[You're lying!] Dosena exclaims. [There's no way your Archdemon has the power to defeat the Plague! Even our foremost scientists haven't discovered such a thing after 90,000 cycles!]

Melody unballs her fists, switching to a claw-pose. In her grasp, a pair of swords made of substantialized sound vibrations materialize, their innate vibration properties granting them impressive cutting power, while Melody's internal Cosmic Energy reserves bolster their hardness.

"So what if the Volgrim Empire failed? Our Archdemon is more capable than you can imagine! Haven't you realized what system you've arrived in? This system was previously conquered by the Plague, but look at it now!"

Dosena frowns. It only takes an instant for her to send a pulse of Psionic Energy throughout the Void, examining all the nearby planets, moons, and general stellar composition.

[...The Shredder system.] Dosena says, her frown deepening. [There are still Kolvaxians on two of the planets, but the world of Sharmur... has been cleansed? How is this possible?!]

"Heh heh heh..." Melody chuckles. "Your lack of imagination does not constitute a lack of ability on our great Archdemon's part. Diablo found a way. Now, we will begin taking back the worlds lost to the Plague."

Melody slashes her soundblades at Dosena, who tries to defend against them with her Psionic Clone's ghostly body, but the blades slice through the clone with frightening ease! Dosena howls in pain, her blood turning cold as the blades draw dangerously close to her physical self.

She teleports!

Dosena steps through space instantly, leaping a hundred meters away to dodge Melody's attack while glaring at her with hate-filled eyes.

[You will not defeat the Volgrim Empire. You cannot, because I WILL NOT let you. Foolish mud-dweller. Let this Founder broaden your horizons! After that... I will extract the method to defeat the Plague from your Archdemon's cold, dead hands!]

Dosena teleports to Melody's side and sends a punch flying at her ribs, But Melody dodges and slashes at Dosena's fists.

Then Dosena teleports again and again, leaving after-images in her wake. She continuously strikes at Melody, while the Deity of Defiance continues to confound her lethal attacks with pinpoint-precise blocks and dodges. Melody slowly begins to acclimate to her newfound strength as the battle rages while growing more and more confident in her new powers.

"You want to kill the Archdemon? You won't succeed! I'll DEFY you no matter how many times you try!"

[You can try!] Dosena spits back. [There's no chance you'll walk away from this battle in one piece!]

"We'll see about that!"