Part 265: Humanity, Encircled

**AUTHOR NOTE: I corrected a big error in Part 264! [Read about it here!](https://reddit.com/r/TheCryopodToHell/comments/kwg2vx/hey_cryopodders_part_264_had_an_error_so_i/)**

---

_Day One, Hour Seventeen, at the western edge of the Horned Forest._

Phoebe Hiro and her army tentatively hold the line as countless waves of demons and undead swarm at them from the Warpgate encampment. No longer sealed off, it hums with energy, spewing out Hell's minions one after another, their numbers neverending.

Not only does the Warpgate remain open, but dozens of Warper portals surround the Warpgate Encampment, allowing even more demons to flow forth unceasingly. With so many demons spread out over such a vast area, Phoebe recalls all of humanity's forces to Hero City, placing them in defensive formations on the north, west, south, and eastern edges to hold the demons back. Innumerable enemies swallow up the midday landscape, blotting out the horizon.

A communication signal beeps inside Phoebe's helmet. She lifts her cannon to fire another volley of projectiles before opening a comm channel.

"Yes, this is Commander Hiro speaking! What is it? Over."

Elder Skarde, currently assigned in the center of Hero City to guide its defenses, speaks in earnest. "Commander, I just finished checking the bio-data from our troopers' suits. For the past hour, not one of our soldiers have healed from their injuries. I don't know why, but it appears your husband has stopped supporting us from the backline. Over."

Phoebe, still wearing her fifteen-foot-tall demonstone exosuit, raises her right arm to fire a hail of volatile projectiles into the demon army's backline. They explode into bits of shrapnel, ripping through any fleshy bodies in the vicinity.

"You've got to be kidding me!" Phoebe groans. "Goddamn it, Jason! Why would you leave at a time like this? Don't tell me he exhausted himself from Wordsmithing too much? Fuck! I bet that's exactly what happened!"

After swearing like a sailor for a few seconds, Phoebe grits her teeth and refocuses her attention. 

"Never mind that. Elder Skarde, assume that we won't have Jason around to heal anyone. Position our troops in such a way that we can minimize our casualties. Start evacuating the civilians onto the transport ships. Get as many people to Moonbase Kelkin as you possibly can. Over."

Elder Skarde falls silent for a moment.

"That base can't support more than a few thousand people, Commander, and the ten Covenant ships can only save 200,000 people at most. Excluding the hundred and fifty thousand troops we've lost today, we still have more than three and a half million humans and monsters within Hero City's confines. Over."

"I'm aware," Phoebe mutters. "You'll have to decide who stays and who goes, Elder. Prioritize humans over monsters. I want a split of sixty percent children, thirty percent women, and ten percent men. Over."

"Commander, I... yes. I'll do as you command," The man replies, his voice low. "Elder Skarde, out."

The line goes dead, and Phoebe resumes her attack.

"I'm sorry, Elder..." Phoebe mutters, speaking to nobody in particular. "It's selfish of me to put this burden on your shoulders. Even so, someone has to decide who lives and who dies. I'm too biased. I could never choose among all of the friends I've made. I hope you'll find it in your heart to forgive me."

She stomps toward the frontlines, hatred smoldering in her chest.

"One hundred and fifty thousand... that's how many humans and monsters these demons have killed. Unforgiveable. Ose... when I get my hands on you... I'll tear you in half!"

Phoebe storms toward the frontlines, where her soldiers have hastily erected dozens of heavy steel barricades. The men and women at the front bravely fire at their enemies, cutting them down mere feet from the final barriers. Snipers wearing Hummer suits hover in the air above, picking off the strongest Grunts and Lords wherever possible, while a half-dozen gigantic mech suits and nearly fifty armored tanks swallow up the backlines and middle ground, shelling the demons from a distance. Every cannon fired wipes out a handful of demons, slaughtering humanity's enemies ten times faster than the demons can kill them. Even so, the hordes of demons never slow down for even a second.

"I'm here!" Phoebe yells, as she aims her Zeus Strike cannon at a big clump of demons. She pulls the trigger and fires a heavy shell forward. It rips through dozens of demons in the blink of an eye, traveling like an angry bowling ball through an unending line of pins. After flying more than fifty meters, it explodes with a terrific bang, killing dozens more demons.

Phoebe clicks the trigger again, only for Centurion to blare a notice in her ear. "**ZEUS STRIKE CANNON IS COOLING DOWN. YOU MUST WAIT FIFTEEN SECONDS BEFORE FIRING AGAIN.**"

With her right arm engulfed by the heavy cannon, Phoebe drops to her knees, grabs a heavy machinegun from a nearby weapon box, and takes aim with her left.

_Brrt! Brrrt! Brrrrrrt!_

She fires into the demonic hordes, mowing them down without even bothering to aim. Every bullet finds a target, so thick is the horde's composition.

"They just keep coming!" A nearby trooper shouts, his voice wavering. "I-I must've fired a million bullets already!"

"Then shoot a million more!" A female trooper replies, only glancing at him for a split second. "If these fuckers want to kill us, then we'll drag as many of them down with us as we can!"

Phoebe laughs. "Hah! That's the spirit!"

She resumes her assault, using her Zeus cannon whenever it cools down, but otherwise sticking to her machinegun.

After several minutes, a female voice speaks from behind Phoebe. "There you are!"

Phoebe spins around in surprise. "Samantha? Wait, what are you doing here? Are you okay? I heard about the hospital!"

Belial, wearing what can only be described as a fetishy swimsuit, shakes her head. "There's nothing left. Your teleportation doohickey got destroyed. Jason healed me and refilled my mana, and so, I decided to come here."

Phoebe nods. "Alright. Perfect timing. I have some soldiers over there, they got injured badly. If you could heal them up-"

"No, Phoebe," Belial says, her voice oddly calm. "I didn't come here to heal anyone. I came here to fight."

The Second Emperor of demonkind balls her hands into fists, then flexes her muscles.

"I lost too many people in that hospital, Phoebe. I'm here for blood."

"B-blood?" Phoebe asks. "What do you mean? That's not like you. You've always told me you hated violence."

"I did," Belial growls. "And I still do. But Phoebe, these demons... they almost killed my precious niece. They almost killed _you_. I won't let that happen again. I'm sorry if this changes your opinion of me, but I can't stand on the sidelines anymore. Rather, I _won't_. I'm going to remind my species why I'm the Second Emperor. I'm going to remind them why even _Bael_ fears me."

Something about Belial's tone catches Phoebe offguard. She gazes at her best friend for several seconds without saying anything, then slowly nods.

"I understand. Don't worry, Sam. I wouldn't hate you for wanting revenge on scumbags. I just worry you might be going against your inner self. You don't have to force yourself to fight."

"Oh, but I do," Belial answers, her tone decisive. "Without me, the odds you'll win this war are extremely low. Don't worry about my safety... if I can battle Archangels and come out alive, a sea of Grunts, Lords, Barons, and Dukes won't slow me down in the slightest."

Belial's figure changes shape. Her legs and thighs grow noticeably more muscular, while her arms turn into bone scythes attached to whip-like appendages. Her face deforms, turning noticeably more monstrous as she grows several layers of teeth, like a Great White Shark.

"This appearance..." Belial growls, while glancing at her body. "...expresses perfectly the way I feel! I'll show the demons what it means to face a true monster!"

Like lightning, Belial bolts forward, leaps over the heads of a dozen soldiers, and lands amidst the incessant hail of gunfire and demon bodies.

_Slash! Slash! Slash!_

Belial's blade arms whip around in a tornado of fury, decapitating a dozen demons within seconds. She charges into the flood of enemies, continuously reaping lives no matter what direction she travels.

All the while, Phoebe gazes at her best friend's fading figure with a mixture of sadness and despair.

"Sammy..." Phoebe mutters. "What happened to you? Who made you suffer enough to become... that?"

---

Across Tarus II's surface, Ose's Warpers continue creating more and more portals, encircling Hero City from all directions. The city's Environmental Shield prevents them from opening rifts inside its confines, but below the cliff-lines of Hero City's elevated plateau, no such limiter exists.

Having retreated from the frontlines hours ago, Brunhilda and the other Felorians swap out with a fresh regiment of soldiers at Hero City's northern border, feeling a momentary surge of relief as they finally get to retreat to the backlines for a breather.

Brunhilda and one of her sisters, Sariah, slump against a rock just below the city's cliffside border while splashing water on their skin. Their bodies ache with exhaustion. Their eyes droop as the sweet release of sleep calls out to them.

"So... so many demons..." Sariah mutters. "They never stop coming. How can we possibly survive?"

Brunhilda rubs her hands against her face furiously, desperately trying to soak the liquid into her pores. "I don't know, sister. I don't know. But still, you must have faith! The Wind Mother protected us earlier. As long as we pray to her, she will guide us to victory!"

"I hope you are right," Sariah whispers.

While the two of them chat, a lightly bearded fellow hurries over in their direction. "Ah! You two are Felorians? The ones just pulled back from the front?"

Brunhilda turns to look at him, noting his white and purple robes. "Yes. And you are?"

"My name is Saul," The man says, as he reaches around behind himself to retrieve a backpack. "It's fine if you don't know me; I'm nobody important. Let's see here, umm... right, here are a few energy and ration bars. Personally, I think they taste quite good. They'll help you restore your stamina and get a good night's rest."

He pulls out several neatly-wrapped energy bars, then hands them over to the women. They accept the bars with faint smiles before sighing.

"Sir Saul," Sariah says, "Have you any word from the frontlines? We Felorians don't wear those metal suits, you see, so we aren't aware of the overall situation."

Saul slings the backpack around his shoulders once again. "I'm afraid I don't know much more than you. Last I heard, the demons started summoning portals around the city. We're completely surrounded. Miss Hiro is off fighting on the frontlines, the Hero started healing people and sealing off the portals remotely, and I think a few demons slipped past the barrier, because the hospital got destroyed! It's dreadful news, dreadful indeed."

"You said the Hero healed people remotely?" Brunhilda inquires. 

"Mhm, yes. I heard a few soldiers mention it. Commander Hiro transmitted a message to all the troops informing them that her husband had returned, but was keeping his distance from the battlefield. Evidently, he's been shielding and healing injured soldiers with his Wordsmith magic."

"Oh..." Sariah mutters, glancing at her sister with embarrassment. "Well, I guess it wasn't the Wind Mother after all."

"Pardon?" Saul asks.

"Nothing... it's nothing."

Both women quickly unwrap their energy bars and bite down, savoring the taste of vanilla, nutmeg, and chocolate, all mixed together with a slightly fruity tang.

"Well, if you'll excuse me, I still have many many soldiers to visit," Saul says, jerking his thumb toward his backpack. "Thousands of troopers are swapping out now, and all of them are exhausted and famished."

Brunhilda nods. "Your assistance is appreciated, Brother Saul. I thank you for these delicious crunchy bars."

"Anytime," Saul says, offering a quick wave. He runs off, leaving both women behind.

Once Saul leaves, Sariah smiles shyly. "That man was... quite attractive."

"Agreed," Brunhilda replies. "He looked like the sort of fellow who could build an empire. A fine mate for any woman."

"Ugh, there you go with that leader-talk," Sariah groans, nudging her sister playfully. "Anyway, once we finish eating, let's hurry to bed. I'm so tired I could sleep for a week!"

"Sadly, we don't have that much time..." Brunhilda mutters. She glances toward the north, where the demonic hordes continue pressing against mankind's wall of guns and blades. "We'll need to keep our rest minimal. Every minute we sleep, another brother or sister will die."

Sariah lowers her eyes. "I'm sorry, sister. I didn't mean to be so insensitive."

"Don't apologize, it isn't your fault," Brunhilda says. 

She caresses Sariah's cheek for a moment, then stands up and walks away.

---

_Hero City's southern border._

Lieutenant Samuel guides a massive platoon of soldiers and mechas to defend against the second-largest horde of demons on either of Hero City's four sides. Having long-since lost the prisons, they can only slowly retreat while continuously blasting away any demons who get within striking distance.

"God fucking damn it!" Samuel bellows. "Just die already! If I had a god-damned nuke, I'd blow you all to kingdom come!"

He wears the same Rhino suit as always, now fully repaired thanks to Jason's Wordsmithing. Using his armor like a wrecking ball, the Lieutenant engages in combat with a pair of Baron demons, one of them wielding fire magic, and the other, a sound manipulator.

The fire-type Baron, Greedle, cackles evilly. "You're a tough one, human! But I'm the second-best fire-spitter after Beelzebub himself! I'll roast you in that tin-pot you call 'armor,' nyehehe!"

The sound-type Baron, Trinnic, says nothing. Instead, she flickers from side to side, her body turning transparent whenever any attack comes close to hitting her. She transforms herself into a sound-wave, then instantly arrives at Samuel's side.

**BANG!!**

A deafening thundershock strikes Samuel, flinging him to his left. Despite the unexpected attack, Samuel's suit instantly compensates, shifting its molecular mass to its right leg and stomping down to stop his flight. He reorients himself in midair and whirls to face Trinnic.

_Brrrrt!_

A wrist-mounted machine gun on Samuel's right arm unloads three dozen bullets at Trinnic in an instant, but the Baron flickers away like a ghost, evading Samuel's attack.

With his attention on Trinnic, Samuel fails to follow Greedle's movements. The fire-type Baron conjures fiery elemental armor onto his hands, heating them to nearly two-thousand degrees Fahrenheit. He lunges toward Samuel and swipes his claws in a downward arc, tearing through the heavily-reinforced nanites on Samuel's chest.

"Aaaaargh!" Samuel screams. The scorching heat instantly invades his suit, making him leap backward. His suit's interior jumps thirty degrees, all but cooking him alive. "Fuck, fuck! Mayday! I can't take these two by myself!"

Greedle grins like a Cheshire cat. He lunges forward and raises his claw to aim for Samuel's head. With the human disoriented from the heat, he hasn't a chance of resisting.

At that moment, from the skies above...

_Piff._

A single bullet fires from an elevated vantage point. Greedle, too excited at the thought of killing the human commander before him, fails to detect the bloodlust aimed in his direction. A sniper bullet strikes him dead between his eyes, ripping apart his skull and flinging him backward.

_Thunk!_

He hits the ground like a sack of dead puppies, only offering one final spasm before his magic dissipates, never to be seen again.

"Greedle!!" Trinnic shouts, breaking her silence. Enraged by her lover's defeat, she manipulates the power of sound to create a vibrating sound-blade, a sword capable of cutting through anything, provided she can make contact with it. "You devil-damned fleshbag! I won't let you leave here alive!!"

Samuel's nanites expel the excess heat detected in his suit while also repairing the molten claw-marks Greedle left behind. Even so, they can't regenerate fast enough to deflect Trinnic's incoming attack.

"Oh, shit!" Samuel shouts, as he watches the Baron charge.

"I'm here to help," A voice says through his intercom. Samuel recognizes the voice as belonging to Corporal Hurent, but he doesn't get even a second to respond. Trinnic charges him with her soundblade at the ready. Her Baron-level speed, further enhanced by her manipulation of sound, turns her into an agile combatant. She flickers past a half-dozen other commandos in her path, ignoring their existences as if they don't matter in the slightest.

In less than a second, she clears the five-hundred foot gap, swinging her sword against Samuel's armor with the fury of a hurricane. A sound not unlike a chainsaw grinding against metal erupts in the air, making everyone nearby grit their teeth in pain.

_Greeeeee!_

Alarms go off inside Samuel's armor as Centurion warns him about the suit's rapid drop in hull integrity. He tries to punch Trinnic away, but she merely flickers out of existence for an instant, ducks under Samuel's clumsy attack, and stabs him in the back.

"I'll kill you, filthy fleshbag!" Trinnic screeches. "I'll melt your brains into glop!"

Above the field, Corporal Hurent fires a few rounds at Trinnic, but the Baron always escapes death by turning into a living soundwave and flickering out of existence. Every time her body hums, she accelerates to half the speed of sound, improving her reflexes and coordination to well beyond superhuman levels.

"Lieutenant!" Corporal Hurent cries. "I can't land a clean shot! She's too fast!"

Several troopers arrive on the scene. Armed with energy rifles, they begin peppering the area around Samuel with photonic projectiles, each one releasing a weak burst of energy during their flight. Trinnic cries out in pain when one of the bullets, instead of phasing through her, crashes against her skin and releases waves of radiation inside her stomach. "Aaargh!"

She flickers away from Samuel, hatred still burning in her eyes. Despite her rage, she quickly realizes the newly-arrived troopers must possess weapons capable of taking down immaterial demons, such as herself.

"Tch! Little pests! You won't get in my way!"

Trinnic desummons her sword and rushes toward the troopers. She claps her hands and fires a sound-blast at them to send them flying, then spins on her heel and flickers toward Samuel again, rearing her hand back to deliver the killing blow.

Unexpectedly, a huge figure comes stomping toward Trinnic from her left. She whips her head in that direction, only to see a heavily armored Minotaur bellowing angrily, his gauntlet glowing a fierce purple.

Yamir, the head chef for the Hiro household, swings his fist forward and opens his palm. A blast of mana fires from his hand, making Trinnic's heart jump in fright.

_A royal minotaur?! But they shouldn't be-_

Trinnic doesn't finish her thought. The chaotic mana strikes her left shoulder and flings her to the right, where she crashes into the ground with a muffled yelp. Her body re-enters the physical realm just in time for her head to crash against a boulder.

_Crack._

Her skull bursts open from the impact, spewing her brains out and killing her instantly.

Yamir stomps his hooves into the dirt and grinds to a stop just ten feet from Samuel. 

"Hmph! Lieutenant. Are you alright?"

Samuel sags to his knees. "Cough, cough... I'm alive."

"Your bio-signs indicate you have suffered severe burns to your chest and neck. Please fall back to the medical lines to receive first aid."

The Lieutenant nods. "Ugh... yeah. Feels that way. Alright... I'll be back in a bit. Oh, and uh... thanks for the assist."

Yamir bows his head respectfully. "Speak no more of this matter. I am certain you will save my hide many times in the coming days."

Without any other words, Samuel departs, leaving Yamir behind. 

Immediately after the human leaves, Yamir quickly charges forward and arrives at Trinnic's corpse. He stomps her brains into goop, then blasts her body with magical energy. After horrifically ruining her corpse, he turns to look for Greedle's body, but finds nothing.

The Minotaur activates his comm system. "Attention, all troops. This is Captain Yamir speaking. Remember! If you kill any demon, but especially a Lord, a Baron, or perhaps even those of a higher rank... eradicate their corpses! Leave nothing behind! One of our enemies is Mephisto, the Duke of Mist. He can revive corpses, making us fight our most dangerous enemies twice! I need not remind you of how terrifying that fact is. Yamir out."

After Yamir closes his communication link, he snorts angrily. "How unfortunate that one of them got away. I can only assume you must be greatly enjoying this war, Mephisto. You will expand your power greatly at demonkind's expense."

He turns around and charges back into battle, summoning mana into his fists as he rejoins the other troopers in the defense of Hero City.

---

With humanity's Hero having inexplicably gone missing, the demons no longer hold anything back. Dozens and dozens of portals open up on Hero City's eastern border, forcing Elder Skarde to place multiple regiments of soldiers there. A large-scale battle opens up on the plains to the east, where very little cover exists to protect the demons who emerge. 

With the smallest concentration of demons compared to the other three sides of Hero City, most of the soldiers summoned to the east find the battles aren't nearly as much of a life-and-death situation compared to those in the west or the south.

Even so, everyone takes their duties seriously. Waves of demon Grunts flow toward the city, with huge Brutes soaking up gunfire while the smaller and nimbler Scythers hide behind their brethren, the living walls of flesh.

Any demons who fall end up getting sucked into the ground, becoming undead fodder for Mephisto as he opens up two more gigantic Death Gates a few miles away. Higher ranked undead begin appearing, including another Frost Giant, but humanity manages to take down the most dangerous threats with teamwork and coordination.

Suddenly, from amidst the swarms of low-level demons, two blips of energetic mana appear on one of the scouts' scanners.

"We've got two Dukes incoming!" The scout yells. After a moment, he pauses. "Wait, no... they're Barons! I repeat, we have two Barons incoming! They're hiding among the low-ranked demons, but based on their bio-data... I think they're the Battle Brothers!"

Seconds after the scout makes that declaration, Zamiel and Duriel leap into the sky, riding atop a greathammer and greatsword, respectively.

"Not too many fleshies over here!" Zamiel cackles, as his magical hammer flies toward the humans' defensive line. "Let's get some revenge for earlier, little bro!"

"You said it!" Duriel replies, while expertly surfing through the air.

The human defenders quickly start to panic as they try to shoot down the incoming Barons, only for both Battle Brothers to summon a wall of weapons. They fling hundreds of swords and hammers, maces and axes, and all manner of other medieval weaponry toward the humans' defensive lines at half the speed of sound.

_BOOM BOOM BOOM!_

Crashes and screams erupt as fifty troopers perish to the Battle Brother's first onslaught. By the time the brothers make landfall, many troopers still haven't recovered from the initial attack.

"Juicy little fleshbags, ripe for the killing!" Zamiel yells. He grabs a warhammer off his back and runs forward, smashing it down with bone-crushing force. Every swing kills a human or a monster, ending the lives of kobolds and Terrans alike.

Likewise, Duriel's dual-wielded greatswords cleave even the sturdiest and most heavily armored Terrans in half, severing their spines and flinging their upper and lower torsos in opposite directions.

"This ain't half-bad!" Duriel laughs. "It's always fun to take a load off after a hard day of killin'!"

While the two brothers massacre the eastern defenders and their army pours through the rapidly widening gap, a terrible sensation of fear sweeps across all of the demons present. They halt in their tracks and look to the west, atop Hero City's cliff-edge.

There, posed majestically against the setting sun, the Monster King stands with both arms crossed, his conquerors' aura sweeping across the land.

"Hurgh! You evil bastards! How dare you lay a hand on my pet humans! Battle Bastards, face me if you dare! I am Kar, the last of the crocodiles! And today... I will exact my vengeance upon you!"

Kar's voice booms outward, projected via his vast mana reserves. His attention-grabbing appearance causes many of the demons to wet themselves in fear.

"Oh, skarn-droppings! It's the Monster King! He beat the crap out of Laharl, Mara, Beelzebub, Bael AND Artorias! What the _hell_, why is he here?!"

"We can't fight the Sphinx!" Another demon cries. "All we have are two Barons! Screw this, I'm outta here!"

Immediately, more than half of the attacking demons turn tail and flee, terrified by the appearance of the Monster King. Those who continue attacking only so so because they fear Ose more.

Meanwhile, Duriel and Zamiel merely glance in Kar's direction.

"Eh?" Zamiel grunts. "Well, well, well. If it ain't that one last croc. The one who got away!"

"Ha!" Duriel laughs. "I bet his blood'll taste better than all the others combined! After we kill him, we'll become tough as hell, bro!"

"Damn straight..." Zamiel mutters. His eyes flick to the left and right. "Of course, we ain't just gonna be facing the King. I bet you ten coins that fairy bitch'll be hangin' around nearby."

"Fine by me," Duriel grunts. He pounds his chest and roars at Kar. "Come here then, little croc! I already killed all the rest of your kind! I ain't afraid of you, not one bit!"

Kar gazes down upon the Battle Brothers from a mile away. He coils strength into his legs while grinning slyly.

"Oh, but you _should_, you murdering bastards. You _should_."

Kar leaps skyward, using his Emperor-level strength to pounce into the air like a reptilian eagle. He crosses the vast gap in a matter of seconds, while his grin only expands further.

"Hurgh! Today, you will PAY for your crimes! And I shall be your executioner!"

---

>!This is what a spoiler looks like! Click it to reveal the text!!