Part 727: Making New Friends

_Reldis-02. Starport of Ageko City. Stardate 207.715 of the Ancient Volgrim Empire._

After Unarin left the 11-ALX, the first thing they did was find room and board. Before the 11-ALX had landed, everyone on the crew had clearly noted the planet's anomalies, but it wasn't until Unarin walked through the bustling city hub that the Changeling experienced the planet's irregularities from a firsthand observational experience. 

The first thing Unarin observed was that the upper atmosphere was shrouded in a permanent haze. Not clouds, but fog. When the ship passed through the planet's atmosphere, it had been struck multiple times by extremely powerful lightning, and as it turned out, Reldis-02 had a permanent storm that crackled and banged in its atmosphere. Volgrim scientists estimated this storm had been active for hundreds of millions of cycles, and it may have been caused by an unusually active planet core... or perhaps something else.

Either way, the storm was what made Reldis so attractive to new prospectors. As it just so happened, the planet's crust was filled with low level exotics that were highly energized. The Volgrim had only landed here two hundred cycles ago, and now there was a gold rush of new Technopaths coming to dig down into the planet's crust, and Changelings who wanted to study its unique life forms for themselves.

Reldis did not have much life on its surface. However, the life it did have was extremely dangerous. There were really only two types: Herbivorous creatures that subsisted off the abundant low-level vegetation, and apex exobeasts that constantly prowled around, battling one another for dominance of a given region while feeding off the herbivores.

Because of the planet's constant lightning storms, anything that stuck up out of the ground attracted the energy in the skies. This meant that building structures was extremely dangerous for the first Technopaths to make landfall here. But, once the initial cities were setup, the lightning storms became a constant source of practically free, inexhaustible fuel that could be used to power the cities. It also gave the planet a natural defense system in case hostile aliens were to try and fly in without knowing what awaited them, not that the Volgrim had encountered any such creatures.

Ageko City was the main city that starships landed and took off from. In fact, it was the only one on the entire planet, because protecting ships from the constant storms was expensive! Once any Volgrim had made planetfall, they needed to shuttle around via purpose-built puddle-jumpers that were designed to completely negate the effects of the planet's electrical bombardment. The shuttles could even power themselves up by flying directly into the storm! From there, those shuttles would travel to distant parts of Reldis where they would land and dock inside underground bases where the lightning storms couldn't reach them.

Unarin had read up on the planet before arrival. The Changeling knew what to expect, but it turned out that reading from a dossier and experiencing the planet's uniqueness in person was drastically different.

As Unarin left the ship and walked down the streets, its skin started to crackle slightly. It wasn't exactly a painful feeling, but it did feel unpleasant. As it turned out, Reldis's inhabitants had to deal with a constant feeling of static electricity sparking on their skin, which they termed 'the Crackling'. When touching anything metal, they would get slightly jolted, which was a constant annoyance they simply had to get used to.

Thus, the Changeling was constantly shocking itself, over and over, completely by accident, driving its irritation levels through the roof.

"How aggravating!" Unarin growled after accidentally brushing its hand against a light pole. The _zap_ that followed made its body flinch in pain. Even a million of these zaps would cause no permanent damage, let alone death, but they still hurt!

Unarin cursed under its breath in a decidedly non-Changeling manner. It approached a lodging building for new arrivals and grumbled when it saw the prices listed.

"Fifteen Veds per night? This is extortion. They're clearly trying to take advantage of ignorant new arrivals."

A Technopath nearby happened to overhear Unarin's grumbling. His face turned angry. "Shut up, _shitling_! The prices are fair! What do you know?! Fat-eyed bastard. Prices are high because of the maintenance costs. If you think it's expensive here, try going deeper into the city!"

The Technopath couldn't possibly have gotten offended for no reason. Unarin quickly deduced he must be either the owner, a manager, or one of the employees who took an unusual pride in his work; enough to suffer a blow to his ego when he overheard Unarin's words.

Unarin normally would have ignored the angry fool, but the fact he saw fit to fire off such a vicious slur caused Unarin's expression to distort.

"Where do you get off insulting potential patrons for your establishment?" Unarin snapped back. The Changeling seemed angry on the surface, but in reality it was quite calm. Unarin didn't allow the words of others to have any power over its psyche, but sometimes pretending otherwise could be beneficial. "I think I will take my business elsewhere!"

"Bahaha! Like I care! This is the busiest hotel in the entire city. We always have a 99% occupancy rate! I was one of the first people to set up on Reldis, and my position has become unshakable! You go ahead and scurry off to a hotel more befitting your _kind_, shitling!"

Unarin stared at the idiot running his mouth. Now that the choice not to stay here also meant not passing Veds on to a bigot, the decision was a lot easier.

"That I shall do." Unarin said, returning its voice to calm. It walked away, and the owner of the hotel threw even more insults its way. Unarin ignored them all.

Ultimately, one lowly man meant nothing to Unarin. The Changeling had heard countless vicious words directed its way throughout the cycles. It had lived a difficult life, seeing the beauty of the world stomped down repeatedly by the greedy and maniacal.

One relatively pleasant ship-ride could not undo thirty cycles of abuse. Unarin knew that the ugliness of its fellow Volgrim would always rear its head in the worst of ways.

The Changeling started to depart, only to pause when it saw Muuxunuu heading toward the entrance to the hotel. After thinking for a moment, Unarin intercepted its comrade.

"Wait." Unarin said. "Come with me. Do not patronize this establishment. The owner is vicious toward our kind, and the prices are extremely high."

Muuxunuu didn't even question Unarin. "Very well. Do you know of a better establishment we could lodge in?"

"Not yet. I was about to start looking though."

"Understood. This one will follow your lead, then." Muuxunuu replied.

The two Changelings walked side-by-side, leaving the hotel behind. They headed deeper into the city, marveling at Reldis's sights together.

Vines crawled all over the city grounds, climbing up walls and annoying the hell out of the Volgrim. Of course, the Volgrim were the real invaders, but as colonizers, they simply viewed anything that encroached upon their turf as an invader itself. A lot of efforts had been attempted to rid the Volgrim of the irritating vines, but it turned out thanks to Reldis's unique ecology, they were extremely resistant to energy, flames, and cutting implements. The vines grew fast. Any individual strand could grow up to a full meter per rotation. More if the vines managed to latch their way onto energy sources. They had a sort of primitive intelligence to them, one that sought out sources of power.

Power blackouts happened infrequently whenever the vines wormed their way back into the main power grid control systems. The Volgrim would tear the vines out and burn them to ash, but a few weeks later the vines would have regrown again, more stubborn than any Sentient life-form ever could be.

Thus, Unarin and Muuxunuu were constantly tripping over the damn things. Vines were stretched out all over the streets, with some patches of ground more densely packed than others. The further the Changelings walked, the more they comprehended the scale of the vine invasion.

"Over there." Unarin said, gesturing toward an inn that listed its lodging prices on a sign outside. "The rates are much fairer. Only eight Veds per cycle."

"An acceptable price." Muuxunuu replied. The two of them started to make their way over when they heard a loud ruckus down a side alley.

Unarin glanced over. Its eyes shifted as it spotted half a dozen Technopath gang members with illegal body mods surrounding a pair of well-dressed Changelings, one black and one green. One of the Technopaths sent a brutal punch flying and struck the green Changeling, sending it sprawling to the ground. The green one shuddered, then fell still, not getting back up.

"Bahaha, looks like the _skulker's_ dead!" One of the gang members laughed. "Couldn't even take one hit. That's the thing, your kind are made of twigs! Frail little bodies with nothing to back you up! Now hand over your Veds, or you'll end up like the other one!"

One of the gang members pointed an energy weapon at the Changeling's chest, and the black one trembled with a mixture of anger and fear.

"This-this one will give you all its Veds! Please, please take them! This one did not mean any offense!"

"Now that's more like it! Shouldn't have acted so tough in the first place!" The gang leader laughed.

Muuxunuu shivered. "Should... should we do something, Unarin?"

"We are not strong enough to intervene." Unarin replied. "We would only be endangering ourselves."

Just as the black Changeling handed over its bag full of Veds, an alarm went off half a block up the street. Unarin spotted several Technopath Enforcers running and levitating toward the gang members, which caused all of them to break away and run for their lives.

"Haha, scatter! They can't catch all of us!" The gang leader shouted.

Just as quickly as the disturbance happened, it was over. The gang members fled with the Enforcers hot on their trail. However, the black and green Changeling were left behind. Not one of the Technopath Enforcers even bothered to give them a second look. It seemed they were not hunting the gang members to protect these Changelings, but instead because the gangs threatened other Technopaths in the area.

Unarin and Muuxunuu jogged over to their fellow Changelings. The expression on the black one's face seemed emotionless, but Unarin could sense a deep sorrow when it touched its comrade's chest.

"Dead..." The black one said quietly. "Why was this one unable to move? Why was this one's body frozen in fear? Why is the universe so cold and heatless? We did nothing wrong..."

Unarin knelt down next to the black one. "It is because the Changelings are weak, friend. I am Unarin. This is my companion, Muuxunuu. And you are?"

"This one's designation is Randis." The Changeling said, its calm tone hiding the pain in its heart. "This one... has a selfish request. Please assist this one in carrying its companion elsewhere. They deserve a proper goodbye."

Unarin and Muuxunuu nodded. The two of them took up the task of loading the dead Changeling's body so Randis would not have to make contact and traumatize itself further.

"Thirty more rotations, and this one's companion would have achieved its first Osmosis." Randis lamented. "Now its lineage has ended. What a tragedy. All because of the greed of simple-minded bullies."

Unarin arranged for someone to come by and retrieve the body. The Volgrim were not a superstitious lot, least of all the Changelings. They believed that the dead should return to the soil and become nutrients for the next generation. Thus, the dead Changeling would be buried outside the city, its body in an unmarked grave, where the planet would consume it.

Unfortunately, Changelings possessed extremely weak bodies. They were not capable fighters, so even a single punch from a Technopath, especially a powerful thuggish one like the gang members, could kill them instantly.

"Are you new to this city?" Randis asked. "This one... can show you around if you like. This one has lived here for 127 rotations. This one has knowledge of the local safe areas... as well as the dangerous ones."

Unarin gestured toward the lodging they were about to enter. "And that one?"

"Dangerous. Very dangerous." Randis said with regret. "This one should have walked the longer path, but this one and its companion, Ledd, were too hasty. We cut through the Thumper Gang's territory and paid the price. You would do well to learn from our mistakes."

Unarin nodded. "We Changelings have to stick together. Thank you for saving us from making a terrible mistake. Can you point us toward a safe lodging?"

"Of course." Randis answered. "This one is grateful for the assistance you rendered, however meager. We must demonstrate our gratitude, at the least."

Together, the red, pink, and black Changelings made their way down the city streets, taking a long and circuitous route from the eastern starport toward the central-western part of Ageko City. Eventually, they arrived in a run-down area, with buildings that were poorly maintained and vines everywhere.

"It is not much, but this is where many Changelings live." Randis said. "We have limited power and water access here. However, this one is friends with a certain individual who is extremely adept at biological engineering. She is a master of her craft, and is working on a solution to extract energy from the vines to simultaneously choke and slow their growth, and to turn them into a source of renewable energy for our side of the city. Let us introduce you."

Unarin raised an eyebrow. _She?_

This was not a term used to address Changelings. Pronouns were used exclusively for the other sub-species.

Weaving around the vines, Randis led the two into a small shack with stairs that went underground.

"The Crackling is reduced significantly underground, so you will feel much less of it on your skin." Randis explained. "The vines also do not like to go underground, so they will not encroach on us down here."

They emerged from the narrow hallway into a rather spacious underground interior, dimly lit by candles and fire, with vents in the ceiling to suck fresh air down and release the smoke as well.

However, despite the primitive lighting, there was still a bustling community underground. An entire rainbow of Changelings greeted Unarin and Muuxunuu's eyes as they realized they had stumbled into a thousand-strong underground living space for their kind.

The accommodations were modest, even meager. But Changelings were simple creatures. They had few desires, and lived without need for luxuries. In a way, they would seem a lot like monks to Earth-dwelling species.

"Over here." Randis said. It guided the red and pink newcomers over to a room tucked away off to the side, where the synthetic blue light of an underground computer system lit up the area, rather than the red and orange firelight they had seen outside.

In this room, there were a small handful of Technopaths. Unarin was extremely surprised, because these Technopaths seemed right at home. They didn't appear to mind living around Changelings, and their gazes were friendly when they saw the two newcomers being led inside.

A female Technopath walked over. She was extremely beautiful, even considering the species difference, with a few elegantly buried nodes hidden on her person, but otherwise she was clothed in a designer dress from the homeworld. She had bright purple skin, with spots and patterns arranged on her body that drew any observer's eyes all the way up and down her form. Of course, Changelings had no sexual interest, let alone in other species, so Unarin and Muuxunuu merely observed the purple-colored Technopath woman with appreciation for her beautiful appearance.

"Randis, where is Ledd?" The Technopath asked. "You two were late to return by thirty time-units."

Randis lowered its eyes. "We... encountered trouble. Unfortunately, Ledd has... departed us. He was struck by a leader of the Thumper Gang."

"Oh." The Technopath said, her voice becoming quiet. "I see. I'm... I'm sorry, Randis. We will hold a memorial for Ledd in a few time-units. At the least, I am glad you made it back alive. And who are these two?"

She turned her attention to Unarin and Muuxunuu, and Randis naturally introduced them.

"They saved this one's life." It explained. "They did not realize they had trodden into the Thumper Gang's territory, and would have met a terrible end. This one took it upon itself to bring them here."

"Any friends of Randis are friends of mine." The Technopath said. "Oh, where are my manners? Hello, and it is nice to meet you. My name is Psymin of Clan Miralax. I am merely a humble bio-researcher of no renown."

"Psymin." Unarin repeated, bowing his head in greeting. "I am glad to meet you. From what Randis tells me, your work here might just save the city from these vines."

Psymin snorted. "As if I care about the damn city. I will help clean up this local area. If anyone outside it wants access to my tech once completed, they will have to pay for the crimes they have committed against your people!"

Unarin cocked its head. "You are referring to...?"

"The systematic oppression of the Changelings by Technopaths." Psymin spat angrily. "I have seen it too many times in my life. Your people are beaten down and trod upon, your unique abilities looked down upon as if they are less valid than our affinity to technology. It disgusts me."

Muuxunuu's eyes sparkled faintly. "This one is pleased to hear that you have aligned yourself as an ally of the Changelings. This one thanks you for any efforts you make toward assisting us."

Psymin cocked her head. She looked between Unarin and Muuxunuu carefully.

"You two are quite different. Unarin, why do you speak so strangely? Muuxunuu sounds like a normal Changeling, but you feel a lot more... unique."

"I was raised by Technopaths for a while." Unarin explained. "You see, my progenitor passed away shortly after it spawned my existence. I was raised in a Technopath household for a time before returning to my people. Thus, my sense of identity has become more individualized over time."

"Interesting!" Psymin exclaimed, clapping her hands cutely. "I lived with Changelings when I was younger. That's what made me so aware of the way your people were treated. I think you and I are going to become good friends!"

"I should certainly hope so." Unarin said with a smile. "I do enjoy making more friends."

The group of four bantered for a while, and eventually Psymin brought them over to her computer terminal.

"This is the project I've been working on." She explained. "I took a sample of Dolgrimite DNA and started genetically splicing it into the tip of a local vine. By doing this, I was able to make a connection with the vine, but that access point is extremely weak, and it broke down quickly. Even so, I have come to believe that gene editing is the path to future successes in my efforts. Turning these vines from a frustrating infestation into a source of energy would drastically improve life on Reldis!"

"Gene editing..." Unarin said quietly. "Interesting."

"Hm? Do you know something about my field?" Psymin asked.

"I... don't think so." Unarin said, though its expression shifted to one of confusion. "But... I feel as though I might."

"That wouldn't be surprising." Psymin commented. "Changelings know a lot more about biological processes than most Technopaths. Maybe your progenitor was a genetic biologist before they passed away. They might have passed that knowledge on to you."

Unarin looked at her in confusion. "Progenitors... can do such a thing?"

This time, it was Randis and Muuxunuu who looked surprised.

"Unarin." Muuxunuu said softly. "The primary goal of a Changeling during Osmosis is to spawn a descendant, then pass their knowledge on to that descendant through Genetic Transference. In this way, the knowledge continues to improve, generation by generation."

Unarin blinked in surprise. He had never heard this before, despite being a Changeling himself. It wasn't that the information was a secret, but more that he had never been especially close to any other Changelings, and it wasn't something they discussed much. Why would they? Every Changeling knew how Osmosis worked. They simply didn't need to discuss it. It was as simple as breathing to them... unless a Changeling died immediately after Osmosis. But even then, the descendant would be quickly picked up by other Changelings and raised properly to integrate into their society.

Unarin was an anomaly. An aberration that rarely existed anywhere else.

"If my progenitor failed to pass on its knowledge, does that mean the knowledge is lost forever?" Unarin asked.

Randis touched its chin thoughtfully. "This one is uncertain. This one has not come into contact with Featureless Ones before. This one will ask around to try and uncover the answer for you."

"Thank you. I would appreciate that." Unarin said, scratching its head with more confusion than before.

Whenever Unarin looked at the screen, it felt as if it possessed knowledge far beyond that of an ignorant junior. Unarin could almost swear it knew things about the genetic codes that would blow Psymin's mind... if only it could tell her.

Frustratingly, the knowledge was out of Unarin's reach, like a forgotten word sitting on the tip of a tongue.

"Why don't you tell me more about this project?" Unarin requested. "Perhaps if I study your work on the vines, I'll unlock the knowledge my progenitor left inside me."

"It's worth a shot!" Psymin chirped. She smiled cheerfully, her mouth-tendrils shaking with happiness. It wasn't often someone showed a real interest in her work, and Unarin's eyes weren't even turning glazed!

Perhaps this random Changeling could provide an impetus for her breakthrough in bio-technology?