Part 230: Neil's Investigation

_Inside the Labyrinth Core._

The King of All Monsters releases a sigh of boredom as he drags another fifty weakling monsters into an early grave. The ground opens up beneath them, engulfing their bodies with the viscosity of quicksand. The last sounds the poor creatures ever utter are cries for mercy.

But sadly, for them, Kar hasn't any left to give.

"Come into my Core... kill my pet humans... grumble grumble..."

Kar growls in annoyance as his twenty-third sequential horde of enemies disappears. By now, the majority of his foes have either perished or fled. Even Hungry, the Obsidian Goblin, runs away. His demonstone-skin won't protect him from suffocating inside the Labyrinth's bowels.

As the last of the invaders retreats, Kar crosses his arms. "Hurgh. Finally, I've finished off the second wave."

"Well done," Neil says. The Core's Commander strides over to Kar's side and pats his back. "I always knew you were strong, but not even I could imagine your power had reached this level."

Blinker flies over and lands on Kar's shoulder as the Sphinx turns to meet Neil's gaze. "Haha! Didn't Kar tell you? We went to visit his lizard family! They made him King of the Lizards!"

Neil deactivates his exosuit. Once his head reveals itself, he frowns. "I don't follow. What does that have to do with anything?"

"Hurgh. The lizards granted me a shard of their legacy," Kar says. "King Bloodscale stepped down from his throne and made me the leader of his people. As such, my power now reaches into the ranks of a Demon Emperor."

"When Kar says King Bloodscale, he means King Ghidorah," Blinker explains. "I got a piece of that power, too! I'm pretty badass now, as well!"

Neil glances around the Core at all of the fallen soldiers and invaders. Their bodies litter the server grounds, making traversal of the terrain tough to manage.

"I see. Well, that's among the best news I've heard in a while, Kar. We might lack Wordsmiths, but at least we have you. However, you shouldn't act cocky. The demons are sure to regroup and attack again. I need to burn these damned bodies before Mephisto turns them against us."

Kar follows Neil's gaze. "How sad. Many of my friends rest among the fallen. I have seen too many atrocities in my life. Even now, the sting of their loss burns my heart."

"Indeed. Such a tremendous loss of life is an abomination we mustn't tolerate," Neil replies.

The Commander queezes Kar's scaley, muscled arms for a moment, before turning away. Kar watches Neil leave, and shakes his head.

"Ox-Arms carries a heavy burden. He wishes to grieve, but he will never show weakness before his troops. What a lonely existence."

"What about you, big guy?" Blinker asks, her voice soft. "Are you doing okay?"

"Hurgh. As long as I have you, my beloved Butterfly, I will maintain my composure. However, I too, feel..."

Kar trails off. His deep green reptilian eyes flick toward the bodies of two fallen soldiers near his feet.

"...Never mind. Come. We will stand guard at the double doors. None shall enter the Core without my permission."

...

Kar leaves the massacred bodies behind him. As he walks away, Neil arrives at the Warpgate to Tarus II. Already, the soldiers have shut down all the other warpgates to keep Mephisto's undead from flooding into the Core.

"Where is that blasted necromancer, I wonder?" Neil mutters. He glances around the Core, a tingling of worry itching at the back of his mind. However, Mephisto doesn't reveal himself. Hundreds of soldiers, those who survived the first two waves of the invader's assaults, begin burning bodies at a superhuman speed. Even as they activate specially created flamethrowers, several corpses suck into the ground, unbeknownst to them.

Mephisto, the Duke of Mist, slithers around underground, beneath the feet of his enemies. He uses his necromantic abilities to drag his chosen future elites into the same abyss where Kar buried the monsters, all while tittering to himself with glee.

"Ksss. Ssstupid Monssster King, kekeke! Did you think you did me a dissserviccce? By killing my minionsss and burying them in quicksssand, you've only pressserved their bodiesss perfectly for my purposssesss!"

Mephisto glides toward the recently deceased bodies of three thousand minotaurs and orcs, their eyes and mouths opened wide due to their final moments of panicked breathing.

"Ssskeletonsss and ghoulsss are alwaysss a wonderful sssurprissse, but what could be better than perfectly ssserviccceable, recccently ssslaughtered monssstersss?! Kekekeke!"

However, as Mephisto glides around, turning the corpses of fallen humans, orcs, and minotaurs into his mindless slaves, he pauses for a moment to sigh.

"Ksss. That damned Ossse. How could ssshe predict thisss far ahead? Ssshe had no way to know Beelzebub would fall, and yet it ssseemsss as if hisss capture will do little to delay our victory."

Mephisto pokes a hole in his jaw with his bony finger.

"Sssomeday sssoon, I will make that woman my pet... kekeke! Ssshe daresss humiliate me now... but eventually, I will reign sssupreme over all of demonkind! Ksss, yesss, the powersss of a necromancccer are absssolute. The more who die, the ssstronger I become... kekeke!!"

The Duke of Mist merrily resumes his skullduggery, chuckling evilly to himself as he drags more bodies into his open arms.

...

"Commander. You need to take a look at this."

Neil and Debra stand and chat with one another, only to turn and look as one of the several thousand soldiers in the Core walks over to them, breathless.

"Private Cody?" Neil asks. "What's wrong? You look like you've seen a ghost."

"I _wish_ that was it," The young, red-headed man says. "Sir, about the inspection you ordered... we've just completed it. Someone disabled _all_ the explosives. We can't self-destruct the Core."

Debra flinches in surprise. "What? How?? When?!"

Neil doesn't visibly react. He maintains a calm appearance on the surface, but underneath, he simmers with rage. "Is that so? I should have known. How long will it take for us to repair the damage?"

Cody shakes his head. "I don't know if we can, sir. If Hope were here, maybe a day. Without him, weeks at the least. The damage appears... extensive."

Neil folds his hands behind his back. He assumes a dignified posture, but his eyes turn as cold as ice.

"We have a traitor in our midst. I've suspected as much for years, but it's been hard to pin the culprit down. At least now, I've narrowed the suspect list."

Cody raises an eyebrow. "Commander?"

"Only five people, aside from myself, know enough about the layout of the explosives we've planted to be capable of destroying them to this extent. I had more than 300 technicians install them, but the detailed schematics of the plastic explosives were kept strictly confidential. Debra, fetch me General Chadwick, General Caddis, Corporal Hurent, Lieutenant Henry, and Lieutenant Samuel."

Debra's face turns ashen. "Sir... you've known all of them for years — since the very beginning."

"That, I have," Neil nods. "Which makes this news all the more saddening. Private Cody, you're dismissed. Debra, carry out my request, please."

"Aye, Commander," Cody says, bowing meekly.

"Yes, sir," Debra adds.

Both of Neil's subordinates withdraw, giving Neil a moment of respite. The Commander flares his nostrils and narrows his eyes as sensations of rage boil in his stomach.

"There's nobody worse than a filthy, devil-kissing _traitor._"

...

Several minutes later, four men and one woman, all having disabled their exosuits, stand before Neil in a line. They fold their hands behind their backs and stand at attention, waiting for their Commander's inevitable speech.

"We haven't much time before the demons' next assault wave," Neil says. "So I won't mince any words. One of you has betrayed me. Someone destroyed the self-destruction system we put in place to prevent the demons from seizing the Core. I'm going to figure out who it was, and punish them _severely._ Before I begin, take off your exosuits and place them at your feet."

General Chadwick, a portly-looking 40-year-old Norwegian with a thick beard, doesn't hesitate. He immediately unstraps his T-REX and sets it on the ground before himself. 

"Commander."

General Caddis, a much thinner man with a pale complexion and big, thick-rimmed glasses, pauses for a half-second before following Chadwick's lead. He places his exosuit on the ground only a moment after his predecessor. 

"Commander."

Corporal Hurent, a black-haired woman in her mid-30's, moves the fastest. Hardly have the words left Neil's mouth, before she's already begun unstrapping and setting her T-REX at her feet. She even gives it a slight kick to nudge it toward Neil. 

"Commander."

Lieutenant Samuel, an African man in his late 20's, with thick, muscular arms and a piercing gaze, matches Chadwick's speed perfectly. Both of them set their T-REX's on the ground simultaneously.

"Commander."

Lieutenant Henry, the young prodigy who slew countless Grez during the invasion, lags behind everyone else noticeably. He stares at Neil for several seconds, as if shell-shocked by the news. By the time everyone else has placed their T-REX's on the ground, he's only just started unstrapping his.

"C-Commander."

Immediately, Neil's gaze fixates on Henry. "Lieutenant? You seem surprised. Somewhat nervous, even."

Henry swallows a lump in his throat. "I-I'm sorry, Commander. I was just taken aback by what you said. I didn't think something like this would ever happen."

"You didn't think the demons would be capable of corrupting someone to their side? Huh. I've always thought of you as someone with a robust imagination. How strange for you not to envision such a scenario."

Neil clicks his tongue, but doesn't pursue the line of conversation. Instead, he turns his attention to the first member of the lineup, General Chadwick.

"When was the last time you performed an inspection of the Failsafe Demon Response System, General?"

Chadwick stares Neil right in the eyes. "One week ago, Commander."

"And were the 'FADERS' still functional?"

"Aye, Commander. We estimated they would only take three seconds to reach full saturation."

"I see. General Caddis. What about you? When was the last time you performed a routine inspection?"

"Three days ago, Commander Neil," Caddis replies. The General pushes his glasses further up his nose before folding his hands behind his back. "All systems were still nominal at that time."

"Do you mean to tell me that in only the last three days, someone, or something, managed to tear apart all the wiring and infrastructure of our failsafe?"

Caddis shifts his weight. "I suppose so, Commander."

Neil falls silent for several seconds. His eyes flick across Caddis's face multiple times, scrutinizing every inch of the General's features, before eventually moving onto the lone woman of the group.

"Corporal Hurent. You've only been with us since we liberated your planet five years ago. Isn't it strange that you've risen through the ranks so quickly, despite your gender?"

The black-haired woman frowns. "Commander? I... I have always been loyal to humanity. I worked hard to make you proud."

"In this situation, anyone would say such a thing," Neil muses. "How do I know you're not simply telling me what I want to hear?"

Hurent's expression falls. "Commander... I would never betray you. You and Hope are the spark of life that will guide humanity into a glorious future."

Neil lowers his gaze to Hurent's T-REX. "You seemed eager to give me your device. Were you, perhaps, trying to make yourself look more innocent by kicking your exosuit toward me? Those who are eager to please are often the most willing to backstab the ones who helped raise their status."

The Corporal meets Neil's gaze, as he raises his eyes to look into hers. "Commander. With all due respect, I would never betray humanity. Frankly, knowing my life's story as you do, I'm angered you would even think to accuse me of such a thing."

"The demons murdered your husband and children," Neil concedes. "Or did they? I've only your word to guide my thoughts. Nevertheless, I'll move on."

Neil continues to eyeball the Corporal for a half-second before turning to the next in line. "Lieutenant Samuel. When did you last inspect the failsafes?"

Samuel shakes his head. "Never, Commander. You made it clear it was not part of my duties."

"That's right. And yet, you know the layout of all the bombs. You know where we've placed the explosives, and where the weak points are in their infrastructure. Might you, perhaps, have collaborated with our enemies in the last three days to doom us all?"

Samael shakes his head without hesitation. "No, sir. I would sooner fall on my sword than bring harm to my family."

Neil nods. "That's right. You have a family on Maiura. Suppose the demons came to you, one day, offering to spare them from a gruesome death during Ose's invasion. Might that not persuade you to their cause?"

Samuel and Neil lock eyes with one another. "Commander. I love my family deeply. However, I would never listen to the whisperings of any _bloodskin_ bastard. Their lies are innumerable. Their plots and deceptions, infinite. We've discussed as much in the pub."

"That, we have," Neil murmurs. "However, one of you has betrayed me, and I must find out _who._"

"I will not judge you for your harsh questioning, Commander," Samuel says. "Whoever here is the traitor, I'll execute them myself."

"As will I!" Corporal Hurent shouts. However, when Neil's gaze returns to her, she falls silent. "S-sorry, Commander."

"Don't speak out of turn," Neil says. "It will only deepen my suspicion."

Finally, the Commander returns to Henry. The young man looks like a disaster. Unlike the cool, calm, and collected appearances of the leaders before him, Henry appears as if he's just stepped out of a sauna. Sweat drips from his hair and forehead. 

Neil cocks his head. "Lieutenant Henry. If looks were all I had to go by, I'd assume you were guilty from the very beginning. Why, pray tell, do you look like death? Why are you so nervous?"

Henry wipes his forehead. "C-Commander. I'm not nervous... I just... I've spent the last four hours fighting, and haven't had time to rest. My entire body aches."

"A good excuse," Neil says. "but do I believe you? That is the question. In terms of killing demons, you are by far the leader here. It's hard to imagine that someone who has slaughtered as many bloodskins as you would ever compromise on their loyalty."

Henry starts to reply. However, before he can get a word out, Neil turns to General Chadwick at the head of the line.

"General. How many demons have you slain?"

Chadwick hesitates. "In the last year, Commander?"

"No. Since six years ago, when Jason freed us from Bahamut's bondage."

"Ah. A few thousand, I'd wager."

Neil nods. "General Caddis. How about you? How many have you killed?"

Caddis, having heard Neil direct the same question at his predecessor, replies without hesitation. "Two-thousand, six hundred and thirteen, Commander."

"Oh? Such a precise number."

The second General nods. "Yes, Commander. I consider each dead bloodskin a trophy kill."

"Have you hunted any recently?"

"Naturally," Caddis replies. "Just today, I killed another forty-three."

"Good, good. Corporal Hurent. What about you?"

Neil turns to the female Corporal. She blushes from embarrassment. "I... I'm sorry, Commander. I don't know. A lot, I'm sure."

"A lot? Give me a ballpark number at the least."

Corporal Hurent shrugs. "Ah... perhaps... six thousand? As you know, I've gone on hundreds of incursions. When there's so much chaos happening, I merely swing my sword and fire my rifle. I don't pay attention to how many bloodskins I kill."

Sensing Neil's lingering gaze, Hurent hastily adds, "B-but! I could check my T-REX's records for you, sir! I'm sure it would have a detailed breakdown!"

"That won't be necessary," Neil says. "However, I do have a follow-up question. Given the number of times you've gone on missions, isn't it possible you've had instances where the demon leaders could contact you? Perhaps they might have pulled you away from your fellow soldiers and made you offers you couldn't refuse. Perhaps they may have even corrupted you, without your knowing. Isn't that a distinct possibility?"

Hurent's crestfallen face makes the other gathered leaders sigh out of pity.

"Sir! I, I mean, Commander! No. I would never, ever turn my back on humanity. You know that! When the demons ambushed you, two years ago, it was me who saved you!"

"You did," Neil concedes. "But perhaps that was a ploy to get you in my good graces. I can't rule out the possibility."

"If I planned to betray you, I could have killed you then! Commander... I'd never..."

Corporal Hurent lowers her gaze. Tears well up in her eyes, forcing her to wipe them away.

Neil ignores Hurent's sadness. He immediately turns to Lieutenant Samuel and continues his line of questioning. "How many demons have you killed, Lieutenant?"

Samuel smiles. "Not enough, Commander."

"A number, Lieutenant. Give me a number."

The Lieutenant shrugs. "Fifty thousand."

His words cause the eyebrows to shoot up on both of the General's faces. Chadwick and Caddis both turn to look down the line at their comrade, surprised by his words.

"Fifty thousand. That amount seems almost braggadocious," Neil says, his face showing no reaction to Samuel's claim. "Do you think firing off such a big number will make me suspect you less?"

"Think what you like, Commander. I'll never stop killing bloodskins." Samuel replies. "No number will ever be large enough to satisfy me."

"Your attitude seems commendable. However, words are merely words. How many bloodskins did you kill today?"

"None, Commander," Samuel says, still smiling. "After all, we've only fought monsters, so far. Once a few grunts and Lords pop their heads up, I'll remove them from their necks."

"Hmm."

Neil flicks his eye back toward General Caddis.

"You said you had killed forty-three demons today, Caddis. However, Samuel just reminded me that none have shown up. What say you in response?"

The thin, wiry-looking General bows his head contritely. "My apologies, Commander. I spoke without thinking. I assumed you meant my number of kills in general, not the number of demons, specifically."

During Neil's entire line of questioning, not once has he changed his posture, nor moved an inch from where he stands.

However.

Now, Neil takes a few steps toward Caddis.

The Core's Commander, a military genius wise beyond his years, walks within inches of Caddis. Despite standing only eight centimeters taller than his senior officer, Neil somehow appears two feet taller. He cuts an intimidating figure as he causes Caddis to shrink back, ever so slightly.

"Caddis. You've slain forty-three enemy combatants today. Is that correct?"

Caddis flicks his eyes toward Chadwick for a brief instant, then back to Neil. "Y-yes, Commander. My T-REX will confirm as much."

"Perhaps it will," Neil murmurs, his voice as tranquil as an untouched lake. "However... would you like to know a secret? Two, in fact."

The General steels himself. "Commander?"

"I watched the entire battle today from our backlines. I commanded every garrison and every individual trooper," Neil whispers. "I watched as you killed... no-one. Not once did you land the killing blow on any of our enemies. I saw your incompetence with my own two eyes. Multiple times, you unloaded a hail of bullets, always striking the invaders' where it would only cripple them."

Caddis shivers. His eyes meet Neil's, now only half a foot away. "Commander. I... I would never-"

"Did you know?" Neil asks, his tone gaining a tinge of menace. "The current leader of the demons. Her name is Ose. I read a detailed report on her powers, given to me by the Second Emperor..."

Henry, Chadwick, Hurent, and Samuel all strain to listen to Neil's whispered words.

"...Her primary abilities revolve around technology. She's a hacker, Caddis. In other words... altering your suit's video files would be trivial for someone of her capabilities."

Caddis pales.

"Commander. You... you can't trust a word that succubus says-"

"I am aware," Neil says, cutting Caddis off. "That's why I confirmed Ose's powers with Kar. His mother has worked extensively with the demons' current leader, after all. Do you think I should distrust Kar, too?"

"No. Of course not, Commander. But... I would never betray humanity. I would never betray _you_!"

Finally, Neil leans away from Caddis. A strange smile appears on his face.

"You were the last person to inspect the FADERS. If Chadwick had betrayed us, you would have noticed his deception during your inspection. Neither of the Lieutenants was ever tasked with an inspection, and the Corporal inspected them over a month ago, before it was even my turn. That leaves you."

Neil exhales deeply, expelling the remnants of his anger.

"Why did you lie about your kills, General Caddis? Were you merely trying to hide your incompetence? No. You're Ose's little puppet. I wonder what she offered you to turn against us."

Caddis's posture relaxes. The look of fear vanishes from his eyes as he lowers his gaze.

"...You're a damned fool."

Suddenly, a spark of malice appears in Caddis's eyes. He starts to make a move, only for Corporal Hurent on his left to cry out in alarm. 

"Knife!"

Caddis pulls his arms out from behind his back and lunges toward Neil with a dagger in his grasp. He aims to impale the Commander through his eye, only for the Corporal to tackle him to the ground. Their sudden flurry of movement catches the attention of all the nearby soldiers, making several of them rush toward their leaders.

"Filthy bitch!" Caddis roars at Hurent. "Get off me! You'll doom us all!"

"You fucking traitor!" Hurent shouts. "I trusted you!"

Chadwick, Samuel, and Henry all jump in to help the Corporal subdue their enemy. Samuel's expression turns nasty as he wrenches the knife out of Caddis's grasp. "Commander! Allow me."

"No," Neil says. "Don't kill Caddis. Arrest him. If we survive this invasion, I aim to squeeze some answers out of him."

Caddis struggles to break free of his captors, but once the armored commandos appear, he gives up.

A look of hatred boils in Caddis's eyes. "You stupid fool, Neil!" Caddis roars. "We can't win against the demons! We should bow to them before it's too late! They'll kill us all! Our blood will be on your hands!!"

Neil sighs. "Soldiers. Take him away."

Two commandos decked out in T-REX's slap movement-inhibiting shackles on Caddis and drag him toward the Tarus II warpgate.

"You'll kill us all, Neil! Do you hear me?!" Caddis screams. "You'll kill us all!!"

...

Caddis disappears through the warp-gate, leaving Neil alone with his other four leaders.

"Chadwick. Hurent. Samuel. Henry. I'm sorry for anything I said that may have offended you. Now, return to your posts, everyone except for Chadwick. The demons are sure to strike soon."

Corporal Hurent smiles meekly at Neil. "Yes, Commander. Thank you for believing in me."

"You've saved my life twice now," Neil says with a nod. "Who else can I believe in, if not you?"

"I wish you'd have let me kill that bastard," Samuel mutters. He and Hurent both retrieve their T-REX's and walk away.

"Yes, but even a rat has its uses," Neil murmurs.

Henry is the last to leave. He straps on his exosuit and pauses for a moment. "I'm still exhausted, Commander. I'll, uh... I'll take a breather."

"Yes, please do," Neil says, offering a smile.

Henry leaves, along with the other soldiers.

Soon, only Neil and Chadwick remain.

The Commander's expression darkens.

"Chadwick. What do you think about Lieutenant Henry's performance during my questioning?"

The broad-shouldered General crosses his arms. "Hmph. Suspicious. He's hiding something."

"The demons are resourceful," Commander Neil whispers. "They have many methods to slip past our ranks. I want you to keep an eye on the Lieutenant until further notice."

Chadwick nods, but follows up with a frown. "Commander. Do you suspect Lieutenant Henry of being a demon spy? He's killed more bloodskins than many of our platoons combined. He's a legend on the battlefield."

"If sacrificing tens of thousands of grunts will allow her to infiltrate our ranks, I don't doubt Ose would do so for a second," Neil mutters. "Don't let nostalgia cloud your vision, General. Always remain vigilant when it comes to a bloodskin."

"What about me?" Chadwick prods. "What makes you think I won't betray you?"

"Haha," Neil chuckles, as a wry grin creeps onto his face. He glances up at the General and smiles. "I'm more likely to betray humanity than you, General. Let's not pretend you have a chance in Hell of walking the road less traveled when you could get revenge for your brother."

Chadwick nods. "It is as you say."

The two men exchange a few pleasantries before departing from one another.

After Chadwick leaves, Neil gazes toward the great doors, where Kar stands, his vigilant gaze aimed down the only hallway leading to humanity's fortress.

"Even without the Wordsmiths... we still have a chance of survival. It may be slim... but it's still there."