Part 031: Loss

"Seven Devils!" The words blurt from my mouth as a blade of light pops out of the human's metal cylinder. _I've never seen a weapon like that before!_

The weapon hums like a horde of angry bees. My adversary raises it upward, and it faintly illuminates his face. However, I still can't make out his appearance.

"Give up, Beelzy. I'd rather not maim you if I don't have to." Jason lowers into a defensive stance, and the blade illuminates his clothing dramatically. It doesn't escape me that its pure white color matches his glowing eyes.

There must be a connection.

Quickly, I glance back at Rosalia. "Summon the Dukes! I'll fight this worm in the meantime!"

She nods fearfully as her eyes lock onto his light-sword. After a moment, she turns and rushes away, leaving us alone.

"What, are you afraid?" The human smirks, a mocking tone in his voice. "Need backup before we've even fought?"

"Not at all," I murmur, as I gather fire in my palms. "I want the Dukes here to confirm my victory. Beating you will net me a hefty reward in human souls, perhaps enough to become a Baron."

"You talk a lot for someone who's supposedly confident. Are you stalling for time?"

The fire in my hands rapidly heats up to the optimal temperature as I take a step back. "A battle is more than a series of practiced maneuvers, insect. Often, careful preparation will mean a fight is over before it's even begun!" 

Instead of hurling a fireball, I aim both palms forward and twist at the same time to summon a cone of flame that instantly expands around the entire hallway. The inferno screams ahead, shrieking like a wild banshee as it races at the human. 

_He can't evade. Not even his hidey-hole will be any use this time!_

Suddenly, as if the gods have decided to mock me, my attack freezes its momentum! The flame halts, almost as if it's hit an invisible barrier, then backfires and reverses its direction back at me. The superheated flames devour my clothing and tear apart the skeletons behind me. The reanimated beings don't stand a chance against my magical flames.

Luckily, fire does nothing to me. Other than my dignity, I suffer no injuries.

Cutting off the fuel, I clasp my hands shut. The wall of flame stops behind me at some point as my clothes transform into ash. _Rosalia would kill to see my naked body,_ I muse.

"You reversed my flames. Only magic could accomplish such a feat," I growl. "Humans can't use magic. What are you?"

Embers crackle and pop on the ceiling, walls, and ground. The insect wipes his nose. "I ask myself that every day. Nephilim, perhaps? The son of an angel and a human?"

"Nephilim?!" I can't stop my jaw from slackening. "Impossible! All the angels should be dead! How stupid do you think I am?!"

Jason raises his light-sword until it touches the ceiling. Sparks appear for a moment, and he pulls away, a pinprick burned above him. "You're not the first Lord I've fought. I've already beaten several others. Are you a one-trick pony? Even your size isn't that impressive."

"My size?" I raise an eyebrow. "I'm taller than the average demon."

"I wasn't talking about your height," Jason remarks with a smile.

"How crude of you."

I can't enter the rat's melee range. His light-sword looks extremely dangerous. However, a cord drapes underneath it and around behind his back to that giant lump. If the sword uses energy, then does that mean it has a power source?

Even if it does, what about the attack he used on the orcs? He may have other weapons. Possibly magic, too. But if that's the case, then when did he perform the hand signs?!

Devils! This human is an aberration, just like the Black Queen! Since when did humans grow to be so-

...

_Oh._

_I understand, now._

"I knew I'd seen you before, Jason. You were beside the Black Queen, Amelia, weren't you? She claimed the human at her side was a mighty warrior. Agares thought she was bluffing, but it seems she wasn't. What is your relationship with that wench?"

He bows his head slightly. "My relationship? Amelia... tried to kill me. Or to wound me. After all, I am a Hero. I'm her worst enemy."

"A Hero?" Another shock races through my body. "L-liar! Joan was the final Hero! It's been tens of thousands of years since her death. You claimed to be Nephilim, and now a Hero. I thought Heroes never lied."

"Believe what you will," Jason says, before sighing. "I know you sent your girlfriend to call for backup, so I'd like to get this over with." He disengages his weapon and closes his eyes. Then, he speaks a single word. "Seizure."

"Excuse me? What do you mean by 'Seiz-'" 

Before I can finish my sentence, horrible agony erupts in my mind. My skull seemingly shatters and twists, lancing into every part of my brain.

"Aaaauuughhh!" 

A vile scream escapes my lips, but I can't control myself. Fire erupts from my mouth and hands. At some point, I end up on the ground, but I don't remember falling. Spots dance all over my vision.

"-should only last an hour or so. Sorry for the trouble," The human says. I can't understand his words. 

Oh, Devils, the pain! THE PAIN!

...

A moment later, I blink — sweat bubbles from every pore in my body. My chest heaves and falls, and my mouth fills with the taste of sand. I need water! Thirsty!!!

"Mister Beelzebub! He's awake!"

Rosalia's irritating voice cuts through the fog obscuring my vision.

"About time," Bael's voice replies. He sounds distant, yet close. I raise my head to look for him, only to realize his feet are inches from my face. The stench of his rotting toe fungus makes me gag. "Face-down and ass-up! Bahaha! What a way to land! Whatever that human did to him, he left the Lord of Fire in the funniest position I've ever-"

"Quiet, Bael," Diablo says, lightly slapping the other's chest. "We don't even know what happened. He's been screaming in pain ever since we arrived. The humans may have developed a new weapon."

Bael grows quiet. "Hmm. A human, huh. Hey! Girly! You sure the intruder you saw was a human? Seems mighty unlikely."

While the Second Emperor and First Duke converse, I pull away from Bael and stagger backward to sit on my butt. My head swoons from the brutal attack the human unleashed on my mind. I can barely focus my thoughts.

I open my mouth to speak, but my voice rasps painfully. "He- hummun, Jay-sun... Heee-ruhhh..."

"Eh? Wassat?" Bael leans in closer and cups a hand to his ear. "Can't talk straight?"

"His throat sounds dry. Here, give him some water," Diablo says, as he reaches into his robes and pulls out a small flask of liquid.

The cool water pours into my mouth. I cough a little but immediately feel life return to me. A moment later, I haggardly pull myself into a sitting position. Rosalia hands me my suit top she took earlier, and I use it to cover my lower regions.

"Sh-shameful. I shall never live this down," I whisper under my breath.

"What happened?" Diablo asks. "We came as soon as Rosalia told us about the light-sword."

I stare at Diablo for a few moments as I try to make sense of the preceding events, but several thoughts bubble up all at once. _If I tell Diablo and Bael what befell me; they'll laugh. After getting my posterior handed to me by the Black Queen, I already look unworthy for the position of Baron, let alone Duke. I can't let it appear as if some random human easily beat me. Besides, he spoke one word, and I collapsed! Pathetic!_

"It was horrible," I begin. "First, the man pulled out his sword of light. It was a weapon unlike any I'd seen before, seemingly able to slice through everything in its path. I dodged it for as long as I could and struck back with my flames. He kept pulling back and evading my attacks like a coward. As I put him on the defense, I tricked him into revealing his name."

Bael nods, his cockiness from earlier gone. "Whoa. I don't even remember weapons like that during the Energy Wars."

"I've seen a few in my lifetime," Diablo muses. "Continue. Who was he?"

"His name is Jason. He's a Hero!" I blurt the words out quickly, capturing their imaginations with my intricate wordplay. "Agares and I both met him when we first encountered the Black Queen! He was the little runt who stood beside her. She claimed he was a mighty warrior, but Agares didn't believe her, given her past lies."

Diablo's eyes widen. "Ah, yes, Agares told me about the encounter with Amelia. He mentioned she was keeping a human at her side, but Agares thought the boy was just for food."

"Precisely!" I jump to my feet, causing the shirt covering my demonhood to fall to the ground. Rosalia nearly faints at the sight of my oversized meat-log. "He's a Hero! She trained him for the Devil only knows what purpose!"

Diablo glances at Bael, then back at me. "So how did he defeat you?"

I pause, quickly thinking up a brilliant explanation that will win them over with a tale of my bravery. "Jason unleashed a variety of awesome powers on me. We fought for over thirty minutes before he used a psionic attack. My vision blurred, and he knocked me out when my defenses were down. He must have run away in the chaos."

"Wow! I'm glad he didn't kill you, Mister Beelzebub!" Rosalia wipes her forehead, relieved. "You must have scared him good!"

Bael narrows his eyes. "Yeah, I betcha did. Say, why _did_ that human spare you, anyway? He sounds like one tough cookie."

_Damn. Bael acts like an idiot, but he can be unusually perceptive when it comes to matters of war._

I pause for a moment, before answering, "He kept mentioning my backup. He must have wanted to leave before you showed up. I don't believe I was out long."

Diablo scratches his chin. "We only got here about five minutes ago. Any idea which way he went?"

I quickly glance up and down the hallways, remembering my positioning. "Well, Jason wanted to pass Rosalia and me. Ah! He said that Amelia was still alive! He said he wished to fight her!"

"The Black Queen is alive?" Diablo chews his upper lip. "This tale grows stranger by the minute. I thought you said he worked for her?"

"Aye. Amelia must have attacked Jason. The two of them had a falling out. I believe he holds a grudge."

"Tch." Bael crosses his arms over his bare chest. "He can't have gone far. Beelzebub, you go 'n find an Oracle. Tell them to contact Diablo 'n me. With the Oracles' help, we'll gather the other Dukes and kill this Hero once and for all. We'll hunt the runt down and find out what he knows about the Black Queen."

My eyes blink reflexively. "You want me to find an oracle? No, I should assist you."

Diablo chuckles. "Haha. You've exerted yourself enough for today, young one. If this human is involved with the Black Queen, then he's too dangerous for you to handle. Besides, you barely survived by the skin of your teeth."

Rosalia nods energetically. "They're right, Mister Beelzebub! I don't want you to get hurt again! You should go to the healing chambers and-"

"I'm fine, woman!" My teeth gnash at her constant annoyance. "You should find the Oracles! I can help the Dukes!"

Bael snickers. "Hehe, you couldn't handle one human, Hero or not. I don't need you draggin' us down, pup. Now hop to it, like a good little imp. This Hero stuff is Duke and Emperor business."

"What he said," Diablo adds. "Come on, then, Bael. Let's track him down. If we're lucky, maybe the Lord of Fire scratched him. A blood trail would make our jobs a lot easier."

Bael scoffs. "Tch. I can smell a fleshbag anywhere in the Labyrinth. Just follow the stench of weakness."

Without waiting for my reply, both demon leaders turn and walk down the path, leaving Rosalia and me together, alone. The last thing I hear is Bael's voice, as he says, "Guh! To think, we might've missed him by just a few minutes! He probably slipped right past us!"

...

Anger swells in my chest.

_Despicable insect. Now humans have shamed me twice! First came the Black Queen, and now the so-called Hero. Thanks to this 'Jason,' the Dukes look down on me even more than they did before!_

_Curses. How did the human beat me? All he did was say a word! 'Seizure.' Somehow he attacked my mind and rendered me defenseless, yet he didn't kill me. He didn't kill the orcs, either. Perhaps he's soft? He might be someone who believes in peace or some other Skarn droppings. Maybe this is a weakness I can exploit!_

A minute passes as I breathe slowly and think about several things. Rosalia clears her throat, interrupting my thoughts. "Um... M-Mister Beelzebub, sir? Shouldn't we do as Diablo ordered?"

"Yes, yes. I know." 

_The human must be from the Core. There's been too much suspicious activity there. I should continue my original plan to restore my standing. In fact, I need it now more than ever. While I attack the Core, the Dukes will defeat the Hero. It will be a two-pronged attack that will crush the monster insurrection and demonstrate my worthiness for all to see._

"Rosalia, I have plans of my own. You must find an Oracle and pass Diablo's orders along. I will attack the Core just as I originally planned."

She shakes her head. "No! Beelzebub, you'll get in big trouble! Besides, your contingent was wiped out by that human! You can't go to the Core alone!"

"I'll figure something out. Do as I say!" My teeth grind together as I strongly consider backhanding the worthless woman. _Just what I need, an underling questioning my orders. Heh, come to think of it, that's what I'm doing to Diablo and Bael. Oh well, it can't be helped. I'm far smarter than either of them._

Turning away, I head the opposite direction that the Duke and Emperor went. "Begone with you, Rosalia!"

She sniffles. "I'm... I'm worried! Fine! I'll do it, but don't expect me to be there for you when you get in trouble!"

She stomps away, her boots echoing off the walls as she leaves.

I smirk. _Like I care what a fat, ugly she-orc thinks._

Glancing down at my stripped body and filthy suit top, I sigh.

_First, I need new clothes. I refuse to enter a battle in the nude._