Part 694: Hyphytes

_Far-Future Era. Day 2, AJR. Inside the False Cosmic Realm._

Uzziel spent four days prepping her brothers for the soul transference, not even noticing the destruction of Tarus II and the deaths of both Wordsmiths. Four days was no simple matter. Her family's new bodies were vastly stronger than their originals, even at their peak. 

The Archangels may have once been the strongest life-forms in the Milky Way, but even when they had yet to truly release much of their Cosmic Power in unending death battles, they were not particularly resilient. The dragons, which Uzziel created later, had far more durable and powerful bodies than the angels. The angels, meanwhile, relied on armoring their bodies with holy energy so that they could strike with enough power to damage the dragons. This was why it took so many angels to defeat a single dragon.

Obviously, as time went on and the angel species weakened while the dragons' powers consolidated into fewer and fewer of them, the difference in power grew even more bleak. In the end, an assault by hundreds of thousands of angels, led by all seven remaining Archangels, were only barely able to claim the life of Jörmungandr.

Now, eons later, these Archangels knew the truth. They had thought at the time that Jörmungandr was the last dragon, the mother of her species. With her death, they had eliminated the threat of the dragons forever.

But they had been wrong.

There was still another dragon. Raphael had learned of this fact only after the Energy Wars, when his soul had come into contact with Jason, and thus with Solomon, who was connected to Jason. Leviathan had been the 'last' dragon.

But even that was not the final member of his species.

There was one more...

While Uzziel prepared her brothers and Uriel for the transference of their souls into their new bodies, Raphael turned to his family members.

"While we were traveling with the Wordsmith, I learned of the existence of Camael's Cube. Originally, I assumed that the dark dragon, Leviathan, hath been the one to break free of the Cube. Now, I believe I hath been mistaken."

Uzziel glanced at her brother. "What is the meaning behind thy words? Art thou proclaiming another dragon still liveth among the physical realm?"

"Aye." Raphael said solemnly. "Verily, I lack certainty regarding its identity. Sister, hath thou uncovered any information regarding this potential dragon? Anything whatsoever?"

Uzziel conjured a ball of life energy and carefully pressed it against Gabriel's ring. This was one of the most important parts of the soul transference ritual; repairing the damage to her brothers and sister's souls. Because of their deaths and entrapment inside their rings, they were badly injured and any attempt to move them to her new and improved Kolvaxian bodies would almost certainly kill them. But by healing their souls first and repairing all the cracks that had spread, they could safely transfer and reintegrate.

Naturally, if they died again, in the future, it would be permanent. The laws of reality only permitted an entity one chance to survive death. Beyond that, death was always permanent, and one would travel to the Great Beyond, never to return.

"A dragon..." Uzziel said quietly. "I shan't lie, brother. I hath sensed a powerful presence on the world of Grimvolas. Its energy signature is faint, but without a doubt, 'tis an upper-level Cosmic. Whether 'tis High or Apex, I cannot tell. An energy field surroundeth its distorted dimension."

Gabriel, usually the quietest of the group, spoke up. "This bodes well for us. If this creature is a dragon, and if it holds any measure of power over the Dolgrimites, t'would surely know of the fall of angelkind 100,000 cycles ago. For it to remain hiding, one cannot believe 'tis still afraid of us. It must be injured."

"Badly injured." Uzziel acknowledged. "But even so, a dragon with a broken wing is still a dragon. We mustn't act recklessly. Bah... HEH HEH HEH! What will we have to fear once all of thee have come to possess thy new bodies? Let alone Archangels, I could send an unending army of Plagueborn to assault Grimvolas. The dragon would inevitably weaken and falter, allowing us to land the killing blow."

Uzziel oozed confidence. Even though she knew the Dolgrimites had recently found a way to kill her powerful new Plague Bodies, she was far from impressed. Borrowing the power of a 'god' only allowed the Dolgrimites to take on small smatterings of Kolvaxians one-by-one.

Uzziel's gleeful grin vanished.

"That name... Kolvaxian... I detest it! Why should these barbaric Volgrim be granted the right to name my beautiful children?! They are not a Plague, but the protectors of our galaxy! They are its enforcers, its primary life forms, and soon, its greatest creation! Brother Raphael, once we send these rats scurrying, we should ensure everyone knows of their true name!"

Raphael offered no argument. "Speak thy replacement, sister, and I shalt make it known."

Several minutes passed. Uzziel looked off into the distance and smiled dreamily as she thought of a new moniker for her children.

"Hyphytes..." Uzziel said slowly. "Plants which live underground. Burrowing agents of my will. Networked life forms which share a consciousness. We shall call them _Hyphytes_."

The other Archangels looked at their sister and nodded.

"A good name." Michael said.

"Powerful and fearsome." Gabriel agreed.

"'Tis certainly accurate..." Uriel said, a bit more skeptically.

"I am not certain if it shall catch on, but I will endeavor to make it so." Raphael vowed. "Now then, how much more time before our bodies fully integrate?"

"Not much longer." Uzziel said. "A few rotations at most. Brother, art thou a little impatient?"

"Long have I awaited this day, my revival." Raphael responded. "I sometimes lost faith the day would ever come... but I shall wait longer, as needed. Little sister, thy efforts art deeply appreciated."

"Worry not about me, but about how thou shalt maintain thy end of the bargain." Uzziel said. "I am still a mere High Cosmic, far from reaching the Apex. How exactly dost thou intendeth to raise me to my limit?"

"The sacrifice thou mayest unleashed upon Earth is the key, Uzziel." Raphael said with a smile. "In time, once I hath regained my power, I shall ensure thou reacheth the same level as I."

Uzziel snorted. "Thou art a snake, Raphael. For what reason shoulds't I trust thee? I know thy true goal. Thou intendeth to become Ruler over the Milky Way. How can I know thou shalt verily bear unto me the method to uplift myself to Apex Cosmic once thou no longer requireth my assistance?"

Raphael didn't falter. He smiled at Uzziel with the same warm expression he always did.

"Uzziel, my love for thee is as boundless as the ocean. I entrusted the fate of our galaxy to thee. When I become Ruler over creation, I shalt require formidable warriors to defend this galaxy. Why would I betray thee, or any of my siblings, when all of thee art the basis of my power? My ascension cannot pass without everyone's help."

That quieted Uzziel down. She nodded solemnly. "Then thou hast better keep thy word, brother. I care not whether thou becometh Ruler, and indeed I believe thy qualifications vastly exceed any other life form counted among the living today. Even that Unarin is unworthy of comparison."

Raphael patted his sister's shoulder. "Believe in me, and I shall give unto thee all the riches of the galaxy."

Raphael turned and walked over to Michael to talk to him. After he departed, Uzziel gazed off into the distance. Her eye twitched. For a split second, she seemed to remember something important.

_A promise?_ Uzziel thought. _What promise am I thinking of? Perhaps 'tis unworthy of consideration._

That feeling went away. Uzziel returned to the work of healing her brother's souls.

Uriel sat nearby. She stared at Uzziel's back as she went about healing Gabriel's soul. The longer Uriel stared, the more her thoughts became disorganized. At that moment, she no longer wore her brother's rings. Instead, their new bodies wore them, and the trio could materialize their spiritual forms by relying on the magical power inside their future bodies.

Unfortunately, they could not integrate their souls into the new bodies. Not just yet. But once they did, they would gain power of an immense level.

For the first time in a while, Uriel was alone with her thoughts. Raphael could not listen in, and neither could Michael or Gabriel.

Inside the depths of Uriel's Mind Realm, a presence stirred. She turned a cold eye inward to see Artorias's hazy form shimmering to life. Previously, he had been suppressed by the power of all the Archangels combined, but none of them were strong enough to kill him or Barbatos.

Barbatos could not be killed because he was the original owner of the body. Artorias was his blood brother, and as such, Barbatos extended an invisible, involuntary protection to him. Even when Barbatos's soul had fallen completely comatose, Artorias could still withstand the relentless, agonizing pressure of the Archangels who wished dearly for him to die.

[So this is how it ends.] Artorias said, smirking at Uriel. [You obtain a new body, the Archangels rise up and take over the galaxy. It turns out even our dear 'mother' Uzziel was a monster, just like the rest of you.]

Uriel's eyes lowered. She stared at the ground for a long while.

[Artorias.] She said quietly.

[Something to say?] He spat back. [Save your words. You've wanted me dead for so long, and now you can finally have your way. There's no need to rub it in my face.]

Uriel continued to gaze downward.

[I... regret.] She said quietly.

[Regret?] Artorias repeated, giving her a strange look. [Regret what?]

Uriel closed her eyes as if fatigued. [Verily, I regret my actions. I hated the demons for so long. A deserved hatred, 'twas, in many respects. My body, taken from me. My life, nearly extinguished. Forced into a position of subservience to the soul of a middling little Demon Lord like Barbatos, and thou as well.]

[But in the end...] Uriel continued, [I am no longer certain the fate I have suffered was wholly unjust.]

A moment of silence followed. Artorias crossed his arms and stared at the apparition of Uriel inside Barbatos's Mind Realm. She gazed off into the distance, appearing lost and confused.

[We angels art... a plague upon the universe.] Uriel said. [In all meanings of the word, we art a tumor, a cancer, a contagion. We create life, only to treat it as our plaything, time and time again. The dragons, the titans, the demons, the humans, and now... even the Plague. All this time, my wiped mind led me to falsely believe that at least Uzziel was the best of us. But she was not. She was the worst. Her true self was hidden for at least an eon. Raphael was, verily, the one who led the deception, but Uzziel was complicit.]

Uriel's shoulders slumped.

[I know not what I believe anymore. Thy people hath taken much from me. But our people were most certainly at fault for the way thine turned out. All I know is that these... abominations my sister hath created... art most definitely an eyesore. They art an affront to the heavens.]

[What are you saying?] Artorias asked. [Is this your idea of an apology? It's a bit late for that.]

[I wish for thee to pass on a message when I am gone.] Uriel said. [Please tell Barbatos... I am sorry. I pray the two of thee shalt be able to resist the coming storm.]

Artorias stared at Uriel for a long while.

[Are you planning to die?] He asked quietly.

[Nay. My death woulds't accomplish nothing.] Uriel said. [But what I am soon to do... it hurts my soul. It aches in a way I hath never imagined. Turning on my closest family. Betraying them. 'Tis not a choice I make lightly.]

Artorias's expression changed. He lowered his arms to his side and stared at her, his mouth agape. [Uriel! Are the words you speak true?!]

[The angels lost a long time ago.] Uriel replied. [Our continued existence is a slap across the face of the Creator. My brother slayeth our galaxy's Ruler in cold blood, for the sake of his own greed. He is a sinner. Because of him, we art likely to perish in the coming Akashic War. And if he shoulds't ascend? He shalt take measures to exterminate all non-angelic life, becoming an arbiter of galactic genocide.]

Uriel's eyes flashed with a wicked gleam.

[I am many things. An unfeeling monster is _not_ one of them. I can no longer remain silent in the face of these coming atrocities.]

Artorias listened quietly. He waited for a moment, then walked over to Uriel's side. He stood close to her, and she in turn looked up into his eyes.

[Is there something I can do?] Artorias asked.

[There is.] Uriel said softly. [But thy role shalt be a most painful one. I do not wish to even speak of it.]

Artorias swallowed heavily. He had been trapped in his brother's body as long as Uriel, but he could not ever walk the mortal plane until his brother's soul had suffered a wound so painful that Artorias was finally able to resurface.

[Speak it.] Artorias said. [I would give everything for my brother. Even my life.]

Uriel smiled. It was weak and faint, but somehow, the slightest bit eye-catching. He couldn't remember a single time she had ever smiled, except when revealing expressions that were sadistic and vengeful, such as during her attack upon Hell Harbor.

[Thou art stronger than thy feeble mind cans't fathom.] Uriel said. [Dost thou not even realize? Thou hath spent an eon battling my soul for control of this body. Thy brother and thee hath suffered excruciating pain few cans't comprehend. But pain is itself a form of tempering. Unlike my broken soul, both of thine art quite strong and healthy.]

She looked away.

[When the time cometh, thou shalt know what to do. Just remember. Thou must climbeth as many of the Akashic Stairs as possible. If thou dost reacheth the hundredth step... I shalt leave the boon thou requesteth to thy imagination.]

Artorias frowned.

[Are you saying I can ascend to the Cosmic level?]

[I am saying that if thou doth believe in thyself, anything is possible.] Uriel said calmly. [Such is why I have come to believe in thee.]

Both of them fell silent. Artorias turned and walked away. He looked back at Uriel a few times, but ultimately had nothing more to say. She had left him with many disorganized thoughts.

[To think we were once enemies.] Artorias mused. [Uriel... do you know? I still hate you.]

Uriel did not answer. She had not heard his whisperings.

---

_Far-Future Era. Day 18, AJR. Inside the False Cosmic Realm._

More than two weeks passed.

"Verily, my preparations hath reached their conclusion." Uzziel said to all her siblings. "Thy souls art fully repaired. We shoulds't begin the transference process without delay."

"Very well!" Raphael exclaimed with blatant excitement. "Let us begin!"

Uzziel glanced at the ring resting upon the hands of the new Archangel bodies. Despite Raphael's exuberance, she instead turned to Uriel.

"Sister, thou hath possessed a false body the longest. Allow me to set thee free first."

Raphael frowned. He snorted quietly, but didn't protest. He could tell Uzziel didn't trust him. Else, why wouldn't she transfer her eldest brother's soul first?

Uriel smiled. She had already reverted entirely back to Barbatos's appearance after losing most of the connection to his body. Her expression was hidden beneath his full-helm.

"Many thanks, sister Uzziel." Uriel replied. "I shalt be glad to finally cast this body aside."

And so, Uzziel began. She concentrated her mind and began to lightly pull at Uriel's soul. Uriel winced. It felt as if something were ripping her throat from her neck. It was an agonizing pain, but one she could bear. Even if Barbatos's body were not truly hers, she had been integrated deeply into Barbatos's Mind Realm for an eon. No amount of soul-cleaning would totally erase that link. There would have to be deliberate severing to make way for her escape.

Uriel's new body stood stiffly, her unfocused eyes gazing ahead into nothingness. As Uriel's soul came loose from Barbatos's body, the agony she felt was truly indescribable. But, mixed in with the direct soul-pain, there was also a feeling of separation, of loss.

She had come to think of Barbatos's body as 'hers'. Whether she wanted to admit it or not, she was intimately familiar with who he was and how he thought.

Barbatos had been a total shithead in the beginning. A spoiled, greedy brat.

But less than a century of suffering under the constant bombardment of Uriel's holy energy quickly refined his soul, pushing away those short-sighted impulses of his youth. He had grown to become demonkind's most level-headed Duke.

Before he fell into a coma, Barbatos had been considered as being one of the strongest Dukes in all seven Hells. Not only strong of body, but even stronger of mind. He was unbreakable. Unshakable.

Uriel's soul trembled. She realized now, as his body grew distant...

She had grown to like Barbatos.

_She respected him._

It was this realization that became her final lucid thought before her soul merged into her new body and she fell into a deep coma.

After placing Uriel into her new body, Uzziel did not waste a second. She took Gabriel next, then Michael, and put them into their new bodies.

Finally, she took Raphael's soul and sneered.

"Thy word hads't better be worth its weight in gold." Uzziel declared. "If not..."

She left the threat hanging unspoken. Raphael didn't deign to respond. He simply looked at her as she pulled his soul out of his ring and placed it into his new body. His thoughts went dark. The light left his eyes.

Thus began the acclimation process.

24 hours later, Uriel opened her eyes.

Her vision was only blurry for a short while. Then it cleared up. She spotted Barbatos's lifeless body laying on the ground a stone's throw away. Uzziel hadn't given the slightest care about it, and had totally ignored its presence.

To Uriel's right, Gabriel stood with his head bowed, and his eyes closed.

He had not yet awakened. Neither had Michael or Raphael.

"Sister." Uzziel said, walking over and flashing a cruel smile. "Now that thou art awake, speak. Tell me, how fares the strength of thy new body?"

Uzziel shifted her weight. She stumbled slightly, misjudging her height and the length of her legs. She was taller than Barbatos now, her new body crafted to look and feel exactly like her original. The problem was, Uriel was not used to her original body's 'feeling' anymore. Even when she mimicked its appearance while in Barbatos's body, she could not increase her height or change the size of her build.

It would take some getting used to if she wanted to move and fight properly as she once had an eon earlier.

"I feel... strange." Uriel said hesitantly. She summoned a spear of light in her grasp, but her slender fingers were longer than Barbatos's. She held the spear awkwardly, noticing that her fingers rubbed uncomfortably against her palm.

"Long hath thou been trapped in this bloodskin's form." Uzziel said, curling up her lip in disgust. "Worry not. I left the body unharmed. Thou can render unto it as much torturous agony as thou pleaseth. I imagine thy hatred for this wretch burns hotter than any flame in the galaxy."

Uriel blinked.

Hatred?

Did she _hate_ Barbatos?

Perhaps. Once, a long time ago.

But that time had long passed.

She swallowed heavily, then turned to look at her brothers' forms.

"When will they awaken?" Uriel asked.

"Not much longer now." Uzziel replied, turning away from Barbatos to fixate on Raphael. "Uriel... dost thou feel any semblance of trust toward Raphael?"

"These days?" Uriel questioned. "I cannot say that I do."

"Mmm." Uzziel grunted. She didn't say anything else.

With Uzziel's attention diverted away from the insignificant, weak, and pathetic gnat lying lifeless on the ground behind her, Uriel also pretended not to care. But secretly, her heart began racing.

She did not want Barbatos to die! It was an unthinkable realization, but seeing the evil lurking within this False Cosmic Realm, Uriel felt as if her entire existence had been a lie. She was playing the part of a villain, and she did not enjoy doing so. Killing demonkind self-righteously for the sake of vengeance was one thing, but these Kolvaxians would devour all life in this galaxy, and the others!

They were abominations beyond compare! Uriel needed to come up with a plan, and fast.

Slowly, Gabriel woke up. He required time to adjust to his form, but less so than Uriel, as his spiritual form was already a close approximation of his original self.

Michael followed. When he awoke, he glanced at the demon on the floor, then at Uriel. He said nothing, only turning to look at Raphael as he waited for the eldest Archangel to awaken.

Eventually, Raphael did.

The old man's eyes fluttered open. He only took a moment to reorient himself before he regained full control of his body. It turned out that adjusting to his new body was a piece of cake for the old snake. He adapted to it like a fish tossed into a body of water.

Raphael stretched his back and admired his hands. "Most impressive. The slight hint of green upon my skin doth be somewhat unnerving, but a minor price to pay for obtaining a body my old self woulds't never have dreamed of owning."

The Archangels all milled about for a minute or two. Then, Raphael set his eyes upon the unsightly blemish in their midst.

"Sister." Raphael said, to Uriel. "Art thou not going to remove that stain from our sight?"

Uriel's eyes flicked around the group. She met Gabriel's gaze, Michael's gaze, Uzziel's, and finally, Raphael's. She slowly took three steps backward and stood before Barbatos's unmoving body, as if to protect him.

When Uriel did not reply, Raphael clicked his tongue. "It seemeth thou hath acquired some level of compassion for this foul creature. Sister, time spent with one's oppressor mayest change one's mind, but the fact of the matter is, Barbatos is thy enemy. Make not the mistake of seeing him as a friend. When he awakens, he shalt surely attack thee, like the maddened attack dog he be."

"Thou art wrong." Uriel said quietly, narrowing her eyes. "The demons are not evil. I have come to realize this fact. The true villain here... is the two of thee."

She summoned a spear, then used its tip to lightly point at Uzziel and Raphael.

"This plot, these machinations... they art EVIL! I cannot believe my beloved little sister Uzziel woulds't scheme to unleash such a terrible fate upon this galaxy. This is an atrocity beyond compare! And worst of all, the architect of this plan is none other than thee, Raphael! Thou hath fallen far in my eyes!"

Raphael's brows creased, ever so slightly. He glowered at Uriel, clearly displeased, but not entirely surprised regarding her heel-turn. He suspected this might happen.

"Sister. Thou art making a mistake most grievous." Raphael said slowly. "Long have I known thee. Thy love for thy family is beyond reproach. I shall not judge thee for a moment of weakness. Kill that demon and we shalt continue The Work, forgetting this unsightly moment ever came to pass."

Uriel's right hand clutched a spear of light. Her left hand was empty, but a moment later, she conjured a ball of light magic. She aimed it at Barbatos's body without looking, then narrowed her eyes into a deadly glare.

"Thou art a serpent most evil, Raphael. I have spoken. My mind shan't change."

She sent a beam of energy into Barbatos's body, a body she had grown accustomed to healing countless times over the eons. With her power having risen to the level of a High Cosmic, her healing powers were thousands of times greater than before. Not even Belial could compared!

Raphael closed his eyes and sighed.

"So, 'tis come to this, as I feared it mayeth."

He opened his eyes.

"Everyone. Uriel is lost. The demons hath swallowed her mind long ago."

"_Kill her._"