Part 553: Counter-Attack!

Phoebe Hiro takes a few seconds to compose herself, and to allow the crowd to fall silent before she finally begins to speak.

"Everyone, thank you for coming here today, and for tuning in on countless screens and audio-casts across all of Tarus II and other portions of human-controlled space. I'd like to also offer a thanks to our demon allies, who Neil deliberately snubbed in his opening statements. I do not think that was a good way to begin this debate, but I'm also sure everyone understands Neil's general attitude toward demons by this point."

Phoebe doesn't hold back at all. Immediately, she calls out her opponent, making Neil frown, as he didn't expect her to speak quite so directly.

She continues, deliberately keeping her back to him, not bothering to look his way for a reaction.

"I have always tried to be a friend to everybody." Phoebe says slowly. "I don't know if I am a good person, and I would not want to be so presumptuous as to say I definitely am, but I certainly try to comport myself in a way that I think makes me one. There was a time, not that long ago, when I knew the names of every human, monster, and demon living on Tarus II. With the ballooning population over the last six years, that time has long passed, but if I could continue to remember everyone's names and know their life stories, I would love to have done so forever."

She lowers her eyes for a moment.

"...I would be lying if I told you all that I am a saint. I am not. In my eyes, a saint is someone who lives a wholly moral and just life, to the extent that their heart holds no hatred or anger within. Sadly, that is not the case for me. I am a human, as flawed as any other human watching this broadcast."

With a quiet sigh, she raises her eyes, a deep look of sadness contained within her pupils.

"Neil has said many things in his opening speech. He has appealed to our emotions, and our animal brains. He has made it clear that humanity will continue to suffer as a result of the actions of demons. I would be lying if I told you I disagreed with his statements. Like all the humans on Tarus II, I have suffered immeasurably as a result of the wicked actions caused by demons over the last six years."

"I have lost friends, and I have lost family. No loss stings more, burns more, than the death of my daughter, Daisy."

Phoebe pauses for a split second to swallow heavily. She looks away to compose herself before returning her gaze forward and steeling her eyes.

"It was easier to be everyone's friend six years ago. I had not personally suffered any terrible losses to the demons. I had not endured sleepless nights wracked with grief and guilt. But I have now, and as such, I cannot lie and tell you everything Neil said was wrong, or that you shouldn't believe him. Neil is emotional, and he is acting from a place of deep pain and anger, but can you blame him? Can I? I don't think so."

Phoebe clasps her hands together and rests them on the podium.

"The question we have to ask ourselves is... in spite of the agony we've suffered, and in spite of the pain that no doubt wracks many of our hearts, are we willing to make sacrifices large and small for the sake of a better future? As a famous ancient human once said, 'an eye for an eye only leaves the world blind,' words which have recently begun to spring up more and more in my mind."

"It is easy to give in to our baser instincts. God knows I am not immune to these desires. Beelzebub personally made me suffer the greatest loss of my life, yet I had to bite my tongue and remain silent as my husband pardoned him. I did not say anything, not because I feared Jason's wrath, or because I feared reprisal, but because I knew it was just as difficult for Jason to let Beelzebub walk free as it was for me to remain silent. We all sometimes have to make choices that hurt, and that day was no different for me."

...

Somewhere on Tarus II, in a secluded house with only one person inside, Beelzebub watches the broadcast, his eyes occasionally lowering as he falls into thought. He thinks about the Wordsmith's undeserved forgiveness, as well as the guilt he has felt over the Wordsmith's actions, and wonders to himself why Jason decided to do such a thing.

"He's a better man than me." Beelzebub mutters softly.

...

"As time has continued to plod along," Phoebe continues, "I have questioned over and over the wisdom of how we do things. Was pardoning Beelzebub and the other traitors to humanity the correct thing to do? Was it morally just? Does it make humanity look weaker to our enemies? Does it make us seem easy to push around?"

"But that made me think of another question," Phoebe adds. "_What sort of people do we want to be?_"

She deliberately pauses, sweeping her gaze around the stadium to look at the seemingly infinite specks of heads and torsos seated in the crowd, too distant for her to pick out anyone unless she squints to focus her eyes.

"There are many Sentients in the Milky Way." Phoebe continues. "All of them have their own ways of doing things. The Fairies are a species that cannot survive without cross-breeding with other species, so they must occasionally enter the Labyrinth or travel to other worlds to keep their population stable. This makes them place a high emphasis on diplomacy and maintaining familial ties."

"But then you have the Orcs, battle-hungry monsters who love to kill and be killed. Despite this, they are not stupid, nor are they primitive. They engage in ritualistic and sometimes barbaric acts of violence, but they also value honor among warriors. Who are we to say that their ways are better or worse than the fairies?"

"Look then, at the demons. They were made to be slaves to the angels. They rebelled through the power of an ancient dragon named Leviathan, and they rose up to battle and ultimately defeat their opponents. They lived lives of narrowly escaping death, being hunted by their angelic pursuers, and having to also stave off the power of humanity, all over the duration of 10,000 years. When the Energy Wars concluded, the demons became the ultimate victors over Earth, and they established the second-mightiest Empire across the Milky Way."

"As a result," Phoebe explains, "demon society became... somewhat rigid. They first learned to feast on human souls because we were their enemy and they needed to survive. Then when the Energy Wars concluded, the demons had grown so used to feasting on human souls that they must have concluded 'this is the way things are.' But does that mean this is the way things _must be_? I am not so certain."

Phoebe shakes her head.

"I know many of you are questioning the way my husband has chosen to lead humanity. There have been many terrible incidents, especially in the last half year, which have devastated our people. I would be lying if I said I disagreed with everything Neil has said, but I have not agreed with Jason on every matter either. My husband has been foolishly idealistic at times, and painfully naive as well. Because of his failure to prepare Tarus II for an inevitable demon attack, Stormbringer played out in a manner most terrible for our species. We lost millions of friends, lovers, and children, and we will never see them again."

Phoebe tilts up her chin and takes a deep breath.

"But just because we have suffered, does that mean we must direct our pain toward those who have not harmed us?! I wish to be a friend to all people, all creatures, and all species. I wish to someday see an end to the violence that wracks our universe. I am an idealist, and perhaps even more of one than Jason himself! I know that my desire will seem simple to some, but a system of mutual cooperation means a better future to raise my next child in!"

"Don't you see? If we lash out at every single demon we see, we will only perpetuate a cycle of violence! We will be just as bad as those who caused us harm!"

Phoebe's words finally change the atmosphere of the Great Debate. Many previously angry people begin to look down at the ground as they ponder her words.

_What sort of species does humanity wish to be?_

A barbaric, bloodlusting species like the Orcs?

A diplomatic species that gets along with everyone else, like the Fairies?

Or perhaps something else...

"We do not have to forgive the demons for the atrocities they have committed." Phoebe says evenly. "Indeed, I have not forgiven Beelzebub. Perhaps I never will. But we can pardon their actions. We can empathize with them. We can understand that the vast majority of demons were born into a system that turned them into the killers that people like Neil perceive them to be."

"Earlier, Neil implied that my good friend Samantha was in many ways just as bad as Beelzebub and the others like him. But that is not true at all. Did you know? Until Stormbringer, Samantha had never killed another creature in her entire life! You may falsely believe that she obtained the power of an Emperor in the same way as her peers, but she did not. The ancient dragon Leviathan granted her the power she possesses today! Until the day of Stormbringer, Samantha had never killed another soul, but when she did kill, she killed other demons! Because they attacked us! Because they dared to cause harm to her friends, the humans!"

"Samantha is an example of the good that demons can accomplish!" Phoebe exclaims passionately. "Not just her, but demons like Leeroy, who joined us as a mere Imp and quickly rose to prominence through the Belial Booster. He is a Duke now, and one who has not earned a single iota of power through harming humanity."

Phoebe straightens her posture. She looks at the crowd with an authoritative gaze.

"We can fight the demons. We can war with them endlessly. We can kill them, and they can kill us. Today, tomorrow, and forever. We can let out our anger and rage, our hatred and vitriol. We can punish them for 100,000 years of crimes against humanity. Perhaps we should."

"But what sort of people do we want to be?"

"I don't know about all of you, but I want to live in a future where demons like Leeroy and Samantha comprise the majority of their kind. I want to live in a galaxy where all life forms can cooperate with one another to achieve greater and greater feats."

"Unfortunately, we cannot attain such a world if we are not willing to let go of the ancient grievances. We cannot educate the demons and show them a better way if we perpetuate this endless cycle of violence. I cannot raise my son in a peaceful manner if we continue to treat all demons as a monolith, stepping on those who have chosen to become our allies by treating them the same as the ancient fiends who killed and tortured our forefathers."

"I do not want humanity to split up, because I want all of us to live together and work toward a better future. We cannot do that if we are split ideologically inside our hearts."

Phoebe reaches her concluding argument, deliberately turning to look at Neil for the first time since she began speaking.

"My opponent speaks of how we should go to war with the demons, but how can he issue such a demand when he has not lost a tenth of what the rest of us have? Neil's hatred toward the demons is misplaced. It was the Monster Queen Bahamut who took him from his family, all those years ago, not the demons. When Stormbringer arrived, Neil had no family he needed to worry about losing, but Jason and I did. Even though we lost our daughter, we _still_ put our morality and convictions on the line. We may have paid a terrible price, but we will continue to walk towards a future of peace and tolerance."

She turns back to the crowd.

"A wise ancient Hero once said that if someone should slap us across the right cheek, we should turn and allow him to slap the left as well. Not because we are weak, but because an eye for an eye only leaves the world blind. I don't know about all of you, but I do not want to live in a world full of blind intolerance and hatred."

Phoebe concludes her final argument, then flippantly gestures behind herself.

"I now turn the podium back to Neil for his first rebuttal."

Neil watches from behind her, his face expressionless as he glances at the monitors above the stadium, which now flicker between random people in the audience, their previously hostile expressions having turned from rage to confusion.

Many people look unnerved, uncertain whether they should continue to feel hatred toward the demons after listening to Phoebe's speech. For many of them, the pain they have experienced must undoubtedly be far lower than the Wordsmith's Wife, but she still chose to be a bigger person and pardon the demons for their crimes rather than hold grudges in perpetuity.

Even for the people who lost children and close family members like Phoebe did, how many of them could claim to have known the names of every human on the planet? How many could say they had a level of compassion for the dead that even came close to rivaling Phoebe's?

Many people slowly begin to feel a sense of shame.

Their shame comes from the inability to understand the complex social structures demons were born into, and how resisting those social pressures would require a monumental effort.

The demons did indeed commit atrocities, but they were raised from birth to do so. Even more astoundingly, a surprising number came forward and joined the humans of their own volition. How could the humans, even if they still hate the other demons, not forgive the ones who chose to be their allies?

Should humans act heartlessly?

Should humans consider becoming a species focused on compassion and forgiveness?

Neil Adams remains expressionless as Phoebe finishes her final words. When she turns the discussion back to him, he does not appear conflicted in the slightest, preventing anyone from gleaning a hint of mercy from his facial expressions.

However, in truth, even he feels moved by Phoebe's words. He cannot help but privately admit to himself that what she said holds real merit.

Neil lost his entire family to Bahamut. It was not the demons who took him from those he loved.

Compared to Phoebe's suffering, Neil's pain is, in some ways, lesser. Phoebe was also taken by Bahamut from her homeland of Camelot. She lost just as much as Neil did.

She also has more to lose if the demons turn on humanity. If traitors should rise up, Phoebe risks losing her husband, her future child, and even more close friends and family.

By contrast, Neil has opted to live away from his fellow humans, never allowing himself to become too attached to anyone else, lest he lose them too.

For a brief moment, Neil directs a meaningful look at the woman sitting beside him.

Linda looks back at Neil with misty eyes. Her beautiful blue dress makes her appear like an angel in his eyes, a goddess moved to tears by the words of another woman. It becomes apparent to the man that she, too, was touched by Phoebe's speech.

Neil gently caresses her hand and offers a faint but unmistakably warm smile.

Then, he stands up and approaches the podium, turning to Phoebe to give her a light nod of approval.

She might be his debate opponent, but her points were emotionally stirring yet held effective logic. She acknowledged Neil's complaints about the demons and even validated them, yet offered a strong opposition to his specific proposal.

_Beating Phoebe will not be easy,_ Neil thinks to himself.

"My opponent has offered an effective counter-argument." Neil says, deciding to ease off at the start of his counter-rebuttal. "Humanity does indeed stand at a crossroads. I cannot in good faith deny the appeal of Miss Hiro's words. Who are we, as humans? What morality should we espouse in the coming eras? Should we act with hearts full of vengeance, or should we forgive our blood-enemies and try to turn them over to a new leaf?"

The audience nods along to Neil's words, finding themselves interested in his sudden pivot in stance. Why would Neil be talking about forgiveness when he has always been the hardest of hardliners when it came to treating demons viciously?

"As I sat and listened to Miss Hiro speak, I could not help but empathize with her pain." Neil says slowly, deliberately enunciating each word. "But as I listened, I realized something important. I am standing here before you asking you to act harshly toward the demons. I am telling you that no matter what, we cannot trust them. But who am I to speak on this matter?"

He pauses, then presses a hand against his chest, as if indignant at his own hubris.

"What have I lost in the last six years? What blood have I shed? The losses I have suffered, as Miss Hiro pointed out, were to the creature known as Bahamut. But Bahamut was not a demon. She was the reigning Monster Queen of her era, prior to the great King Kar's triumph. If it was Bahamut who caused me so much pain, then why should I hold such contempt toward the demons?"

Some of the human soldiers watching the broadcast frown.

This was not what they were expecting.

Why would Neil suddenly soften his position toward the demons?

Why would he turn the focus on humanity's strongest allies, the monsters?

Could he be planning to cut them off as well? To focus on humanity alone while leaving behind all non-humans?

Neil opens and closes his eyes slowly, as if blinking away the vicissitudes of time.

"I haven't put much on the line, as commander of humanity's military. The men and women I've lost have, at times, felt like little more than numbers on paper to me. I dare not claim to be like Miss Hiro, who at one point knew the names of every human on Tarus II. I have not developed the strongest of relationships with the individuals I represent."

"But that does _not_ mean this war is not personal to me."

Neil's eyes flare up, seemingly igniting the sparks of a flame within his soul.

"There are two types of leaders in this world. There is the type who gets in the trenches with his men and women, who suffers and bleeds alongside them and learns their names and weeps when every single one of them is hurt, suffers, or even dies."

"But there is another type of leader, one who instead maintains a distance from his soldiers. One who commands from above, focusing on the broader outlook of the war. Throughout history, there have been far more impersonal leaders than personal ones. It is rare for a man to choose to wade in the mud of the trenches and look his soldiers in the eye as they die."

Neil thumps his chest.

"Mister and Miss Hiro are the former, while I am the latter. No doubt, many of you are beginning to question the logic of my pointing this out. Does it not hurt me to admit that I view my soldiers as tools to achieve a goal? Does it not offend your sensibilities to know I do not value you as individuals in the same way Miss Hiro does?"

The audience blinks. Neil's strange words cause countless people to scrunch up their faces, baffled by this absurd turn of logic.

Neil decidedly places himself in an inferior position to Phoebe Hiro, making it seem as if only she can truly care for the lives of her fellow humans.

By contrast, Neil suddenly seems soulless, almost ghoulish!

More than a few high-ranking personnel, even Magnus Chadwick himself, gaze at Neil with strange looks, as if seeing him for the first time.

But the Commander continues.

"If you think me being an impersonal leader who focuses on the greater war is a bad thing... YOU ARE MISTAKEN!"

Neil shouts the last few words, startling a few people while waking up any who may have started to drift off mentally.

"Do you know what the greatest flaw is in a loving leader?" Neil asks rhetorically, flicking his eyes around the audience as if he were searching for a prey animal. "They easily become trapped by their feelings toward their subordinates! As the words of the angels once taught us, _spare the rod, spoil the child_. Miss Hiro and her husband care about all of you on a personal level, but this also means they are much too attached to you individually. They care more about preserving their sense of morality along with your feelings than they do about saving actual lives!"

Phoebe frowns as she looks at Neil's back. The way he carefully manipulates people's feelings makes her feel nauseous. She simply cannot believe the depths to which he'll stoop.

"Miss Hiro wants to live in a universe without strife and war. Well guess what? **SO DO I!** But we don't live in that universe, do we? And no matter how much you press your palms together and pray to the heavens, it will never manifest into reality, either!"

Neil crosses his arms and puffs out his chest.

"For that reason, on a purely logical basis, I must reject this idea of forging a future of peace. Even if we managed to unify the entirety of the Milky Way, which I must repeat will _never happen_, we would still have other galaxies filled with fearsome monstrosities hellbent on our extermination. Many of you are not aware, but I've recently become enlightened to certain Truths of late, and those Truths tell me that the amount of war humanity will endure in the coming eons can only be described in one word: ENDLESS!"

Neil slams his fist on the podium for emphasis.

"After the Plague will come the demons, and then the Volgrim, and then only the Divines know what else! So forget about chasing after a fleeting useless concept such as 'peace.' It will never happen. NEVER! Rather than delude ourselves with visions of humans and demons and monsters and Volgrim and even the godforsaken Plague dancing around a campfire singing gay little songs, we should face reality and admit the truth to ourselves! Only if we do that can humanity survive the coming crises!"

"When sacrifices need to be made, you can bet that the Hiro family will falter, but I shall not! It may bring you comfort believing that they care for you more than I do, but sometimes one must act decisively when facing a foe far mightier than themselves. Asymmetrical warfare is a deadly game, and trying to preserve every individual life will only cause more heartbreak in the long run. Just look at how Jason Hiro has built the so-called Fortress of Retribution. He has always focused on comfort for the masses over security and life-preserving defenses. During times of peace, this is commendable, but we do not live in such an era! Stormbringer should have taught us all about the costs of comfort."

Neil clears his throat. He pauses for a good few seconds, slowing down the tempo of his words as he deliberately takes a few moments to look out at the audience.

"Miss Hiro is absolutely right about one thing, though. She has lost more than I have to the demons. I have risked less than her, and lost less than her. But that will change today."

"Humanity needs to multiply, become fruitful, and rebuild Terra anew. I cannot continue to lead my people without serving as a good example. As such, I must make an important announcement..."

Neil shifts his body, turns to the side, and gestures behind himself.

"Corporal Hurent and I have been courting one another for a while now, and we have decided to start a family together! In this way, we shall show our fellow humans what it means to build a family amidst tragedy! We shall lead humanity side-by-side as man and wife, walking towards a glorious future!"

The crowd erupts in cheers as Neil proudly gestures to the woman in the blue dress!

But at the same time, a visible look of shock flashes across Linda's face. She blinks her eyes twice, then shakily stands up, lurching toward Neil on autopilot as the stadium grows louder and louder every second.

Neil looks at her with a loving smile, but Linda's heart pounds so erratically she cannot believe her ears.

He didn't discuss this with her at all!

Not only that, but Neil's words seem to imply that the two of them have been dating for months, possibly even years. In truth, they've only casually gone out with one another over the last few weeks.

This pacing is much too fast!

Now, when faced with the eyes of practically every human on Tarus II, Linda can only force out a smile as she walks over to Neil's side and gives him a long, meaningful stare.

With the crowd drowning him out, Neil leans over to kiss her cheek, then whispers, "Sorry, I felt it was prudent to do this now. Strike while the iron is hot, and all that. I hope I didn't put you in too awkward a position...?"

Linda shudders when she hears Neil's words. She nods along dumbly. "I, ah... it's fine. We'll talk about it later. I... I understand."

"Good!" Neil says while pulling away and taking her hand in his.

He returns to facing the microphone while the crowd continues to cheer.

"Humanity must stand firm against the demons in all the ways that matter. We must love one another, reproduce, and create stable families so as to raise our numbers! We must keep up our guard so they cannot surprise us. We must suspect their intentions even when they seem benign!"

Neil wraps one hand around Linda's waist while she continues to smile, but inside, she feels more than a little hurt by this obvious political ploy. Not just her, but even Phoebe notices Linda's hesitance, making her think Neil may not have properly proposed in the first place.

Unfortunately, among the common masses, none had any idea the two were dating. To them, Neil dating Linda for two weeks is just as likely as having dated for two years.

...

The troopers inside the Horned Maître look at one another in surprise as Neil wraps up his rebuttal speech.

"That was weird." One of the men says.

"Yeah it was. I had no idea the Commander was interested in women." A female troopers says. "I knew he lost his wife and children when Bahamut converted him to her soldier, so I assumed the heartbreak would never have allowed him to move on..."

"Too bad you didn't find out sooner." The man from before jokes. "Maybe you could have beaten Corporal Hurent to the punch!"

"Don't make jokes like that. I'm just glad the Commander has found someone to share the load with him. It was starting to feel weird that only the First Wordsmith had a wife, but now Commander Neil can settle down and have a family again. That's good for all of us, since I don't want to be led by a man who has nothing to lose."

"Fair point." A Kobold trooper seated at the table adds. "In my clan, we have entire litters of spawn. You humans are weird, having only one or two babies at a time. It's no wonder your population grows so slowly."

"Doesn't help that so many humans are futzing about with demon whores." The male trooper mutters. "Commander Neil has the right idea. I'll be interested to see if Miss Hiro has a single counter left. I bet she doesn't."

"Going against the Commander is always a losing prospect. I just hope she doesn't cry or anything." The female trooper says. "I don't want to see Miss Hiro sad again."

"Nobody does." The male trooper concludes.

...

One of Neil's arms wraps around Linda's waist, and the other one waves to the crowd as he finishes speaking to the masses. He balls his hand into a fist, then issues one final declaration.

"What I do, I do for humanity!"

"For humanity!" The crowd roars back.

Neil and Linda return to their seats, and Phoebe stands up, heading back to the podium.

As she waits for the crowd to quiet back down, a pit forms in her stomach. Neil's words have time and time again successfully turned the tide of the debate. His snake-like way of turning people against the demons draws from their basest instincts.

Phoebe isn't sure if she'll succeed in turning people around on the issue in the end...

At the same time, unbeknownst to the Wordsmith's wife, an obese demoness makes her way into the VIP booth, having been approved by security to do so. Rosalia quickly sneaks over to Belial's side and frantically taps her shoulder.

"Miss Samantha. Miss Samantha!!" She hisses, making Belial frown as she turns to see Rosalia hunched over beside her. "There's an emergency. We need you at the hospital!"

"An emergency?" Belial asks softly, raising an eyebrow. "Can't Leeroy handle it?"

"I couldn't find him." Rosalia explains. "Doctor Fathy is off-world right now, visiting family in the Labyrinth. You're all we have left."

"So what's the emergency?" Belial asks.

"I don't know exactly. It's Kiari! She's really sick. She came into the hospital and puked everywhere! I'm really scared for her life! Demons don't get sick, and her husband seems to think she may have been poisoned!"

"Poisoned?!" Belial exclaims softly. "Then..."

She glances at Phoebe's back, not wanting to leave, but compared to being there for Phoebe's big moment, making sure nothing happens to Kiari is definitely a more pressing matter.

"Dammit. Alright, I'm coming. Let's hurry there and back as fast as we can." Belial says, still keeping her voice low.

The two women quickly depart the platform, while Neil and the others watch as they leave.

"I wonder what those two are up to." General Chadwick says to himself.