Part 761: Heroic Rebirth

_Far-Future Era. Day 21, AJR. Hall of Heroes._

Blake navigated his way through the Hall of Heroes with the ease of a young man who had lived in this small and compact dimension his entire life. The Hall of Heroes was not particularly large, perhaps the size of a luxurious mansion on ancient Earth. This might sound sizable to a layperson, but it was actually smaller than even Chrona, its compact form helpful in stabilizing its time dilation at exactly 100 times the speed of realspace.

Unlike Chrona, the Hall of Heroes was stable and was not increasing or decreasing its dilation speeds as time went on, meaning its people were not facing a crisis they needed to solve. As such, they could focus on developing weapons and tools for humanity, as well as consulting on war plans regarding what to do in realspace.

For Blake, he was not so much thinking in a macro-humanity focus on this fine day, but instead, he was dwelling on the scope of his abilities and unlocking his full potential.

Blake ultimately had two powers. He could manipulate light, and he could manipulate darkness. He could form them into shapes, even primitive constructs, but those fell apart if he stopped concentrating. Thus, after consulting with his mentor, King Arthur, Blake realized that there was something extremely important he needed to do.

_His brain needed an upgrade._

Blake wasn't an idiot, but he fell far short of his older sister, even comparing her to when she was his age. Mandy was obsessive, possibly autistic, and definitely a loner who hyper-fixated on specific interests. Comparatively, Blake was a much simpler-minded guy who had a broad range of interests, was relatively charismatic, and was only interested in furthering his powers due to the pressures of the outside world increasing on his back over time.

Humanity was not in a good place. Its Wordsmiths were gone, and now their children had to step up and become the Heroes of the next generation.

It was a tough gig, but Blake felt he had to try and do something, anything, _everything_ in his power to improve himself. Only in this way could he lessen the burden his sister and brother were feeling.

Blake made his way toward Solomon's Library. This was a compact room Solomon had made while his soul was still alive, a place where he had written and compiled all of his knowledge into different books throughout the library.

Sadly, Solomon wasn't able to finish his work. A third of the library's shelves were empty, and many of the books he had written were only half completed.

Blake had wandered into the library a few years ago, back when he was 15. He asked Solomon at the time what was the point of writing down all the books when his Crown contained all of Solomon's knowledge anyway.

Solomon had smiled at Blake. "The knowledge in my crown consists of septillions of individual memories, young man. It is vast and unfiltered. Those who are talented may tap into my crown, as Phoebe Hiro once did, and use their abilities to sift through the information to obtain unique insights. But these memories come from countless people and are nearly impossible for a layman to meaningfully parse."

Solomon continued. "One might be capable of learning a trade by reading through a volume of encyclopedias, but the task is formidable, difficult, and far less informative than if the relevant knowledge were to be distilled down into the most important information. At the same time, self-learning is much less effective than a structured learning environment, preferably facilitated by an adept teacher."

"Thus," Solomon concluded, "my library is intended to be a distillation of important knowledge using my own unique insights, gathered over thousands of years. Rather than learning from raw unfiltered knowledge, I have organized the books here according to various disciplines, shifted the information inside to start with the easiest fundamentals, and tailored the concepts to grow much more difficult in scope as the books progress. In the end, if one is able to pluck a book off my shelves and learn a new skill within a week or two, my efforts will not have gone unrewarded."

This was the crux of Solomon's late-life work. Blake had flipped through the books on many occasions, but never had he been able to fully grasp a discipline with the ease his sister had mastered Runecrafting, or Elizabeth Kindelmann had become a renowned blacksmith.

On this day, Blake walked into the library and perused the shelves as he had many times in the past. The room was empty, even a little eerie. The shelves were made of wood, but they also had all sorts of tacky gold and jewels encrusted onto their edges in ornate patterns to 'spruce them up' as Solomon would say. Chandeliers hung from the ceiling, embedded with multi-colored stones that glowed and gave off light of all different hues. The final color tone of the room ended up being a weirdly dark blue mixed with gold, so it always felt offputting to Blake, as well as everyone else.

Blake walked over to the fourth row of shelves. Several books jumped out at him.

APPRENTICE TO MASTER BLACKSMITHING: VOLS I-III

PAINTING AND YOU: DEPTHS OF IMAGINATION

THE OPERATIC ARTS: PROJECTING YOUR VOICE

THE OPERATIC ARTS: A PRESENCE TO AWE NATIONS

ANCIENT EARTH MARTIAL ARTS: FENCING

ANCIENT EARTH MARTIAL ARTS: TAIJUTSU

SHIPBUILDING: NAVAL CONSTRUCTION ACROSS HISTORY

GOLD AND JEWELS: HOW WEALTH AFFECTS GENIUS

ANCIENT EARTH MARTIAL ARTS: TAE-KWON-DO

APPRENTICE TO MASTER CARPENTRY: VOLS I-VI

EXOBEAST TAMING (WORK IN PROGRESS)

ANCIENT EARTH MARTIAL ARTS: KARATE

One book after another was lined up on the shelf, not alphabetically or according to any particular arrangement. It wasn't as if Solomon had carefully organized the collection; he was planning on doing that only later, once the collection was finished. Thus, the books on learning trades were scattered all over the place alongside books about history, warfare, even hobbyist books such as the ones focused on painting and acting.

Blake ultimately reached for a book on painting. He felt that, as of lately, his imagination was the most lacking. He wasn't using his powers flexibly, and as a result, he was wasting his potential. Maybe a book focused on the arts would help?

He walked toward the center of the room. There, he saw Solomon's Crown levitating above a pedestal, three shafts of light pointed downward at it. Since Solomon's death, nobody had worn his crown. They felt it would be disrespectful, and aside from when Mandy checked to see if Solomon's soul was still inside of it, possibly reviveable, there had been an unspoken agreement not to disturb his well-deserved rest.

Blake stared at the Crown for a good while. He held the book in his hands and thought deeply about whether or not he should do what he was about to do.

After a few minutes, Blake sighed. "It's what Solomon would want."

Solomon was not a man who cared a lot about status, etiquette, or other social constructs. He was in many ways a utilitarian. Even though he had passed, Blake felt Solomon would want the next generation to use his crown to continue furthering humanity's growth. Locking it in a vault to preserve his prestige or honor his memory would likely be seen by the Knowledge-Seeker as a waste of the capabilities his crown offered.

And so, after a short few minutes of struggle, Blake gave in to temptation. He reached for the Crown and carefully took it off the altar. He placed in on his head and took a long breath.

Blake had worn the Crown a few times in his life. He knew he didn't have the affinity for it his sister did, or especially the affinity of his aunt Phoebe, when she was alive. The Crown was still universally useful to anyone, as it accelerated their thinking speed and cognition, but for those lacking in talent, it would only serve as a simple modifier to their base intelligence.

Blake sat down in a cushy golden throne Solomon had devised for himself and chuckled. Solomon was always so gaudy it made Blake cringe, but that didn't mean he took his comfort lightly.

Like this, Blake started to flip through the book on painting. With the assistance of Solomon's Crown, his reading speed drastically increased, and he found his brain was less mushy, but more pliable than usual. He started understanding the book much better than he could without the Crown, and as such, his enjoyment of the subject improved.

"Hmm... so Imagination isn't just a fun little way of day-dreaming, but it has real applications, especially in terms of magic. Interesting." Blake muttered. "Imagination equals mental visualization. Oh! Isn't this exactly what I've been lacking? I don't have a Mind Realm, but anyone can develop their Mind's Eye with enough practice and focus."

"Mmm, so drawing on three dimensional images in the Mind's Eye can allow one to better conceptualize the world around them as high order concepts. I think Mandy mentioned something about this with her runes, but I didn't understand it at the time so I couldn't add anything to what she was saying. What a shame!"

Blake spent a full hour reading the book. He didn't actually need that much time, but he read it cover-to-cover twice to make sure he understood most of the concepts. Unfortunately, he wasn't a painter, so a lot of the book's focus on color theory and artistic conception went over his head, but Blake found himself somewhat enlightened by even the shallow realizations he'd made.

After that, Blake put the book back. He wandered around the library, using the Crown to search for other books that would be useful to him.

"A book on 'video games'. I think dad mentioned those before. He said he used to play them on Earth. Looks like there's some good stuff in here about mental focus. I'll give it a read."

Blake picked up the book, then sat down. He soon became even more engrossed in the descriptions of games such as 'Pacman' and 'Mario' and all sorts of other games, with the book focusing on the historical progression of games, along with genres, mechanics, and how players could have a lot of fun playing with virtual characters in a fictional world.

"It's a lot like the Queenie." Blake said to himself. "My brother and sister both get to act like different people when they're in the Queenie. It's sort of like play-acting a role of someone else. It's a fun way to pass the time. But according to Solomon, there's more to this role-playing than meets the eye."

Blake read through the book three times. Solomon's highly detailed illustrations and artwork were beautiful and engrossing, to the point Blake wished he could play these old video games to see what they were really like.

"So playing a role isn't just about having fun, for one with a discerning mind, they can change their entire mental state to act like someone else. It's really useful for the art of deception and spycraft. But it can also be used for diplomacy, intimidation, and other actions."

Blake thought more on the subject. After a while, he became inspired.

Blake stood up, then activated his shadow-powers. He began cloaking himself in darkness, wrapping it around his body to form a sort of 'shadow armor' like he'd seen in some of those old video games. He walked over to a full-body mirror and frowned. He thought it would look cooler than it actually did. The armor looked... lumpy. He had no real conceptualization of all the intricate details regarding how armor was shaped, so it looked too squarish and blocky. The 'badass helmet' he had envisioned had weird and disjointed spikes sticking up. They weren't arranged well, and looked like a little kid had put them together.

Still, Blake tried to get himself in the right head-space. He lowered his voice and tried to sound tough, gravelly, intimidating.

"Heh! Kid, you think you can bEAt me- _cough_! Shit! Why did my voice crack?! That was awful."

Blake's face turned crimson. He looked around, but luckily, nobody had heard him. As such, he returned his attention to the mirror.

"Heh, kid, you think you can beat me? I'm like, way more power level than you. Uh, I'm so strong, my darkness could block out the sky- the sun! Block out the sun. Blot out the sun, rather. Should it be _block_ or _blot_? Uhh..."

Realizing his play-acting wasn't coming naturally, Blake decided to just drop the act. Instead, he started focusing on the armor again, using the mirror to try and shape it more clearly. But soon, he became frustrated by his lack of knowledge on the subject of armor.

"Damn. I don't have imagination, and my knowledge is lacking too. Maybe Solomon wrote a few books on armor?"

Blake dispelled his shadow-armor. He didn't do so intentionally, but maintaining it took intense concentration, and the moment he stopped focusing, it broke apart all on its own. That realization made him feel frustrated, but he also recognized he couldn't do anything about it at the moment.

Blake walked around the library again. He found a few books on metallurgy. They weren't exactly what he was looking for. He tapped into the Crown and found countless ancient memories of armies wearing armor of different sorts, but those thoughts didn't convey the knowledge of how the armor was forged.

"Metallurgy it is." Blake grunted.

He sat down in Solomon's throne again, then leaned back and crossed his legs as he began to read.

There was a lot of overlap with metallurgy compared to the books on blacksmithing, but metallurgy was about more than just making weapons, armor, and tools. Blacksmithing was a craft for creating equipment, while metallurgy was a science, focused on the chemical, physical, and atomic nature of the alloys themselves.

Blacksmiths focused on solid state metals, heating them until malleable, but rarely fully melting them or turning them into liquid. Metallurgy was all about examining metals and elements across the various states of matter, from liquid to solid and everything in between.

Both fields had a lot of focus on the changes in metal when under intense heat, but their goals were different. Blake found these differences to be quite interesting, even if the deep science went over his head somewhat. Alas, he was not a genius like his sister or aunt.

In the end, Solomon's observations concluded that metallurgy was based on the work of ancient blacksmiths, but both had their own uses, and it was essential that any aspiring craftsman mastered one and at least dabbled in the other.

The young man pondered Solomon's words for a while. He stood up and walked over to the mirror again, then tried summoning his armor. The result wasn't a lot better than before, but it was a _little_ better. Blake started mentally reshaping the armor bit by bit, filing off the edges to make it a little more angular. It was still blocky, almost robotic, but compared with his first attempt, it wasn't too bad.

"I'll never be able to impress Psymin Miralax if this is the best I can do. Looks like I'll need to start practicing every day. I also need to find a way to manifest my powers permanently. Maybe I should talk to Arthur about that. His powers seem similar to mine."

Arthur wielded the power of light. Unlike Blake, he did not control any aspects of darkness, but his magical reserves, particularly when wielding Excalibur, were infinitely vaster than the fledgling dual-type Hero's, by a colossal gulf.

This made Arthur a specialist and Blake more of a generalist. Blake wondered how Arthur's mana reserves had become so formidable. Was he simply born with them?

Blake continued to read books for ten long hours.

His eyes started to droop. He yawned repeatedly, but he was still mentally fired up. He felt he had so much to learn, but too little time to learn it. Only if he became more diligent could he grow stronger, faster.

It was around this time when Blake was beginning to nod off that the hair on his body started to tingle. Blake jolted awake and looked around the room. He felt a chill descend upon him, a feeling of being watched.

His skin prickled with goosebumps. Blake carefully set the book down, then stood up from the throne and swept his gaze around the library.

"H...hello?" Blake asked softly. "Is someone there?"

Blake was not alone. He could feel it. He could _tell_. His senses were screaming at him that a presence had entered the room, but he couldn't tell from which direction, or where it was lurking.

Blake carefully took a step toward the eastern door, but he thought he saw something hazy near that doorway, so he quickly backed away. Even in the brightly lit room, Blake felt as though he was seeing shadows that definitely should _not_ be moving.

"Who's there?!" Blake shouted. "Show yourself!"

Blake quickly ignited the power of his light magic. He covered himself from head to toe in it, looking with gritted teeth at the hazy shadows that seemed to be slowly coalescing into... _something_. He realized with a start that the sensation he was feeling was eerily similar to one he had felt earlier in the day, after he spoke with Arthur.

Blake's light magic formed an aura of repelling around himself. He didn't know if a shade or a shadow-walker had somehow sneaked inside the Hall of Heroes, but the aura of the unknown entity was growing more corporeal. He could practically taste the mana in the air crackling on his tongue.

Blake conjured a sword of light. He narrowed his eyes and took a defensive stance, readying himself to lunge forward as soon as he could get a visual lock on _whatever_ the thing in front of him was. His heart pounded in his chest. His stomach churned with indescribable emotions of fear and anger mixed with doubt and apprehension.

It didn't take long. The figure became more visible. It assumed the form of a shadowy bipedal creature, faceless, featureless, standing ominously just beside the doorway. It seemed to be looking at Blake, but it had no eyes...

"What the fuck. What the fuck." Blake muttered under his breath. He had thought he was slowly becoming a formidable person, but now, faced with some abomination from the shadow realm, Blake found himself rooted to the floor in fear. His fight or flight reflex had instead caused him to freeze. He was shaking so badly even his teeth started to chatter.

Several seconds passed. The creature took a shaky step forward, as if it were learning to walk. Its movements were wobbly and unsteady. It looked as if Blake could run at the thing and push it over, causing it to comically topple to the floor. But Blake feared this was a ruse.

After a moment's hesitation, Blake acted on instinct. He fired a bolt of darkness at the creature, a mere probing attack to test it out.

The energy bolt whiffed through the creature and struck the wall behind it with a loud _POP_! The lack of impact left Blake shocked. It was a ghostly life-form, intangible?

Blake sent another bolt of energy flying, this time of the light attribute. It, too, sailed through the creature's body without nudging it in the slightest. The creature took another shaky, unsteady step.

"What are you?!" Blake finally screamed. "What the FUCK are you?!"

His voice was loud enough that someone passing outside heard him shout. Barely five seconds later, Elizabeth Kindelmann arrived at the doorway behind the creature. She quickly looked into the library, alarmed. Then her eyes snapped onto the shadowy intruder and she let out a cry of surprise.

Before long, the entire Hall of Heroes had been alerted, and Levi showed up, along with Mandy. Twenty other Heroes joined them, including all the top figures in the Hall, taking up positions behind Blake. They directed curious and hostile gazes toward the monster, which had taken another couple shaky steps.

"It's a spiritual lifeform." Mandy quickly assessed. She examined the creature's runic makeup, assessing it with senses beyond her eyes. "It's not a ghost, or a shade, or a shadow-walker. It's more like..."

She trailed off. The others looked at her.

"More like what?" Blake asked. "More like what, sis?!"

At that moment, the creature suddenly tripped and fell, making everyone raise their weapons and direct looks of apprehension its way. But then, like an insect molting from its cocoon, the black and shadowy color began to break apart and dissipate.

Pale white skin slowly took over. A familiar figure became visible, laying on the ground, unmoving.

Looks of fear were instead replaced with a variety of emotions. Shock, horror, dismay, exultation, even delight. The most common emotion, though, was confusion.

Blake took a step forward. He lifted a shaking hand, as if trying to touch the figure that was now laying face-down on the floor, despite twenty feet separating the two of them. His pupils trembled erratically as a range of emotions washed through his body.

"D... _dad?_"