Part 118: War Is Coming

I awaken inside a new host's body and immediately wince at my dozens of sore, cramped muscles, electricity running through my fingertips, and fire seemingly burning on the surface of my skin.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck..." My host says. "Don't... don't move it so fast... dammit..."

The person speaking is Diablo. His weak, pained voice escapes my lips as he grunts and moans under his breath.

We tilt our head to the left to gaze at Lucifer. The triple-eyed demoness sits beside me on my bed and slowly lifts and lowers my left arm, over and over.

Lucifer snaps at me. "Stop crying like an imp. Suck it up, buttercup. If we don't get your muscles moving, you might never walk again."

She bends my arm toward my chest, and a bolt of lightning shoots into my heart. "Ahh! Shit! You're hurting me on purpose, Lucy!"

Lucifer scowls at me. She twists my arm slightly, sending more agony coursing through my spine. "Don't call me _Lucy._"

"Fuuuck! Seven devils!" Diablo tries to raise his right arm to swat her away, but the slight motion only hurts us further. He grinds his teeth together and whimpers. "Lucy... Lucy, baby, please... it hurts..."

A flicker of doubt flashes across Lucifer's face. She rolls all three of her eyes and sets my arm on my stomach. "Fine. I can't stand all the racket you make."

Someone chuckles to my right. "Hehe. Lucifer's got a soft spot for you, boss."

I turn to look at Bael as he sits up in his bed. He holds one rock in each hand and slowly hefts them up and down to exercise his muscles. They look somewhat heavy, at least ten pounds each, but not so much that they're stressing his body.

"I most certainly do _not_," Lucifer says, as an edge of coldness creeps into her voice. "Nobody else wants to help Diablo recover, so I offered. That's all there is to it."

"Suuure," Bael says with a grin. His body, while still skinny and weak, appears more intimidating than it should, largely in part due to his confidence and charisma. While Diablo lays in bed infirm, Bael exercises on his own without any assistance.

Lucifer seems to notice this fact at the same time I do. "Did Michael torture you less, Bael? I'm surprised to see you moving, considering the Holy Energy still in your body."

Bael snorts. "Pff. Nah, he hurt us both about the same. _Sadistic piece of shit._ After a while, his magic stopped hurting me. Deebs wasn't so lucky."

I shift my head, weakly attempting to nod. "Y-yeah... Bael's made of tougher stuff than me. I... I still see Master's face, sometimes. His horrible... glowing eyes..."

"Don't call that Archangel _master_," Lucifer hisses, biting off the last word. "We are demons. We are our own masters. You're free of him, and don't you forget it."

Diablo closes his eyes. As the world fades to black, images of Michael's unsmiling, sociopathic gaze appear in Diablo's mind. The demon winces as Michael's ghost slowly drags a knife across his chest, splitting open his skin. We open our eyes and flinch as the unpleasant images fade away.

"I... I can't help it, Lucy. I see his face all the time — every second of every day. I'm helpless in this bed... what if he comes to get me? I don't want to go back. I don't want Mast-... _Michael_ to hurt me again."

Both of the other demons fall silent. Bael continues grunting while he lifts his rocks, and Lucifer turns away.

"I doubt that will happen," Lucifer mutters. She appears uncertain, likely because she, too, is wrestling with memories of how easily Michael bested her.

The sounds of demons in the hall outside the healing chambers fills the emptiness in the air. While the three of us sit and ponder recent events, someone cackles beyond the doorway. A shrill voice rings out, annoying and nasally. I recognize it immediately as Barbatos's voice.

"Nyehehe! Me 'n Smealum did it! We did, I swears! There was this BIG cave bear, right? We ganged up on 'im and took that sumbitch down! We cut off its legs and ate its soul! It was freakin' awesome! You should've been there, bro!"

"As always, your propensity to ramble and exaggerate does little more than cause others to doubt you," Smealum says. Artorias steps into our room, and Barbatos trips through the door behind him, rubbing his head. Smealum, the black-skinned demon with a weirdly unique appearance, rubs his fist. It seems he must have lightly punched Barbatos's head at some point. "I hate listening to liars. In the future, each time you utter an untruth, I'll strike you again."

Barbatos spins on his heel to face his taller demon comrade. "Nyeh! I'm not lying! What are you on about?!"

"There was no cave bear, tiny one," Smealum says with disgust. The obsidian-skinned demon rolls his eyes at Barbatos. "It was a squirrel. You spent fifteen minutes trying to kill it. I wasn't involved in the slightest."

Barbatos smirks. "It was a BIG mean squirrel, though! Huge! It bit me all over the place!" He holds up his arm to reveal several small wounds. "See?"

Artorias sighs and rests his hand on his younger brother's shoulder. "Yes, yes. You beat the big bad squirrel. Let's not be impolite; we came here to see the wounded."

The annoying young demon wants to protest, but he gives up when his big brother shoots a glare at him. "S-sure..."

I cough to clear my throat. "Hah-hum. Artorias... how are you doing?"

"I'm well, thank you," Artorias responds. The muscular demon scrutinizes my frail, withered body with a look of pity. "Have you regained any of your former strength yet?"

"No. I haven't. Bael's doing okay. He'll probably be up and walking around... eventually..."

Bael grunts. "M'legs ain't there yet, but they will be soon."

"That's good to hear," Artorias says. He maintains a neutral expression for a few moments, then sighs. "Haah. There's no easy way to say this, guys. I've come to deliver some bad news."

Diablo frowns. "What kind?"

Artorias rubs his arms. "Valac says he isn't interested in giving you or Bael a worm. I'm sorry... he says you're too weak, and there's too much Holy Energy trapped in your bodies. His worm won't work on you."

Bael scoffs. "What?! Too weak?! Why, that boney little runt! When my legs start working again, I'll hop off this bed and crush the little bastard into bonemeal!"

Artorias shakes his head. "I would advise against that. Valac took on an Archangel and several Valkyries and won. You wouldn't stand a chance. Frankly, nobody would."

The witch-doctor demon sniffles, jiggling the bones pierced through his nostrils. "By the way, Lucifer, Valac has ordered all the able-bodied males to prep for a forest sweep. I have to go, so I'm hoping you can hold down the halls while I'm gone."

Lucifer narrows her third eye. "A forest sweep? What is that?"

"Valac wants us to sweep across the forest, killing anything in our path. His worms give us the ability to take the souls of those we kill. He thinks that if we start killing small animals, we can work our way up to fighting Titans."

Lucifer balks. "I should go. I'm not going to sit back and play den-mother while the men go out and have all the fun!"

Artorias shuffles his feet. His expression sours as he lowers his animalistic eyes to gaze at the ground. Before he can reply, Smealum speaks up. "Ah, about that. Lucifer, you're the only demoness Valac gave a worm. He rejected all of the other women."

Lucifer pales. "Only me? You're joking."

Artorias shakes his head. "I'm afraid not. Valac seems to believe the women are... how to put it..."

"Are what?!" Lucifer asks. She jumps to her feet and tosses her arms in the air. "That worthless bag of bones! Just say it! He thinks we're weak!"

Artorias shrugs. "For what it's worth, I don't think that at all. You and Nerissa took out Uriel and Uzziel, as well as that Titaness. Agares and I have tried arguing with Valac, but, well, he's too stubborn. It's not like we can force him to give the women worms."

Lucifer balls her hands into fists. "That son of a- gahh! I can't believe him! If he thinks women are so pathetic, then did he give me one only to humiliate me? Is that what this is about?!"

Barbatos chuckles. "Nyeh, is the little lady getting all mad? Afraid you won't be able to stand up to us big, bad men? Oooh! Pahaha-"

Artorias backhands his little brother, sending the twerp falling to the ground. "Quiet. Do not test my patience."

"Indeed," Smealum adds. "It's amusing hearing such big words coming from you. Lucifer is more than capable of reducing you to a pile of ash, should she choose to do so. I would keep my mouth shut if I were in your position."

Barbatos jumps to his feet. The scraggly little demon scowls at his brother and Smealum, then spins on his heel and storms out of the room. "Screw you guys! I'll make you regret looking down on me! I'm gonna go kill ten cave bears right this instant!!"

After he leaves, Lucifer exhales. She sweeps a finger across her bangs, pulling hair out of her face. "I don't know what Valac's game is, but I don't like it. If he won't give us his stupid worms equally, then I'll do something about it myself. I still have the power Leviathan gave me, after all."

Lucifer plops down on my bed. Her anger slowly subsides to mere annoyance. She glances at me. "Valac thinks you're too undeserving of his precious worm. Well? Do you have anything to say about that, Diablo?"

Diablo blinks slowly. "I don't know. I don't want to be infirm forever. I thought Valac's power would allow me to walk again. What am I supposed to do without it?"

Lucifer slinks her tongue out and wets her juicy red lips. "Screw Valac. We don't need him. He's a false prophet. His little parasite is probably part of some nefarious scheme to kill us all. I don't trust the bastard for a single second. Satan was naive and idiotic, but at least he had demonkind's best interests at heart. Valac has no redeeming qualities."

Artorias frowns. "Now, wait just a minute. I would not go that far. Valac isn't trying to kill us, but to bolster our fighting capacity. It is clear he has many methods for dealing with Angels and Titans. Perhaps he has some instinct for power, which we do not."

"Or maybe he's feeding you cave bear droppings," Lucifer counters. "I gave him information for years about the angels, Titans, and ourselves. My reward was a public humiliation. Valac is a snake. Only a fool would believe anything he has to say."

"A fool, perhaps," Smealum counters. "Or someone who gazes at the future with hope in their eyes. I'm not fond of Valac's proclivity toward violence, but given I am in the minority among our people, I can at least understand why they look up to him."

Lucifer crosses her arms, sandwiching them between her upper and lower breasts. "Tch. That's what I just said, but with extra words. They're fools for believing in him, end of story."

Smealum turns away, shrugging in response. "One man's fool is another man's hidden guru."

The longer he speaks, the more I begin to recognize various aspects of Smealum's physiology. The obsidian-skinned demon appears to be a member of a rare demon breed, one which Phoebe once called an Animus. Known for their fearsome power fresh from a Broodmother's womb, every Animus is born with higher intelligence and base power than other demons, but they also tend to cap their strength much sooner, making them relatively competent mid-tier warriors, but poor Duke and Emperor material.

I've also noticed that Smealum speaks very eloquently. Something about his vernacular seems familiar, almost as if I've heard it somewhere. I might have encountered him at some point. Tough to say, given how many demons and monsters I've met.

"Anyway. Sorry for bothering you, but now you know," Artorias says. "We have to go. I'm positive that sweeping the forest will be the epitome of tedium."

Smealum rests a hand on his hip. "I'm not going. I don't enjoy killing."

"What? Why?" Artorias asks. He turns his head to raise an eyebrow at Smealum. "Everyone must join this expedition. No exceptions. You heard Valac."

"Valac might be the leader of demonkind, but so was Satan. He ordered me to kill on several occasions, and I refused. I don't agree with the path of bloodshed."

"Right, right. You've said that before, but I wouldn't go against Valac's orders if I were you. He seems somewhat... unhinged."

Smealum doesn't budge. "I don't care what Valac says. I'm not the only demon with similar opinions. We might be a tiny minority, but my friends and I believe agitating the angels will cause a great tragedy. We should cut our losses, burrow underground, and avoid them."

Lucifer snorts. "A pacifist, are you? You sound like Belial."

"She, I, and a few others call ourselves anti-war, yes," Smealum says. "I don't agree with violence in any form. There are better ways to settle disputes."

I shake my head in disbelief. "You're... you're naive, Smealum. I've seen how cruel the angels can be. We can't trust them. They want to kill and torture us. Do you want to see everyone captured and put under Mas- Michael's control?"

"Of course not," Smealum mutters. "I never said I wanted that. I think the entire Heaven debacle was a mess, one which hurt us more than it helped. Then Satan had the bright idea to deceive the angels... now they'll be out for blood. We've only escalated the fight further."

Lucifer jumps to her feet again. "What are you saying?! Satan wanted to rescue Diablo and Bael! Do you think they deserved to suffer just so we could appease the angels?"

"Quite the contrary," Smealum replies, keeping his tone measured. "I'm glad we saved Diablo and Bael, but their lives came at the cost of several thousand others. If Satan cared about saving lives, perhaps he should have tried negotiating for their release as he said he would. You've heard Grigori's story of what happened, I'm sure. Satan had their rescue in the bag, but he instead decided to act out his petty revenge. Now he and thousands of other demons have fallen, while Valac took over the position of being our leader. I fail to see how negotiating for Diablo and Bael's release was a worse choice than what Satan did."

"What a dumbass," Bael says with a snort. He sets one of his rocks beside himself to point at Smealum. "You're a doofy little wimp. Satan knew rescuing me was worth sacrificing a few thousand losers. Everyone who died to an angel did so 'cuz they were weak and pathetic."

Smealum raises an eyebrow. "Didn't you get captured? If you're such a mighty warrior, then how did that happen?"

Bael falters. "W-well, I, ah... I got surrounded. I had to fight off thousands of angels by myself! They, uh, hit me with a surprise attack! Yeah!"

"Of course," Smealum sighs. He flicks his gaze to Artorias. "In any case, count me out of this 'forest sweep.' I'm going to meditate in a meadow somewhere far from the rest of you. I'll come back once you've all slaughtered and killed tens of thousands of helpless animals."

"Cave bears and wolves are hardly helpless," Lucifer hisses. "You're just a coward, too afraid to get your hands dirty. What do your Animus brothers think of your passivity?"

"I stand alone in my objections," Smealum admits. He turns to walk out of the room, only to pause at the doorway. "Even so, I don't avoid confrontation out of cowardice. I do so rationally by examining all of the options on the table. I wish people would listen to me more carefully, even if only to save lives. Oh well. I can't change everyone's mind."

As Smealum leaves the room, the last thing he says is, "I wish I could change _anyone's_ mind."

His footsteps grow distant until they merge with the dull noise of the other imps and demons outside, all walking up and down the corridors, preparing to leave.

Lucifer rolls all three of her eyes and hisses. "Kss. I can't stand demons like him. Unwilling to fight, and it's always because of some personal quandary. If we don't resist the angels, we die. It's as simple as that."

Artorias shrugs. "I see where Smealum is coming from, but in the end, I don't agree with his opinions. Anyway, I'm not going to risk my neck for someone who wouldn't do the same for me. I'll return later after Valac says we've finished. Farewell."

I grunt out a goodbye, while Lucifer and Bael wave at Artorias. After he leaves, only the three of us remain.

Lucifer, still standing, rubs her hands together in circles. "After all my hard work, Valac cast me aside without a second thought. I don't have words to describe how much I want to tear him apart."

Bael grunts. "Hnf. Are you really gonna use the dragon's power?"

"Yes, I am. I created the Broodmothers. Perhaps I can use my abilities again, but this time to augment our forces. Valac thinks his worms are all we need to increase our fighting potential, but I disagree."

While Lucifer fumes for several seconds, Diablo sighs. "Do you think Leviathan's power could... could heal me? Is there anything it could do to help?"

The demoness nods. "Perhaps. Your magical pathways are twisted and distorted, along with your inner aura. Michael's holy magic did a number on your nerves... so I'll need to look into it further. For now, I'll help you move your arms and legs where possible. That alone might restore some movement."

Lucifer closes her third eye and itches the sides of it.

"Or it might not."

I nod weakly. "Thanks, Lucy. I'm glad you're here for me. Nobody else cares, but you do. That means a lot."

Lucifer opens her mouth to say something, but stops midway. She turns her back to me and sighs.

"I don't care about you at all."

A smile spreads across Diablo's face.

"Of course you don't."

To my right, Bael groans. "Ugh, you two are so cute... I think I'm gonna barf."

"Shut up, Bael. Idiot," Lucifer snaps. She marches out of the healing chamber, leaving me alone with the lunkhead.

"What a gal," Bael mutters after she leaves. "Four tits, three eyes, and no heart. I don't know what you see in her."

"Lucy rescued us," I shoot back. "She has plenty of heart. You simply can't look past her appearance."

"Sure I can," Bael quips. "I just worry she'll try'n take a bite out of your arm one of these days. Don't let that broad get hungry."

"I'll smack you if you keep talking about my girl like that."

"She ain't your girl till you've spanked her with your tiny little sausage!" Bael laughs. "Pahaha! She'll take off your pants 'n flee for the hills! You're doomed, pal!"

Diablo ignores Bael's guffawing and stares at the room's exit, his eyes seemingly following Lucifer's after-image.

"We can joke around all we want... but Michael hurt my girl. I can't forgive him. He cut her up and left her lying in the dirt. I hate him, but I'm scared, too. He's going to come for us. We have to get stronger so he can't hurt any of us ever again. _I_ have to get stronger. I can't stay in this bed forever."

Bael stops laughing. He clears his throat with a grunt. "Huh. Yeah. I owe that bastard for what he did to me. I'm gonna kick his ass next time I see him. I'll do whatever it takes to win. When I'm through with that ugly chicken, there won't be enough left of him to fertilize a garden."

"Here, here," Diablo replies.

Despite his tough words, a shiver goes down Diablo's spine.

_Can I defeat Master? Is such an act even possible?_