Part 737: The Great Era

_Far-Future Era. Day 21, AJR. The world of Sharmur._

A tense atmosphere had descended upon humanity, especially the sixty percent of whom were currently located on the world of Sharmur. After Beelzebub's detonation, losses to the demons, the destruction of Tarus II, Kolvaxians, and other mass-casualty events, humanity had only about three million people left. And today was a moment that would drastically change their species' future trajectory.

That was because Camael's Cube had arrived inside the Sharmur System!

At long last, it had completed its journey. This was good news, because the reason the Cube had come here was to swallow all the worlds inside the system, as well as Sharmur's star, then place them inside the Cube for safekeeping. The Cube wasn't merely a massive secret dimension capable of traversing the cosmos in secret; it was also isolated from realspace, and virtually guaranteed whatever method the Kolvaxians used to arrive on planets would not work once a world had been moved into the Cube.

Even so, there was a risk.

What if there was secretly a single Kolvaxian, or even multiple of them, hiding beneath the surface of a planet? What if they deliberately concealed themselves? Could Uzziel use those hidden Kolvaxians to triangulate the Cube's inter-dimensional position and come up with a way to get inside?

Nobody knew. Not Melody, not the Phoenix herself, and certainly not the humans.

It was a big risk taking Sharmur into the Cube. The Phoenix was 100% certain that no Kolvaxians were presently inside the Cube, since all the worlds inside the Cube were fake worlds manufactured by the Wordsmith. However, these worlds were extremely flawed. While they could last indefinitely, the amount of raw matter present on the inner worlds was microscopic compared to a single planet the size of Earth, or the size of Sharmur.

To use a simple comparison, If Earth was a size scale of 1.0, and its moon, Luna, was a size 0.27 on that same scale, then each of these micro-worlds Jason had made for training human troopers were only 0.0002. They were truly tiny! Counted all together, they were probably the size of a country like the USA on Earth, but that was only when considering the available flatlands. They had thin 'crusts' and atmospheres that only went a fraction of the distance into the sky compared to ancient Earth.

Thus, if the Phoenix did not bring in external worlds like Sharmur, then the arable and livable land inside the Cube would reach its max carrying capacity far too quickly.

Even worse, these micro-worlds were somewhat isolated from one another. Humans could travel between the worlds using the Phoenix's power, but her magic was limited in quantity, and transportation was not cheap on energy expenditure. It would be far better to use a great deal of energy to bring in multiple external worlds, then use those worlds to breed humans en-masse in order to harness their Faith Energy to refuel the Cube.

The Phoenix's wings were metaphorically tied. If she did not bring in worlds, the humans would quickly run out of living space, and she would run out of energy. If she brought in new worlds, this problem would be solved, but she would have to risk a potential Kolvaxian catastrophe.

Ultimately, the Phoenix came to a decision. She decided she would swallow the Sharmur system, not only to gain the resources she needed, but to hopefully add a Middle Cosmic powerhouse to her Cube as well. Then, she would do the same for the Pixiv system.

But after that, she would not risk placing any further worlds inside the Cube.

It wasn't that she lacked room for these worlds. Far from it! Camael's Cube possessed tens of lightyears worth of internal space. Counting all the residents and micro-worlds inside the Cube, she was using up far less than 1% of the available space, and once she moved in the Sharmur worlds and the Pixiv worlds... she would _still_ be using far less than 1% of the available space!

The Phoenix knew she was taking a huge risk by transporting entire star systems inside the Cube. She was 99% sure she could pull it off one time without repercussions. However, the second time, which she planned to use on Pixiv, was a lot more dangerous. This was because the disappearance of an entire star system would definitely cause a noticeable spike in Cosmic energy throughout the galaxy. Even if there were no Kolvaxians in the Sharmur system, she might cause Raphael and Uzziel to take notice of her actions.

If that happened, the two of them might realize what the Phoenix's next destination was. They could quickly hide Kolvaxians somewhere inside the Pixiv system, be it on Pixiv itself, or one of the other system worlds, and when the Phoenix swallowed that system, she would inadvertently poison the Cube's inner ecosystem.

But she was helpless regarding this matter. The Phoenix could choose to only bring Sharmur inside, which would be the safest option, but the fairy homeworld had a lot of humans too, and more importantly, the fairies possessed Formation Magic. This was extremely potent, and the Phoenix even knew a few ancient secrets about the fairies. She knew that allying with them would bring enormous future benefits to her pet humans, so long as they had time to develop.

All these considerations rumbled within the Phoenix's mind. Her wizened, aged eyes looked out from the Cube and passed through the Interdimensional Veil to peer into Realspace, where she locked gazes with her future ally.

[Demon Deity Melody.] The Phoenix said. [This ancient one is gladdened to make your acquaintance. I pray we can become good friends in the coming era.]

Melody was not on Sharmur at the moment, but had flown out into the Void. She sensed the approach of a powerful life form, but she could not pinpoint the Cube's location, only its faint emanations of energy.

[Sorry, Phoenix.] Melody apologized. [I'm a bit of a crude girl. Not as well-spoken as you. Are you going to move the system inside the Cube, one star at a time?]

The Phoenix sighed. [Such would be ideal, but it is not a good idea. Since your life force is tethered to these worlds, transporting one at a time could damage you internally, and perhaps even kill you. Instead, I shall spread out my Divine Sense throughout the whole system. Then, I will take all the worlds in at the same time, as well as yourself.]

[Need any help?] Melody asked.

The Phoenix thought for a moment. [This venerable's energy is limited. Swallowing this system will cause what reserves I still possess to plummet. If you could assist me in the transference process, I would be greatly appreciative.]

Melody frowned. [Not that I'm not willing, but... my Cosmic power's all tied up in Sharmur's star. If I use my power a shitload, won't it weaken the star?]

The Phoenix smiled. [Sharmur's star currently has 1.73 billion years left in its lifespan. If you were to fully fuel the transfer of the system yourself it would drop down to... 1.729 billion years.]

Melody blinked. [Oh. That ain't much of a dip.]

[No. It is not.] The Phoenix confirmed. [Stellar Orbs contain an incredible amount of current and future energy potential. More than many Apex Cosmics...]

After talking for a bit, the two Cosmics got to work. The Phoenix didn't dawdle any longer, as time was of the essence. She first investigated every planet in the system with her Divine Sense. Unlike Melody, who had barely been a Cosmic for a year, the Phoenix was hundreds of millions of years old, maybe even a billion or two. She was extremely learned in the ways of Cosmics, thus despite only having returned to power recently, she was just as sharp as during the ancient times.

Her powerful senses bored into each world, one by one by one. She used the heat of her eyes, the light of creation, to search for anomalous entities and life forms hiding away in each planet's crust and core.

After searching for a full hour, she found no Kolvaxians across any of the planets. Certainly, she found some odd life forms, alien fauna, most likely, but it seemed Diablo had done an excellent job when he took Sharmur back. He had completely wiped out the system's Kolvaxian infestations.

[You know,] Melody mentioned, [Diablo once told me the entire point of anchoring my presence to these stars was to create a 'spatial wall' that would prevent Kolvaxians from teleporting into the planet cores. If they even tried, I would know. At least, that's what he told me.]

The Phoenix nodded, though Melody could not see the motion. [This ancient one can sense your life force within each planet's core. This is truly an astounding innovation. For those who truly seek Cosmic Ascension, this method of uplifting oneself is quite crude and ill-advised. It is always better to Ascend through one's own comprehension, rather than through external means, such as by anchoring oneself to celestial bodies.]

She paused.

[However, this ancestor can sense a certain level of genius in the method Diablo used. It is a purely utilitarian method of ascension, one that sacrifices the individual's future for the good of a collective. There are dense Cosmic markings dotted throughout each world's interior, as well as inside the star. I fully believe that you would know if the Kolvaxians were attempting to breach a world's core.]

Melody's expression turned a bit glum. [Too bad we won't have this benefit once we move on to Pixiv. They don't have Cosmics guarding their planet cores.]

[It is somewhat unfortunate.] The Phoenix readily agreed. [But in my view, the fairies will not be so easily deceived. You know little of the fairies' true nature, but this venerable is well aware of certain Truths from the ancient times. The fairies fought a war so shocking, vicious, and brutal that it would make our current conflict seem like child's play. They lost their home galaxy to the Dark Ones, a fate we may someday face if misfortune continues to build within humanity's destiny. They may appear to you as dainty and beautiful princesses, but their eldest ones are battle-hardened warriors adept at tactical thinking on a strategic layer.]

The Phoenix continued. [All of this is to say that this noble one would be shocked beyond belief if the fairies did not erect powerful formations capable of detecting Kolvaxian intrusions on their homeworld, and likely even the other worlds in their system. This is one capability in which the fairies far exceed other Sentients.]

After outlining her thought process, the Phoenix synchronized her work with Melody's efforts. The two of them began to resonate, and Melody was surprised to see that the Phoenix was able to draw upon Melody's innate Cosmic power.

[How is this possible?] Melody asked.

[This Cosmic is one who has long mastered the peaceful power of fire and flames. Your energy comes directly from a stellar flame. Thus, this flametouched entity can effectively channel your energy. If you were to resist me, my efforts would end in smoke, but so long as you are willing, I can temporarily harness your power as if it were mine.]

Melody nodded. The Phoenix's explanation made perfect sense, given that Melody's Cosmic status came as a result of her connection to multiple white-hot planet cores, and a star at the center of the system.

Minutes passed. The Phoenix conjured a massive amount of power as her Divine Sense swept across Sharmur System.

For a brief moment, Melody's body began to heat up. She felt as if she were about to burst into flames!

Inside the Cube, the Phoenix inflated in size as she transferred power from Sharmur's star into Melody, then through Melody into the Phoenix herself. Her aura rose and her eyes burst with divine rays of light.

Not long after...

The Sharmur system teleported into the Cube!

In a single instant, every planet in the system disappeared, seemingly vanishing from existence, along with all the life forms on those worlds.

Not just them, but Melody as well.

In Melody's eyes, the stars in the galaxy abruptly disappeared, replaced instead with infinitely distant golden walls tens of lightyears away, walls which spanned the entirety of the Void in all directions. Melody's eyes went wide as she realized she was no longer in Realspace, but had now appeared inside the Cube.

She was still alive. She hadn't died!

The transference was a success!

Melody's mood soared. She gritted her teeth and cheered, her voice silently shouting into the vacuum of the Cube's internal void.

She was alive, she could sense the Sharmur worlds, and now she could also sense the other pocket worlds, as well as the distant Phoenix!

The Phoenix rapidly accelerated, flapping her wings to fly toward Melody. Within just a few minutes, she drew close enough for Melody to spot her with her eyes, even though Melody's Cosmic Sense had detected the Phoenix well before she moved.

The Phoenix's body rapidly deflated in size. Before, she had risen to a height greater than any skyscraper on ancient Earth, but now she was 'only' a few hundred feet tall. This was her resting height when her body was not affected by the mana flowing within her. Compared to the 6.5 foot Melody, the Phoenix seemed grand and impressive, while her junior Demon Deity looked like a tiny ant at her feet.

[Phoenix... you did it. Great job!] Melody praised.

[This noble one could not have accomplished such a feat without your assistance. Do not sell yourself short, child.] The Phoenix gently chided. [With this, humanity's future is assured, at least in the short term. But if we want them to truly thrive, we must immediately make haste. I have already begun accelerating the Cube toward Pixiv. We should arrive there within one and a half of Sharmur's rotations.]

[I hope Raphael won't be able to react in time to our movements.] Melody said, a hint of worry in her voice.

[As do I.] The Phoenix added.

What neither one of them knew was that, at that very moment, something had just occurred which would drag Raphael's attention far away from humanity and the Cube...

..........................................

_On the world of Sharmur._

The humans waited, their hearts palpitating with fear. They didn't know what would happen to them, but they feared the teleportation of an entire star system would cause mass mayhem and death if things went poorly.

What if the transfer process killed Melody and her death caused the planets to implode? Nobody knew exactly what would happen, and thus their imaginations ran wild.

But then, seemingly out of nowhere, the sky changed form.

The stars vanished, and a brilliant golden color shone down on Sharmur, only a bit less bright than Sharmur's star itself! The abrupt change caught everyone off guard. Many people nearly jumped out of their skin with fright, but eventually news was passed down the grapevine from humanity's leaders.

The transfer was complete. Sharmur was now located within the Cube!

A celebration followed. People started laughing and cheering, hugging their friends and family, clapping one another on the back, and making self-aware jokes regarding their demise which never came.

It was as if the collective consciousness of humanity had sighed in relief!

At this point, 60% of the humans in the Milky Way lived on Sharmur, while 39% lived on Pixiv and the remaining 1% were scattered around at various locations.

The human leaders had considered either transporting all the humans to Sharmur or to Pixiv temporarily, but they ultimately settled on transferring a small portion on people to Pixiv in an attempt to balance out the populations for a while. There were a lot of considerations behind this decision.

First, what if the transference killed Melody? If all the humans were on Sharmur and Melody's death ended up bringing ruin to the system, then humanity would go extinct in one fell swoop! This was obviously a terrible outcome. Putting everyone on Pixiv would prevent disaster from happening.

But secondly, what if nothing happened and Melody was fine after the transference? Now all those humans would be stuck on Pixiv, potentially unable to enter the Cube until it arrived 1.5 days later. According to Hans Wagner, humanity's current number one technological innovator after the death of Phoebe Hiro, the Warpgate on Sharmur would no longer work properly once the planet was inside the Cube. These gates were not designed to work inside pocket dimensions.

Perhaps in time humanity might be able to overcome these technical limitations, but if Hans was correct, then all the Phoenix would have accomplished was shoving empty worlds inside the Cube. That would defeat the entire point!

And finally, all the humans would then be stuck on Pixiv, waiting for the Cube to arrive. What if the Kolvaxians chose that exact moment to make a move? Then humanity would be completely lost again! It would be another disastrous outcome.

Therefore, the final decision was to split humanity between both worlds. If the transference went well, more than half of humanity's future would be safe even if the Kolvaxians immediately attacked Pixiv. If the transference went poorly, a little less than half of humanity would ultimately survive... but their future would be grim at best.

In the end, everything went well. General Chadwick and Linda Adams both heaved huge sighs of relief. Linda was on Sharmur, but Chadwick was back on Pixiv. He learned the outcome only a little after she did, but it did not dampen his enthusiasm.

"We've succeeded." Linda said to the senior officers inside Melodia's Military Command, located in the eastern part of the city. "The Cube is now enroute to Pixiv. Everyone, please pass on my orders to stand down from Yellow Alert. The city may return to normal operations."

The room erupted into cheers. Linda smiled as one person after another cheered humanity's survival. Some even wept. For too long, it had felt as if a Sword of Damocles had hung above humanity's head, threatening to fall from the heavens and bisect their species' future in half. But now, that threat had mostly evaporated.

Linda didn't join in on the celebrations. She was relieved, of course, but it had been a long time since her smile was genuine.

The death of Neil had dealt a permanent blow to her heart. She always felt as if a part of her was missing. All the joys of the world had become muted. The color of gray pervaded her sight.

Though this depression had infected her soul, it was slightly countered by a hope deep within her heart. Since the Kolvaxians were not a mindless hive, but were actually a creation of Archangel Uzziel, was it possible that someday humanity could counter the creatures and return them to their original forms?

Could Neil... still be saved?

Linda shuddered. She wanted this to be the case more than anything else in the world. She wanted to accidentally stumble upon Neil the Kolvaxian, subdue him, then transform him back into his original self.

But how likely was this to happen?

She felt the chances were astronomically low. It seemed impossible to ever save Neil.

Only the tiny spark of hope for his rescue someday kept her going. That, and her lightly swollen belly. She had to keep on persevering for the sake of their child, at the least.

"Linda." Someone said, shaking her out of her thoughts. Linda turned to see Debra standing beside her. Debra pushed her glasses up her nose.

"Sorry. What did you say?" Linda asked.

Debra cleared her throat. "Now that we know transference of Demon Deity systems is possible, we need to decide whether or not to invite other Deities into the Cube."

Linda didn't say anything for a while. She lowered her eyes and looked at the ground.

"Once we take Pixiv, assuming it's still safe to do so by the time we get there... I'm not sure if I want to invite other Demon Deities into the Cube. I simply cannot bring myself to trust them."

"We could transfer one or two inside." Debra suggested. "One additional Deity, even a Middle Cosmic, would be suppressed by Melody and the Phoenix. Two would be pushing our luck, though. Another option is to target Low and Bottom Cosmic Deities. They are of little threat and would be too weak to put up a fight against Melody, while still offering us strategic defensive value. Every additional Cosmic is another layer of protection."

Linda continued to hesitate. "I just don't know, Debra. At this point, I'd rather take in additional worlds without any demons, even barren rocks, just so humanity has plenty of raw resources to meet our future needs. Humanity has to start building up its own military strength, not relying on the goodwill of our former enemies."

Debra scrunched up her lips. She looked away, staring off into the distance thoughtfully.

"Hm. You might be right. I only worry that-"

Right as she was about to speak, a figure suddenly appeared in the room, causing her to pause mid-sentence.

"Melody." Debra said. "I'm glad to see you weren't hurt."

"Me too!" Melody chirped. "Sorry for popping in. I overheard your conversation. Uh... I guess I should have mentioned this sooner. We're... not going to be taking in any other demon worlds."

Debra and Linda both looked at Melody in surprise.

"We aren't?" Linda asked. "Why not?"

Even though Linda already didn't think it was a good idea, she was still stunned by the finality contained within Melody's tone. It brokered no argument.

"After the transference, I decided to have a chat with Demon Deity Auger." Melody said. She sighed. "Auger told me the demons have come up with a new plan. They aren't interested in joining us inside the Cube anymore."

"What new plan is Auger speaking of?" Debra pressed.

"They're calling it... the Divine Demon Empire." Melody said. "Using Barbatos's power, the Demon Deities are going to haul multiple star systems close to one another, forming a web of tightly packed Super Systems. Over time, they will conglomerate all the Demon Deities into a single star system spanning around ten lightyears in every direction, with hundreds or even thousands of planets. Since the Demon Deities are planet locked, they won't be able to extend their power outward, but by concentrating everyone's strength, they might be able to slowly drag this new Super System across the void! It's a long-term plan, but one that they'll be working on starting immediately."

Linda gasped. "That's... a surprising idea, but not a bad one at all! Demon Deities will be able to form a web of protection, reinforcing one another in the event the Kolvaxians attack."

Debra also looked impressed, but then her expression shifted. "It's a decision born of desperation. While these demonic worlds might end up heavily protected, the demons will be concentrating all their military power into a tiny pocket of the galaxy. They cannot grow any stronger. They will stagnate while the Kolvaxians continue to take over one world after another."

"Furthermore," Debra added, "If something were to happen and the Kolvaxians did infest one of the demon's worlds, the entire Super System would risk falling. Outside of Diablo, nobody else has any ability to actually fight the demons off their worlds."

"No. You're wrong." Linda said. "The Dolgrimites possess this ability. If the demons are going to suffer a loss, they can request backup from the Dolgrimites to drive the Kolvaxians away. The Dolgrimites are like the natural predators of the Kolvaxians. Thus, the risk of a full collapse from one infected world does not seem as high as you think."

Melody massaged her forehead. "Yeah, uh, sorry but all this strategy-stuff's got me tired. Look, we're inside the Cube now, okay? We're good for now. I'm gonna work with the Phoenix to spread out the human population a bit more. We're also going to do something with the time dilation inside the Cube."

Linda looked interested. "What do you mean?"

"I uh... I... don't really know." Melody said, somewhat lamely. "Hey, Phoenix. Phoenix! Can you explain it to these people?"

Melody looked up at the sky as she spoke, also transmitting her voice telepathically outward to draw the Phoenix's attention.

Not long afterward, a spark of light flew down from the sky. It passed right through the solid walls of humanity's military HQ, then appeared before Linda and the others.

[Greetings, Linda of Adams and Debra of Grey. I am the Phoenix.] She said. [This revered one offers her apologies for not coming to you sooner. I have been quite busy settling some matters regarding your star system.]

"No need to apologize, really." Linda said, cupping her hands and bowing her head respectfully. "I'm thankful for all your help, Phoenix. You are humanity's savior."

The Phoenix's tiny sparkle of light was unable to alter its form, but an imprint of the Phoenix's appearance spread into the minds of both humans, surprising them with its authenticity. This illusion burned brightly in their mind's eyes, making them feel as if they were looking at an avatar of the Phoenix directly!

[Let this ancient one explain my plans.] The Phoenix continued. [Humanity needs to develop. Your population is small. You lack manpower. You have an extremely large amount of living space available to you now, but little time to populate it. Thus, I shall use my abilities to increase the speed of the Cube's internal time dilation.]

[First, I must add Pixiv into the Cube's interior. Only once I have done that will I increase the time dilation. This is because moving star systems inside the Cube will become tens or even hundreds of times more mana-intensive once the time dilation has increased. It would be best to devour all the systems we need first, since speeding up and slowing down the time dilation inside an artifact as massive as the Cube will cost me a lot of energy I am currently lacking.]

[Secondly, this ancestor will need to consult with the fairies, because the formations wrapped around humanity's miniature bubble worlds are outside my realm of expertise. We must disentangle them first before I can synchronize all the dilation speeds in the Cube. If I do not do this first... the worlds may explode, killing everyone inside.]

Linda blanched. "Y-yes... let's please avoid killing people with needless rushing, great Phoenix."

[Thirdly,] the Phoenix continued, [once the fairies have joined us, this flametouched one shall begin working with the fairies to establish specialized zones for certain subsets of humanity. I have long been aware of the Wordsmith's plans for the humans, though he perished before he could bring them to fruition.]

"Hm?" Melody grunted. "What plans are you talking about?"

[They are not a secret.] The Phoenix patiently explained. As a powerful ancient Cosmic, she was more than capable of handling a conversation with multiple people using her avatar while attending to other matters far from the planet's voidspace. [You know the Wordsmith cured humanity's Flaw, correct?]

Melody slowly nodded. "Well, yeah. But nothing's really come of it."

[That is because not enough time has passed.] The Phoenix said. [The first aspect of fixing the flaw is a huge boost in human reproduction rates. Do not roll your eyes at this matter. Humanity lacks manpower. Being able to rapidly impregnate not only other humans, but non-humans as well... this shall grant humanity a population growth speed unmatched in the Milky Way's history. With a higher time dilation, entire generations will reach adulthood every year.]

[With more humans, we will begin to see more Heroes rising. Not Lowborn Heroes, but Trueborn ones. Powerful warriors with unique abilities capable of beating back our enemies.]

The Phoenix swept her gaze around the room.

[What this noble one has just explained can be said to be the smallest tip of an iceberg greater than your imagination. What of the 'Power Gloves' Jason Hiro made? What of Jepthath's Legion? What of the advancements being made inside the Hall of Heroes and Chrona?]

The Phoenix's avatar relaxed her speech. [What humans lack is not military power, but time to grow their existing capabilities into maturity. This ancient one fully intends to uplift an army capable of inflicting a grievous blow upon the Archangels. Their plot to consume the galaxy is a vile one indeed.]

"Say... about that..." Melody said slowly. "Weren't you made by Camael? Shouldn't you be on the angels' side?"

The Phoenix's avatar momentarily brightened. A slight sensation of anger transmitted into the minds of everyone present.

[Do not take this ancient one to be a slave of the Archangels! I was made for a purpose, and that purpose is _gone_. The Dark Dragon has escaped my clutches. Dolgris is the enemy of all life within the galaxy, but my former masters have fallen equally far into the depths of depravity. Right now, uplifting the humans will serve to reinvigorate my original purpose, as well as to counteract the evils committed by Uzziel, the Plaguebringer.]

[My master, Camael, is long dead.] The Phoenix concluded, her voice softening. [But even if she returned from beyond the grave, she once told me that I was not her slave. I am free to live my life how I choose.]

Linda was moved. "And you want your life to have a purpose."

[That is right, young one.] The Phoenix concluded. [Who among us does not seek a purpose? The incurious, the foolish, the blind, and the stubborn, perhaps. But those with any sort of intellect or aspirations always have a purpose they seek. Mine is the eradication of the Dark Dragon. But even if I fail, there is still righteousness in assisting the rise of interesting young seeds, such as yourselves.]

The Phoenix seemed to smile in a way only a flaming bird-deity could.

[You humans are so cute. You have your little squabbles and sometimes fight among one another, but where there is hatred, there is love. Humans can unite against external threats quickly and efficiently. This ancient one finds them much more pleasing to her eyes than the hypocritical, self-righteous angels, who constantly made new life only to try and enslave it afterward.]

Melody snorted. "Took the words right out of my mouth."

The four spoke for a while longer. Eventually, the Phoenix departed, leaving the other women to their devices.

"Now that we're about to enter into an era of stability, it's time we settled some matters." Debra said. "The Hell of Lust has been with us for a while, but I think we should finally integrate them properly into human society."

Melody nodded. "I don't have a lot to do now that the transference is complete. Leave it to me."

Humanity's Great Era was finally about to descend...