Part 591: Beelzebub's Imagination

True to his word, Sartran begins attacking the ordinary Kolvaxians with a ferocity unmatched by any of humanity's current champions. His body blurs and flickers as he teleports from spot to spot, flinging ungodly powerful lightning blasts downward, atomizing Kolvaxians one after the other, quickly killing twenty of them in less than a minute.

Beelzebub, meanwhile, struggles to kill one at a time every five to ten seconds. He cannot help but gasp softly as he watches one of the strongest Volgrim in existence obliterating these foes en-masse one after the other.

Henry, likewise, feels a sense of awe and fear. He can kill a Kolvaxian every ten to thirty seconds, depending on how lucky his attacks are when they land. The combination of a flame-imbued Artoria striking multiple vital areas in a single strike ends up divided by his accumulating exhaustion, which in turn slows him down. As the battle has raged for nearly two hours already, Henry has grown to find himself less capable of killing Kolvaxians in a single blow. Often, he needs three to five to finally finish a foe off.

The situation is even worse for his fellow Legionnaires and his girlfriend. Ashley and the Lesser Legionnaires are simply incapable of killing Kolvaxians by themselves. Every dead Kolvaxian comes as a result of their tight teamwork and tens of carefully aimed, full strength blows delivered as quickly as possible. If they attack a Kolvaxian and it manages to dive underground, it will return later, fully healed, wasting all their effort.

The same is true across all of Maiura. While it might seem to the ordinary humans watching from afar that humanity's Champions are capable of 'easily' killing the Enhanced Kolvaxians, the truth is that every one-on-one battle is a matter of life and death.

Every single Kolvaxian has the physical defensiveness of Executor Huron. Their bones are practically as durable as Bael's original body! If they successfully punch or kick a human and send them flying, even one as strong as Henry, they're sure to suffer life-threatening injuries!

The sense of frustration and looming death that was once beginning to take hold of the Southern Defender's minds eases up noticeably. With Sartran showing up to take some of the heat off humanity's forces, they slow down their attacks, pull back a little, and rest their weary arms and legs. Naturally, they continue to fight, but they do so at a noticeably weaker level, allowing their tired arms to swing with less impact than before.

Naturally, Sartran notices this. He shakes his head while firing another explosive bolt of lightning, blasting a Kolvaxian to kingdom come. But he doesn't dislike the humans for this. After all, he was weak once too. All the Executors were. If he were forced to fight at his maximum power for a prolonged period, he would also grow weary and need to rest. This much is natural.

Only Beelzebub continues to fight as ferociously as before. Despite Sartran's appearance immediately and drastically weakening the Southern horde, Beelzebub still fights at his full strength, his body as full of vigor as ever.

Sartran's gaze flickers. He glances appreciatively toward the Demon Emperor, smiling with his eyes.

[Beelzebub.] Sartran says, communicating privately with only the Emperor of Inferno, not the others. [I have heard a bit about you in recent cycles. You are quite an interesting demon.]

"Hmm?" Beelzebub grunts, only flicking his gaze upward for a split-second before returning his attention to the horde. "Stop distracting me, Volgrim!"

[No need to speak out loud.] Sartran says. [The others won't hear our conversation that way, and that would allow us to communicate more efficiently anyway. According to records our Changelings have written, you've not been a Demon Emperor for long. Isn't that right?]

Beelzebub frowns. He fires a beam of concentrated nuclear energy like a laser directly into a Kolvaxian's chest, blasting it apart and killing two more Kolvaxians directly behind it. This attack fatigues him a little, so he jumps into the air and rockets upward, emitting fire from beneath his feet.

[What's it to you?] Beelzebub asks accusingly, shooting an ugly glance Sartran's way.

[Hoho. You young ones are so hot-blooded.] Sartran says, smiling in amusement with his eyes. [Did you know I spoke to your mentor, Agares, on several occasions? He and I played Sticks and Bones in the past... before the Kolvaxians first appeared. That was during the first ten thousand cycles following the Energy Wars of Earth's lore.]

Sartran chuckles. [I can sense your hostility, Beelzebub. But there's no need for that. I'm not like most other Psions, let alone my fellow Executors. I do not look down on 'mud dwellers'. I think the different species are quite cute.]

[Wow. Thanks for the compliment.] Beelzebub says sarcastically. [Are we done yapping now?]

Beelzebub holds his hand up in a claw pose. Five spiraling orbs of nuclear energy build up, then he snaps his claw forward and sends the orbs hurtling downward at the Kolvaxians.

_Boom-boom-boom-boom-boom!_

At once, five powerful concentrated explosions detonate, killing two Kolvaxians and sending eight more flying away, badly injured. The injured ones dive underground to heal their wounds by absorbing the planet's energy.

[Dammit!] Beelzebub growls. [I missed my shots! It's all your fault! You distracted me!]

Sartran casually fires out multiple powerful bolts of lightning. He kills three Kolvaxians that have drawn worryingly close to the human's battle-lines.

[Your demonic ability is the manipulation of fire, it seems. But there is also an element of nuclear energy. Fascinating. It seems you are a born Energy Manipulator. I've met a few demons who could qualify as Energy Manipulators, including Emperor Ose, but they always seemed stuck in their ways, only capable of manipulating one element. You're the first I've met that can manipulate a sub-element.]

[You knew Ose?] Beelzebub asks, feeling his stomach tighten.

He wouldn't want to say it out loud... but Beelzebub did care about Ose. She was the first and only woman he ever connected with. Even though he came to find out she was merely using him, he couldn't bring himself to hate her. Her death left a hole in his heart.

Just by mentioning Ose, Sartran manages to catch Beelzebub's interest. Naturally, the Executor picks up on this fact.

[Oh yes. She was a stuck-up female. Arrogant beyond belief. But interesting, too. The only demon I knew who could comprehend the field of technology. I found her to be an engrossing conversation partner. Naturally, as an Electricity and Lightning-focused Psion, I also know a good deal about technology. We were able to hold many fruitful conversations during my time in Hell.]

He pauses.

[Naturally, because of the mind-wipes, Agares, along with other demons I befriended, forgot my identity. Ose didn't forget, but she still put distance between us. That was a shame. I've always considered myself a friend of demonkind. I place your species on the same level as my own, much to my colleagues' chagrin.]

Beelzebub's glare softens a little. In his mind, this 'Sartran' is quite easy to talk to, lacking the arrogance and condescending nature of the other Volgrim Beelzebub has met, like Demila.

[That's kind of you to say.] Beelzebub says neutrally, while firing another fire-beam at the Kolvaxians below.

[Well, I wanted to speak to you specifically, Beelzebub.] Sartran says, finally getting to his greater point. [As a demon who has unlocked a secondary Element, I wished to ask... what allowed you to comprehend the power of Nuclear Fire?]

[It just came to me one day, when I blew up my body in a fit of rage.] Beelzebub says, recalling the first time he blew himself up to try and kill Hope, Belial, and Archangel Uriel. [Actually, it came when I first ascended to Duke. I found I was able to spontaneously make parts of my body explode whenever I wished. Along with my enhanced regenerative powers and lack of pain, I found that I could rip off my arm and fling it at people to blow them to bits. It amused me greatly.]

[Oh.] Sartran says, a hint of disappointment in his tone. [That's a shame. I hoped it was something more profound.]

[More profound? In what way?] Beelzebub counters.

Instead of directly answering Beelzebub's question, Sartran's aura suddenly changes. Rather than firing bolts of lightning, he summons a sword made out of roaring flames, then materializes amidst the Kolvaxians below, swinging it crazily to cut them down, one after the other.

_Slash! Slash! Swish-swish-slash!_

His sword dances to and fro, killing them even faster than his lightning did, let alone Henry's sword, Artoria.

Beelzebub's eyes widen to the point of absurdity. Just when he thinks Sartran is going to cut all the Kolvaxians down, the Executor flickers back up into the sky and dematerializes his fire-sword.

[Don't be too impressed.] Sartran says blandly. [Fighting in the middle of a Kolvaxian swarm, especially ones as powerful as these, is a recipe for disaster. Much safer to bombard them from afar.]

[You can control fire too?!] Beelzebub asks, bewildered.

[Haha. A lot more than that.]

Sartran holds out his palm.

_Fwip! THOOM!_

A flash of light fires from his palm, smashes into one of the Kolvaxians, and pounds it deep into the ground, plunging it more than 500 meters beneath the planet's surface.

Beelzebub's jaw drops.

[Light is also a form of energy. There are many ways to manipulate it.] Sartran explains. [I could focus on heat, or increase the luminosity to blind enemy vision and sensors. I could increase its radiation level to mimic the light of a star, irradiating my foes and rotting their internal organs. I could change the frequency to infrared or ultraviolet to pierce different sorts of defenses. X-rays and gamma rays are also an option. Truthfully though, I'm the High Psion who is most talented in terms of Energy Manipulation, even surpassing Founder Dosena, but my best talent is in electrical energy. It is the one I am most effective at controlling in all situations, so it's the form I use most often.]

He shrugs. [Comparatively, my flame control is quite poor. Even you are better than me at manipulating different types of fire.]

Beelzebub nods dumbly. His mind struggles to wrap around Sartran's explanation.

[You're saying... I don't manipulate fire? I manipulate energy?]

[I have no idea.] Sartran admits. [There are many Energy Manipulating Psions within the Volgrim Empire. I'm not the only one, I'm simply the strongest. I know a few individuals who are superior to me in the field of flame control.]

His look of interest toward Beelzebub deepens.

[But even compared to them... you are something else. Your stamina seems inexhaustible. Your regenerative capabilities are not a trait I've seen crop up among my fellow Energy Manipulators. There's something... _special_ about you. Something I can't quite pin down. I am very much looking forward to your future feats.]

Beelzebub falls silent.

He doesn't immediately respond to Sartran, instead frowning as he falls deep into thought.

Sartran continues to wallop the Kolvaxian army, shredding them with ease and quickly culling their numbers down from one hundred and fifty to less than forty. Every Kolvaxian he kills makes their collective threat drop lower than before, making it progressively easier and easier to kill more of them.

Beelzebub, for his part, stops the slaughter. He gazes absentmindedly at the ground below while thinking many different thoughts.

_Energy Manipulation. Is that what I do? How do flames relate to nuclear energy? What is nuclear energy itself? Why can my body regenerate from mortal wounds while the High Psions cannot? Is there truly something unique about me compared to them?_

After a moment, his eyes flicker.

_The Phoenix's Feather. Somehow, I obtained it in my youth, and it empowered me greatly. It must have altered my abilities. Made me more formidable. It granted me my regenerative powers... but what about my connection to fire? Is that also mine, or did that come from the Phoenix?_

He recalls a conversation he had with Yama, not that long ago...

...

"How did I obtain the Phoenix's Feather?" Beelzebub asked. "I've known I possessed the power of Nirvana for a while now, but I wasn't aware other demons knew. So how did all of you find out?"

"You were only an ordinary imp..." Yama said slowly. "Then one day, a strange entity appeared in the Labyrinth. The First Hell tracked its position as it rushed toward you, then entered your soul. You were too spiritually dull to notice its arrival, but the rest of us were not so foolish."

Beelzebub frowned. "You're saying... the Phoenix Feather chose me at random? But where did it come from?"

"How should we know?" Yama said helplessly. "You lucked out, brat! There's nothing more to it! What, do you think you were chosen because you were special? Like we said, you're not special at all! You're just one fortunate little imp-bastard!"

Beelzebub ignored Yama's goading to focus on the underlying hints behind his words.

"You don't find that even a little odd?" Beelzebub asked. "That I simply obtained the Phoenix Feather at random? Is it not possible... this could be someone's plot? Perhaps they gave it to me for some ulterior motive?"

Yama grimaced. "Still trying to build up a conspiracy? Think what you like. We've told you all we know. We don't give a damn if you believe us or not..."

...

_Who gave me the feather?_ Beelzebub thinks. _Or perhaps more importantly, was it for a good reason, or a bad one? Can I weaponize it? Are my abilities different from other demons? Do I have more potential I've yet failed to excavate?_

He glances at Sartran. The Executor blasts another duo of Kolvaxians to bits, then smiles with his eyes at Beelzebub, easily reading the young demon's mind.

[I don't know what this 'Phoenix' is, but it sounds special.] Sartran says casually. [I wouldn't bother searching for an ulterior motive. Maybe you were chosen. Maybe you lucked into your abilities. But whatever the case may be, I believe you have even greater potential than you think. You just need... a little imagination.]

Beelzebub's eyes flash.

[That's the same thing Saul said. He told me I haven't been exploring my powers enough. I've become stagnant, merely going along with what my instincts say are possible.]

Beelzebub looks at his palms. A sense of shame wells up in his chest. A feeling of waste.

[More. I can do more. I can BE more!]

He raises his eyes to the sky. In that moment, a distant sensation of pride returns to his mind and body.

That pride deepens, becoming something more.

Ambition!

A lack of satisfaction with the status quo!

He is Beelzebub. He is not a follower, nor a leader. He is just himself. He is not content with the way things are.

Like the parting of a veil, he seemingly looks up at the cosmic nature of the universe, realizing that there are new dimensions which previously remained invisible to his eyes.

[Energy. It's all energy! I get it now! I understand!]

Beelzebub's gaze snaps back downward, to the remaining Kolvaxians below.

He lifts up his palm and begins calling upon his magic to summon a revolving fireball within his grasp.

That fireball spins, faster and faster, increasing in speed and temperature. Like before, he wields its power with the intent to create a micro-sized star within the palm of his hand.

[Not enough. It isn't nearly enough!]

Beelzebub's eyes blaze with ambition. He stares at the fire, burning his pupils as the light within becomes more and more blinding. As painful as the death and rebirth of his retinas might be, he continues to stare, sensing not only with his eyes, but his very soul.

_Not like this... more like this. No, a little different. The atomic structure is wrong. More energetic. More chaotic. Less orderly. More... EXPLOSIVE!_

A vicious sound begins to emanate from the orb. A high-pitched whine screeches outward, sounding like a skillsaw cutting into wood. That screeching changes multiple times, eventually sounding like the distant crackling of lightning!

_Crackle! Crackle!!_

Sartran's eyes widen. He becomes tongue-tied as he watches Beelzebub achieve in less than a minute the sort of successful experimentation that previously took the Executor hundreds of years.

[Amazing! Impressive! With only his soul's intuition alone? He's a genius! A prodigy!] Sartran praises.

"Hah! Hahahaha! HAHAHAHAH!"

Beelzebub cackles madly, his grin turning feral as the white star in his palm bursts out with small bolts of nuclear lightning, some of them shooting skyward, others out to the right and left. The faster it revolves, the more crazily the energy within erupts, like a bomb mere milliseconds from going off.

"Let's see what kind of damage this will do!" Beelzebub exclaims, before rearing his arm back and flinging the electrical bomb downward.

It flies into the center of the remaining Kolvaxians and explodes with terrific power, sending hundreds of bolts of lightning in every direction.

_BOOOOM!!!_

Every single remaining Kolvaxian, all thirty-five of them, blow up, vaporized by the raw power of Beelzebub's experimental lightning bomb.

Their bodies turn to ash and spray outward, annihilated at the atomic level.

Sartran instantly conjures a shield around the humans, causing the bolts of lightning to be redirected, saving countless lives. Beelzebub quickly realizes that if Sartran hadn't done so, he'd have potentially killed all of the Legionnaires, including Henry and Ashley!

"Damn!" Beelzebub yells. "Apologies! Thank you, Sartran. If you hadn't intervened... I must have lost my mind, taking such a risk! But the power! The explosive power! It was so _intoxicating!_"

Sartran chuckles uneasily. [No worries, my young friend. Many have lost themselves in a moment of euphoric bliss. Transcending one's abilities, especially in such a rapid manner, can be more seductive than the whispers of a lover. You must take care to watch how you evolve your abilities moving forward.]

Beelzebub calms down. He holds up his palm once again, and a faint crackle begins to appear.

He conjures a much smaller, weaker, and more easily controllable bolt of lightning in his palm.

Then he throws it into the distance. It crosses the horizon at the speed of light, igniting a distant forest when it strikes a random tree.

"Lightning. Truly, lightning! I can wield the same sort of ability as Ose! All this time, I had eyes but could not see the distant mountain peaks! I owe this breakthrough to your words."

Sartran shakes his head. [No. You always had this potential hidden within yourself. Truly, I am in awe. You are a genius in every sense of the word. Your natural instincts are beyond mine. When I was a young Psion, my talents paled in comparison to yours. You will achieve great things in the future.]

He pauses before adding, [Continue to experiment. You have only scratched the surface of what 'energy manipulation' can achieve. I hope in the future we will be able to deepen our friendship. Indeed, I would love to teach a prodigy like you more techniques, moving forward. In these uncertain times, the Milky Way always needs more champions.]

Beelzebub sincerely bows at the waist toward Sartran.

[In my eyes, you are half a teacher to me, like Agares was. I will remember your words for the rest of my life.]

Kolvaxians continue to appear, materializing in the distance after Beelzebub eradicated the entirety of the remaining swarm. Sartran sits back, watching happily as his half-disciple continues to try new things with his new mastery of lightning.

Beelzebub releases the flames under his feet. He emits electrical energy in a sphere around his body, levitating by inverting the planet's gravitic energy around himself. In this way, he is seemingly able to fly without appearing nearly as eye-catching as before.

Perhaps in the future, this will turn into a stealthy manner of approaching different types of combats!

[Bravo. Brilliant!] Sartran praises continually. [Your adaptation is unbelievable! I've never seen someone alter the form of their power with such ease. At this rate, you might even-]

[**BACKUP! I NEED BACKUP!!**]

A psionic voice blasts every human and non-human on Maiura, causing their brains to lock up for a moment. Beelzebub loses control of his powers, causing him to fall from the sky and slam into the dirt below. Henry screams in pain. Ashley falls to her knees, crying out as she also loses control of her five senses for a few seconds.

Archangel Uriel slashes at a Kolvaxian, but the sudden bombardment of a screaming psionic voice jars her brain. She stumbles clumsily toward the Kolvaxian, and it punches her with its full strength, sending her flying!

Belial, Hope, Levi, Mandy, and countless Legionnaires lose their ability to think for a few seconds. So powerful is the voice that they momentarily become braindead, like lobotomy victims.

Executor Sartran snaps his head to the east.

[EXECUTOR VI!]

He ignores Beelzebub's pain, as well as the pain of the sprawled-out humans nearby.

His body flickers, and an instant later, he pounces across the horizon, traveling to the Eastern Front in the blink of an eye.

Beelzebub is the first to recover. He stands up, holding his head as a migraine assaults him.

"...the hell was that?" Beelzebub mumbles, looking around in uncertainty. "What's going on?"

Little do the Maiurans know, but the battle is about to enter a new period of death and destruction.