Part 739: Experimentation

_Far-Future Era. Day 21, AJR. The world of Sharmur._

Two hours passed.

Beelzebub sat quietly atop the mountain cliff. He listened as his newest teacher reluctantly lectured to him. At the same time, electricity crackled between both of Beelzebub's palms, jumping from his right hand to his left hand and back again.

[The fundamental state of fire is simply energy. This is why the bridge between fire and lightning can be crossed with great ease by genius Psions, and ones such as yourself.] Sartran explained, his soul speaking from within Beelzebub's mind. [But in truth, fire and lightning are only two possible options for energy manipulators. They are still considered low level, brute-force applications of energy manipulation. The true value in energy manipulation comes from manipulating the weak nuclear force, the strong nuclear force, and electromagnetism directly.]

"Electromagnetism?" Beelzebub repeated. "I'm not familiar with this term. Based on the name, it sounds like it has something to do with electricity and magnets?"

[That is indeed one way of putting it.] Sartran said hesitantly. [A rather simplistic description, but acceptable for now. Electromagnetism allows one to control many different fundamental forces of nature. It is what computer circuitry is based on, so it's also quite valuable knowledge for Technopaths to possess.]

Beelzebub paused his electrical energy pulses to scratch his chin thoughtfully.

"Ose was always good with computers. And she manipulated lightning. I assumed the two went together, but based on what you're saying, she didn't go nearly far enough with what her abilities could accomplish."

[Presumably, if she could manipulate lightning, then she could have manipulated fire and electromagnetism itself.] Sartran acknowledged. [But don't take what I'm saying as irrefutable fact. Just because one 'can' do something does not mean they are 'able' to do it. Technically, most humans can train their bodies to become professional weightlifters and lift hundreds of kilos worth of weights, but not many actually do this.]

Sartran continued. [We Psions are able to live forever without fear of natural death. The longest-lived among us often reach a wall in our growth that prevents us from ascending to greater heights, and thus they often try to branch out and master new applications to their existing powers. Creator Demila was one such case. Despite being one million cycles of age, she could not normally rise past the 7th Level, and thus she instead worked on improving her fundamentals.]

"Until she decided to eat a bunch of you." Beelzebub muttered.

[Yes. Until she did... that.] Sartran said, his voice softening. [She was not a brilliant Psion. She was greedy, short-sighted, and only possessed decent capabilities. The fact she was able to rise to the 7th Level was more due to her perseverance and luck than a testament to her intellect.]

Beelzebub pondered Sartran's words. "Based on what you've said, is it possible that I, and many other demons like me, have truly been limiting ourselves based on preconceived notions of what we think our powers enable us to do? Could I have been wielding the power of lightning back when I was a Lord if someone hadn't defined my abilities so strictly for me?"

[Perhaps. However, it is a fact that the stronger one's connection to metaphysical powers grows, the broader their breadth of abilities can also become. When you were a Demon Lord, you likely could only control the basic element of fire at your highest possible level, and your connection to others would have been far weaker. The same is true of low-level Psions. Only around once we ascend to Cosmic can our kind truly branch out evenly in multiple directions.]

Sartran waved his hand. [But never mind all that. I think I've said enough, now. You should try using your powers more creatively.]

"I agree. But... how can I be more creative?" Beelzebub pondered. "I've always just... used the powers my body told me I would automatically know how to use."

[Hmm. A good question.] Sartran said. [How about this? Start by standing up.]

"Uh... alright, then."

Beelzebub shrugged. He stood up, then stretched his legs. Sitting on a rock cross-legged for two hours wasn't particularly comfortable, and his joints felt a little stiff.

[Alright. Now, let's go over your abilities, one by one.] Sartran suggested.

Beelzebub nodded. He didn't say anything for a moment as he thought about all the powers he possessed.

"Well. First off, Flame Shaping is my fundamental ability."

Beelzebub held up his hand. He conjured an orb of fire, then started spinning it around rapidly to condense it and increase its heat and explosive power. If he were to let go, it would probably explode and blow his arm off! But he instead deliberately slowed it down, then turned it into a plume of fire that arced up over his head like a fountain of water.

He changed the flame's shape a few more times to demonstrate his proficiency. Sartran raised an eyebrow. It was clear at a glance that Beelzebub's Flame Shaping was already at the highest level. He could bend and manipulate the flames by relying on pure combat instinct without even having to think about their form.

"There's also Fireportation." Beelzebub said.

He flicked a bit of fire over toward some shrubs on the edge of the mountain. When the vegetation burst into flame, Beelzebub suddenly exploded into smoke, then reappeared at the new location a split-second later.

Sartran gasped. [You've mastered a form of teleportation? Incredible! What are the limitations on range?]

Beelzebub frowned. "I... don't know. I don't use this ability often."

[What a waste! You absolutely must try to find the limits of how far you can travel!] Sartran urged. [How can you be so blind to the possibilities?]

"What possibilities?" Beelzebub asked. He looked genuinely clueless. "It's certainly a useful ability, but outside of saving a little time getting to places I don't see the extreme value you're implying."

Sartran sighed. [You truly do lack imagination, Beelzebub. I see now that you focus your attention on mere brute force and fighting. This is only one possibility among many that a metaphysical master should consider.]

The Executor started to lecture again. [Abilities can be divided into many different types. Offense, defense, healing, scouting, movement, strategic-macro, strategic-micro, summoning, empowerment, weakening, and more!]

[Think for a moment of other demons that you know.] Sartran continued. [Do you know of any demons who are good at delivering messages across vast distances to other demons?]

"Of course." Beelzebub said. "Any Warper, for one."

[Right. And how about demons who can summon other creatures or entities or weapons to fight for them?] Sartran pressed further.

"Hmm. Lucifer and Gressil could make new forms of life..." Beelzebub said hesitantly. "Oh, Uriel summoned Light Constructs when she fought me as well. Jason Hiro summoned other beings to life as well."

[Yes! Precisely.] Sartran exclaimed. [Ose was lightning fast in her movements. Belial can heal countless sorts of injuries. All of these demons, angels, Heroes, and so on have powers with unique uses, but the limitation for you demons is that you often do not consider alternative uses for your abilities.]

Now was the moment where Sartran started to get to his bigger point.

[Beelzebub, imagine a few months from now, something terrible happens. Kolvaxians break into the Cube, or the demons invade, or some other scenario. With your Fireportation power, depending on the limits, you could instantly reinforce any warzone by teleporting to a nearby fire source!]

Beelzebub frowned. "But what's the point if I have to light a fire and teleport to it? I might as well just fly over there myself."

[No, no, no...] Sartran sighed. [You're still thinking like an individual. What if humanity purposefully left lots of small fires flickering across their settlements and cities and other important areas for you to teleport to? What if your ability allows you to teleport hundreds of kilometers to a distant source of fire? What if you can teleport across a star system to another world? What if you can teleport to distant worlds inside different star systems?]

"I... I see!" Beelzebub exclaimed, suddenly realizing Sartran's true meaning. "I've never tested the limits of my teleportation ability. It simply didn't occur to me this was a possibility!"

[Exactly.] Sartran said, feeling relieved. [But we've still not gone far enough. Beelzebub, you can blow up parts of your body, yes?]

Beelzebub nodded again. "Yes. It's quite painful, but I can do it..."

[Have you ever tried combining Fireportation with nuclear body parts?] Sartran asked.

Once again, Beelzebub wore a look of surprise. "You mean... waiting until my enemy is close to a source of fire, then ripping off my arm and teleporting it to them, only to detonate my arm next to them? I don't think I've done that specific thing before, no..."

[Teleportation is an ability few Psions wield.] Sartran said, chiding Beelzebub as he would any other student. [It becomes more common as Psions rise past the 6th level, but even then, while most Executors can execute some form of teleportation, instantaneous movement, or other escape/traversal ability, most 7th Level Psions cannot, and sparingly few 6th Level Psions can do so even in a limited capacity. This means you are already far above most Cosmic Psions! For you to fail to use this power at the highest level, what can this be other than a waste?]

Beelzebub's expression became solemn. Indeed, he realized only now that Sartran's words were pointed straight at the heart of the matter. Beelzebub was already quite a bit more inventive than other demons, but that inventiveness quite literally only began after he spoke to Sartran during their first meeting. Before that moment, he simply used his abilities thoughtlessly, relying purely on what his instincts told him were possible.

"Another ability I often use is my Flame Whip..." Beelzebub said slowly. "I've used it to cut through opponents with heavy armor and other defenses."

[Have you ever used it to ensnare opponents?] Sartran questioned. [Whips and chains often make for great tools to temporarily immobilize strong enemies. Even if you only slow them down for a time unit or two, that can be enough time to rain hellfire upon them while they cannot resist. In fact, Executor Huron possesses the ability to transmute materials into new forms. One of his favorite methods is creating giant metal chains to bind his enemies. It has made his Kolvaxor doppelganger quite a bastard to battle against...]

"I've not used my whips in that way either." Beelzebub said, now beginning to feel quite ill regarding the wasteful usage of his flame powers. "I can shoot fire beams from my eyes. The pinpoint damage is quite strong, but overall, the ability is weak against strong enemies."

[That sounds like an ability that would work well in a surprise situation.] Sartran opined.

"A surprise situation?" Beelzebub repeated.

[Imagine your opponent has been hampering your movements, outplaying you at every opportunity, and agilely dodging your attacks.] Sartran continued to explain. [You have them thinking you're weak and they will surely defeat you. You charge up a mighty fireball to draw their attention, but you only pretend you're about to throw it at them. Instead, right when their attention is fully on your attack, you shoot a fire-beam from your eyes at theirs! If it strikes their eyes, you might cause immense damage. Even if the beam hits their eyes and does no damage, you might blind them for a split second. If they move to the side to avoid it, you can anticipate the movement. At the very least, you can startle them into making a mistake, giving you time to hit them with that charged fireball!]

Sartran logically walked Beelzebub through the possibilities, opening up the Demon Overlord's mind to many different ideas he hadn't considered before.

Beelzebub began to pace back and forth.

"Everything you've said makes sense. Now that I think about it, there are other things that jump to my mind I hadn't considered before. For example, since I can now wield electrical energy, maybe I can incorporate that into my existing techniques..."

A lightbulb seemed to go off in Beelzebub's head.

"That's it!" Beelzebub suddenly exclaimed.

Beelzebub turned to look out to the east, where he could see the ocean far in the distance. Between Beelzebub and that ocean, the city of Melodia stood with all its people bustling about, readying themselves for humanity's next transitional phase.

Beelzebub inhaled deeply. He concentrated his mind, causing the electrical energy in his brain to rise dramatically. Sparks erupted in his eyes as he looked at the distant shortline...

_Zzzt..._

_Zzzzzzzztt..._

Energy rapidly built up inside Beelzebub's body. Sweat dripped from his head as he struggled to focus his mind.

_KZZAAAT!_

All the energy abruptly exploded beneath Beelzebub's feet, making him yelp in alarm as he was unceremoniously launched into the air, causing him to spin fourteen times as he flew off the cliff's edge uncontrollably.

"Aaah!!"

Beelzebub tried to reorient himself in midair, but he was so startled from the misfire that he flew into the valley below and crashed into the trees, their branches lacerating his skin and tearing his clothes as he flopped down to the ground below and smashed his face against the ground.

"Oh... ohhh..." Beelzebub groaned, feeling multiple teeth shattered from the impact.

Moments later, Kiari rushed over. "Beelzebub? Are you okay? Did someone attack you? What's going on?!"

Kiari jumped in alarm when she saw Beelzebub's disheveled appearance. Not five seconds later, Belial ran over along with Cassiel, who had been woken up by the electrical explosion. The angel looked tired, but also fully alert, having been startled awake.

"Um... ffffiiine... I'm fuuhhhh-ine..." Beelzebub groaned, as he lifted himself up. His body felt weak for some reason. His arms shook as he tried to push himself up to a sitting position.

Kiari quickly walked over and wrapped her arm around Beelzebub's. She helped him stagger to his feet, then she frowned.

"What's wrong, Beelzebub? Why aren't you healing yet?"

Beelzebub was still dazed. He touched his face and realized his wounds hadn't scabbed over and healed like they usually would.

"I... I dun knowww." Beelzebub mumbled. His vision wavered.

Inside Beelzebub's mind, Sartran spoke, but only Beelzebub could hear him.

[You've suffered a backlash. This is something you've not experienced before, because you demons almost always rely on your instinctual powers. But whatever you were attempting to do was beyond your current base of knowledge. It happens to younger Psions all the time, and will result in the temporary weakening or even outright disabling of your metaphysical abilities. Rest for a while, and they will return.]

Beelzebub blinked slowly. He didn't say anything, due to his sudden onset of fatigue. Kiari helped him sit down with his back against a tree.

"Hey... Sam'mtha..." Beelzebub groaned. "Can Iiii troubbble you foraquickheal?"

Belial nodded. She looked at Cassiel, then stepped over to Beelzebub's side. After sending waves of healing magic into him, she finally brought Beelzebub back to a mostly intact state, though his body was still extremely lethargic.

"Did someone attack you?" Kiari asked again.

"No, no, nothing like that." Beelzebub said, rubbing the bottom of his jaw. Having to suffer with shattered teeth for three long minutes was an agonizing experience, and the phantom pain continued to linger. "I tried using my abilities in a new way and suffered a... a backlash, I think it's called. I just need to rest for a bit and my powers will return."

Kiari still looked concerned, but Belial's face relaxed.

"Oh, a backlash? I've heard of that happening before. A few demons in the past tried experimenting with their powers and nearly died from it, but with a bit of rest their strength always returned. You should be more careful, Beelzebub. Remember that backlashes strengthen based on how much power you're trying to release. Whatever you were experimenting with, take it slower next time."

As the oldest demon on the scene, well over 100,000 years of age, Belial had known countless other demons over the years, and even her incidental knowledge was quite vast compared to the other two.

"Did any of them succeed?" Beelzebub asked.

"Of course." Belial answered. "I never saw it personally, but I have it on good faith Ose used to be quite the experimenter back in the day. That's how she developed such a diverse power-set. Not many others actually succeeded though. We demons are pretty limited in what powers we wield, but what we _can_ do, we do _well_."

Beelzebub looked unconvinced, but he decided not to argue the point. Belial and Sartran couldn't both be right. Demons couldn't be flexible and inflexible at the first time. Not only that, but Beelzebub had already proven to himself that he could branch out further than what his innate flame powers suggested. His control of electricity was humble, but it was definitely outside the scope of his original abilities.

That made him lean much more heavily toward Sartran's point of view. There must be more he could accomplish!

Beelzebub closed his eyes. He steadied his breathing and fell silent for a while as he waited for his body to recover.

"You guys can go back to town." Kiari suggested. "I'll stay here with Beelzebub until he's all better."

"Alright." Belial said.

She took Cassiel's arm, and the two of them departed, leaving just Beelzebub and Kiari alone again.

"You don't need to stay here and babysit me." Beelzebub said after a minute or two. "I'll be fine after a short breather."

"Maybe. But if you've really lost access to your powers, that makes you vulnerable." Kiari pointed out. "What if Gressil attacked while you were sitting here? Can you say for certain you'd recover before he killed you? I don't... want to take that chance. I don't, um... I don't want to lose you."

Beelzebub paused. He lifted his head and opened his eyes to look up at Kiari, standing before him. When his eyes met hers, she turned away, not wanting to meet his gaze.

"Oh. I see. Then, ah, thank you, Kiari." Beelzebub said, haltingly.

There was a long moment of silence between the two of them. Kiari fiddled with her hair, looking off into the distance while she hovered next to Beelzebub protectively. The trauma of losing her husband had clearly left a mark on her psyche that would not heal anytime soon.

"So." Beelzebub said, after a long few minutes of awkward silence. "How long until the baby...?"

Kiari snapped out of a daze that she hadn't even realized she was in. "The-the baby... I don't know. There's no precedent. Um... humans need nine months, but it seems to be growing fast... it might be next week, or it might be a few months from now."

"Any idea what the baby's gender will be?" Beelzebub asked, though he was only making small talk.

"I don't know. I think I'd rather it be a surprise..." Kiari said softly. "I'd like a boy though."

"A boy would be nice." Beelzebub quietly agreed. "As long as it makes you happy."

Kiari mumbled something under her breath, but even with his keen hearing, Beelzebub couldn't quite make it out. After another minute, Kiari eventually turned around and sat down next to him, wrapping her arms around her legs.

"I know we're in the Cube now..." Kiari said softly. "But I was talking to Sam, and I realized I've been feeling really anxious. Are we going to be okay, Beelzebub?"

"By 'we', do you mean humanity and their allies in general?" Beelzebub asked.

Kiari nodded. She leaned her head forward to rest her chin on her knees. "So much has happened. When I joined the humans, I was only a Lord. I was really insecure about my strength... I still am. I'm an Emperor now but I feel like I haven't been much help. I could save anyone when Tarus II was destroyed. What if the Kolvaxians break into the Cube? Am I going to be useless again?"

"I wasn't any help either." Beelzebub pointed out. "I blew up along with the planet. Then I chased the Volgrim but they still got away."

"No, that's not true." Kiari pointed out. "You killed one of them, right? That Satan-Psion?"

"Sartran." Beelzebub corrected. "And come to think of it, I did end up empowering the Phoenix, so... I supposed I did accomplish a few minor things. The difference is, unlike you, I'm a mass murderer trying to redeem myself. I still fall far short of your accomplishments. You built a lot of houses for a lot of people. You've done more good for these people than I ever have, and probably ever will."

"I don't know about all that..." Kiari mumbled, but she didn't offer much protest to his words. 

"There's no sense in worrying about the future." Beelzebub eventually concluded. "Right now, the important thing is to rebuild and focus on improving the current state of affairs. The stronger the humans get, the more likely they'll be to survive future disaster, and maybe even come out stronger afterward."

Kiari smiled faintly. "Yeah... you're always so optimistic, Beelzy..."

Beelzebub rolled his eyes. "Oh, don't call me _that_."

"Hehe, Beelzy!" Kiari chuckled. She flashed a cute smile at him, and Beelzebub's mind momentarily blanked out.

He hadn't realized it before, but Kiari was actually rather... beautiful...

Beelzebub looked off into the distance. The two of them fell silent once again. 

They stared up at the distant glowing golden hue of the Cube, wondering what the future had in store for them...