Part 348: Changelings

_Tarus II, inside a makeshift community center where people sit indoors to wind down after a long day._

Hundreds of tables sit inside the large, dome-roofed building, while lightbulbs powered by the internal mana and energy of the patrons illuminate the ground below. The air itself glows faintly blue due to the magically-powered illumination, giving everything and everyone a vaguely cyan tint. A thrown-together bar with whatever reserves the local community could pick back up following Beelzebub's detonation passes out limited quantities of alcohol to the troops and civilians enjoying their downtime.

At one of the many tables, a trio of goblins sits on elevated chairs suitable for their species, while two male humans sit on the same side as each other. The married couple aren't people of any notable reputation, but simply a couple of troopers who survived the many tragedies of the past several weeks without either of them dying.

"...was crazy. I've never seen monsters like them before." One of the men, Darrel, says. He leans back heavily in his chair, spreads his legs out under the table, and lets his arms hang off the sides of his chair. Clearly tired from a long day on the job, he doesn't seem to have much energy left. "Then Po tells me they weren't monsters, but aliens! Yeah man, aliens! Crazy shit."

Po smiles at his husband and nods. "Yeap. That's the rumor going around the Core, anyway. My gal-friend Sally said lots of people saw the Wordsmith and his wife watching some video in the Core. Sally was too busy to catch the whole thing, but apparently she heard something about a 'plague' and a 'Volgran.' We're hoping the Wordsmith passes down more details. He didn't seem to give privacy much thought, after all."

Across from the two men, one of the goblins, a little fellow with a refined and elegant manner, politely sips on a red-colored mango-like fruit drink, allowing its sweet waters to slowly parch his thirst. This goblin, Grima, is none other than one of the three Changelings who recently returned to the Core.

"'Volgran,' you say?" Grima asks. "Oh, how scary. I hadn't heard anything about this. I just got back today. I thought after that terrible demon attack, we could use more... 'friends' to help clean up."

"YEAH!" One of the other goblins yells, slapping the table. "Me and Grima go way back! We both real good litter-mates!"

The other goblin, sitting across from him, between Grima and the humans, also flashes a stupid grin. "We hears fleshies needs digging! We supers good at digging! Help build, get paid in meats!"

Po chuckles. "Well, things are pretty bad right now. We can use all the help we can get. You'll find that goblins are quite appreciated around here. I hear Jason is gonna start digging more underground installations, which will be safer for people to evacuate to if the demons attack again."

"Speaking of the demons," Darrel interjects, "did you hear about that new development? Corporal Hurent mentioned it to one of her friends in passing. Apparently, the Hero has some new secret superweapon. That's how he managed to kill the Duke of Pain! The demons would have to be braindead to attack us again!"

Grima continues to casually sip his drink.

"A superweapon? I don't care much for those matters. I only wish to help out at the hospital and ensure wounded soldiers receive the treatment they need. But, if that 'superweapon' can prevent another tragedy, it would ease my worries. I nearly died during Beelzebub's attack, after all."

Darrel's expression turns ugly. "Yeah. A lot of people died. That piece of shit killed so many innocents, so many mothers, fathers, and even their children. Demons are scumbags, plain and simple."

"Not the ones that join us, though." Po says, quickly speaking in his husband's place. "The Second Emperor of demonkind abandoned her people to help us. I hear she killed a hundred thousand of our enemies during the Stormbringer Attack. And don't forget others like that Kiari gal. She's used her bugs to help us rescue lots of trapped civilians, people who got buried under rubble we'd never have found otherwise."

"Right, right, not the 'good' demons." Darrel says with a nod. "But you done know what I mean. Somethin' like ninety-nine percent of all demons are absolute pieces of shit. If we exterminated them, I wouldn't bat an eye!"

Grima shoots a quick, surreptitious glance at the other two goblins, but otherwise keeps his body language as casual as possible.

"I am pleased that distinguished soldiers such as you protect us all." Grima says. "I will put your drinks on my... 'tab.' If I do not respect the ones protecting us all every day, I will experience a great sorrow in my heart."

"Thanks, Grimmy." Po says, flashing the goblin a thumbs up. "But don't look down on yourself. Lots of my buddies would have died during Stormbringer if it wasn't for you helping keep the hospital a smooth-running operation. Damn shame about those bloody Shades that got loose... fucking bastards. Anyway, you do good work, too. We're stronger as a people when everyone does their best for the collective."

"I am wonderin', though," Darrel says, while raising an eyebrow. "Grima, you talk so fancy and all that, but most goblins ain't all prim and proper. Why are you so different?"

Grima lifts his hand in a sign of uncertainty. "I do not know the answer. I enjoy reading literature and a great many classics. I suppose I am a little different from the others of my species. Not like Duugo and Jin-Jin, here. They are quite... bog-standard."

"Pahaha! Yeah we are!" Duugo says, before swinging his arms wildly and 'accidentally' knocking his glass off the table. "Ahh! Broke cup-glass! So sorry, did not mean to hurt!"

"That's alright," Po says, while standing up and gesturing to the bartender. "Accidents happen. C'mon, Darrel. Our shift starts in six hours. We need to get some rest before then."

Darrel stands up, a bit more reluctantly than his husband. "Yeah, fair enough. Thanks for buyin' our drinks, Grima. We owe ya."

"Speak nothing of the matter." Grima says, while slowly blinking his eyes and expressing his thanks through a wave of his hand.

After the two humans walk away, the three goblins remain silent for a while. They continue to drink, then quietly shuffle out of the bar once a nearby waiter has cleaned up their broken glass.

The three of them silently walk away from the building, toward a nearby cliff on the northern side of the city, and climb over its edge until they reach a secluded area among some trees.

After arriving, the other two goblins noticeably lose some of the idiocy in their eyes. Duugo, one of the Changelings brought back by Grima to the humans, looks at his junior with an expression of blank judgment.

"Kotori. This one is displeased. You are not to refer to us by our original designations. Furthermore, your ability to blend in with the local goblin populace is sloppy and subpar. Even the most dull-witted and unobservant humans are able to see that you act too differently from other goblins."

"Agreed." Says Jin, the other Changeling. "It is a miracle your identity was not discovered before now. Since the Wordsmith has observed the Founders' broadcast, it is possible he will begin taking measures to identify Changelings. Your choice of verbiage, and your uncanny manner of speaking will draw too much scrutiny."

"This one knows he is an inferior and low-class Observer." Grima says, bowing his head meekly. "This one was originally placed upon Tarus II to observe the monster royal known as Bahamut. This one would have drawn too much scrutiny if we were to have changed our manner of speaking. For now, this one must continue to act the same as we have already."

"Agreed." Duugo says. "However, this one believes that you are a liability that will impact the Founders' goals for this world in a negative manner. This one is considering reassigning you to a lower danger mission more befitting your... status."

Kotori raises his head. "With respect! This one delivered an item of critical importance to the Founders! This one also delivered intelligence of a similar level regarding the Hero's return! This one has landed in a unique position where we can observe the former Second Emperor, Belial, without drawing attention. Our position as the hospital's head administrator gives us-"

"Enough." Duugo says, raising a palm. "You have become emotionally invested in this mission. Changelings are not to experience attachment to any of their duties. You are too young and inexperienced, not to mention untrained, to handle an Observation and Infiltration mission of this level."

"This one guided your feet into the humans' core world!" Grima says. "How can this one suffer such a humiliation? This one may be inexperienced, but we have assisted the Founders' mission greatly!"

"A fortunate set of circumstances, to be sure." Jin says, blinking its eyes slowly and deliberately. "Were any other Changeling to stand in your place, they too would have accomplished great feats."

"With respect. This one disagrees." Grima snaps. "This one has forged close bonds with the humans. They trust this one to deliver medical attention fairly and neutrally. Even just now, both of you saw what this one's clever infiltration revealed. We now know about the data-stream the Wordsmith intercepted in the Core. Would you two be able to obtain such crucial intelligence for the Founders if this one were not here?"

Duugo and Jin both glance at each other for a moment before turning back to Grima.

"In time, the two of us will also ingratiate ourselves to the humans." Duugo says. "In that respect, you are not exceptional."

"However," Jin interjects, turning its attention to Duugo, "intelligence of this nature is also time-sensitive. Were Kotori not here, we would not have been able to obtain this information until a later date. Despite their inexperience, our junior still possesses a position of relative prestige among the mud-dweller populace."

"You are correct." Duugo states. "For now, Kotori, you must continue to update us on the movements of the humans, as per your position in the hospital sector. This one will attempt to gain access to more sensitive areas, while Senior Infiltrator Jin will blend in with the civilian populace to learn the general sentiment of the humans."

Kotori blinks twice. "The general sentiment?"

"Affirmative." Duugo says. "The Founders have bequeathed this Senior Observer of the Seventh Class with an essential mission. We are not only to gather intelligence on the humans, but to undermine and destabilize their society at all possible points of entry. This one will gather additional Changelings over time, as per Founder Treyza's explicit orders."

"You have spoken to Founder Treyza?" Kotori asks, trying to hide their emotional response. "This one has never spoken to a Founder directly... only the executive assistants."

"You are too inexperienced to warrant a visit with the Founders." Duugo coolly says. "This one is already an experienced Observer, as is Observer Jin. The two of us were both stationed on the ancient world of Earth, long before your cells became viable for a spawning pod."

Duugo's relatively mild disposition shifts slightly as it momentarily reminisces on the glory it experienced during the Energy Wars.

"Observer Jin and this one learned countless truths regarding the nature of the Earth's mud-dwelling species. We are both adaptable enough to blend in with any populace, as are many other well-known and respected Seventh and Eighth-class Changelings. Perhaps someday, you too will obtain some renown."

Kotori lowers its head. "This one contemplates. This one comprehends."

Duugo raises its hand flippantly.

"Let us split apart. Kotori. You will continue to remain in the hospital district. Jin and this one will go our separate ways. Humans are terrible at telling Goblins apart. To a human, creatures of other species always look similar to one another, but if we remain together in a group of three, they will be able to identify us more easily."

"Kotori acts in an especially eye-catching manner." Jin says, nodding along to Duugo's words. "The humans will be more likely to catch us if they notice us always traveling with Kotori."

"One last thing." Duugo adds, before reaching into the pocket of their tattered, raggedy clothing. The Changeling pulls out a tiny, blackened marble. "Kotori. You will swallow this device."

The junior Changeling looks at its seniors with confusion. "This is... a self-immolation nanite vessel?"

"Affirmative." Duugo says. "If the humans discover you due to your inexperience and dramatic manner of speaking, you must activate it without hesitation. It will annihilate your body down to its last atom, preventing them from uncovering any essential truths about your Changeling biology. Typically, these are only given to Apprentice Observers and above, but since your mission was previously not of critical importance to the Volgrim as a whole, you were not required to possess one. Times have changed."

"But... this one is still only an Initiate... a Junior..." Kotori says, while cautiously taking the marble from his senior's fingers.

"If you wish to stay on this mission, you must swallow the SIN-V." Duugo says. "Senior Observer Jin and this one have both swallowed ours. If you do not comply, we will forcibly end your assignment here."

"Of course. This one contemplates, and this one comprehends." Kotori says, before leaning its head back and swallowing the orb in one smooth motion.

"Excellent. We will all take our leave, now." Duugo says, before turning around and climbing the sheer cliffside without fear. "Junior Observer. Do not allow the humans to uncover your identity. If they do, it will spell a crisis for our Founders."

"Yes, Senior Observer." Kotori says, while offering a bow.

---

Jason, Fiona, and Blinker leave Phoebe behind in the Core to handle the important organizational matters demanding her attention. As humanity's premier innovator and inventor, her input is always necessary for major logistical decisions.

But for the other three, and in particular, Blinker, they mostly stick to dealing with organizational details on Tarus II.

The Wordsmith teleports himself, his mind-wife, and Blinker back to the city center. When they arrive, he immediately beelines for the hospital district to look for Belial.

"Hey, Sammy!" Fiona calls out when they finally locate the succubus. "Guess what? I changed my name!"

She quickly fills Belial on on the details, to which the former Second Emperor appears totally fine with.

"Great! New name! I was thinking it was getting awkward having two Phoebes around," Belial says, while nudging Jason playfully. "You should have given her a better name from the start."

"For the record," Blinker interrupts, holding up a finger. "I still like Penny more! I'm gonna keep calling her Penny, because she's as cute as a dime!"

"Hmm. Penny is a cute name too," Belial says, winking at Fiona. "But I'll stick with Fiona. Anyway, what's up? Don't tell me you guys came all the way here just for this?"

Fiona shakes her head. "Not quite. We actually found out something important."

The four of them walk inside a small hospital administrative hut, one currently empty due to Grima having a day off. Little bits of technology, broken T-REX's, and other assorted junk sit in piles. Jason illuminates the room with his Wordsmithing, then recounts the entire recording he watched to Belial. The more he talks of the Volgrim's plans, the quieter she becomes.

"Changelings, huh?" Belial mutters. "Hmm. I am familiar with their handiwork. Unfortunately, during the Energy Wars, we never got to learn how exactly they change their forms. What I do know is that their shapeshifting abilities are nowhere near as convenient as mine."

"What do you mean?" Jason asks.

"Well, I can change my body's appearance in seconds. I can mimic voices, physical attributes, all sorts of things. I'm not a mind-reader, and by no means a perfect infiltrator or anything. I can still slip-up and reveal my false identity by saying the wrong thing or acting uncharacteristically. However, one thing I know for certain is that Changelings _cannot_ change their appearances at will. They have some sort of... long-term changing function."

"Like, maybe they need to go dormant for a period of time?" Fiona asks. "Or perhaps they have some technology or tool that changes how they look?"

"Something like that..." Belial reluctantly says. "One big advantage they have over my abilities is that their bodies fully 'become' that of their target. If you were to knock me out and cut me open while I was mimicking Jason, you'd immediately know I was a demon. My demonic physiology doesn't change internally. A careful probe could 'out' me. But that's not the case with Changelings. They can fundamentally transform into biologically identical replicants of a target species."

"Wait!" Blinker interjects. "Does that mean if they copied you, they could copy your powers too?"

"No, no. Certainly not." Belial says, shaking her head. "Changelings can mimic my appearance, my voice, my mannerisms, and all of my other features quite well. But magical powers? Super-abilities? Not a chance. For this reason, Changelings never attempt to mimic demon or monsters of a magical nature."

Jason's gaze turns sharp. "So what you're saying is they tend to become Humans, Minotaurs, Goblins, Orcs, and other monsters lacking magical abilities?"

"Yes. Exactly." Belial nods.

"But..." Fiona says, sighing. "There are well over a million humans and monsters already among our people. We might be able to filter by those who came to visit us after the Founders' broadcast, but even so, their biology is going to be difficult to tell apart."

"Not just those who came after," Jason says with a warning tone. "Those who came _before_, too. I bet Unarin would have sent Changelings here as soon as possible, in advance of the broadcast. Samantha, didn't you say once that the Volgrim are ageless and immortal? They don't die?"

The succubus nods. "That's right. The same is true of Changelings. There were countless Changelings among the humans and monsters of Earth. No doubt, some of them are extremely adept at camouflaging themselves to blend in with native populaces. Only Novices and Juniors would stick out like sore thumbs."

Jason glances around Grima's office absentmindedly.

"Hmm. It's going to be tough tracking them down. If we can just find one Changeling, I can use my Wordsmithing to scour for any discrepancies in their biology. Fiona can make a magical tool that will automatically weed out every Changeling in our midst."

Fiona throws up her hands. "Yeah, but finding the first one is going to be the hardest part! I say for now we focus on the Lazarus Tower. It won't take much longer before we can complete it. I've even designed a new system for it that you'll find incredible."

"You did?" Jason asks, bewildered. "When did you have the time to do that?"

"Jason... I sit in your Mind Realm all day long." Fiona says, staring at him bluntly. "I have more time than you'd ever imagine. Plus, when you sleep at night, all your excess mental energy boosts my thinking speed. And I never need sleep either, so... that helps a lot."

Jason blushes. "Ah. Right. My bad..."

Blinker flies off Jason's shoulder.

"Well, until the demons get here, I can help out a bit! I'll go fly around and see if I can catch anyone acting suspicious! With my fairy magic, I'll be totally invisible, just you watch!"

Jason rubs his chin. "That's a good idea. Catching someone when they think they're being sneaky... it's the oldest trick in the book. Who needs a spy camera when you have an illusionist fairy helper?"

Blinker gives Jason a cute little salute, then teleports away, hiding herself from the outside world.

After she departs, Jason glances at Belial.

"I know you were thinking of heading into Hell to do some spying, but until I handle the Hidden Emperors, I'd like it if you could stay on Tarus II. Once I deal with them, you can leave."

"Also," Fiona says, "Sammy, it would be great if you could help me out a little with Cassiel. And by 'me' I mean my physical self, Phoebe."

"Why do you need my help?" Belial asks. "I doubt she'll like me, since I'm a demon and all..."

"Well, Phoebe is always busy, and so am I." Fiona explains. "Jason's not a great choice either, since he's a man. We do have the Archangels, but they won't be sticking around on a permanent basis. If you transform into Phoebe, you can get a little comfier with Cassiel, maybe draw her out of her shell. Besides, you're the most intimately familiar with me, so you probably won't draw any suspicion. You just need to get Cassiel acclimated back into greater society."

Belial chews her lower lip. "I... I don't know. I don't particularly detest angels, but I won't say I have any good feelings toward them. And the Archangels, especially.. I know they loathe me."

"By the way," Jason says, looking at Belial intently. "Does the name 'Daughter of Heaven' mean anything to you?"

"Daughter of Heaven?!" Belial asks, a flicker of shock crossing her face. "How do you know that name?"

"Um. It's... apparently Cassiel's identity." Jason answers, wincing when he observes Belial's pupils dilate in horror. "She's also known as-"

"Blood Reaper!" Belial gasps! "The Child of the Light! You're telling me... _she_ is the angel we rescued? The mightiest of the Lazarites? Slayer of Emperor Red Raven?!"

"Well. Yeah." Jason grunts. "Is... is she that scary?"

"Scary?! She was a terrifying existence!" Belial exclaims, before hurriedly lowering her voice. "Aside from the Archangels, not a single angel was feared more than Blood Reaper! How on Earth can Cassiel be the Blood Reaper?! She should be dead!"

"I don't know." Jason answers. "But she's alive now. If you don't want to speak to her, I'll understand."

"Do you know her real name?" Fiona asks.

Belial slowly shakes her head. "...No. I don't think any demon does. All we know is that she appeared at some point around the year 1700 and began slaughtering demons en-masse. We never knew where she came from, what her origins were, or even how she looked. She always wore shining golden armor. Her aura was... it was terrifying. I never fought her myself, but Satan did."

"Did he win or lose?" Jason asks.

"He won. Of course. She was no match for the First Emperor. But then again, how could any Lazarite possibly beat Satan's Ultimate Offense and Defense? She did her part though, and held him back long enough for Camael to smite a different Emperor dead. Satan was... not happy about that."

Belial sags into a small, goblin-sized chair. Her body seems to become exhausted merely from contemplating these past events.

"The Blood Reaper... to think she was such a young, beautiful looking woman. Fair white hair, a face no parent could deny... she was the vicious and bloodthirsty menace that terrorized demonkind. And look at her now. She's not even a shadow of her former self."

The succubus hesitates.

"It's... tragic. To think such a figure would fall to such a state. I can only imagine what Gressil did to her."

"I'd rather not." Fiona mumbles. "Poor thing."

Several seconds pass while Belial weighs Jason's request in her mind.

"...Alright. I'll do it. I'll try to help... Cassiel... reintegrate. I don't think I'll mimic Phoebe, though. That simply feels wrong."

Belial stands up. She shifts her skin color from red to black, recedes her horns, and changes her hair color. After also changing her clothes and other features, she becomes a conventionally attractive dark-skinned human woman with a face only somewhat different from her normal appearance.

Jason smiles. "Cute."

Fiona nods absentmindedly. "Yeah... very cute... cute as heck."

"Stop. You'll make me blush." Belial says. "When you see me like this, you can call me Lily. It's the name of a... friend of mine."

Jason blinks. "A friend named Lily? Err, does she have dark skin too?"

Belial raises an eyebrow. "Yes. Why?"

"And does she live on Hell Harbor?" Jason asks.

"She _does_..." Belial mutters. "Don't tell me you met her?"

Jason shoots a dirty glance at Fiona.

"Yeah... you could say that."

Fiona sticks her tongue out.

"Ehehe... oops. She was very friendly!"

"I'll bet she was." Belial says with a chuckle.