Part 765: Sphinx's Origins

_January 29th, 2021. Aevum, 6PM Earth-time._

Inside a place secreted within Phoebe Berthold's mind, the Sphinx grandly waved its paw, causing a spiraling image of the universe to appear. It was a spherical object of such size and mass that merely looking at the edge of its event horizon seemed to tug at Phoebe's soul, making her wince in pain. Within the orb there were hundreds of septillions of galaxies, each containing tens of millions to hundreds of trillions of stars and worlds.

The orb of light shimmered and spun with an unbelievable speed, like the molecules of an atom, containing such power that if one were to gaze for too long, they might become lost in delusions of grandeur, praying they could harness the power themselves.

[One hundred and forty-seven eternities ago, my people first arose.] The Sphinx said solemnly. [To you, I may be an unfathomably ancient entity, but in truth, I was far from the eldest of my people, the wisest, or the bravest. I simply possessed a gift of endurance that allowed me to outlast my peers.]

[I do not know my people's origins.] The Sphinx said slowly. [I do not know on what world we originated, nor do I remember the name of our home galaxy. I only know it was not Earth, and it was not the Milky Way, where you were born and raised. I come from a galaxy much further away than the one we now reside. Its name has been forgotten by me, along with the names of so many other prominent figures whose faces once took up a place in my mind. Sadly, the knowledge of who they were and what they represented has faded from my memories.]

Phoebe looked up at the spiraling universe grasped within the Sphinx's palm. She had no idea what a galaxy was, nor did she understand the true scale of the universe. But the concept of someone being lost and alone, far from their place of birth? That was a concept she understood well.

[My species is one that arose on our homeworld living as a symbiotic life form, primarily. Our home world was rich in intelligent life; that much I remember. My galaxy's Ruler bred us to be the ultimate life form... capable of jumping from host to host, each time gaining more power and increasing our fighting strength to a level our future foes would surely not be capable of matching. I used the word 'symbiotic' to describe my people, but in truth, we might be better described as... _parasites_, feeding on the power of our hosts to strengthen ourselves.]

The Sphinx conjured an image of a world, one which appeared hazy and indistinct. It was clear at a glance that the memory of this world was so badly faded and poorly memorized that the Sphinx could only imagine it in the way a half-asleep man might remember a dream from earlier in the day. It had no discernible details, beyond possessing landmasses, a watery surface, mountains, and other bog-standard features any 'ordinary' paradise-class world might possess.

[Many formidable life-forms lived in our home galaxy, and all of them arose from the Seed World.] The Sphinx explained. [My people possessed the creatures of our world and Uplifted them to become formidable sentients before we spread out among the stars. We built ships of steel, with gravimetric warp drives and all sorts of other technological wonders that allowed us to colonize the stars.]

[I was born long after the spread of my people had begun.] The Sphinx explained. [Thus, I do not know the details of our origins, nor how long it took for us to populate the stars. When I was born, I was placed into the body of a host creature who became my first Bonded. I was born among the species known as Kessu, a species that came to define my current appearance. Earth is a fascinating world, one I have long observed through the eyes of my previous hosts, including the creature you knew as 'Bahamut.' It possessed many forms of life similar to the one from my home galaxy, and among them are the thousands of variations of creature known as 'cats'. The Kessu were similar to the 'cats' you know.]

Phoebe nodded slowly. Some of this went over her head, but she wasn't an idiot. She could roughly understand what he was talking about. The Sphinx looked a lot like a tiger, so clearly there were cat attributes involved in his physiology.

[Before I continue, I should clarify something important.] The Sphinx patiently explained. [I am the Sphinx, but that is not actually my name. I adopted the name along with the few remaining members of my kind, several Eternities in the past. We chose the name in honor of our fallen species. As for my original name, it has been lost to time. After the Devourer took the majority of my remaining essence, I lost much of my memories, and I became the pale shadow you see before you now. Faded, dissipating slowly over time... I fear I may be the last Sphinx in the universe, but I have no way of truly knowing.]

"So you are not actually named Sphinx?" Phoebe asked.

[No. But you may refer to me as such. It matters not.] The Sphinx said. [I only wished to clarify so there won't be any confusion later. My species was the Sphinx, and I later adopted the species name as my own name, long after the majority had perished to the annals of history.]

The Sphinx continued. [In any case, while my appearance closely models that of my first host, that is only because of the deep bond we shared. My host inevitably died in battle, as did the hosts of so many other Sphinx over long, long periods of time. When that happened, I was saddened, but I adapted and jumped bodies into the being who had killed my host. Later, that entity also died in battle, and I jumped bodies into the next. And so on, and so forth, this continued until the end of my Eternity, the first Eternity where the Sphinx dominated more than one hundred galaxies!]

A look of pride gleamed in the Sphinx's eyes.

[My people were formidable. We spread out and conquered so many galaxies it would make your little mortal head spin. When our first Eternity ended, we entered the next Eternity a hundred times stronger, and conquered even more galaxies! Our rise seemed unstoppable! But alas, all good things eventually come to an end.]

He shook his head wryly, causing the hairs on his mane to softly wave, as if blown by a light breeze.

[I no longer remember what caused our downfall. I know it involved a civil war among the Allied Sphinx Consortium. I know that brother fought sister for dominance, and outside forces eagerly goaded the war along. Ultimately, the Sphinx Empire fell as other Rulers became aware of our abilities and found innovative ways to subdue us.]

The Sphinx panned out his paws.

[Listen well, child. What made my people so fearsome was our innate ability to jump bodies. You remember the power of King Arthur, yes? Of course you do. Imagine that he were to smite you dead where you stand. I, the Sphinx inside you, would jump into his body, taking control of a more powerful host! Or at least, I would have been able to do so in the ancient past, before the Devourer took my essence away. Nowadays, I am little more than an errant soul passing my abilities on to the new possessor of my power.]

"Who is the Devourer?" Phoebe asked, realizing he had mentioned this entity twice.

[I wish I could tell you.] The Sphinx said, shaking his head. [When I entered this Eternity, I still possessed the majority of my ancient power, but I entered the body of someone too formidable for me to control. He seized back control, stole most of my abilities, and attempted to eradicate me. I survived only by feigning death and jumping to a new host, but my memories, my thoughts, and my very _essence_ had been plundered. As such, I remember less than one percent of 'who I am'. In my prime, I could easily control the thoughts and actions of someone like you, let alone a weak little mortal such as Bahamut.]

Phoebe tensed up. She suddenly realized this Sphinx was not benign at all, and if he was telling the truth, she could have become his enslaved thrall if he were only a little bit stronger.

Luckily, the fact he was telling her this showed that he had lost all hope in restoring his power. He was only a faded memory of the Sphinx he once used to be.

After a moment, Phoebe's shoulders relaxed. "You... cannot control me?"

[Not anymore.] The Sphinx said. [Even if I miraculously regained my power a minute from now, I would not bother trying. I have long grown tired and lonely of existing. After the Devourer took my essence, I realized I no longer had the power to live on past this Eternity. As such, I have been looking for an inheritor to acquire what remains of my power.]

The Sphinx's eyes roved up and down Phoebe's body. [Jarnof was weak, servile, and inadequate. Bahamut was greedy, rapacious, and foul. You, however... _you_ are quite pleasing to my eyes. I have looked upon the memories of your past and found you to be somewhat worthy.]

Phoebe's heart jumped. "Wait... no, I think you have the wrong idea in mind. I am unworthy, great Sphinx."

[I told you before, your humility seems a virtue in the eyes of other humans, but to me, it reveals a lack of ambition. That is the reason I took the opportunity to speak to you, rather than immediately grant you what remains of my power. I still harbor doubts regarding your capabilities, or at least your _mindset_.]

The Sphinx frowned. [A Sphinx has the power to grant all of their abilities to a host, dying in the process. Few have ever chosen to do this. It does, after all, mean the end of our long-lived existence. My telling you this should make clear my intentions.]

"You want to die?" Phoebe asked in bewilderment. "But why? You said it yourself. You might be the last of your species."

[Either I am the last, or I am one of the last. The distinction no longer matters to me.] The Sphinx replied. [I am old, Phoebe. Older than you can possibly imagine. I have lived through one hundred and forty seven eternities. Think of it. You humans barely live to a hundred years. If each of those years was the length of an entire universe's lifespan, then I have lived as long as one and a half of the longest lived among your centenarians.]

That comparison shook Phoebe's mind. She lowered her eyes and stared at the ground, many thoughts swirling around in her head. It was at this moment she truly grasped just how unfathomably ancient the Sphinx was, or at least she grasped a tiny speck of understanding. She could never truly grok his current emotional state.

"So you are seeking an inheritor. Why?" Phoebe eventually asked, raising her head once more. "To carry on the traditions of your people?"

[No. Divines, no.] The Sphinx chuckled dryly. [My people have already been forgotten by the universe, save for the memories of the longest-lived Rulers still residing among the Cosmos. I don't care if my people are remembered anymore. If you wish to learn about us, I will educate you, but it is not my main reason in seeking an inheritor.]

The Sphinx sighed. [No, my reason is more boring than that. I may seem a long-lived immortal to the likes of you, powerful and mentally above the meager concerns of fleshly mortals. But in fact, I still have certain mortal inclinations that hold me back from terminating my existence. I don't want my entire life, my long long existence, to have been lived in _vain_. I do not wish to see all my accumulation thrown out like garbage.]

Phoebe was enlightened. "I see. So you think I would be a good inheritor, preserving what remains of your existence and even some of your memories, while you finally get to enjoy a peaceful rest knowing you left a mark on the cosmos."

[Good, very good.] The Sphinx praised, with the faintest smile. [It seems you're not the dullard you believe yourself to be. I sense there's more to you than even you know. Right now, you are not worthy of my power. But, perhaps knowing that such a reward is waiting for you someday, you may work harder, fight harder, and train your mind, spirit, and body to become a mortal worthy of my Gift.]

The Sphinx scratched a claw against his chin-fur thoughtfully. [I only gave a small portion of my power to Jarnof and Bahamut, as was the tradition among my people, but I did not speak to them or enlighten them as I am doing for you now. To be blunt, they were unworthy, especially that vile creature, Bahamut. Since I have shown myself to you, that should indicate in your mind that I am pinning a certain amount of hope on your future accomplishments, little one.]

A long pause followed. The Sphinx shrugged nonchalantly.

[Of course, you may end up dying, and I shall pass on to the one who slays you. Maybe they will be more worthy, or maybe they will not. The main reason I wish to find an inheritor is also due to one final reason...]

This time, the Sphinx paused for several long, drawn out seconds. His gaze became cloudy.

[The Devourer took my longevity from me. I am incapable of surviving this Eternity. I will perish at the end, no matter what. Only by finding an Inheritor can I potentially pass on my essence to the next Eternity, and the one after it, and the one after that as well. I will no longer be alive to 'enjoy' such an existence, but at least there will be the chance the heritage of my people continues long after I am gone. That is something worth celebrating.]

"I thought you didn't care if your people's heritage disappeared?" Phoebe challenged.

[I _don't_. Not in the abstract sense.] The Sphinx retorted. [But still... my weak inner self would hate if the Sphinx's legacy perished forever. Call it a selfish regret that holds me back from ascending my mind and spirit to the highest level, but I would prefer that at least a portion of our heritage survives.]

Phoebe sensed that her time with the Sphinx was drawing to an inevitable conclusion. This was the moment of truth, a crucial decision that would shape the rest of her life.

She did not rush into a decision. Instead, Phoebe sat down in the darkness, lowered her head, and closed her eyes.

She thought about many things, a great number of questions that needed answering before she could make a decision.

What sort of person was she?

What sort of person did she want to become?

Was she happy with the way her life had played out so far?

Would she be happy if it kept playing out in the way it had up to now?

Did she have confidence in herself?

These thoughts, and more, slowly rolled around in Phoebe's craw. She squeezed her hands together in a sort of praying position, but she did not pray to any higher power. She simply focused her mind.

After a long while, Phoebe slowly opened her eyes. She looked up at the Sphinx.

"What is your true name?" Phoebe asked.

[It has been lost to time.] The Sphinx answered. [Even I do not recall.]

"That's a lie." Phoebe said, waggling a judgmental finger at him. "The truth, now."

The Sphinx's mouth curved up into a smile. [Alright, so it's a lie. But my true name is too imposing for mortal ears. I worry it might make you faint from lust.]

"Try me." Phoebe said. "If I'm going to be your Inheritor, then I have to trust you, and I can't trust someone when I don't even know their name."

[Oh? So you're already thinking of accepting?] The Sphinx teased. [And you're willing to boss me around, even. It appears Phoebe Berthold has more of a backbone than she thought.]

The Sphinx spread out his arms grandly. [Very well then. Let me speak my true name to you, Lady Berthold. In the ancient tongue of the Sphinx, I was once known as...]

He puffed out his chest in a most braggadocios manner.

[**...ELRINHATHNELGORAMATHTANSUNGARSHIKUUL!**]

A long silence followed. Phoebe's jaw slackened slightly, and she looked at the Sphinx's pompous pose with dazed eyes.

"I... I... could you say it again? But.. maybe... a little slower?"

The Sphinx snorted. He lowered his arms and smirked at her.

[Impressive, isn't it? Such a beautiful name that you even want to hear its melody from my lips once more.]

"No... I just... I didn't even catch it the first time." Phoebe said. "Can you repeat it?"

[Of course. My name is Elrinhathnelgoramathtansungarshikuul!] The Sphinx said proudly.

"I still didn't quite... can you say it _slower_? Like syllable by syllable? It sounds like a lion is roaring at me. I can't make out anything definitive."

By now, the Sphinx had realized... Phoebe wasn't kidding. She really didn't catch his name at all.

[It is pronounced... ugh... how embarrassing... it's... Elrin-hathnel-goramath-tansu-ngar-shikuul!]

He paused before adding, [My mother gave me the name. It forms a song with the rest of my family name that means 'the handsomest cub who will grow the longest mane!]

"I'm... just... going to call you... _Elrin_. Okay?" Phoebe asked. "My mortal mind is... too limited to appreciate the majesty of your True Name."

The Sphinx scowled. It was obvious he didn't like the thought of his beautiful name being shorted to such a tiny disyllabic sound, but clearly the mortals of this era could not handle it otherwise. He ultimately relented.

[Fine. _Elrin_ it is.] The Sphinx grumbled, crossing his arms.

"Elrin is a beautiful name!" Phoebe praised. "And to us humans, it's very easy on the ears!"

Elrin was displeased, but arguing with a mortal, especially his Inheritor, was beneath his stature. So he begrudgingly changed the topic.

[Now that you and I have come to an understanding, Inheritor, we should resolve the external situation with great caution.]

"External situation? What do you mean by that, Lord Elrin?" Phoebe asked.

Elrin raised an eyebrow. He couldn't help but think 'Lord Elrin' _was_ a bit more imposing than he'd initially expected. It might be a bastardization of his true name, but... it wasn't the worst sound in the universe.

[I am referring to the group of people who are waiting for you to emerge from your meditation. Jason Hiro and the other teenagers. Jason knows more about the Sphinx than he should, and that fact worries me. I fear that he may not be as benign an individual as you perceive.]

Phoebe frowned. "I don't know Jason very well, but he seems a nice young man."

[Hah! Young to me, maybe. But to you? Your grandfather would call him _great-grandfather_. Even if he truly is a few hundred years old, it is nothing compared to the likes of me. I can see that he has some sort of selfish interest in empowering you with the lineage of the Sphinx, I simply don't know what it is. In either case, it is not appropriate for my Inheritor to be taking orders from a mere mortal like him.]

Elrin waved his paw grandiosely. [As such, you will need to work with me to play a little trick on the Wordsmith.]

Phoebe's frown deepened. She leaned backward, as if slightly recoiling from Elrin. "A trick? I don't know..."

[Deception is but one pillar in the art of war.] Elrin said matter-of-factly. [Tell me, Phoebe of Berthold, do you have a master? And if so, who are they? Is your master me? Is it Jason Hiro? Or is your master perhaps your fellow humans, who you will use your powers to serve and uplift?]

A moment passed as Phoebe pursed her lips.

"I do not have a master. I am my own master. Anything I would do for the Wordsmith, I would do out of gratitude, not because I placed myself below him."

[GOOD!] The Sphinx laughed. [You're already starting to get the picture! If you had said I was your master, I would have at least understood a little, but even I will pass on to the next realm someday, leaving you alone. For one who will eventually rise to the heights of the universe, you cannot look up to another; only to yourself.]

Elrin looked off into the distance, his appearance as majestic as the midday sun.

[It is lonely at the top, Phoebe Berthold. Never forget that fact. So long as you live an upright life and stand by the principles you believe in, you will become unbreakable. None will be able to taint your mind with witchcraft or skullduggery.]

After waiting to make sure his words had seemed into Phoebe's psyche, the Sphinx nodded.

[Now then. We must deceive the others. You mustn't tell them you have spoken to me. Keep my existence a secret. At the same time, you must demonstrate your worth to those currently surrounding you. I will not allow my future Inheritor to live her core years as the lackey of another, be they Wordsmith or Archangel or Demon Emperor or otherwise. As such, I will be granting you a small taste of the power that awaits you, should you continue to develop yourself properly.]

Elrin smiled. [Someday, when you have fully realized what becoming my Inheritor means, you will be able to properly appreciate the gift I am planning for you. But that day is still far from today, very far indeed...]

Phoebe stood up, then bowed heavily at the waist.

"Thank you, Lord Elrin." She said, her tone solemn. "I feel more at ease knowing you are here to protect and guide me. I was feeling out of sorts before I spoke to you, but now I have a bit more clarity than before. I cannot allow myself to be perceived as a bumbling ignoramus. It would besmirch your good name."

[Well said, Inheritor.] Elrin replied. [Now then, to begin, I must reshape your Mind Realm. It is barren and lackluster, but it seems you've already awoken a small spark of potential within. Given time, it may have blossomed into an average Mind Realm, but that is simply not good enough for the one who will take up my mantle someday.]

Phoebe sighed heavily. She once again felt that she was continuously wading further and further into a river without any visible banks on the opposite side. She only prayed she would be able to cross the river safely and make it to the other side without drowning.

"What must I do, Lord Elrin?" Phoebe asked.