Part 654: Torn Dimension

_Far-Future Era. Day 3, AJR. The world of Sharmur._

The midday sun slowly waned across the sky above Melodia. It dropped to the edge of the horizon, and a warm redness tinged the upper atmosphere. The sounds of hammering could be heard across the entire city as humans, monsters, and demons worked to repair and rebuild hundreds of structures. Like a swarm of ants, their numbers seemed incalculable from above. They were visible on every street, rooftop, porch, and other protrusion as far as the eye could see.

It was against this backdrop that a particularly eye-catching sight became visible far above them. Many people paused their work to wipe the sweat off their foreheads. They looked up to see a flaming figure slowly moving from east to west. With no airplanes or rockets or other technology taking to the sky, usually the only flying objects they would see were birds, bugs, harpies, fairies, the occasional drone delivering supplies, and a few very specific demons.

Beelzebub was one of those demons.

His figure cut through the air without trying to conceal himself. He drew plenty of attention, but he had become such a common sight that most people forgot about him within a few minutes of observing his movements.

Beelzebub reached the border of the city, where a massive mountain range stood to the west. This range extended not only along the west, but it also curved around and cut across the north as well. Two massive waterfalls could be seen, one that poured from the western side, and one from the north. The waters of each flowed together and formed the plus-shaped aquatic junction that Melodia had long ago been built around.

Access to fresh water was a necessity for humans. Demons also preferred it because it made certain things, such as bathing, more convenient. Technology was rather primitive on Sharmur, and the former humans and demons who had once lived on this world had no real access to the same plumbing utilities they had on old Earth.

Beelzebub's flight wasn't particularly fast. He had been busy for the last couple of days, and a lot was weighing on his mind. His speed decreased even further as he neared the western cliffside, found a rock outcropping that stuck tens of feet out above the valley below, and came to a stop atop that outcropping.

Beelzebub turned and stared out at the waning sun to the east. Far away, he could barely make out the ocean on the horizon. A vast forest stood between Melodia and that ocean, but with his keen devil vision, he could make out countless details mortals could not.

A long while passed. He sat down in a cross-legged position, a complicated expression playing upon his face.

Nobody in the galaxy knew who Beelzebub truly was. His connections, few though they were, had slowly been snuffed out one after the other over the last few years.

Ose might have been the only woman he loved, but she was dead.

Jason Hiro was a pain in his ass, but Beelzebub respected him. He was dead too.

Agares was gone.

So many... were gone.

Beelzebub rested his palms on his knees. His eyes turned fuzzy as he thought back on his life.

He pondered what sort of man he had become.

Was he satisfied with the way things were going?

Was he content with the state of the galaxy?

No.

For some reason, he felt a heavy burden had slowly begun to accumulate atop his shoulders. Many demons believed he was a Demon Deity now, but he wasn't. If the villains among his species took action, he could not protect humanity.

Heh.

'Protect humanity.'

Those words were nothing to his younger self but an absurdity. Why would he give a damn about these pathetic, weak, useless humans? He had no friends among them!

...Or did he?

There was one man. Kiari's husband, Saul.

He was... a good human.

But Beelzebub sensed, in his heart, the ugly truth. Saul was dead.

Just like Agares, Ose, and Jason. He had not survived the detonation of Tarus II. He had left his wife a widow, and Beelzebub had lost another friend.

The feeling was... indescribable.

Beelzebub lowered his eyes. He looked at the waterfall that pounded into the forest below, forcibly carving out a river that wound its way through the trees.

In many ways, this river was like the river of time. Time could make the impossible, possible. Even the deepest roots could be slowly softened and then ripped out, let alone when excessive force was applied.

"I am weak." Beelzebub said to nobody in particular. "Too weak. I have done nothing but fail my entire life."

A voice spoke out from behind Beelzebub. "Admitting one's weakness is a form of strength."

Beelzebub frowned. He had come here for solitude, yet this voice had slightly startled him.

He turned his head to see a human slowly walking toward him from behind. He couldn't sense the human's aura at all.

"And you are?" Beelzebub asked.

In the back of his head, Beelzebub suspected this strangely stealthy human wasn't a human at all. He might actually be Belial in disguise, here to prank the Overlord of Fission. This didn't entirely make sense, since Beelzebub had just spoken to her, but women could be strange sometimes.

"It's unfortunate that this is the first time we've met." The man said, his expression becoming an amiable smile. He sauntered over and extended his hand. "Siddhartha Gautama. But you may call me 'Buddha.'"

Beelzebub raised an eyebrow, but he still met Buddha's palm with a firm yet not too overbearing handshake.

"Beelzebub." He said, introducing myself. "Do you need something, _Buddha_? I'm trying to enjoy the sunset."

"Oh? Are you?" Budda asked, taking a step back. He walked over to the edge of the mountain, let his legs hang off the side of the cliff, and sat down without any fear of the thousand-meter fall. "It seemed to me that you were moping around, lamenting your life's failures. Perhaps I misheard."

Beelzebub snorted. He returned his attention back to the sunset and said nothing else.

Several minutes passed.

Beelzebub felt Buddha's continual gaze on his back. Finally, he turned around and glared at the man. "Do you have a problem?"

"Hm? A problem?" Buddha asked innocently. "I am simply enjoying the sunset, same as you."

"Yeah. _Ha-ha_. Very funny." Beelzebub spat.

"Sharmur is a beautiful world." Buddha said, looking off into the distance wistfully. He didn't seem to notice Beelzebub's annoyance. "The setting of the sun brings nightfall, and night leads into the new day, with new opportunities. A lot can change in a single day. I'm sure you know this all too well."

Beelzebub's eyes flickered. He remembered the fall of Tarus II, and the complete upheaval of the status quo that happened only a few days before.

"Yes." Beelzebub admitted, lowering his eyes. "A lot can change."

"I sense great loneliness from you, Beelzebub." Buddha said. "You feel as though you were once a figure destined for greatness. But now, despite having attained the power you once thought invincible in the universe, you have encountered a sky above the sky. The power of a Demon Emperor has turned out not to be much at all compared to that of a Cosmic."

Beelzebub softly sighed.

"I owe Jason Hiro a debt. I did so many awful things to him... I even killed his daughter. But he spared my life. In the end, I wasn't able to stop that catastrophe, and I wasn't even able to gut the _bitch_ who caused it."

"You couldn't pay Jason back." Buddha said.

"Right." Beelzebub muttered. "Couldn't... pay him back."

A minute of silence passed.

"Then what comes next?" Buddha eventually asked. "What are your plans?"

Beelzebub looked off into the distance. "I haven't a clue. Right now I'm only going through the motions."

Buddha eyed his profile from the side. "You have no goals right now. No purpose."

Beelzebub really wasn't sure why he was even having a conversation with this random human. Other than his odd lack of aura and somewhat otherworldly way of talking, Buddha didn't seem particularly special.

Perhaps Beelzebub was... simply bored at the moment. A little conversation helped to pass the time.

"I'm a demon. I've reached the peak of mortal demonic power. The only place left for me to go is up... to the level of Cosmic. But being a Cosmic isn't all sunshine and roses."

"Becoming a Cosmic is a heavy burden." Buddha agreed, nodding his head with a sagely slowness. "There are countless mortals and their machinations in our universe. But the number of Cosmics is a far, far smaller fraction. Cosmics are intended only to battle against other Cosmics. Interfering in the affairs of mortals is heavily punished by Akasha."

With a jolt, Beelzebub lifted his head. He looked at Beelzebub in surprise. "You know of Akasha?! Who are you?"

"I have friends in many places." Buddha said with a smile. "One of those friends is the Creator. He has told me about you on a few occasions. Unfortunately, you are no longer a Candidate, but you still have extreme potential. He sent me here to advise you."

Beelzebub's heart throbbed in his chest. He quickly stood up and gave Buddha a long, hard look.

"You're not a human." Beelzebub stated.

"Oh, I assure you, I am. You can kill the likes of me with a flick of your finger." Buddha replied. "Though, I would prefer if you didn't. Reincarnating is such a hassle."

Another bolt of electricity shot through Beelzebub's veins. He couldn't tell if the comment about reincarnation was a deception or a joke. How could it be true?!

"If you're here to 'advise' me, then what are you advising me about?" Beelzebub asked, his tone somewhat interrogative.

The human pressed his palms together thoughtfully. "'We' do not wish to see you lost and uncertain. I was sent here to give you a bit of direction."

He continued. "In recent days, you have seen fit to _slightly_ explore the greater possibilities of your demonic powers. You made an important discovery as a result of your talks with a certain Psion. Isn't that the case?"

Beelzebub blinked. "Executor Sartran. Yeah. He opened my eyes... made me realize that... I wield more than just the power of fire. I control lightning as well. Energy."

"And what have you done with that knowledge? Have you explored it further?" Buddha asked.

Beelzebub grimaced. "Not really."

"You have seized Sartran's soul. He is your puppet now. I would advise you to stop wasting this opportunity and speak to him as soon as possible." Buddha advised. "You have barely tapped into a fundamental Truth, but your absolute lack of curiosity is rather... infuriating. Even an average human would desire to explore their powers more than you have. You're the same as Jason Hiro in his early days, but you should be emulating his more recent accomplishments."

Beelzebub nodded. He looked down thoughtfully. "It seems like you're saying that becoming a Cosmic isn't all that important? Instead, I should become a more capable Peak Mortal?"

"You are a Demon Overlord." Buddha said, startling Beelzebub once again. "The other demons do not even realize such a level exists. They still believe Emperor is the highest strength your species can reach. Instead, Emperor is the limit of what soul manipulation can attain. Crossing the gap from Emperor to Cosmic is so difficult because it ignores the existence of the level in between! That is why demons were never able to break through for so many millennia."

"How the hell do you know about Demon Overlords?!" Beelzebub asked.

Buddha didn't reply. Instead, he faintly smirked, cocked his head, and gave Beelzebub a knowing look.

"...Right." Beelzebub said a few moments later. "The Creator."

"The Creator." Buddha affirmed. "But though the demons have not realized the rank of Overlord exists, that does not mean none have achieved it. Satan did, as well as Belial, Valac, and most recently, Crow. There is one other who holds the rank of Overlord. Can you guess who it is?"

Beelzebub fell silent for a time. He thought carefully.

"Auger, before his ascension to Middle Cosmic?"

"No." Buddha replied. "_Gorn._"

"What? Emperor Gorn is actually an Overlord??" Beelzebub asked, bewildered.

"That is right. Gorn has swallowed more souls that you can imagine. While the limit of soul manipulation is technically Emperor, that is only the soft limit. In theory, if one can devours tens or even hundreds of millions of souls, it is possible to push beyond that limit... but to become a Cosmic is utterly impossible. This is the limit set down by Akasha himself."

Buddha waved his hand. "Let us move on to other matters. Slaughtering innocents is an atrocity that goes against the will of the cosmos, but mastering one's own power is something worth rejoicing over. I believe I've given you enough basic guidance. Advanced knowledge cannot come from me, as I am no adept in the mastery of elements."

Buddha stood up. He stuck his hands in his pockets. "Now, if you wish to train in the martial way, that is something I can help you with."

"What, like hand-to-hand combat?" Beelzebub scoffed. "That's beneath me. Pass."

Buddha narrowed his eyes. "From your tone of voice, it seems you think physical combat is a lower form of fighting than flinging around fireballs and lightning. Did you not hear a word I said earlier? Training your current body to its maximum potential will make you far more fearsome than simply artificially inflating your strength by stepping into the Cosmic ranks. A fully actualized mortal, especially a Peak Mortal, is absolutely capable of defeating a Bottom Cosmic. The difference becomes even more dramatic as your power increases!"

"I can already beat anyone." Beelzebub bragged. "I don't need all this 'special training.' Mastering my magic is more than good enough for my goals."

"HAH!" Buddha laughed. "The young are truly foolish! Alright. I am but a mere human. If you think you are so formidable... what say we have a little match?"

By now, Beelzebub was sneering in his heart. "A match? Are you serious? You've been a funny man up until now, but I didn't take you for a clown. How do you intend to fight me? I might accidentally kill you when I blink my eyes!"

"If I die, then so be it." Buddha replied, unmoved by Beelzebub's threats. "I only intend to prove to you that you are far less formidable than you could be. How about this? We will spar for... ten minutes! If you can throw me onto my back or send me flying, I will never bother you again. But if you fail to do so, then you will meet me every day for the next six months atop this mountain. I will train you until you beg for death, and you will learn to love my methods!"

Beelzebub's pride swelled with irritation. "Ten minutes? This won't even take me ten seconds! If you want to turn your body into ground meat, then I'll humor you! When do we start?"

Buddha leaned backward and assumed a defensive pose.

"Right now."

---

_Far-Future Era. Day 3, AJR. Tarus II voidspace._

Crumbling ruins of a destroyed planet radiated outward across the Tarus system. Not only had the Trifrancium detonation obliterated the sole life-bearing planet in the system, it had also destroyed its moon. Debris from the detonation slowly flew outward in all directions. Someday, perhaps within a year, or hundreds of years, that debris would collide with the other worlds in the system and cause cataclysms everywhere. But that day would not come for a long time.

All that transpired within the Tarus system fell within the eyes of one Cosmic entity. She looked upon the lives lost with faint sadness. As a spirit artifact created by the ancient Archangel, Camael, the Phoenix held a certain love for life and was not made to wreak havoc and destruction upon the cosmos. She could be treated as a weapon, but she was never intended to be one.

"How tragic." The Phoenix said, for perhaps the hundredth time.

Inside the Cube, countless life-bearing micro-worlds spun in place, bunches of them grouped together and illuminated by false stars in order to form day and night cycles. The Phoenix's ample energy reserves allowed her to rapidly construct and improve on stellar phenomena, so she was extremely adept at forming worlds and stars for living beings.

A Sentry Star flew over to the Phoenix. Its massive size was dwarfed even further by her supermassive body, which by now had grown to become bigger than the Earth's moon.

[TASK COMPLETED. SECTOR 14 RUNNING AT 87.5% OPTIMUM EFFICIENCY.]

The Phoenix turned her attention to her assistant.

[That's all?]

[OPTIMAL LIFE-BEARING EFFICIENCY ACHIEVED. EMOTIONAL POSITIVITY INDEX OF INHABITANTS IN SECTOR 14 RATED AT SIX POINT SEVEN THREE THREE. FURTHER OPTIMIZATIONS NOT REQUIRED.]

The phoenix's face scrunched together into a frown. [Only 6.733 out of 10? We can do better than that. Is something not to their liking?]

[COMPLAINTS REGISTERED: LIVING SPACE INADEQUATE. LACK OF SUPERIOR-QUALITY BEDDING. LACK OF ADJUSTABLE LIGHTING. ALL COMPLAINTS DESIGNATED MINOR, NOT WORTH FOLLOWING UP.]

[The humans have suffered a terrible trauma.] The Phoenix said gently. [We should try to make their stay here more comfortable. I'm already working to add more connection matrices between each bubble world. You should improve their living conditions until the happiness index achieves at least an eight out of ten.]

[FURTHER OPTIMIZATIONS UNNECESSARY. ADDITIONAL IMPROVEMENTS WILL LEAD TO DIMINISHING RETURNS. RECOMMEND REFOCUSING ON MORE IMPORTANT CONCERNS.]

[Number 14, don't you get smart with me.] The Phoenix said, in a voice tone a mother might use to admonish her child. [You will do as I say. Continue improving the humans' living conditions.]

The Sentry Star seemed to shudder.

[COMMAND NOTED.]

Without another word, it instantly spun around, then launched off into the distance from a standstill, moving far faster than its size would imply was possible.

The Phoenix sighed again. [They've all become so naughty and belligerent while I was asleep. It seems I'm going to have to adjust their programming lat- HMM?! Who's there?]

The Phoenix suddenly turned her head. She looked to the side, and there she saw something shocking. A tiny crack between dimensions flickered for an instant, and a faint, malevolent aura seeped through. It vanished, but she remained fully alert.

[Who dares intrude upon this noble one's domain?!] The Phoenix shouted.

A moment later, space flickered again. Then again.

Her heart turned cold. That spatial flicker finally stabilized, leaving only a tiny pinprick of evil aura to spill into the Cube's interior. It wasn't anything that would harm the humans, but its owner...

[You! To think you were still alive!] The Phoenix roared.

[Heh heh heh... Phoenix... so it is you. I thought I sensed your aura again.] A male voice said, his tone deep and sinister as the bottom of an ocean. [Have you missed me?]

The Phoenix turned her entire body to face the spatial crack. Her eyes narrowed to slits.

[The fact you haven't come here in person... are you afraid this ancient one will seal you back up?]

[You've regained some of your power.] The male voice said. [But it is not worth mentioning compared to this god. I have spent three eons stabilizing my position in the galaxy. My power grows by the cycle. Soon, I will be capable of contesting the position of Ruler.]

The Phoenix's eyes flickered. [This aura... Apex Cosmic? But if you're so strong, then why are you afraid of me?]

[I'm not.] The male said. [I just felt... nostalgic. All those years you tortured this god... I want you to know I'm still alive. I want you to know the fear of my existence. Now, you will not be able to do your work uplifting that pitiful species of 'humans' while knowing I have the absolute advantage. My followers are powerful enough to blot out the stars. I have spared no expense in raising them.]

He chuckled menacingly. [I've practically finished the race, while you have yet to begin. This battle is already decided. Once I get my hands on you, I'll be repaying you for all those eons of torture!]

The Phoenix's flames ignited with wrath. Her burning gaze seemed to bore through the hole between dimensions.

[This noble one may not be your match now, but are you truly so certain I will lose?! Evilspawn. This noble one has known of your existence since I returned. You did not surprise this noble one. You do not intimidate this noble one. You are but a fragment of a long-dead ancient power. If you are an 'Apex Cosmic' then you are a bottom feeder among their lofty ranks.]

[Well spoken, tormentor.] The male said, seeming to grin with his words. [Spit all the fire you want. It no longer matters. This god has already won. Heh heh heh...]

With a wave of her wing, the Phoenix forcibly smashed the spatial storm, sending a pulse of feedback along the dimensional rift and hopefully injuring her ancient adversary.

The Phoenix's eyes momentarily clouded. She fell into thought for thirty short minutes.

[Number 1. Adjust the Cube's heading.] She said, transmitting her thoughts to one of the Sentry Stars. [Take us to the Sharmur system.]

[ORDERS RECEIVED.] Sentry Star Number 1 replied.