Part 664: The Weakest Superhumans

_January 29th, 2021. 4PM. Voronezh, Russia. Inside Nadia's Room..._

Daisy eyed her three friends with disbelief. For all of them to have powers all at once... this was something she really couldn't wrap her head around. But the fact they were all her closest friends implied that, somehow, in some way, she might be the cause.

Had she accidentally uplifted Marco, Sasha, and Nadia, granting them superhuman powers?

Daisy immediately decided to get down to the bottom of the matter.

"So you all have powers." Daisy said carefully. "Then we need to go somewhere more private. I want to see each of your abilities, one by one. I happen to know quite a lot about superhuman abilities, and I know for a fact you could draw extremely negative attention to yourselves if the wrong people find out."

Sasha nodded. "I figured as much. That's why I always kept my head down and never revealed what I could do."

"Where should we go?" Marco asked. "I'm really scared of hurting someone with my ability..."

Daisy smiled. "I have just the place. Everyone, come closer."

Daisy reached out her hand. She grabbed Marco and Sasha's shoulders, then had Nadia touch her waist. A moment later, all of them vanished from the spot.

They reappeared inside a giant abandoned warehouse, somewhere so far from civilization, deep in the savage northwestern tundras of Russia, that all the ambient background noise of cars and lawn mowers outside abruptly disappeared. Instead, only the loud whistling of cold wind against the broken steel exterior wall panels drew anyone's attention.

"What just- where are we?!" Marco asked, pulling away and looking around the warehouse in shock.

"Teleportation?!" Nadia asked, immediately identifying what just happened with a superhuman level of intuition. "You teleported us?"

"That's right." Daisy said, looking at Nadia in surprise. "I can't believe you figured it out so quickly. I can teleport anywhere on Earth instantly. It's one of my most important abilities... though it does have a few limitations."

She didn't elaborate on what those limitations were.

"Um... Sasha? Why don't you start by showing us all your powers first?" Daisy said, turning to her closest friend.

Suddenly put on the spot, Sasha's usually vibrant and outgoing personality disappeared. She clammed up, her palms turning sweaty as she felt everyone's eyes fall on her.

"I... me? I don't know... I mean, my power is kind of... neat... but it's also... not as cool as yours, Daisy..."

On any other day, Sasha would swagger around confidently, winking playfully as she led the others on. But this time, she truly felt a sense of inferiority in Daisy's presence. The ability to heal such a horrible body condition as what Nadia was experiencing, plus the worldwide teleportation? And Daisy even implied she had other powers too. Sasha felt she couldn't measure up to the friend she previously considered her equal.

"I should start first then." Daisy offered. "I'll go first, then Sasha, then Nadia, then Marco. How's that sound?"

Marco exhaled. "Uh... haha, yeah. I do always say 'ladies first'. Plus my power is... really weird..."

Daisy raised an eyebrow. She truly wanted to know more, but she was willing to wait.

"Well, I actually have a lot of Heroic Abilities." Daisy said, raising her eyes to look up at the sky in thought. "When I was a child, I could heal just about any injury, even lost limbs. I didn't have that power for the last 10 years, but I regained it recently when I met my father again. I can teleport, I have enhanced strength, durability, and stamina... I'm also telepathic."

"Telepathic? You can read our thoughts?" Nadia asked.

Daisy's heart skipped a beat, fearing she'd suddenly lost her friend's trust. But before she could assure them she'd never read their thoughts, Nadia spoke again.

"How could you be a telepath? You'd have known about all our powers years ago. I don't know about the rest of you, but I certainly think about _my_ power constantly..."

Sasha looked at Nadia, then she looked at Daisy. She cocked her head, as if to say _she has a point..._

"I practiced restraining my telepathy for years." Daisy explained. "I only use it in very specific settings, and never on my friends or family. In the past, I found that it made far too many problems crop up, and it felt extremely invasive on a personal level. I only use it now when my uncle dispatches me on special missions."

The other three gave Daisy strange looks. She suddenly realized that those were not the sorts of things they had ever heard her talk about.

"What... special missions?" Nadia asked, narrowing her eyes.

"Yeah. You never mentioned those to me." Sasha said accusingly, while crossing her arms.

This time, Daisy couldn't answer their questions immediately. She looked off into the distance, remaining quiet for a minute.

"I'm not... an ordinary girl." Daisy said quietly. "I was born with powers beyond what I've mentioned so far. My father is a world-changing powerhouse, and from what I've seen, my grandfather is, too. From the time I turned thirteen, Uncle Vasily started sending me on increasingly dangerous covert operations. I've killed terrorists, subdued mass shooters, and neutralized bombs. I've also foiled assassination attempts on President Putin, and all sorts of other things you probably wouldn't believe."

"You've killed people?" Sasha asked, her voice becoming quiet. "_You_?"

"About thirty people, yes." Daisy answered.

All her friends fell silent. They looked at Daisy with new eyes. She seemed unmoved by the bodies she'd left in her wake. She was more concerned with their reactions than she was about actually killing people.

"They were evildoers." Daisy said dismissively. "People only I could stop. You remember the Pilnov Bomber who was set to blow up that mall two years ago? I took him out inside a closed room. He thought he'd be able to see the police coming and blow the building up, along with all the hostages, but I teleported behind him, cut off his head, and saved hundreds of lives."

Not only did Daisy look unmoved by her actions, but she even appeared proud. There wasn't a hint of regret in her words or body language, but rather, pride in herself.

"I hate bad guys. Bad people. Villains. Monsters. _Demons._" Daisy said slowly. "I have no regret about eliminating threats to save lives."

"That's admirable." Marco said, finally nodding along in acceptance. "The Pilnov Bomber detonated several bombs across the city before you killed him. He would have definitely killed more."

"Yeah." Sasha said, sighing under her breath. "It's fine. You've had a hard life, but you're not some _psycho_ serial killer. The military kills terrorists and villains all the time. That makes you the good girl, in my book."

Daisy nodded and smiled. "I have some other powers, like my ability to project images from my mind into the real world. But... I've not had a lot of success with that one. It's too sporadic and uncontrollable."

"That's fine, you don't need to tell us anything else." Sasha said, holding up her palm. "I'll just tell you guys my power next."

She hesitated, then looked around the warehouse. She found a metal table nearby with some tools stacked on it, then she grabbed a wrench off its top.

"I... don't think my power is all that great." Sasha said. "But basically, I can do this."

She held the wrench up. A glowing light emerged from her hand for a moment. Suddenly, the wrench began to decay and rust at a rate visible to the naked eye. Then, it abruptly lost cohesion and fell apart, turning into sand within her grasp. The particles slipped between her fingers and fell to the ground in an ashy pile.

"Holy... what... what did you even do?" Marco gasped, looking at her with widened eyes. "You turned that wrench into smoke!"

"It seems as if you made it fall apart at the molecular level." Nadia said, her words proving insightful yet again. Her eyes flashed with metaphorical light. "The collapse ratio was most speediest at the upper and lower ends of the wrench, but the most thorough collapse in its molecular structure occurred on the parts your hand directly gripped."

Daisy shot Nadia another look of surprise. She always knew Nadia was smart, but her ability to intuit things bordered on the supernatural.

"Yeah, it's some sort of molecular-cohesion ability." Sasha said. "It's even a little more complex than what I just showed you. Watch."

She grabbed two more tools off the table. In her right hand, she held an extremely rusted steel pipe, and in her left, a tire iron in otherwise good condition.

After a few seconds, the tire iron rapidly began to rust, and then it fell apart into dust, just like the wrench from before.

But the steel pipe didn't fall apart. Instead, it became cleaner, sharper, and much more 'pristine' looking than before. It was as if she restored it back to the way it looked when it first rolled off the factory line.

"Molecular transference?!" Nadia exclaimed. "You transferred the properties of the higher quality tire iron to the much shabbier steel pipe, thus restoring it back to new. Am I right?"

"It's probably something like that." Sasha said slowly. "But this is all I can do. I'm useless otherwise. I never have any reason to turn things into dust, and I certainly don't want to accidentally hurt or kill someone, so I suppress my ability in social situations."

"It may have more uses than you expect." Nadia said. "We'll have to find new ways to use it later."

Daisy finally spoke the words she'd been desperately holding in. "Sasha's powers are indeed interesting, but I find _you_ even more fascinating right now, Nadia. What is your power, exactly? Can you finally tell us?"

The frail and thin girl looked up at Daisy with a look of sadness. Then she looked at the ground.

"I can... understand things. But the price I pay is high. I bring my body to ruin every time I use my ability."

"Understand things." Daisy repeated, mulling her words over. "What do you mean by that?"

Nadia didn't reply. She rubbed her arm sheepishly, then averted her eyes way off to the side.

"I... I've been..." Nadia mumbled, before stopping.

"You've been what?" Sasha asked. "Nadia, are you okay? You can tell us. We won't get mad."

"I've been lying to all of you! To everyone!" Nadia suddenly shouted, making the other girls jump. "I cheated. I cheated through all of school! I couldn't keep up with anyone else unless I used my power, but using my power broke my body down, made my bones brittle... and that made it more and more painful for me to study, so I felt like I was in a miserable loop where the only way to progress was by continuing to sabotage myself..."

Nadia flopped to the ground. She crossed her legs under her skirt and sat on her butt with a dejected look on her face.

"My brain is special, okay? I can understand stuff just by looking at it and concentrating. It's how I understood Sasha's power. But even though Daisy healed my bones, I felt them weaken again. If I keep using my power, I'll just go right back to the way I was before. A 'smart' but useless cripple, suffering in agony. Day after day!"

"Oh, Nadia..." Sasha said gently. "No, you can't... you can't think like that. You're not useless. That power of yours sounds really useful! And since Daisy can heal you, that means she can nullify its downsides, right? It's certainly better than my ability to make things rusty or not-rusty!"

Daisy glanced at Sasha. She wasn't entirely certain Sasha's power was useless in the least, but for now, it was better to just try and make Nadia feel better.

"Sasha's right. Brain-based powers are really rare." Daisy said. "I only know of Solomon and Madam Mildred as being ancient Heroes with big brains. I'll heal you any time you need it, Nadia. You should just focus on making yourself smarter and smarter!"

Nadia still looked glum, but the encouragement from her friends brightened her day, even if only a little. "Thank you, everyone... I do feel there's more hope than before, with Daisy's healing abilities. I still feel afraid to use my powers... but maybe I can have a little more courage, moving forward."

"Heck yeah!" Marco chimed in. "Even if you think your power sucks, I guarantee my power is worse than ALL yours. It's seriously... _so_ bad, guys..."

Daisy finally turned to look at Marco. He was the last one to reveal his power, and she was growing more curious by the minute.

"So?" Daisy asked. "How does yours work? What is it?"

Marco's demeanor grew pensive. He shuffled back a step or two.

"I... I don't know if I should use it. It's kinda scary. The thought of misusing it frightens me." Marco said.

"I'm here. If anyone gets hurt, even mortally wounded, I can bring them back from the brink of death." Daisy said. "No matter how scary it is, you have to be brave. Do we need to put some distance between us and you?"

"No, you should be safe..." Marco said hesitantly. "It's just... I've only used my power three times. The first time was an accident. The second time was a test. The third time was... a tragedy..."

He squeezed his left wrist with his right hand, massaging his veins with even greater hesitation than before. After a moment, he looked around the warehouse and found a pile of loose bricks sitting on a pallet.

"I'll... aim for that." Marco said, turning to face it.

The girls all looked at one another. They took a few steps back and watched the pallet of bricks even more intensely than Marco did.

Slowly, deliberately, Marco raised his right arm. He held out his hand.

He snapped his fingers.

The pallet of bricks vanished from the spot.

Daisy's eyes popped open. The other girls gasped.

Not only were the pallet and all the bricks gone, but there was a perfectly smooth hole where they had sat, sunken into the ground. It looked like a giant orb had landed in soft mud and been pulled out, leaving a depression behind.

Before the girls could utter a word, the pallet abruptly reappeared, perfectly filling the depression back in, and appearing exactly the same as it did before.

Exactly one second had passed from the moment he snapped his fingers, it disappeared, and it reappeared.

Question marks popped up over Daisy's head.

"Wha... what happened?" Daisy asked. "You deleted it from existence? Then brought it back?"

Marco shook his head wryly.

"I don't know, Daisy."

"You don't know?" She repeated.

"I've only snapped my fingers three times in my life." Marco replied. His tone was sullen and resentful. "The first time, I accidentally 'deleted' the wall of my bedroom. For a split-second, the ceiling started to sag like it was about to collapse on me, but then the walls reappeared inside of the collapsing... well, it held the structure up, barely. I had to evacuate my family and told them the ceiling just started sagging out of nowhere. I'm not sure if they believed me."

"The second time was different." Marco said. "A week later, I grew a little more confident. I went over to the park and tried 'snapping' a tree out of reality. I fucked up. I only erased part of the tree at its bottom, and the upper half fell down, nearly crushing me to death. It slammed into the ground just a few feet on my left... I'm lucky I survived."

"Oh." Daisy mumbled.

Marco had nearly killed his family, and then he had nearly killed himself. It was no wonder he was scared to use his power.

"What about the third time?" Sasha asked.

Marco's expression deflated even further. He sunk to the ground and sat down in a disheveled pile, not dissimilar to how Nadia looked just a few minutes earlier.

"That one was the worst." Marco said under his breath.

He was quiet for a moment.

"The neighbor's dog was always barking. Always heckling me when I walked past. It was a big dog. A German Shepherd."

He continued.

"One day, it got loose. Broke through the gate and charged at me. I got scared since I was only 13, walking home alone. I snapped my fingers and made the dog disappear, along with part of the ground it was standing on. A second later, the dog reappeared... and it was dead."

"Dead? Your power killed it?" Daisy asked.

She was suddenly a lot more interested in... _whatever_ his ability was.

"Yeah. Extremely dead." Marco muttered. "It was just a dog, man. Scary at the time to a scrawny teenage 'me', but if anyone was at fault, it was the dog's owners. I shouldn't have killed him, man. I shouldn't have done it..."

"You couldn't have known." Daisy said, walking over and sitting beside Marco. She squeezed his shoulder reassuringly. "You were only a kid. You tensed up. And in the end, it was an aggressive dog... what if it had attacked another kid and mauled them or something? You saved a life!"

"_Might_ have saved a life..." Marco said glumly. "Anyway, this power is shit and I hate it! It's cursed. It causes only pain and death. It almost killed me, and my family, and it DID kill a dog. I feel sick to my stomach, just thinking about using it."

Daisy scratched her head. In that moment, she realized that she couldn't really empathize with Marco's thoughts. He was way more innocent than her. She'd killed tens of people already, and she was only 18 years old. It wasn't as if Marco had stomped a puppy to death in cold blood, but had merely defended himself in the only way he knew how when an aggressive dog attacked him. Despite this, he fully blamed himself and felt deep guilt over his actions.

"Look, Marco... this power of yours isn't a curse. I believe that all Heroic Manifestations have a purpose or can be put to good use. Since you haven't tested your power much, why don't we try figuring out how it works so you can put it to better use in the future?"

"I don't know if I can." Marco said, still unable to look her in the eyes. "I think about that poor dog all the time. What if I 'snap' somebody's kid? What if I accidentally collapse a building and kill its occupants? There's too many things that can go wrong."

He finally looked up at the warehouse's torn-apart ceiling, with its patchwork roof that allowed cold and snowy sunlight to shine down from above.

"I'm just... _afraid_, Daisy. What if all I'm good for is killing and causing harm? I'd much rather have a power like your healing magic. I could travel the world, heal the sick, save lives... but this power is just a curse."

At that moment, a loud male voice spoke up from behind Marco, causing all the teenagers to jump in alarm.

"NO. You are wrong. Your power is NOT a curse."

Daisy's heart jumped out of her chest. She quickly stood up and turned around, where she saw a familiar man standing only two arms-lengths away.

"Dad?!" Daisy exclaimed. "You're here? Why are you here?"

_And why can't I read your thoughts?_ Daisy wondered, as she stared at the man before her.

Jason Hiro stood casually, as if materializing inside a warehouse out of nowhere was not even a matter worth discussing. He smiled at the teenagers one by one before fixing his gaze on his daughter.

"Hey, Daisy. Long time, no see. I suddenly felt like I was missing you, so I wanted to find out how you were doing. So I came here. And look at what I found... you have super-powered friends! And each one has an extremely unique and useful ability!"

Marco had already jumped to his feet. He stood a few feet behind Daisy and looked at the 'man' standing before him.

"Uhh... this guy is your... father?" Marco asked. "He looks maybe 20 years old, if that."

"I can change my body's appearance if I want. I just don't feel like doing so right now." Jason said. "Marco, Nadia, Sasha. It's good to meet all of you. I am Jason Hiro, the... Archseer."

He paused, then slightly cocked his head.

"Say... it's the weekend now. How would you kids like to take a little field trip and see something Daisy's old man cooked up, eh?"

He grinned.

"You think your parents would be cool with you disappearing for a day or two?"

Marco's expression brightened. "My dad won't mind. I'll have to call my mom and let her know, though."

"I can just tell my daddy I need to take a business trip. He never minds as long as I bring a couple bodyguards." Sasha replied.

"There won't be any problems on my end." Nadia concluded.

With their answers given, Jason nodded. "Alright. I'll let you guys make your calls, and then we'll be off."

Daisy stared at Jason. "And where are you taking us, dad? Some new secret base of yours?"

Jason's grin widened even further.

"Oh, honey, my new spot is... _out of this world!_"