Part 732: Prison Break

_Reldis-02. South-side Prison, Minimum Security Wing. Stardate 207.715 of the Ancient Volgrim Empire._

Unarin and Vedric made their way out of the maximum security wing into the middle security wing. Along the way, they encountered several groups of prison guards, but these Volgrim were much weaker than the ones who regularly handled the maximum security wing. They barely managed to put up a fight before the two Ascended brutally slaughtered them.

[Are you sure you're okay with all this murdering?] Vedric asked Unarin as they climbed the stairs to the minimum security wing. [We're going to be fugitives after this.]

[If I had not ascended, I would have perished already.] Unarin said matter-of-factly. [These Volgrim sent me here to die. How many others have they punished in such a way? Those who are willing to kill should not feel surprised when they themselves end up dead. This much is only fair; the law of the jungle and of decency. As for the act of killing itself, I am far from unfamiliar with such a thing. Many have fallen at my hands already.]

The two Ascended did not open their mouths to speak. Their words transmitted to each other telepathically, not because they possessed telepathic abilities, but because of their _Haa'ti_.

It hadn't taken Unarin and Vedric much time to realize their new hair-tendrils had many more purposes than mere decoration. The Haa'ti functioned as eight additional limbs, so they could be used for movement and performing tasks. The eight appendages had all kinds of other strange and bizarre properties as well. They could shrink and stretch, they could change their shape to stab and slash, they were extremely durable, and they also granted both Ascended the ability to communicate with one another when within a certain range. 

Through some unknown mechanism, the Haa'ti acted like wireless receivers. The two Ascended became connected to each other when they within a hundred steps of one another, and could transmit thoughts, images, even emotions. Unarin felt closer to Vedric than he ever had anyone else in his life... including his Progenitor.

[I served in the military for two decades before I rose to my position at Father Zaeed's Temple.] Vedric replied. [I, too, have killed many. It is good to see we are both of equal mind on this matter.]

As they marched into the minimum security wing, Vedric paused at the entrance. [Go inside and do what you must. I will stay here and await your return.]

[No need.] Unarin transmitted. [Go to the registry and hack the prisoner archives. Find anyone worth recruiting, then return and bring their names to me. We will need greater numbers if we are to get out of this situation alive.]

[Alright. I shall do that.] Vedric said.

Vedric glanced down at his figure. Once again, he marveled at how his aged and decrepit body had returned to its youthful vigor. He felt as if he had gone from 85 orbits of age all the way back down to the prime of his life, shortly before he had entered the Temple. His mind moved speedily, and his muscles rippled with power.

Becoming an Ascended felt to him as if he had discovered the Fountain of Youth. He likely had many good decades still remaining before he passed.

Vedric turned to leave, but then he paused to look back at Unarin.

[Brother. When I reached the Cosmic Realm, I managed to climb seventy-three steps before my willpower ran dry. How far did you make it?]

Unarin paused. A long several seconds passed before he replied.

[One hundred and fourteen steps.] Unarin eventually answered.

[I knew it!] Vedric gasped. [The Rulers watching me seemed alarmed that as a mortal I had climbed so far, but they didn't seem impressed. You're even more of a monster than I thought!]

Unarin chuckled. [I am nothing much. Let us hurry before reinforcements arrive, Vedric.]

[Of course.]

Vedric continued on his way, splitting off from Unarin while Unarin entered the minimum security wing. Unlike the maximum security wing, this one was brightly illuminated. Vedric had not cut the power here. Thus, when Unarin started walking down the hallways, the prisoners could easily see him.

"What?!"

"A monster? An abomination!!"

"W-what is that thing?!"

Cries of fear and terror quickly rose up as the Technopaths and Changelings imprisoned here, most of them the latter, began crying out in wide-eyed alarm as they saw the hideous creature walking down their hallways.

Perhaps to a Terran, an Ascended might seem visually similar to any other Volgrim, but to the Volgrim, this was not the case at all. Every single facet of Unarin's appearance made him look like a freakish, hideous chimera of sorts. His facial anatomy was wrong. His body proportions appeared bizarre. His Haa'ti looked alien and alarming, and the way his razor-sharp toe-claws _clinked_ against the ground made his approach sound frightening beyond belief.

When Unarin swiveled his head from side to side to try and look for Muuxunuu and Randis, he spotted many other Changelings backing into their cells, looking at him with terror in their eyes.

Changelings did not usually express emotions, not even fear. Thus, when these prisoners did so, it showed how frightening his appearance was to them. It broke the limits on their mental conditioning.

In the eyes of both subspecies, the Changelings and the Technopaths, Unarin was like a skinwalker. He resembled a ghoulish abomination assembled from pastiches of multiple different Volgrim subspecies... and not in a flattering way. His tiny, beady eyes gave him the air of a predator. His clawed feet made him look like an animal. His Haa'ti swaying behind his back made him look like a thug and a hoodlum.

On top of all that, Unarin was practically naked! His prisoner outfit had torn to shreds, being far too small for his new body. It clung to him in strips of fabric, making him resemble a wild animal that couldn't properly wear clothes.

Unarin ignored the cries of fear from the prisoners around him. This lack of reaction scared them even more. It was as if a psychopath lacking Volgrim feelings was walking in their midst. A few prisoners even fainted from terror when Unarin casually glanced at them.

"Not the sturdiest grade of individuals." Unarin muttered to himself quietly.

Unarin walked half the cell block before he spotted someone familiar. Unarin paused and turned to face a cell, where he spotted Randis and Muuxunuu together, both of them immediately shrinking back in fear from his gaze.

"Ahh!" Muuxunuu cried out, shrinking back into the corner. "M-m-monster!!"

"W-what is that thing?" Randis whimpered, pressing itself so hard against the wall that it seemed the Changeling was trying to turn into wallpaper to hide itself. "We're going to die!!"

The screams of terror outside the cells didn't help the two Changelings and their states of mind. With dozens of other Changelings crying in fear, it was clear the entire cell block had been thrown into chaos.

Unarin stood, unmoving, for a few moments.

Then he spoke.

"Randis. Is that any way to speak to the one who saved your life?"

Randis shivered. The monster's voice was deep and menacing, decidedly masculine. The Changelings almost couldn't even parse its words, so terrified were they.

"Randis. Muuxunuu." Unarin said slowly. "There is no need to be alarmed. It is I. Unarin."

Randis and Muuxunuu shuddered. Their eyes widened, as difficult as that was for Changelings to even do, and they looked at the creature before them with horror.

"You... you... Unarin?" Randis asked, teeth chattering nonstop. "No. A lie! A deception! If you are Unarin, then what did those jailers do to you?!"

"They did nothing to me." Unarin said, his tone calm and measured. "Randis. I was with you and Muuxunuu when we executed the Thumper Gang. That was only one night ago. As for this body, I have not become a monster. I have... _ascended_. I have become a new form of life. A new Volgrim subspecies, above all the others."

The more Unarin talked, the more Randis and Muuxunuu calmed down. His words were reasonable, and his posture non-threatening. The fact he could speak meant he was not some rabid beast, and therefore could be reasoned with. The idea that he was actually Unarin seemed a little plausible, but his other claims seemed somewhat far-fetched.

Randis narrowed its eyes. It carefully took a step away from the wall.

"You are... Unarin?" Randis questioned. "Truly?"

"I am he." Unarin answered.

Several seconds passed. Randis carefully looked Unarin up and down, trying to match details it knew about Unarin to the strange creature before it. Ultimately, it was Muuxunuu who stepped forward.

"This one is familiar with Unarin. The creature before us speaks in the same way Unarin would. Its skin is the same color as Unarin, and it even has the same speckled-patterns on its shoulders and head. Whether it is truly an 'Ascended' life form as it claims, or whether Unarin was experimented on until it became this creature, that is the only question left in this one's mind."

Unarin smiled. "You have a good memory, Muuxunuu. Do you remember when we were inside the nebula being chased by the X-73 Vantablack? While you were clearly afraid of death, you kept your emotions muted then, much more so than a few moments ago. It seems you are not as emotionless as you like to believe."

Muuxunuu blinked, then lowered its head. "This Ascended is Unarin. Without a doubt."

The two Changelings visibly relaxed. They looked at Unarin with eyes full of expectation. Already, the noise outside had died down a lot, and many Changelings had drawn closer to the bars to listen as Unarin spoke. While the ones further away had no idea what was going on, the closest Changelings could hear Unarin's words, and they relayed those words to other Changelings further down the line.

"What caused this... transformation?" Muuxunuu asked after walking closer to the prison cell bars.

"That is a long story." Unarin replied. "Simply put, I discovered that there has been a grand conspiracy to deceive countless Volgrim across the entire Empire. By unraveling that conspiracy, I attained enlightenment, and thus, I was able to elevate my mind, body, and soul to a new level."

A momentary silence fell before Unarin lifted his hand to point a finger at Muuxunuu.

"You and Randis can also obtain this power, if your minds are strong, and your willpower firm."

Muuxunuu hesitated. "How... does this... 'power' work?"

Randis walked over and stopped beside Muuxunuu. The obsidian-skinned Changeling's eyes flared up with interest. "How powerful have you become, Unarin?"

It was clear at a glance that Muuxunuu's will was not as sturdy as Randis. Even though the two of them had cowered in fright earlier, they had both gotten over their fears quickly. But now, it was the fear of the unknown that threatened to hold them back. Only, Randis conquered his fear much more swiftly than Muuxunuu.

"I cannot answer that question properly." Unarin replied. "But, to summarize in a word, I have become... stronger."

Randis blinked. Unarin's description was anything but specific. Even so, Randis was drawn in by Unarin's charismatic tone.

"Can this one also become... stronger?" Randis asked.

"Of course." Unarin answered. "But there is a chance you might die. The ascension process is dangerous. If you are not absolutely certain, you should remain as you are."

"This one is certain." Randis said, immediately stepping toward the cell bars. "This one tires of standing by while atrocities happen. Only with strength can this one rise up against the flawed system imprisoning all of us. This one wishes to become a player in the great game of politics, not a mere playing piece."

Unarin and Randis locked eyes. After several seconds of silence, Unarin nodded.

"Very good then."

He reached out, grabbed the cell door, and tore it off his hinges, making the other two gasp in shock. He wasn't lying. His strength was monstrous!

Unarin took a step forward. He reached out a finger, then he touched Randis's forehead.

The effect was immediate. Randis closed its eyes, then the Changeling's body instantly began to morph. At once, the Changeling stopped being a genderless entity, and his body became gendered. He grew outward more than upward, only rising a few centimeters in height, but his muscles drastically changing as his body inflated in mass. From a tall, gangly creature with no muscle mass to speak of, he became a powerhouse rippling with strength. His eyes shrunk. Haa'ti grew from the back of his head. He quickly came to resemble the same sort of species as Unarin, but a closer look would reveal the two of them had their own differences.

"I... I succeeded." Randis said, his deep voice momentarily startling himself. "I made it up the staircase..."

He blinked and looked around the cell. Then he looked at his body. He couldn't help but lift his hands and marvel at the strength contained within his palms.

"How many steps did you climb?" Unarin asked.

Randis blinked. He puffed out his chest and grinned, an expression that would have been uncharacteristic of himself less than a minute before.

"One hundred and seventy five!" Randis boasted. "And you?"

"One hundred and fourteen steps." Unarin said with a smile. "You have bested me, Randis."

"Hahaha!" Randis laughed wildly before clapping a palm on Unarin's shoulder. "There is nothing to be ashamed of. The Rulers gave me a boon due to my exploits! I used it well!"

Unarin patted Randis's shoulder back. He did not ask Randis what boon he had requested of Akasha.

"Muuxunuu?" Unarin asked, turning to the final remaining member of the trio. "Are you willing to risk Ascension as well?"

Muuxunuu glanced back and forth between Unarin and Randis. There was no fear in the Changeling's eyes. Seeing was believing. Now that Randis served as confirmation of what could be obtained, Muuxunuu did not wait any longer.

"This one is ready."

Unarin nodded. Less than a minute later, Muuxunuu's body rapidly morphed and shifted. No longer genderless, the Changeling became the first female Ascended of their species, though her body was no less powerful than either of the other two. Her voice downshifted in pitch slightly, and her appearance became... quite attractive to both of the other two. It was as if their sensibilities had immediately changed after Ascension.

"You succeeded." Unarin said warmly, smiling at the newest member of his species. "Congratulations."

"How many steps did you climb?" Randis immediately asked.

Muuxunuu touched her face and examined her hands. She looked at a mirror on the wall and felt that her new appearance was... sublime.

"I only managed to climb one hundred and fifty four steps." Muuxunuu said, her voice soft. "It seems Randis is the most powerful of us now."

Unarin gently squeezed Muuxunuu's shoulder. "Do not sell yourself short. We are, all of us, powerful. And together? We will become unstoppable."

Unarin turned to face the other prisoners.

"All of you have seen who I am and what I can do. My only question to you now is... are you willing to remain locked behind bars? Will you choose to take a chance on Ascension and become one of us?!"

Several nearby Changelings grabbed the bars of their cells and shivered with excitement. Seeing was believing, and Unarin had proven multiple times that he could accomplish this seemingly impossible feat with merely a touch of his finger.

The Changelings here were, for the most part, not truly criminals. Many of them had been put in prison for far lesser crimes than Unarin and the other two, and most of those charges had been trumped-up in order to terrorize the local Changeling population.

The Changelings were unwilling to live like caged animals! With the opportunity in front of them, many let out cries of acceptance! Unarin grinned, then walked over to the nearest cell. He touched the forehead of one of the Changelings, and that one roared with power as it too became an Ascended.

"Thirty seven steps!" The new Ascended cried.

Unarin uplifted another Changeling. "Seventeen steps!"

"Twenty-nine steps!"

"Seventy steps!"

"One hundred and two steps!"

"Forty-four steps!"

One by one, Unarin elevated the status of Changeling after Changeling, causing them to become far more powerful than they ever could have imagined. Unarin smiled, but at the same time, he was taking mental notes.

_It seems I am truly an outlier, along with Muuxunuu and Randis. These prisoners have had their wills broken, and few are able to cross the threshold of one hundred steps. Even so, the Rulers told me that mortals making it to the tenth step were few and far between. Even the worst of the stock here greatly exceed that threshold!_

Unarin was not uplifting these Changelings randomly. He found that after Muuxunuu and Randis became Ascended, his Haa'ti had grown more powerful when it came to their transmission range. Each new Ascended allowed their species to communicate from greater and greater distances away. Thus, Unarin was able to converse with Vedric, who had obtained the prisoner's files, and verify which prisoners had not committed terrible crimes.

Unarin was in a rush to add more Ascended to his ranks, but he would not uplift criminals and thugs!

It was on the 13th ascension that something unfortunate happened. The Changeling Unarin had chosen let out a horrible scream, then its body abruptly inflated like a balloon before exploding in a horrifying shower of guts and viscera.

"Ugh!" Unarin exclaimed, lifting his arm to shield his face right before that Changeling detonated. Blood and guts sprayed all over him, and that unfortunate Changeling's cellmate. The Cellmate's expression turned to horror, its emotionless facade cracking under the shock of witnessing its friend perish.

Unarin pulled back and looked around. The excitement of the remaining Changelings had immediately taken a nose-dive, seeing what happened to that one.

"Everyone." Unarin said after taking a minute to calm his heart and wipe the guts from his face. "This is to be expected. Not all of you are worthy to become Ascended. If your willpower is low, or if you have fear in your heart, you should not accept my favor. If you are too weak, this will be the result."

Unarin successfully turned the situation around, but the quality of the remaining Changeling prisoners continued to fall. More of them exploded than ascended, and eventually, the rest gave up, preferring to treasure their lives over a nebulous power that might ultimately kill them.

In total, fifty-four Ascended emerged. Thirty Changelings died, but the new army of Ascended proved to be a formidable start for a species that had only existed for less than an hour.

Unarin was about to head down to the Middle Security level when Vedric's voice spoke to him telepathically.

[Unarin. We have company. There's a powerful Psion outside.]

Unarin frowned. [I'll come to assist you.]

[No need.] Vedric retorted. [I'll handle it. I _hate_ Psions.]

[Suit yourself. Call us if you need help.] Unarin said.

And so, he headed down into the Middle Security section of the prison, while his new underlings spread out, unlocking the equipment rooms to arm themselves with weapons and armor.

Before long, the security forces would arrive. That was when the _real_ fight would begin.

...............................

_Far-Future Era. Day 21, AJR. Volgarius. Unarin's Sanctum, Inside the Founder's Thumb._

Unarin regaled Vulpanix with a tale so shocking that if she had a mouth, it would certainly be hanging ajar. He spoke while Dosena remained mostly silent, only interjecting once in a while to explain her own point of view.

[I have heard none of this in the past, besides a few throwaway comments when I was still an Initiator.] Vulpanix said quietly. [There are so many shocking revelations... I do not even know where to begin asking questions.]

Unarin did not say anything. Neither did Dosena. The two remained silent for a full minute as Vulpanix organized the questions spiraling within her mind.

Eventually, she did speak.

[First Founder... you are... strong?]

Unarin nodded. "In a manner of speaking, yes."

[You have climbed more steps on the Akashic Stairs than even I have.] Vulpanix said, her tone glum. [I only managed to climb 112 steps when I reached the 7th Level, and that was after conceptualizing the idea of Temporal Clones. It was a huge improvement in my mindset and combat philosophy. Even Administrator Muuxunuu has climbed more steps then me, as well as your brother, Randis. I have never felt so lowly and weak as I do today.]

She paused before directing a strange stare at Unarin. [But... if you did manage to climb so many steps, why are you not a Cosmic? You should have the aura of one, yet I do not sense anything at all! How is such a thing possible? Are all the Ascended monsters like you?]

Unarin smiled. "The concept of 'Cosmic Power' is often misunderstood. Even I did not comprehend it in my youth. It was only long after the Volgrim Empire was created, after the defeat of the Sentinels, long beyond the end of the Great Wars, that I understood what I had become. But... some things should not be spoken of in public. You never know who is listening."

Vulpanix's skin paled slightly. She wanted to press Unarin for more answers, but his hint that spies could be watching reminded her that even though the Wordsmith might be dead, he also might have left behind arrangements for the humans to spy on the Founders.

The most dangerous weapon was one an enemy did not know about and could not see coming. This was something any tactician knew, and Vulpanix was no fool in that regard.

Eventually, Vulpanix looked at Unarin with inquisitive eyes.

[How powerful are the Ascended? Can they be relied on to help us turn this war around?]

"The answer to that question is anyone's guess." Unarin replied cryptically. "But as my memories have shown, my species could be said to be the strongest of all the subspecies, or at least the most well-rounded. Even so, we are neither infallible nor invulnerable. And recently, the performance of the Dolgrimites has shown that some of our unique strengths have become... replicable."

[What do you mean by that?] Vulpanix pressed.

"The answer will become apparent within less time than you know." Unarin answered, his words as mysterious as ever. "But, more importantly, my time with you has to end. Dosena will carry on with the tales of the ancient times. She knows nearly everything that I do, and has also absorbed the knowledge of many fallen Psions, Ascended, Technopaths, and others who willingly gave their memories to her to preserve our heritage. Even when we performed the Great Reset to completely alter the manner in which Psions cultivated, we retained the most important knowledge within Dosena's mind, and my own."

Unarin stood up. Vulpanix stood as well, seeing that it seemed he was about to leave.

[Where are you going?] She asked, realizing a moment later that her question was too presumptuous and disrespectful. Luckily, Unarin did not seem to mind.

"A great many events have occurred recently, and now I must handle one of those matters personally." Unarin replied. "Unfortunately, with Dosena out of commission, this duty falls upon me. On any other occasion, she would handle this situation, but such is the way of Karma. What goes around will ultimately come around."

Unarin lightly nodded at Vulpanix, then he folded his hands behind his back, turned on his heel, and strode away. He walked down the side stairs of his Sanctum, pushed open its great doors, and departed without another word.

Several minutes passed. Vulpanix sat back down at the table, but she did not immediately converse with Dosena. The Second Founder, for her part, looked off into the distance, seemingly admiring a painting of an ancient Dolgrimite on the far wall.

[There were many formidable figures in the ancient past.] Dosena eventually said. She could not transmit her thoughts, but Vulpanix was already tapped into the surface layer of her mind, so she could easily communicate with her junior. [Assuming I were in my normal condition, I would certainly be the strongest figure in the modern Volgrim Empire. But I am by no means the most powerful Volgrim who has ever lived in our galaxy. Legend has it the first Supremator died while attempting to ascend to the 10th Level. I have spent my entire existence attempting to break past that barrier, albeit without success.]

She paused.

[It has been my greatest shame. I am truly unworthy.]

Vulpanix frowned. It was deeply uncomfortable for her to hear such words coming from the one Volgrim she revered more than any other in the Empire. She had idolized Dosena her entire life, but now her idol was crippled, potentially unable to return to her peak power for a very long time, and could be easily assassinated by a rogue agent, if one existed.

Even now, Vulpanix could reach out and kill Dosena with a single thought. She had no doubt the Second Founder was at her mercy. She would never do such a thing, but the fact it was possible... frightened her.

[Our Empire is so weak now.] Vulpanix said quietly. [I feel great fear, Second Founder. I fear we will not survive the coming war. I fear our days are numbered, and we will soon perish to our many, many enemies.]

[Haha.] Dosena laughed lightly, unperturbed by her junior's words. [If our Empire falls, so be it. It is only death. Death is a natural part of the Great Cycle. 99.999% of all creatures that have ever existed have already died. Ancient monsters standing strong at the level of Apex Cosmic were helpless against the forces of the Akashic Cycle. When this Eternity ends, all beings except for the Rulers will perish to the fading winds of time.]

She paused before adding, [And even those Rulers, do you think they are immortal? Far from it. Rulers rise and fall. Only Akasha has proven to be unmovable. Some of his greatest Heralds have perished while infighting amongst one another. As for the ordinary Rulers? Our Creator died, the Dark One will someday die, everyone will die. There is no reason to worry about such deaths, for you and I will assuredly both perish someday.]

Dosena's calm words did nothing to stifle the fear in Vulpanix's heart. She considered herself relatively broad-minded, but in truth, she had never thought about the existential truth of her mortality. Having it all laid out by Dosena made Vulpanix's skin turn pale.

[Oh, look at you. Such a cute junior.] Dosena teased. But then, her expression turned sharp.

[Vulpanix. Do you truly believe our Empire is at its wits' end? Do you think we have exhausted all of our last-resort options? Do you think we lack options for dealing with the problems surrounding us?]

Vulpanix slowly shook her head. [Of course not, Second Founder. But... unleashing the Sentinels would be...]

[I do not speak of the _Sentinels_.] Dosena said with a sneer. [There are secrets that even the you of now is not qualified to know. Unarin and I do not keep many secrets from one another, but the secrets we do keep are sure to be frightening beyond belief. Even now, I am not as helpless as I might appear... and neither is _he_. The Sentinels are merely our most obvious, clumsy, and brutish weapon of last resort. But I have at least two other possibilities at my disposal. I cannot even guess how many Unarin possesses.]

Vulpanix lifted her head. She looked at Dosena in shock.

[What? You're saying you don't know what Unarin is planning? What cards he's hiding?]

[Unarin mastered the Mind of Void long ago. I have long been unable to read his thoughts. Similarly, he cannot read mine. This is not a problem we were unable to resolve, but an unspoken agreement we held. It keeps us both in check. If he were to grow power-mad and throw the Empire away, or if I were to do so, or if one of us were to be mind-controlled or otherwise compromised, we would both have secret weapons we could deploy. The same is true of the other Founders, perhaps to a lesser extent. I am certain Cuanali has stashed away a few secret weapons for a worst-case scenario.]

Vulpanix nodded. She fell silent for a moment.

[Is this why Archangel Uzziel has not wiped out our Empire? Surely by now, even before the Plague became empowered, even before our Psions fell to Demila, she had the capability to launch an all-out assault on Volgarius, but she didn't. Now that we are far weaker, she still could, but she does not. I have believed for a while now that merely wanting to make us suffer felt like a rather flimsy reason for not attacking...]

[It is presumably a combination of many reasons.] Dosena acknowledged. [Unarin and I did not know Uzziel was the mastermind of the Kolvaxian scourge. We believed the probability they were extra-galactic invaders was the highest likelihood. Even so, Unarin had certainly posited on a few occasions that the angels might be behind the rise of the Kolvaxians, but he lacked sufficient proof to establish a credible chain of evidence for that scenario. Given that we possessed what we believed to be Uzziel's soul, it seemed unlikely she had created them. The other Archangels, naturally, had become mere slaves to the demons.]

Vulpanix thought for a moment.

[Regarding the Ascended. What exactly are they? Are they a superior species of Volgrim? Are they our next evolutionary step? Unarin's vision demonstrated that Changelings and Technopaths can become Ascended... what about Psions and Dolgrimites?]

Dosena sighed. [All four subspecies can become Ascended. Only a hundred or so Dolgrimites ever took up the opportunity, and 75% of them died. I do not believe this is due to an incompatibility with their physiology, but because most were low-echelon Dolgrimites with mindsets that were not conducive to the process of ascension.]

She continued. [As for Psions... we certainly can become Ascended. However, there are a few things one must understand before making such a choice. First of all, every species has its own value. The Dolgrimites are stronger in physical body than the Ascended. The Psions possess more psionic might than the Ascended. Changelings can adapt their bodies to new forms far better than the Ascended. And Technopaths will always be superior in the realm of technological comprehension and manipulation than any Ascended.]

[Furthermore,] Dosena continued, [Not all Ascended are the same. The Ascended are essentially a blending of all the subspecies. They are what we Volgrim would have likely evolved into had the Dark Dragon not altered us. With historical insight, we now know it was Dolgris who was manipulating our species behind the scenes. Dolgris split our one species into four different ones to weaken us in some ways and strengthen us in others. The wars we fought made us evolve our combat prowess quickly, but they also kept us divided. In the end, Dolgris only retained control over the Dolgrimites, while the rest of us went our own way, unaware of his existence.]

[What do you mean when you say the Ascended are not all the same?] Vulpanix asked, confused. [Surely they would be different individually. I would expect as much.]

[Ah, I misspoke.] Dosena clarified. [A species that ascends affects the Ascended they become. Changeling Ascended are not the same as Technopath Ascended, Psion Ascended, or Dolgrimite Ascended. Even within the Ascended, there are crucial variations. Dolgrimites make for far more powerful Ascended when it comes to their bodies. Psions retain much, but not all, of their psionic potential. Technopaths are more adept than the other Ascended at manipulating technology. And of course, Changelings have much more flexible bodies that can adapt in a variety of ways that might surprise you.]

Vulpanix looked interested. [If that is true, then why did you not become an Ascended? Can I become one?]

[It is no longer possible for either of us.] Dosena explained. [One can only become an Ascended if they possess a mortal body. Now that you have attained Cosmic power, you would only perish if you attempted the transition. Therefore, only Psions of the 5th Level and below may become Ascended. Beyond that, there are of course the requirements for a formidable mind and willpower, but that goes without saying. For Psions, becoming an Ascended is rarely a worthwhile prospect.]

Seeing the confusion in Vulpanix's eyes, Dosena elaborated further. [We Psions can already become Cosmic by focusing our minds and studying the Psionic arts. If a Psion happened to lack the ability to climb past the mortal level, then their willpower would already be quite poor, and they would likely die during the transition. Therefore, one must be an excellent Psion seed, yet one who does not wish to attain Cosmic power through their own species' methods. Naturally, this type of Psion almost never exists.]

Vulpanix was enlightened. [It would seem the vast majority of Ascended consisted of Changelings and Technopaths, then. And likely there were more of the former than the latter.]

[Changelings maintain extremely disciplined minds.] Dosena admitted. [Compared to the scatterbrained researchers among the Technopaths, Changelings are already adept at regulating their emotions and maintaining calmness in the face of adversity. They naturally possess strong willpower and high ascension potential. That is why, of all the Ascended that have ever existed, 65% of them came from the ranks of the Changelings, while 30% came from the Technopaths, and only 5% rose from the Psions and the Dolgrimites. Of course, if the Psions decided to advance our powers by becoming Ascended, we would have the highest success rates by far, but there simply isn't any need. Better to diversify the potential of the Volgrim war machine than to go all-in on one tactic. That is how empires fall.]

Vulpanix nodded. It was clear to her now that her horizons had been truly shallow before today.

[Then... with all the Ascended at our disposal, once we unleash them, won't we be able to crush the Archangels into cosmic dust? Why has the First Founder not done so yet?]

For the first time, Dosena appeared stumped. [Matters regarding the Ascended have never been of interest to me. Six million cycles ago, Unarin put the Ascended to sleep inside of hibernation pods to preserve their battle power, but also to train their minds in a virtual world made by Cuanali. At the same time, their hibernation ensures their bodies require minimal sustenance. They will only be awoken when the time of true need arrives... but that time is entirely up to Unarin to determine. I have no say in the matter.]

Vulpanix looked vexed, but she decided not to press the issue. Who was she to argue with the wisdom of a ten million cycles-old leader like Unarin? He had his own plans, and it had been ingrained in Vulpanix since her formation that the First Founder's wisdom was never to be questioned unless he requested it first.

[It would be best if you focused on growing your own base of power, Vulpanix.] Dosena said curtly. [Worry not about the First Founder, and more about how you can someday rise to the rank of Supremator.]

Vulpanix looked surprised. [You will allow me to do so?]

[Your ascension has become a necessity.] Dosena admitted [My psionics are crippled. The Empire requires a new champion in my absence. Even when I regain my former power, I will want a spear for our Empire, while I shall act as the homeworld's shield, or vice-versa. You are too young to know this, but my permanent placement on Volgarius was not always the case. I have only stationed myself here following the rise of the Kolvaxians, but in the past I used to be far more mobile, traveling the cosmos to enlighten myself. I miss it dearly.]

Vulpanix and Dosena chatted a while longer, but eventually, Dosena steered the conversation back around to its starting point.

[Enough idle chatter. I still have much to enlighten you about, with regards to the Ancient Volgrim Empire. The next part of the tale took place when I arrived at the prison facility, shortly after the Ascended began to emerge...]

And so, like that, Dosena once again continued the story of the Ancient Volgrim Empire for her junior's benefit...

...............................

Author notes: Here are all the Ascended so far, with Art for each of them!

[Unarin](https://i.imgur.com/yf4E7Qm.jpeg)

[Muuxunuu](https://i.imgur.com/h2vUfhp.jpeg)

[Randis](https://i.imgur.com/07qf2Qz.jpeg)

There is no art for Vedric. Unarin was drawn by a human, while Muuxunuu and Randis are AI-variants of the Unarin image. In the future, I might generate an image for Vedric, or I might be able to pay an artist to redraw everyone. For now though, the description of the Haa'ti having 8 tendrils overrides all the artworks, and I imagine the density of the Haa'ti is closer to Muuxunuu than Unarin or Randis.