Part 227: Ose's Plan

Hundreds of monsters funnel through the fifty-foot-wide corridor leading to the Labyrinth Core. Orcs, Grez, and Minotaurs all bellow warcries, while their accompanying allies, the Harpies and Goblins, chirp and chitter amongst themselves.

Behind all of them, and behind the walls of skeletons making up the backline, a Demon Emperor and Duke stand idly, their attention on more pressing matters.

Beelzebub, the Duke of Inferno, simmers in silence, occasionally exhaling flames through his nostrils. As he watches another legion of monsters march toward the Core, he flicks his gaze toward Ose.

The Emperor of Infiltration stands with her shoulders and posture slumped. Her head hangs forward, while her eyes remain closed. She uses her Astral Form to observe the situation in the Core, while Beelzebub taps his foot impatiently.

_What's taking this she-devil so long?_ Beelzebub wonders. _It can't be that hard, scouting out a bunch of humans. Ose has already watched them in secret for the last three days._

Beelzebub glances down the corridor, toward the Core over a mile away, then returns his eyes to the slumped Emperor.

The moment his gaze falls on Ose's motionless form, her eyes open. She quickly raises her head, straightens her posture, and sweeps a few strands of white hair out of her face.

"As expected. The Grez aren't all my brother claimed. They have some serious flaws."

"Wonderful," Beelzebub grumbles. The Duke of Inferno crosses his arms. "_Now_, is it time? I've been waiting for fifteen minutes!"

Ose sighs. "I told you I'd make you part of the vanguard, Beelzebub. I'll keep my promise. Just have a little patience."

"Patience?" Beelzebub hisses. "Mephisto is your first attacker, not me! Why must I stand here and watch while he hogs all the glory?!"

Ose rolls her eyes. "_Men._ I already told you why you have to wait. Do you think I'm punishing you, Beelzebub?"

"I do!" Beelzebub exclaims. "This is all because I questioned you in front of the Wordsmith. Was my apology not good enough? Shall I curtsy, too?"

"You didn't apologize at all," Ose retorts. "and, in any case, my keeping you here has nothing to do with that incident. It's not as if any other demons witnessed you undermining my authority, so why should I need to make an example of you? No, instead, I'm keeping you here because... something is _wrong_ with the human's resistance."

Beelzebub's protests come to a halt as he raises an eyebrow. "Oh? In what way?"

"Jason hasn't shown up at the battlefield, and neither has Hope. I need to capture both Wordsmiths today, yet neither of them have revealed their faces. From what I gathered over the last three days of reconnaissance, Hope and Jason both headed into the Labyrinth several weeks ago. Hope mysteriously disappeared, while Jason left Hell Harbor and traveled to space."

Ose continues. "My Astral Form isn't omnescient. Since my ascension to Emperor, I have increased the range I can leave my body by a factor of ten thousand. However. I still can't travel to space, nor can I observe multiple places at once. I haven't a clue where either of the blasted Wordsmiths went, but I _do_ know that they never returned to the Core."

"I don't understand," Beelzebub says. "...Isn't that good news? Without the Wordsmiths, humanity will fall. How can the resistance forces stop us without their reality-bending Hero there to save them?"

"They can't," Ose admits. "but they can certainly wound us and leave a mark on our ranks. The weapons the humans have crafted are nearly as fearsome as those they built during the Energy Wars. Nevertheless, winning this war will be impossible for them as they are now, provided the Wordsmiths don't return."

Beelzebub flinches when a violent explosion detonates down the hallway, toward the direction of the Core. However, Ose pays it no mind.

"You must be worried that the Wordsmiths will go into hiding and consolidate their power," Beelzebub says, after returning his attention to the Third Emperor. "If we defeat humanity today, the Wordsmiths will, most likely, go into hiding and escape our grasp."

"Indeed. As I've said before, my plans go further than merely capturing the Wordsmiths and defeating their resistance. That is why I need you to stay behind, if only for a few minutes longer."

The Duke of Inferno stretches hard, popping his back as he releases a big yawn. "Hnngh, fine. Fine! But if you don't give the order soon, I'm going to fly in there and start lobbing fireballs, come Hell or high water. I'm sick of standing around and twiddling my thumbs."

"Noted."

Ose watches for half a minute as another thousand orcs and skeletons continue charging toward the Core. Eventually, she and Beelzebub both turn to look further upstream, where a series of demonic mana signatures emerge from the Labyrinth's depths.

"Took them seventeen minutes longer than I'd prefer," Ose mutters. "But like my mother used to say, better late than never."

Moments later, several Baron-ranked demons come rushing out of the shadows. They screech to a halt before Ose and Beelzebub while offering only a respectful tip of their heads as greeting.

Laharl, the Baron of Misery, flips her blood-red cape back and cackles madly. "Well?! Is everyone else ready to rip these fleshbags to pieces? I've been dying for some fresh, muscled meat!"

Mara, the Baron of Games, twiddles several magical cards between her fingers. "My sister is on her way. Ying-Ying wanted to make sure her nails were perfect before she joined us."

"I won't allow any mishaps," Ose snaps. "Your sister is our best Warper. She's crucial to my plans. Do what you must to get her here, and don't delay."

Mara frowns. "Fine."

Despite the Baron of Games' attitude, Ose ignores her to move onto other things. "Laharl. I want you by my side at all times. Our mission is to capture several of the high-ranking human commanders. Right now, I don't know where the Wordsmiths are. If they return, I want bargaining chips."

This time, it's Laharl whose expression deflates. "Whaaat?! C'mon, why waste my time with capturing a bunch of weaklings? I want to get out there and fight! That Kar fellow has some fat muscles; he's just my type!"

"You can have play around _later,_" Ose growls. "Devil's sake. All of you! Start acting like proper, high-ranking demons! This is no time for fun and games. All of our asses are on the line. We have missions to complete, and I want them done properly. Understood?"

From behind Laharl and Mara, a different Baron steps forward.

Orias, Baron of the Stars, raises his voice, grabbing everyone's attention. "Forgive my interruption, Ose, but I don't understand. What do you mean 'our asses are on the line'? Are you saying there's a chance we'll lose today?"

"Not exactly," Ose says, her tone curt. "However, if we don't finish Operation Stormbringer _properly_, the consequences will be dire. As mere Barons, you're not privy to the information I'm witholding. It's limited strictly to Dukes and Emperors only."

"That means me," Beelzebub says, with a shit-eating grin on his face. "Maybe if you pledge yourselves to be my slaves, I'll let you in on this secr- ulp!"

Beelzebub swallows his words when Ose shoots him a nasty glare. "What?! It's a joke. Devils, you're ten times more uptight than usual."

"You're all about to find out what sort of mood I'm in, if anyone here interrupts me again. Now, listen carefully. I'm not going to repeat myself."

Ose quickly begins speaking. Occasionally, the sounds of screams or monster battlecries in the distance echo from the Labyrinth Core, but the lower ranked demons listen to Ose without interruption. Something about her mood spooks them, causing them to wonder what could make her so fearful.

"...Got it? Bael, Artorias, and the Battle Brothers will arrive last. They're too brutal for my liking, so I want them to help mop up the survivors. Most importantly, I don't want them waving their damned demonhoods around, breaking things before I get a chance to search them."

For once, Laharl tones down her frantic energy and lowers her voice. "This 'Trifancium,' you mentioned... what is it? Why are you so dead-set on finding it?"

Ose coughs into her fist. "It's an extremely precious natural resource, one which Bahamut's slaves used to mine before the humans killed her. Let's just say the applications are too profound for any demon to understand, but its value is incalculable. The Tarus II mines contain one hardened drop of Trifrancium for every 500 tons of bedrock the miners excavate. The planet possesses abundant reserves of the mineral, which is why we cannot allow the humans to occupy it any longer. The problem is, I have yet to locate where Neil has hidden the reserves he stole from Bahamut."

While Ose finishes explaining the plan, Beelzebub retreats into his thoughts.

_Trifrancium. The Overlords need it for their warp travel. I don't understand much about the galaxy outside the Labyrinth, but whatever this mineral is, Ose must believe that retrieving it will put us back in the Overlord's good graces. I fail to see how tiny rocks will be our salvation, but perhaps that's why Ose is Emperor, and I'm not._

For once, Beelzebub's thoughts toward Ose turn appreciative.

_I like to think of myself as intelligent, but compared to Ose, I'm nothing special. Still, it might not always stay that way. Given time, I'll surely outperform her in intellect. It will just take me some time to catch up. She **does** have 90,000 years on me, after all._

"Alright," Ose concludes. "These are the teams. Beelzebub will charge in first and create chaos among the humans. Laharl, you'll come with me. I need your keen senses and combat abilities to capture and interrogate the human leaders, especially Neil Adams. Orias, you will protect Mara and Ying-Ying to get them to the designated positions. The more portals we can open around the humans' capital city, the better."

"Yeah, while Bael, Artorias, and the Battle Brothers will cover our asses, right, right..." Laharl mutters. "Are we done? Can we finally get to work? Once I help you find those special rocks, I'm gonna rip some heads off."

Ose's gaze turns distant. A look of annoyance washes across her face, only to be replaced by despair.

Beelzebub stifles a smirk. _Ose hates talking to demons dumber than her. I know how she feels._

"Beelzebub, now is your moment to shine," Ose says, turning away from the Barons. "You and Mephisto need to tear the Core apart, piece by piece. Break the human's morale and shatter their spirits as quickly as you can."

"Don't get your panties in a bunch. I'm an undying god compared to the rats hiding in the Core," Beelzebub laughs. "I won't need five minutes to clear out the humans' infestation."

Beelzebub ignites fire underneath his boots. Just before he leaves, Ose grabs his arm. "One last thing, before you go."

The Duke smiles. "Haha. What's the matter? Do you want a goodbye kiss?"

Ose doesn't echo his grin. "No. The humans originally planned to blow up the Core if they were in danger of losing it. Doing so would naturally destroy the warp-gates and bring an end to Stormbringer."

Beelzebub's smile disappears. "Can you stop them?"

"Of course. However, that isn't my point. Be careful. You've fought the humans dozens of times. They have a way of developing technology that can counter even the deadliest Demon Emperor. If they're willing to destroy the Core to protect their species, you can bet they'll do anything to bring you down, especially after all their comrades you've killed."

"Haha," Beelzebub laughs. "Is that all? Color me unimpressed. If the humans had the power to stop me, they'd have done so already. Certainly, Hope would have done so. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a date with some human barbecue."

Without waiting for the go-ahead, Beelzebub blasts off and starts rocketing down the corridor, leaving Ose and the Barons behind.

Ose exhales a breath of turbid air.

"That Duke is a handful."

Mara and Laharl share a meaningful glance.

"I don't like him one bit," Mara says. "He's too headstrong, he doesn't use his brain enough, and he disrespects everyone."

"Yeah," Laharl adds. "Plus, he doesn't got any muscles. Gross."

Ose closes her eyes. "Protect my body while I scout the Core. I'll give all of you the go-ahead when the time is right. Trust me... you don't want to step inside while Beelzebub is melting steel."

Mara leans against the wall. "Fine by me. I'll just wait for Ying-Ying."

Orias mumbles something under his breath, then he takes a cross-legged seat on the ground before levitating in the air.

All of the demons wait for the Duke of Inferno to complete his initial mission, but little do they know that even the best laid plans of mice and men often go awry.