Part 726: Philosophical Stagnation

_Deep space. Stardate 207.715 of the Ancient Volgrim Empire._

True to her word, Protector Dosena moved the 11-ALX Passenger Cruiser out of the nebula. She set them on the right path, and remained onboard even after they fixed the engines and resumed travel to their original destination, a world to the northeast galactic position of Volgarius known as Reldis-02.

Several rotational cycles passed, but Dosena did not leave. It seemed, true to her word, that she intended to stay with the ship until it reached Reldis-02. Her decision was out of the ordinary. Naturally, Captain Goldis could not help but worry that the Psion held ulterior motives. But considering that his vessel was nothing too special, he didn't think it made any sense.

Plus, he didn't have the face to ask her to leave after she saved his hide, and the lives of all his passengers and crew. Naturally, if she wished to stay, then barring a grievous diplomatic incident, he would let her do so.

It was three cycles later, after the ship had long ago cleared the nebula, that Unarin found itself in a rare lull period where the 11-ALX would be traveling through a barren part of the void, completely empty of any noteworthy stellar masses. Usually, Unarin and Muuxunuu would rotate shifts, working for ten-unit durations each, swapping out each time the previous one's shift ended. In this way, the ship would always have a Changeling monitoring the scanners for interstellar phenomena.

But on this particular cycle, during the lull, Unarin sat inside the recreation area on a comfortable sofa, only for Muuxunuu to come over and sit two positions away. The pink Changeling sat idly and stared ahead, doing nothing at all. Meanwhile, Unarin wrote inside a paper ledger, jotting down notes as they usually preferred to do.

Some time passed. The two sat together, but separate, while various Technopath crew and civilians entered and exited, paying the Changelings no mind.

"Say, Muuxunuu," Unarin eventually said, breaking the silence. "What is your opinion on artwork?"

Muuxunuu blinked. It turned its head to look at Unarin. "This one holds no particular opinions of note regarding artwork. This one thinks the act of creating art is an unnecessary action. There are more productive ways to spend one's time."

Unarin raised an eyebrow. "Ah, so you value productivity?"

"This one seeks out activities that will improve the state of society." Muuxunuu answered. "Such actions are generally productive."

"Ah. How interesting." Unarin remarked.

A few seconds passed. Unarin smirked. "And what you're doing right now. Sitting, staring ahead at the wall... would you describe that as a 'productive' activity?"

Muuxunuu continued to stare at Unarin. "No. This one is not being particularly productive right now. This one has no tasks to perform, as the ship is currently traversing a void wasteland."

"You have nothing to do, so you do nothing." Unarin said. "Fascinating."

Unarin fell silent and returned its attention to the notepad in its hands.

Several standard time units followed. For some reason, Muuxunuu did not stop staring at Unarin.

"Is something on my face?" Unarin eventually asked, not looking up from his notepad.

"No." Muuxunuu answered. "Your face is clean. This one does, however, wish to express curiosity. Why do you refer to yourself using individualized pronouns? This is not the Changeling way."

"Ah, the Changeling way. Yes, a wonderful way to live, that." Unarin remarked blandly.

"You disagree?" Muuxunuu asked.

Another short period of silence fell. Unarin lowered its notepad, then said nothing for a while, instead opting to stare at the floor in deep thought.

"Muuxunuu... have you always referred to yourself as 'This one'?" Unarin eventually asked.

"This one was taught the proper manner of decorum by its peers and elders." Muuxunuu answered calmly.

"So you weren't always like that." Unarin said, filling in the blanks. The red Changeling bobbed its head thoughtfully. "In the past, you spoke as an individual. But as time went on, you were trained out of that behavior."

Muuxunuu pursed its lips. "That... is an accurate assessment."

"A lack of emotions, even I understand." Unarin said. "We Changelings are more logical thinkers than the other Volgrim species. We evolved last. We lack the base, primitive, violent instincts of the Dolgrimites, the Psions, and the Technopaths. But this idea of referring to ourselves in neutral terms is unnatural. It is forced upon us from the top-down by our elders."

Unarin continued. "When I was formed by my progenitor, they were on the brink of death. It was a difficult separation. They only lived for three rotations before they passed into the Great Beyond. Afterwards, I lived a difficult life in a slum district, raised by Technopaths for a portion of my youth before finally making my way back into the Changeling collective. As such, I developed an identity that would not allow me to merge seamlessly into my proper species' society."

Unarin closed their eyes and shook their head. "That is why I cannot identify myself as a member of a collective. I have never felt I was one. And furthermore, I take pride in who I am, and what my identity means to me."

"Pride is an irrelevant emotion." Muuxunuu said. "Pride causes the downfall of individuals on the regular. It is superfluous at best, and damaging at worst. You would do better to discard it."

Unarin snapped their eyes open. "I disagree!"

Muuxunuu pulled back slightly, perhaps startled by Unarin's emotional outburst. "You... disagree? But this is a simple statement of fact. There is nothing to disagree with."

"That is where you're wrong." Unarin retorted. "Pride creates ambition. Ambition creates drive. And drive is what makes an individual do great things. True, many individuals have fallen as a result of their pride, but that does not make pride itself useless!"

Unarin shook their head. "This is the sadness of being a Volgrim. It seems to me as if every subspecies is missing 'something'. The Changelings have lost their individuality in pursuit of logic. The Technopaths have lost their souls in pursuit of the machine. The Dolgrimites have lost their ambition in pursuit of stability. And the Psions-"

[What have the Psions lost?]

A female voice suddenly blared inside the minds of Unarin and Muuxunuu. Slightly startled, Unarin turned to the side to see a Psion silently levitating not far behind the couch where both Changelings were seated. Dosena directed a cold, withering stare at the back of Unarin's head.

[You seem to hold some strong opinions, Changeling.] Protector Dosena metaphorically spat, flickering forward to appear in front of the couch. [I have been listening to your conversation with some amusement for a while now, but I will not tolerate slander from a weak little Changeling toward my superior species. In the future, you would do well to make your private conversations even _more_ quiet.]

Unarin didn't flinch at her words. The Changeling didn't even look annoyed by her spying.

"What makes you think I was trying to speak privately?" Unarin asked. "This is the public commons area. I do not care who overhears me."

[Oh, but you should. I could reach out and crush you with a flick of my wrist for speaking such vile words about my people.] Dosena said, her threat causing a few Technopaths nearby to tense up. None of the Technopaths in the rest area had been paying any attention to Unarin's discussion with Muuxunuu, but now that the most dangerous passenger on board had arrived, his conversation was all they were interested in... and scared for.

But, as before, Unarin did not flinch at Dosena's words. "I see. So you would kill me for speaking words. It seems the Psions are weaker than I thought."

[What was that?!] Dosena hissed. [You DARE call me weak?!]

A powerful telekinetic force rumbled within her body. In that moment, she nearly reached out and pulverized the haughty Changeling into a cloud of bloody mist!

Unarin snorted. "If the mere words of a lower-class sub-species would make you fearful enough to try and kill them, what can you be but a weakling? It would seem my words are much more powerful and scarier than any metaphysical phenomena you can materialize."

Dosena froze. Her hand was already starting to reach out toward the Changeling, but now that all eyes were on her, she suddenly felt that she had landed in a predicament.

[Fearful?] Dosena snorted angrily. [What makes you think I fear your words?! They are merely an affront to my power! I should kill you for daring to disrespect me with such words!]

"Then do it." Unarin said calmly. "Show everyone here how unafraid you are of my words by silencing me. I am not afraid of your power. Whether I live or die is of no consequence. But you? You who wishes to rise to some indeterminate level of power in the future? Your own life and prestige are exceedingly valuable."

The Changeling continued. "What I was going to say before is that the Psions have lost their compassion in search of power. It seems I was correct in my assessment, judging by your outburst. You played the role of a hero to save us, then you came aboard this ship to bask in the adulation of those you had saved. Your ego is what drives you, and it is your deadliest weakness."

Dosena's eyes twitched. At this point, she realized she had been trapped in a lose-lose situation. She could kill the Changeling, but if she did, the others watching would think that she did so because she feared Unarin's words. On the other hand, if she didn't kill Unarin, then her earlier threats would feel hollow and toothless, and her reputation would take a hit. Then there was the fear of what would happen if word got out about this blunder. The Technopaths could turn her into a laughingstock, mocking her relentlessly, and that would affect her prestige among the other Psions.

So, she hesitated. Her hand continued to point at Unarin, but she couldn't kill the Changeling, and she couldn't lower her hand either.

Dosena didn't know what to do.

"Dosena." Unarin said, tone still calm as ever. "You hesitate because you are afraid. You value your prestige too highly. You put too much value on the opinions of others. I, however, am unafraid, because I only value my own assessment of myself. If you learn to set aside your ego, you will rise to greater heights then you ever could have before."

Dosena's body shook. She couldn't help but lower her hand back to her side. After a few moments, she snorted. [You certainly have a way with words, Changeling.]

"I did not say what I said to preserve my existence." Unarin said solemnly. "I did so for your sake. If you take what I said to heart, it might save your life someday."

Dosena looked skeptical. [What makes you so sure you're right? You speak with authority, but there is no way a low-level Changeling like you can truly know as much as you think.]

"You're right." Unarin admitted. "I don't know everything, but neither did I claim to. I merely observe and contemplate before comprehending. I will say though, your constant referencing to 'weaklings' and the status of yourself and others says a lot about you. You view our society as a hierarchy. You value reaching the top. But why? Is it because once you reach the top, you plan to make sweeping changes that will make society better or worse for all? Is it because the climb to the precipice of power gives you a thrill that can't be replicated in any other way? Or do you seek power just so that others will respect and fear you?"

For the first time, Dosena's expression changed from that of an adversary to that of an inquirer. She lowered her eyes and fell into thought as she contemplated Unarin's words.

[I... do not know.] Dosena admitted, her tone softer than before. [Psions seek power. We do so because... it is what we are.]

Unarin shook its head. "No. That is not a good enough answer. You have clearly not put any thought into it. I want you to meditate in solitude until you can come up with an answer that speaks to the Truth behind your existence. Don't speak some line you were fed when you were an Initiator. Speak from the heart. Assess who you are as a person, then determine who you want to be. Only in this way can you rid yourself of the ego that might someday become your crippling weakness."

Dosena raised her eyes. She looked at Unarin evenly.

[...I shall do that, then. We will speak once I have thought the matter over more carefully.]

A moment later, she waved her hand, then flickered away, disappearing into a quiet part of the ship.

Some time passed. Unarin resumed reading their journal, and everything became silent once more.

Muuxunuu cleared its throat. "You fooled that Psion well. This one even came to believe you did not value your life in the slightest. You are skilled in the art of deception."

"There was no deception." Unarin said calmly. "If you think there was, then you have not been listening to my words."

"Do you truly not fear death?" Muuxunuu pressed. "Even this one must admit, we feel apprehension at the thought of our future demise. More so when that demise could be upon us sooner than expected."

Unarin smiled. "All this time, you've been acting like the average calm and collected Changeling, but it turns out you do have emotions after all. Maybe you are more of an individual than you first thought."

Muuxunuu lowered its eyes. "Perhaps you are correct. However, this one does not believe that individuality is beneficial to the collective as a whole. Individual pursuits will inevitably bring about selfish desires. Those desires will bring about one's downfall. It would be better for this one to purge itself of its fear, though... we are uncertain of how to do so."

Unarin sighed. "Fear is as valuable as all other emotions. But since you do not understand the intrinsic value of emotions, there is little need to say more. Only if you willingly think over their value and raise in your mind will we be able to make further headway."

Unarin waved his hand. "Now, if you would be so kind, please leave me to my writing. I have much to add to my journal today."

Muuxunuu nodded. "Of course. This one will leave you in peace."

...

Time continued to pass. The 11-ALX made its way through the void toward its final destination, Reldis-02, and during that period, Unarin and Muuxunuu spoke again on several occasions. It was a long journey of 7,000 light-cycles from Volgarius to Reldis-02, and at Warp 7, that entailed a two-month trip, with a couple extra cycles thrown in for good measure.

It was a boring journey, but the time passed quickly enough. And after their near-demise at the maw of the X-73 Vantablack, the crew had more than enough excitement for the rest of the trip. They were planning to spread news of the Void Beast to hopefully earn merits and promotions.

Of course, Unarin did not care about any of this. The Changeling kept to itself, doing its duties and writing in its journal, occasionally speaking to other Volgrim to pass the time. But beyond that, multiple cycles passed, and soon the world of Reldis-02 came into focus.

Still, it would be several standard-time-units before the ship was allowed to land. Void traffic on this particular world was surprisingly dense, and the traffic controllers wanted to make sure no saboteurs infiltrated them.

Captain Goldis walked up behind Unarin and lightly clapped the Changeling on the back. "Well, Unarin, it's been good knowing you. It seems this is where we'll be parting ways."

"Yes it does, Captain." Unarin said, turning to bow respectfully to him. "I offer my thanks for the fine treatment of myself and Muuxunuu."

"Oh? You two are friends?" Goldis asked.

"We met aboard the ship. However, since we are both Changelings, and since the Technopaths here treated us well, I still wished to extend my gratitude for both our sakes. I have experienced bigotry many times over the years, but your ship was much more pleasant than I could have hoped."

Goldis snorted. "Hmph, well, that's probably because you and Muuxunuu did such a good job scanning for us. Thanks to you, we gained precious time units to escape the Vantablack. We ultimately survived, at least in part because of your excellent work. We owe you our lives."

Goldis paused.

"By the way. What are you planning to do here, on Reldis-02?"

Unarin shrugged. "Nothing in particular. I wish to travel and expand my horizons. I will work various jobs to increase my knowledge base. Beyond that, my plans are fluid as can be."

"Is that so?" Goldis muttered. He looked away and touched his chin thoughtfully. "Does that mean you didn't come here because of... Exigent-13?"

Unarin cocked its head. "I am unfamiliar with that name."

"It's a secret new drug a few of my colleagues were working on." Goldis said, lowering his voice. "It's not going to be secret for long, though. It was worked on by several Technopaths and Changelings in the Melkia system. Apparently, they've found a way to drastically reduce the body's aging process. Even more incredibly, the drug affects not only the individual, but all their future progeny. We believe it might be the key to immortality."

Unarin appeared intrigued. "You believe this drug to be effective?"

"It's been in trial for over 100 cycles." Goldis said quietly. "Honestly... I wouldn't normally tell a Changeling about it, but I'm sure your leaders know already. It's planned to be distributed all throughout the Volgrim Empire, and Reldis-02 will be the staging point. The Patriarchs and Matriarchs wish to lower the death rate by 99% in order to facilitate faster expansion across the galaxy."

Goldis continued. "Honestly, if the Technopaths had developed the drugs all by ourselves, we might have hoarded it for ourselves, but it seems the Changelings were integral in creating the formula. But anyway, I'm telling you all this because I was authorized to bring along a stash of Exigent-13 for any outstanding prospects I encountered."

The Captain glanced around, then carefully reached into his uniform and pulled out a small syringe.

"Inject it into your neck. And don't worry, I won't get in any trouble for this. Just between you and me, I've already been inoculated. Due to certain services rendered during a recent conflict in the Serris system, and because I was getting old, I was given a few dozen of these. I've handed several out, but only to people I thought were truly worthy."

Unarin was moved. He carefully took the syringe and nodded. "Goldis. Thank you. I do not fear death, but living longer cannot be said to be bad, either. I will graciously accept this gift. In the future, if you have need of me, feel free to ask."

"Haha... that's what I like about you, kid. You're not as stuffy and pretentious as those other Changelings." Goldis said, clapping Unarin on the back again. "And don't worry. I'll make sure Muuxunuu gets an injection too. Their contribution during this voyage was just as great as yours. Though... I'm not really fond of their personality."

Unarin shrugged. "Such are Changelings. My people are a simple lot, but the truth is they were not born this way. They choose to live their lives according to their ideals of logic. I simply cannot allow myself to think the same way. I'm too different."

"You're great just the way you are." Goldis said, before giving a nod and walking away.

When the voyage had first started, Goldis had been cold and rude when he spoke to Unarin. But now, after suffering a life and death situation together, the two of them had grown much closer. Goldis had even found he enjoyed speaking to Unarin regarding many different matters.

Who knew? Perhaps someday, their seed of a friendship would bear fruit that would change the fate of the galaxy.

The 11-ALX eventually drew within Reldis-02's gravity well. It fell to the planet below and ignited its thrusters, landing safely in the main city of Hafiya.

It was a simple city, one made of stone and glass, build upon a world rich in exotics but limited in life-forms. A rocky world with vegetation that mainly came in the form of fast-growing vines, weeds, and ground-heavy greenery that somehow didn't morph into trees.

Unarin inhaled deeply as they stepped off the ship.

"A new adventure awaits."