Part 752: Escape!

_Far-Future Era. Day 20, AJR. Chrona._

Timothy and Sylphid hurried out of the inner chamber, but just before they made it to the main entrance of the Ancestor Tree, Timothy slowed his pace, causing Sylphid to stumble slightly.

"What are you doing?" Sylphid asked. "We have to move quickly."

"Only one person knows you are no longer an Emissary of Ashenzari." Timothy said, his mind still revolving quickly as thoughts rapidly filled up his brain. "We can use this chance to foment confusion. I want you to find some guards and tell them Faceless has betrayed Ashenzari and tried to kill you."

Sylphid looked at Timothy as if he were an imbecile. "Who would believe such a claim? I'll be found out within minutes! Faceless is much higher ranked than me!"

"You will, but every minute matters. If we spin the narrative first, we'll have more leeway to work with."

Faceless was surely going to recover from the Terror status Timothy had inflicted on him. He could get up and start chasing them any second now. Every minute they could gain was another minute they could use to escape.

Sylphid was a powerful warrior, but her thoughts were actually quite simple. She had lived a life of luxury and privilege, and was not familiar with guerilla tactics. On the other hand, Timothy had gone through a couple of months of intensive training with Blinker. It wasn't much, but that small bit of knowledge was being thoroughly used well in his special mental-state. 

His thinking speed was accelerated fivefold, so he had time to come up with plans and counter-measures he normally wouldn't.

Thus, Sylphid had no choice but to go along with her new master's wishes. Even though she looked somewhat miserable, with bloodshot eyes and a battered body, Sylphid quickly reverted to her usual demeanor.

She strode out into the main aisle and assumed a domineering personality.

"Emissary Faceless has betrayed Ashenzari!" Sylphid shouted, taking a bold and uncompromising stance. "I have received word from Ashanzari himself. We are to hunt down and kill Faceless without delay! Call the Seven Water Lords and tell them to meet me in the Justice Hall. The rest of you, wait here for Faceless the Fallen to emerge from the room behind me. Capture him and take him to a holding cell."

Sylphid's declaration was so surprising and unusual that for a brief moment, the five guards that had just shown up were a little unsure of what to do.

Thus, Sylphid hardened her gaze and glowered at them. "On the double!"

Seeing that she was injured and had clearly fought a terrible battle against the 'traitor', four of the guards rushed into the room to subdue Faceless, while the last guard left to alert the Seven Water Lords, whoever they might be.

The moment the guards were out of sight, and earshot, Timothy hissed into Sylphid's ear, "Good work. Now let's get the hell out of here!"

They power-walked out of the Ancestor Tree, leaving behind a mess of disorganized and confused guards in their wake.

...

At the same time, inside Cthulhu's Secret Chamber, Faceless finally broke free of his state of Terror. His body continued to shake with fear, and though he knew his emotions were irrational, he discovered that he couldn't immediately recover from the mental damage he had suffered. Whatever that hyuu-man had done, it had severely injured his psyche.

"Bastard!" Faceless roared. He started to move to the exit, only for four guards to rush inside, pointing their spears at him.

"Emissary Faceless! For crimes against Ashenzari, we must place you under arrest! Please come with us willingly and do not resist!"

Faceless's rage momentarily vanished. He was startled by this development. "What... what are you imbeciles doing?! I am the last of Ashenzari's Emissaries in the Golden Grove! Did Sylphid put you up to this? She has been expelled from Ashenzari's Order! She is an Emissary no longer!"

The guards were not moved. They had received their orders, and judging by the ragged state Faceless seemed to be in, it was clear he and Sylphid had fought a terrible battle, with her coming out on top. Everyone knew Faceless was mightier than Sylphid, but now it seemed Sylphid had been hiding her power.

With this, the four guards knew what they had to do. They attacked Faceless together, striking multiple painful blows on his body, while Faceless fought back, quickly defeating all of them. Deep cuts and gashes were cut across Faceless's chest and arms, but he successfully killed the rebellious guards after a few minutes.

"Kah, pah!!" Faceless coughed, spitting blood in a fine spray. "Sylphid, I underestimated you! Good, very good! I won't let you get away, no matter what it takes!"

He stormed out of Cthulhu's Chamber, clutching his wounds as his hatred for the traitor climbed further toward its peak.

...

Once Timothy and Sylphid made their way out of the Ancestor Tree, they were able to travel much more quickly. It turned out Sylphid had the ability to fly through a unique form of telekinesis that was different from what the Psions used, but in a way Timothy couldn't really explain. She picked up Timothy, and the two of them raced back to where Timothy's friends were situated.

Timothy turned on his T-REX and spoke through it, informing the others of the situation. By the time they arrived, the group was armored up and ready to go.

"We're leaving?" Paimon asked, looking at Sylphid with suspicion from behind his helmet. "And you betrayed your people?"

"No time to talk!" Timothy shouted. "Let's get out of the city before it's too late. We'll chit-chat once we're safe!"

The group didn't have time to waste. Faceless could be on their ass in seconds, and the worst situation would have their group surrounded and captured... or even killed.

The Psions grabbed onto the other three, while Sylphid used her unique means to fly alongside them. All six took to the skies and raced away, with Sylphid explaining to the outer guards that she'd been given a 'secret mission' by Ashenzari and would be heading south. She made it clear that it was none of their business, and she had no need to explain herself.

After they left, the group did not fly south. They flew east first, then turned to head north. Sylphid's words were another minor trick Timothy thought up to get them out of the situation.

However, not long after leaving the city, a problem cropped up. Timothy's brain slowed back down to its normal state, and at the same time, he experienced a severe mental crash. Having achieved the goal he had set, Timothy's 'Player Fixation' skill had reached its conclusion and turned off, subjecting him not only to his ordinary brain speed, but a temporary 'depleted' state that made his thoughts more sluggish and tired than usual.

As such, the life seemed to drain from Timothy's eyes. He hung in the middle of the formation, exhausted beyond reason, while Marigold viciously grilled Sylphid.

"You bitch!" Marigold shrieked. "You tried to kill my Timmy, and now you think you can just join us?! Why don't you piss off and die, huh?"

"I was at fault, and I am truly sorry." Sylphid said. "I had eyes but could not see Lord Timothy's greatness. My god has already denounced me, so I shall serve Lord Timothy as my new master. Someday, I hope to see his ascension into a proper Dark One."

Her words, though apologetic, did not make Marigold feel any better. Steam practically hissed out of Marigold's ears.

"S-serve him?!" Marigold snapped. "You sneaky hussy, don't think I can't see what you're doing right now! Timothy, Timmy, say something! Tell this betraying, backstabbing bitch she needs to leave!!"

Timothy's eyes were glazed over. His head wobbled from side to side due to the backlash of Player's Fixation.

"Uhhh... huh?" Timothy mumbled. "What... you said?"

"I said- I said... never mind! We'll worry about the details later!" Marigold said, shooting a vicious glare Sylphid's way. She hurriedly levitated to Timothy's side to hold and comfort him. "Are you okay, Timmy? Do you need something?"

"I'm tired..." Timothy said, barely keeping his eyes open. "Eyes so heavy... can't keep... them open..."

The group was not out of danger. Faceless would likely resolve the temporary confusion Sylphid had created, then send out search squads to hunt Timothy and the others down.

But Timothy could not be counted on any longer. His mental state was at its weakest, and the others had to treat him like an NPC in need of protection. As such, Marigold pressed her jaw together and chuffed.

"Fine. Just get some sleep. We'll handle whatever comes next." Marigold said decisively.

Timothy nodded. His eyes closed a moment later, and he fell unconscious. He had pushed himself way beyond his mental limits, and now he had to deal with the repercussions of that decision.

But even so, the situation was far better now than before. Falling into a deep sleep was obviously preferable to being killed in the Secret Chamber!

After a few moments, Paimon gave Sylphid a long look.

"You, Emissary." Paimon said. "You can speak our language? Yet you pretended not to be able to do so, earlier?"

"I'm not an Emissary anymore." Sylphid said. "But yes. I could always speak it. You Milky Way denizens are painfully stupid. You blabbed your secret plans out loud _right_ in front of me. You need to realize that in the Ruler's Game, your galaxy is simply meat on the chopping block. You have little knowledge of other galaxies. Your lack of a Ruler has left you vulnerable."

Towards Timothy, Sylphid was deferential and respectful. But towards the rest of his group, aside from feeling apologetic about the harm she'd caused him, it was clear at a glance she didn't give half a damn about any of the rest. Their feelings and thoughts meant nothing to her. She looked at them as weaklings. Her gaze was scornful.

Only Timothy had earned her respect.

Now that she had joined their side, there was no need to lie about the language barrier any longer. Paimon and the rest realized the Dark Ones knew far more about the Milky Way's cultures, its languages, and its species than the Milky Way's Sentients did about any other galaxy.

However, the Volgrim higher-ups were not as ignorant as Sylphid thought. The problem was, Timothy was not Unarin, and neither were any of his companions. Timothy and the others lacked millions of years of accumulated knowledge regarding the Dark Ones. 

In this way, Sylphid's scorn was somewhat misplaced. She thought Timothy represented a 'ruling elite' among the Milky Way and the others were his servants, but her assumption was erroneous from the start. Timothy may have been the son of a Wordsmith, but that Wordsmith himself never fully reached the level of a ruling elite while he was alive.

Perhaps the thing that bothered Timothy's friends the most was that Sylphid simply didn't take the rest of them seriously at all. She dropped the act because it didn't matter whether they knew she was originally lying about speaking their language or not. Why would she care? What could they do to stop her? She was stronger than all of them combined, and with Faceless chasing them, they needed her power.

The group raced into the forest, levitating Timothy's comatose body as they traveled. Him being awake or not wouldn't slow them down or speed up their movement, so they made relatively good time regardless.

Now though, with Sylphid in their party, the group was able to be a bit more reckless. Other creatures recognized Sylphid and carefully shied away. An entire group of Dark Forest Stalkers spotted the group of six, but rather than pursuing them, they stealthily slinked back into the darkness.

[Sylphid.] Ferral said calmly, after three hours on the move came and went. [It is quite handy having you with us. We are able to speed up our progress drastically.]

Sylphid sneered at the young Psion. "Imbecile. Everywhere I go, the creatures of this forest fear my name. That is not a good thing today. Rumors will spread quickly. Those rumors will make their way back to Faceless. I have no doubt he's already determined our current position and is moving toward us, after interrogating the local residents."

The former Emissary returned her gaze forward. She knitted her brow in consternation.

"You lot are painfully slow. I have had to reduce my speed significantly so as to not outpace you. If Faceless catches up to us in three, no, two hours, I would not be surprised. I feel as if I am crawling out of the forest on my hands and knees."

She continued. "The Dark Forest is a place of isolation and silence. Only peak existences like myself can traverse it freely and without fear. Even so, there are other monstrosities hiding within the shadows that would see me without my assigned protectors and jump at the chance to devour me. This is a vicious land where the weak are prey for the strong. Even as I speak, fourteen distinct gazes are fixated upon me, monitoring my movements. If you have a method to escape the Dark Forest, you had better use it soon."

Ferral was not one to express emotions outwardly, but even he felt chills go down his spine. He quickly swept his senses outward, but he couldn't detect a single creature nearby. Either Sylphid was lying to scare him, or her senses were far, far sharper than his.

Sylphid chuckled. She easily felt Ferral's crude use of Psionics to feel the world around him. "You are not a permanent resident of the Dark Forest. I do not know from which part of the Milky Way your people came from, but you are nothing more than prey to the true monsters of the Dark Forest. Naturally, you will not be able to detect those who do not wish to be seen with your crude, unrefined abilities."

Ferral's situation was similar to a young tiger trying to catch and eat a jellyfish out in the deep ocean. Tigers were powerful and frightening on land, but when placed in the deep sea, they lost nearly all of their strength and would thrash and drown in the clutches of the unfamiliar terrain.

As for Sylphid, she was a long-time resident of the Dark Forest. She knew all the 'tricks' the creatures of her realm used to hide themselves. There were a handful that could evade her senses, but they were rare exceptions to the rule, and they posed her no threat anyway.

One hour later, Sylphid's expression darkened. She glanced backward as the group flew.

"He's coming." Sylphid said. "I can sense Faceless's approach. Is this really the fastest you lot can travel?"

[It is.] Raavul answered. [If I were on my own and not carrying others, I could triple my speed. But I am not, and thus, I cannot.]

"I don't know where exactly you're planning to run or hide, but if we don't make it to your destination soon, Faceless will catch up and our demise is basically guaranteed." Sylphid said with a grimace.

Paimon's expression was no better than hers. "We don't know where we're going, either."

"What??" Sylphid gasped. "Then what is your goal?!"

"North." Paimon said. "If we can reach the edge of the forest, we can break out and escape this place. By that point, we'll be able to use our... unique means... to depart this realm."

"The edge of the forest??" Sylphid asked in bewilderment, her skin paling further. "There is no such thing! This entire world is covered by the forest! Every inch of it!"

Paimon almost lost heart at her words, but then he remembered the fact his entire party had 'entered' the forest at some point unknown. That meant Sylphid's words were wrong.

Was this world real? Was it artificial? Was it a game-like environment with special rules the 'NPCs' like Sylphid didn't know about? Or was she correct and their mission was a lost cause?

"It exists." Paimon said firmly. "We've already passed into the forest from the southern edge. If we keep moving north, we'll find that edge as well."

"The southern edge?" Sylphid asked, before shaking her head. "I know not of what you speak. Such a border does not exist. Perhaps I was wrong to follow you lot after all."

"Then you can just stay behind! Shoo, go away!" Marigold snapped, raising her middle claw to flip Sylphid off. "We don't need you anyway."

"I wouldn't be so sure about that." Sylphid replied. "Once Faceless arrives, you will learn the meaning of despair in the face of overwhelming power. In my best state, I can only match his strength when he's not fighting seriously. Once he does, I will not be his opponent, and neither will any of you. Except for Lord Timothy, of course..."

A look of reverence entered Sylphid's eyes once again. Even though her dislike of his weakling friends only grew stronger with time, Sylphid's feelings toward Timothy had not dulled in the slightest. He was exhausted and weak now, but once he recovered, she felt he alone would be able to put up a fight against Faceless.

Timothy was the group's only hope. They had to hold on long enough to let him rest. Once his mind was rejuvenated, they might stand a chance against Faceless!

"There's something you all need to be aware of." Sylphid said, her tone shakier and more nervous now that she could feel Faceless's aura slowly approaching from behind. "Ashenzari's more faithful devotees can acquire immense power by binding powerful curses to their bodies. The more they sacrifice, the more power they can receive."

She continued. "I have cursed my body several times. That is how I managed to rise to the level of an Emissary. But the most brutal curses give the greatest boosts in power. Faceless... the curse he chose was one I simply could not bring myself to accept. That is why his body is as durable as Skyforged Steel, and his energy as overflowing and bottomless as the deepest sea."

Raavul casually scanned Sylphid's body. Sylphid was an Apex Mortal, an existence above Demon Emperors, on par with Satan the Devil and other Demon Overlords. However, she was clearly at the bottom of that tier, while Faceless stood at the pinnacle. Faceless was only a step away from becoming a Bottom Cosmic, at which point he would gain the power to flatten planets.

Given this, a mere 'Mortal' like Raavul would not be able to put up the slightest struggle against such an enemy. The same could be said for the others in her party.

One more hour passed.

Altogether, five hours had passed since the group had escaped the Golden Grove. It was at this point that Timothy finally stirred.

The young Hero shook himself out of a stupor and lifted his head to look around. His eyes were bleary. His mind was still in a fugue state. He couldn't think properly, and he had yet to recover from his mental exertion.

He needed more rest, but for some reason, a fear had built up in his heart as he sensed a frightening horror approaching his body. He shook himself awake out of instinct and looked around.

"Whuh... where are we?" Timothy asked, his speech slightly slurred.

"We're on the run." Marigold quickly replied. "Kyargh! That Faceless guy is chasing us. He'll probably catch up any minute."

"Faceless..." Timothy repeated. "Faceless. He... who...?"

It took Timothy's mind a while to revolve, to understand what was going on, and to remember what had happened. Timothy eventually understood the situation, but he had no sense of urgency. He was still absolutely exhausted.

"Shit... whuhdowedo?" Timothy sleepily asked.

"I don't know." Marigold said quietly.

"We will have to do everything in our power to make sure Lord Timothy survives." Sylphid said. "Everyone. I will stay behind and try to delay Faceless. I won't be able to do much... but maybe I can pull off a miracle..."

"Inadvisable." Paimon immediately retorted. "You are the strongest member of our group. With you present, we have a small chance to come out victorious by relying on teamwork. If you fight Faceless alone, we will lose without a doubt. I believe we might be able to prevail if we work together, using our unique strengths to catch Faceless off-guard."

Timothy might be out of commission, but Paimon was considered the brains of the group anyway. He was a demon who had thousands of years of battle experience to his name. He wasn't on the level of Blinker or Kar, but he was quite formidable in his own right, and he had a keen tactical mind.

"I'm going to require some of the items your mother gave you, Timothy." Paimon said as he pulled out the incredibly powerful AR-15 he had brought along. As the pinnacle of human weapon engineering, this weapon gave him the greatest assurance he could potentially take out Faceless. "I know you're not in your best mental state, but surely using your Inventory won't tax you too much?"

Timothy slowly blinked his eyes. "Yeahhh... sure... man."

Ten more minutes passed. Paimon quickly came up with a game plan. Then, the six of them came to a stop between two giant towering trees, with a deep lake of pitch-black water some distance up ahead. Paimon and Raavul flew to the left tree, Ferral and Marigold flew to the right tree, and Sylphid remained on the ground with Timothy amidst the dense underbrush, between both trees. She stood in front of him protectively, clutching a knife Paimon had given her.

This knife was a special one. It was made of Wordsmithium, and it had the unique ability to strike multiple times when attacking someone. It was a prototype Jason had made, but it had never been used in real battle. At the very least, Paimon thought it might be durable enough to kill Faceless if Sylphid could hit him with a sneak attack.

Now that the group had come to a stop, Faceless's energy signature roared toward them at a speed beyond comprehension. Less than a minute later, the Emissary arrived, followed by more than two hundred other warriors of the Golden Glade. Sylphid paled when she saw all seven Water Lords had also come along.

The Water Lords were not as strong as the Emissaries, but their combined strength could definitely hold Sylphid up, let alone when combined with Faceless's battle strength.

Timothy's group was screwed. There was no way they could come out of this alive.

"Hahaha..." Faceless chuckled evilly as he levitated forward, the warriors behind him taking up defensive positions in the air and on the ground. 

All the warriors he had brought along could fly extremely quickly, and though they were not as fast as Faceless himself, they were still High Mortals on par with Demon Emperors.

"It seems you've given up." Faceless said teasingly. He sent a slightly anxious glance Timothy's way, but it didn't take a genius to see Timothy was completely exhausted. Faceless was able to relax a little, feeling some of the mental trauma from Timothy's earlier attacks fade into the back of his mind. "Or maybe you still think you can put up some futile resistance?"

The Emissary was in somewhat bad shape. Not only had he been slapped around by Timothy's eye-beams, but he'd also ended up slightly brutalized by those four traitorous guards in his weakened state. His body was cut up and scabbed all over, making him especially gruesome to look at.

Faceless chuckled again. He lifted his head and easily spotted four other little weaklings up in the trees. It was clear Sylphid had planned an ambush of some sort. But what sort of pitiful effect could her new allies muster? They were garbage, lower than the weakest dregs of the Dark Forest.

There was no escape. There was no victory. There was only death and the future rise of Faceless once he stole the power of Yredelemnul from Timothy's cold, dead corpse.

Sylphid felt her fighting spirit weakening. The seven Water Lords shook their heads wryly. They knew the fall of the former Emissary was nigh. Her tricks had fooled them for a short while and made them doubt Faceless's words, but strength was what ruled above all in the Golden Glade, and with Sylphid fleeing the city, it didn't take much convincing from Faceless to make them realize Sylphid had duped them.

She was an Emissary no more. She was a dead woman walking.

"Any last words?" Faceless asked. "I can grant you at least this much, after all your years of 'devotion' to the god you betrayed."

Sylphid trembled. She was... afraid. Only 24 hours before, she was a lauded Emissary, someone respected and feared. Now she was nothing. None of her former prestige remained. She had made a decision that cost her everything. She did not know how she could live with her decision, and it seemed she would not be 'living' in any meaning of the word by the time the next day came around.

Sylphid opened and closed her mouth a few times. She couldn't find the strength to speak.

Then, Timothy stepped forward and rested a palm on her shoulder. Sylphid blinked.

Had he recovered? Was this the return of Yredelemnul's glory, through the avatar of his successor?!

It was obvious Timothy was reassuring her with his touch that everything would be okay. He had a plan, and he was going to reveal it now.

Timothy smiled at Faceless.

"...Maaaan, shuthefuckup bro, you're jes', fucken yappin and shit. I amsooootired right now, like I could just fallasleeplistenin' to ya."

Timothy yawned loudly, a clear provocation toward Faceless. He blinked away sleepy tears as he struggled to remain standing by holding on to Sylphid's shoulder.

"Bro ifyou'regonnakillus then just, like, fuckingdoit okay man? I ain't got timeforyourshiiiiiiit..."

Timothy yawned one more time. Then he fell forward onto his face and started snoring under the undergrowth leaves.

Faceless's right eye twitched, ever so subtly.

"_...Kill them now._" Faceless said through gritted teeth. "But leave the _hyuu-man_ to me."