Part 741: Psion's Wish

_Far-Future Era. Day 20, AJR. Chrona._

When Timothy arrived at the southern Psion Enclave, he heard the unmistakable sounds of combat coming from underground. The Wordsmithium-reinforced walls would not be harmed by the battles of Psions below the 5th Level, but that didn't mean the reverberations of their attacks couldn't be felt outside.

Timothy walked down the stairs to enter the Enclave, and the sounds grew louder. He eventually approached the fighting arena, and he was stunned to see Ferral fighting against two of his fellow Psions! Not just Learner Dunal, who had been his rival since the very beginning, but also Learner Y'ill.

Dunal was something of a brute compared to his peers. He was a blue-skinned Psion who liked to fight using Primal Psionics, the rawest expression of telekinesis possible. He also casually dabbled in Body Enhancing to improve his overall durability.

But Initiator Y'ill was different. She was a gold-skinned Psion who had a deep hatred of the Plague in her heart. She pursued Body Enhancing to the extreme, not seeking to make herself a muscled lunk, but a regenerating monster similar to Beelzebub. Already, at the 2nd Level, she was able to heal her injuries much faster than her peers. She had also become resistant to basic poisons and toxins, as well as acids and the like.

Thus, when she and Dunal fought together against Ferral, Y'ill chose to play the role of Tank, doing her best to stay between the two males, while Dunal fired powerful blasts of telekinesis at Ferral from afar.

Together, the two of them executed a rudimentary form of teamwork, but it was clear they were not used to fighting together. From the sidelines, their teacher, Aspirator Raavul, watched with disapproving eyes.

[Move in tandem with your ally! Cover Dunal's flank so Ferral cannot get behind him. Dunal, you must oppress Ferral with your numerical advantage. You are allowing him to walk all over you! No, no, not like that! Circle back to the right when Ferral moves left!]

Timothy listened from the side. It was easy to tell that Raavul was frustrated by the poor teamwork between Dunal and Y'ill, though it was also clear to Timothy that they were still easily beating Ferral. The fact he had lasted this long was shocking! No other Psion in Chrona could handle the combined effort of two of their peers.

"When did Ferral become so strong?" Timothy muttered to himself.

Timothy had, of course, been training every day with Ferral and Marigold, but he hadn't been over here to watch Ferral fight the other Psions for a week. And to be fair, it was only one week. Timothy never imagined Ferral had grown so quickly! The last he saw, Ferral had a roughly 50% win/loss ratio against Dunal.

But apparently in Ferral-time, a week was actually an eon. It was clear from Ferral's swift movements and keen analytical eye that he would win way more than half his fights against Dunal now! He was even doing okay against two Psions at the same time!

Eventually, the battle turned sideways when Dunal and Y'ill managed to catch Ferral in a pincer attack. Dunal pinned Ferral down for a brief moment while Y'ill slithered around to Ferral's side and threw a brutal punch to the side of his head, stunning him and knocking him to the floor. With Dunal's help, the two of them managed to pin Ferral to the ground, and Raavul shouted the results.

[Match concluded. Ferral has lost. A total of 1,072 blows were exchanged between both sides. Ferral, you held on longer this time compared to last time. It seems you will be winning these two-pronged engagements in the near future.]

Raavul had technically praised Dunal and Y'ill for beating Ferral, but her voice lacked any sort of pride in them. It was clear she was disappointed in the speed of their growth compared to Ferral. They were being left in the dust by their former weakest peer.

[Well... well fought.] Ferral grunted, as he stood up and clapped his palm first into Dunal's palm, then into Y'ill's. [It appears I need to train even harder.]

Dunal chuckled nervously. [Ah... haha... there is no need to be so aggressive, brother Ferral. We are already barely your match. At this rate...]

His attitude had changed drastically over the last few weeks. In the past, he was the haughtiest Psion present, but these days, his exuberance had dimmed beneath the light of Ferral's glory. Anyone with a brain could see he was envious of Ferral's growth, and slightly depressed due to the lack of comparative speed in his own.

[I'm deeply sorry for that final attack.] Y'ill said to Ferral. [I was at my wit's end trying to come up with a way to beat you. Thus, I chose a cowardly path of attack. It is already shameful enough that two of us are needed to beat one of you.]

[There is no shame in victory.] Ferral said calmly, as he rested a palm on Y'ill's shoulder. [Do you think the Plague sees any value in the concept of shame? If being underhanded ultimately wins us the war of extinction, then that is how we must act. Your final blow was well-struck. Next time, I will see it coming.]

[I imagine you will.] Y'ill conceded.

After exchanging pleasantries with the other two Psions, Ferral levitated over to Timothy.

[Brother Timothy, it's been a while since you came to see my battles. I am apologetic you had to witness my loss.]

"Ferral, I remember when you had no hope of beating Dunal, and now you're apparently dog-walking him and Y'ill both. They barely beat you. Next time, I bet you'll be the one reigning victorious."

Timothy smiled, imagining his compliment would make Ferral happy. However, he was surprised to see that Ferral's expression remained the same.

[Yes.] Ferral said quietly. [I imagine that soon, none of the other Psions here will be my opponent. Perhaps only the Aspirator will be able to challenge me. And then, after that...]

"Hm? You okay, Ferral?" Timothy asked.

Ferral hesitated. It looked like he was about to say something, but at that moment, a female voice spoke.

[Timothy Hiro. Thank you for coming down here. May I exchange a few words with you?]

Timothy looked past Ferral, where he saw the 3rd Level Aspirator Raavul levitating toward them.

"Raavul?" Timothy said. "You need something?"

As the teacher of Chrona's five other Psions, Ferral, Dunal, Y'ill, Lufa, and Tarim, she commanded a certain level of respect. Thus, when she spoke, Timothy immediately turned his attention to her.

[I apologize for interrupting.] Raavul said. [It came to my attention some time ago that Ferral's speed of Psionic growth had rapidly begun to accelerate. Recently, he has completely eclipsed all my other pupils, and is now leading the entire Enclave by a not insignificant margin. If this speed of growth keeps up, he will likely reach the 3rd Level within one to three Chrona-months.]

Timothy blinked. He didn't say anything, because her words pretty much matched his own observations. If anything, he felt she was being a little conservative.

[I am not too familiar with the concept of the 'King Network', but I have spoken to Rebecca and Blinker about it at length.] Raavul explained. [Timothy, I would first like to thank you for granting one of my students access to this ability. Ferral's strength is Chrona's strength. We are loyal to the Wordsmith, and have no interest in rejoining the Volgrim Empire.]

"Oh, uh, Ferral's my best friend, so... no need for thanks or anything." Timothy said, feeling a little awkward due to her praise.

[I understand he is your closest friend.] Raavul said. [That is why I feel that what I am about to say is a little... presumptuous.]

A long moment passed.

[Timothy, I understand that you have the ability to bring additional people into the King Network. Would you be willing to extend that same privilege to the other juniors of my class?]

Raavul finally got around to asking the question that was on her mind.

Timothy froze.

It wasn't that he didn't see it coming, but he hadn't mentally prepared himself for the question.

"Um... I... I mean... it's not that I _can't_, but there are limited slots available for King Network users..." Timothy said, his tone slightly awkward.

[Slots?] Raavul questioned.

"Yeah. Yes. Um, so basically, when I activated the King Network, I was able to bring four other people into it. I chose Ferral first, then my mom, and then my girlfriend, but now I only have one slot left..."

Timothy quickly explained the general workings of his King Network. Raavul listened silently, her slightly aged eyes contemplating his words.

[I see. And it is impossible to acquire new slots?] She asked.

"No, no, not impossible. But difficult, and rare. I had three chances to add an additional slot over the last two weeks, but I always get offered that choice along with other tangible benefits, so I um... I didn't pick the additional slots. I still only have one available."

Raavul lowered her eyes. [I understand. I was being presumptuous. Please forgive me. In the future, if you should acquire more slots, I would be greatly appreciative if you could extend them toward the other Psions in my class. If you do not wish to, that is naturally your prerogative.]

"No, no, no, it's not that I don't want to, but I should talk it over with the other King Network users first." Timothy quickly explained. "Ask me again in a week or two."

[Of course.] Raavul said, bowing her head. [Ferral, well fought today. Timothy, I take my leave.]

Ravvul turned and left, allowing Timothy and Ferral some time together. Timothy chuckled nervously, then he led his best friend out of the Enclave.

Five minutes passed. The two of them slowly walked in silence toward the western area, where Marigold usually hung out with the other crocodiles.

"I barely managed to hold her off." Timothy eventually said, chuckling quietly. "Don't know if I could pull it off again."

[Hmm?] Ferral grunted, glancing at Timothy from the side of his eyes. [Are you implying with your words that you refused on my account?]

"Well, yeah." Timothy said. "I mean, uh, you know? You _know_, right? If I gave the other Psions access, you'd lose your competitive edge."

Abruptly, Ferral stopped levitating forward. When he stopped, Timothy also stopped, then turned to look at his friend.

[Timothy. I believe you are misunderstanding something about me.] Ferral said, his tone as calm as always. [Do you have a certain belief in your mind that I am afraid of being weaker than the other Psions?]

"W-well, I mean... no...?" Timothy said, though his reply was more of a question than anything else. "But like, um, weren't you always getting bullied by them?"

[Bullied.] Ferral repeated.

A moment passed. Ferral looked away and tapped his chin.

[Bullied. I see. You believe that the taunts of the others were, in a way, oppressing my psyche and causing me harm. You believe that I was in some sort of distress, and that is why I lagged behind them with my Psionic abilities.]

Timothy was at a loss for words. "You... weren't?"

Ferral folded his hands behind his back and returned to looking at Timothy. [No. To clear up this misunderstanding, I will explain. I lagged behind my peers not because they were 'bullying' me, but because I simply lacked all enthusiasm for the art of Psionic Cultivation. Growing my power through meditation, sitting cross-legged for dozens of time-units in a row, and other such methods; these were excruciatingly _boring_ to me. I fell behind because Psionics are inherently very, very, very slow and boring to progress.]

[As a result,] Ferral continued, [because I was so slow to grow, the others taunted me. But their words had no impact on my speed of growth in either a positive or a negative sense. I do not value the opinions of others highly. Since I cannot control what thoughts they think or how their opinions of me shift, why should their evaluations matter?]

[Therefore, regardless of whether the other Psions gain access to the King Network or not, regardless of whether they lag behind me in their speed of growth or far outpace me, it will not affect my mental state. I now look forward to growing my strength because I enjoy the feeling of watching my numbers go up.]

Timothy blinked. He looked at Ferral in a new light, realizing he had really been overlooking something important about his friend.

"Oh. Ahaha... I don't know why I thought that then." Timothy said, scratching his head awkwardly.

[I do.] Ferral said. [It is because you yourself have been bullied, and you took the words of other people to heart. When people laughed at you or mocked you, you allowed their words to burrow into your brain and influence your thoughts. This is not too surprising, as many others have fallen into similar mental traps. Since being bullied is something that deeply affected you, I hypothesize that you believed the same was true of me.]

Ferral shook his head. [If anything, I have started to grow bored of being the only Psion with access to the King Network. I was going to speak to you regarding giving access to the other Psions. I find that having no opponents my equal has quickly started to bore me, and if this keeps up, my growth will stagnate. Think of all the fun games we've played where after defeating the final boss there is nothing fun left to do. That is the future I will soon be facing.]

Ferral chuckled. [Heh. It seems my teacher decided to speak up and save me the trouble. I owe her a word of thanks. Timothy, I do not want to reach the 3rd Level of Psionics and no longer have any worthy adversaries. I cannot and will not force you to pass the power of the King Network to the other Psions, but I would be deeply appreciative if you did. Slots for the Network are indeed difficult to come by, and there are others in Chrona who are just as deserving of this opportunity, so I would completely understand if you had your eyes on other worthy people you planned to uplift.]

Timothy looked away. He fell silent for a while as he thought about what Ferral had said.

"You really want me to boost the other Psions?" Timothy eventually asked.

[That would be appreciated.] Ferral said.

"But then... who should I boost first? Dunal, maybe, since he's your rival?" Timothy asked. "I only have one slot..."

[No.] Ferral said. [I believe the first Psion you should boost is Aspirator Raavul.]

"What? Your teacher? Why her?" Timothy asked, bewildered.

[At the rate my speed of growth is going, I will soon eclipse Raavul's strength.] Ferral said, neither happy nor sad about this fact. [The dignity of a teacher must not be infringed. How could she continue teaching with any sense of pride if all her students eclipsed her? Thus, she should be the next to obtain access to the King Network. Even if no other Psions gain access, having a strong teacher will improve the growth rate of the rest in equal measure.]

"That's a good point. Alright. I'll add Raavul next, if she's okay with it." Timothy agreed.

[Thank you, Timothy. I am always pleased by the amount of trust that you show me.] Ferral said, clasping his hands together in reverence.

"Man, it's nothing, don't get all sappy on me now!" Timothy laughed.

After laughing the misunderstandings off, Timothy and Ferral resumed pacing towards Marigold's house.

"So, the reason I came to get you was because I reached Level 10!" Timothy explained. "I got offered a CRAZY choice and I just can't make up my mind on what to pick. I thought I'd get everyone's opinions first."

Ferral nodded. [A wise decision. What choices were you offered?]

Timothy quickly explained the six options to Ferral, and Ferral fell deep into thought.

[Hmm. Interesting. Sage's Insight, Divine Blaze, Stalking Shadow, Compounding Returns, Flow State, and Universal Translator. I can understand why you are having trouble deciding. The decision would be a lot easier for me, though.]

"It would?" Timothy asked.

[Yes. I am not too interested in Sage's Insight. It doesn't hold much value for me. Compounding Returns is also not too useful, because the System itself already grants me the ability to grow. Growing marginally faster is not as fun or exciting as gaining an entirely new ability. Divine Blaze means little to me as I do not wield a weapon.]

He glanced at Timothy.

[Thus, that would leave for me the options of Stalking Shadow, Flow State, and Universal Translator. Stalking Shadow would grant me an entirely new stealth ability, which is quite desirable. Flow state is interesting in that it would afford me a certain level of versatility. But in truth, of these, I would pick Universal Translator with little hesitation.]

Timothy was surprised. "You would?"

[Yes. I have told you before that my goal is to someday travel the entire galaxy and witness all its sights. Thus, being able to converse with any creature or species across the galaxy would only make my journey that much more exciting. Being able to comprehend their native languages... this ability is exactly the sort of thing I hope to obtain when I level up. In truth, this is the first time I have felt envious of you.]

Timothy nodded slowly. "I see your point. But in terms of an intergalactic war, just being able to talk to people doesn't sound as useful as making myself stronger."

[I am not arguing that you should choose the Universal Translator option. I am only speaking as to what option I would pick. The two of us are different individuals with our own needs.] Ferral explained. [It is also clear to me that the options provided to you were tailored to your needs. I only have one important suggestion.]

Timothy cocked an eyebrow. "Yeah? And what's that?"

[You should not just think of these skills in the current context, but in the context of how they might change as you level them up.] Ferral stated. [Take the Flow State ability. What if elevating it to Level 2 causes it to give +1.5 or +2 to the stated stats instead of +1? That could be a tremendous boon to your combat capability. And how about the Divine Blaze active skill? Wouldn't it become even more potent an offensive ability than it already is?]

Timothy's face scrunched up in concern. "Shit. I was thinking about that a little bit, but now that you mention it... damn. You're not making this any easier for me, Ferral."

[Apologies. I simply wish for you to consider all the options as deeply as possible. I believe your mother will have deeper insights than me, once you explain the choices to her.]

After a few moments, Ferral moved on to the next topic.

[Timothy, there is another matter I have been wanting to bring up for several rotations. Given the choice dilemma before you now, it seems appropriate to mention.]

"Oh? What now?" Timothy asked.

[It is regarding... the speed of our growth.] Ferral said hesitantly. [My strength level is certainly faster than my peers, but of late, I have noticed a dramatic drop in the speed of my leveling. Due to my innate racial passive, I have to work much, much harder to level up than you. As such, daily quests are giving me negligible benefits of late.]

Timothy nodded. Ferral's 'Multiclass Lifeform' passive meant he received 67% reduced experience, thus showing just how devoted he was to leveling up by the fact he was only two levels behind. Even Marigold was slower to level than him, and she didn't have such an issue with her EXP gains.

Timothy had recently noted his own slowed growth. The Quests offered simply didn't provide enough EXP benefits, and the benefits they did provide were worsening over time in relation to their levels.

[Thus, I believe it is time we consider entering a Dungeon.] Ferral concluded. [I have examined the offerings, and Dungeons give far better rewards than Quests, by a significant margin.]

Right now, only Ferral had unlocked Dungeons, so Timothy wasn't too sure on how they worked. Everyone had agreed not to enter them until they were noticeably stronger.

"Can you tell me how they work?" Timothy asked.

[I am not fully certain myself, but I think I should wait to tell you after we have brought along Marigold and gone to meet your mother. The two of them should hear this information as well.]

"Good point." Timothy grunted. "No sense wasting your breath saying it twice."

[But Timothy.] Ferral argued. [Psions do not need to breathe.]

"Oh haw-haw! You know what I meant!" Timothy cackled, as he lightly punched Ferral's arm.

Both men laughed, with Ferral in an unusually good mood after Timothy agreed to uplift the other Psions.

Soon, Timothy would have to make a decision that would affect the future trajectory of who he was as a Hero... and what sort of powers he would wield.