Part 340: Bael's News

Bael, Dorma, Viola, Guura, and Melody leave the Hidden Emperor meeting without any fanfare. Now that the Duke of Pain lacks an indestructible body and magical talents, he won't be of any help during Ose's next invasion. Similarly, the Hell of Isolation's members never tend to involve themselves with the militaristic aspects of upper demon society, so they don't care much about how the invasion turns out.

The group of five hikes across the ruined surface of Hell Harbor. As they walk, they stop every so often to examine the devastation left behind by the Cherubiim's attack, as well as the subsequent artillery bombardment dropped by the Volgrim. Massive craters scar the planet. Burning rubble fills what were once sizable and well-populated demon cities. Among the victims are not only demons and monsters, but numerous human slaves, too.

The uneven ground makes the journey take far longer than usual. All of the five demons possess the ability to travel much faster if they so desire simply by running and jumping with their enhanced demonic physiology, but they still take their time to look upon the ruined world and soak the devastation in.

"I had forgotten everything." Viola says. "The Volgrim, our history... so many things. The sheer devastation our Overlords can wreak, but they still couldn't defeat the Cherubiim."

"Man, that whole situation SUCKED!" Melody complains. She flexes her huge arm muscles and laughs. "Me and Guura got our shit kicked in! We barely managed to play half a tune before old man Raphael turned the tables on us. Have we gotten weak, or what?"

"Nah. You gals ain't weak." Dorma says. "Your opponent was just too strong. Who knew the Archangels had such a powerful transformation tucked away for a rainy day? At least you managed to slow them down for a few minutes. I couldn't help at all. Just wasn't a fight Dukes like me could get involved with."

Guura lightly slaps Bael's back. "Maybe not, but Bael coulda kicked butt if he was in his old body! Man, did you see Ose prancing around like she was Queen Bigshot? She's only as strong as she is because she stole Bael's body! In her old body, she'd have been as useless as all the rest of us! She got lucky, but she acts like it was some special Devil-given talent! Sheesh!"

"We're honestly lucky to have Ose at a time like this." Viola says, always the one who examines the facts. "However she got her abilities, it really doesn't matter. She alone is capable of defeating the Cherubiim. Perhaps the First Emperor would have had to use his powers if Ose hadn't been as capable, but we don't know how strong he actually is."

"Of course we do." Melody snorts. "The First Emperor completely suppressed Ose even in her Super Lightning Balrog form! Totally! He's way beyond the level we can imagine! I'll bet he's a Demon Deity, or even higher!"

"What do you think, Bael?" Guura asks, jumping out in front of him and spinning like a ballerina. "Have you met the First Emperor before? Is he super strong?"

Bael shrugs. "Dunno. Seems like a poser to me."

"A poser?" Melody frowns. "In what way?"

"Ah, you know how it is. Bunch of smoke and mirrors." Bael says nonchalantly. "Don't let some poser pull the ghoul over your eyes. I bet he's not even that strong. Just knows how to scare other people."

"Yes... maybe..." Viola ponders. "But he _did_ completely suppress Ose. She couldn't move at all. I'm sure, considering her level of power, it was a humbling, if not humiliating experience."

Bael shrugs. "I don't buy it. But what do I know? I ain't that smart. All that magic crap goes right over my head."

The group continues walking. At some point, they pick up the pace and eventually reach the Hell Harbor Annex, where the lone Warpgate on the planet remains standing. Unsurprisingly, a massive amount of devastation surrounds the area, but the Warpgate itself remains perfectly intact, not so much as a scratch on its surface.

When the Emperors draw close, some nearby demon grunts with bad burn wounds scurry up to them.

"What happened, Ose? There were all these big explosions, and then all of a sudden we got blasted into the sky! We woke up on the ground and nearly everyone was dead!"

Bael pauses, realizing they've mistaken him for Ose based on his appearance. "Uhh..."

"Some angels attacked." Viola interjects. "You've heard of angels, right? The humans sent them to attack us. Ose took care of them, really ruined their day. They unleashed a lot of devastation, but the forces of Hell won again, as always."

The young, low-ranked demons glance at each other, mildly confused.

"Angels... yeah, I've heard about them. So they still exist, huh?"

"Dunno. Must be true."

Bael's group exchanges a few more words with the grunts before walking up to the Warpgate. There, they find a tired goblin, beaten and exhausted from all the recent hubbub.

"We need a portal opened to this location." Viola says, handing him a jade-green tablet with temporal information carved on it.

The goblin glances at her suspiciously. "Yeah? Who you? Me can't just change portal whenever want! Get big trouble!"

Viola sticks her thumb out to point at Bael. "Ose's orders."

"Ohhh, Ose!" The Goblin says, quickly 'recognizing' the figure of his Emperor. "So sorry! Bad eyes, very tired!"

Bael starts to protest about being misidentified, but instead shrugs and just goes along with it.

"Meh. Less of a pain this way."

The Goblin contacts a group of other monsters in a location hidden several miles beneath Hell Harbor's surface, in a hidden cache where they can perform temporal calculations without their work being easily interrupted. These hundreds of monsters spend the next thirty minutes running calculations, adjusting spatial frequencies, and lining up infinitesimally minor but significant math equations to ultimately discover the precise location of the Warpgate belonging to the planet where the Hell of Isolation is located.

Abruptly, the Warpgate's entrance shuts down, flickers for a moment, then re-establishes itself, revealing an opaque portal with no hint of what's on the other side.

The Goblin checks a few numbers, then gives a thumbs-up to Bael's group.

"Okay, okay! Is good now! All donezo!"

Without any fanfare, all five demons step through the portal.

Upon arriving on the other side, they pause to acclimate themselves to the new environment. They arrive on the world of Sharmur, an average planet with gravity levels twenty percent stronger than those of the demons' ancient homeworld, Earth. Sharmur's Warpgate stands atop a small, flat mountaintop, half a mile above sea level. Across the horizon, Bael and the others get a good look at the distant ocean, the sparsely planted forests in between, and many different plumes of smoke gently rising into the air.

Unlike Tarus II or Hell Harbor, which are classified as Paradise-Class worlds, Sharmur is merely an average habitable world with decent growing seasons, sometimes extreme hot and cold temperatures, and a moderate level of foliage. Powerful apex predators roam the planet's forests, but they have long since evolved to know not to mess with demons and the upper-strength level monsters which now populate their world.

Bael strides over to the edge of the plateau and inhales deeply.

"Mmm. Smells good. Been a few years since I popped over."

"It's been at least thirty _thousand_ years." Viola points out. "At least, by my count. Why did you stop visiting, anyway?"

"Lost track of time." Bael says with a shrug. "I dunno. Things haven't been exciting for a while. Now that the Wordshit's making moves, seems the Hells are gonna get spicier again."

"Well, not ours, and probably not the Hell of Lust either." Melody says with a shrug. "Speaking of which, I think I'll invite Jahn and Silvia over, later. We should throw a big party!"

"A party?" Guura asks. "After what happened on Hell Harbor?"

"Psh, I don't see why not." Melody replies. "Hell Harbor's the First Hell's territory. Ose can clean up that mess. It's not like we pissed off those Archangels! We never did anything to 'em."

The group heads over to a trail leading down the mountain. As they start to descend, Bael shoots a look back at the now-closed Warpgate.

"Hmm."

"Something wrong, Bael?" Dorma asks.

"Nah..." Bael mutters. "Just had this weird feeling someone was lookin' at me. Must've been the wind."

Once they arrive at the bottom of the summit, Viola, ever the responsible among her fellow Emperors, uses a mana beacon to call for a Warper grunt. Moments later, a portal opens, and a pretty young female demoness jumps out.

"Hihi! Where can I getcha, boss?"

"We're looking to head to the Temple of Isolation." Viola says. "It's secret business."

"I can drop you off in the town just outside," The Warper says. "But you'll have to walk the rest of the way!"

"Acceptable."

After a moment's wait, the Warper opens a second portal and sends her esteemed guests through.

Bael and the others step into a different location elsewhere in the planet, where a towering temple of vaguely Spanish design looms not far from a town of fifty thousand humans, monsters, and demons.

What makes Sharmur different from other demon controlled worlds is the way they treat their human slaves. Even calling them slaves seems something of a misnomer. While the elites of Sharmur, the Emperors, Dukes, Barons, and so on do maintain a hierarchy wherein demons are of a higher caste than most monsters, and monsters are higher up than humans, humans are never beaten or whipped. Humans hold all of the same rights as those of a higher caste, and they lead relatively pleasant lives compared to the human slaves on Hell Harbor or in the Labyrinth.

Thanks to the heavy gravity on Sharmur, most humans possess strong bodies that have adapted over tens of millennia to effortlessly cope with the pressure bearing down on them every minute of every day. Humans perform menial tasks, such as cleaning and managing minor affairs the demons and monsters consider too mundane, but the hardest and most back-breaking work goes to those who are most capable, such as Minotaurs, Trolls, Demon Brutes, and other such non-humans. Rarely do even the most sturdy male humans step in to help out.

On Sharmur, all humans receive adequate food to feed them and their families, houses to live in, and living standards the humans serving under the more vicious demons of other Hells would consider enviable.

Bael glances around as him and the other four walk toward the giant, pyramid-like Incan temple in the distance, a several-hundred-foot-high structure that calls attention to itself due to its unique appearance.

"Damn." Bael says, glancing at a family of tall, sturdy humans nearby, consisting of a father and his two daughters. "I forgot how chill this place was."

The man and his children purchase some extra food for a nice feast they'll enjoy later that day, namely some odd-looking fruit grown on Sharmur's nearby fertile land. The man jokes around and plays with his kids while he wanders the shopping district, where dozens of food stalls sit, advertising low prices.

"We've become more 'humanized' over the last several millennia." Viola explains. "Of course, we keep within the upper limits of the Volgrim guidelines, but letting humans do agriculture stuff seems to make them happy. It turns out humans, demons, and monsters can all live together decently without exploiting each other. The Hell of Lust... sort of understands our position, but you know how those sex-fiends are. They're a little too focused on carnal pleasures, and not enough on the simple fun in life."

She sighs deeply. "I'm just glad to get out of that _boring_ meeting. Every time I visit Hell Harbor, my 'chi flow' gets messed up for a week. Can't focus or think properly. I bet it's because the whole planet smells like depression and misery."

"Yeah, the other Hells are really miserable," Guura pipes up. "Everyone is always such a bummer. But not us! All that stupid 'power' stuff messes with your head. I'm just glad we get our own world where we can have fun and live the good life, all the time!"

"So what's up with all the secrecy?" Melody asks, turning her gaze Bael's way. "You're acting so tight-lipped today! Just tell us! Nobody's gonna make a move on the three Emperors of Isolation!"

Bael frowns. "Well..."

He glances around the area, as if looking for someone, then shakes his head. 

"I'll tell ya when we're safe."

Melody shrugs. "Okay, weirdo. Suit yourself."

Dorma pauses in front of a food stall selling some traditional human-made cakes. "Oh, how tasty-looking! How much for these?"

The human owner beams brightly at him. "Duke of Delicacies! My food is but ash in the mouth compared to yours! If you want to try my pitiful wares, just take one! I would feel too ashamed to charge you for these substandard baked goods!"

Dorma reaches into his belt and fishes out a gold coin. "Nonsense! Do you think one can become a god of baking without eating a little of everything under the sun? This fat demon only is as good as he is because he makes sure to expand his horizons every day! I smell some Hutenlaur in your goods, and that's not an ingredient people use often. I'd like to try this for myself, so there is no shame even if you are a beginner!"

The Duke of Delicacies buys five slices of cake from the man, flashes him a thumbs-up, then walks the food back to his friends.

"Come! We will eat cake while we walk!"

After waving goodbye to the human, he and the other demons dig into the cake while continuing on to the temple.

"Mmm. Not bad!" Dorma says. "Tangy, like lime, but it sticks to the roof of my mouth and slides into my throat. And that creamy texture, delicious! I tell you what, if you let humans thrive, the food they make is even better than their weapons!"

Bael swallows the last bite of his cake and shrugs. "Human food, demon food, it's all good to me, bub."

"You'd be surprised," Viola says. "There are a lot of demons who only insist on eating human flesh and blood. They say human food tastes bad and they won't even try it. They've all become so locked in their ways..."

"Yeah. We'd all be a lot better off if demons didn't insist on eating humans." Guura adds. "Fleshbags are friends, not food! That's my motto. I'd feel weird if I had to eat humans again... it's so icky and gross, eating sentient beings. I have a lot of human friends, I'll have you know!"

"Agares used to talk like you guys." Bael comments. "But after the old lizard kicked the bucket, Beelzebub came in, and... well, he's dead now, too. But I don't even know what the Slithering Spire looks like after the angels went all-out. Hope it didn't get hit too badly."

"The Spire was built into the side of a mountain," Viola points out. "I'm sure when the attack started, the humans there took shelter."

"It'd be great if they did." Bael mumbles.

Before long, the group arrives at the bottom of the Temple of Isolation, a holy site where all of the Sixth Hell's most valuable artifacts and ancestral heirlooms rest. Bael and the others walk toward its bottom, where a single door sits. After passing by a few demons standing guard outside, they step inside the tomb, close the door, and head deep underground, where they enter a massive sprawling complex.

Hundreds of rooms sit filled with treasures of sentimental instead of monetary value. Many of them are personal objects that were once owned by the demons of ancient times, including long-dead ones from before the fall of Earth.

The group arrives at the end of the hall, where they take a right turn and enter a sacred room, filled with carved images of every Demon Emperor that has ever existed. In this chamber, the Hall of Emperors, a statue of Satan stands at the apex, along with a statue of Belial standing by his side. Satan holds a cup of wine in his hand and holds it aloft, as if toasting the other statues before him. Belial smiles at him seductively, her expression identical to the one she always wore when in his presence, so deep was her love for him.

"Alright." Viola says, hovering her hand over a magical control module next to the entryway. "I've activated the isolation barrier. Only the five of us are here, nobody else. Not even Ose's Astral Form could slip inside, let alone any other monitoring device. Even the Volgrim wouldn't be able to peep on us."

"Right!" Melody says. "Finally! So, Bael, what's up with all the secrecy, huh? You got something to say?"

Bael doesn't immediately answer. He walks over to the left wall, to one of the hundred statues in the room, where a familiar duo of Emperors catches his attention.

The images of Shax and Murmur.

He gazes up at his 'long-dead' friends and sighs.

"She's still alive, guys."

The other four blink.

"She?" Melody asks, directing a suspicious gaze at Bael's back. "'She,' who?"

Guura's expression becomes uncertain. "You... you don't mean..."

"Murmur." Bael says, his voice quiet, while gazing up at the little girl's statue. "She's alive. I saw her with my own eyes."

He turns around to look at the others, sadness in his gaze.

"...Yama's got her. She's one of his Shades."

"**WHAT?!**" Melody snaps. "Yama? YAMA?! You're lying! That's impossible! We saw her body! The humans killed her!"

"We did see her corpse..." Viola says. She pauses for half a beat before adding, "But... Mephisto was... unable to bring her back to life. We thought, maybe, possibly... the humans had done something to her, evaporated her soul. Their weapons were so formidable, we couldn't be sure..."

Bael purses his lips. "It wasn't just me who saw her. Fae did, too. So did Mara, from the Tarot Sect. Yama's got our friend... and I dunno how to get her back."

Melody's legs go soft. She crumples to the ground, a look of hatred, rage, and defeat on her face.

"No, no, no... that can't be true... it mustn't... all this time? She's been... she's been in Yama's clutches?!"

"That sick, rapist bastard." Viola hisses. Bloodlust fills her eyes as she imagines what 100,000 years of being Yama's plaything must have done to her 'little-big sister.' "I'll kill him."

"Not if I get to him first!" Guura proclaims. "I'll rip his shadowy little demonhood off and feed it to the dogs!"

Bael allows them several minutes of ranting and raving before speaking again.

"Murmur ain't the only one who's still alive. Shax is, too. Sort of. I think."

This news sends another wave of shock through the Hell of Isolation's Emperors. 

"No!" Viola exclaims. "Don't tell me Yama has him too?! That spawn of a broodmother!"

"Not Yama." Bael says. "It's, uh, me. Me? I think it's me."

He proceeds to explain his recent discoveries to his shocked audience, all of whom listen with bated breath, hanging onto his every word.

"You're kidding." Melody says. "After the humans shot you in the eye, that's when you started seeing Shax? So he's just a soul fragment, now?"

"That's what he says." Bael explains. "But I can't really just tell him to come out. He beat the crap outta Yama, and then his spirit-body fell apart afterward. I'm not sure if he's still alive or not. He's just kinda... _in me_, ya know?"

The other four demons quickly walk over to Bael. They sweep their demonic senses across his body several times, but no matter how they probe or search him, they don't find anything.

"I don't sense any errant souls attached to you..." Viola mutters. "Are you sure you're not just hallucinating?"

"Nope. I'm not." Bael says. "You should've seen it, sis. Shax beat the crap out of Yama, like he beat his ass real good. If it wasn't for Fae, he might've killed the poor bastard."

"What a pity that would be." Dorma snorts. "So, what do we do about Murmur? Can we save her?"

"I've never heard of Yama giving up control of a Shade." Viola says, her expression sinking. "But that hellhound-fucker had better start to sweat. There's no chance I'm letting him hold onto my little-big sister for a moment longer."

The group falls silent while thinking about how to deal with the situation.

"...I don't know of any way we might convert a demon out of Yama's control." Melody says. "Except... well, maybe the... the Wordsmith?"

Viola scrunches up her face. "You want to ask _him_ for help?"

"Hey! Hear me out!" Melody protests. "We didn't piss in the Wordsmith's cereal! Ose did! I bet if we explained our position and that we didn't have anything to do with Ose, he'd help us out! His magic should surely be able to convert Murmur back to a normal girl!"

"There's no way the Wordsmith would be so kind." Viola says, shaking her head. "In his eyes, all demons are the enemy. Ose made damn good sure of that."

"But doesn't he have Belial with him?" Guura asks, her eyes sparkling like stars. "We know Beli! We're good friends with her! If we ask the Hell of Lust nicely, they can also put in a good word for us!"

"Maybe." Viola mutters. "...Maybe."

"The Wordshit was real angry." Bael says. "Ose said he was a nice guy, wouldn't hurt a fly. But he got mad. He killed a lot of demons. He even killed me. I can't blame him. We murdered his little girl, after all. His friends. His family. You think he'll help you, when Ose's made him our enemy?"

Bael shakes his head.

"Nah. We have to find a different way... for Murmur's sake. We gotta save her, man. She's hurting."

Viola lowers her eyes.

"I suppose you're right, Bael. We'll have to find a different way to save our sister."