Part 733: Making a Mindverse

_Far-Future Era. Day 21, AJR. Inside the Hall of Heroes._

Mandy wasn't in a bad mood, but she wasn't in a good mood either. A few weeks had passed since Blake's crowning ceremony as the Lord of Heroes. In that time, Mandy had been as busy as always.

She was a Runemaster, sometimes referred to as a Runesmith, and even other variations beyond those two. Fundamentally, Mandy manipulated Runes. That was what she did... and it was an ability unique to her.

Most people had zero idea what sort of powers she possessed. Even the people who did know, didn't know much. It wasn't that Mandy deliberately kept them in the dark, but more that they could only see the final products she produced... not the underlying system that governed how her magic functioned. Put another way, Mandy was like a programmer, and the code she wrote was a mystery to everyone. All they could see were the programs she released, with little to no understanding of the code running underneath.

Mandy had explained her abilities many times in the past to her closest family members. Only her father had once comprehended her powers to a decent degree, while her mother was lost, her brother Levi was totally oblivious, and Blake tried to pretend to understand, but it was clear he couldn't follow along either. The one person who had fully and completely understood her powers was Solomon, and that was only due to the intimate mind link they had shared whenever she borrowed his artifact from her father on several occasions.

Mandy was a resident of the Hall of Heroes in the most permanent sense of the word. She was born and had lived there her entire life. Traveling to Realspace was simply not something she did much, nor something she had much interest in doing. She had spent time with her 'aunts' and 'uncles' in realspace, people like Neil and Linda Adams, his secretary Debra who was also Annette's sister, Henry, and others along with them. But despite this, Mandy simply didn't enjoy going to realspace.

War was approaching, and its presence drew nearer every day.

Unlike her brothers, Mandy was a deeply cerebral person. She didn't speak much, and she thought a lot. She was only fifteen years old when she had her first contact with Solomon's Crown, shortly after awakening her powers, and this brief interaction had also allowed her to rapidly enhance her intelligence, and ultimately develop a Mind Realm.

Mandy's Mind Realm was special. It was far more unique than even the Mind Realms her father and uncle, both of the Wordsmiths, had developed.

Mandy sat inside her library, a place stocked with countless books written in Runes, a language only she and Solomon could properly read. The pages of each book were imbued not with words, but with the True Knowledge Mandy had etched onto the pages with her magic. And now, she was reading one of her earlier works with a look of disappointment on her face.

"The theory is simply wrong. How could I have made such an elementary mistake? The confines of my Mind Realm simply cannot expand any further until this error is resolved."

Mandy held a long feather in her right hand, one which had a faintly glowing golden quill-tip at its end. She scratched some runes onto the paper which flickered with energy before erasing other runes that already existed on the page. Immediately, the True Meaning of the page changed, but this only made her expression more miserable.

"No, no, not like that. What am I even doing? I cannot keep making these mistakes. If I don't decipher the solution soon, then I'll have wasted the last 13 years of my life!"

Mandy stared at the page for a good couple of minutes, then she set it down, along with the magical quill, then she took a seat and closed her eyes. Mandy held both hands up on either side of her head, then pinched her fingers together and brought them close to the outside edges of her closed eyes. She wiggled her unpinched fingers, then she slowly pulled her hands forward in front of her face and started to draw symmetrical lines in the air before herself.

Mandy's eyes remained tightly closed. If her right hand drew an upward line, her left hand drew a line downward. If her right hand moved right, her left hand moved left.

Like this, she spent a full minute carefully drawing a magical rune in midair. Then she held her hands in place, opened her eyes, and exhaled deeply.

Slowly, carefully, she lowered the rune down toward her right knee. Her forehead began to sweat as she looked at her flesh and blood body, but what she saw was not what anyone else would be able to see. Instead, Mandy possessed eyes that were able to innately see the runic configurement of the world around her. The entire world was filled with magic that only she could perceive, and she used her unique Runemaster powers to contemplate and comprehend the true reality only her eyes beheld.

Her legs were dense with magical runic markings. So were her arms, her torso, her face and head, her fingers, even her toes. These runic patterns were not normal, but had been artificially constructed one at a time ever since she had first learned of her powers and started experimenting on herself. 

The runes were densely interwoven new, and adding new ones was a major affair that took all her concentration to pull off. A single incorrectly placed element could wrack her body with injuries, illness, and possibly even death. She had certainly screwed up in the past and had to make adjustments on the fly while on the verge of death.

At this moment, her brow was knitted tightly as she slowly shrank the new rune down and carefully placed it onto her right knee. To her relief, the rune vanished, then reappeared amidst the web of markings on her body.

"Succ...success..." Mandy exhaled, breathing through her mouth and nose in equal measure.

This five minute ordeal had drained her thoughts, but it didn't take long before she recovered by pulling from a secret wellspring of mental energy that rapidly replenished itself in her Mind Realm.

Mandy closed her eyes. She looked inside her Mind Realm, and what she saw would have surely startled either of the Wordsmiths, especially Jason Hiro. There were countless soul-like lifeforms floating around in her Mind Realm, as well as a rich and lush-looking world filled with mountains, valleys, lakes and seas, forests, and even floating cities in the clouds. Unfortunately, the spiritual life forms inside Mandy's Mind Realm were not particularly smart, and they definitely weren't sentient. 

The most they could do was mindlessly toil away to maintain the stability of her Mind Realm. They did not have thoughts, dreams, or ambitions. They could hardly even be called 'alive'.

Mandy frowned. The new rune she had just placed was designed to augment her life energy to produce more of it inside her mind, but unfortunately, the impact on her Mind Realm was negligible.

Her expression deflated, and a sense of hopelessness overtook her.

"Another failure." Mandy muttered.

She had been trying for so long, but always failing. Her goal was extreme, but she felt success was possible. She just didn't know how to make what she wanted to happen, happen.

Mandy leaned back in her chair and hung her head backward, feeling mentally exhausted in a way even her magic couldn't fix. She had attempted more than 5,000 different times to try and modify a certain part of her Mind Realm, but she hadn't yet succeeded. If she had, everything would've changed.

As Mandy sat there, motionless, she heard soft footsteps approaching from outside her library. She turned her head slightly to see Hammurabi approaching. He paused at the doorway and smiled.

"Am I interrupting anything?" Hammurabi asked.

Mandy blinked her eyelids heavily. "No, nothing at all. Can I help you?"

"You've been cooped up in here for over a week." Hammurabi said, the muscular old man smiling kindly as he entered the room. "I thought I'd make sure you hadn't worked yourself to death."

Mandy looked away. She didn't reply for a time.

It took her a while to come up with anything worth saying.

"I'm so... frustrated with myself." Mandy eventually said, her voice quiet. "I keep trying to do something with my magic, but I can't get it to work. According to my theories, it should be possible, but I keep screwing up, over and over. The weight of my failures is really starting to weigh on me, especially with the situation continuing to worsen in Realspace."

Hammurabi grabbed a chair against the wall and walked with it over to sit down near Mandy. He folded his hands in his lap and nodded seriously.

"I don't understand much of how your runes work, but perhaps you can explain the problem to me in broad terms? Maybe my listening ear can help you disentangle the problem?"

Hammurabi was one of the wisest people Mandy knew, but unlike Solomon who could interface directly with Mandy's mind, Hammurabi struggled to understand her complex theories. Mandy seemed doubtful about whether he could help her, but at the same time, she didn't want to be rude. 

"Well..." Mandy said hesitantly. "It's... it's like this. I have a theory about my Mind Realm. Well, most Mind Realms, even. I lack direct experience with other people's Mind Realms, but- sorry, I'm babbling. The point is, I have a theory about Mind Realms, which is that they can be so much more than what we know."

Hammurabi raised an eyebrow. "Interesting. I am quite familiar with Mind Realms. I possessed one when I was alive, as did Solomon. Unfortunately, upon my death, mine ceased to exist. All who perish bring their Mind Realms to the grave along with their bodies."

Mandy nodded. "Solomon told me the same thing. But see, that's the thing. I don't believe that to be a given. I think Mind Realms are actually a 'seed' that can sprout into something far greater if given the proper care."

She continued. "Mind Realms are limited to only containing life forms that are ethereal or spiritual in nature, see? That is how just by holding your artifacts, other living Heroes can interface your souls with their Mind Realms. Dad told me when he and Jason first interfaced with Solomon, their Mind Realms seemed completely barren and empty, but Solomon was able to forcefully create small things like chairs and tables for himself to sit at."

She continued. "I spoke to the Archangels too, and Raphael once told me that he was able to drastically enrich Uncle Jason's Mind Realm by force, using his own knowledge of Mind Realms to create buildings, plants, and other similar things, though purely for aesthetic purposes. Later, Jason added some features to his Mind Realm, creating a sort of rudimentary computer system to boost Aunt Fiona's mental capabilities."

Hammurabi stroked his beard. "Indeed, I have heard some of this. So is that your goal? To create a computer system inside your mind?"

"I can already do that." Mandy said. "But no, that's not my goal. I want to create... well, it might sound a little ludicrous... but I want to make a real, physical, living _world_ inside my Mind Realm. What I envision is not a Mind Realm, but a _Mindverse_. I want to create a living world where real people from the real world can travel to and live safely, and one that could even persist after my death. I also want to find a way to replicate it in the minds of other people!"

This time, Hammurabi was the one who looked doubtful.

"You wish... for real people to live inside a Mind Realm?"

"A _Mindverse_." Mandy corrected, her tone surprisingly firm. "A world or a star system or even a universe within one person's mind. I believe it should be possible."

Hammurabi scratched his chin. "Child, if you think it to be possible, then I trust your judgment. However, in all my years, across the many Heroes I've met, none have ever possessed such a wonder within their minds. I believe you may be grabbing at a prize that extends beyond your arm's reach."

Mandy sighed. "I am starting to think it's hopeless too. But if my dad were still alive, I bet he could have done it. Wordsmithing had all sorts of capabilities, and I feel a Mindverse wouldn't have been out of reach. I just... I need to figure out how to simulate the natural laws of the world, but that's the hardest part since I cannot simulate what I don't know."

Hammurabi thought for a while.

"You once told me you could see runes in all aspects of the world around you. Is there a way you can see the runes related to concepts missing inside your Mindverse?"

The Runemaster threw her hands up helplessly. "I don't know. Maybe? But what I'm missing are truly vague and high level concepts, like 'time' and 'space'. I don't know how to make runes based on the concept of life force, or turning spiritual life forms into flesh and bone, or other such things like that. There's too many concepts eluding me! I fear I will never be able to make my Mindverse a possibility."

"No." Hammurabi said, flashing a knowing smile at her. "That is _not_ what you fear. You are an obsessive. The more you try to make this Mindverse a reality, the closer you will draw, and the harder you will work as you see the goal drawing near. It is not failure you fear, but rather, that instead of working on this 'Mindverse', you would be serving humanity better by building weapons of war. You worry that you are frivolously wasting time creating a Mindverse, and that the demons or the Volgrim or the Plague will exterminate humanity due to your poor choice of what to focus on."

Hammurabi chuckled. "I truly love your heart, young one. You have nothing to fear. You are thirty-five years old. You might still feel like a child at times, but you are notably older than many of the most famous Heroes were when they accomplished their greatest feats. You are old enough that you are beginning to develop 'instincts' related to your powers. This 'feeling' you possess regarding the viability of your Mindverse is not something you should ignore."

He continued. "Furthermore, do not disrespect your brothers, the other Heroes in this hall, or even the ordinary humans in Realspace by over-inflating your importance. Even _if_ you fell into a deep depression tomorrow and stopped using your magic entirely, humanity would be far from helpless. Jepthath's Legion alone, combined with the imminent rise of empowered humans lacking their Flaw, this is only one possible factor that could result in an explosion of human power."

Mandy looked at Hammurabi and sighed. "I... think I get it. You're saying that if I feel this Mindverse thing is worth the time and effort, I should devote myself to it and not feel guilt at not serving humanity in a more immediate context. Is that right?"

"Precisely!" Hammurabi exclaimed, before letting out a belly-laugh. "Hahaha, my dear girl, you've got it! That's exactly right. Focus on what your instincts tell you to focus on, and even if you fail at creating this 'Mindverse', you will surely discover new aspects to your power that can help you in other ways. So long as you learn something new every day, there is no waste."

A long moment of silence followed.

Hammurabi cleared his throat. "However, I do have one suggestion."

Mandy clasped her hands respectfully. "Please advise, teacher."

"You stated that you do not know how to uncover high-level aspects of reality. Time and space, for instance. But have you forgotten? You once told me your runic arts are somewhat similar to the magic the Fairies use to build their formations. Humanity plans to swallow the Sharmur star-system, along with the Pixiv system, into the Cube. Why not pay those Fairies a visit after we've done so? I have a feeling they might know about these high-level concepts. They could be of great help to you in empowering your Mindverse... and they are humanity's natural allies to boot! You will be in little danger of betrayal by them."

Hope's daughter was enlightened. "That's a great point. I think I'll do that, Hammurabi."

"Hahaha." Hammurabi laughed lightly. "I'm just glad my simple-minded words could be of some minor help to you. I've one foot in the grave, but if my knowledge can help the younger generation, I must offer it wherever possible."

"Don't even say such silly things!" Mandy laughed. "I'm always happy to talk with you! I wish I could do it more often."

"You just stick to your research, and I'll pop over once in a while to make sure you haven't dried up from a lack of water." Hammurabi concluded.

He stood up to go, but paused before leaving.

"Ah... there is one other thing I wished to discuss with you."

Seeing the serious look on Hammurabi's face, Mandy stood up as well. "Yes?"

"This is... rather awkward to mention. I also feel the timing is rather in poor taste..." Hammurabi said hesitantly. "But I feel it must be said."

"It's fine. Just speak your mind." Mandy replied.

Hammurabi smiled, but the expression felt a little forced. "Well, I've spoken to Levi about this as well. But, essentially, I think you, Levi, and maybe even Blake should be thinking about marriage. Not to one another of course, but to someone... _anyone_ really, from among the humans in Realspace."

Mandy blinked. She really didn't expect this line of discussion.

"M-marriage? Why?" Mandy asked, giving Hammurabi a strange look.

"There is no easy way to say this." Hammurabi said. "You and your brothers are special. For some reason, the Heroic Aura has clearly passed down to you from your father. All of you are incredibly powerful Heroes in your own right, and you three are all somehow Trueborns. Your father sired three children before he passed. I think it is important, critically important even, that you consider expanding on his lineage as soon as possible."

Hammurabi continued. "Do not look down on this matter. I was unable to sire children possessing the Heroic spirit, but even I took multiple wives, and they bore me three sons and a daughter. If those children had possessed a fraction of your power, I would have leaped over the moon in exultation!"

Mandy's frown eased up. With her sharp tactical mind, she was easily able to parse the logic in his words.

"You're right. And with humanity's Flaw removed, all humans theoretically have the power to become Trueborn Heroes. While it's not clear why nobody has obtained any heroic abilities yet, every shred of information we possess indicates they should rapidly begin ascending any day now. That means I really can't go wrong, no matter who I choose to be my husband..."

"Ah, haha..." Hammurabi chuckled weakly. "When I spoke of this matter to Levi, he seemed quite enraged I would 'dictate his private life' to him. I'm glad you understand the seriousness of what I am saying. Blake is quite young, but your father was the same age when he met Amelia. Jason was even younger when he wedded Phoebe. In these trying times, if bearing children can grant humanity an explosion of power, should we not do so as much as possible?"

Mandy nodded. "I am not too familiar with courting rituals or... um... wooing the opposite sex. I don't know how good I would do at it..."

"Hah! You are not the one who courts, silly girl!" Hammurabi laughed. "You are truly an antisocial shut-in. As a beautiful woman, it is the duty of men to prove themselves worthy for YOU! If I were to spread the word that you were looking for a partner, I fear the rabid men of the outside world would beat down the doors to catch a glance of your face!"

"Do you need to make the process sound so utterly terrifying?" Mandy half-joked. "But fine, fine, I get the idea. More children, more Trueborn, more power for humanity. I hadn't really considered dating or marriage, but I certainly see the value in it. When humanity absorbs Sharmur and Pixiv, I will visit the Fairies to see if they can help me make a breakthrough in my Mindverse, and then I shall visit Sharmur to see if there are any notable suitors appropriate for my status."

Hammurabi rolled his eyes. "Listen to you, already speaking like a noble princess passing judgment on the unworthy! You know romance is supposed to be quite fun and breathtaking, don't you? Don't treat this as another task to check off a list, or you'll end up in a loveless marriage where all you do is pop out babies while feeling unsatisfied your entire life."

Mandy shrugged. She didn't seem to understand any of the appeal of 'romance', so in her eyes Hammurabi was acting silly. To her, it truly just was something that was her duty. She had no real interest in romance whatsoever.

"I'll look into it if I have time." Mandy said dismissively. "Was there anything else?"

Hammurabi hesitated. "I could look into suitors for you-"

"No, no, you don't need to go that far for me." Mandy said with a smile. "I'll figure it out when the time is right."

Hammurabi was helpless. He pressed his palms together and bowed as a farewell, then he strode out of the room while rubbing his face. He grimaced once her library was far behind him.

"That girl is usually so brilliant, but when it comes to matters of love, she's as dense as a rock. I imagine she would have melted into a puddle of embarrassment if I deliberately mentioned copulation or anything else of the sort. I fear that without external help, she'll remain single for the rest of her life. Let's hope her brothers have more charisma and interest in the opposite sex..."

Oblivious to her ancestor's thoughts, Mandy felt her spirits lifted, and she returned to her work on the Mindverse with greater gusto than before.

"Now that I think about it, perhaps I've been going about all this wrong. What if I purged all the Runes I've etched on myself and started from scratch? I should try to simulate the birth of a universe, and to let the Mindverse develop naturally on its own. I think this path has a lot more potential than laboriously creating a world myself! Hmm... but all these years of work I've put into my personal Runes... do I truly wish to throw them away?"

Mandy fell deep into thought. She would need much more time before she could make a decision about starting over from scratch, and her fear of the consequences would ensure she'd need to test her theories before she could put them into practice.

"There's no getting around it. I'll have to talk to the Fairies before I make any concrete decisions." Mandy decided.

Nobody in existence had any idea just how important her work would become in the following years. Perhaps only her closest mentor, Solomon, would have understood. But with his passing, Mandy had been left truly alone in the universe. Not even her closest family members had the capacity to understand the true value of her magic.

Someday, that would change.