Part 125: Return of the King

The warmth of the Cosmic Realm beats upon my back and front equally. Light penetrates my eyelids, preventing me from sleeping or dreaming. So bright is this place that it seems to pierce the fabric of my host's mind, turning his thoughts into a hopeless mess.

Satan opens his eyes.

"Samael."

No response.

"Samael. Wake up."

A sensation reminiscent of ice brushes against the top of my skull. Samael stirs within Satan's thoughts, his voice filled with annoyance. 

"Hmph. What dost thou want? After staying silent for so long, I assumed thou hads't finally fallen to despair. How unfortunate that thou hath survived the anguish of losing all of thy kin."

"Shut up," Satan growls. "I'm not interested in hearing you blabber and bitch. I've come to a realization. I can free myself and escape the Cosmic Realm."

"Ah, so thy sanity has finally slipped away," Samael says mockingly. "My brother sealed thee here because he knew escape was impossible."

"It isn't," Satan says. "Several of the demon souls within me possess the ability to summon portals to other places. I can return to Earth if I use their magic."

The Archangel spreads his arms out in my mind's eye. "Is that so? Thou shalt summon forth magic without being able to perform the signs? I was right. Thy judgment has fallen to pieces."

"Obviously I need hands, dumbass," Satan replies. "That much is a given. Since I can't perform healing magic on myself and Belial ain't here, the only solution left is to kill myself."

Samael covers his mouth and chortles. "Oh, is that all?! How many times didst thee gnaw thy tongue to shreds in hopes the blood loss would end thy miserable existence? 'Tis futile, demon. Thy regenerative powers only activate when thy body perishes, and no method of killing thyself is available for thee. Thou art trapped. Accept defeat, and allow me to sleep."

Satan smiles. "That's why I called you, chum. I've got it all figured out. I'm going to blow myself up."

The Archangel falters. "H-hmm? How?"

"If I build up enough mana in one spot, I can turn myself into a volcano. I'll detonate, spewing my entrails everywhere and dying in the process. A few moments later, I'll become whole again."

Samael's expression darkens. His smile vanishes. When he replies, his voice turns hoarse. "That won't work. Thou shalt fail."

"It will work. It has to! My people need me!"

The Archangel scowls. "Give up, demon. Nothing thou shalt attempt will succeed. Thy struggle has been for nothing. I... I am going to sleep again. I don't want to hear another word out of thee."

Satan lifts his head and grins. "What's the matter, Samael? You aren't afraid of the big, bad demon, are ya? Let's face it. When I bust outta this shithole, I'm coming for Raphael, and Mother, and all your other ugly brothers and sisters. I'll tear 'em apart. You know that. You're terrified, ain'tcha?"

"I'm not!" Samael bellows. The Archangel's eyes rage with fire. "'Tis hopeless! Even supposing escape was possible, my family would slaughter thee again and again until nothing remained of thy body! They would scatter thy ashes among the stars and scrub thy name from the scrolls of history."

Satan turns deadly serious. "They'd try, chum. They'd fail. I'm unkillable. Unstoppable. Sealing me in the Cosmic Realm was the only way Raphael could stop me. Luckily, grandpa can't beat me. I've got a brain bigger'n his."

The Devil closes his eyes. "And now it's time to use it."

"What art thou doing?" Samael asks. A hint of concern enters his voice as Satan begins to take long, deep breaths. 

"Samael. You're going to help me, boy. I need you to concentrate all of my mana inside my stomach."

Satan continues to inhale and exhale. Samael's eyes widen. "Stop it, Satan! This is a complete waste of time!"

"Is it?" Satan asks between breaths. "Then why do you look like you're about to shit yourself?"

Samael goes silent. The Archangel stares at me, wide-eyed, shaking his head. His body trembles slightly, though he tries to suppress it.

Satan resumes his breathing. A burning sensation begins to boil in his stomach, then cool and reheat itself. The temperature in his belly never becomes uncomfortable, but the burning is unmistakable.

"Help me out, bird-brain," Satan says. "You don't have a choice. Gather my mana into my gut. Now!"

Samael closes his eyes. "Damn, damn! A thousand damnations upon thee."

Satan scowls. "Hurry up. Stop stalling!"

The Devil's orders make Samael flinch each time. Eventually, the Archangel begins to motion with his hands. I watch his figure in my mind's eye as he weaves a series of intricate signs.

"An eternity of anguish awaits thee, demon."

"Like you haven't said that a thousand times," Satan grumbles.

Satan's temperature elevates several degrees, causing him to sweat profusely. Within moments, the flame concentrates in his gut.

"Shit... holy fuck... that's hot..." Satan says, gasping for breath. He inhales, and his breath catches. "Ah, shit! Shit! SHIT! It fuckin' burns!"

The Devil's head lolls around as all of his mana continues to build up. Delirium takes him. His muscles expand and constrict on their own, ignoring his mental commands. His body shivers and trembles as all its heat travels to his stomach.

Like a lighter tossed into a barrel of gasoline, something snaps inside of Satan's gut. The Devil loses himself. His head falls forward and slaps against the glowing ground. Everything turns to white as a shrill whine erupts in his ears.

Time passes. It feels instantaneous to me, yet I get the impression several minutes have passed.

Satan opens his eyes.

His breathing evens out.

The Devil reaches up to wipe away his accumulated sweat. The sensation of his hand touching his face startles him. Satan jerks back in surprise...

...And smiles.

"I... I did it?!"

Using all the strength in his body, Satan shoves himself off the ground. He lands on his feet in a crouch, but after a moment, his legs give out. He falls backward and splashes into a sopping wet puddle of blood from his exploded corpse.

"Uh... shit. Can't walk. Head hurts."

Samael bubbles up in my thoughts. "Satisfied?"

His tone is that of disappointment, anger, and acceptance. He did what he could, but his attempts to stop Satan failed.

The Devil takes a few seconds to gather his bearings before rising to his feet, but slower this time. His legs, while shaky due to lack of use, allow him to walk with relative ease. More importantly, they feel _powerful_. His muscles remain neither atrophied nor useless. I can only assume it's due to the power of the Titans coursing through him.

Satan flexes his arms, clenches his fists a few times, and stretches his whole body.

"I feel alive again. Bloody devils. I thought I'd be stuck here yappin' at you for the rest of eternity."

"If only that had been the case," Samael replies. "Then, perhaps, the universe might have ended up a safer place."

"Yeah, yeah."

Satan ignores Samael's passive-aggressiveness. Given the Archangel poses no threat to him, Samael's words prove little more than a minor annoyance. The Devil continues stretching and eventually stops to crack his knuckles.

"Alright. Now I need to figure out how Portal magic works."

Samael fidgets nervously. "'Tis quite complex. Even among the Archangels, only Raphael can use Portal magic effectively."

"I know. You think I wasn't listening when the old man explained everything?"

Samael clams up. The Archangel turns away, unwilling to meet my gaze.

With a shrug, Satan begins forming hand signs.

"For my first attempt, I'll try using a trigram-eagle formation. I'll tweak my magic based on the results, and eventually, break free."

"Thou shalt fail," Samael says.

His response is anything but confident.

---

_Time passes._

Satan gasps and flops on his ass. Before him, an opaque white portal hums silently in midair. The Devil mops his forehead and clutches his chest.

"Hellspawn. That took forever."

Samael crosses his arms. A sour look crosses his face. "Aye. One hundred and twelve hours, by my account. Six hundred and sixty-six attempts."

Satan closes his eyes. "All that work, but at least I finally opened the damn thing. Why can't I see the other side?"

Samael shrugs. "Most portals are opaque; even Raphael's. Thy portal might have appeared inside a volcano. Or, it could lead straight to the heart of a star."

Satan frowns. "You're fuckin' with me."

"Nay."

"Up yours, liar," Satan mutters. The Devil clambers to his feet and slaps his naked chest. "I've waited long enough. I don't give a shit where this leads. As long as I arrive somewhere on Earth, that'll be good enough for me."

Samael rubs his arm. The Archangel of Change appears disturbed. He wants to try and convince Satan not to step through, but nothing he says will dissuade the Devil.

Eventually, he gives up. Samael flops onto his back and sighs. "A thousand curses upon thee."

Satan ignores him. He steps toward the portal and scrunches up his face. His nerves make him pause for a moment, but he shrugs them off and leaps through with all his strength.

_Whoomph._

The air pressure instantly shifts. A high-pitched whine squeals in Satan's ear, deafening him as we flop on our stomach. The Devil violently yawns to pop his ears. Within a few seconds, the irritating sensation vanishes, and he opens his eyes.

Above us, the Sun beats down upon Earth's surface. Compared to the blinding splendor of the Cosmic Realm, it seems more like a faint lightbulb viewed across a great chasm of darkness.

Satan blinks to adjust his eyes. He sweeps his gaze in a 180-degree arc — confusion sprouts in his mind.

"Wha... is this Earth? Where in the name of...?"

Smoothly rolling hills spread out into the distance. They rise into mountains, but what stuns me is the complete lack of color. The entire planet appears to be dead. As if a massive forest fire had ravaged the region an hour before, everything has ended up lifeless and broken. The grass crunches beneath Satan's feet, while black ash lines the terrain for miles and miles in every direction.

A shiver goes down Satan's back. "Somethin' ain't right here, Sammy-boy. I'm getting the heebie-jeebies."

Behind us, a sudden _crash_ kicks Satan's heart into high gear. The Devil spins around and stares dumbfoundedly at a crystal blue ocean. The waves splash against the shore, but where the blackened sand meets the water, the stagnant Earth meets a living, breathing sea. Far in the distance, a giant whale spurts water into the sky, then dives back underwater.

Satan rubs his chin. "This... this place _is_ Earth after all. But what happened? Why is everything all fucked up?"

Samael shrugs. "Thou hath been gone a while, demon. Mere months passed in the Cosmic Realm, but far more time has passed in the mortal realm."

Satan goes silent. His thoughts turn inward. _Are any demons still alive? What about the angels? The Titans? What is even happening here? It looks like something came through and sucked the life out of every inch of the land._

Shaking his head in disbelief, the Devil turns away from the sealine and begins walking inland. Every step, the brittle grass crunches under our feet, grinding painfully and hitting us in our sensitive spots.

"This shit hurts to walk across. I hope the whole planet ain't dead. That'd be a damned shame."

Samael, still laying on his back, tilts his head sideways to follow my gaze. "Were Uzziel to see this barren wasteland, she would be terribly displeased. Whatever did this; she has yet to repair the damage."

Satan purses his lips. "Maybe Mother's gone."

"I hope not," Samael whispers.

Minutes pass. Satan's Vectors tear out the ground in front of him as he walks, exposing softer dirt, so he doesn't hurt his bare feet. The temperature outside is neither too hot, nor too cold. I can only assume we've arrived at some point during Spring or Autumn.

As Satan starts to climb a hill, a random deer charges over from the other side. Startled, Satan reacts in self-defense. One of his Vectors lashes out and smashes the stag's head, crushing its antlers into powder and snapping its neck. The buck flops sideways and dies instantly, crashing into our feet and tripping us.

Satan lands on his back. "Gah! Fucking- what was that for?! Damned buck scared the shit out of-"

Halting mid-sentence, Satan quickly raises his head to the top of the hill. A human male wearing a leather deerskin coat and moccasins points a makeshift wooden spear at us. His eyes widen in fear. "Ahh! Dum-mun! Dum-mun!"

Behind him, on the other side of the hill, several voices echo his words. "Dum-mun? Dum-mun! Grooka!"

Satan leaps to his feet. He scans the human warily. "What... what is this creature? It resembles a demon, but its skin is black, not red. Not only that, but it has no horns..."

Samael squints at the human. "I... I haven't a clue."

The human takes a step back but continues to hold his spear with both hands and aim it at us defensively. Within seconds, three others appear at the top of the hill, each one wielding a spear of their own. "Dum-mun! Dok-dok mun?!"

Satan frowns. "What are they saying?"

"Don't ask me," Samael says with a roll of his eyes. "I'm surprised thou hath held back on slaying them."

Satan cocks his head. "Their weapons won't hurt me. I can't sense a lick of spiritual energy in 'em either. Did these ugly creatures cause all this destruction?"

While Satan ponders several questions, the four primitive warriors fan out to surround us. The Devil glances around and follows them with his eyes. "Oh, come on. You guys can't seriously be thinking of fighting me. Can't you tell when they're outmatched?"

In the blink of an eye, the warrior behind me leaps and stabs his spear toward my spine. On cue, the other three charge as well, each one aiming for a different vital organ at my front and sides.

Satan frowns. To him, their movements slow to a crawl as he takes a moment to debate his next move. _Decent teamwork. They don't appear to be afraid of me. I might be the first demon they've seen in millennia._

Before their spears come anywhere close to Satan's body, the Devil's Vectors lash out. He shatters their weapons ten times over and pounds each human in the chest with the flats of his invisible palms.

The humans go silent as they fly away and slam into the crumbled, dead Earth. Their bodies jerk to a sudden stop and go still.

Satan scratches the top of his head. "Was... was that it? They're dead! I barely did anything."

Samael stares at the human on top of the hill before us. He, somehow, continues to breathe. Based on the positions of his broken arms and legs, he's suffering unimaginably. Death will soon come for him as well.

"I've never seen these bipedal creatures," The Archangel mutters. "They resemble wingless angels."

"Weird," Satan says. Shrugging, the Devil climbs the rest of the hill. He shoves the dead buck aside, leans forward, and crushes the head of the human, giving him a quick death. "Thank me later, chum. No sense in making a tiny little runt suffer more than necessary."

"A moment of compassion," Samael says wryly. "I didn't expect that from thee."

"I'm in a good mood," Satan says. "Frankly, escaping that Cosmic Shithole is enough to lighten my spirits to a point where nothing's gonna get me down."

The Devil takes a few more steps and climbs the mountain the rest of the way. Thanks to his elevated position, he's finally able to see much more of the land.

Far in the distance, at the edge of the horizon, a forest of dead, blackened trees sits between two small mountains.

Between us and the forest, a small army of humans charges toward our hill.

Satan blinks. "Oh. More wingless angels."

Several hundred humans stomp forward; spears raised to turn us into a shish-kebab. Satan crosses his arms. "What's the definition of stupidity? Doing the same thing over and over again, hoping for a different result."

Before the humans start climbing Satan's hill, they pause. A single man steps forward. He holds a brass horn in his hands. Given their technology level, it seems out of place, as if he didn't make it himself.

He blows on the horn. A surprisingly loud _bwaaaaaa_ erupts throughout the air, echoing into the hills and across the ocean for miles in every direction.

Satan pokes his finger into his ear and itches it. "Well. That was rude."

"I believe they're calling for backup," Samael says. Perhaps ye might be able to handle two hundred of these creatures... but what if thousands come?"

Satan rolls his eyes. "Oh, _no_, anything but that. I'm quaking in terror."

Behind us, the distant sound of the ocean grows silent. The waves cease their crashing against the shore.

Pins and needles tingle crawl down Satan's spine. Ignoring the primitives, the Devil turns to stare out at the ocean.

Samael narrows his eyes. "Oh."

"What's going on?" Satan asks. "The waves stopped. That shouldn't happen."

The humans chatter to each other behind me. The sound of their footsteps going in the opposite direction makes Satan pivot on his heel to stare at them. All of the primitives turn tail and flee toward the black forest, leaving me behind to stand alone atop my hill.

Satan resumes his gazing at the ocean. The water sucks away from the coastline, exposing bleached dirt mixed in with the blackened sand. Once the waves retreat half a mile, Satan shivers.

"I don't like this. Not one bit."

Samael smirks. "Ho? Now I understand. Satan, thou have yet to meet a Titan aside from Hercules, isn't that right?"

Satan shakes his head. "Yeah? So what?"

Far in the distance, miles offshore, something the size of a small whale bursts out of the water and begins riding atop the waves. The humanoid figure stands thirty-feet tall. As he surfs, he rises higher and higher. A wall of water fifty-feet tall rushes inland, threatening Satan's life.

The Devil slams his Vectors into the ground and braces for impact as the wall of water roars toward us.

Samael's smirk stretches across his entire face. "Meet Poseidon, King of the Seven Seas."

The Titan's majestic beard stretches down to his knees. His golden Trident points at my chest. "Foul demon! Your end is nigh!"

Ten thousand tons of water slam into me at three hundred miles an hour. Satan's preparations fall apart as it rips him from the ground and flings us backward. Our body spins and careens wildly. We lose our spatial orientation amidst the spiraling, muddy sea.

Satan opens his eyes. The last thing he sees is a naked man swimming toward him at a ludicrous speed. Poseidon's trident impales our heart, causing the world to fade to black.