Part 477: Lost in the Labyrinth

Blinker paces back and forth nervously. She wrings her hands together as if trying to squeeze every last drop of water out of a washcloth. Not far away, Phoebe Hiro sits in front of a desk and computer terminal, calmly typing on a keyboard while she performs her daily routines. She mostly ignores Blinker's frantic pacing, but the Monster Queen's obvious worry doesn't escape her notice.

"How can you play on a computer at a time like this?!" Blinker finally asks, breaking fifteen minutes of silence.

"If Jason and Fiona can't do anything, then neither can I." Phoebe answers. "Don't worry. They've taken Kar's soul to a time-accelerated realm and are currently performing spiritual surgery on him. I have faith they'll bring him back to life."

"I should be helping them." Blinker complains, while she begins pacing again, even faster than before. "I'm a genius at magic, you know!"

"Not to brag, but so is Fiona." Phoebe says. "Jason said he'll bring you to his world once he's stabilized Kar. One way or another, he will. Just give him time."

"But why can't I go there now?!" Blinker snaps.

"Do you want Kar to die?" Phoebe asks pointedly. "Distracting Jason during this critical period... I don't think you want to do that. Just sit still and wait. Have some faith in my husband. There's no way he's going to let his best friend down now."

Blinker sighs. She walks over and sits behind Phoebe where she can see the computer screen she's using. Blinker continues to grumble under her breath, but no longer harps on about seeing her husband.

"What are you even doing, anyway?" Blinker asks, changing the topic to try and get her mind off things. She gestures vaguely toward the computer screen. "That doesn't even look interesting! It's just a bunch of numbers!"

On Phoebe's screen, a series of complex-looking formulas and graphs appear, all of them looking like complete gibberish to Blinker. While monsters might be more technologically adept than demons, the abstract nature of whatever Phoebe is working on completely goes over the fairy's head.

Phoebe doesn't answer for a few long seconds. She sighs, then lowers her eyes to her keyboard, tapping its bottom edge thoughtfully.

"Your operation to kill Mephisto exposed a lot of issues I've overlooked until now."

"Issues?" Blinker asks.

"Yes. We lost everyone. All of the human soldiers. They perished in battle, despite wearing the T-REX suits I designed. After having a chat with Marie Becker, I've been feeling... guilty. I failed those soldiers by equipping them with armor that was useless for their operation."

"Nobody could have expected Mephisto to go thermonuclear." Blinker says, softening her tone. "That explosion was ridiculous!"

"I explicitly designed the T-REX suits to be a suitable balance of cost and efficiency." Phoebe explains. "They aren't meant to allow ordinary humans to go toe-to-toe with Demon Emperors. Some of our best troopers, when working together, might be able to pin down a Demon Duke, but an Emperor is simply out of the question. At least for our current generation of exosuits."

"So why not make stronger ones?" Blinker asks.

"It's not that simple. Even with all of the incredible technological leaps we've made, nanite-based armor can only give our army so much defense. In essence, we rely on trillions of molecule-sized robots interlocking their tiny bodies together to create light and durable armor. The problem is, while this does make a T-REX exceptional at deflecting blunt damage, it simply cannot grant the same level of 'hard protection' as actual plated armor would. Explosions, heat, and electricity are huge fail-points our enemies can and will exploit."

Phoebe gestures at the formulas on her screen.

"I can create stronger nanite-based armor. It's certainly doable. Marie even handed me a _certain valuable item_ that will jumpstart my next round of designs by leaps and bounds. But even so, the improved nanite production speed would plummet to a fraction of its current value. For every thousand T-REX's we make now, I'd only be able to make a single one of the newer, more durable type."

"Is that a problem?" Blinker asks. "If this new type can allow humans to fight Emperors, or at least survive clashes with them, you could simply give the armor to your best troopers. You'd focus on elite squads capable of killing Emperors."

"It's not only about the resource cost of building these superior nanite-armors." Phoebe explains. "It's a logistics issue. Right now we only have three factories on Tarus II. I would need to devote the production lines of all three of them for over a hundred days to construct enough improved nanites to fabricate just _one_ Ultimate T-REX. In that time, I could have produced 100,000 standard T-REX's. It's just not worth the time cost."

"I thought you said it would be a thousandth the efficiency. Not one hundred-thousandth?" Blinker asks, clearly confused.

"The energy, metals, compounds, and so on are not the same as the time and logistics requirements." Phoebe explains. "Those are another problem entirely. Even if Jason magicked a hundred new factories into existence, the price we'd pay to create a dozen Ultimate T-REX's would... well, let's just say I'd rather focus on Uplifting allied demons and monsters to the level they can fight a Demon Emperor."

"Sure... but there's a problem with that model." Blinker says slowly. "You have to put humanity's future in the hands of non-humans. Jason might be a trusting fellow, but I think you're a bit more pragmatic than him. To say nothing of Neil..."

Phoebe abruptly lifts her eyes from her keyboard. She turns to look Blinker right in the eyes.

"If humanity splits between Jason's faction and Hope's faction, which side will you take?"

Taken off-guard, Blinker flinches under Phoebe's gaze.

"I, I don't know! What kind of question is that? Both of you are my friends!"

"Neil wants to exterminate demonkind." Phoebe says. "He will almost assuredly ban all demons from coming along with him to Maiura. That puts our monster allies in an awkward position, you know. I don't think Neil even likes _you._"

Blinker scoffs. "_Whaaat?_ Me and Neil are good friends! Unlike the demons, we monsters have been humanity's allies since day one! Are you seriously implying he'd want to push our different species away?"

"I don't know if he will or not..." Phoebe says. "But I do think that even if he doesn't make any explicit moves to do so, the option will linger in the back of his mind."

Blinker's expression becomes troubled. She averts her eyes, unable to meet Phoebe's gaze.

"Well... when you put it that way... he IS something of a human supremacist."

"Very much so." Phoebe says, turning away to massage her forehead. "And in a week and a half, I will need to give a speech to convince people to stay on Jason's side. I'm not sure if I'm up to the task."

"Hmph." Blinker snorts. "Jason's such a lazy turd. He always makes you do all the hard work. You should tell him to give his own speeches, Phoebe! Grow a backbone!"

"You'd have a point if this were only a few short months ago." Phoebe says, sobering up. She lifts her head to stare into the distance blankly. "Daisy's death hit Jason hard. He won't stop blaming himself. _I_ won't stop blaming myself. Even Samantha has been fighting her own self-loathing on the matter. But in truth, it was Jason who failed 'the most' due to the powers he wields, and now he wants to redeem himself. He's not screwing around anymore. I think he's treating this entire situation as a chance to make up for the past. He's busier than you would believe."

"Busy doing what?" Blinker asks. "Aside from healing Kar, I mean."

"It'll be up to Jason to tell you himself." Phoebe answers, shaking her head. "I'm not at liberty to say. I do know he wants to keep this matter... hush-hush."

Phoebe, acutely aware of the possibility of a Psion listening in on the conversation, wisely keeps her lips sealed. Thanks to a special barrier her husband placed on her mind, no Psion will be able to intrude on her thoughts without alerting her, but that won't stop them from overhearing any words she says out loud.

Blinker doesn't press the issue. "I see. Well, I guess you two are working hard. Makes me wish I could do more on my end..."

"You just killed Mephisto." Phoebe says. "And Yama, too. Those are two threats we no longer have to worry about. You're doing plenty."

"Sure, but I want to do more." Blinker grumbles.

She and Phoebe continue talking for fifteen long minutes. With a few hours having passed since Blinker sent Kar back to Tarus II, she finds herself growing more and more antsy as the time passes.

Suddenly, the air vibrates. Jason's voice transmits into the room.

"Blinker. I've finished stabilizing Kar's condition. You can come see him now."

"What? REALLY?!" Blinker shrieks excitedly, while jumping to her feet. "He's going to be okay! Take me there already!"

Jason hesitates for a brief moment.

"Yeah. He'll... survive. One moment."

The vibration in the air stops. A moment later, Blinker _pops_ out of existence.

Before she can even realize something has happened, the Monster Queen disappears and reappears in a completely new location. The instant she materializes, powerful beams of energy lock onto her position and bind her in place. Her vision goes dark as she loses not only her eyesight, but all of her other senses as well!

"W-what the heck?!" Blinker cries out in fear. "A trap?!"

Jason's voice speaks inside her mind.

[Please remain calm. I have to triple-check your identity. I've sealed off your senses, just to make sure you are who you say you are.]

"What do you mean?" Blinker asks. "I'm ME! Blinker! Your good friend-"

[Just remain calm. This won't take long.]

A strange and unsettling sensation causes Blinker's stomach to churn. A powerful scanner of some sort sends harmless but disquieting beams of radiation all throughout her body, massaging her skin and causing her bones to hum. She grits her teeth and even snickers under the ticklish sensations that simultaneously make her want to throw up.

Abruptly, the scans stop.

Blinker's vision returns, and she falls to her knees.

"Ah! Ohh... ohh... _gods_..."

Blinker presses both of her palms against the floor. Her vision sways, making her feel dizzy.

"**...alize.**"

Jason speaks a Word of Power. Instantly, Blinker's queasiness vanishes, and she returns to full alertness.

The Wordsmith kneels down to help her up. As Blinker rises to her feet, she finally gets a good look at where she's arrived.

Blinker finds herself inside a small, tightly compacted facility of some kind. Dozens of machines aim at her in a manner she finds unnerving. Some of them appear to be the scanners that scoured every inch of her body, but others clearly seem to be weapons... weapons capable of obliterating her existence at the molecular level, if need be.

"This is my makeshift Entry Depot." Jason explains. "I didn't expect to have any visitors, but after I patched Kar's soul up, I spent a couple of days building it. This way, I can be sure anyone I bring here won't be bringing any _unwanted guests_ along."

Blinker nods slowly. She stares at Jason for a moment, taking note of his lightly stubbled face. It appears he hasn't shaved in at least a month.

"Wh... where are we?" Blinker asks. "The gravity feels strange here."

"We're not on Tarus II." Jason says cryptically. "You can call this place... Chrona."

"Chrona." Blinker repeats, mouthing the word carefully. "Uhh... okay. So where is my husband?"

Jason smiles, but the expression seems forced.

"He's... well, follow me. I'll show you."

Seeing the lack of enthusiasm on Jason's face, Blinker's stomach sinks. She begins to wring her hands together in fear as Jason turns around and walks over to the door a few feet away. When he opens it, Blinker follows after him, her heart in her throat.

The Monster Queen steps outside. She lifts her eyes upward, then blinks in a daze.

"What... the...?"

The sky above 'revolves' at an alarming speed. It spins and twists violently, making her feel as if there is a spatial whirlpool surrounding the 'planet' she finds herself on. The ground beneath her feet turns out to be made entirely of steel, without a hint of dirt, grass, or greenery anywhere to be seen. At the same time, different sorts of buildings dot the landscape, perhaps only two dozen in total. The tallest one looks like a huge antennae aimed at the sky, while the smallest one seems to be a house made for a small family to live comfortably.

"Like I said," Jason explains, as he begins walking toward one of the mid-sized buildings, "I wasn't expecting visitors. I threw a little something together for Kar's sake, but once you two are done here, I really need to get back to my work."

Blinker tentatively follows the tall human as he walks toward that small, square structure up ahead.

"Chrona." Blinker repeats again. "What is this place, Jason?"

Jason doesn't answer. He continues walking forward as if he didn't hear her question.

He pushes open a door to the small building, then steps aside and gestures within.

"After you."

Blinker nods. She walks into the building, and Jason follows after her. When she enters, Blinker gazes around, spotting a myriad assortment of hastily-thrown-together, experimental, gimmicky-looking pieces of technology. Many of them look like they were cobbled from spare parts in a rush, with some of their exterior panels or other vanity pieces missing.

"This is a hospital." Jason explains. "Well. Sort of. Fiona helped me whip it up just for Kar. I wasn't expecting him to be in such bad shape. It's a miracle we were able to keep him alive..."

Jason shakes his head, making Blinker's stomach sink even further.

"Jason. Please... is he okay? Is my husband... alright?"

The Wordsmith sighs.

He points toward a white sheet hiding a bed in the corner. Behind it, Blinker can barely make out the vague shadowy figure of a crocodilian body laying motionless on a bed.

"KAR!!" Blinker cries.

The Fairy flaps her wings and rushes over to the sheet. She yanks it aside, finally getting her first look at her husband's figure.

Kar lays unmoving on a hospital bed. His chest rises and falls. His familiar crocodile body looks exactly as Blinker remembers it, from before the Battle Brothers killed him.

Blinker gently takes Kar's claw in her hands. Tears well up in her eyes.

"Kar... Kar, are you awake? Kar?"

Jason walks up behind the fairy, a dark look lingering in his eyes.

"That bastard, Mephisto. I don't know what he did to Kar, but his soul was... it was in a sorry shape, Blinker. I wanted to bring him back as good as new... but I couldn't."

Blinker sniffles. She paws at her eyes, then turns to look at Jason as tears run down her face.

"What do you mean? Speak plainly!"

Jason chews his lower lip. He closes his eyes and rubs the bridge of his nose.

"It's just... he's so weak now, Blinker. So weak. His soul was- I couldn't reform it properly. I could only mend the worst cracks and drip a bit of life back into him. But... his days of using magic are over. His soul is so fragile that it might not even be possible for him to walk again. His control over his body is going to be poor at best."

Blinker struggles to breathe. She swallows shallow gasps of breath while trying to keep her heart firm.

"Will he... wake up?"

Jason nods. He opens his eyes and exhales.

"Yes. He can talk. He's still mentally 'here.' His psyche was resilient. But you should know... Mephisto brutally tortured him. Kar suffered terribly. For the moment, I'll have to hold him here so I can keep an eye on his condition. His soul is like a leaky sieve. I can't rush the healing process, so it might be a few months until he can stay awake for more than thirty minutes at a time."

"Can't your Wordsmithing fix him?" Blinker asks.

"I thought it could. But no. Even my Wordsmithing has limits. I'm no good with healing brains, and I'm no good with souls, either."

Jason clears his throat.

"If you, uh, want, I can get a little room set up for you. You're free to stay here with him. It's the least I can do for the two of you."

Blinker nods hurriedly, as if afraid Jason will rescind the offer.

"Yes, yes, of course! I'll stay here. With him."

Jason nods his head sheepishly. He takes a few steps back, averting his eyes.

"Well, uh, I'm sure you will want some privacy. If you need me, I'll be... outside."

After Blinker nods, Jason turns and walks away, leaving her alone with her husband.

It's only once Jason leaves that Blinker can finally break down and collapse to her knees, crying tears of anguish and relief.

"Kar... Kar...!"

---

_Somewhere inside the Labyrinth._

Dozens of shadowy figures roam the deepest, darkest corners of Hell.

These figures do not move with purpose.

They do not hold any particular intent in their minds.

Rather, they are like lost souls.

These shadowy figures move from right to left, and then right to left again. They roam around as if in a daze, lost and confused.

"We... my name... my name was... you are? Where am I... where was I going...?"

Men and women alike, these living shadows stumble about in a daze, moving toward no particular destination. Sometimes they bump into one another, gazing into each other's blackened eyes without understanding what they can even see.

A female shadow seemingly 'melts' onto the floor, then recongeals her body into something vaguely human shaped.

"Vic... Victoria... that name... it means something to me..." The woman mumbles to herself. "Was it my name? Was it someone else's?"

She turns to look at another shadow standing nearby. "Excuse me, do you know who I am?"

"How should I know?! I don't even know who **I** am!" The other shadow shrieks. "Aaaaiiiee! This is scary! So scary! How did I get here?! Who are all of you? Who am I?!"

"Please don't yell." A third shadow, this one vaguely masculine, says. "My head hurts when you yell. Do any of you know who I am?"

"I already said I DON'T KNOW!" The second female shadow screams. "LEAVE ME ALONE!! AIIEE!"

As these roaming male and female shadows try to figure out who they are, a tiny, vaguely feminine shadow appears amidst all the others. Despite looking no different from the rest, her diminutive stature makes her stand out in a way one might not anticipate.

"Everyone." The small shadow says. "Please come to me. I have remembered."

"You've remembered?"

"This one knows! She knows something!"

"Quickly, let's hear what she has to say! Shush, you! Stop making such a racket!"

The other shadows, hundreds, even thousands of them, race toward the tiny female and quiet down in anticipation of her words.

"We are Shades." The small shadow says. "Shades and Shadow-walkers. We had a purpose. Our purpose was to serve Emperor Yama. He held us against our will. But he is dead now."

"Emperor Yama!" A female Shade exclaims. "That name is familiar to me!"

"I don't know why, but I hate that name!" Another Shade cries. "I hate it. Hate it!! Terrible name! Skree-ow!!"

The small Shade holds up what appear to be her palms.

"Please, everyone. I am not done."

"Of course, Wise One! Speak, and we will listen!" A male Shadow-Walker exclaims.

"My name..." She says, pausing for a half-second. "My name... I have forgotten my true name. But Yama called me Silent. He called me that because I do not like to speak. Each of us had a different name. But Yama changed our names to whatever suited him most. Now that he is dead, we do not have to obey his commands any longer."

"We don't?" Another Shade asks. "Wonderful! But what should we do now? Do we have a purpose?"

Silent doesn't answer for a few, long seconds.

"A purpose. I do not know."

"You are the Wise One." A Shadow-Walker states. "Tell us what to do!"

"I do not want to give any orders." Silent states. "I want to find... my brother. I had a brother. I need to find my brother."

"Your brother. Wonderful! Then our purpose is to help you find your brother." The Shadow-Walker repeats, as if to give himself even the slightest direction. "Who is your brother? What does he look like?"

"I... do not know." Silent answers, her voice soft. "I cannot remember. He was... like this. And he had a face... like... like this."

Silent speaks as if pointing to a portrait of her brother's face, but she makes no special effort to actually describe his appearance.

Even she cannot remember much, beyond a hazy outline of his face.

"Wise One, Lady Silent!" The Shadow-Walker says. "If you had a brother, then we will help you find him. How many brothers can there be among our ranks? He must be here."

"I do not think he is one of us. He is not a Shadow." Silent says quietly. "But... but... I do not know. I wish I could remember... it is all so... hazy..."

Silent begins to cry. She presses her shadowy hands against her face, weeping softly as she struggles to form the haziest links between her memories.

But she fails.

Silent cannot remember her past in any great level of detail, no matter how deeply she wishes she could.

A nearby Shade touches her back to comfort her.

"Lady Silent. Do not cry! We will help you to find your brother. Until we have remembered who we are, you can act as our leader. We will serve you and do anything you command!"

Silent nods her head between choked sobs. "Th-thank you.. thank you all. I do not deserve such kindness. I am a failure of a sister."

"You have told us what we are." The Shadow-Walker states. "That alone is a great help. In my eyes, you are truly a Wise One! Do not call yourself a failure, or all of us will weep in your stead."

Silent nods repeatedly.

"Thank you all. Thank you, all of you..."