Part 725: Deep Space Horrors

_Deep space. Stardate 207.715 of the Ancient Volgrim Empire._

The 11-ALX Passenger Cruiser flew through the void, its passage uninhibited. Every cycle, Unarin spent 10 standard time units on the ship's Bridge, where the red Changeling was assigned to observe interstellar phenomena. The Volgrim had been a space-faring species for many generations, but space was truly vast beyond belief. They had not mapped out even 2% of their home galaxy yet, and they had managed to colonize less than 0.01% of its star systems.

In recent cycles, with the revelations of life in other galaxies, and the threat of powerful enemies from afar coming to the Milky Way to unleash devastation, the rulers of the sub-species had grown somewhat fearful. They had started expanding more aggressively and pursuing 'national' interests in order to plant their flags on the best worlds possible. 

The Psions valued worlds rich in exotics, worlds with powerful exobeast predators they could hunt and use to train their military-grade warriors on, and worlds with strange and deadly atmospheres the other sub-species could not traverse or invade without incurring significant risks. Rumor had it the Psions had already built a fearsome base on a world so distant it was a pipe-dream for the Technopaths to locate it, and the world was so hostile to biological life than none could actually invade it even if they wanted to strike a blow against the Psions.

The Changelings, on the other hand, highly valued worlds rich in life. They sought out paradise-class worlds, especially ones that housed intelligent Sentients the Changelings could learn to mimic. Changelings had the unique ability to mimic the Uniqueness of other species once they studied them for long enough, granting them access to all sorts of strange abilities. As for worlds rich in resources, the Changelings didn't care about them too much.

The Technopaths valued resources the most. They needed high grade exotics to build their ships, their computers and technology, their warp drives, and their power reactors. They did not care whether or not a world had intelligent life already living on it. Strip-mining such worlds and killing the planet's inhabitants was a fine and logical choice, much to the anger of the Psions and Changelings both. After all, even a world without exobeasts might someday evolve new and unique ones, so the Psions would not want to lose those worlds. And for the Changelings, losing worlds with Sentient species they could mimic was also a huge loss.

Thus, the Changelings and Technopaths nominally allied with one another, pooling their resources to fight back against the fearsome Psions, but neither of these two sub-species truly trusted one another.

Even on board the 11-ALX, Technopaths were the majority, and there were only two Changelings aboard. There were no Psions, as they would not deign to set foot aboard a ship unless they were a trashy low-level Psion lacking in the ability to traverse the void by themselves. Usually, if those Psions wished to travel abroad, they would pay a more powerful Psion to ferry them to their destination, though 'accidents' inevitably occurred when the stronger Psion sometimes eliminated their future competition.

The Ancient Volgrim Empire was a vicious place to live. It was full of vitality and ambition, with cutthroat political tactics designed to take as much as possible from everyone else while giving back as little as possible.

Unarin calmly observed the distant emanations of a black hole as the 11-ALX shot past it. Even at high warp speeds, Unarin was still able to monitor the black hole's energy readings, its size, its accretion disk, and other such parameters before the ship went out of range. Unfortunately, when traveling at warp speeds, the scanner's effectiveness was reduced by quite a margin. It was always better to exit warp speed when scanning, but this had the downside of leaving the ship open to attack.

Some time later, the ship entered the edge of a nebula, which Unarin also dutifully recorded, jotting down notes about the nebula's visible star composition. 

Aboard the bridge, the Navigation Officer, a blue-skinned Technopath named Aulis, raised his tendrils. "Captain. We are picking up a signal inside the nebula."

Captain Goldis frowned. "A distress signal?"

He hoped it wasn't. The Volgrim had yet to encounter any other space-faring civilizations within the Milky Way, so a distress signal typically meant a shipwrecked Technopath vessel. According to their naval laws, they would have to re-route to investigate, which could add one or more cycles to the voyage if they also had to rescue any stranded crew.

"I am uncertain, Captain." Aulis answered. "It does not immediately appear to be a distress signal... but the signal _is_ Volgrim in origin. It is repeating a message, but the data is rather garbled. I will need one to two full cycles to clean the signal up. Should we ignore it or re-route?"

Goldis hemmed and hawed. He chewed his lower lip thoughtfully.

"How far out is the signal's point of origin?" The Captain eventually asked.

"Roughly twenty parsecs." Aulis answered.

Goldis looked uncertain. "It will take us six standard time-units to re-route to the coordinates, and the extra distance we'll need to travel afterward will add another three standard time-units. But if we ignore it, a ship's-log inspection will reveal the discrepancy..."

"The signal is coming from within the nebula, Captain." Aulis reported. "The voyage could be hazardous."

As the time units ticked by, the Captain couldn't seem to make up his mind. "What nebula is this? Do we have any information on its characteristics?"

"I have a name, but little else." Unarin volunteered. "Star-charts refer to it as the _X-73 Aqualine Nebula_. My preliminary results have shown that the nebula is mainly filled with nitrogen and hydrogen gasses, along with scattered meteoroids. Due to concentrations of exotic gasses deeper in the nebula, our scanners are unable to penetrate any deeper."

"X-73." Goldis repeated. "Good old X-73. Well, it's possible a previous Technopath ship may have left a wayfinder inside in order to travel back inside and uncover a hidden cache. If we investigate it, we might uncover something valuable. It's also possible the nebula is garbling the transmission and a fellow Technopath is trapped inside, adrift among the void. It wouldn't be right for us to ignore fellow spacers. Alright! We'll travel into the nebula to investigate. Everyone, go to yellow alert. I want all crew ready in the event of a rescue exercise. Let's get this over with quickly!"

Ultimately, Goldis's empathy won out over his annoyance. After all, what if it was his ship adrift in a nebula? Wouldn't he want someone to come and save him?

Goldis wasn't entirely unique among most Captains, but he was a rare breed. Most would rather prioritize their own interests and the safety of their crew over potentially saving some random Volgrim they didn't even know.

As the ship re-routed and entered yellow alert, the few crew members who were off-duty came back to the Bridge. In times like these, every extra set of hands and eyes was needed. The few Technopaths who couldn't fit on the Bridge due to limited seats instead opted to station themselves in critical compartments, like the engine and shield bays. Then, if something went wrong, they could swiftly address the problem.

It was at this time that the Bridge doors opened. The only other Changeling on board besides Unarin entered. They had bright pink coloration on their skin, somewhat mirroring Unarin's deep crimson colors, albeit in a different shade of the light spectrum.

The pink Changeling walked over and sat at the observation seat next to Unarin.

"Ah, Muuxunuu." Unarin said, directing its attention to the newcomer. "We've picked up a potential distress call inside the nebula. We're entering the nebula to investigate. I'll have to trouble you to keep an eye on the port-side sensors, while I will focus on the starboard ones."

Muuxunuu blinked its large eyes. "Yes. This one contemplates, and this one comprehends."

The two Changelings got to work, saying little as the ship flew deeper and deeper into the nebula. With their combined efforts, they mapped out a path around and through several hazardous lightning zones, and they even detected localized gravimetric disturbances that nearly yanked the ship out of warp.

"Captain." Muuxunuu said, its voice monotone and emotionless. "This one has detected a debris field consistent with the pattern of a stealth cruiser. It is a 0.5km bombing vessel that appears to originate from Clan Dynamo."

"Is it the source of the distress signal?" Goldis asked warily.

"Negative, Captain." Muuxunuu answered. "We are still five lightcycles away from the signal's source."

Goldis's frown deepened. He appeared visibly worried by the revelation of this lost vessel. "Continue onward. Changelings, give me any information you can regarding the vessel as we pass by it. Look for survivors, tell me how old the wreck is, and any other pertinent intelligence."

As the Captain ordered, so the two Changelings followed. Unarin informed the Captain that ship's wreckage was badly corroded by some sort of acidic fluid, and it appeared to be at least 50 orbital cycles old. Muuxunuu naturally did not uncover any life-signs, but when she created a cross-section of the damage to the hull, every Technopath on the Bridge gaped at it with wide-eyes.

"What in the damnation...?" Goldis hissed. "What sort of weapon could do this to a ship? It looks as if multiple payloads bore into the vessels hull and ripped it apart from the inside. But there's no sign of explosive damage. A kinetic weapon, perhaps?"

The Weapons Officer, a green-skinned female Technopath named Sharya, spoke up. "Captain, if I may be so bold... these are not the signs of weapon damage. They appear to be... bite marks."

Navigation Officer Aulis's felt his skin turn cold. "Bite marks? How giant would a beast have to be to leave such markings?!"

The unease in the pit of Goldis's stomach deepened. "Navigation, all-stop. Let us pause for a moment to evaluate potential threats."

After a moment, the 11-ALX shuddered as it exited warp-speed. All at once, the sensors cleared up, as they now only had to fight the nebula's interference and not the interference caused by traveling at warp speed as well. Traveling at such high velocities always made it difficult to obtain accurate scans of the local space. This was one of the reasons science and observation officers were so important.

Unarin's eyebrows suddenly shot up in surprise. "Captain! I have detected another debris field. There is a second wrecked ship six hundred light-minutes from our location! The debris field is from a battlecruiser belonging to Clan Symmetra."

"Captain, this one has discovered a third debris field." Muuxunuu said, much more calmly. "It belongs to Clan Dynamo, like the first wreck."

Goldis's heart nearly stopped. As a mid-level naval officer, he had heard of potential threats lurking within the void, but he assumed those threats were only rumors.

Until now.

"This isn't a nebula... it's a graveyard!" Goldis exclaimed. "All crew, go to red alert! Navigation, plot the fastest way out! Any direction, it doesn't matter!"

Aulis nearly jumped out of his skin when he heard the terror in his captain's voice. It was at this moment, when a Captain should remain most calm, that his fear had managed to infect the crew.

But Goldis couldn't help it. The rumors he had heard were now beginning to come back to him, and it was only upon stumbling into this grave of ships that he learned how foolish he had been to bring a defenseless passenger vessel so deep into uncharted territory.

An alarm blared on the bridge. Aulis' voice jumped an octave. "Captain! Subspace disruptions five light-minutes off the starboard bow. Something is emerging from a higher dimension!"

"Hurry, full speed in the opposite direction!" Goldis barked. "Move!"

Goldis's hand gripped his seat's arm tightly, turning his knuckles white. He gritted his teeth as he saw an absolutely massive... _something_... appearing on the sensors.

"The entity is accelerating toward us. We're pulling away." Aulis said, doing his best to calm his nerves.

"Weapons, launch whatever we've got at that thing. Slow it down!" Goldis ordered.

Unfortunately, the 11-ALX was a passenger vessel. It had a complement of munitions designed to repel pirates, but the weapons were barely even effective at that. Rogue Technopaths were rare, but they were a nuisance every ship designer had to account for.

Weapons Officer Sharya launched all four of the ship's ionization missiles backward. These weapons were designed to shut down technological systems and give the passenger vessel a chance to increase the distance between itself and a pursuer.

Thirty long seconds passed. Goldis looked at the scanners, which showed the unknown Entity still pursuing them. The 11-ALX was slowly gaining distance, but the speed difference was shrinking every second. At the same time, the missiles detonated, but the Entity did not slow its approach.

"Negligible impact on our pursuer." Sharya hissed through gritted teeth. Her mouth-tendrils trembled nervously. "Firing rear impact cannons..."

A faint thrumming inside the Bridge was all the crew heard as the lightweight guns unloaded their kinetic rounds backward, hoping to scare the predator off. But Goldis and the others knew this was worse than a shot in the dark. If a battlecruiser could be destroyed by the horror pursuing them, then what good were their piddly weapons?

Indeed, Sharya monitored the impact of her final desperate attack, and sighed, seeing that they hadn't slowed down the unknown Entity at all. It continued to slowly gain on them.

"Within thirty time-units, our pursuer will reach us." Aulis said, his tone despondent. "We are unable to transmit any distress signals beyond the nebula's confines. The local radiometric interference is too strong."

Minutes passed. The entire crew begin to perspire with fear as the dot on their scanners grew closer and closer. They were traveling at Warp 7, the maximum speed their ship would move, yet the creature seemed to glide behind their slipstream, gaining ground for every time-unit that passed.

"So this is how it ends." Goldis growled. "Killed by some void horror lurking within a nebula."

It wasn't long before a roar tore through subspace. It was not made of sound, but pressurized energy. When it struck the rear of the fleeing ship, a muffled _boom_ tore through the ship's interior, rattling the bones of every Volgrim onboard and rupturing the internal organs of some of the weakest passengers. Blood sprayed from the mouths of several Technopath passengers, who fell unconscious immediately afterward. The Captain's bones ground together painfully, wracking his entire body with agony. The other Officers weren't any better off.

"Cough! Some sort of... attack!" Sharya wheezed, her eyes filled with painful tears. She leaned heavily on her console, looking at the ship's readings with fearful eyes. "Captain... rrrgh... the shields are at fifteen percent. Our warp-drives are damaged and need repairs... if we keep pushing them, we risk a reactor overload... the whole ship could blow!"

"If we stop moving, we're dead anyway!" Goldis barked. "Better to die in an explosion than in the pits of this monster's stomach!"

The situation was truly dire. It would take the 11-ALX another two standard time units to break out of the nebula's nearest edge, but they didn't even have one time-unit to spare.

The monster was almost upon them.

Goldis looked at the viewscreen. Whatever was pursuing them was effectively invisible to the naked eye. Their sensors couldn't even detect its body. They only knew it existed because of the immense gravimetric distortions it emitted as it tore through space.

It was a stealth predator. It likely laid in wait inside the nebula, gobbling up ships as foolish as theirs that dared to enter. Perhaps the Volgrim distress beacon wasn't even real, but an artificial signal produced by the creature, or perhaps the signal was left online from a previously destroyed vessel to lure in future ships so they would meet their demise.

But none of that mattered anymore. Goldis knew the jig was up, and the 11-ALX was about to perish. Perhaps if it were a military vessel, he might go out in one final blaze of glory, unloading every last weapon futilely into the monster while shouting 'Glory to the Volgrim Empire!', but that would not happen today. His ship was simply too weak.

Suddenly, a voice spoke from behind the Captain, at the Observation Desk. It was Unarin's voice. "Captain. The scanners are picking up a Psion converging on our location. They appear to be... a 6th-Level Psion!"

On any other day, those words would frighten the Captain out of his wits. But at this point, he and his crew were already dead. A hated and feared enemy they recognized was far better than an invisible horror they didn't.

"The Psion is heading directly for the Entity." Muuxunuu said with the same calmness as ever. "Contact in fifteen micro-time-units. Fourteen. Thirteen..."

The crew held their breaths as they waited.

A few moments later, Sharya spoke.

"Contact. The Psion has struck the Entity. The Entity has ceased its forward momentum and is no longer pursuing us. The Psion and the Entity are engaged in battle. I'm picking up extreme spikes in psionic activity..."

The ship continued to race away, but with the Entity occupied, the Captain hesitantly lowered the ship's warp speed to 6.7. This lowered the pressure on the warp coils and allowed the technicians to enter and perform maintenance. In this way, a full standard time-unit passed, and the ship neared the edge of the nebula.

"Captain. I am registering the approach of the 6th-Level Psion." Unarin said. "I can no longer detect the presence of the Entity."

"Yellow alert." Goldis said through gritted teeth. "They might be our savior, but Psions do not generally assist Technopaths for free. In fact, they would usually be quite pleased to see us perish."

A short time passed. Eventually, the Psion drew close enough to the ship that she could transmit her voice inside to the minds of all the passengers and crew.

[I am Protector Dosena.] The Psion said. [I have driven away the Void Beast. It will pursue you no longer. Is your ship damaged? Are any Volgrim injured?]

Goldis blinked. The female Psion did not exactly have a warm tone, but she sounded surprisingly friendly. He had never encountered such a situation before.

"Our ship is lightly damaged, but luckily you drove away the... Void Beast, you said? You drove it away before it made contact with us. Some of our passengers have suffered light injuries, but nothing our medical teams cannot handle."

[Then you are fortunate.] Dosena said, her form unseen, her words projected through the ship's defenses into the minds of all who could not help but listen. [This insidious Void Beast has destroyed many ships and killed multiple Psions. I was tasked with slaying it, but it managed to escape before I could do so. In a way, I owe you for baiting it out for me. It was my own failure to defeat the creature that allowed it to get away. If you would like, I will come aboard and protect you until you arrive at your destination.]

Goldis gaped; his mouth hung open. 6th Level Psions were considered 'Cosmics'. Once they reached that level, any Psion would sneer at the thought of setting foot aboard a starship, let alone one as shabby as the 11-ALX. He couldn't believe his ears.

"You... want to come aboard?" Goldis replied, trying not to sound too distrusting. He feared this might be a ploy to infiltrate the crew and steal secrets, but then again, what Psion would care about the 'secrets' of a vessel as trashy as the 11-ALX?

[As I stated, I owe you a minor debt for baiting the creature out.] Dosena repeated. [I wish to repay that debt. That is all.]

"But... the Technopaths and Psions are enemies." Goldis said hesitantly. "Why save us at all? Why not let us die?"

A moment of silence followed.

[What do such matters have to do with me?] Dosena questioned. [The conflicts of other Psions are not ones I care about. I pursue strength honorably. I will not allow harm to befall those who have done no wrong, especially if it is within my power to prevent.]

Goldis was gob-smacked by Dosena's words. This Psion was different from the others in a way he couldn't quite put his tendrils on.

After a few seconds, Goldis nodded. "Well, I would be a thankless wretch if I said no. Let us lower the shields, and you can come aboard."

[There is no need.] Dosena said simply.

An instant later, a figure flickered inside the Bridge, startling the crew. Goldis jumped out of his seat, alarmed. "Spatial Psionics?!"

[I have a minor ability in that field.] Dosena said, her words humble, but her tone arrogant. [That is part of the reason I was dispatched to execute the X-73 Vantablack. I am able to pursue it when it slips into the higher dimensions, though its talent is much higher than mine in traversing those dimensions. To date, it has eluded death three times at my hands.]

"The X-73 Vantablack." Goldis repeated, awe in his eyes. "That creature... you called it a Void Beast?"

Dosena turned her eyes up into a sneer. [We Psions are much further ahead than the Technopaths when it comes to exploring the galaxy. It is no wonder you have not yet widely disseminated information regarding Void Beasts and Great Void Beasts. They are exobeasts that live deep within the harshness of the void, thriving on exotics, minerals, gasses, and even planets. Judging by the wreckage within the nebula, it seems you metal-lovers just _love_ to keep wandering in to feed it the nutrients it needs to grow, making my job _much more difficult._]

The crew looked at Dosena as if she were a ghost. The Void Beast that had attacked them was so terrifying, yet she beat it within an inch of its life, and she was only a 6th Level Psion. They could only imagine how frightening the higher ranked Psions were!

[Bring your ship to a stop and conduct all the necessary repairs. In the meantime, I will pull it out of the nebula with my abilities.] Dosena said casually. [If you wish to repay me, just spread some rumors saying I nearly killed the beast. This will increase my prestige and eventually add to my Battle Merits.]

"Of course." Goldis said, bowing his head thankfully. "We are indebted to you for saving our lives, Protector Dosena."

As Goldis and Dosena spoke, Unarin watched from the Observation Console.

"What a fascinating Psion." Unarin mused. "I think I like her."

Question marks metaphorically popped up over Muuxunuu's head.

"_Hmm?_"