Part 738: Master and Pupil

_Far-Future Era. Day 21, AJR. The world of Sharmur._

Cassiel, Belial, Beelzebub, and Kiari all stood together on a western mountaintop in Melodia, waiting to see what would happen next. Before their eyes, the stars in the sky abruptly vanished, followed by the appearance of a brilliant golden light that shrouded the entire sky. This light came from the interior of the Cube, and was just as bright as Sharmur's star, except it came from all directions. The abrupt change in luminosity made all these powerful champions of humanity squint their eyes. They had to look away, since the brightness was so extreme.

"Looks like it's finally done." Belial said. "I hope Melody is okay."

"Yeah." Kiari said, her expression downcast.

Ever since her husband's funeral, she had been shrouded in a fog of gloom. Sometimes the fog would lift, but it would always return. Belial had been going out of her way to spend a bit of time with Kiari, given their shared trauma. But right now, Belial had to stay beside Cassiel due to the threat of Gressil returning at any moment. Thus, she could only talk with Kiari if Kiari happened to drop by.

Cassiel's mood was equally somber. It hadn't even been a day since Gressil terrorized her, but she had already recovered somewhat. She still jumped at shadows. She still flinched if she thought she saw something out of the corner of her eyes. She believed he was watching her at all times, which made sleep impossible to come by.

But, despite these issues, Cassiel had slowly been building up her courage again. She was afraid of Gressil, yes. Terrified, even. But at the same time, she was also _tired_ of being afraid of him. It was exhausting, jumping at every little shadow that strayed across her vision. Her nerves were well beyond the point of being 'frazzled' and now they just wanted a rest.

There were dark bags under Cassiel's eyes. She blinked her eyes slowly, then leaned her head against Belial's shoulder, wrapping an arm around the succubi's arm afterward.

Belial glanced at the sleepy angel. "You want to rest?"

"Yes..." Cassiel said. "But... I don't know... if I can."

Belial chewed her lower lip. She looked at Beelzebub and Kiari. They met her gaze, sympathy in their eyes.

"Let's go to that underbrush over there." Kiari suggested. "Cass, you can take a nap, alright? The three of us will watch over you."

Cassiel's eyes drooped a little further. "I... alright. Thank you. I really do... need it."

Belial helped Cassiel over to the underbrush where the brilliant light of the Cube wasn't so oppressive. Beneath the dense canopy of the forest atop the mountain, Cassiel laid down among some plants, and Belial sat beside her cross-legged. Cassiel hesitantly laid her head on Belial's thigh, then closed her eyes.

Pureblooded angels didn't need to sleep. Lazarites also didn't usually need to sleep unless they were running low on Faith Energy. But Cassiel's exhaustion came less from her biology and more from her burnt-out mental capacitors. She just didn't have much left in her tank.

The other two Emperors sat nearby. Beelzebub and Kiari sat somewhat apart, forming a triangle with Belial, Cassiel positioned in the middle of them. In this way, they could watch out for each other's backs, just in case Gressil sneak-attacked them. Kiari also maintained a close connection to thousands of venomous bugs in the forest. She secretly hoped Gressil would show his face so she could force a swarm of critters down his gullet. Making him choke to death would be a humorously appropriate way to eliminate his evil from the universe.

There was something _mildly_ humorous about the last living angel being watched over by three Demon Emperors. But that went without saying.

After the trio sat down, they remained silent for a while. Cassiel was truly exhausted. She fell asleep within ten minutes, her breathing steadying as she entered a dream realm of unknown sorts.

Belial looked at Beelzebub and Kiari. They nodded, agreeing not to even mention Gressil, lest they accidentally cause Cassiel to subconsciously endure nightmares, or just worsen the ones she was probably already having.

"The Phoenix tells me everything went well." Beelzebub said, his voice quiet so as to not wake Cassiel. "Sharmur's star system is now inside the Cube. We no longer have Warpgate access to the Labyrinth, or anywhere else."

Kiari looked at Cassiel, Inwardly, she wondered if Gressil traveled back to the Labyrinth, or if he came to Sharmur before it was transported. Naturally, she did not give voice to this question.

"In a day and a half, we'll reach Pixiv." Kiari said instead. "Assuming all goes well... what next? Does the Cube just hide while humans live in time acceleration?"

"It cannot hide forever." Beelzebub warned. "The Cube can conceal its presence to a great extent thanks to the dimensional barriers between its realm and Realspace. However, Cosmics who approach the Cube's general vicinity can still sense its presence. They won't be able to pinpoint it easily, but if they possess spatial magic or psionics or other similar abilities, they might be able to forcefully enter the Cube's dimension."

Beelzebub was quite knowledgeable about the Cube now. He wasn't an idiot, and was in fact quite the learned demon. He could communicate telepathically with the Phoenix from any distance in the universe, made easier now that he was inside the Cube itself. In this way, the Phoenix didn't even need to visit these Emperors. She could let Beelzebub do all the talking.

"Raphael possesses such abilities." Kiari muttered. She hadn't interacted with the Archangel ever, but like most people, she knew the general intel on him. Now that he was one of humanity's greatest enemies, this intel had been widely disseminated among those might otherwise not have known.

"Any luck getting in touch with Chrona?" Belial asked.

Beelzebub shook his head. "None. We have no idea what their situation is. The last we heard, their time dilation was still accelerating... so..."

He trailed off, the implication clear.

The only hope humanity had of contacting Chrona was via the fairies, or possibly Marie Becker, since Rebecca the Cybernite was inside Chrona.

In the worst case situation, it was possible Chrona's dimension could accelerate to such a speed that it would implode, killing everyone inside!

Based on the predictions of humanity's few remaining experts, particularly their fairy allies, Hans Wagner, and Mandy Hiro inside the Hall of Heroes, it didn't seem as though Chrona would be destroyed just yet, but time was running out.

"There's a bigger question we need to ask." Beelzebub said, carefully looking between Kiari and Belial as he spoke. "Can we win? Can _humanity_ win? Mere survival is not good enough. If the humans' only goal is to survive, they are not thinking ahead far enough."

He continued. "The Phoenix has spoken to me regarding a few Truths. Did you know that at some point in the near future, maybe a year from now, maybe a million years from now, the barriers around all the galaxies in the universe are going to drop? Once they drop, an extragalactic war will begin!"

Belial nodded. "I've heard about that. Didn't catch all the details, though."

"Well, let me tell you then." Beelzebub explained. "It's known as Akasha's War. Sometimes referred to as The Game of Rulers. Often deemed _The Game_ for short. Once it begins, the war will not end until this Eternity ends. And when the Eternity ends, the entire universe will collapse, then a new Eternity will begin! We're talking about trillions, even septillions of years between the birth and death of our universe!"

He spoke fervently, though he kept his voice low so as to not wake up Cassiel.

After a long moment, Belial shrugged. "So?"

"So? What do you mean _so_, woman?" Beelzebub spat. "Humanity's very existence hangs in the balance. If you think things are bad now, just wait until the Akashic Barriers drop. Humans, demons, and everyone else will become meat on the chopping block. Our galaxy is way too weak to handle enemies from other galaxies!"

Beelzebub frowned. Despite his words, neither Belial nor Kiari looked particularly bothered about it.

"I know it seems like a big deal to you, Beelzebub." Kiari eventually said. "But... I'm only 3,000 years old. Even Samantha is only 100,000 years old. If this big war starts in a million years, then she'll be 10 times older, stronger, and wiser. I'll be hundreds of times older, stronger, and wiser. Assuming we're even alive at that point."

"So, the way I see it," Kiari continued, "I think you're focusing on events that might be so far in the future, humanity will have already become way stronger, or been rendered extinct. We have to focus on the here and now."

Belial snorted. "That's not all, Kiari. The fact is, humanity is going to go extinct anyway. All of us are. Once the Eternity ends, we'll all be dead. So, winning or losing a far-future war might matter for our descendants, but worrying about surviving until the end of the Eternity... it really doesn't matter. All I care about, personally, is protecting the people I care about."

Belial subconsciously stroked Cassiel's hair as she said this. She didn't even realize what she'd done.

"Well..." Beelzebub relented. "You're not _wrong_. Wringing my hands over future events tens of times more distant than the birth of my universe does feel rather idiotic."

Beelzebub thought about it more, and he realized that while the Phoenix was incredibly ancient and had been born quite close to the birth of the universe, very few other entities in the Milky Way were like her. Beelzebub himself certainly wasn't. For the Phoenix, 100 million years might feel like a thousand years for Belial, or a hundred years for Kiari. Their scales of thinking were far too different.

At the same time, what was the point worrying about humanity's survival when they, and every other species in the universe, would die off someday anyway? Nobody could truly live forever, not even the Rulers who endured multiple Eternities. Perhaps even Akasha himself might die someday.

Beelzebub chuckled quietly. He returned his attention to the other two.

"How about this then?" Beelzebub suggested. "Let's just focus on making humanity stronger for the sake of making them less vulnerable. We want to avoid future tragedies as much as possible."

Kiari nodded. "I'd like that."

"So would I." Belial added. "But none of us are inventors. We're not builders, or technologists, or anything like that. We just... fight. What good are we?"

"You say we're not builders?" Beelzebub retorted. "Kiari's giant bugs can rapidly build cities. Your great strength and ability to stretch your body would surely help in assembling giant machines and structures. As for me? At the very least I could make for a capable... welder!"

Hardly had the words left his mouth before Beelzebub's face fell.

_Welder? Oh devils... is that all I'm good for? Melting two pieces of metal together?!_

"Actually, Beelzebub," Belial interjected, "you're an _energy_ producer. You can produce vast amounts of fire with minimal mana cost, and you recently started learning how to create electricity and lightning. I bet your powers have even more practical uses for humanity than mine would. Phoebe told me that once, some time back."

Beelzebub was surprised. He hadn't really given the full extent of his abilities much thought.

A few minutes of silence followed. A new idea bubbled inside Beelzebub's mind.

"I need to... think for a bit." Beelzebub said, gesturing toward a cliff high above them. "I'm going to go up there. You two, just call out if you need me."

"Oh. Okay." Belial said, raising an eyebrow. "But... if Gressil comes..."

Beelzebub stood up, then he snorted at Belial.

"If the former Second Emperor of Demonkind can't rip that ugly bastard a new hole, what will I be able to do? As long as you're here, he won't have the stones to show his face."

Beelzebub waved off her concerns. He strolled away, leaving the three women alone together.

Cassiel continued to snooze, her mind having drifted off into a deep dream. With Beelzebub gone, Belial and Kiari found themselves able to have more of a girl talk... having a man nearby changed the atmosphere enough that they never fully felt comfortable opening up.

And so, like this, they began to talk about a great many things. Their feelings, the changes coming to Sharmur and other worlds, and many similar such things.

But while they talked about the matters which were important to them, Beelzebub clambered onto a stone outcropping high above the women, where he could leap off and reach them in seconds if something went wrong. He was far enough away that even with his exceptional hearing he couldn't really hear their whispering, but if they screamed or yelled, he would be able to reinforce them within seconds.

As Beelzebub sat down cross-legged, he looked up into the brilliant glowing sky and sighed.

"Executor Sartran." Beelzebub said mildly. "How are you doing, you absolute bastard?"

Beelzebub reached into his soul and extracted a glowing lump of light. Unlike Jason Hiro and several others, Beelzebub did not have a Mind Realm. Thus, several weeks earlier, when he killed Executor Sartran following the destruction of Tarus II, he devoured Sartran's soul and put it into hibernation, rather than allowing the Executor to roam around freely within a living soul world.

Sartran's soul awakened. It shuddered in Beelzebub's grasp.

[I... where am I? Beelzebub! No! You killed me?!]

"I did." Beelzebub said mildly. "It's the least you deserve... after what you did to Tarus II. Because of the Volgrim, the Wordsmiths are dead, along with a million humans. Do you feel even the slightest regret over your evil deeds?"

Sartran's soul dimmed slightly. He could not take physical form, but his emotions were plainly visible to the one holding him in their grasp.

[...Beelzebub. I was not the one who destroyed your world. It was the Second Founder who did. And she was likely deceived-]

"By Creator Demila. Yes. I am well aware." Beelzebub said. "Quite some time has passed since we last spoke. About three weeks. Demila is dead. So are around 95% of all Psions."

A long moment of silence hung in the air.

[Wha... what?] Sartran asked, his tone ashen. [No... you... you are lying.]

"I wish I were." Beelzebub said. "Not that you Volgrim don't _deserve_ to suffer a reverse-genocide after what you did to Tarus II. It's quite amusing to see how quickly karma slapped you across the face! But unfortunately the war situation has changed as a result, and now everything is all messed up. Thus, my light regret about your people."

Sartran was confused. He had been essentially trapped in stasis inside Beelzebub's soul, not knowing what happened in the world outside. Thus, Beelzebub took a few minutes to catch the former Executor up to speed.

Beelzebub told Sartran about the destruction of Tarus II, Demila's betrayal, her assault on the Psion homeworlds, and her ultimate death on Volgarius, though Beelzebub didn't know the exact manner in which she died. Thanks to the Phoenix's keen senses, Beelzebub only knew that her soul had been extinguished, perhaps through some secret counter-measure by the Founders. But the Phoenix also knew of Mephisto's appearance, as well as Executor Nufaris's final sacrifice to kill him.

[Nufaris...] Sartran said, his soul dimming even further. [All the Executors... dead. Our Empire in ruins...]

Beelzebub sneered. "Oh, you poor thing. I could never imagine what you're going through. Don't worry, though. Things can only get worse from here! It turns out the Kolvaxians are actually agents of Archangel Uzziel, working in tandem with Archangel Raphael! Who knew, eh? Hahahaha, and now the Plague has us all surrounded, and our deaths are going to come sooner or later!"

[Why did you bring me out?] Sartran asked. [Merely to gloat? To laugh at my misfortune?]

"WELL, I'd be LYING if I said watching you cry about all this wasn't terribly entertaining!" Beelzebub roared with laughter. "It's really quite funny watching the galaxy's biggest bullies get their comeuppance! A bit of a knee-slapper if I don't say so myself!"

[Beelzebub...] Sartran groaned. [Look. Listen to me. I am _truly_ sorry about Tarus II. We were all deceived by Demila. She gave us false intelligence and brought ruin not only to humanity, but the Volgrim as well. True, humanity endured the first blow, but make no mistake, her actions were an attack secretly aimed at the Volgrim. Both our species were victims of her machinations.]

Beelzebub's laughter died off. He rubbed his nose with his free hand. "Of course I know that, you dimwit. Do you think I'm stupid? I already know we're both victims. But it's still quite funny seeing the 'omnipotent' Volgrim Empire get slapped around by one rogue agent like Demila! So much for the GENIUS of your First Founder! I guess even his 'keen strategic mind' couldn't see through her deception."

Sartran was quiet for a time.

[That was because Unarin had a blind spot for her. Demila was a million orbits of age. She had loyally served the Empire since her emergence. Even I was deceived. I refuse to believe she was always like this. Perhaps something changed her. Perhaps...]

Sartran mused to himself for a moment.

[Now that I think about it. Her personality did start to change not long ago. It was after... yes... I spoke to Nufaris about that matter. We dispatched her to execute Demon Emperor Gressil, but she somehow failed. It was a huge embarrassment. Gressil is well-known for being a liar and a deceiver. Is it possible he somehow grasped hold of her weakness and manipulated her to turn against her Empire?]

Beelzebub rolled his eyes. "Who cares? I'm sure there's some excuse you can use, some other person you can put the blame on. But it doesn't matter! What happened, _happened_, and now we need to move on."

Finally, Beelzebub decided to get around to the real reason he had retrieved Sartran's soul.

"I've come to consult with you." Beelzebub said. "I _was_ thinking about just devouring your soul, but the Phoenix told me it wouldn't make me any stronger, and the soul contamination of a Low Cosmic would surely weaken me by a great deal."

Sartran's outward projection of emotions didn't change. He seemed unaffected by Beelzebub's threats.

[What makes you think I would be willing to help the one who killed me?] Sartran asked. [Our enmity now is beyond redemption.]

"Oh, pish-posh, don't be such a sourpuss." Beelzebub said, waving his other hand lightly. "Your Empire is in pieces. The demons are scrambling to pull themselves together to stand a chance against the Plague, the humans are going into hiding, and the rest of the galaxy is _screwed_ if current trends keep up."

He continued. "Sartran, you once gave me some useful tips regarding my powers. I was wondering if you wouldn't like to educate me further?"

The Executor scoffed. [Why? So you can someday unleash your flames upon the Volgrim? Why would I empower a potential enemy to my Empire?]

"If your glorious Empire hadn't gotten its pants slapped off by Demila, you'd be right. But at this point, I like to think we're... even." Beelzebub said slowly. "That is, so long as your idiotic Founders don't fall for another spy in their midst and send another attack at the humans again. If that were to happen, then your worries would be rooted in reality."

A long moment of silence fell. Sartran's soul rested in Beelzebub's grasp. He looked at Beelzebub, and Beelzebub looked back at him.

[So... you wish for me to... teach you?] Sartran asked.

"Yes. I want to master my powers properly." Beelzebub said.

[Don't you find your request a bit shameless? I'm trapped within your grasp. I'm a hostage.] Sartran retorted.

"A hostage? Hardly." Beelzebub snorted. "That would imply I was using you to extort for a ransom. Your Empire has no idea you're still alive. I'm simply tapping into my resources to empower myself."

Beelzebub paused.

"Well, I suppose if you're unwilling, I could ask the Phoenix to help me extract the knowledge from your soul forcibly. It would no doubt be excruciating, and you would die. I just think it'd bring me bad karma to kill you in such a manner. I'd rather learn from you properly."

Sartran shuddered. He was no expert on soul manipulation, but he knew plenty of Psions who were. Extracting knowledge from a soul would take a long time, and it would mean excruciating unending agony until the soul itself ultimately collapsed from the pain.

[I... I understand.] Sartran said reluctantly. [You want a teacher, and I happen to possess the type of knowledge you need. Will you swear to me you won't bring your power to bear against the Volgrim Empire?]

Beelzebub rolled his eyes. "Only if the Volgrim Empire doesn't do something _stupid_ again like they did with Tarus II. If they do... I will not hold back."

Sartran considered Beelzebub's words.

[If I am being fully honest with myself... it is true that my Empire harmed the humans. Undeservedly? I am not certain. But as they say, an eye for an eye makes the world blind. I greatly hope another deceiver like Demila does not cause my people, or yours, any further harm.]

Sartran's soul seemed to sag a little.

[Very well. I will teach you my ways, Beelzebub. Properly, this time, as a master and pupil. I have to admit, I was interested in you from the moment we met. Your powers are similar to mine, yet we use them in different ways. Perhaps we could both learn from each other.]

Beelzebub nodded. "I'd like that. I do apologize for killing you in a flash of rage. Admittedly, I didn't know all the facts at the same, and I might have overreacted a _teensy_ bit."

Sartran looked down at his disembodied soul.

[...I suppose that is one way to describe past matters.]

Like this, the atmosphere lightened between them somewhat.

"If possible, I will see if I can get you a new body at some point." Beelzebub said. "In fact, I'll even swear on it. So long as you teach me properly, I'll get you a new body. So long as the Volgrim Empire doesn't attack humanity again, I won't attack them. I swear on my honor as a Demon Overlord!"

[Very well. Your vow is about the most I could hope for- wait, what did you say?] Sartran suddenly asked. [What is a 'Demon Overlord'? Aren't you a Demon Deity?]

Beelzebub gave Sartran a weird look, but then he realized what the Executor meant. Beelzebub slapped his own face.

"Ahh, I suppose I forgot to mention... actually, I was a Middle Cosmic for a short while, but then I gave all my energy to the Phoenix, so I'm a mortal again. It turns out there's a level of mortal power above Demon Emperor called Demon Overlord. So that's me now!"

[You're not a Middle Cosmic anymore?!] Sartran shrieked. [Why didn't you say so from the start?! Here I was, worried you would turn your Cosmic power on the Volgrim Empire, but you're only a mortal now! I don't mind teaching a mere mortal how to wield their power... you could have saved us both a lot of breath!]

Beelzebub thought for a moment about mentioning that he actually maybe _possibly_ had a way to ascend back to Cosmic again... but he wisely opted to keep his mouth shut.

"Right. That- sorry, Sartran. I guess it just didn't cross my mind."

The Executor harrumphed, then metaphorically crossed his arms in annoyance.

[_Demons._]