Part 283: Ose's Final Gambit

Emperor Ose activates her magic, zipping five hundred meters straight into the air. She narrowly avoids a gruesome death as the five Titans charging her position stomp on the spot where she stood only a second before. Daisy Hiro, still shielded atop the Hydra's back, easily follows Ose's movement. Her eyes seemingly lock-on to the lightning-type Emperor's mana signature as if she were an ultrabright firefly buzzing around in a pitch-black void.

"Bad lady! Get back down here!"

Daisy 'grabs' at the air, wrapping Ose with an invisible psionic force. Ose's eyes widen in alarm, but before she can teleport away, Daisy yanks downward and flings Ose back toward the Titans below.

"Shiiiit!"

Ose gets hurled toward her huge, hulking enemies. Terror emerges in her heart as she spots the dead-eyed Zeus lunging his palm out to slap her. Just before the Titan King's hand connects, Ose turns into a bolt of lightning and flies away, putting a full kilometer of distance between herself and her enemies.

"Hah, hah, hah..." Ose gasps, her heart pounding in her chest. Sweat pours down her forehead, most of it due to sheer exhaustion. Having expended most of her mana to maintain her Ultraform and summon the wide-area lightning storm, Ose doesn't appear to be doing too well.

_I'm running on fumes!_ Ose thinks. _If I hadn't thrown away my energy attacking that little brat's energy barrier, I'd have plenty to spare right now... but I ended up wasting my mana at the wrong time! Now I'm in a tough spot!_

As Ose spends a precious few seconds gathering her breath, Belial shakily pulls herself together. Having suffered a concussion from when one of the Titans attacked her, her thoughts move sluggishly. She raises her head to see the group of Titans standing only half a city block from her position.

"Crap! They're right next to me."

The succubus tries to put some distance between herself and the Titans, but her vision blurs, making her stumble awkwardly to the side. Unable to properly control her limbs, she flops to the ground and coughs weakly.

_I'm in bad shape,_ Belial thinks. _Whole world's spinning. Can't see straight. Can't think straight. I want to sleep, but I can't! Have to stay awake... everyone needs me!_

Just when Belial starts to despair, a motion nearby catches her eye. She raises her head slightly and gapes, seeing Daisy lowering to the ground, while her mother hovers behind her, Phoebe's eyes still tightly closed as she lays comatose.

"Aunt S'matha!" Daisy says. "Are you okay? Did the bad lady hurt you?"

The little girl lands on the ground while continuing to float her mother behind her. Belial, too tired at this point to even ask what is going on, shakes her head. "Not quite. TheTitandid. Hitmehard. Can't think... can'tthinkstraight. Head hurts."

Her words slur together as she struggles to manipulate her tongue. Luckily, Daisy picks up on the problem. She trots over and presses her palm against Belial's forehead.

"Lots of ouchies. I can make you better!"

Daisy concentrates for a moment, then transfers a burst of healing energy into Belial's skull. After several seconds, Belial's vision clears up. Like a fog melting from her eyes, she swiftly regains her mental faculties and climbs to her feet.

Belial hugs Daisy. "Thank you! Are you okay, sweetie? Where is Ose? Did she run away?"

When Belial pulls away from Daisy, she finds herself momentarily confused by the look of apathy on the child's face. Daisy casually looks at some point beyond the huge Hydra standing motionlessly next to her, where Daisy's five Titans chase after a distant point of light.

"The bad lady's over there," Daisy says, gesturing vaguely to the north. "Don't worry! I'll spank her good!"

Belial shakes her head. "You've done enough, Daisy. I can't put you in harm's way. Why don't you take mommy somewhere safe? Somewhere far away from here? Maybe you can fix her ouchies too?"

Daisy glances back at Phoebe. "Mommy's not hurt, just sleepy. I can't wake her up."

"Oh. Well, that doesn't matter. Stay back for now and let auntie spank the bad lady, okay?" Belial says.

"Okay!" Daisy chirps. "I'll tell the Big Men not to hit you again. That was very bad of them."

Belial stares at the little girl for a moment in disbelief.

"The... the 'big men'? Do you mean the Titans? You're controlling them?"

"Uh huh!" Daisy says, nodding quickly. "I got all tired, then I saw the Big Men. Daddy always says if you see a bad person to get an adult. So I did!"

Belial rubs her forehead. "Alright... I think I understand. Sort of. Okay, you just stay here. I'll be back soon!"

Leaving Daisy behind, Belial quickly jumps atop the Hydra, half-expecting it to attack her. Instead, the Hydra stands motionless, its eyes glazed, as if waiting for orders.

Belial's heart skips a beat. _Did Daisy summon this Hydra somehow? Maybe the other one, too? What the hell is going on? When Jason gets back, I'll need to have a long talk with him about his little girl!_

Shaking her head, Belial snaps her attention toward the distant aura of a Demon Emperor. She locks onto Ose's spiritual presence, now weaker than ever thanks to her explosive mana expenditure. The Emperor of Infiltration does all she can to dodge the five Titans, but her weakened Ultraform proves unable to keep away from Daisy's Titans.

Zeus and Ivaldi, the two fastest Titans, easily keep up with Ose. Any time she teleports around or turns into a lightning bolt to flee, the two Titan Kings chase after her. Zeus, using his Thunderstep, and Ivaldi, by turning into a beam of light.

As for Cronus, Poseidon, and Neptune, these three heavy hitters work to fence her in, their intelligence having skyrocketed since Daisy's awakening.

"Aaargh!" Ose cries, as a compressed blast of water slams into her back. The fifty tons of liquid falls upon her from above, knocks her out of the sky, and flings her to the ground below. Before she can strike the ground, Ose explodes into a burst of electricity and darts to the east, only for Ivaldi to intercept her!

The Titan King raises her arm overhead, conjuring an explosive ball of Holy Magic. She fires it directly into Ose's flight path, but Ose doesn't get more than 0.00001 seconds to react. She flies directly into the energetic orb and dematerializes from her lightning-bolt form, shrieking bloody murder as the holy energy explodes against her body.

Like a bird smacking against a window, Ose tumbles from the air. She falls to the ground and _thunks_ against the pavement below, breaking both of her legs.

"Nnngghh!" Ose whimpers, gritting her teeth. The once-terrifying Emperor now appears as weak as a beaten dog, cowering under the terror of all five coordinated Titans. Ose grits her teeth and weaves a quick magic sign, zapping toward the nearest source of electricity in the area, which turns out to be the Rust Bucket, Hero City's very first factory. She impacts the building's wall and shatters it to pieces, then flies toward a miniature fusion reactor inside, one of the many small models made by the Wordsmith to supply electricity to the energy-hogging facilities in his city.

Like a drug-crazed addict, Ose stretches out her hand and siphons every drop of the reactor's available power only a second before Ivaldi crashes through the ceiling to grab at her.

Unfortunately, even with the incredible amount of energy packed into the reactor, Ose's broken body only manages to absorb and retain one percent of it. The rest oozes from her pores uselessly, wasted by her fatigued mind and spirit. Still, she manages to heal her broken legs and regain a bit of her stamina, so Ose dodges again, evading Ivaldi at the last second.

As the Queen of Divinity and the Thunder King chase after the Emperor of Infiltration, Ose's mind races at a thousand times any normal human's ability to think.

_I can't keep this up! These damn Titans won't give me a moment to rest! Earlier, they acted like wild animals, but now that the brat has awoken, they've regained a huge amount of their mental faculties! Even in my prime condition, I wouldn't dare to face them alone, let alone as I am now!_

Ose zips through a narrow alley, only to bolt straight upward as Neptune and Poseidon fire dozens of compressed water-blasts at her. When she jumps into the air, Ose narrowly evades Cronus, who tries to slap her out of the air with his palm.

Gritting her teeth, Ose makes a bold decision.

_I'm getting out of here! This operation has failed, but I'd rather keep my life and at least return to fight another day!_

Having hinged so much of her future on Stormbringer's success, the mere thought of fleeing burns Ose's insides with shame and humiliation.

_How could I have planned for all these things going wrong? It's not fair! The humans tricked me! Even without the Wordsmiths, that damned Sphinx was more than enough to terrorize my armies! Beelzebub got his ass kicked, Bael lost his brains, Artorias turned rogue, and Mephisto couldn't even capture the devil-damned Wordsmith's soul! The only competent demon was me! ME! I did everything right, but as usual, my pathetic, idiot subordinates failed me!_

Without a shred of irony, Ose mentally blames everyone but herself for Stormbringer's failure. As she dodges five more concentrated attacks, blood-vessels dilate in her eyes, giving her a crazed look.

_It's all their fault! Yama couldn't even capture the Wordsmith's daughter, and that was his only task! Why did I get stuck leading Hell's Most Useless Bastards?! Some so-called 'First Hell,' hah! Pathetic!_

Giving up on any further fighting, Ose shoots one hateful glance at the Hydra. She vaguely senses Daisy's presence somewhere nearby it, but doesn't manage to spot the child.

"You'll regret crossing me, brat!" Ose cries, before darting to the west, aiming to flee through the Warpgate back to Hell.

Ose's speed, standing at the absolute apex of what a fleshly being can achieve, allows her to instantly accelerate to the speed of light. In the minutest fraction of a second, she transmits herself in a straight line toward the Warpgate, aiming to jump straight through and save herself.

However, she is not the only speedster on the battlefield.

Zeus and Ivaldi, guided by the distant telepathic commands of a small child, intercept Ose's thoughts before she can activate her magic. Right as Ose jumps toward the Warpgate, Ivaldi appears at the midpoint, just above the Western Front. Her body shimmers with holy energy, causing Ose's eyes to widen in alarm.

_Shit!_

Unable to stop her magic in time, Ose fires forward like a bullet, traveling in a straight-line toward her destination. This movement, her fastest method of travel, also comes with the least agility, making her unable to shift her trajectory by even a fraction of a degree.

Ose slams into Ivaldi's holy-magic-enveloped body like a fly crashing into an electric zapper. She instantly bounces off the Queen of Divinity and rockets to the ground below, momentarily losing consciousness from the sheer power behind her impact.

_Boom!!_

The Third Emperor hurtles into the field of demons beneath her, conveniently landing not far away from Uriel herself. The Archangel defends the completely barren Western Front, reaping the lives of any demons foolish enough to try taking her on. With practically zero allied forces left alive following the Atlas Cannon's bombardment, only Uriel stands alone to protect Hero City from the western invaders.

Ose's missile-like crash into the dirt grabs plenty of attention not only from the demon army, but from Uriel herself. The demons, already reluctant to charge at the unstoppable Archangel and her four Holy Constructs, pause to stare first at Ose's crashed figure, and then at Ivaldi hovering in the skies above. The seventy-foot-tall Titan King captures their attention, frightening them silly.

"Who the hell is she?!"

"WHAT is she?! Is that a human? How is she so BIG?!"

Some of the oldest demons, those who fought during the Energy Wars, vaguely recall tales of giants, ancient enemies of the demons. However, with their memories having been wiped during the last hundred thousand years of demon rule, few can recall anything but the haziest memories of the distant past.

Uriel, meanwhile, flicks her gaze to the Titan, then to Ose. A look of confusion passes over her face as she tries to figure out just what the heck is going on.

"Titan? Ivaldi? Fighting Ose? I know not the reason behind this development. Is Ivaldi my friend or foe?"

Despite never having seen Ivaldi in the flesh, nor having fought her, Uriel still knows plenty about the Queen of Divinity, given how Barbatos has heard stories detailing the War in Heaven many times, along with his two mental passengers. The Archangel recognizes Ivaldi, but doesn't immediately perceive whether she is a friend or a foe.

A moment later, Zeus arrives on the scene. The Titan King raises his foot, then stomps down on Ose, intending to crush her into meat paste. Just before his foot makes contact with the ground, Ose awakens, her body instinctively teleporting to the side to protect itself.

Zeus's foot misses the mark, but Ose unfortunately flees into the wrong direction, arriving directly in front of Uriel!

A millisecond of realization flickers through the beaten and battered Emperor's eyes as she rapidly contemplates her life's choices.

"Dammit!"

Despite not knowing whether the Titans are friends or foes, Uriel doesn't hesitate. She launches a simple punch straight at Ose's face, blasting her backward and sending her sprawling to the dirt. The lightning crackling around Ose's figure appears far less energetic than before, her Ultraform clearly having reached its limits.

"Ugh..." Ose grunts.

The Emperor lays on her back. Her body spasms painfully as she climbs to her feet. Surrounded by enemies on all sides, Ose begins to panic, realizing she may not escape this encounter.

Cronus arrives. So do Poseidon and Neptune. These three Titans, much slower than their two speedster-counterparts, still manage to clear the two-mile gap from Hero City to the Western Front in record time. They arrive behind Uriel, but pay her no mind, allowing Uriel to breathe a sigh of relief.

_It seems these Titans are my allies, after all. I wonder what sorcerer revived them from the grave? The Wordsmith, perhaps?_

Not particularly caring about the details, Uriel starts stomping toward Ose.

"Demon wench. Filthy murderer. Thy kind slew my people..." Uriel mutters, her voice laced with fury. "Today, thou shalt finally pay for thy sins!"

As Uriel closes the gap, another voice rings out.

"No! She's mine!"

Belial, once again transformed into her Pure Succubus form, dives down from the sky and crashes feet-first into the ground, kicking up a cloud of dust. 

"You've got nowhere to run, Ose..." Belial says, her voice just as filled with rage as Uriel's. "You'll pay for your crimes."

An instant later, another figure flickers into existence twenty feet directly behind Ose.

This one, a red-haired female standing seven feet tall with butterfly wings, turns out to be none other than Blinker, the Monster Queen.

"No!" Blinker shouts, gnashing her teeth. "Ose's _mine_! She killed Kar!"

With five Titans and three Emperor-level powerhouses surrounding her, for the second time in her life, a sense of complete despair and helplessness washes over Ose. Not since her childhood, when humans captured her and rendered her helpless, has she felt as vulnerable and alone as she does in this moment.

The Emperor of Infiltration trembles, unable to think of an escape method. With Ivaldi and Zeus matching her in speed, while all the rest together prove more than her match in strength, she truly finds herself completely alone and at the mercy of her enemies. None of the pathetic weakling demons in the distance take a step closer, nor would their feeble power assist her in any way. Seeing the imminent downfall of their leader, some of the less-dimwitted ones even start beelining for the portal to make their escape. Not a single one is stupid or bloodthirsty enough to think their strength can break past the Western Front's powerhouses.

At that moment, Uriel frowns. She turns her head to the north, where she spots a tall, hulking figure strolling toward them.

"Bael?"

Uriel goes on the alert. Unlike Ose, who has been drained of her spirit and fighting power, Bael appears just as full of energy as when he first arrived on Tarus II. Strangely, his lone remaining eye no longer contains the same degree of dimness as usual. Instead, a menacing aura drips off his body, making his appearance far more intimidating than usual.

The Duke of Pain's arrival causes some of the fleeing demons to turn around and gasp. Despite him only being a Duke, his presence energizes their spirits more than Ose's ever could. As a symbol of demonkind's might and a veritable hero-like deity who fought during the Ancient Era and the Energy Wars, few Emperors, let alone mere Dukes, command a prestige anywhere near Bael's level.

Ose's thoughts find a spark of hope.

_Bael? Maybe if he joins with me, I'll have a chance at escaping! He looks as if he's broken out of his earlier daze!_

The Duke of Pain slowly walks toward the group of human-allied powerhouses. As he approaches, one of the Titans attacks! Zeus darts toward him, activating his Thunderstep to flicker over and stomp his foot down.

_BOOM!_

The Titan's foot crashes atop Bael, only for the Duke of Pain to casually raise his arm and catch the foot mid-stomp! He sinks into the planet's soil, but otherwise maintains his footing, unperturbed.

"Outta my way, punk."

Bael throws the Titan upward, launching Zeus into the sky! An instant later, Bael coils strength into his legs and leaps out of the pit, aiming to land beside Ose.

When the Duke crashes into the dirt, the eyes of all the spectators darken visibly.

Belial grits her teeth. _In a contest of strength, I can overpower Bael, but actually injuring him is beyond me! Even as a Duke, he's too formidable! Now that he's here, it will be much harder to kill Ose! Maybe if the humans still had those ballistic rounds, we could take out his other eye..._

Indeed, Bael's right eye appears just as hideously deformed and hollow as before. His left eye, however, locks onto Ose with a commanding presence, making her breathe a sigh of relief.

"About time you snapped out of your stupor!" Ose hisses. "So long as you and I work together, we-"

Before Ose can finish her sentence, Bael lunges his hand toward her neck!

Weakened beyond belief and taken off-guard, Ose's heart skips a beat. She fails to dodge the Duke's grab as he locks his hands around her throat.

"Guhak! B-Bael! Whuh- koff! What are you doing?!" Ose shrieks. "I-idiot! Snap out of it! Those nanites are muh-messing with your brain!"

Bael eyeballs Ose. His lips curl into a snarl.

"Ain't no nano-shits fucking with my head now, Ose. You _bitch_. All this time, I wondered who did it. I wondered who _killed him._ It was you. It was YOU!"

Dumbfounded, Ose can only feebly grab at Bael's fingers to try and pry them off her neck. She fails.

"Kuh! Killed? Killed who?! Mis-misunderstanding! This is a misunderstanding, Bael!"

Uriel, Belial, and Blinker all watch, confused, as Bael tightens his grip.

"Stupid Ose..." Bael mutters. "I might be dumb, but I ain't no _idiot_."

The Duke's expression turns frightening.

"Now, it's time for you to SUFFER!"

---

>!This is what a spoiler looks like! Click it to reveal the text!!