Part 258: War Recap

Across Tarus II's darkened surface, multiple battles erupt on several fronts. Humans, monsters, and even a few allied demons clash against the enemy undead, demons, and monsters. On humanity's side, Harpies and Minotaurs join forces with more than a few Kobolds and Salamanders. On the demons' side, Orcs and Goblins work together with an even greater number of Harpies and Minotaurs. In addition, more than a dozen gigantic Trolls and Ogres storm onto the battlefield, their massive bodies drawing eyeballs and gunfire.

Inside the Warpgate Encampment, chaos ensues as reinforcements from the Labyrinth Core spill out of the portal onto Tarus II. These new combatants replace the weakened and exhausted original forces, allowing those demons and monsters to retreat and take a breather. Alongside these newcomers, countless undead creatures of all shapes and sizes emerge from Mephisto's dual Death Gates beside the western wall. 

These towering monoliths, far bigger than the portal to Hell, enable truly titanic and terrifying battle-changers to spew forth onto the battlefield. Not only Skeleton Knights and Wraiths, but Death Knights, Dullahans, and even Frost Giants. Mephisto's undead continue to amass over time, adding to the diversity of demonkind's forces.

On the Northern Front, Brunhilda and the Felorians unleash their hidden powers. Their bodies surge with Chi, enhancing their strength, agility, and durability far beyond the limits of a normal human. Even without Exosuits, they possess potent powers capable of equally combating demons below the Lord rank. 

On the Western Front, thirty thousand brave soldiers face off against the demonic hordes. Their leader, Yamir, Hero City's head chef, a Minotaur who cooks for the Hiro family, wears a set of radiant golden battle armor. Not an exosuit, but an heirloom passed down from his family over the years. Unlike many of the Minotaurs living amongst humankind, Yamir is actually a son of nobility, a lower-class heir to a decently-sized Minotaur kingdom. However, he cares little for such frivolities, and instead lives only to spread the joys of his cooking amongst his compatriots.

Yamir takes over for Lieutenant Samuel, who leaves the Western Front to head off to the prisons, along with Corporal Hurent. Having received a distress call, these two veteran commanders both decide to assist the prison guards with caging in Beelzebub, Artorias, and Mara. Sadly, they will arrive too late, with all three having broken free of their restraints.

On the Southern Front, General Chadwick reinforces his troops, trying desperately to contain the demons within the crumbling walls of the Warpgate Encampment. However, with Frost Giants, trolls, ogres, and countless undead ravaging the battlefield, he begins to lose his footing and slowly retreat.

And finally, on the Eastern Front, the largest contingent of humanity's forces, almost eighty-thousand strong, amasses between the Warpgate Encampment and Hero City. With only a few miles separating their home and families from the voracious demons, they have no choice but to dig their heels in and fight for their lives. Phoebe Hiro leads her bravest, strongest soldiers in defending their homeland. With Blinker providing protection, Phoebe guides her troops like a seasoned veteran. Her years of training as a Knight of the Round, in addition to the last six years of prepping for this war, gives her the tactical eye she needs to take on her enemies.

Fists and claws crash against swords and guns. Soldiers on the frontlines wear the heaviest armor and wield powerful nanoblades capable of slicing through flesh and bone. Soldiers immediately behind them unload thousands of bullets every second, while soldiers in the rear provide suppressive fire. A dozen of Phoebe's Planetwalkers roam the battlefield, unleashing salvos of cannonfire amidst the enemy ranks. Harpies perch atop the mechanoids and snipe from afar, taking out high-value tactical threats, including Demon Lords, Ogres and the strongest orcs. Sadly, even the most powerful sniper bullet fails to do much against demons above the Baron rank. Their bodies are simply too durable for low-caliber gunfire to land a killing blow.

As the battle unfolds, Phoebe rides inside her eight-legged Spider Mech. Having lost her husband's ship, the Esther, Phoebe has no choice but to use the hundred-foot-tall surveillance mech as an observation platform. Even so, the slender-legged robot is anything but weak. Multiple times, a dangerous enemy capable of bypassing the human's front lines will appear, but Phoebe merely impales it with one of her mech's needle-shaped legs, killing it without any resistance.

Phoebe manipulates a three-dimensional holographic map of the battlefield. Her right hand dances over its imagery, allowing her to visualize the enemy's movements, while her left hand controls the mecha's legs and guns. Even one-handed, Phoebe has no trouble performing both of these intricate and precise tasks with little issue.

Blinker sits on Phoebe's shoulder, frowning as she looks at the battlefield. "I should be out there, kicking butt!"

"Right now, you need to save your energy," Phoebe says, her voice as calm as a still pool of water. "There's no use swatting flies with nukes. You can kill a lot of demons on your own, but so can my troops. We have to prepare ourselves for when Ose and the Dukes arrive. Mephisto is dangerous enough, but those Battle Brothers really gave me a fright. You weren't enough to beat them alone. Even both of us combined could only drive them away. At this point, even if Jason returns, with Kar down for the count, I'm worried..."

Phoebe falls silent. Her icy eyes flick between the displays as she shakes her head.

"...I'm worried we still won't win. Jason said he obtained a huge powerup, but in the end, he's still Jason. I know my husband. He hates violence. His morals are too important to him to bend or compromise, even in the face of such a terrifying demonic assault. If the moment of truth arrives... it will have to be me who finishes this fight."

Blinker's frown eases. "Gal, is that resentment I hear?"

"No. It's just the truth. I love Jason to death. I'd die for him. But, at the same time, I can't help but feel frustrated by his... his inflexibility."

Phoebe grits her teeth. "This isn't easy for me either, you know. I never wanted to become a killer. I never wanted to become someone who spills blood without changing my expression. Yet here we are. I changed, because I had to. And now, I can't help but worry that Jason won't be able to do the same."

Blinker sighs.

"Yeah. I think I get it. You're in a tough spot, ain'tcha?"

Phoebe's eyes darken. "I've spent my whole life fighting. I failed Arthur once, but I won't fail anyone else. Even if Jason refuses to bend, I won't fault him. In the end... he's still young. He hasn't seen what I've seen. He hasn't witnessed how far humanity can fall, nor the heights it could reach."

The Hero's wife pauses for a moment. Her eyes turn foggy.

"...But I have."

Gazing absentmindedly at the displays, several seconds pass before a beeping sound catches Phoebe's attention. She glances to her right, where the communications display lights up with a message.

Phoebe taps the console. "Commander Hiro speaking. Give me good news, Lieutenant Samuel. Over."

Lieutenant Samuel's voice comes back strained and weak. "Cough... cough... shit. It was a... a massacre. Fuck. I'm sorry, Commander. We couldn't stop him. Beelzebub... he's too powerful. Thirty thousand soldiers... my friends... all dead. Cough. I failed you, Commander. I failed you..."

Samuel's voice weakens. Phoebe's eyebrows jump up as she listens intently. Without hesitation, she reaches out her hand and presses a button on the mech's console. "Don't blame yourself, Lieutenant. You're still alive; your bio-signs are intact. I'm recalling all of your surviving troops to the hospital. Commander Hiro, out."

She ends the transmission, then falls silent for several seconds.

"...Fuck!"

The sudden expletive makes Blinker's expression fall. "Beelzebub escaped?"

"It won't only be him," Phoebe growls, bunching her hands into fists. "Artorias and Mara probably did, too. Two Dukes and a Baron. This battle just became ten times fiercer. It won't take them long to arrive. Beelzebub could arrive in seconds if he flies. Goddamn it!"

Phoebe taps on the communicator to contact the Tarus II hospital.

"Medical Ward 001, this is Commander Hiro speaking. I've just lost close to thirty thousand troops. According to their exosuit readings, the survivors have sustained heavy injuries, particularly burns and internal wounds. Please prioritize the most heavily wounded, over."

Phoebe waits for a few seconds.

She frowns.

"Medical Ward 001, this is Commander Hiro speaking. Do you read me? Over."

Phoebe turns her head slightly. She and Blinker both share a look of alarm.

"Medical Ward 001! Do you copy? What's going on over there?!"

Phoebe rotates her Spider-Mech's cockpit to the east, making it face the Tarus II general hospital. With only a couple of miles separating them, her scanners easily cross that distance, giving her a detailed topographical map of the area, along with bio-signs and thermal readings.

Her face turns as white as a ghost's.

"Wh-what...? Oh my god. This isn't possible. A sneak attack?! Half of the hospital was blown up! I'm barely getting half a dozen vital readings, if that!"

Panicking, she forcefully stabs her finger against the communication panel.

"Elder Skarde, this is Commander Hiro! What the hell is going on? Are you in danger? What happened to the hospital?! Over!"

This time, Phoebe gets a reply. Elder Skarde speaks, surprise in his voice. "Commander Hiro? We had a group of Shades attack the city. We're not certain how many, but they struck the reinforced shelters under the pyramids. Luckily, we suffered very few casualties. I've had my troops combing the streets ever since. I... I wasn't aware of any danger at the hospital. I will send troops there at once, over."

"You're goddamn-well right you will!" Phoebe roars. "My daughter is there, and Samantha, too! Not to mention thousands of our wounded soldiers! How can you not know what happened?! All those troopers had exosuits on their bodies! Don't tell me you didn't detect multiple deaths within the city's borders! Over!"

Elder Skarde takes several seconds to reply. When he does, he sounds even more confused than before. "I... I'm looking at their bio-scanners right now, Commander Hiro. Their vital signs appear the same as they did six hours ago. No changes. Are you certain something happened? Over."

"I'm looking at a hologram of the hospital as we speak!" Phoebe shouts. "Of course I'm sure! Get men in there on the double and report back to me! Commander Hiro, out!"

Phoebe turns off the communication panel. She presses both fists against the sides of her head and grits her teeth. "Fuck, fuck, fuck! Shades! They must have slipped past our defenses! In the dark of night, there's no enemy more dangerous than a Shade or a Shadow-walker! If anything happened to Daisy or Sam... I swear... I'll wipe the demons out!"

Blinker cocks her head. "But... I don't get it. Why would those hospitalized troops still show perfectly fine bio-signs if they're dead? Doesn't that seem a bit weird to you?"

Hearing Blinker's words, Phoebe forces herself to calm down. She lowers her fists and rests them in her lap. Then, she gazes outside, at the dawn's light slowly beginning to brighten Tarus II's surface.

"No. It's not weird. It's _sinister._ A technical glitch at a time like this? Too coincidental. This has Ose's fingerprints all over it."

Phoebe nibbles her lip.

"Ose is an enigma. She never showed herself to humanity even once in the last six years. Her rise to power has been silent and benign, as if she was content to let us do our own thing. After you and Kar told me that Hope had spent the last six years launching attacks on the Labyrinth, I began to understand why we hadn't heard about our escalating tensions with the demons. Jason and I assumed they might try and attack humanity someday, but we didn't realize Ose's plans had been so meticulous."

"So, you think Ose tampered with the exosuits?" Blinker asks.

"Possibly," Phoebe mutters. "After all, she did capture Neil. She might have forced out the command codes from him. Even if she didn't, she might be able to hack them herself. There's a reason the demons call her 'Ghost,' because she's their most adept infiltrator. Who knows how many traps she might spring on us the longer this war continues?"

The white-haired woman sends out a transmission via Centurion, ordering Neil's command codes get erased. Having already done so on the day he disappeared, she does it again, just in case she somehow messed up the first time.

After that, Phoebe takes a moment to pause and reflect. Her thoughts turn complicated as she observes the battlefield. Hundreds of soldiers die every minute, while still managing to kill an even greater number of demons. Even so, the human forces number less than ten thousandth their demonic adversaries. In a battle of attrition, they can't possibly win the war.

"What should we do...?" Phoebe mutters.

_Beep beep._

Another communications ping catches Phoebe's attention. She activates the console.

"Commander Hiro speaking, over."

"Commander, it's me," Lieutenant Samuel says, his voice noticeably more energetic than before. "I... I don't know what happened. One moment, I was laying on the ground, dying. The next, it was as if holy water appeared from the void and coated my soul. All of my injuries disappeared, just like that! I've got a bitch of a headache, but otherwise, I'm fine! Over."

Phoebe nods. "I activated your exosuits' teleportation transponders. Belial must have healed you when you arrived in the hospital, over."

"No, that's the thing!" Samuel says. "None of us returned to the hospital! We just... fully recovered! Right where we sat! It was unlike anything I've ever experienced in my life! Over."

Phoebe frowns. "Err, I don't understand. Belial is our only healer. Did she show up at the prisons and heal you? Over."

Before Samuel can respond, a different voice speaks, one Phoebe has grown intimately familiar with over the past few years.

"No, it was me. I healed those men."

The voice speaks from all around Phoebe, as if magically transmitted from a great distance. Phoebe's eyes light up with excitement. "Jason! Is that you? Where have you been?"

Samuel falls silent. He hears the Hero's voice, as well as his Commander's surprise, and realizes that Phoebe must not have known what Jason was doing.

"It's a long story," Jason says, his voice becoming clearer. "I can't yet return to Tarus II. Instead, I'll support you from a distance. I'm several thousand light-years away, and it could take me a while to arrive. However, now that I have a 'battery,' my Wordsmithing has become far more powerful. We won't lose this war. I promise."

Phoebe blinks. "A 'battery'? What do you mean?"

"I'll tell you later. For now, focus on yourself. Oh, and don't worry about Daisy and Sam. They're alive and well."

"They are? That's great! Wait... how did you know I was thinking about them? Were you listening to me, earlier?"

Jason coughs in embarrassment. "Ahem! Err, uh, gotta go! Line's cutting out! Can't hear you very well- bzzt, brrt! Love you, bye!"

His voice fades away, leaving Phoebe grasping at straws.

Blinker facepalms. "...Your man is a big, silly idiot."

"No, he's a lovable goof," Phoebe laughs. "There's a difference!"

"Whatever you say!" Blinker chirps. "Let's hope Jason isn't screwing around. We need all the help we can get, sister."

Phoebe smiles. "For some reason, Jason's words always fill me with confidence. If he says we'll win... then I wholeheartedly believe him. I'll always trust Jason's judgment at times like these."

Blinker smiles back. "Jason might be an idiot, but you're a good wife. He's lucky to have you."

"No. We're all lucky to have _him_," Phoebe murmurs.

---

>!This is what a spoiler looks like! Click it to reveal the text!!