Part 757: Timothy's Tribulation

_Far-Future Era. Late on Day 20, AJR. Pixiv._

Fairy Queen Calanthra was nervous, as were all the fairies on Pixiv. The galactic situation was worsening rapidly. 

She had recently heard news of the Archangels and their plot to turn the False Cosmic Realm into a fortress for their twisted mutated creatures, the Kolvaxians. At the same time, she felt an ominous premonition regarding an ancient evil resurfacing on the world of Grimvolas, an ancient dragon empowering the Dolgrimites.

Both Wordsmiths were gone. Humanity was retreating into an ancient Cube to protect themselves.

The Volgrim Empire had suffered catastrophic losses due to the loss of 95% of their Psions. Their battle lines were failing rapidly. 

The demons were working on a new plan to merge all their worlds together into a 100-lightyear super-cluster of stars. This would give them a better, though far from perfect assurance regarding their future defenses against the Kolvaxians.

By contrast, the fairies were in a terrible position. They had no Cosmics to protect them. As 'monsters', they were only lightly affiliated with the demons, but were not considered valuable enough to be targets for protection.

Thus, Calanthra had agreed to allow the humans to swallow the Pixiv star system into the Cube.

Normally, she would not want to do this, but the situation was worsening so rapidly in the Milky Way that with her senses, she could feel a terrible fate was coming for her people if she did not take immediate action to save them.

The good news was, fairies were extremely popular mating partners. There were fairies all across the galaxy. Even if Pixiv fell, their species wouldn't immediately go extinct. However, 99% of fairies were female, and they mostly gave birth to non-fairy children if they mated with non-fairy partners. This made them attractive targets for males of other species to wed, but it was a terrible value proposition for someone who wanted to ensure the fairy lineage continued. All the male fairies were on Pixiv, and if they died off, it would truly be the end for their species, at least in the Milky Way.

There were more fairies hidden in other galaxies. Calanthra was certain of that much. The problem was, she had no idea how many there were or what their conditions were. The fairies had been cursed by Yredelemnul so they could never ascend into Cosmics. It was entirely likely that when they fled Andromeda to the other galaxies, they were captured and enslaved, turned into breeding partners for other wretched species around the universe.

If so, then that meant the Milky Way might be the last place remaining where fairies lived freely, able to continue their species in whatever limited capacity they could. It wasn't a glorious life, but it was comfortable, and it ensured their survival.

With all these thoughts in mind, Calanthra might not have been eager to join with the humans, but it was her best option at keeping the fairies relatively independent. The humans had a few rotten apples amidst the bunch, but most humans were decent people. Calanthra trusted the general collective, if not specific individuals.

Thus, when the morning arrived and Calanthra abruptly felt a cold chill descend across her entire body, she completely froze in place upon her throne, and her skin turned ghastly pale.

"What... what is this? The aura of a Dark One?! How has it appeared in this galaxy?!"

Calanthra didn't feel a powerful presence. In fact, it felt quite weak.

But she was intimately familiar with that sickening, horrid aura. It was a dead ringer for the enemy of all fairy-kind...

_Yredelemnul._

Calanthra immediately formed a spiritual body and jumped off her seat, leaving her physical form in place. She rushed into the rear part of her palace, the secret area she had once shown Jason Hiro. In that courtyard, hidden behind layers upon layers of formations, there was a terrible and evil energy radiating in the air. She arrived before the Eye of Yredelemnul and shuddered. The Eye had always stared at her with cold hatred, a malice borne of instinctual bloodlust.

But now, it did not.

Yredelemnul seemed to be looking elsewhere. The Eye had a hungry gaze, a look of expectation. It could not speak or make noise, but its soul seemed to cry out in happiness, as if it had spotted a succulent treat.

"No..." Calanthra whispered, her heart as cold as ice. "You... an Inheritor?! That's impossible! Not a speck of your energy has ever leaked from here! How did you pass your power on, wretch?!"

The Eye ignored her. It continued to look in one particular direction, uncaring of her thoughts.

Calanthra did not hesitate. She immediately convened the other Fairy Queens and brought them into the secret area. Only these elites were allowed to know the existence of the abomination secreted away on Pixiv.

"Of course, First Queen." One of the other Fairy Queens said, after Calanthra explained the situation. "We will follow your lead. Are you able to pinpoint the Inheritor's position?"

"Ordinarily, I would not. But Yredelemnul has lost most of his intelligence and cunning. He has been fixedly gazing directly at the Inheritor's position. So long as we trace the Inheritor using the Eye's power, we will be able to spring a trap and kill him before he grows."

"The galaxy is quite vast..." Another Fairy Queen said worriedly. "To trace an exact position will be rather difficult."

"It will, but I have long controlled the majority of the Eye's power. I will find a way. You must all stay at my side and clad yourself with our finest weapons and armor. The Inheritor is quite weak right now, but we should still move quickly and strike before he can acquire allies and otherwise strengthen himself in any way."

"You're right. No sense in dilly-dallying." The other Fairy Queens agreed.

And so, Calanthra began her work. She spent a full hour using her magic to attempt to pinpoint the Inheritor.

However...

"The energy signature of the Inheritor is distressingly weak." Calanthra muttered. "It is so weak that it is like trying to detect the aura of an insect from ten kilometers in the distance. If the Inheritor were stronger, the task would be easier. Their aura does feel a little stronger than when I first began looking for them, but it's still frustratingly faint."

"If they grow stronger, we will have a much more dangerous fight on our hands." The other Fairy Queen pointed out.

"True indeed." Calanthra concluded.

Several more minutes passed.

"I understand why the Inheritor is so difficult to pinpoint." Calanthra said eventually. "They are located outside of normalspace, inside a hidden dimension. There are extreme temporal distortions obfuscating the Inheritor's location. I'm making good headway, though. It shouldn't be long before- _what??_"

Calanthra stopped mid-sentence. She was utterly bewildered.

"The Inheritor's aura... vanished! It's gone! Don't tell me they died? Was it really that easy?"

Calanthra scrunched up her face. She squinted and looked up at Yredelemnul's Eye with deep suspicion. Could that bastard be planning something?

Yredelemnul continued to look in the general direction he had been looking for an hour now, but notably, his vision was less laser-focused on one spot. His pupil wavered slightly, as if searching for the Inheritor.

"He's lost track? Is this a deception? Did the Inheritor notice me and go into hiding? It would be terrible if that were the case!"

Calanthra was frustrated. She explained the situation to the other Fairy Queens.

"I suggest we wait here, just in case." One of the queens said. "Maybe the Inheritor will return. Once we're inside the Cube, we'll be in a time-accelerated domain. We'll have more time to search for him."

"I think the likelihood they've died is remote." Another queen added. "Let's just wait and see."

Calanthra agreed, and so they did. Calanthra continued to tap into the Eye's power, and after a few hours, she made a discovery.

"The Inheritor isn't dead. He or she seems to have obscured their power through some unknown method. I can still sense a faint trail of energy leading back to the Eye. We will continue to wait until the Cube has arrived to swallow the Pixiv system. We'll stop until the merging is complete, then resume work afterward."

Like this, several hours passed.

The midday sun lowered down the horizon. Night began to approach, and then the sun dipped below the horizon.

"The Cube will arrive here within six hours." One of the Fairy Queens said. "I received word that the Sharmur system was successfully ingested. Melody still possesses her full powers, which means demons can keep their strength even if their Cosmic power has become planet-bound."

"A fortuitous revelation." Calanthra acknowledged. "It's a shame, but I do not think the Inheritor will resurface before the Cube arrives. It seems he hid himself when he sensed my aura searching for his. He is truly cunning, like his _predecessor_."

Calanthra looked at Yredelemnul in disgust. Yredelemnul was known as an extremely intelligent Dark One, skilled in manipulation and political ploys. His eye-abilities were frighteningly powerful, but his methods for dominating and influencing the minds of others were his scariest features. He had even caused many powerful Apex Cosmic fairies to turn against their sisters when Yredelemnul invaded.

In the end, the fairies killed him and stole one of his eyes for themselves. It was a catastrophic final battle that resulted in the death of their Ruler, The Timeless. Even though Yredelemnul also died, Andromeda had been reduced to ruins, and the remaining Dark One Cosmics were more than a match for the fairies.

Calanthra's mother died after their flight to the Milky Way. Her passing was a scar on Calanthra's heart which had never fully healed. Calanthra hated Yredelemnul from the bottom of her heart, but she couldn't bring herself to destroy his Eye. It was a final weapon the fairies could use if the situation turned truly dire.

But as for his Inheritor?

That rat bastard would die without a doubt if she could just wrap her nails around his neck. Calanthra would be ecstatic if she could frustrate Yredelemnul's plans in such a way. The look in his eye would be completely worth it, even if he was too mindless now to understand what his Inheritor's death meant.

Calanthra hummed to herself as the pleasant thought of screwing over Yredelemnul came and went. All of a sudden, the Eye became violently agitated, and that feeling of dread from earlier washed over all the Fairy Queens once again.

This time, the sensation was tens of times stronger!

Calanthra's heart sank. Yredelemnul's Inheritor had returned, but this time his aura was so much more powerful that she was easily able to lock on to his exact location in seconds.

"H-how did he strengthen so much, so fast?!" One of the other Fairy Queens cried out in horror. "We have to attack now! Strike while the iron is hot!"

"Yes we do." Calanthra said grimly. "Ready yourselves! I'm opening a portal now!"

The pool of Cosmic Blood beneath Yredelemnul's Eye began to violently boil, tearing open a portal to the location of his Inheritor. At once, the fairies dove inside, ready for battle.

They had no time to waste.

......................................

"Blinker, watch out! Don't let that creature backstab you! Whoever Timothy was before, he cannot be trusted now!" Calanthra shrieked, beside herself with worry. 

Blinker wasn't any ordinary Fairy Queen. In the past, she had been one of Calanthra's lesser Queens, but now she was also the Monster Queen, and stood on equal terms with Calanthra. As the First Queen, Calanthra had no other peers, so she valued Blinker's life highly. She was terrified that she was about to watch her sister die!

Timothy took two steps back and held up his hands.

"Uh, Calanthra? Hello. I'm Timothy. I'm not... Yredelemnul. I'm not his Inheritor. Not exactly, anyway..."

"SILENCE!" Calanthra shouted, her eyes turning bloodshot as she pointed a magical staff at Timothy. "Filthy wretch. Your very breath is tainted with evil! Do not think your lies will be able to shake my mind, no matter how well your act of playing the fool might deceive the others! I am well acquainted with His power!"

Timothy scrunched up his face. The situation was getting more and more distressing every second. Emotionally, he wasn't scared of what was about to happen, but logically, he understood that the odds of getting out of this unscathed were plummeting by the second.

Blinker was worried at first, but she quickly steeled her resolve. She trusted Calanthra, but she trusted Timothy too. She knew how Timothy's game power worked. She had personally trained him in using his Mind Modes. Right now, he was acting exactly as he would if he were in the Mind of Logic. Calm, rational, controlled, mostly emotionless.

He wasn't possessed by a demon or an evil Ruler. Thus, Blinker firmed up her convictions and chose to trust him. Her back was exposed. If he wanted to kill her, he might even be able to do so. But she chose to trust him anyway, because that was who she was.

"Calanthra." Blinker said, her tone serious. She strengthened the barrier to protect herself and Timothy. "You're making a mistake. I know why you're scared. But you don't know the full situation. It's not what you think, and if you attack Timothy, if you hurt him, and especially if you kill him, you'll truly regret your actions later."

Calanthra narrowed her eyes. "You're threatening me, Blinker? Has that darkspawn corrupted your mind?"

"I wasn't speaking a threat, in the sense that 'I' would make you regret killing him." Blinker patiently explained. "I'm saying once you realize who you'd killed, you would feel a sense of regret I can't even put into words. Timothy is the galaxy's greatest hope now that both Wordsmiths are dead. If you kill him, you'll be committing a crime against all free-spirited life."

Calanthra's fierce gaze lightened, at least a little. "So you're saying this boy isn't a servant of evil? How can you know, when you are incapable of sensing the mountain of atrocities radiating from his soul? Even just looking at him makes me want to wretch!"

"It's true... I can't properly sense Yredelemnul's aura." Blinker answered. "But I don't think the situation is what you imagine. What exactly do you think Timothy is?"

"He's Yredelemnul's Inheritor, obviously!" Calanthra exclaimed. "What else could he be?"

As before, her words caused the crocodiles to harden their gazes even further toward Timothy. With everything they'd heard today, they would truly be idiots if they trusted this villain even the slightest bit. It was obvious Blinker was blinded by her attachments to the boy. She was going to cause the death of all of them!

A moment of silence followed.

Blinker slowly lowered her palms. She stood up straight and weakened the barrier around herself and Timothy.

"Calanthra. Lower your weapons, please." Blinker said. "Timothy is clearly rational and capable of speaking. Why don't you let him, myself, and his mother explain the situation?"

Calanthra gripped her staff tighter. Now that Blinker had weakened the barrier, if she were to rush forward, Calanthra could probably kill the boy on the spot! Before he even had a chance to react she could...

She could...

Calanthra hesitated. She had known Blinker a long time. They weren't best friends by any means, but they were more than acquaintances. Blinker was a free spirit who had mated her way up the totem pole. She was Calanthra's peer, her equal.

Calanthra didn't want to tear apart their relations and rip Blinker's face off. The boy wasn't making any hostile moves. Might Blinker possess some knowledge capable of altering Calanthra's perception of the situation?

Thus, Calanthra carefully took a step back. She slowly retracted her staff and gestured with her chin to the other Fairy Queens.

They didn't lower their guards, but they did stop directly pointing all their weapons at Timothy. It was a good sign.

"Start talking." Calanthra ordered. "Speak your piece. It had better be good. I'm going to need a lot of convincing."

"Thank you." Blinker said, fully lowering the barrier. She did not step away from Timothy's side, and in truth, she was fully on alert for any attacks to come his way. She trusted that Calanthra would not make any moves, but as for the crocodiles... they were still obviously violently hostile, and rather brutish, to boot. Who knew if that little vixen Marigold wouldn't whisper some words to get a 'brave savior' to sneak attack Timothy while Blinker's attention was elsewhere?

Blinker was the matriarch of the crocodile species. But, clearly, she did not possess a status equal to gods in their eyes. After today, she realized that her descendants were not looking at her with the same respect as her direct children did.

That revelation made her uncomfortable, but it also went to show that they were becoming a lot more independent over time. Even she had no idea how they would evolve as a society moving forward.

"It's like this," Blinker explained. "Twelve months ago, Timothy acquired his Heroic Power. It gave him the power of 'video games'. He can level up, and-"

"Vid-eyeo gaymz?" Calanthra repeated, bewildered. "Level up? These terms are..."

Blinker wrinkled her nose. She had tried explaining the concepts to the crocodiles before, but the majority of them didn't understand, either. Those who had not played games would have a very, very, very hard time comprehending them.

At that moment, Ferral levitated forward. [Queen Blinker. I have something to say.]

The young Psion bowed his head slightly toward Calanthra in a show of respect.

[Queen Calanthra. Allow me to transmit a Memory Fragment into your mind. It will allow you to quickly understand the concepts behind Timothy's powers.]

Memory Transfer was actually a fairly advanced Psionic ability, but Ferral had acquired it from a Lootbox at some point, and while he hadn't had much use for it, this turned out to be the perfect opportunity to make use of his niche ability.

Calanthra didn't hesitate. It seemed Timothy's power would be utterly incomprehensible to her, based on Blinker's strange words, so she opted to nod toward Ferral. He levitated toward her, held out his finger, and pressed a tiny sphere of light against her forehead. The other Fairy Queens tensed up, worried this might be a sneak attack on the First Queen, but Calanthra had no such qualms.

Ferral was laughably weak in her eyes. Even a 5th Level Psion might not be her match, let alone a 2nd or 3rd Level Psion. If this psionic bead could hurt her spiritual body, she might as well just call it quits and retire, passing the position of First Fairy Queen to the next in line. She would be too embarrassed to keep on living in the mortal realm after such a loss.

Thus, she accepted Ferral's gift. The memory fragment contained many of Ferral's direct observations of Timothy, as well as his full memory of the events which took place in the Dark Forest, their training with Blinker, and many other such things.

The moment Calanthra took the memory bead, Ferral's body sagged a little, and he became visibly exhausted. It took a lot out of his mental acuity and made him feel as if he had been speaking and thinking nonstop for days at a time. The result was worth it though, as Calanthra sank into fifteen minutes of complete silence. She closed her eyes and pondered on the events depicted inside Ferral's memories.

Naturally, Ferral could have altered the memories to make Timothy look better, but Calanthra wasn't just receiving an audio/video recording. This memory bead contained countless thoughts, emotions, even recollections of scents and intuition points during the events depicted. It was as if she had experienced the Dark Forest dungeon along with the others.

The crocodiles waited impatiently, Timothy and the others stood with bated breath.

Eventually, Calanthra opened her eyes. Her expression was greatly eased.

"I see. I have reviewed Ferral's memory fragment. I now understand Timothy's abilities much more clearly."

She gave Timothy a long look. The hostility in her eyes was not gone. Even Ferral's memories were incapable of dissipating her rage and hatred toward anything related to the murderer of her mother and the powerhouses of her species. But Calanthra was able to examine the situation with far more objectivity than before.

"You obtained the power of Yredelemnul right when your Heroic Abilities awakened?" Calanthra asked.

Timothy nodded slowly. "Yes. It was one of my basic abilities."

"Blinker. You knew of the ability, as did Fiona. Did neither of you caution him against strengthening it?" Calanthra asked, glancing from Blinker, still in front of Timothy, to Fiona, who was beside her son, an arm still draped over his shoulder protectively.

"I did, but it didn't seem to have any control over his mind, and after using the game abilities myself, I determined the Eye power was being used in a purely utilitarian manner." Fiona explained.

"Honestly, I didn't even know what Yredelemnul was until Fiona told me about it..." Blinker said slowly. "I also didn't see it as anything more than his game power manifesting."

"That is my fault." Calanthra said, her tone solemn. "I should have inducted you into our people's secrets long ago. If you had understood the terror of that ancient Dark One, you would have prevented Timothy from awakening its power further."

Calanthra nibbled her lips. She was uncertain now. Timothy wasn't cackling maniacally, or looking at her with contempt, or doing anything else she could interpret as evil. He looked completely normal, though also emotionless due to his Mind Mode. If it weren't for the frighteningly potent aura wafting off his body, she would be just as in the dark as the others. 

Those who were not familiar with the Dark Ones, but who did possess keen senses, would only be able to determine that Timothy had a strong aura around his body; they would not know who it actually belonged to, and likely wouldn't see it as 'evil'. It was only because Calanthra was so intimately familiar with Yredelemnul that she felt an intense loathing and disgust toward the young man.

"Alright." Calanthra said. "You strengthened Yredelemnul's power. How mighty has it become? Can you reduce its strength?"

"I can't de-level my abilities." Timothy answered. "What I've leveled will stay with me forever."

"Mmm..." Calanthra mumbled. "I want to believe you. I want to believe you're a good person and this is all a misunderstanding. But Ferral's memories also included the entire discussion up to the moment of my arrival. It seems like there are a lot of mysteries around your entry into Cthulhu's Chamber. You claim your mind was not subverted by Sylphid, but do we have any evidence you're telling the truth?"

Timothy faltered. "I... I don't know, Calanthra. I've explained my side of the story many times, but nobody believes me. Marigold started this whole trial by lying about what happened inside the Dungeon. Now it seems nobody will believe me even if I claim otherwise."

Calanthra slowly looked over at Marigold. She knew who this crocodile was, because Marigold was _also_ inside Ferral's memories, including her brutal assault on Timothy.

"If Timothy were the monster you claimed, I would be quite pleased by your quick thinking." Calanthra said, causing Marigold to smile slightly.

"Unfortunately, I also know the _real_ reason you attacked him inside Po's Library," Calanthra added right afterward, causing Marigold's scales to turn a sickly pale color. "You are quite the selfish vixen, aren't you? I almost respect your cunning, little scaled girl."

"What are you saying about Marigold?" Marigold's father chuffed, puffing out his chest. "Watch yourself! I don't care if you're a Fairy Queen or not! Don't slander my daughter! You only know one side of the story!"

Blinker gave him a weird look. Did he not understand that Calanthra alone was Blinker's equal in power, and the other Fairy Queens could rip him apart with similar ease? If he wanted to dig a grave for himself, Blinker wasn't about to stop him.

"I am not entirely convinced about Timothy's goodness, but I am certainly convinced regarding your precious daughter's malice." Calanthra said blandly. "You should speak less so that others will not see you as a fool."

Seeing that Calanthra had come around quite a bit on Timothy, Fiona seemed to make up her mind about something.

"Rebecca, are you done yet?" Fiona asked, looking over at the cyborg who had maintained her distance from Timothy, and from the Crocodiles as well. Unlike Fiona, Rebecca had not walked over to Timothy's side, and had stayed behind with Kar.

Rebecca nodded. "I finished three minutes and twenty-six seconds ago. I was wondering when you would bring it up."

"Huh?" Timothy asked, turning to look at his mother's side profile. "Finished what?"

Fiona smiled at her son.

"Analyzing the footage from the Dark Forest, of course. Previously, we only had Marigold's T-REX to work with, and it was missing crucial parts of the narrative. We knew she was lying about the last part of the journey, the fight inside the Library, but we didn't know if her reasons for lying were as simple as what she stated. We wanted to wait for you and the others to come out before we made a judgment call. Unfortunately, Marigold blew the whole matter up and created quite a storm of lies among the crocodiles."

Timothy's jaw slackened.

"The T-REXes... they record footage! How could I forget? Mom, do you have the recording of what happened in the Sanctum?"

"We do," Fiona said, "but this whole trial started so fast we didn't have time to analyze it. I could only entrust the matter to Rebecca. She's been scouring the footage with her internal processors this whole time. I planned to take you into custody, then to analyze the footage myself and reveal it to the crocodiles afterward, but since Calanthra arrived... we'll have to make do with the raw video."

Marigold's already pale scales seemed to shrivel up at Fiona's words.

"W-what are you saying?!" Marigold asked. "You're forging evidence to protect Timothy?!"

Fiona scowled at her. "Watch your mouth, brat. I've known since the beginning about your brutal attack on my son. The only reason I didn't say anything was because I wanted to know for sure if he'd been taken over by a Dark One, and now I'm about to find out, just like everyone else."

Fiona hadn't had time to analyze the footage from Timothy's T-REX. Nobody had; only Rebecca. Thus, her assistance was going to be crucial for this part.

Rebecca revealed a small projection device she'd been keeping hidden in her grasp the whole time. She pulled a small cable out of her wrist, then attached it to the device.

With this, a holographic display appeared in the air above everyone's heads, drawing their eyes to it. Rebecca projected the events of the Dungeon in chronological order. She cycled through different POVs of the five T-REX users, including Timothy, Marigold, Paimon, and both Psions.

The Psions were surprised. Ferral was familiar with video games, but he was no Technopath. He wasn't familiar with the intricacies of the T-REX, and Raavul was even more ignorant. They had no idea the suits could record everything in a 360 degree radius around them using smart metal, vibrations within the environment, and so on.

For the first time, everyone, including Marigold, got a good look at what exactly happened inside Cthulhu's Sanctum. Calanthra's face was dark as the night, seeing the thriving community of Dark Ones. She understood that Timothy had traveled there via a 'dungeon', but she wasn't certain about how such a system functioned. 

Had Timothy really traveled across galaxies to a Dark One's enclave? Was it a false world, simulated by a higher power? A reproduction? Could it have been a form of time travel? Something else entirely?

She didn't know. Nobody present did.

The fairies, the crocodiles, and Timothy's friends watched as everything played out just like he had described. Sylphid attacked him, pinned him down, and attempted to steal Yredelemnul's Shard from him. Timothy fought her off, then he unleashed the power of Yredelemnul's Eye against Faceless. Sylphid submitted to Timothy, and all was made clear.

Several crocodiles frowned deeply. They looked at Marigold, understanding now that her version of events was... inaccurate, to say the least.

"Marigold." Kar said, directing a look of disappointment at his descendant. "Hurgh. Anything to say for yourself?"

"It's... fake!" Marigold spat. "Rebecca and Blinker planned this! They're using fairy magic to fake these images!"

"What feeble lies." Calanthra said, her disapproval of Marigold rising further. "These videos are clearly based on technological principles, not magical ones. My people are incapable of creating them."

Marigold pointed an accusatory finger at Blinker. "You're working with Fiona to protect him! This is all a plot against me!"

"Yes!" Marigold's father quickly chimed in. "Brothers, sisters, don't be fooled! All is not as it seems! Wasn't Rebecca standing against Timothy earlier? Now she reveals she was actually on his side the whole time! She's already lied once, clearly she's manipulating these false memories to deceive us!"

The expressions on the faces of several crocodiles changed. They carefully took a few steps away from Marigold and her immediate family.

Remus, Marigold's great grandfather, shook his head and sighed.

"Graugh. What a farce. Rebecca, please show us the final battle involving Timothy and Marigold."

Rebecca nodded. It didn't take long for her to show multiple angles of that final fight, revealing just how violently Marigold had brutalized her companions. Even her father was shocked by her behavior.

For the first time, Marigold's father took a step away from his daughter and looked at her as if she were possessed by an alien mind-virus. Since when had his cute little girl turned so despicable? He assumed from the beginning that she had fudged the truth a little, but these videos completely flipped the narrative!

"Marigold, graugh! You..."

Marigold started to shake. All eyes were on her now. If it hadn't been for those recordings, she was sure she could have maintained a fearless attitude and stayed safe from any consequences! But unfortunately, she had played her cards before the final hand, and now she was short on chips.

"D-daddy..." Marigold whimpered, looking him right in the eyes. "They're fake... those videos are fake. You believe me, right?"

Her father's expression softened. At once, he returned to her side, then looked at the others.

"Of course I believe you! I can't believe my conviction wavered. Graugh! You lot, bullying my innocent little girl, can't you see she's suffered enough already?!"

Timothy raised an eyebrow. So did the others.

Her father was about to turn on her. It was the final nail in Marigold's coffin. Why did he suddenly change his mind?

"Sneaky." Paimon suddenly said. "Marigold... did you just use your _Charm_ ability on your own father to turn him back to your side? Even as a Demon, I'm in awe of your shamelessness."

Marigold flinched. She shot a nasty glare Paimon's way. "Shut up, you nasty bloodskin, don't just shout accusations randomly!"

"In terms of accusations, I could never come close to the nerve you've shown." Paimon retorted, his tone bland. "Is there anything left that's worth saying?"

Undoubtedly, Marigold was finished. Her entire plot had fallen apart, and she'd landed flat on her face in front of everyone. She'd even been forced to Charm her own father to no avail.

Timothy had no idea how her Charm spell worked. The Eye of Yredelemnul could only see the names of skills, not how they worked, but it seemed likely that if others knew she could use such an ability, its effectiveness would drop drastically.

Privately, Timothy wondered again if Marigold had used Charm on him without his knowledge. The thought she might have mind-raped him was sickening to say the least.

After the vibe inside Chrona had shifted, Fiona pulled away from Timothy and turned to face Marigold directly.

"Assaulting my son was one thing. If it had just been that, I would have had you jailed for several years to teach you a lesson. But the real problem is that you lied multiple times, spread malicious rumors, and did everything you could to bring harm to Timothy and the others. Timothy faced the possibility of being imprisoned or even executed because of you. Calanthra alone might have killed him if we hadn't exposed your plot."

"For that reason," Fiona continued, "I'm going to cast judgment now on you. I will have you imprisoned in a special cell for a hundred years. Like all crocodiles, you're immortal, so you won't die in there, and I aim to do everything I can to rehabilitate you, but if that proves impossible, then you can stay in there forever."

"You're going to imprison me?!" Marigold asked in a panic. "Th-this is unfair! You can't do that!"

"Oh, but I can." Fiona said ominously.

Fiona waved her hand. A formless pressure erupted from her body and spread out into the skies. Timothy's sharp eyes detected tiny tethers of electrical energy that fired out in all directions, imperceptible to ordinary eyes. Not just him, but the fairies and the Psions also detected these tethers, albeit to varying degrees.

From all directions, tiny spherical drones swarmed downward. Marigold's body tensed as an army of tiny orbs rushed toward her with malicious intent.

"W-what are you doing?!" Marigold shrieked.

She reached into her Inventory and pulled out the Thunder Gauntlets, equipped them in an instant, and swung her fists up at the descending swarm.

Nothing happened. The power of the Thunder Gauntlets failed to activate. Marigold had intended to send a shockwave out, blasting apart the drones, but to her horror, the gauntlets seemed to have been stopped by an unknown power. In her haste, she had overlooked the fact that Fiona was the one who helped Jason design these gauntlets. There was no chance she would let the young crocodile escape while using them.

Seconds later, the drones crashed against Marigold's scales and exploded into a sticky tree-sap-like substance that rapidly engulfed her figure, hardened, and pinned her in place.

"Daddy, daddy!!" Marigold screeched, as the drones grabbed onto her solidified form, then began lifting her into the air. In front of everyone's eyes, Marigold was flown off to an unknown place, vanishing from their sight within moments.

The field went still.

Timothy gave his mother a look of appreciation. He had underestimated her and Rebecca. Obviously, they must have suspected something was fishy from the very start. They knew Timothy too well to think he'd really been taken over by a dark god, but they did have to also consider the possibility Marigold was telling the truth. They bided their time, and eventually forced the truth out in front of everyone.

Now, Timothy was cleared on all charges. He was not a slave to the Dark Ones, he had not betrayed humanity, and he had not betrayed Chrona either.

With all that said, there was only one last matter that hadn't been dealt with.

"I still don't know if Timothy can be fully trusted." Calanthra said. "You don't know the power of the Dark Ones. We need to make sure your son is still fully in control of his mind and will remain that way."

Fiona nodded. "Do what you need to do, Calanthra. I don't want him to turn into a megalomaniac any more than you do."

"So be it." Calanthra answered.