Part 295: Meeting of the Hidden Emperors (Part 1)

_Hell Harbor. Three short days after the failure of Stormbringer._

Beneath the surface of the lush, utopia-like world, in a hidden demonic compound several kilometers underground, in a facility reinforced by a combination of magic and technology, a lavish meeting room sits.

This room features a long, rectangular table with seats for up to fifty guests, in a chamber filled with all manner of demonic imagery. Paintings of various moments in demon history hang on the walls, while torches sit in between the paintings, giving off a soft red light and allowing those seated to admire the artwork from afar.

At the front of the room, a large pair of double doors opens onto a small platform which descends into the room's center, while at the opposite end, an elaborate demonstone chalice filled with virgin blood rests, along with a pair of gargoyle-shaped statues beside it, their figures frozen as if bowing in reverence to the goblet's contents.

At the head of the long conference table, an odd sight reveals itself. Two dark-skinned humans, an old man and his daughter, Benjamin and Lily Brown, sit quietly with their hands in their laps, awaiting the arrival of... other guests.

Lily, a fresh-faced eighteen year old girl, glances nervously from side to side every minute or so.

"Daddy. Are you sure they're coming soon? We've been waiting for hours."

This girl, the very same one who got her face kicked in by Rosalia just a few years before, appears to have learned some level of manners from that incident. Still, as a teenager, her energy and anxiety levels go through the roof as the minutes tick past with no arrival from her father's 'esteemed guests.'

"Kings never show up on time." Benjamin Brown says, adjusting his suit's arm-collar. "They make you wait as part of a deliberate power-ploy, my dear. The first to arrive carries both the highest and the lowest status. They mustn't appear too eager to come here, lest their minions think they have become subservient to my whims... the whims of a _mere human._ At the same time, the first to show up will get the honor of choosing the best seat, the one which holds the most authority. It is a delicate balancing act."

Lily blinks in incomprehension. "...Are you messing with me, daddy? I doubt there's really all that much to showing up on time. It's just common courtesy to keep your appointment! These demonstone chairs are so uncomfortable, my butt is starting to hurt!"

"Shall I send a slave to fetch a padded cushion for you?" Benjamin asks.

Lily _humphs_ in annoyance. "No! I'm a big girl. I can wait patiently."

Ben smiles. "Good. That's good."

Several more minutes pass. Lily continues to glance around, sighing melodramatically to herself.

"Sigh. Sigh! Daddy, is it true that Beelzebub died? I thought he could regenerate from anything, even death?"

"Last time Beelzebub detonated his body, he regenerated after just a few hours. This time, more than three days have passed, yet still we cannot detect even a hint of his soul's energy. According to the Oracles, the blast he unleashed on Tarus II was ten times mightier than the one he used to batter Uriel in the Labyrinth. It is likely that he overdrew his life reserves and... failed to regenerate."

A hint of disappointment appears on Lily's face.

"Oh. Is that so."

"Do you miss him?" Benjamin asks, suppressing a smile. "He was quite the attractive devil, after all. It wouldn't be unreasonable for you to fall in love with a male of his stature."

"F-fall in love?!" Lily sputters. "No way, daddy! Don't tease me! He was a piece of work, a real jerk! I'm glad he's gone!"

"If you say so," Ben replies, his smile turning mysterious. "Ah, to be young again."

Ben starts to say something else, but at that moment, a flicker of energy at the far end of the room catches his attention. The sensor modules inside his iris implants light up, revealing the presence of spatial transfer magic.

A moment later, five figures materialize near the blood-chalice, revealing themselves to be a group of Orcs dressed in elaborate robes, with one of the five wearing a set of ornate golden ceremonial armor. Their green skin appears surprisingly smooth to the touch, though their facial features appear only a bit less hideous than the average orcs one might encounter in the Labyrinth's hallways.

Benjamin's eyes flicker in recognition. "Oh? Two of the Ancients from the Hell of Calamity. I did not expect your eminent selves to show up first."

Of the five orcs, three of the lower-ranked ones step forward and pound their chests with their fists.

"Ancient Elder Maltus, Ancient Elder Huul! These two esteemed ones have deigned to show respect to this gathering!"

The two high-ranking orcs, standing several echelons above the weak, useless members of their species, ripple with a sense of power, authority, and majesty that smacks differently compared to the aura of a Demon Emperor.

Elder Maltus, the First Ancient, the second mightiest of all orcs in the Milky Way, steps forward. His glorious purple robes, emboldened with golden trim and the image of the original Zhurm, Sheol, emblazons itself across his chest. His mere presence causes Lily's throat to tighten.

"Benjamin Brown," Maltus growls. "My Zhurm apologizes. He is busy with a great many matters, and as such, cannot come to this... glorious meeting."

Benjamin smiles at Maltus, though the corners of his lips twitch ever so imperceptibly.

"Ah, yes. I'm sure the Zhurm has countless subjects vying for his attention. A lowly human like me is still humbled by your... majestic presence."

The other Ancient Orc, a female adorned in ornate golden armor, steps forward. Elder Huul clears her throat and shoots a nasty glare at Benjamin Brown. "How shameful for the First Hell to call for our esteemed presences, yet not send any of its elites to greet us. Ah, how far the Hell of Damnation has fallen! Ose dead, Bael dead, even your so-called shining star, Beelzebub... dead! Only Mephisto remains, yet that bone-headed brat lacks the guts to show himself before the Zhurm's mother! I am glad my son did not come, for he might put this whole Hell to the pyre if he were to experience such disrespect!"

Benjamin remains seated, in spite of Huul's words. "Your Elegance, lovely as always. Long has it been since I gazed upon your... _beauty_. Mephisto will arrive, soon. He is simply busy managing the First Hell's matters, as required with the fall of so many of our assets. I am merely his humble servant, here to guide the meeting until his arrival. Come, take a seat. I will call for refreshments."

Huul snorts derisively. "Refreshments. Always, you fleshbags know how to speak a few pretty words. Ah, but look at this charming daughter of yours. If you give her to me, I will bestow her upon my youngest son! He will ride this mare and ensure she bears ten fine spawn! Bahaha!"

Elder Maltus shoots a glance at Huul. Despite possessing a higher rank than her, he still hesitates to speak out against the Zhurm's mother.

"Lady Huul... Benjamin Brown may be a mere human, but his exploits during the Energy Wars-"

"Were ages ago! Just look at this decrepit old fart! He has long passed the glory of his youth!" Huul crows. "I show no respect to weaklings. He could never measure up to even one of my son's fingers!"

Lily frowns. She starts to open her mouth to defend her father, only for Benjamin Brown to erupt into laughter.

"Hah hah hah! Yes, Lady Huul, this old man has certainly lost much of his bite over the years. I am rusty, and my battle prowess isn't what it used to be."

Benjamin Brown pauses, as a strange look appears in his eyes.

"...But to imply that I have become weak and servile in my old age, would the esteemed guest dare to cross me in three blows, right here and now? I think you may find a _delightful_ surprise awaits you."

Huul glances at Benjamin Brown, only for a shudder to run down her spine. For the briefest of moments, a hint of the famed Battle Devil reveals itself in Benjamin's eyes, the eyes of the man who lost his brother and flew into a berserk rage during the battle against the Fifth Hell, the Hell of Calamity. On that day, Benjamin Brown eviscerated more than ten Ancient Orcs, ripping them limb from limb and beating Huul herself so senseless that, were it not for the intervention of a certain Demon Emperor, she might have perished on the spot.

The Second Ancient hesitates for a moment. She gazes into the eyes of the man who once left a mark of terror on her soul, then turns away to clear her throat.

"Ahem... haha, yes, yes, you make a good point, fleshbag! Ah, where are my manners? This old woman is herself quite weak and dainty! Thinking of my current status, it would be unbecoming of me to spar during such an important occasion, such as this. Why don't we just let bygones be bygones? I think I shall take a seat."

Benjamin nods slowly. "Yes. That sounds like a wonderful plan. There are still so many more guests who will show up soon, after all."

The three low-ranking orcs stand off to the side of the room, keeping their mouths shut, while the two Ancients take their seats near the end of the table, opposite from Benjamin and Lily.

On the surface, their choice of seating appears random. Neither seating themselves at the direct end of the table, nor at the right or left-hand seats, they instead take up positions two seats down.

Benjamin notices this discrepancy and smiles inwardly.

_It seems the Ancient Orcs still fear Emperor Gorn's wrath. They will not take the seat which they believe rightfully belongs to him. But if Emperor Auger should show up before Emperor Gorn, I wonder what sort of conflict will occur? Those two still violently feud, even after all this time. The competition for the title of 'Strongest Hell' will surely overflow at today's meeting._

After the two Ancients take their seats, the room's atmosphere turns noticeably colder. A certain tenseness lingers in the air, making it hard for Lily to catch her breath.

Elder Maltus turns his head to examine the pretty young girl. "The Second Elder spoke with a poor choice of words, earlier, but her general direction was not imprecise. This lovely young flower appears quite breedable! What is your name, child?"

Lily flinches under his direct questioning. The lewd intentions behind his words fluster her, making her look to her father for guidance. Benjamin Brown merely offers a slight nod to his daughter, forcing her to answer for herself.

"I am- my name is Lily Brown," Lily says, glancing sheepishly at Maltus. "I... I did not know orcs could be so... eloquent."

Maltus snorts. "Hmph. That is because the orcs we dispatch to the First Hell are the weakest, slowest, dumbest, and outright youngest of our kind. They have consumed precious little 'life water.' They have not earned their titles, nor have they baptized their weapons in blood. They are ignorant brutes, much like we Ancients once were, during the First Age. Before the First Zhurm established the might of the Orc Empire, our people were a mindless, brainless lot, killing and raping wantonly. Now, we are the mightiest monsters in all of the Seven Hells! We keep to ourselves, building up our power in secret, but we are more than happy for the greater universe to forget our true power. As a mighty human Hero once said, 'Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak.'"

"Sun Tzu," Huul says, snorting the name under her breath. "I met that male in combat once. He was a fearsome foe. I wished to breed with him, but he spat in my face. Hmph. That only made me desire him more!"

"Finding suitable breeding partners is so difficult in this era of wastrels," Maltus comments. "The once-mighty humans have fallen into disrepair. The First Hell barely houses any worthy mates. As the daughter of one of humanity's mightiest heroes, your genetics would enhance ours substantially. Why not join with us orcs and learn what a woman truly wants? We have many fine males who would-"

"My daughter will not join with the Orc Empire," Benjamin Brown says, cutting Maltus off mid-sentence. "She is a human and will bed with humans only."

Both of the Orc Ancients look at him with more than a hint of dismay.

"How unfortunate." Huul says, turning up her pig-like nose. 

Even as the Orcs hide their dissatisfaction, Lily shifts in her chair uneasily.

_Only bed with humans, hm? I probably shouldn't let daddy know about Belial, ehehe..._

Just when everyone starts to settle into their seats, another flicker of light disturbs the air inside the underground meeting chamber. A single Demon Emperor materializes, alone, without any attendants at his side.

Benjamin's eyes flicker with recognition. "Yardrat, Emperor of the Void," He says, introducing the demon out loud more for his daughter's sake than for anyone else's.

The newcomer, a slender male demon with soft white hair, a pleasant smile, and casual white robes, resembles a demonic monk of some sort, a holy figure walking a pious journey. His dreamlike features immediately entrance Lily, causing her to blush madly as she looks at him.

Benjamin's daughter gazes at him like a lovestruck puppy. _How can a demon be so... handsome? So pretty?! He's like a supermodel!_

However, an instant later, the dainty-looking Emperor speaks with a voice so gravelly it reminds Lily of swords scraping against armor.

"Benjamin Brown. Emperor Auger could not attend this meeting. As you can imagine, he is as busy as ever. He has no interest in handling... minor mundanities."

Benjamin lowers his eyebrows. "Oh, is that so? Curious. This is the second time one of the Hidden Hells has not sent their highest leaders. Could it be that the Hidden Hells no longer put the First Hell in their eyes? Might this even be interpreted as a sign of disrespect toward the... First Emperor?"

A chill descends on the room. Despite their proud behavior only a few minutes earlier, both of the Ancient Orcs shift uncomfortably in their seats, imagining a pair of eyes fixating upon them from somewhere unknown.

Emperor Yardrat narrows his eyes. He gazes at Benjamin Brown like a venomous snake sizing up its prey.

"How could this small figure act so presumptuously? Emperor Auger is a very private individual. I speak on his behalf everywhere that I go. He values my abilities greatly. I would not dare to insult the... First Emperor."

Yardrat clears his throat.

"Ahem. But surely, given the events that have rocked the First Hell, the First Emperor might actually come out of his seclusion for once? Such a private individual hiding his face at a time like this... it does not speak of confidence to us servants of the pitiful, lesser Hells."

"I cannot, and dare not speak for the First Emperor." Benjamin Brown mutters. "I know as little about him as you. It is said that if a great calamity should fall upon the Labyrinth, he will reveal himself and save all of us. Why, according to some rumors, there is even a possibility he has... _broken through the barrier_."

Yardrat flinches. "The barrier? Which one do you speak of?"

"I think you know well the matter to which I am referring," Benjamin says, choosing his words with care. "Since demonkind's earliest days, not one of your people has managed to reach a level beyond Demon Emperor. No matter how many souls you consume or what arts you perform, no demon can attain that forbidden level of power which even the Titans and angels once feared. But rumor has it... the First Emperor may have succeeded. Why else do you think the Overlords hesitate to intrude too carelessly upon our domain?"

Benjamin leans back in his chair and smiles. "Rumor has it that prior to the mind-wipes, Executor Nufaris planned to wipe out demonkind. It was only when the First Emperor revealed his power that the Overlords pulled back and beat a hasty retreat, agreeing to leave us to our devices. Not even the great Satan himself commanded such a level of fear. It truly inspires one's imagination, don't you agree?"

Yardrat stands in place, examining Benjamin's face. All he finds is a sea of rock-solid confidence.

"Bah. We don't know if there's any truth to such rumors..." Yardrat mumbles. Still, he quiets down and stops prodding the lowly human, instead opting to teleport to the head of the table. 

Yardrat reaches for the seat directly opposite Benjamin Brown. However, the moment his fingers touch the coveted chair, he freezes in place, thinking better of his decision. Without another word, he takes a seat at the right hand side of that coveted chair, tacitly admitting that he is unworthy to sit at the seat of highest honors.

Once again, an uncomfortable silence fills the room. Lily clears her throat.

"Emperor Yardrat, is it? I am Benjamin's daughter, Lily. What sort of powers do you wield? It looks like something involving teleportation?"

Despite her fear of the Demon Emperor, Lily's curiosity toward his astoundingly good looks and youthful appearance make her babble along, hoping to engage him in idle conversation.

Yardrat flashes her with an icy stare.

"...It is impolite to fish for information regarding a demon's powers. _Especially_ one so revered as myself. Learn some manners, wench."

Lily's cute smile freezes on her face. She awkwardly bites her tongue and looks away.

"Y-yes. Of course."

The young woman folds her hands on her lap, idly pinching and pulling at the hem of her pink dress, while her father says nothing.

Benjamin's words, spoken several hours earlier before they arrived at this meeting location, play back in Lily's mind.

_The Hidden Hells are absolutely terrifying. Say nothing that would offend them. If you enrage one of these fickle-minded Emperors, not even I will be able to protect you. They can make you die a thousand deaths in a thousand different ways, and I will never know who committed the murder. Pray they do not come to hate you... or to lust over you. The machinations of greedy Devils are not to be underestimated._

Remembering her father's warning, Lily falls silent, no longer attempting to speak to the pretty-boy Yardrat any longer. Despite his youthful appearance, he is surely tens, if not hundreds of times older than her.

Hardly has the conversation died down before another fifteen demons suddenly materialize near the blood-filled chalice, this time appearing with a violent _bang_! An explosion of blood erupts at each of their fifteen positions spraying the room in plasmic essence and causing Lily to flinch in disgust.

Before the bloody spray can land on anyone, it suddenly freezes in the air and retracts backward, splashing noiselessly into the chalice.

Of the fifteen new arrivals, only three of them appear to be Emperors, while the rest are all merely pretty and handsome-looking attendants. 

Fenrir, Emperor of the Night. A buxom woman with blood-red lips, pale white skin, and pitch-black hair streaked with splotches of white here and there. She wears lavish furs taken from the hides of fearsome beasts on her homeworld, which gives her an exotic appearance reminiscent of a succubus.

Beside Fenrir stands her loyal attendant, Dawn, the Lord of Caves. Dawn appears chipper and excited to be at the meeting, yet stays quiet as she remains by her master's side.

While Fenrir's vampiric appearance stands apart from all the other 'normal' demons in existence, the other two Emperors beside her appear just as attention-grabbing, only in different ways.

Wolfram, the Emperor of Rending. Lupus, the Emperor of Scales.

These two Emperors also stand out from other demons thanks entirely to their fur-covered bodies. As descendants of the first werewolves created by the Evil Hero, Dracula, they sport powerful muscles, thick skin resistant to injuries, and iron-like fur capable of absorbing all types of damage that might cripple lesser Emperors.

As leader of the Werewolves, Wolfram towers more than nine feet tall, dwarfing the figures of every other demon in the room, yet still standing half a head shorter than the Ancient Orcs. He assumes a dominant posture, like an alpha wolf on the prowl for his equal. His beady yellow eyes flick around the room, examining those present with derision, as if they haven't any meaning to him.

Meanwhile, Lupus, a female werewolf, appears smaller than Wolfram, yet just as capable of shattering mountains and carving valleys for rivers to flow. Her furred body hides a secret; a second layer of defense beneath her iron-like fur. Scales, nearly as tough and durable as those belonging to the ancient dragons, give her a level of defense that perhaps only Bael himself might be capable of matching.

Both of the werewolves wear almost no clothing, only covering up their private bits with small strips of leather.

Benjamin Brown rises to his feet as he finally meets the actual leaders of one of the Hidden Hells.

"Ah, Fenrir, my dear. You are truly a sight for sore eyes. And Wolfram, Lupus, it has been a few millennia since we last spoke. I hope the two of you have fared well."

Fenrir crosses her arms, deliberately pushing up her breasts in a sensual manner. "Benjamin, darling, long has it been since I sampled your delectable fruit. It seems you've had some fun since we last 'sparred,' judging by that precious child on your right."

Lily glances at her father in confusion.

_Has... daddy been involved with this Fenrir woman? I don't recall him mentioning her._

"This is my youngest daughter, Lily," Benjamin says, gesturing to her. "Come, have a seat, all three of you."

Lupus raises her eyebrow. "Fenrir, you have quite the _interesting_ taste in males. I didn't take you for a fleshbag-lover."

"Do not judge the delicacies which you have not tasted for yourself," Fenrir says, batting her eyes innocently. "Benjamin Brown has bested many of Hell's mightiest women. Why, I hear he even enjoyed a short fling with miss Silvia herself. I do hope she shows up... she's such a _fun_ character."

"I'll take your word on that." Lupus mutters.

Wolfram, however, remains silent. The massive werewolf male barely glances at anyone in the room, aside from Yardrat.

Emperor Yardrat meets Wolfram's gaze. "Have something to say, piss-ant? I can smell your musk from here."

Wolfram grunts. "Tsk. It seems Little Auger didn't show. What a pity. That pup always tucks his tail between his legs when I come barking."

"His lack of interest in this farce has nothing to do with you." Yardrat snaps. "Do not test my master's patience... or mine. I am not as slow to action as he... nor as _forgiving_."

"Heh heh..." Wolfram chuckles. "All bark and no bite. The Fourth Hell will always come up short to the Third."

"Now, now," Fenrir says, waving her delicate hand and revealing her painted-red nails. "This is no time for buffoonery. Let us take our seats. I am quite interested in what might happen once this meeting finally gets underway."

Up to this point, while all of the Demons so far have chosen to sit as far away from Benjamin Brown as possible, the Hell of Blood's participants surprise Lily by walking over and sitting directly next to her, on her father's right-hand side of the table.

Fenrir sits next to Lily, while Dawn sits between her master and the two werewolf Emperors.

"Lily," Fenrir says, smiling prettily. "Such a beautiful name. This is my assistant, Dawn. She is the Lord of Caves. She likes pretty girls, such as yourself."

Dawn leans forward to look past her master. "Hihi! I am Dawn! Very nice to meet you! It is always my plea-sure to speak to such beau-tiful human girls! So young and tasty, very delec-table, if I don't say so myself!"

Despite the odd references to 'taste,' Lily doesn't detect any hostile intentions behind Dawn's words. "Well, maybe after this meeting we'll get to talk some more! It's nice to meet you, too!"

As she leans back in her chair, Lily exhales a sigh of relief.

_At least not ALL the demons in the Hidden Hells are colossal jerkbags! I might even make a 'friend' here... or better!_

While the two juniors converse, Benjamin Brown locks eyes with Fenrir. She bats her eyes seductively, opting to speak to him via telepathy.

[Oh, Benny. Your child is so cute! Tsk, if only I could bear a girl from you, I would be so pleased.]

[You flatter me,] Ben says, smiling back, his expression going a bit beyond 'polite' into the realm of 'lurid.' [I have been quite busy attending to various matters in the Slithering Spire. Otherwise, I wouldn't mind if we spoke a bit more often.]

[Mmm, yes. I do miss our time spent together,] Fenrir says. [By the way, Kristoff apologizes for not coming. You know how he is. He detests all these political ploys. He'd rather spend his energy sucking the blood out of some delectable boy-toy.]

Benjamin snorts. [That's not all he's going to suck out.]

[Oh, you.]

While the two of them silently converse telepathically, at the other end of the table, Yardrat gazes at Fenrir with a look of silent contemplation.

_Emperor Fenrir, the wily she-devil herself. Her position at Benjamin Brown's right hand side is anything but coincidental. If I were to ask, she'd surely say she just wants to draw close to her old flame... but what sort of fool am I? There's more to her seat than meets the eye._

His eyes narrow to slits.

_Those rumors regarding the Battle Brothers must be true. Their bodies really were empowered through vampiric arts. And since the Battle Brothers worked directly under Mephisto, the current 'leader' of the First Hell... it is likely she intends to sink her claws into the Hell of Damnation and make herself the Second Emperor. Hah. Her ploys are transparent. That idiot, Mephisto, has led the werewolves straight to the rabbit's den. He thinks himself capable of seizing control of the First Hell, but in the end, he's nothing more than Fenrir's unwitting pawn._

Yardrat's eyes flicker with insight.

_No... perhaps not. Mephisto controls the River Styx. And now, none exist, save the First Emperor, who can oppose his wanton dipping into its waters. Could it be... is the reason he has not come here because he wishes to undergo his ascension, undisturbed?_

Yardrat shudders.

_The last time a Great Necromancer walked the Earth, his name was Valac. He forged an unstoppable empire of demons and undead that nearly wiped out the angels and Titans. If it hadn't been for Satan's return, Valac might never have perished. Mephisto as a Duke makes for a worrisome pawn, but as an Emperor, capable of wielding the power of life and death... he would genuinely become someone not even Fenrir could control!_

While the Emperor of the Void ponders the true implications behind this meeting, Lupus snorts loudly, as if laughing at some unspoken joke.

"Haha. Oh, what joy it brings me to see that Ose perish to her own hubris. Even before she became an Emperor, I could never stand her smug attitude. Knowing we will soon have a far more _worthy_ Second Emperor lifts my spirits."

Benjamin Brown turns his head to face Lupus. "You forget... no matter who assumes the position of Second Emperor, they will only hold that title until Diablo's reawakening. He might be comatose now, but he will eventually awaken and reassume control of the First Hell."

"Diablo..." Lupus repeats, her eyes turning misty. "Mmm. A real man, that one. Not soft and dainty, like Beelzebub... or Yardrat. I like it when men can punch through planets. I suppose if he returns, it won't be such a bad thing for the Seven Hells."

"I disagree!" Wolfram interjects. "The First Hell's decline is all Diablo's fault anyway. He failed to kill that Hero when he was just a brat. He allowed the Black Queen to run wild. Grawf! He has lost his prestige!"

Huul, the Second Ancient Orc, snaps her head to the left to look at Wolfram. "Hey! Watch your mouth. Don't even think of disrespecting Diablo in front of me! Lest we forget, it was Diablo's transformation which helped annihilate ninety-five percent of Heaven's forces during the War in Heaven! You could kill a thousand mighty foes and still not reach a fraction of the Emperor of Annihilation's achievements! Even the first Orc Zhurm paled before Diablo's greatness, let alone the likes of your people, who had yet to enter the Creator's eye!"

Yardrat crooks a faint, nasty smile. "Lady Huul speaks the truth. Emperor Diablo is not a demon you can casually insult. There is a reason my master did not quarrel with him running the First Hell. Diablo possessed the necessary... qualifications."

Momentarily mollified, Wolfram merely crosses his arms and turns up his nose.

"Hmph."

Realizing he cannot possibly dare to continue insulting one of demonkind's most decorated and mighty warriors, Wolfram decides to keep his mouth shut. A wise choice, given the attitudes of the people he even calls his friends.

Fenrir bats her eyes at Benjamin. "Speaking of Diablo, where is that lovable fellow? I should very much like to go and pay my respects to him."

The human shakes his head. "Sorry. No can do. Only three demons know of Diablo's location. Even I'm not sure where they hid him while he sleeps. He's in a vulnerable position, so until he reawakens, nobody is allowed to know where he rests."

"Oh, that lazy goof..." Fenrir comments flippantly. "He always did love a good nap. I'm sure he's enjoying his well-deserved sleep, lest we forget his conquests during the Energy Wars. He's been working _so_ hard ever since Satan passed away... such a shame about those rumors, though."

Benjamin and the others present raise their eyebrows. "Rumors?"

"Oh, didn't you hear? I suppose Ose's dirty little secret hasn't gotten out, yet," Fenrir says, her tone mysterious. "Then again, the Wordsmith _did_ kill all the witnesses to her filthy confession. Once everyone has arrived, perhaps I'll let you know."

Benjamin scrutinizes her face, but finds no signs of lying. "...Alright. We'll go along with that-"

Before he can finish his words, the two great doors behind him suddenly fly open, and a single red-haired demoness walks in, a maniacal look on her face.

"Hello, boys! Did you ugly little cunts miss me? Sorry I'm late, the spatial storms were CRAZY on the way over! Bahaha!"

Ben turns around to look behind himself, frowning when he sees her.

"Fae. The Emperor of Terror," He says, in a low, pained voice. "...Lovely to see you."

"Oh, piss off," Fae says, as the skinny, bony-looking demoness strides in the door. Her raggedy-red hair gives her the appearance of a beggar just strolled in from the street, while her ratty clothing looks like something she pulled off a fifty-year-old corpse lying in a ditch. Absolutely nothing about her evokes the majesty of a so-called Demon Emperor.

After she enters, the door closes behind her. She strides past Benjamin and the rest without paying them any heed, opting instead to meander toward Yardrat at the far end of the table.

"Hey! Slime-face! I told you to wait for me! Can't you see I had to get my nails done? This is a special occasion, so what kind of shit-faced brat leaves a delicate lady like me in waiting, huh?? I had to blow up like three Warpers just to get here! Such a pain in my ass!"

Yardrat stares at the demoness with a look of disgust. "I waited long enough. I assumed you weren't going to come."

"Hah! More like you hoped I wouldn't! Don't fuck with me, Yar-brat! You're just jealous of my good looks!"

To everyone's surprise, Fae strides right up to the seat of honor, pulls it back, and plops down.

"Wow, what a comfy chair! And to think not one of you losers had the balls to sit here! Bahahaha, the guts of the 'Hidden Emperors' turn more and more to shit every day! Ain't that right, Orc-face One and Orc-face Two? To say nothing of the hairy mutts seated next to the bloodsuckers, bahaha!"

Looks of anger go up around the table. The more Fae speaks, the more vile and pointed her words become. However, nobody speaks up to defend themselves, not even Wolfram. Something about her powers, abilities, and past history make them hesitant to get on her bad side.

"We're just waiting for the other Emperors to show up," Fenrir says, her tone muted and somewhat diplomatic.

"Yeah, yeah," Fae blabbers. "Where's the grub? Where's the booze? How can you have a big, ugly table like this but no refreshments?! If Bael were here, he'd know how to treat a lady! Oh, but too bad! You idiots went and got Hell's Best Boy killed! Fuckin' bunch of losers!"

Lily listens silently, but doesn't dare to stick her neck out and instead takes refuge behind Fenrir, making herself as small as possible. With Fae's wild antics, she definitely seems the 'crazy' type of demoness her father warned her to avoid the most.

Benjamin Brown and the others continue to wait, while Fae spews her hateful gibberish. All the while, the minutes tick past.

_So many have already arrived,_ Benjamin thinks. _And yet in total, not even half of the Hidden Emperors have shown their faces. I still expect many more to come._