Part 150: Archangels and Emperors

_Several minutes earlier._

Lucifer, the Emperor of Providence, darts back and forth as she evades Gabriel's concentrated holy energy blasts. The Archangel of Power fires dozens of bolts from both palms, narrowly missing the agile Emperor as she dodges from left to right.

"Hold still. Thou art only delaying the inevitable."

His voice, calm as a lake on a summer day, betrays no emotion. However, he narrows his eyes and glares at her with a slight hint of bubbling rage.

"Thy people slew my beloved sister, Uriel. An eye for an eye, demoness."

Lucifer backflips over two bolts of holy energy and winces as her foot slips on a patch of wet grass. She wrenches her ankle, but quickly uses her uninjured foot to dodge again. "Don't screw with me, Archangel! If you keep babbling, I'll break your jaw!"

"Thou lacketh a fraction of the power needed to accomplish such a feat," Gabriel murmurs. He motions with his hands, and an orb of light materializes above his head. It rapidly expands in size from a marble to a beach ball.

The orb begins to glow as bright as the sun. Lucifer's face turns ashen as the dazzling ball winds up to fire a massive blast of holy energy. "Oh, _devils._ That can't be good."

_FWOOOOOM!_

Gabriel palm-strikes the air, and his massive holy-ball unleashes all of its might toward the Emperor in a laser-like stream of holy energy. Lucifer jumps to the side and begins running on both hands and her one still-working foot. She dashes around Gabriel in a wide circle, through crowds of angels and demons alike, but his colossal beam of destruction rips up Heaven's Soil and chases after her. Several demons open their mouths to scream, but the moment the light sweeps over them, they disintegrate into ash.

As Lucifer circles Gabriel, her body begins to undergo dramatic changes. Her skin changes color from red to black. Her head quadruple in size, as do her teeth. Giant ears replace her horns, while her feet and hands shift into five-clawed wolf paws.

Within seconds, Lucifer completes her transformation from Demon Emperor into the biggest, meanest, most vicious-looking Hellhound in Heaven.

Lucifer digs her claws into the soil and instantly halts her momentum. Before Gabriel's holy laser can hit her, she charges straight at the Archangel and unleashes a terrifying roar. 

"**HARROOO!!**"

Gabriel flinches as the massive animal rushes him. "Gods! What in the name of-?!"

The Archangel's laser tries to follow Lucifer, but her speed and agility quintuple thanks to her transformation. The Hellhound Emperor smashes against the forcefield protecting Gabriel with all her strength, knocking the Archangel backward several feet. She swipes at him over and over, each strike tearing through his force field like a shredder devouring paper.

Gabriel dispels his magic orb, returning it to the aether. He stumbles backward and tries to stunt the enraged animal's movements, but much like a man trying to stop a Rottweiler with his bare hands, the effort proves futile.

"SNAAARR! AWRAHHR!"

Lucifer's fifty eyes lock onto Gabriel's. Her massive jaw snaps at his face over and over, and despite the Archangel's best effort, he can barely manage to contain her sheer power.

Several angels nearby, the ones whose demonic attackers evaporated into ash moments earlier, gape at the massive animal threatening to kill their brother. "Disregard the demons! Assist Gabriel! We can't afford to lose another Archangel today!"

The Cherub warriors charge Lucifer and Gabriel, but the moment they draw near, Lucifer instantly shoves away from Gabriel and pounces at the newcomers. Several of them shriek in fright, but they can't move fast enough to dodge the terrifying monster. Lucifer's jaws crush, rip and tear several men and women before they can react. Her bladed tail lashes around like a scorpion's and severs the heads of three Cherubs before they can defend themselves. She slams her paws on top of two other Cherubs and smashes them into the ground, shattering their bodies under the one-ton weight of her bulk.

"ISH THATT ALL YOU'VE GOTT?! FOOL-HISH SHICKENSH! WITNESH MY DEMONIC TRANSHFORMASHUN! COWER IN CHERROR!!"

Her animal mouth bellows out half-formed words, but even with her speaking inhibited, the meaning doesn't escape her enemies. The cherubs quake and shiver as Lucifer's monstrous aura explodes from her body even more forcefully than before. 

Gabriel summons his holy greatsword. He charges the Hellhound from behind, but ten of Lucifer's eyes see him coming before he takes a single step. She instantly frontflips, spins around in midair, and pounces at the Archangel.

_BOOM!_

Lucifer's right paw slaps Gabriel to the side, sending him tumbling end over end. Gabriel's heavy armor grinds against the scorched earth as he struggles to his feet. Despite his best efforts, Gabriel proves no match for Lucifer's insane speed and strength. She jumps on Gabriel turns his left arm into a chew-toy, biting it with all of her strength.

"SKRRREEOW!"

Lucifer screams like a lion as her teeth pierce the barrier of holy energy protecting Gabriel's body. Still, even with more purified mana than any lower demon could handle surging into her brain, she manages to hold her own against the Archangel's unbelievable mana reserves. 

With great difficulty, Gabriel grinds his right arm into the ground and shoves himself upward. He twists his waist and flings the Hellhound with all his strength, tearing his left arm off his shoulder and sending Lucifer flying through the air. Instead of crashing into the dirt, she spins with catlike agility and lands expertly on her paws, then spits his limb on the ground. 

"HARH! I KNEW YOU'D BLEED, ARK-AN-JELL! NEFFAR UNDERESHTIMATE THE EMPURR-UR OF PRUH-VUH-DENSH!"

Gabriel grits his teeth as he clutches his fresh, bloody stump. "Tch... long has it been since I felt pain. Thou art a fearsome creature... but no match for me. Not in a million eons."

Lucifer charges Gabriel again, but by the time she clears half the gap, the Emperor comes to a screeching halt and jumps backward in surprise. Gabriel's body begins to grow... grow... grow.

Fifteen feet. Twenty. Thirty.

Gabriel locks eyes with the Hellhound Emperor. Where before Lucifer once appeared a terrifying monster, soon she is little more than a tiny little chihuahua at his feet.

"**Cosmic Expansion,**" Gabriel growls. Despite keeping his voice low, it manifests as a deafening boom to the ears of the tiny figures around him. 

Demons and angels alike stare up at the expanding Archangel; The former in terror, and the latter in awe. Still, Gabriel's size increases, and within seconds he stands a hundred feet tall. Even Zeus, the largest of the Titans, barely reaches his waist.

A faint smile appears on Gabriel's lips. With his single remaining arm, the Archangel of Power leans down and grabs at the Hellhound beneath him.

"**Come, little pup. I will demonstrate the true meaning of power to thee.**"

Lucifer's eyes widen at the building-sized hand reaching for her. She whimpers like a beaten mutt and quickly darts away, jumping into a nearby Burrower's hole.

Gabriel's hand scrapes the dirt. He digs in, crushing several grunts who couldn't dodge in time, and lifts a humongous pile of debris into the sky. After staring at it for a moment, the Archangel frowns.

"**Hm. She escaped. What a shame.**"

With a shrug of his shoulders, Gabriel releases the ten-ton dirt clod and flicks his eyes around Heaven. Thanks to his hundred-foot vantage point, he's finally able to take note of the battle unfolding as he sweeps his eyes from Michael to Camael, and then finally to Raphael.

"**By the gods! What power is my eldest brother about to unleash?**"

Gabriel stares, wide-eyed, as Raphael prepares to activate one of his ultimate techniques.

---

_Elsewhere on the battlefield._

Bael and Camael contest each other in an epic battle of the ages. The Duke of Pain leaps toward his Archangel opponent and push-kicks her tower shield, knocking her backward. She grinds her feet into Heaven's Soil and activates the power of Orion's Belt to hold herself in place as Bael punches and headbutts her shield over and over.

"You gonna hide behind that piece of metal forever, grandma?!"

Bael grabs the edges of the shield and yanks hards. However, instead of ripping it out of Camael's grasp, he only succeeds in pulling the Archangel toward him. With her momentum shifted, Camael inverts Bael's strength and swings Mjölnir in a wide arc.

_CRACK!_

She brings the hammer down and smashes it against Bael's left shoulder, battering him to the right and flinging him into the dirt. Bael grinds to a stop and immediately jumps to his feet. 

"Oh! You surprised me! I didn't think those creaky old bones could move like that!"

Camael scowls. "Shut it, demon! I've plenty more where that came from!"

Using the power of Hermes Boots, Camael charges Bael and clears the short gap instantly. She swings Mjölnir toward his head, but Bael jerks his left arm up and blocks the blow at the last instant. He parries with a kick toward Camael's shin, but she drops her shield on top of his leg, grinding his foot into the dirt.

"Tch, you're too fast for me," Bael grunts. 

"All thanks to my lightning boots," Camael smirks.

He and the old woman trade blows for several seconds. Her hammer strikes him, and his fists swing toward exposed areas, only for her to deflect them at the last instant.

Both appear evenly matched, but as the battle rages, Camael's breathing falters. She begins gasping as she tries to keep up with Bael's incredible stamina, but he never appears even slightly winded.

"Damn, girl! You're pretty strong, too!"

"Thank my belt for that!" Camael yells. She charges Bael again.

_WHAM!_

Camael hammers Bael's face, catching him off-balance and sending him hurtling to the side. His cocky smile vanishes as he inadvertently chews a mouthful of dirt.

"Gaah..." Camael gasps for breath. She staggers slightly and blinks as stars appear in her eyes. Her heart pounds like a jackhammer in her chest, but even with Bael slightly dazed, he's not in nearly as bad of condition as her.

"C-can't... can't keep this pace up..." Camael wheezes. She stares in horror as Bael pulls himself to his feet. A slight trickle of blood runs down the side of his mouth. 

"Ah, fugg, yew knocked one'f mah teef out. Fuggin biff. I liked that toof. It wath my favorite toof."

Bael spits blood on the ground and rubs his jaw. 

"Yew hit pwetty hawd, gwamma," Bael continues. He massages his jaw for a moment, then returns to speaking normally. "That club-thing hurts like an angry broodmother."

"It's a _hammer_, not a club, imbecile!" Camael roars. She leaps into the air, flaps her wings, and rushes Bael again. "I designed it to kill demons, and that's exactly what it will do!"

Camael tries to batter Bael again, but this time, he catches her off-guard. With a quick, almost flippant motion, he backhands her hammer and delivers a precise palm-strike to her solar plexus.

_Thuk!_

Bael evades Camael's shield and knocks the wind out of her, sending her tumbling backward. Her hammer flies out of her grasp as she loses her grip on it. It smashes into the dirt fifty feet away, sprays a small avalanche of dust in every direction, and startles several demons and angels battling nearby. 

One of the grunt's eyes widens as he spots the enchanted weapon. "Oooh! Perfect timing!"

The little guy dives for the weapon and grabs its upraised handle. He starts to tug at it, but a moment later, a lethal amount of holy energy floods into his arms and travels to his heart, detonating every cell in his body like a grenade. The grunt's entrails spray in every direction and coat the nearby angels and demons with his remains.

"By the Creator!" One of the cherubs yells in astonishment.

"Oy! Keep away from that thing!" A demon Lord yells. "It's dangerous!"

"No, shit!" Another grunt yells.

Bael gapes at Camael's hammer for several seconds, giving his elderly opponent a chance to collect herself and jump to her feet. Camael presses her right palm against her chest and swoons for a moment as she struggles to regain her breath.

"F-foolish demon... Mjölnir... possesses millions of years of holy energy within its head. Only an imbecile would think themselves worthy of wielding it."

She aims her palm at Mjölnir, causing the divine weapon to leap from the dirt and sail into her grasp. Bael watches in wonder as she twirls it around and turns to face him.

"From the tale Hercules wove, it became apparent that thou art a most stalwart opponent, Duke of Pain. Since that is the case, then I will have to unleash every bit of my power if I hope to defeat thee."

Bael raises an eyebrow. "Don't get your knickers in a twist. You already knocked one of my teeth out. You're doing better'n most I've fought."

"Yet still, 'tis not enough," Camael murmurs. 

The Archangel of Divination sucks in a deep breath. She kneels and coils power into her legs as she prepares to leap at Bael. An instant before she pounces, Camael freezes in place.

"What?! This feeling... something is coming!"

Camael's eyes widen as she jerks her head around. A horrible foreboding falls upon her as a dreadful aura spreads throughout the air.

"Impossible! Hercules told us-"

"Don't lose your concentration, grandma!" Bael roars. He charges Camael while she's distracted and slams his gut against her shield, knocking her off-balance. Camael yelps in surprise and flies backward. Her wings grind into the dirt, and her head slaps against the foot of a nearby demon Lord.

"Archangel!" The Lord yells. He motions with his hands and starts to summon the elemental power of fire, but at that moment, Sophia appears and rips his head off with a powerful blast of water. The Lord staggers and falls to his side, dead.

"Sister!" Sophia yells. She quickly yanks Camael to her feet, and Penelope appears beside her. The Giantess's armor no longer shines with a golden luster, as hardened and dried blood cakes its surface. "The demons keep coming! They're still pouring through Heaven's Gate! We can't disable it!"

Camael staggers woozily and barely acknowledges her sister's words. "Sophia. Forget all of that. Just now, I sensed the Reaper's presence!"

Sophia's face turns ashen. "You did?! But... I didn't sense anything..."

"'Twas only for an instant. Go now and seek out Raphael at once."

Sophia shakes her head. "No, no, Valac can't be back! He can't! Hercules said-"

"I know, but he might have been wrong," Camael replies, cutting the Valkyrie of Water off. "Take Penelope, find Raphael, and tell him, before it's too late!"

Bael stomps toward Camael, but pauses a few feet away to listen to her words. "Oh? Valac's still alive, eh? Coulda swore the boss took 'im out for good. That bastard's one sturdy bag of bones."

Camael glares at Bael and strikes a defensive pose. "It seems likely he survived. I don't sense him anymore, but he might be masking his presence. Before he returns, I will have to unleash all of my might against thee. No more games, Duke of Pain. Thy end has arrived."

A flicker of doubt crosses Camael's face. Worry spreads throughout her body as she wonders if she can, indeed, take out Bael. Having only knocked out one of his teeth, the Archangel of Divination appears uncertain of her ability to eliminate him.

Nevertheless, she grunts in determination. "Hmpf. Penelope, assist Sophia. While she warns Raphael, thou must-"

"No time for explanations!" Bael yells. He jumps toward Camael, taking her by surprise. "Fighting ain't fun if you hafta use your brain!"

Bael's body slams against Camael's shield. He wraps both arms around her defensive implement, digs his feet into the dirt, and tries to tear it off her body, along with her arm. Instead, Penelope swings her greatmace down and smashes the Duke in his head, sending a powerful shockwave throughout the nearby areas. Several demons and angels get tossed away, but Bael merely grunts as the weapon cracks his skull.

"Ow! Ow! You fuckin' bitch!"

Bael releases his right arm to grab at the Valkyrie, but at that moment, Camael aims Mjölnir at the sky, summoning a thundercloud overhead.

_CRACK!_

Lightning tears from the sky and electrifies her hammer. Camael slams it against Bael's left arm and shatters his elbow. Bael involuntarily releases her shield and tumbles to the right, unable to move his arm properly. 

"Shit! Double-bitch!"

He grinds into the dirt and jumps to his feet again, but this time, his arm appears badly bent in the wrong direction. Camael smiles darkly at his dislocated elbow.

"It appears we _can_ injure this demon."

"Great work, sis!" Penelope laughs. She flaps her wings and heads after Sophia. "I'll leave the rest to you!"

"Fuck, fuck, fuck! That really fuckin' hurt!" Bael snarls. He pauses for a moment to catch his breath, then grabs his broken arm and forcibly wrenches it back into place. A horrible popping sound erupts in his elbow, and within two seconds, he flexes his fingers to ensure they still work. However, his grip appears noticeably weaker than before.

"Maaaan... gonna hafta crawl over to Belial and ask her to fix me up when I'm all done with these broads," Bael mutters. "What a pain in the ass."

"Sorry!" Camael says mockingly. She keeps both eyes fixated on Bael as Penelope leaves. "Next time, I'll strike thee so hard that thou shalt not reawaken!"

---

Michael's eyes flick in every direction. A shimmer in the air catches his attention, and he immediately spins to face it.

_There!_

A translucent, nearly invisible demon swipes his claws against Michael's iron-gripped sword. The Archangel presses against the ground with his feet and slashes down, intending to behead his attacker. Instead, his weapon glances off his foe's armored scales, but it has the desired effect of flinging his attacker backward.

"Gah!"

Agares cries out in surprise as the Archangel sends him flying. The Duke's camouflage wears off, while he lands on his back in a small patch of grass. His armor grinds against Heaven's Soil, but he doesn't suffer any injuries. Immediately, the reptilian demon uses his tail to flip onto his feet, and he takes three steps back.

The Duke of Reptiles eyes Michael warily. Because of his reptilian physiology, he doesn't sweat even with exhaustion wracking his entire body. "Vepar!"

_The female, again,_ Michael thinks to himself. He glances around, but with all the chaos of hundreds of small-scale battles in every direction, it's difficult to pick out the movements of her chemical trail. At the last second, he spots her. Vepar hugs the ground and appears as a deadly poison mist blending in with the grass. She arrives at Michael's feet and leaps toward his face, but the Archangel of Courage easily dodges. He beats his wings as hard as possible and slides in the opposite direction, blowing her away with a gust of wind.

"Urgh!"

Vepar cries out in annoyance as her poison-gas form gets pushed several feet away from Michael. Even with that momentary distraction, the Archangel keeps his gaze firmly locked on Agares.

"Agares, the demon who humiliated me. I know thy name. I plucked it from the lips of several demons I've captured over the last five centuries. Thy people are a species of backstabbers, but it took more work than I found preferable to extract the name of the one who took my right arm from me."

Michael flicks his gaze to the limb hanging uselessly at his side. It appears shriveled and dried up, like a prune which has laid in the desert for far too long. If one were to reach over and squeeze with all their strength, they might tear it off without any trouble.

"Is this the most thou cans't accomplish? Thou hath done little more than slow me down. After I shatter thy defenses, thou shalt be little more than a bloodied snake writhing in the grass. The torture I inflict upon thee will be most exquisite. I'll take my time in peeling the flesh from thy bones and allow thy screams to send tingles of horror through any who hear."

Agares tenses up as he gazes into the cold, monstrous eyes of the Archangel. "I never intended to beat you, Michael. Slowing you down was always my goal. That's why Satan picked a Duke and a Baron, because he didn't want to face you right now. Your threats of torture are empty if all the angels perish today."

Michael narrows his eyes. "Oh? I see. Are thy people that terrified of me? They should be. I slew many dragons and Titans during the primordial era. Have thee any idea what a dragon is? The mightiest demon would pale in comparison to Jörmungandr. I lack memories of those glorious days, but Raphael has regaled me with tales of the dragon mother's nigh-infinite power. Compared to her splendor, crushing a legion of bugs is almost... _beneath me._"

At the mention of _dragons_, Agares pales slightly, but Michael seems to misunderstand him. After all, how can the Archangel know that a dragon was responsible for the demons' sudden power increase? At the sight of Agares' fearful expression, Michael grins in delight.

_Hah. It seems my description was quite vivid. This little Duke finally understands how weak and frail his people are compared to the ancient wyrms. The Emperors do, indeed, possess a small modicum of power, but 'tis nothing compared to the dragons whom I've faced before. Raphael confirmed as much._

Michael glances around and picks out several key battles, including Zeus battling Belial, Satan struggling against Raphael, and Bael duking it out against Camael.

"Tch. To think thy egos hath inflated so much over the last few millennia! A direct assault on Heaven?! What foolishness! The Angels survived the first light of eternity, the primordial era, the war of the dragons, the war of the Titans, and countless other struggles preceding and following those dark days. Compared to the innumerable losses we've suffered, thy people shall be little more than footnotes in our scrolls!"

The Archangel of Courage raises his sword. He presses his teeth together and snarls at Agares. "Were it not for thy deceit, Uriel alone would have slain every last one of thy fellow bloodskins in the caves. By my sister's name, as well as Samael's... I swear... I will avenge them!"

Michael flaps his wings. He instantly charges at Agares, turning the lizard-demon's blood to ice. Agares quickly holds up his arms and tucks himself into a ball as Michael's sword transforms into a whirlwind of steel.

_Ting ting ting, shik!_

Michael's weapon bounces off Agares scales a hundred times within two seconds, only for it to suddenly find a chink in the reptile's armor. Michael's eyes widen greedily as he plunges his blade deep into Agares' back, causing the reptile to howl in pain.

"Gaaahh!"

An instant later, Michael yanks his sword out and kicks Agares in the face, flinging him backward and breaking his defensive posture. Agares lands in the dirt, but his heart palpitates as the Archangel lunges at him again!

Michael cackles maniacally. "Hahaha! Thy death is upon thee, little bloodskin!"

Agares rolls to the side and slaps his tail against the ground, launching himself to the right. He spins in midair and lands on his feet, then quickly dashes away. With a wave of his hands, he activates his camouflage and crouches low to the grass.

_I need to put some distance between us! Michael is too fast! I thought his sword couldn't pierce my scales, but that isn't the case at all! He's way beyond the likes of- AH!_

Agares screeches to a halt as the Archangel of Courage suddenly slams into the ground before him. The Archangel's wings twitch, allowing him to jumps toward the startled Duke.

"Dodge this, little gecko!"

Michael's arm becomes a blur. His sword slashes and stabs at every point on Agares' body. Seconds later, several fountains of blood erupt between Agares's scales, causing the Duke to stumble backward.

"Ahhh! Ahh!!!"

He screams in pain and covers his vulnerable eyeballs with his hands, but he hasn't the speed to escape, nor the strength to retaliate.

"Pahaha! Look at how the snail curls into his shell! Cowering in the dark is all thou can hope to accomplish!"

Unlike ordinary swords forged by humans thousands of years after the War in Heaven, Michael's enchanted blade never dulls, dings, or dents as it eviscerates Agares from head to toe. Camael's divine magic makes it unbreakable, allowing Michael to unleash massive amounts of battle strength without worrying about losing his only weapon.

Suddenly, a light flashes in Agares' mind!

_If I can't escape the Archangel; then it's time for desperate measures!_

Agares continues to shield his face, but deep in his stomach, he conjures a ball of fetid filth, formed from the frothing mixture of many cobra poisons.

As Michael cackles maniacally, Agares flings his arms apart, startling his opponent.

"BLEECKK!"

An eruption of black poison, resembling tar, erupts from his throat and fires at Michael. Instinctively, the Archangel slices and dices the point-blank attack, only to spread it in every direction. It sprays his face, arms, chest, and legs, causing him to flap his wings and fly backward.

"Agh! My eyes! What is this abominable-?!"

With only one hand available, Michael blearily tries to hold his sword and use his thumb to paw the horrid venom out of his eyes, but a moment later, his skin begins to boil and fester. He stumbles backward and screams in rage as Agares' trump card starts chewing at his mana reserves. "Eeeuughh! Gaaah!! It burns!!!"

Agares staggers slightly as his blood loss starts to slow. His regenerative reptilian powers work to stop the bleeding, but his gashed-apart muscles ache like no tomorrow. "G-gotta keep the pressure up... can I kill him?"

Without wasting effort on thoughts and worries, Agares quickly charges toward Michael. He leaps at the Archangel and swipes his paws at his opponent's head, intending to finish him in one blow.

Michael stops screaming. 

He grins.

For the Archangel of Courage, time slows to an absolute crawl. His agonized movements cease, and he calmly stands up.

Michael gazes with contempt at the reptile pouncing toward his face. He flicks his eyes to the left and spots the light shifting of grass, betraying Vepar's poison-body form.

_Fools._

Michael shakes his head.

_From the beginning of this battle, my goal has been to break this bloodskin's fighting spirit. After finally gaining the upper hand on me, he believes he's about to win._

_How... conceited._

_With my ultimate Omni-Perception, how could slugs ever stand a chance? In my eyes, my opponents might as well be wading through quicksand. Of course, only my arm can move fast enough to follow my eyes, but that is enough. I need only to stand in place to kill anyone who draws near._

Slowly, deliberately, Michael stabs his blade into the ground. He takes a few minutes to clean his eyes and face, then smirks as he grabs his sword again.

Agares has scarcely moved an inch.

_Oops,_ Michael thinks to himself. He raises his sword above Agares' head and turns it sideways. _It seems my hand... **slipped.**_

Michael swings his weapon down. The flat of the blade smashes against Agares' skull, pounding him into the dirt.

Agares hits the ground faster than his mind can react. A moment later, all of his bones scream in pain, while his head spins in a daze.

_Hit... whuh hit... muh...?_

Vepar, still in her poison-body form, stares at Michael in shock.

_What was that? One second, Michael was screaming in pain and rubbing his eyes. Then, when Agares jumped at him, he got pounded into the ground. Look! Michael's face is clean, too! How did he... what did he...?!_

A sinister grin spreads across Michael's face.

"Thou art a thousand eons too early to challenge me, bloodskins. Ah, but even if thou possessed enough time to prepare, thy death would be the inevitable result. Thou art a flea trying to stand against the might of a hurricane."

Agares twitches his fingers and toes. The old man gasps for breath as he shakily pulls himself to his feet. His left eyelid squeezes shut. Bloody entrails flow from it, evidence that he lost the eye. Dozens of teeth, including his two prominent fangs, lie in ruins. Most sit snapped and shattered inside his skull. Several appear to have broken free and embedded into the tops and bottoms of his jaw, sending waves of additional pain into his head.

"Muh... my... kull..."

He gazes in horror at the Archangel towering over him. Michael makes no move to end the battle, but instead holds his sword away from his body, spreading his arm out like a wing. "Have thee any secret abilities, little one? After I finish with thee, I should very much like to slaughter one of thy Emperors. Do not keep me waiting."

Agares's thoughts turn sluggish.

_Secret... trump cards... secret... do I... did I... have any of those?_

Slowly, the Duke of Reptiles turns his head to the left. Satan and Raphael shout obscenities at one another only a hundred paces away. In the other direction, Gabriel's massive, towering body expands to over a hundred feet tall as he battles Lucifer.

_Did I... have anything... like that?_

Agares finally nods.

_I did. I do. But... they are insufficient. My body is too broken. How can I stand against a foe like Michael? If only I had-_

"Uwaaah!"

A booming voice cries out from the skies. Michael jerks his head up and gasps as Zeus's forty-foot form comes tumbling from above. Michael flaps his wings and retreats fifty steps, allowing the Titan King to crash into the ground where Michael stood only a second before. His back hits the ground, making his head whip backward and batter against a stone. He slides across the grass, creating a humongous gulley in his wake.

Atop Zeus, Belial giggles cutely. She hops off his face, backflips multiple times, and dives between his legs. Two seconds later, the Emperor of Passion crawls under the Titan King's back, coils strength into her fist, and uppercuts his spine with all her strength.

_THOOOM!_

"AAAAUUGH!!"

Zeus screams in pain as the strongest Emperor launches him into the sky. She immediately coils strength into her legs, jumps after him, and punts him to the side, sending Zeus spinning and careening into an unsuspecting wall of cherubs. A hundred angels scream in fright as the largest Titan sails into their ranks and crushes them to death.

Belial lands on her feet and stares after the Titan King. When he doesn't immediately jump to his feet, she nods.

"I didn't mean to kill those angels. Tch. Why'd they have to be in the way?! Stupid, stupid chickens! Jeez. At least Satan will praise me. I guess that's something."

Belial grumbles for a moment, then scans her surroundings. She blinks in surprise as she spots not only Michael, but the badly beaten and bruised Agares as well.

"A-Agares! Oh, devils! Are you okay?! You were only supposed to slow Michael down; not fight him!"

Agares raises a single shaky thumb. "Uh... uh huh... I d-did my best... uoohh..." He sags to his knees and gasps for breath. Seconds later, Agares's reptilian form wears off, returning him to an even more miserable base demon form. With his eye still missing and dozens of bones broken, Agares looks like a toddler could finish him off.

"Why hello there, bloodskin," Michael sneers. "I remember thy face well. Thou were the female who dared battle me. I left thee a broken, beaten mess. Still, I have yet to repay thee for stealing my precious _toys_."

Michael glances at Agares, then at Belial. Several seconds pass as he debates whether to finish with the former, or move onto the latter.

"Bah. This one has no more fight left in him. Thou shalt be my new opponent."

Michael raises his blade, but as he does, a cold light appears in Belial's eyes.

"Agares is one of my best friends. Since you left him in this state, I'll make sure to repay you in kind."

Belial's arms transform into two razor-sharp blades. She drops into a defensive posture, mirroring Michael.

The Archangel of Courage smirks. "It would be unbecoming of me not to allow a wench the first blow. Come, then. Do thy best."

"Certainly!"

Belial flashes a cheerful smile.

"I just hope you can endure it, little birdy!"

...

Raphael and Satan clash for the fiftieth time. Once again, the Devil attacks the eldest Archangel furiously, only for Raphael's illusion to evaporate into the air. Satan jerks his head around and spots a new Raphael standing twenty feet away. "Stop with the tricks, grandpa! Lemme stick you in a coffin already; you dried up husk!"

Raphael doesn't smile. He appears winded, and the beads of sweat on his face betray his exhaustion. "Tell me, Satan... what technique allowed thee to escape the Cosmic Realm?"

"Are you still on about that?! You're a real hoot!"

Satan lashes his vectors at Raphael, but the old man merely takes a step backward, escaping the invisible limbs' maximum attack range. Because of his status and age, he already knows many things about the Vectors, including their strengths and weaknesses.

_Satan,_ Samael says, appearing in Satan's mind. _Do not allow my brother to trick thee. He hides his real body elsewhere, somewhere nearby. His astral projections and substitutions consume a significant amount of mana. Thou may attack them all day to wear him down, but the time cost will be enormous. Thy troops require assistance._

"Hmph," Satan mutters under his breath. "You think I don't know that? If the old man's hiding, where will I find him? It's an open plain, for devil's sake!"

_There are many cherubs in the skies. Raphael might choose to blend in with them._

"Not a chance. Your Vectors already scanned the chickens above us. He ain't up there."

_Thou art likely correct. The second possibility is that he may have buried himself underground._

"Oh?"

Satan glances at the soft, torn-up soil surrounding him. Despite the millions of demons and angels battling, all the combatants intentionally gave the two faction leaders a wide berth, leaving a vast, arena-like circle around Satan and Raphael.

"Tch. There's an awful lot of underground here, though. What's the range on the old man's astral projection?"

Samael's expression darkens. _Several miles._

"What?! Several miles- you stupid shit!"

Satan hisses angrily at the Archangel inside him, causing Raphael to raise an eyebrow.

_Hm? Why does the Devil argue with himself? Especially in the middle of battle, 'tis quite the bizarre sight._

Enraged, Satan leaps at Raphael's projection again. This time, when he strikes the old man, clear frustration erupts on Satan's face. "You're starting to piss me off, old man! Where the fuck are you?!"

As Satan's Vectors connect with Raphael, something shocking happens. Satan strikes solid matter. His Vector rips through Raphael's body, spraying blood out of the old man's back.

Satan jerks back, and his eyes widen in disbelief. Raphael's pupils shrink as he gazes in horror at the invisible arm protruding through his stomach.

"A... ah... how...?"

It takes Satan three whole seconds before his mind starts thinking thoughts again. "Huh? Did I get him? Ha... haha! Hahahaha!! What a shocker! I can't believe I did it! Your time's up, grandpa!"

Cackling with glee, the Devil pounces upon Raphael. In the blink of an eye, Satan crushes Raphael's head with his hands, spraying the Archangel's brains in every direction. Satan laughs maniacally as he waits for the power of the Archangel to surge inside of him.

"Hahahaha!! I killed the leader of the angels! I finally did it!!"

From within Satan's mind, Samael speaks. Concern laces his voice. _Nay. Something isn't right. That attack should not have- ah! By the Creator! Thou hath fallen into my brother's trap!_

Samael's voice trembles as the Archangel of Change rapidly pieces together what happened. A moment later, Raphael materializes beside Satan, a huge grin on his face.

"Ohoho! How unfortunate, young devil! By lowering thy mental defenses, thou hath allowed me to yank thy mind into the Illusory Realm! Ah, such is the folly of youth!"

Satan's mind blanks out again. "The Illusory Realm?! What are you up to now, old bat?! I ain't falling for any of your tricks! Not this time!"

Raphael's grin deepens. A moment later, his face shifts into Michael's. Raphael's disgusting grin appears even more horrific on the face of the Archangel of Courage. "Illusions are a fickle thing, my boy. Once thy frustrations boiled over, I took control of thy sensory organs. Now, thou art dancing in my grasp! Beware, lest ye enter the second Illusory Realm! I assure thee, escape becomes quite impossible once one reaches the third."

Revulsion fills Samael's voice. _No... no... no... my brother's ultimate technique! Satan, we must break free of Raphael's spell. Thou art only trapped within the first Realm. The second will cause thee to doubt thy senses, but the third... the third will shatter thy mind! Nobody can survive it!_

Satan punches Raphael, but the old man turns into mist again. "I can survive anything! I'm immortal!"

Raphael speaks softly, his voice surrounding Satan from all sides. "Self-regenerating, yes. Immortal, nay. None are truly immortal. All beings can, and likely will, die. Where there is a beginning, there is an end."

Suddenly, ten copies of Raphael materialize around Satan. Each of them charges the Devil, and when Satan smirks and starts to scatter them into the wind, his heart gets a jolt as several of the Archangel's clones explode into blood and gore. Two of them skip past Satan's defenses and land their blows, knocking Satan for a loop and tossing him into the dirt.

"What?! These guys ain't illusions, but flesh and blood bodies?!"

Satan plants his Vectors in the dirt and launches himself in the sky. However, as he soars through the air, Raphael materializes in front of him with a fist held at the ready.

_CRACK!_

Raphael catches the Devil by surprise and lands a decisive punch, knocking Satan out of the air and punting him back to the ruddied soil below. Satan collides with the dirt and grinds to a stop, bewilderment on his face.

_The First Illusory Realm allows Raphael's illusions to manifest into reality,_ Samael explains. _My brother's soul is far stronger than any other being. His illusions work by infecting the soul of his opponent and gradually wearing them down. Each illusory strike attacks thy soul, not thy body. Thy wounds are nonexistent, but over time, thy mind shall surely shatter._

Satan gnashes his teeth. He mutters under his breath, "Why didn't you bring this up sooner? I should kill myself to regenerate from scratch."

Samael sighs. _That will not allow thee to escape. Thy own soul is different from those consumed by thy power. My brother's ultimate technique has only one weakness, in that it will take some time to cripple thy soul. However, once it does, thy death will become assured._

"Tch. So you're saying I... I could actually die? Permanently?"

Samael's voice lowers and becomes almost a whisper.

_Aye._

Satan stares at Raphael for a moment, then wipes blood off his lip.

"Heh. So be it. Always did love a good challenge."

Satan switches to defense. Raphael's clones appear much more frequently, sometimes with slightly altered versions of his face, but other times they change to entirely different angels and demons.

"Thou received quite the mental shock a few years ago!" One of Raphael's clones yells as he fires a weak bolt of holy energy. Satan easily dodges it, but in doing so, he jumps right into the arms of a clone of Uzziel. The Uzziel clone aims several vines at Satan and binds his legs, causing him to trip and fall. She continues speaking, instead of the Raphael clone. "Hercules spoke of thy mate perishing at the hands of Valac! I can only imagine how devastated thou must have felt!"

Satan snarls. "Don't you dare talk about Nerissa in front of me, you wrinkled prune!" He rips the Uzziel clone to shreds with his Vectors, but immediately, another one reforms several feet away, laughing into her palm.

_Do not react to Raphael's provocations,_ Samael warns Satan. _My brother is many things, but a mind-reader is not among them. He can only piece together information given to him from various sources, including thy replies to his illusions. The more Raphael learns about thee, the more holes he can poke in thy soul._

Satan reaches down and tries to pull apart the weeds wrapping around his legs, but their iron-like grip stumps him. "Gahh!! If this Uzziel isn't the real one, how are her powers working on me?! These vines are even tougher than the real deal!"

_Raphael's illusions grow in power once thou entereth the first Illusory Realm. Before, he could only make faint apparitions in the air to provoke thee. Now, their power comes from thy own imagination._

Satan pauses to stare at the vines coiled around his leg. "What... what do you mean? These vines ain't real?"

_Nay. They are merely an illusion. In reality, my brother seized up thy legs by infiltrating the pathways of thy mind. The vines are his way of deceiving thee. Thou shalt tear at them endlessly, but only by removing the source of his illusions can thou escapeth their restraints._

"Spawn of a broodmother..."

Satan trails off. He raises his head and stares at the giggling Uzziel clone, while several emotions pass over his face. "How do I break Raphael's control?"

_There are three main methods. First, thou coulds't attempt to cleanse thy soul of his corruption. I could perform such a feat by using my magic, but t'would take too long, and it would require thee to stand perfectly still. Second, if thou could locate his main body and kill it, the illusions would stop. Over time, the damage to thy soul would heal. Such is the most optimal path. Third, thou could attempt to combat my brother's soul directly, destroying it before he destroys thine. The only problem is..._

Samael trails off for a moment.

_...My brother's soul is the mightiest in the universe. Such a tactic would prove impossible. Engaging in direct combat with his soul would result in a swift death for thee. However, there is a fourth possibility._

"Yeah? What's that?"

_Flee. If thou escapeth the range of my brother's illusions, they will cease to affect thee. This method will only succeed during the first illusory realms, but not the second and third, since thy body will become immobile and helpless._

Satan snorts. "Oh, _sure_. Run away with my tail tucked between my legs. How about _no_? I'll find Raphael's main body and rip his head off. That sounds much more fun!"

A few moments pass. The Devil closes his eyes and focuses on the stirrings within his mind. Soon, the vines wrapping around his legs collapse into dust. He jumps to his feet and sways around for a moment before regaining his balance.

"Yo! Raphael! Where are you hiding, grandpa? I'm comin' for ya!"

"We're right here," Three of Raphael's clones say in unison. Each of them sports a different expression. The one on the left smiles creepily, while the middle one stares blankly, and the rightmost one frowns. "It seems thou have uncovered a method for breaking my illusions. Unfortunately, once inside the first Realm, the chances of breaking free are null. Many have tried and failed, and thou are not special in the slightest."

The Raphael on the right narrows his eyes and glares at Satan suspiciously. "One thing is bothering me, Satan. Breaking free of those vines wasn't something just anyone could do. Luck? A stroke of brilliance? Perhaps... something else? Thou hath been speaking to someone for a while now. Who is it?"

Satan growls in his throat. "Wouldn't you like to know!"

He pounces at Raphael and tears apart the three clones, but the moment he finishes, his head starts to swim. The bloodied corpses of Raphael's illusions linger, giving the impression that they were real flesh and blood bodies.

_I warned thee already!_ Samael growls. _Do not allow my brother to antagonize thy mind! His soul is far mightier than thine. If thou shoulds't enter the Second Realm..._

"I know, I know!"

Veins bulge on Satan's forehead. He curls up his lips and releases a fraction of his rage, but directs most of it at himself instead of Samael. Satan's punches the ground in frustration before raising his head to look for the next set of apparitions. 

"If killing one of these phantoms will only hurt me, then maybe you were right after all. Maybe fleeing is my best option."

Samael's voice tightens. _During the Primordial Era, my brother's mana reserves were a million times greater than now. His range was too vast for any to escape his clutches. For now, I highly recommend it._

"Fine. I'll escape, and then-"

Satan starts to run away, but as he speaks, his right leg plunges over the edge of an embankment, into a deep lake, startling him. The Devil trips and falls forward, splashing into the body of water without being able to stop himself.

"Bloody hell! Where the fuck did this come from?!"

He quickly turns and swims toward the embankment to pull himself up, but as he does, his strength diminishes rapidly.

_By the Creator... Satan. Thou hath entered the second Illusory Realm! This lake is false, borne from thy memories and experiences._

Satan grabs the grass at the edge of the water and gasps as he struggles to pull himself up. "Rrrrgh! False?! You've gotta be shitting me..."

The Devil arrives on solid land, but his entire body increases in weight, as if several millstones were yanking him to the ground. With great effort, he manages to lift himself to a standing position.

"Gotta... gotta get away..." Satan mumbles. He blinks his eyes, and they begin to droop as a strange sense of exhaustion overtakes him. "Fuck. I could go for a nap right about now..."

_Watch out! Behind-_

Samael cries out in alarm, but Satan's mind moves too sluggishly to react. Several watery limbs burst out of the lake and grab hold of Satan. A second later, they yank him backward, plunging him into the frigid depths. With icy liquid slapping his face, Satan gurgles incomprehensibly and begins to struggle. He turns his head around and belches air bubbles as he spots Poseidon, the Sea-King. The massive demigod cackles and grabs Satan, crushing the demon with unrelenting strength.

"You thought you could escape me, little bloodskin?! Impossible! The sea is my home! Wherever there is water, I will arise! Now, beg for mercy as I overwhelm thee with the might of Atlantis!"

Satan wriggles and writhes. His Vectors barely manage to annoy the Titan, while his mind turns to mush as the water threatens to drown him.

_Satan! Thou must remain alert! This Titan is merely an illusion! Even if 'tis born of the Second Realm, thou can escape its grasp! After the Second Realm, my brother need not waste his mana, for thy mind will supply thy greatest fears of its own volition! Do not feel fear, and this phantom will dissipate!_

Despite Samael's warning, Satan continues to stare at the Titan squeezing him like a vice. He struggles with all his strength, but the more he does, the mightier the Titan's grip becomes.

Suddenly, the water darkens noticeably. A pitch-black haze spreads throughout the bottomless abyss, shrouding the Titan's face into obscurity. Poseidon squeezes even harder, forcing Satan to vomit blood into the water around him.

_I... I can't believe it,_ Samael mutters. _Satan has already arrived within The Third Realm! How... how could Satan possess such a weak soul?! Even the frailest angel and Titan fought for several days against Raphael's ultimate technique! Are Satan's insecurities so great that he cannot overcome them? Was he doomed before he began?_

Satan's thoughts vanish into the ether. He loses his ability to form coherent, rational decisions, and instead struggles like a bear caught in a trap. Mindlessly, robotically, he wastes all of his strength on trying to escape via brute force. However, his efforts only strengthen Raphael's power.

Soon, even the sensation of squeezing disappears. Poseidon vanishes, and the blackness engulfs Satan as he continues to writhe and squirm.

_Tsk. 'Tis too late, now. His soul is nearing its breaking point,_ Samael says to himself bitterly. _Bah. I've lost contact with all of the souls in Satan's body. I doubt he could self-detonate even if he wanted. To think, the mighty Devil would reach his end in such a pitiful state._

From the depths of blackness, a single piercing ray of light appears. It illuminates a spot of the floor, and Raphael walks into it, like a performer onto a stage. He claps his hands slowly and grins, though pangs of agony also tear across his face. 

"Haha... oh, Satan. To think I could have saved many of my brethren's lives had I merely used my ultimate technique on thee from the start. Never did I imagine thy people would prove so troublesome. After I eradicate thy kin from Earth, I will enter exile for ten generations to atone for my failures. Even that isn't enough, but I must return to safeguard those who will survive this war."

Satan says nothing. He lies on the ground, twitching uncontrollably.

Raphael's expression turns sorrowful. "Bah. Naturally, thou hath nothing to say. Well, I shall finish thee off, just as I did a million other soul manipulators before thee. In the end, thou were little more than a speck in my eye."

Raphael walks over to Satan, grabs the lifeless demon by his collar, and hoists him into the air.

Samael watches in horror as the old man raises his other palm and prepares to lunge it toward Satan's chest.

_No... no!! What can I do?! Must I stand here and watch in silence as Satan dies?! Is this the where my revenge ends; watching the one who slew my kin get off scot-free?!_

Raphael's palm flies toward Satan's chest.

_WHUMP._

With a mighty palm-strike, Raphael strikes the core of Satan's soul, sending it rocketing out of his body.

"...What?!"

Raphael gasps.

He drops Satan's body and staggers backward in horror.

Instead of Satan's blood-red soul, a brilliant white entity floats in the air. Within seconds, the formless being, one born of light, coalesces into a vaguely angel-shaped figure. Wings sprout from its back, along with a masculine body structure and appearance.

"I missed?" Raphael asks nobody in particular. "I struck true, but t'wasn't Satan's soul that flew out! Nay, this appears to be one of my kin! He must be one of the thousands trapped within the Devil!"

The Archangel of Wisdom stares at the being floating in the air, but no defined facial or body features appear on it, stupefying him as to its identity.

Samael blinks. He stares, confused, at Raphael's astonished face, as well as Satan's limp body laying on the ground. The Archangel of Change hovers freely in the air, unencumbered by the sensation of gravity or other physical forces.

_I... I am... free...?_

Immediately, the wall of darkness shrouding Satan vanishes. Raphael jerks his head around in every direction, gawking as the third illusory Realm dissolves into the ether.

"What? What?! B-but... I destroyed the Devil's soul! Never, in all my life...!!"

Satan's eyes bolt open. He jerks his face off the ground and gasps for air as life surges into his body. He scrambles backward, putting distance between himself and Raphael.

"I'm alive?!"

"Thou art alive?!" Raphael echoes. "What madness is this?"

Satan, Raphael, and Samael all reappear in Heaven once again. All traces of the illusory Realm vanish, leaving the three of them bewildered as to what's happened.

Samael hovers in midair. A strange tingling pain assaults his body, while eons of memories flip through his brain as he tries to comprehend the events of the last several minutes.

_Raphael struck Satan. As I recall, that was the final blow, the one that, without fail, always slew a soul manipulator. Raphael was the mightiest Archangel when it came to dealing with stray soul manipulators. But... what changed? What caused him to slip up, today?_

The tingling pain intensifies, allowing waves of agony to spread throughout Samael's chest. He glances at his hands and gasps. _By the Creator! I can see through my flesh and bone! Am I a ghost? A spirit? No! I must be... an errant soul!_

This realization instantly lights a fire in Samael's heart.

_One's soul cannot survive outside of a physical body. Since Raphael knocked me out of Satan, that means I have only seconds to live before the Creator elevates me to the Great Beyond! I must find a new host. A body, right! That's it!_

Immediately, Samael's eyes dart around the battlefield. Millions of angels, demons, Titans, and monsters fight one another. Dead bodies lay scattered across the ground as far as the eye can see.

_A corpse will be of little use to me. I must possess a living being — the closer to my original biology, the better. Therefore... an Ophanim would be for the best. Alas, for Raphael slew all of my fellow Ophanim! A Cherub or Seraph will have to suffice._

Several demons and Cherubs battle nearby, but one female angel gasps for breath and pulls away from the fight. Deep wounds stretch across her chest and back. Her armor lies in shreds.

Samael evaluates her for a moment. _Sister Julias. She's too injured for my liking._

A different Cherub, a male this time, stands outside of a small encirclement. He barks orders at several angels, guiding them as they surround a ground of scythers and fire-type demons. Unlike the woman, he appears to be in peak form.

_Ah, brother Hiraldo. He will do!_

Samael darts toward Hiraldo, covering the distance at the speed of thought. Hiraldo starts to fire off another command to his comrades, only to pause mid-sentence as a strange presence engulfs his body.

_Huhk! What is- who dares attack me from behind?_

_Pardon me, brother Hiraldo. I must borrow thy body._

_What? This voice... I recognize it!_

_Tis I, Samael._

_Samael?! But thou perished millennia ago! We all saw-_

_Sorry, Hiraldo, but thou art my enemy, now. Quietly fade away, if thou please._

Hiraldo's mind converses with Samael, but at the Archangel's words, confusion erupts in the cherub warrior's mind.

_Fade away? Brother? What dost thee- AHHH! My head! It burns!_

The incredible power of the Archangel of Change immediately dominates Hiraldo's soul, taking control of his brother's body in the blink of an eye.

Samael as he takes his first breath in several years. "Ahh! It worked!"

Taking over Hiraldo's body causes Samael no grief. Ever since receiving his old memories, the Archangel of Change gazes upon his formerly beloved brothers and sisters with hatred and disdain. They are not the Ophanim. They were, instead, the ones who slaughtered the Ophanim... as well as his beloved sisters, Muriel and Cassiel.

Samael stares at the cherubs encircling the demons for a moment. Then, he turns around to gaze at Raphael, only a few hundred steps away.

_Brother._

...

Meanwhile, Raphael stares at Satan in shock. A thousand possibilities pass through his mind as he tries to comprehend what's happened. However, the moment the Illusory Realm dissipates, he loses sight of that strange phantom spirit. If he could inspect it, he might understand how his third illusory Realm failed.

"Satan! Thou art truly a servant of the damned...!"

Raphael bristles with anger. 

"What unholy spell dids't thee use to break free of the Third Illusory Realm?! I held thy life in the palm of my hands! No soul manipulator has ever survived my ultimate technique! None of them!!"

Satan keeps his distance and stares at Raphael warily.

"Like I know! Bahaha! Maybe you're just getting old! You don't got the same golden touch anymore, bub!"

Despite his fierce bravado, a hint of cold terror brushes against Satan's mind. The Devil's pupils shrink as he tries to wrap his head around the previous events.

_I died. Definitely. I know what dying feels like, and this time wasn't any different. Poseidon crushed me to death, but then... I revived? Maybe Samael was wrong! Maybe if I self-detonate, I can regenerate my soul after all!_

"Good job, Samael," Satan mutters. "Seems I was right, after all. Whaddya got to say to that, bub?"

Satan grins and waits for Samael's limp-wristed reply, but instead receives silence.

"Hey. You ignorin' me?" Satan asks. He keeps his voice low and both eyes on Raphael, but still, Samael doesn't reply. "I'm talkin' to you!"

Several seconds pass. The cold terror at the back of Satan's mind intensifies.

_Sunnofabitch... don't tell me the soul I used up was Samael's soul! Spawn of a broodmother!! Without him... without ol' Sammy..._

Satan balls his hands into fists. Anger boils in his gut as he glares at the old man.

_I bet Sammy sacrificed himself to save me! Of course, he would! That's the kind of guy he is! FUCK! I can't let him die in vain! Maybe if I attack the old man, this'll be his real body. Yeah! If I can kill Raphael right here and now, it'll all be worth it..._

Satan coils power into his legs, but his expression turns rough as he realizes Samael's Vectors are gone. That realization drives home Satan's anger further, and he quickly chooses a substitute by summoning Poseidon's Octopus Form. Eight watery hands sprout from Satan's back, rippling in the air as they coil around him protectively.

Raphael's pale expression vanishes. He takes a battle stance and sighs in annoyance. _I'll have to force Satan into the Illusory Realm once again. Killing his physical body won't accomplish anything, and I'm not certain I could pull it off with my current strength. If the Illusory Realm fails again, then I'll have to assume the Devil is somehow immune to its effects._

"Satan!"

An unfamiliar voice cries out from behind Raphael and the Devil. Both of them turn to stare at the speaker, a cherub, in confusion.

Hiraldo, a member of Heaven's legions, flies toward Satan with an urgent look on his face. Immediately, Satan raises his guard and groans inwardly. _Oh, great. Reinforcements._

"It's me!" The Cherub yells. He lands a short distance away from Satan and gestures behind himself. Suddenly, eight rocks levitate into the air, hovering as if clutched by invisible forces. "Samael!"

Raphael blinks. "What?"

Satan stares, his mouth agape. "WHAT?!"