Part 228: Casual Domination

Kar, the Monster King, slaps aside a dozen minotaurs and orcs with the ease of a father spanking his children. The morale of the invading monsters plummets as they realize they can't hope to deal with just the one, singular crocodile in their midst.

However, their sentiments reverse as the Duke of Inferno's mana rushes toward them at 200 miles an hour.

"Beelzebub... Beelzebub is coming! We're saved!"

"Traitorous Monster King! Today, your treachery ends!!"

Enemy harpies screech angrily at Kar while pelting him with arrows, all of which bounce off Kar's armored T-REX. Kar doesn't even flinch. The last crocodile stands casually, with his arms crossed, and watches as the fire-flinger who slaughtered his comrades rockets toward the Core's entrance.

"Hurgh. Robot suit. Activate the anti-Hotface measures."

"**COMMAND ACCEPTED, PILOT 'BIG DADDY.' ADVANCED FLAME RETARDANT SUBROUTINES ARE NOW IN EFFECT. HEAT DISSIPATION HAS REACHED THE MAXIMUM. LEVEL 4 WEAPONRY IS AUTHORIZED!**"

Kar chuckles. "White-Hair. You've picked the perfect nickname for my ID. Hurgh. That is why Turtle chose you as his mate."

The Monster King doesn't move as the fireball-wreathed Duke rushes toward him from the distance. Beelzebub screeches to a halt at the Core's double-doors by unleashing a wave of flames from his palms. The sudden reversal causes more than 50 G's to press against his body for a split second, but he doesn't feel the impact at all.

"Hahaha! Perfect! We meet again, you slithering slug!" Beelzebub cackles. "After I flay the skin from your bones, I'll have my tailors turn you into a leather suit!"

Beelzebub's taunts boil the blood of the humans while invigorating the invaders morale. Immediately, the enemy and allied monsters turn to blows, joining the still-rampaging Grez to reinforce their ranks.

Kar, however, merely cocks his head.

"Hurgh. Strange. To flay the skin from my bones, you must first defeat me. Since you cannot accomplish such a feat, I can only assume you have lost your mind. How sad. The Hotface who once defeated me has degenerated into a drooling mess! I do not like to pick on the weak and stupid, but for you, I will make an exception."

Beelzebub's eyes twitch. "Such bravado, coming from the King of Monsters. Run your mouth all you like, little lizard, but today, I will drag you to the afterlife!"

The Duke of Inferno claps his palms together, sending a spherical blast of fire in every direction. Dozens of his allied monsters scream in pain as the 600-degree heat surges across their bodies, searing their exposed skin where it appears. 

"Aargh! Beelzebub, you bastard! We're on your side!"

"What the hell are you doing?! You cooked my brother alive! Heartless Duke!"

Beelzebub ignores the pleas of his lessers. He grins with satisfaction as the wave of fire sweeps across Kar's armor, forcing Blinker to take cover behind her husband's mountain-like form. "Ack! Kar! Don't just let that prick burn us all to bits!"

Kar watches without moving as the wave of fire finishes surging throughout the chamber. However, aside from the cooked skin of Beelzebub's allies, Kar's comrades take negligible damage thanks to their T-REX's.

"Hurgh. Was that your opening move? How sad. Let us see how you deal with mine."

Without any preparation, Kar leaps toward Beelzebub like a jumping spider. The sudden movement surprises the Duke of Inferno, who never expected such agility from his formerly slow and clumsy enemy.

"Don't think I'll let you get close!" Beelzebub roars. He aims both of his palms at the rapidly approaching Monster King, sending a blazing firefall at Kar's chest. "Get back on the ground, you little- augh!"

Kar ignores Beelzebub's magic. He rushes through the Duke's infernal flames without slowing down and crashes into Beelzebub at a hundred miles an hour, making Beelzebub fly backward and slam against the ceiling with Kar's fist rammed through his stomach. The Monster King grins wickedly behind his faceless mask as he twitches his bloody, armored fingers.

"I know this won't hurt you, punk," Kar chuckles. "But damn, does it feel good."

Beelzebub summons two soccer-ball-sized lumps of fire in his palms, each one blazing at over a thousand degrees. "So does this!!"

The Duke swings both of his hands toward the Sphinx's exposed sides.

_Boom!_

A blast of heat erupts from the nanite armor protecting Kar's body. The Monster King goes flying backward, where he crashes into a pair of orcs on the ground, killing both of them instantly. The poor bastards don't get even a second's reprieve before their corpses turn into meat-paste.

"Hurgh."

Kar grunts as his scorching-hot armor cooks and boils the orcs' remains, surrounding him with a dense, bloody mist.

Beelzebub regenerates the hole in his gut instantly. "Haha. Was that all, Monster King?"

Suddenly, Kar appears from out of nowhere and leaps at Beelzebub from behind. "Never underestimate the King, Hotface!"

"What?!" Beelzebub shouts in shock. He whirls to face his opponent and lobs seven fireballs at Kar, only for Kar's body to disappear.

Immediately, Beelzebub realizes what happened. "Stupid, worthless fairy magic! Damn your illusions!"

The Duke of Inferno yanks his gaze to the ground below, where Kar's body no longer sits. The cooked corpses of the two orcs simmer and cool, but no matter where his eyes scan, Beelzebub can't locate the Sphinx.

_I hate that damned fairy,_ Beelzebub thinks to himself. _Even when I expect her illusions, I still have to defend against them._

...

While the Duke of Inferno battles his crocodile opponent, Mephisto keeps to the shadows, where he reaches out and touches the bodies of dead monsters and humans alike, converting them into ghouls, ghosts, and skeletons for his wicked purposes.

"Kekeke... no matter who winsss or losssesss today, it isss I who will reap the rewardsss of thisss battlefield."

Mephisto darts around underground, beneath the feet of the allies and invaders as they fight one another. Each time someone falls, Mephisto tags their body with his magic and cackles cruelly to himself.

"Yesss... yesss... good. Die fassster, ssso that I may increassse my power... kekeke!"

...

Neil watches Kar's battle from afar. He stands directly in front of the warpgate to Tarus II and issues commands to his soldiers, ensuring no gaps appear in their defenses.

"Only seven more of the armored-type monsters remain. Keep on your toes. Unit 7, watch your flank. Three minotaurs with obsidian axes are approaching you from your 3 o'clock. Henry, are you still breathing? Give me a status report."

Henry's voice crackles in Neil's earpiece. "I'm alive, Commander. Tired, but alive. I'm trying to conserve my energy as we fight. At the rate the monsters are funneling in, we'll probably be overwhelmed within the next twenty-four hours."

Neil narrows his eyes. "Leave the strategizing to me, Lieutenant. Just keep hacking our enemies apart. We only need to stall for time until Hope or Jason arrive."

"But, sir? What if neither of them returns?"

Henry stabs his sword down and impales a minotaur, ending the monster's life with a single blow. Neil purses his lips. "We may lose the Core, and we may lose our allied worlds, but we won't lose Tarus II. I'll make sure of that myself."

The young Lieutenant falls silent, allowing Neil to return to directing the other soldiers. "Unit 7! I told you to watch your flank! Two orcs and three goblins are approaching from your 9 o'clock!"

As Neil speaks, doubts surface in his mind.

_The demons won't be able to overwhelm us with such meager forces, not even if they assault the Core for a month straight. However, aside from Beelzebub and Mephisto, they've yet to send in any Lords, Barons, or Dukes. Why are they holding back? They must have a reason._

Neil's eyes flash with insight.

_Could it be? Does their leader, Ose, know where I hid the Trifancium? Beelzebub wouldn't have fired off a wide-range blast of fire otherwise. He must have been confident he wouldn't ignite the Trifrancium. If he had, he might have destroyed the whole Labyrinth._

_Perhaps the demons haven't learned of Trifrancium's existence. However, I can't just pray for their ignorance. The Creator rewards those who glorify His name, not those who sully it with buffoonery._

Neil shakes his head.

_If the Wordsmiths don't return, I'll have to destroy the Core. I won't allow the demons to use it against us._

...

Kar leaps out of the ceiling after using his earth-manipulation to burrow behind Beelzebub. The Monster King pounces at the Duke of Inferno like an angry lion, tackling the demon to the ground. Just before Beelzebub strikes the Labyrinth's floor, he flicks his gaze toward one of the many burning bodies ignited by his first attack.

_Fireportation!_

Instantly, Beelzebub vanishes from Kar's grasp, causing the Monster King to slam into the bodies below him without his captive.

"Hurgh! You are slippery, Hotface."

Kar turns to face Beelzebub, only to frown as the Duke of Inferno conjures a two-thousand-degree orb of fire, one bright enough to blind anyone looking directly at it.

_Fwoosh!_

Beelzebub begins unleashing a steady stream of unbearably hot solar energy at Kar. Its power transcends imagination as it strikes Kar at the speed of light. Instantly, Kar gets knocked backward, yet somehow, he grinds his crocodilian claws into the floor to hold himself in place.

"Huuuurgh!"

Kar grunts angrily as his suit's temperature skyrockets. Beelzebub cackles like a hyena while intensifying the solar energy. It becomes a molten monsoon of fire, one which holds the Monster King in place.

"Hahahahaha! How long can you hold on, little slug?! This is your punishment for trying to deceive Ose and me! Today, you will learn the taste of defeat!"

As Beelzebub concentrates, he wills his solar beam to become fiercer than ever. Its heat skyrockets to three thousand degrees, killing anyone within two hundred feet of its path. Countless invading monsters screech to a halt outside the Core's entry to shield their eyes from its blinding radiance.

However, even as the thick, molten energy crashes into Kar's chest, the lizard king smirks.

"Thank you for the meal, Hotface."

Kar's nanosuit begins to glow with power as Beelzebub's solar beam charges its capacitors to the maximum. Kar's exosuit, a specialized model developed by Phoebe for combatting high-level demons, expels the radiation and heat out its rear ventilators while absorbing the solar beam's latent energy for itself. 

Eventually, Centurion's voice blares in Kar's earpiece.

"**PILOT BIG DADDY, THE DUKE CONTAINMENT MECHANISM IS FULLY CHARGED. YOU MAY RETALIATE WHEN READY.**"

Hardly has Centurion spoken the words before Kar leaps forward, startling Beelzebub. The Duke flinches reflexively as the ten-foot-tall Monster King flies at him like a stinger missile, pushing through Beelzebub's flames without any resistance.

"What?!"

Beelzebub only manages to utter one word of surprise before Kar stretches out his arms in a glorious bear-hug. He wraps them around Beelzebub and yanks the Duke down to the Labyrinth's floor below, while yelling into his suit's audio receptors, "Discharge!"

_Crackle!_

A colossal burst of electrical energy surges from every inch of Kar's T-REX, making Beelzebub scream in pain. "EeeyaaAUGH!!"

The Duke's muscles seize up, while his normally inactive pain receptors ignite with electrical energy, making him faint. Kar slams Beelzebub into the ground, then grabs the Duke's neck with his thick, meaty claws.

"Capture complete."

Kar chuckles as his T-REX disassembles itself and wraps around Beelzebub's body like an angry anaconda. The suit's nanites transform into powerful shackles and mitts, pinning Beelzebub's arms behind him while also morphing into a head covering to wrap around his face and gag him, making it impossible for the Duke to speak.

Moments later, Kar rises to his feet and glances at the shocked invaders surrounding him. They gaze with wide-eyed astonishment at the bound and helpless Duke of Inferno, unable to process the scene that just unfolded. Even as their human enemies continue hacking the stunned invaders to pieces, they can't help but stand, frozen in fear, after witnessing Kar's supreme strength.

"So this is all a Duke is worth," Kar grunts. "Hurgh. Can't believe I left White-Hair's delicious food early for this. Not even a challenge."

With a shrug of his shoulders, Kar grabs Beelzebub's face, lifts the Duke over his head, and hurls him toward the Tarus II warpgate. Beelzebub flies through it and vanishes, landing in the awaiting arms of the soldiers outside.

"One down, lots more to go. Which of you punks is next?"

...

Mephisto freezes in his tracks. He hovers over the battlefield and stares in complete disbelief as the Monster King throws Beelzebub into the Tarus II warpgate like a bag of garbage.

"Im... imposssible! Even for a ssstupid, insssignificant little ssshit like Beelzebub, how could he fall before a mere monssster?! Disssgraceful! When Ossse hearsss of thisss, ssshe'll have no choice but to promote me to the rank of Firssst Duke! Ksss! That isss what you get for underessstimating the almighty necromancer!"

...

Ose's astral form hovers near the Core's entrance. Her gaze hardens as she watches Beelzebub's humiliating defeat.

_It never fails to amaze me how quickly humans can adapt to their enemies. They've fought Beelzebub countless times, but I never imagined they'd develop such an effective counter to his powers. If their development keeps up, it's likely they'll find ways to neutralize Mephisto's mist-body, reveal my astral form, and even bypass Bael's invincibility._

Ose shakes her head.

_No. That last feat is impossible, even for someone possessing Solomon's Crown. Not even humans during the height of the Energy Wars could injure Bael. These humans haven't a chance of beating him. However, now that Beelzebub has failed... I'll have to advance my plans._

Ose's astral form instantly vanishes. She reappears inside her main body, opens her eyes, and speaks to the gathered Barons.

"The humans have captured Beelzebub."

Mara, Laharl, and Orias almost jump out of their skin in surprise. "What? How?"

Ose ignores their question. "Change of plans. I want all of you to rush in, full force. Crush the humans' resistance at once. I'll fetch the others as quickly as I can. Mephisto is still running interference, but if the humans start destroying corpses, all his work will be for naught."

A shared look of surprise and panic passes between the three Barons. Immediately, they nod at Ose. "Alright," Mara says. "Ying-Ying dropped by while you were out, so I told her the plan. She's gone to fetch a few friends. We'll attack in five minutes."

Laharl extends her vicious, steel-rending claws. "Hah! I'll go right now! You guys can catch up with me after you clean the piss from your pants! Come on, Orias! It's our time to shine!"

Orias rolls his eyes. "If I must."

The two Barons leave while calling their underlings for support. Mara travels in the opposite direction, leaving Ose alone.

"Dammit," the Third Emperor whispers. "How could I have overlooked such a development? The hero's wife is a bloody nuisance. Only she could have developed such a sophisticated containment method. Beelzebub was utterly helpless in front of that suit's might. Even after I warned him, he still overestimated himself. Stupid bastard."

With one last furtive glance at the Core, Ose transforms into a bolt of lightning to zip toward Bael, Artorias, and the Battle Brothers.

Once they arrive... humanity will surely fall.