Part 485: Voice of the King

Hope stares in wide-eyed shock at Solomon. The Knowledge-Seeker bows as deeply as his body will allow him, kowtowing like a servant at Hammurabi's feet. As for the man himself, Hammurabi smiles smugly, clearly pleased that even in death he can still demand his student's filial piety.

Solomon gurgles angrily in his throat, desperately trying to rise above this humiliating position with all of his strength. But he cannot!

No matter how he struggles, he has to remain face-down, obediently bowing at his teacher's feet.

Hammurabi directs the smile of a kindly old grandfather Hope's way, as if Solomon's sudden change of heart came naturally and as a consequence of his own actions. In Hope's eyes, Hammurabi detaches himself from the act, seeming to pretend that he had nothing to do with Solomon's 'decision.'

"You're a Wordsmith?!" Hope blurts out as he jumps to his feet.

"Hah. Not quite." Hammurabi says, his voice once again softening. "I possess the Voice of the King. I can compel others to obey me with great ease."

He glances disdainfully at the man bowed at his feet. "Good. You've demonstrated a sufficient level of obedience. You may rise, Solomon-boy."

Hardly has Hammurabi spoken before Solomon releases a gasp and jumps up, staring angrily at his teacher. His face flushes red with a mixture of rage and embarrassment, not least of which is due to being made into a fool in front of Hope, his own protege. Still, Solomon bites his tongue, for fear of pissing Hammurabi off and making his student bow a second time.

The humiliation might actually cause Solomon's proud soul to wilt and die!

Hammurabi continues to smile amiably, as if having had little to do with the rage visible on Solomon's face. He turns his attention back to Hope and paces toward the young man with the authority of a wise sage.

"The Voice of the King is one of my signature abilities. None may disobey it." Hammurabi declares. "It matters not how powerful they are, how strong their soul is, or how elite the person's combat skills might be."

"So it's a power of compulsion..." Hope says slowly. "You can't create objects or defy the laws of physics."

"I cannot." Hammurabi acknowledges. "But the Voice of the King is an ability many have underestimated at their own peril. Even if my opponent were the lauded Second Founder of the Volgrim Empire herself, she would not be able to resist me."

Hope's eyes widen. His heart skips a beat as he realizes the implications.

"Holy-! If that's the case, then aren't you invincible? You could order someone to kill themselves! You could bring enemy states, nations, and empires to ruin!"

Hammurabi gloats quietly, clearly pleased by the shock in Hope's eyes. But before he can continue to praise himself more, Solomon speaks.

"Teacher! Your ego is too overblown! Stop acting as if the Voice of the King has no limit. You and I both know that isn't the case."

Hammurabi's expression slightly deflates. He glances at Solomon in annoyance.

"I was getting to the limitations."

"Not quickly enough." Solomon bites back.

The ancient Babylonian rolls his eyes dramatically, sighing out loud as if deeply aggrieved by Solomon's words.

"Yes, yes. The Voice of the King is not infallible. It acts upon the order of the world, and the order present in one's mind, body, and soul. I cannot compel someone to act against their sense of right and wrong, or to defy their conscience. I was able to make Solomon-boy kowtow because despite his insistence to the contrary, he knows he owes me filial piety for the years I spent carefully instructing him in the ways of seeking wisdom. If Solomon did not truly feel indebted to me in his heart, my Voice would not have affected him."

Hope's expression lightens. "That's a pretty significant limitation."

"Not as much as you might think." Hammurabi retorts. "In my lifetime, and following my death, I have met countless villains, heroes, and people of little importance. Rarely will the Voice of the King fail to compel someone, because all creatures follow some sort of a moral compass, whether they acknowledge this Truth or not."

Hammurabi fans out his fingers and examines his nails, putting on airs before the Wordsmith.

"Even the most callous and cruel murderer knows, deep down, that their actions are evil. Even if they seemingly erase their guilt, they will never truly destroy their conscience. No matter how small the sliver of self-recrimination, my Voice can bring it out and grant me authority over their actions."

"You've used this power to kill demons, I take it?" Hope asks.

"Oh, yes. Many times." Hammurabi says, looking into Hope's eyes. "If I wanted to command you, doing so would present me no difficulties. It is deeply apparent that you are a walking mess of contradictions. The bloody and violent actions you've taken in the past did not come easily to you, and even now you continue to lie to yourself about how easily killing comes to you compared to your other half."

"Telling an enemy to bow to the sunrise for thirty minutes would easily allow my teacher to kill them while they were helpless." Solomon explains. "It is for this reason that I previously stated that even the mighty Arthur might not be able to defeat Hammurabi."

Hammurabi waves his hand. "But worry not. I will never use my power for selfish pursuits or my own gains. My power is one of order, and I loathe greed with all my heart. I strictly follow my Code, which means I would never kill or strip the authority from someone who did not deserve such a punishment. I am as bound to my Code as my enemies are to theirs."

Gears metaphorically turn inside Hope's mind. He feels a little frightened of the idea that Hammurabi could take control of him and force him to Wordsmith without his consent, but the realization that Hammurabi has imposed constraints upon himself lessens that worry somewhat.

"Do you have other powers?" Hope asks.

"Many." Hammurabi says, smiling slightly. "But the most significant one is... _Eye for an Eye._"

"The power of Reflection." Solomon says, much quieter than before.

"Those who would attempt to bring harm upon this King in an unjust manner must instead suffer that harm upon themselves." Hammurabi explains. "This ability granted me a measure of invincibility unparalleled in my era. Even today, were I to walk the mortal coil in my flesh and blood body... I am not certain any living enemy could best me."

"Solomon told me you killed three Demon Emperors." Hope says. "Was that...?"

"A simple matter." Hammurabi says lightly. "My lifelong goal was to put Satan the Devil to death. Unfortunately, the Emperor of Subjugation was too powerful. Satan could not be killed by my hands. I successfully destroyed his body on many occasions, but he always revived and fled, leaving me empty-handed. I ultimately decided to kill his strongest followers, but they grew wise to my strength and hid themselves away in the mountains and beneath the oceans."

He pauses.

"That is why I continue to believe it was a demon who poisoned me to death. Any deliberate attack inflicted on me would instead be returned to the deliverer. But a subtle poisoning? It must have been the event which brought about my eventual ruin."

Hope nods, not particularly caring about the events of ancient history. Whatever led to Hammurabi's death, it no longer has any bearing on the modern galactic situation, so Hope can't be bothered to dwell on it.

Hope walks over to his chair, now destroyed by the thunderous force behind Hammurabi's roar. He utters a Word of Power to restore it, then creates a third chair for Solomon.

"Let's continue where we left off." Hope says.

Hammurabi and Solomon both sit down. By now, Solomon's earlier humiliation has faded somewhat, allowing him to return to a more dignified expression. It's clear he doesn't enjoy being in Hammurabi's presence, but neither does he have a choice.

For three long hours, Hope continues talking to Hammurabi. He learns about other abilities the Babylonian king possesses, as well as the various predictions he made during his life.

"You're telling me you predicted Earth's fall?" Hope asks.

"It was a possibility." Hammurabi acknowledges. "I believed there was a fifteen percent chance of such happening."

"But why would you think that? Weren't you too busy building an empire to worry about things like Earth's ultimate fate?"

"You have erred." Hammurabi responds, lightly waving his hand. "You think I am referring to the time I spent while living. But I am actually referring to the period after my death. I had 5,000 years to contemplate a great many things. I ultimately came to the conclusion that there was other life in our universe."

"And that life," Hammurabi adds after a slight pause, "could potentially be far more advanced than ourselves."

Hope scratches his chin. "Was it because of the angels? Because they existed in the vacuum of space for many eons, so there would plausibly be other forms of life 'out there'?"

"Exactly." Hammurabi nods. "If the angels had evolved or were created by an external force, who is to say other such forces did not exist. Later thinkers, such as Madam Mildred, would come to refer to this phenomenon as the 'Fermi Paradox.' As for myself, I had no deep thinking or systemic imagination of the universe's mechanisms. I merely hypothesized the existence of extraterrestrials to be more likely than not."

"As did I." Solomon mutters. "Though we could not conclusively prove the existence of an alien species until the arrival of the Volgrim during the Energy Wars. They had successfully observed Earth for thousands of years, and we never knew it. In truth, the signs were there all along."

"We lost the war." Hammurabi says quietly. "But we may yet make a comeback. Had a Hero not returned, this would be unlikely. But! Now that the Wordsmiths exist, if humanity can move past its internal divisions, it can unite to battle for a common cause. I predict great things for our species..."

Hope, Hammurabi, and Solomon continue to talk for a while longer.

Eventually, the Wordsmith concludes the discussion and opts to leave. He gives Hammurabi a respectful, if somewhat distant bow of the head.

"I enjoyed our discussion. The Hall of Heroes will be your new home, moving forward. You can exit your artifact at will to converse with the other Heroes as you desire."

Hammurabi waves his hand. "No need for that. I've little interest in speaking to Lowborn Heroes, only Trueborn ones. Solomon-boy and I will stay here a while and catch up. You may run along, young one."

Hope frowns slightly at being dismissed so casually, as if he were a child getting in the way of 'the adults,' but he chalks his feelings up to Hammurabi's distaste of commoners and peons. The old man is clearly way up his own ass when it comes to his ego.

Hope bows his head again, then he strides out of the garden.

He begins wandering the Hall of Heroes, passing by several others he's brought out of their artifacts in the past two months. Some of them he waves at, but the others are still traumatized and wary of speaking to him.

He even passes by Wendy, who gives him a cute little wave of the hand.

When Hope passes by a room Solomon has deemed the Armory, he pauses.

The Wordsmith glances inside, where he sees Amelia talking quietly to two female Heroes, though she does keep her distance. Amelia holds in her hands a notepad and paper. She nods at the two, saying something Hope can't quite make out, while occasionally jotting down notes.

Hope stands in the doorway for a minute until Amelia notices him. She says goodbye to the other two women, then walks over to her fiance.

"Hope. There you are." Amelia says. "I was hoping I'd run into you soon."

"Are you up to no good again?" Hope asks, smiling at her.

Amelia doesn't reciprocate the smile. Her gaze remains focused.

"Hope, did you copy the knowledge of the Volgrim we captured? Specifically, the knowledge about these Heroes?"

Hope's smile fades as he notices the serious look on his fiance's face. "Of course. I downloaded the information into Solomon's Crown, and I absorbed it all myself."

"Have you been looking into the details of these Heroes?" Amelia asks.

"Huh? No. Not really. I mean, I've skimmed their information but... there's literally a thousand names. It's a lot of work. I'll meet them all eventually. Why? Is there a problem?"

Amelia frowns. She purses her lips, hesitating to say something.

"I could be wrong. It's just a hunch. Look, can you Wordsmith a book of information about what we know of these Heroes? All of them. Sort the information in the book by their names."

"Uhh..." Hope grunts, scratching his head. "Yeah, sure. Any time. But is something the matter? You seem spooked."

"It's just a hunch." Amelia repeats. "I'm probably wrong, but it can't hurt to investigate..."

"Investigate what?" Hope asks.

"Can you just make the book already?!" Amelia exclaims, frowning at him. "I'll tell you when I've proven or disproven my suspicions. Until then, there's no point in slinging accusations around."

Hope nods at Amelia slowly, but in his head, invisible question marks pop up.

_Accusations? Amelia sure is acting strange. Has she noticed something I overlooked?_

Hope holds out his palm. "**Book. Write. Etch. Knowledge. Organize. Inspect.**"

A giant, unwieldy, and surprisingly thick tome jam-packed full of information lands atop Hope's upright palm. Weighing in at nearly five pounds, it turns out to be the size of multiple Bibles stuffed together, making him raise an eyebrow.

"I didn't even know I had that much knowledge saved..." Hope murmurs, before Amelia snatches the book out of his grasp. He falls silent and watches as she plops it down on a bench nearby and starts to flip to seemingly random sections.

"Adrian Peters... died at age 43, life accomplishments... metaphysical abilities..."

Amelia flips around the book while glancing at her notes. Hope catches glimpses of her scribbles, but it isn't organized at all and the best he can make out is a series of names, dates, and numerical ratings of various Heroic powers.

"Were you able to-" Hope starts to say, before Amelia interrupts him.

"This will do." She says abruptly, pausing to look up at Hope. "I'm going to be a bit busy for a while, Hope. Keep up your talks with the Heroes."

"I just finished talking to a Hero named Hammurabi." Hope says. "Want to hear about him?"

Amelia doesn't immediately answer. She returns her attention to the giant book, then flips through its ten thousand pages in clumps of one to two hundred at a time until she reaches the 'H' section for names. She points at Hammurabi's name, then shakes her head.

"No need. I'll be referencing this book for now. Hope, can you enhance my reading speed? I really need to focus for a few days."

"I- uh, sure." Hope says, feeling more and more weirded out by Amelia's strange behavior. "You're certain you can't just tell me what this is about?"

"You'll know soon enough!" Amelia snaps, visibly annoyed by Hope's persistence. "Try showing a little patience for once."

"Okay!" Hope exclaims, taking a step back. "Sorry."

Amelia's anger quickly fades. She looks away in contrition.

"No, I'm sorry. That was rude of me. Just be patient, alright? It won't take long."

Hope nods. He steps toward her, and the two of them share a loving hug. As they embrace, Hope catches a look at the other two female Heroes, both of whom whisper to themselves about this apparent lover's spat.

_Damned nosey ghosts,_ Hope thinks.

Hope utters a half-dozen Words of Power to enhance Amelia's reading speed, then he makes his exit.

He travels to the dining hall and plops down, while spirits in the shape of maids and butlers materialize to attend to his needs. They begin setting up the table for him to eat, then leave to cook food.

At the same time, Hope ponders the events of the day.

_I don't know what Amelia has noticed, but it must be something important. I'd better try my own hand at solving the 'mystery.'_

He summons a copy of the same book he made for Amelia, then leans back in his chair to read...