Part 583: All Hell Breaks Loose

In an instant, countless failsafe warnings go off across human space. People jump into action, immediately enacting previously-prepared battle plans. Both of the Wordsmiths act in unison, and Neil Adams, still on Volgarius, receives real-time updates instantly.

Jepthath stands inside the Hall of Heroes, transmitting his thoughts and the vision of multiple Legionnaires onto viewscreens inside a command center built specifically for recon purposes. A live video feed of what Henry is seeing streams to one of the consoles, while similar livestreams play out from the POVs of more than a hundred other high level Legionnaires. Because of his dedicated magical abilities, Jepthath is easily able to synchronize all of their visions into a cohesive narrative, delivering updates to his fellow Heroes.

Solomon strategizes. He examines the data feeds and begins barking orders, allowing Jepthath to lead the Legion around where the need is greatest.

"Five Kolvaxians sighted on Maiura." Solomon says. "Other Kolvaxians assumed to be in the area. Legion Leader Henry is on the scene. I want Legion Generals Lauren and Diego moving people to Region Adams-114 and Adams-117. Additionally, I want scouting intel on Tarus II, Pixiv, and Sharmur. We need to know if there are Kolvaxians attacking other human-heavy worlds."

While Solomon assists Jepthath, Hope meets up with his kids and wife.

"I want to help!" Blake protests. "My powers can make a difference!"

"Absolutely not." Mandy says, shaking her head at her little brother. "You're not ready. You're too young. Dad and Levi will be taking the fight from the front and I'll be assisting from the back. If you go out there, as fresh of a newbie as you are, you'll just become a liability. You need years more training."

"Mandy's right." Levi says, squeezing his little brother's shoulder. "You stay here. I know in time you'll become a powerful weapon for humanity. But that time is not now. Not today."

Hope nods at his kids, his expression grim. "Levi, I need you to be extra careful. Fighting against one Kolvaxian in the training room won't be like fighting tens, hundreds, or even millions of them in Realspace. We do NOT want a repeat of _Artoria_. If they grab you, I fear they might make another evolutionary leap in their physical biology again."

Levi nods. "Don't worry, dad, I'll be careful. I have Aunt Elizabeth's Greathammer. Together, we'll be unstoppable."

"The Kolvaxians are extremely resistant to blunt damage." Amelia warns. "If you find your attacks aren't landing, switch to a blade. I'll have Karla on standby for you."

"Right. Thanks, mom." Levi says, leaning over to kiss her cheek. "Wish us luck."

Not long afterward, Hope, Levi, and Mandy all vanish in a flash of light, teleporting to Realspace and leaving Blake and Amelia behind. The young man scowls bitterly, his lower lip trembling as he wrestles with feelings of dismay.

"It's not fair. I could help out there. I should be out there!"

"Don't be selfish." Amelia says, her expression darkening. "You think I don't want to go out there and help, young man? I assure you, it hurts just as bad that I'm stuck here, like a useless invalid. I used to be powerful in the past. I used to command magic that made Demon Emperors fearful. Now I'm only an ordinary woman."

Amelia's eyes flicker with self-recrimination. "I used to _be_ somebody. Now I'm an ordinary housewife. I could still go out there and be more effective than ordinary human troopers in a lot of ways, but if I did, I know I'd be making Hope worried all the time and forcing him to keep an eye on me. It's like I'd be tying up half of his attention because he'd constantly be afraid of me getting killed. That's why I have to stay here."

Blake lowers his eyes. "But then... what can I do right now?"

"Go and train in the Queen Network." Amelia says. "Don't stop training. Master your abilities. The sooner you become a capable fighter, the sooner you can go against the Kolvaxians and humanity's other enemies."

A moment of silence follows. Blake nods slowly, then he reaches over and hugs his mother.

"Alright. Sorry, mom. I didn't mean to make a scene."

"It's fine, baby." Amelia says softly. "Let's just do what we can to help others in the meantime, okay?"

"Okay, mom."

---

On Volgarius, Neil and Linda receive news of the attack only moments before Unarin. By the time they've turned to inform him of the happenings on Maiura, Unarin has already been fully appraised of the situation.

"I knew it." Unarin says coldly. "This attack has been nearly a human-month in the making. Neil, I will dispatch my strongest Psions and Technopaths to Maiura, post-haste. You should return there in the meantime."

Emperor Crow looks at the two humans for a second, then closes her eyes sagely. "The demons will also-"

"We don't need the help of any demons." Neil interrupts. "My people will be fine with the help of the Volgrim."

"Mister Adams." Unarin says. "Now is not the time for your bigotry. This war is bigger than you. You must set aside past prejudices if you are to crush the Kolvaxians. To date, no worlds have ever survived a Kolvaxian invasion, especially not after their Empowerment."

"I agree with Unarin." Linda quickly adds. "We need all the help we can get. Don't turn the demons down, Neil."

The human military commander hesitates. He looks at Crow, and she crosses her feathered arms.

"Hey, if you don't want our help, you're free to tackle the unkillable death machine on your own." Crow says smugly. "Knock yourself out."

"Fine. We'll take the help of the demons. And if we survive this, we'll help your people if you ever get attacked too." Neil says. "It's only fair."

"Right. It's only fair." Crow replies, echoing Neil. "Such a generous man. Well? You'd better get going."

Neil swallows the words he truly wants to say. He taps a magical pendant on his chest, and a moment later, he and Linda vanish, teleported by Hope's power.

After they disappear, Crow stands up from her seat and cracks her back.

"Thank you for the meal, Unarin. This has been pleasant."

Unarin looks at her coldly. "You should stop antagonizing the humans. I'm loathe to say it, but the Volgrim need their power. And so do you."

"We demons are powerful enough." Crow retorts. "We can handle ourselves. In case you've forgotten, we have more than half a dozen Middle Cosmics. You have _one._"

"You think that's impressive?" Unarin asks derisively. "In case you've forgotten, above a Middle Cosmic is a High Cosmic. And above those are Apex Cosmics. The Milky Way has neither of the latter ranks, but other galaxies have _many_. We are weaklings. Your paltry starbound Cosmics would crumble if but a single High Cosmic entered the Milky Way's Akashic Barrier, let alone an Apex Cosmic. I think the recent appearance of that Archangel should be proof enough."

"We've unlocked the secret to breaking through." Crow says confidently. "We will figure something out in time."

"No. You won't." Unarin growls. "Diablo was your sole path to Ascension. With him gone, the number of Demon Deities can only decrease."

"And just _who_ do you think taught Diablo the way to Elevate our people?" Crow fires back. "The First Emperor. He's still around. He will come up with a new plan, assuming we don't do that ourselves."

"Hah hah hah..." Unarin laughs joylessly, lowering and shaking his head at the same time. "Oh, how little you know. Do you still not understand the truth? That Voidborn is no 'demon' at all. The fact he pretends to be a Demon Emperor while truly being a Cosmic should make you quite worried. Whatever he is, he's playing your species for fools. He's using you like pawns. I fear the day will come when he will plunge a dagger into your back, as well as all the rest of us."

Crow frowns. "If he's not a demon, then what is he? Do you even know?"

"I don't. And that's really the problem. He's an enigma, even to me." Unarin concludes. "I have guesses, of course, but there's simply not enough evidence to substantiate any claims."

The First Founder waves his hand flippantly.

"You should go. Time is of the essence. I need to coordinate my Psions to reach Maiura. You and the Deities should hurry up and reinforce the humans before it's too late."

"Yes. We'll get right on that." Crow says, gurgling sinisterly in her throat.

She steps away from the table, and a few moments later, a portal opens up, created by Demon Deity Yardrat halfway across the galaxy. She passes through it and disappears.

[Dosena.] Unarin thinks. [How long until our forces reach Maiura?]

[Three standard time units.] Dosena replies.

[Too slow. Far too slow.] Unarin says with a scowl. [Use the Warpgates. Speed things up. I don't give a damn about your pride. This is our chance to make inroads with the humans. We need them to feel grateful to us.]

Dosena's voice takes a moment to respond.

[...Very well. We will use the Maiuran Warpgate to accelerate our arrival time.]

[Oh, don't get all pissy with me.] Unarin snaps. [Dammit, Dosena. This is important.]

[I simply think you're taking these mud-dwellers too seriously.] Dosena says blandly. [What can humans do that our greatest Technopath inventors cannot?]

Unarin snorts. [I guess you'll just have to wait until you've reached Maiura, won't you? You'll know then.]

---

On Maiura, three seconds pass from the moment Henry spots the Kolvaxian to the moment he takes action.

Merely three seconds.

And in that time, 300 seconds pass in the Hall of Heroes, while 750 seconds pass in Chrona.

Without delay, a dozen other Legionnaires teleport into the Hall of Heroes, arm themselves with pre-planned loadouts of artifact armors and weapons, then teleport onto Maiura to stand tall beside their Champion.

Simultaneously, Amelia controls the teleportation networks inside the Hall of Heroes to begin rapidly and efficiently teleporting any human and monster civilians out of the line of fire. Those people vanish, moving from the Kolvaxian landing zone up into the heavily reinforced city atop Mount Adams.

Just as the Legionnaires appear, so also do Hope, Levi, and Mandy. The three Heroes of Humanity stand tall, quickly taking in their surroundings while the Legion's reinforcements move to assist their Champion.

Mandy waves her hand, and a piece of magical parchment appears in her grasp as if pulled out of thin air. Her eyes flicker with light, and the paper explodes into flames, causing a magical rune to materialize above her head. That rune pulses with powers, sending something like a sonar ping out in all directions through the air and ground.

"Seventeen more Kolvaxians." Mandy says grimly. "Burrowing away from us at high speeds. They're traveling toward the distant civilians we haven't teleported yet."

"So many already? Damn!" Hope curses. "Mandy, Levi, you two work together to take out any you can find. I'm going to help with these five first!"

"Okay." Levi says, turning to his sister. "Lead the way."

With his sister's massive rune pinpointing the enemies hidden below the soil, Levi and Mandy race off to the west to chase after seven closely grouped-together Kolvaxians, while the other ten creatures disperse and make it too difficult to follow them.

Meanwhile, Henry stands alone for a few moments against those five. His aura explodes with power as he reaches into the pocket dimension of a small pendant hanging around his neck. He pulls out Artoria, his mightiest weapon, and switches it to its heaviest setting while also activating its flame-mode.

Then he attacks!

Wearing no armor or anything to project his seemingly fragile human body, Henry lunges at the Kolvaxians to draw their attention and present himself as an appetizing meal. After many months of occasionally visiting the Hall of Heroes to train against captured Kolvaxians, Henry has long grown accustomed to fighting them. No human, except for possibly Levi, is as adept at combating the faceless monsters in the same brutal manner Henry is.

His sword swings slowly, each heft of the blade a deliberate and ponderous action empowered by the strength of his muscles. In his first swing, he diagonally cleaves one of the Kolvaxians from its neck to its hip, severing it in two while also instantly cauterizing the wounds with magical flames. The monster collapses to its knees, then it falls over and starts writhing around, trying to grab anything nearby purely out of reflex.

Henry easily avoids the fallen creature. Even though cutting it in half won't kill it, the cauterization ensures it won't regenerate quickly. He pivots to the remaining four, all of which rush him and try to rake his skin with their claws. One of them grabs his shirt, but Henry pulls away, tearing the cloth and leaving the Kolvaxian to grasp at the air futilely. He spins the sword around and lops off the Kolvaxian's head, decapitating it in a single move! Even so, its body falls to the ground and spasms, still alive.

While Henry swiftly brings each of the Kolvaxians down one by one, his girlfriend remains in her monsterized form. Ashley wields a massive greathammer made at her request, one which doesn't have the cutting potential of Artoria, but which does have a special function built in.

A magical jet booster on the opposite side of his flattened head ignites as she raises the hammer overhead, allowing her to swing it down with ten times her usual strength. She smashes the head of the Kolvaxian Henry bisected, splattering its brains and killing it on the spot. As for the second Kolvaxian, it takes her a few seconds to extract the hammer from the splattered corpse, raise it overhead, and bring it down once more.

_SPLAT!!_

She and Henry have trained together in a special chamber made by Hope for people like them. They have grown closer over the last several months and learned to refine their teamwork. As such, Henry brings down the Kolvaxians, and Ashley finishes them off, allowing the duo to hunt and kill at maximum efficiency.

Simultaneously, the other nearby members of the Legion attack the remaining Kolvaxians from the sides and from behind, hemming the creatures in and restraining their movements. While these lesser Legionnaires might not be at Henry's level, they can still put up far more of a fight than any other mundane human soldier. Even the humans who have reached the maximum of what their bodies can tolerate from the Body Boosters are no match for ordinary Legionnaires.

Within a single minute, Hope and Ashley work together with the lesser Legion members to kill off those five Kolvaxians. But their expressions don't turn to smiles.

"There's still more Kolvaxians appearing." Henry tells his girlfriend with a grim expression. Since she isn't part of the Legion, he has to keep her verbally informed on the situation. "Kolvaxians are still emerging elsewhere on the planet. They infected multiple monsters and several humans. The seventeen that left before have become forty-nine."

"Forty-nine _known_ Kolvaxians, Lord Henry." Says Lauren, one of the Legion Commanders. "There are likely others we can't sense."

"Every second is precious." Ashley adds. "Let's split up in groups of two and three."

Even in these few seconds of exchange, the Hall of Heroes continues teleporting more Legionnaires from across the galaxy to Maiura, continually reinforcing the soldiers there. But, at the same time, Kolvaxians keep appearing on the planet from a mysterious source. The Legionnaires nod along to Ashley's suggestion in unison, then they all split apart and rush off, leaving Ashley and Henry by themselves.

"Come on!" Henry says, anger growing on his face. "Let's kill these bastards!"

---

Hope gives chase after a pair of Kolvaxians. He wields the full power of Excalibur, his feet blazing with light as he 'skates' just above the ground on a pair of mystical shoes boosted by his daughter's Runes. Thanks to having humanity's first Runecrafter for a child, Hope has gained access to powerful enchanted armor and weapons, a fact that has helped him catch up to Jason's own homegrown artifacts.

The Second Wordsmith moves quickly. His eyes light up as he spins around to build momentum, then violently slashes across one of the Kolvaxian's midsections, cutting it across both of its arms and chest. The monster topples forward and collapses to the dirt, while Hope follows up with an empowered burst of divine magic channeled through Excalibur's blade. He impales the Kolvaxian's head, killing it on the spot. Then he turns to fight the second one.

But at that second, Jason appears!

Jason, now decked out from head to toe in a flashy golden set of armor, does not come alone. Two other copies of himself, his 'Dronesmiths', join the original body, controlled via a combination of his thoughts and artificial intelligence. They attack the Kolvaxian, one of the drones stabbing its thigh and the other one stabbing it throat. Their combination attack pins it in place long enough for Jason to land the killing blow, obliterating its existence with a slash of his Subatomic Atomizer Sword. The SAS instantly disperses a cloud of nanites throughout the Kolvaxian's body, eating it alive and turning it to dust in less than three seconds, causing it to melt into a cloud of ash and blow into the wind.

Hope's face warps in fury. "Hey! What the fuck was that? I've GOT it! I can handle myself, Jason! I didn't ask for your help!"

Jason barely even registers Hope's anger. He's grown all too used to his clone's outbursts over the years.

"Next time, a 'thanks' will suffice." Jason says blandly. "I just came here to tell you I'm going to work on cleaning up the Kolvaxians in the north. Their numbers are rising quickly. If you tackle the south side of Mount Adams, we can sweep around and take them all out."

"No. NO. Absolutely not!" Hope exclaims, this time eliciting a set of raised eyebrows from Jason and both his Dronesmiths. "Maiura is MY world. Stay the fuck out of my business. I don't need your help."

"What? Are you being serious right now??" Jason asks, bewildered. "For god's sake, Hope. This is NOT the time for your petty bullshit. Lives are at stake. People are being infected as we speak!"

"And I'll eliminate anyone who is infected. I WILL." Hope states, snarling at his original body. "I don't WANT, I don't NEED, and I sure as fuck don't DESIRE your help! Stay out of my business! Go play with your baby! My people have prepped for a Kolvaxian attack. We can handle ourselves!"

"You're being completely unreasonable! You're being an idiot!" Jason fires back. "The Volgrim can't stop the Kolvaxians, so what makes you think you're any different?!"

"I AM different!" Hope shouts, causing a blood vessel on the side of his head to pulsate. "I'm not YOU. I'm not a goddamn fuck-up who got his own daughter killed! I sure as hell don't want you ruining things here like you did on Tarus II!"

Jason blinks.

He takes a step back, looking at Hope in disbelief.

"...After all this time. You'd really go that low? Fuck you, Hope. You want to handle this on your own? You want to wear the big boy pants? Show everyone what a badass you are? Fine. I'll stay out of your way. Maiura is yours. But if those Kolvaxians show up anywhere else, I'm not letting this farce proceed any further."

"You don't need to worry about that. We'll be just fine on our own." Hope counters. "Now leave! LEAVE!"

Dismayed, Jason looks at Hope with an expression of disgust. Never did he imagine Hope's hatred had grown to such a level. The fact Hope would put lives at risk disgusts Jason more than anything else Hope has said or done.

"Let's pray your little ego trip doesn't cause any problems." Jason says, before turning away. "**Return.**"

He vanishes. A moment later, so do the Dronesmiths.

Jason appears inside Chrona, his expression downcast. He walks over to the Spynet Sphere, where he sees a bewildered Fiona looking at him strangely.

"What was that about?" She asks.

"Hell if I know." Jason mutters. "I thought Hope moved past his hatred for me. It seems he's gotten worse since last month, even."

Fiona shakes her head. "So we're just going to sit here and do nothing?"

"Of course not." Jason says, standing up straighter. "My other half might choose to be a moron, but I'm not throwing lives away. Let's put all those teleportation matrices to good use. Start moving anyone who isn't in the Legion off Maiura. Make sure to target isolated people so Hope doesn't notice."

"Where should I move them?" Fiona asks.

"We have several options." Jason answers. "Cube spaces. Tarus II. Pixiv. Even Sharmur, I suppose."

"I'd advise against Sharmur." Fiona interjects. "Maiurans are not receptive to the demons. Best to keep them separate."

"Right. Not Sharmur then. Pixiv and the Cube spaces should be fine." Jason says. "Let's get to working. Every second that passes in reality is potentially another casualty. The new Plague infects FAST."

"Yeah. It sure does." Fiona says glumly.

She turns back to the screens monitoring the Milky Way, and Jason falls silent, thinking different thoughts to himself.

_Why the hell is Hope acting so damn irrational when it comes to me? Is he really that willing to throw lives away? Just for his stupid ego? Something doesn't add up..._

_What context am I missing...?_