Part 683: Swim and Smash

_Far-Future Era. Day 20, AJR. Chrona._

Two days passed inside Chrona.

Timothy apologized to his mother. He took a hit from the King Network and lost the skill that boosted him when his mother smiled, but in return, he was able to make progress in his own emotional development.

The young man was badly stunted. He wasn't sheltered, not deliberately, but growing up with almost no humans around him, especially ones his age, had negatively affected his development in a lot of ways.

On the other hand, it _had_ made him a lot more... open minded.

Timothy sat on a bench in Chrona's central park area, beside a yellow-scaled crocodile girl. She gazed at him with eyes filled with awe.

"So it's like one of your vid-eyeo games? You can level up and stuff?"

"Yeah. Pretty cool, right?" Timothy said, leaning sideways against the bench with a smirk. "Check out these Climbing Claws. They let me climb any surface without falling! Unfortunately, I'm kind of... weak. So I get tired when I'm climbing fast."

"That's just because you're a human." The girl teased. "If you were a crocodile, you'd have big muscles. But I bet if you train at the gym, you can get lots and lots stronger!"

The girl's name was Marigold. She was technically born a few hours before Timothy entered Chrona, but by the time he had arrived, she'd already mostly matched his temporal age. They had gone to the same school growing up, along with three dozen other crocodiles from the same litter.

"I'm kinda nervous to go in there." Timothy admitted. "All the crocodiles train there. They'll think I'm weak and make fun of me."

"No way!" Marigold chuffed. "Kyargh! You're a Hero now! That means you're going to become a serious asset to Chrona in the future. Everyone will want to be your friend! I bet we can get Great Grandpa Remus to be your personal trainer. He's a first generation croc, you know. A first generation! If he whips you into shape, you'll become a powerhouse in no time."

Timothy glanced at his Character sheet. He was still Level 0, but he'd made it to 97/100 EXP. He was just a hair's breadth away from achieving his first level up.

Timothy licked his lips. He looked at Marigold, his eyes inadvertently roving up and down her scaled, muscular body. He quickly looked away. She was one of his crushes, but he'd never had the confidence to say anything to her. Even if she didn't look anything like a human girl, Timothy had been raised around crocodiles. He liked them just fine.

"Where are you looking?" Marigold teased.

Timothy coughed. "Uh, nowhere in particular!"

"Ahaha! You're so cute when you blush!" Marigold teased.

Just as Timothy was about to say something else, a notification popped up in front of him.

---

[Story Quest] Timothy, SMASH!

_Marigold is your type. She's totally into you, just look at the way she's batting her eyes! You should quickly seduce her and take her to a private room. Gain additional rewards for each romance stage you progress!_

First Base Rewards: [CHA Improved by 5%], [DEX Improved by 5%]

Second Base Rewards: [CHA Improved 5%], [DEX Improved by 5%]

Third Base Rewards: [Heat Resistance +10%], [Cold Resistance +10%]

Fourth Base Rewards: [STA Improved 10%], [STR Improved 10%]

Obtain Girlfriend: [Respect+] [Currency Gain +10%] [Experience Gain +10% (Permanent)]

Obtain Marriage: [STA Improved +50%], [Skill: Mental Resilience]

_Note: All benefits except Permanent buffs will disappear if the relationship ends under negative terms._

---

Timothy's eyes nearly exploded out of his head. He coughed profusely, then excused himself, saying he'd just remembered he'd promised to do something for his mom. He left Marigold sitting on the bench with question marks metaphorically hovering over her head.

After Timothy hurried out of range, he cursed under his breath. "Umi, _what the shit_?? I told you not to do that anymore! Goddammit, now I'm all in my head! I don't want to get rewarded just for doing the things I like in life!"

Umi blinked to life, materializing in front of Timothy. "**As Player Ferral has hypothesized, the King Network reacts to your desires. Clearly, your disgusting biological urges were deeply inclining you toward copulating with the female crocodile. As for me, I have no ability to create or influence Quests.**"

Timothy massaged his face madly, rubbing his hands up and down as if to scrub the sense of shame away. "God, it's so embarrassing! Is this going to happen with every girl I like? Am I going to turn all my important relationships into commodities? This isn't okay!"

Umi beeped. "**I do not see a problem. You will improve your relationships and obtain additional rewards to strengthen yourself. Isn't obtaining power exactly what you wanted?**"

Timothy paused. He leaned against a tree and stared at the ground. His stomach churned with nausea. He didn't know how to verbalize the feelings in his heart, but gamifying everything in his life was slowly turning from a great gift into a serious emotional burden.

"I... I do want to become stronger." Timothy mumbled. "But not like this. Can't you just give me quests to slay monsters, or to train my body, or to search for treasure? Why do the quests have to keep involving my personal life? It's really messed up."

"**The King Network operates based on your conscious and subconscious desires. There is nothing I can do to influence it. I am only the tutorial companion.**" Umi blandly answered.

Timothy grunted. He dismissed Umi with a wave of his hand, then sat on the ground at the base of the tree. He felt like scum once again, ashamed of who he was, ashamed of his animal instincts fighting against his conscious thoughts.

Was it really okay to do quests if they would commodify his relationships? He was going to do them anyway, right? Surely, there wasn't any harm...

Timothy wanted to cry. Somehow, becoming a Hero had made him feel more isolated and alone than when he lurked in his bedroom all day and wasted his life away. He didn't know what he wanted anymore. Two days of grinding out quests, and he wasn't even sure if he wanted to do this stuff anymore.

"Timothy? Are you okay?"

A girl's voice startled Timothy. He looked up to see Marigold standing there, looking at him with faint worry.

"Did I say something wrong?" Marigold asked quietly. "Kyargh! You ran away so suddenly, I thought maybe I'd offended you..."

Timothy did everything he could to stifle those tears that were threatening to erupt. He shook his head and looked at the ground. "Uh, no, it's not you, Marigold. I... I just. I'm sorry. I wanted- but then my power, and it made me... so then..."

Marigold blinked at him in confusion.

"Timothy, you don't seem okay. Why don't you tell me what's going on?"

She walked over and sat beside him, looking off into the distance.

The two remained quiet for a time. Timothy wrapped his arms around his legs and buried his face in his knees.

"I'm... I feel lost, Marigold. I don't like what this System is doing to me. It doesn't feel right."

"What doesn't feel right about it?" She asked. "It sounded pretty great when you explained it to me earlier."

"Yeah..." Timothy muttered. "It _seems_ great. But it makes me feel like a scumbag. I don't know how to act. It's..."

He paused. He looked up, then turned his head to look at the crocodile girl. She met his gaze.

"Yes?" Marigold prompted.

Timothy licked his lips. He looked away again. "The System... it gives me Quests. These quests are based on what I want out of myself, out of life, and out of other people. My desires, basically. A couple days ago, when I first got the System, it gave me a strange quest to pick some flowers for my mom."

Timothy finally broke down and decided to tell Marigold the truth. Maybe the perspective of an unbiased outsider who wasn't his direct family would help.

After a few minutes, Marigold looked just as sad as Timothy.

"Oh, that's awful. So your mom thought you didn't love her?"

"Yeah. I apologized, but I've felt our relationship change. She doesn't look at me the same anymore. Then, earlier, when I was talking to you, the System..."

Timothy paused. He really didn't want to say this part. It made him feel like absolute shit.

After a moment, his fear of what she would think faded somewhat. He reflexively started to speak, but he wasn't certain why.

"It... it popped up a Quest about... about you."

"About me?" Marigold asked. "What sort of quest?"

Timothy swallowed. The next words were excruciatingly painful for him to say.

"It... it suggested... that if I were to get in a relationship with you, there would be, um... increasing rewards."

Marigold fell silent. She gave Timothy a strange look. Then she looked back off into the distance.

"Mar-Marigold?" Timothy said. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have told you. This was a mistake-"

"It's okay." Marigold said, her voice low. "So your System thingy, it looks at what you want, and then it makes Quests based on those wants, right? Which meaaaans... you _want_ to be in a relationship with me~?"

Marigold batted her eyes playfully. 

Timothy froze. He simply didn't know how to react.

"W-well, I mean... yeah." Timothy said, feeling his body turn slightly numb. "I've always... um... liked you. I have a crush on you."

He nearly died from shame. He couldn't believe he'd just said those embarrassing words out loud!

Marigold chuffed cutely. "Kyargh! Timothy... I like you too! I always have. But I never get to see you. You're always at your house, never coming out to say hi to people. Geez, I'm really glad you like me!"

She smiled in that cute way only crocodile girls could. Timothy felt his ears start to heat up.

"You do?" Timothy asked. "But... but that isn't even the issue. The System-"

"I don't mind." Marigold said, her scales slightly flushing with a reddish color. "It gave you a quest because you like me, right? What's the problem with that? If we get together, I'm also helping humanity's future Hero out! Isn't that great?"

Timothy blinked. He was surprised she was... interested in him. Wasn't he a scrawny loser?

"I didn't know you liked me." Timothy said quietly. "I assumed you'd be interested in..."

"What? Big buff guys? Other crocodiles?" Marigold scoffed. "You know everyone else my age are my _brothers_ right? And my uncles, and my nephews. It's really weird how many crocodiles are pursuing relationships with their close relatives. It feels kinda icky to me!"

Marigold shook her head. "But that's not important anyway. I like you because you've always been so... mysterious! You don't talk much, and you have this cute broody hair style... and you actually have hair! Some girls think human hair looks ugly, but I think it's cute! I really like how fluffy human heads are!"

Marigold started eagerly babbling listing off one reason after another why she liked Timothy. A lot of them were superficial, but he could hardly blame her. The two of them hadn't spoken a lot over the years, and she really only had his appearance to go off.

Still, Timothy felt more than a little flattered she found him so attractive. And she was tolerant of his moral dilemma with the System too.

Then... hadn't all his problems resolved themselves?

Timothy looked at Marigold. "You really like me?"

"Mhm!" Marigold nodded.

"Then... I guess... why don't we go on a date sometime?" Timothy suggested.

"Sure! Let's go swimming!" Marigold replied. "You know how to swim, right?"

"Of course I do. I'm surrounded by crocodiles!" Timothy laughed. "I might not be in good shape, but my swimming form isn't bad."

Marigold looked him up and down. "You know, swimming is one of the best ways to exercise your whole body. It's not as intense on specific muscles, but I bet if you kept swimming every day for half a year, you'd grow way stronger! And the more you swim, the faster you grow!"

Timothy smiled at her. But then, just as he was about to speak, his expression fell. He looked off to the side.

"What? What did I say?" Marigold asked.

"It's... ugh, it's not you. I just got another Quest." Timothy groaned.

"Oh! Is it a quest to go swimming with me?" Marigold asked.

Timothy nodded. "Yeah..."

"Well, that's great! Are you doing anything now? Let's head to the swimming hole!"

Timothy looked at the Quest that had just popped up.

---

[Side Quest] [Repeatable] Swimming with Marigold

_It's a date, but it's also training! Go swimming with Marigold, and try to improve your relationship with her while getting in a good workout. Swim for at least one hour, with rewards doubled if you swim for two hours. Rewards can be earned from this quest once per day. If Marigold's affection for you increases past a certain point, other bonuses can be unlocked. (Note: Informing Marigold of this clause in any way will nullify those bonuses.)_

Rewards: [1 EXP Per 5 Minutes spent Swimming], [Stamina Improved 5%], [1x Aquatic Lootbox (Only obtainable once)]

...

Timothy frowned. What bothered him was the new clause the System had put in that basically forced Timothy to withhold information from Marigold, even outright lying if she asked. Why was it constantly trying to turn him into a deceptive, lying asshole?

Timothy swallowed his grievances. Marigold seemed interested, and she was okay with helping him on his quests. Wasn't it alright to have some fun with her? He didn't have to take things so seriously.

"Alright, sure. Let me grab my swimming trunks and I'll meet you over at the swimming hole." Timothy said, smiling at Marigold again.

Marigold gave him a funny look. "You know crocodiles don't swim with anything on, right? You don't need to wear anything... _special_."

Timothy nearly fell over. Was she inviting him to swim in the nude? Well of course she was. That's how crocodiles swam, after all. And in truth, all crocodiles walked around naked unless they felt like donning ceremonial garb or wearing armor for additional protection.

Marigold was even naked right now, Timothy was just... not used to thinking in that way.

He blushed, then timidly nodded. "Yeah, uh, good point. Alright, we can go now."

He stood up, as did she. The two of them walked side-by-side across the city and out into the 'wilderness', small though it might seem, past several groups of other crocodiles. They easily picked up on Timothy and Marigold walking together, and a few of them even started loudly teasing the pair.

"Hey Timothy! Take her behind the school shed! That's a good place!" One of the teenaged male crocodiles shouted. He gave Timothy a huge thumbs up, then his friend laughed and slapped his back.

Timothy frowned. He wasn't used to being teased, and it made him self conscious.

"Don't worry about them." Marigold snorted in displeasure. "Bunch of muscle-brained idiots. Look! There's the swimming hole. It seems a few of my girlfriends are hanging out, too!"

Marigold waved cheerfully at a trio of other crocodile girls, all of whom sported different colored scales. All of them were her direct litter-mates, and therefore technically her sisters, but due to the incestful way of life the crocodiles had been forced to adopt in order to strengthen their numbers, inbreeding became a major issue.

Luckily, Jason and Fiona had come up with a way to randomize and diversify the genes of even crocodiles born within the same brood. Thus, the downsides of inbreeding were minimized to the point of irrelevance. Still, the social stigmas existed and were offputting to some...

"Oh my gosh! Is that Timothy! Kyargh! Marigold, are you and Timothy _dating_?" One of the crocodile girls growled playfully. She was a blue-scaled croc Timothy knew from school named Genessa.

"Ahaha, maybe!" Timothy said, forcing a grin while scratching the back of his head. "That's a rather personal question to ask though, don't you think?"

"Pffft, you're funny!" Genessa laughed. "So are you coming here to swim? The water's nice and warm!"

Timothy glanced in the swimming hole. There wasn't exactly a lot of real estate in Chrona, and even though the artificial dimension was slowly expanding each year, an entire area dedicated to swimming was a luxury. It was extremely important to the crocodiles though, so a 100 meter in diameter hole had been dug out and filled with water. Its depth was half a kilometer, and thus it contained a large volume of water!

The pool was completely still. There was no moon to provide tidal activity, and the water was so clear that Timothy could see to the bottom. He'd come swimming lots of times when he was a kid, but the way the crocodiles outpaced him had slowly made him feel inferior until he was around ten years old and stopped coming.

Fish swam in the water below. There was a strict rule in Chrona that crocodiles could catch and eat the fish, but they must not puncture their bodies and create a bloody mess inside the swimming hole. It would pollute the water and could cause a serious health crisis. As such, there was always to be one senior crocodile watching the hole from above.

Timothy looked around. He spotted a tall tree where a female crocodile lifeguard of sorts sat on a branch, watching from above. She kept to herself and was only there to prevent any major 'incidents', as well as to keep an eye out for rambunctious youngsters spilling blood in the pool.

"Come on, Timothy!" Marigold chuffed. "Let's go swimming!"

Timothy blushed. Now that he was finally here, going in naked with a bunch of girls watching made him feel... uncomfortable. He didn't know how to act in a situation like this. It was extremely embarrassing.

After a moment though, his mind cleared up. The refreshment was almost a little bizarre. It felt as if a foreign entity had wiped away his fear, even if only for a few moments, and emboldened him. Uncertain why he would feel this way, Timothy decided to go along with the moment of bravery and strip off his shirt, his pants, and... even his underwear. He quickly jumped in the water while Marigold laughed at his boldness.

A timer appeared in Timothy's vision, one that started to count upward, with a listed goal of one hour.

The young man furrowed his brows. He wasn't here to do a Quest, but if it was going to offer him rewards, he wouldn't turn it down!

With that in mind, the buck naked young man started swimming around, moving around the edges of the pool and into the deeper areas. The edge of the swimming hole was somewhat shallow, usually less than 1.5 meters deep, but beyond that was the sheer 'cliff' underwater that led straight to the bottom. Timothy made sure not to stray too far past the edge. Dying a death of drowning would be excruciatingly painful.

Tens of minutes passed. An hour. Two hours.

Timothy started to really have fun. He laughed along with Marigold as they splashed each other. Soon, her friends joined in on the fun and went swimming too! He ended up swimming with four girls, and the experience felt... _good_. Arousing, even. Timothy had to go out of his way not to do anything weird that would scare the girls away.

Eventually, after doing entire laps around the edge of the swimming hole, Timothy crawled up on land and huddled around a fire to dry himself off. He tucked his legs in, feeling embarrassed again, then smiled at Marigold as she came to sit down beside him.

"Kyaaaargh! That was so much fun!" Marigold chirped. "You're a decent swimmer, but you need to improve your form. Did you have fun?"

"I did!" Timothy said. "This was a great idea. Thanks for cheering me up, Marigold. Where's Genessa and the others?"

Marigold batted her eyes. "Well, they um... they left. So we're here, all alone, hee-hee..."

"All alone?" Timothy repeated.

"Yes..."

Marigold folded her claws together and batted her eyes at him.

"Over behind that boulder, there's um, there's this little private spot..."

Timothy stared at her, incredulous.

It was that easy?

He nodded dumbly. "Yeah... why don't we go over there, then?"

_What transpired next will be omitted._