Part 670: Mindcores v2

_January 29th, 2021. Aevum's Containment Area._

Jason summoned a spiritual viewscreen for Heaven's Daughter. He stood beside her and proceeded to show her a series of possible MindCores he had devised; each one far more detailed and advanced than the ones Mildred had merely described for Jason in the past.

"This is the MindCore I'm using. It's a more advanced version than mine, so its performance will be superior. It's called the GenesisFrame v2, and it's based on human design principles. It functions by accelerating your creative capabilities, allowing you to rapidly design and invent things at a vastly higher level than before. If you care a lot about creativity, like writing, painting, music, and other such pursuits, it's also great at those."

The Lazarite's eyes lit up with excitement. "This MindCore is incredible! It explains the speed of how you were able to develop that blueprint for me. And you say this iteration will be even better than yours?"

"Yes. Mine is an amazing creation, but flawed in many ways because Madam Mildred designed and built it with my help over an unfortunately short period of time. This version will be a lot easier and less painful to install in your head, because it will be a little more compact and a lot more energy efficient. If you and I tried to design the same weapon using my v1 and your v2 GenesisFrame- well, we couldn't do that because everyone's creativity is different... but if we _theoretically_ could, you'd probably be ten to fifty percent faster in finishing it up and ironing out lots of small details than me."

Jason paused, then shook his head. "Even though this MindCore seems extremely appealing to you, I actually don't think it's the correct choice."

"And why not?" Heaven's Daughter asked, turning her head to look at his side profile while frowning slightly.

"The reason is simple." Jason answered, meeting her gaze. "I'm an inventor. You're a warrior. This MindCore has nearly zero benefit in a combat situation. Sure, it will improve your general thinking capabilities a bit, but when you end up fighting a Demon Emperor, you'll only benefit based on the blueprints you've made ahead of time. It won't improve your mid-combat skills, your deductive reasoning, your speed of thinking outside of creating new Imaginary Objects, and so on. Unlike me, you also have a hard limit on what you can Manifest. I can create objects which exist permanently. You can only summon temporary objects, _and_ you're limited by your mana. I'm guessing it also costs mana to maintain, which comes from a source outside yourself?"

The white-haired woman nodded slowly. "Yes... all of that is true. Hmm. You were able to make a blueprint for me, then pass it to me. Couldn't you keep doing that?"

"Yes, but I have countless other projects to maintain. Frankly speaking, empowering you is only a small side project. If you refuse, or this fails for some reason, I have many other options to explore. Instead, it would be a better idea if there were a second or third Lazarite at your level who could obtain this MindCore. They could create weapons, vehicles, and machines for you, and you could hone your skill with them."

"Lazarites can pass blueprints to one another?" Cassiel muttered with realization. "Of course. I knew that was possible, but it never was any use to me because we only use the technique to have older Lazarites teach newer ones the basics of summoning weapons and armor. For me, I'm not allowed to pass my knowledge onto others..."

She suddenly paused, and a look of guilt washed over her face. Jason noticed.

"Raphael's orders?" He asked.

She didn't reply. It was confirmation enough, not that he didn't already know the answer.

"Well, anyway, if you decide to go that route, I'm happy to grant a different Lazarite the GenesisFrame." Jason continued smoothly. "They can be your Blueprinter. Let's move on to the other MindCores I think would be more valuable."

Jason changed the image on the screen. Heaven's Daughter was immediately drawn in to the imagery of a Mind Realm populated with angelic architecture, pure white marble buildings towering into the sky, datacores infused with holy light, and other design paradigms that spoke to her on an emotional level.

"I'm not showing you the OmniRecord because I think it's better than the other options. I just wanted you to know of its existence before we move on." Jason said. 

"This OmniRecord is truly beautiful. It feels like I would own a miniaturized Heaven within my Mind Realm if I picked it." Cassiel said quietly.

Jason glanced at her. "Has Camael told you about Solomon's Crown? Do you know how it functions?"

The Lazarite nodded slowly. "Yes. I know of its functionality."

"That's what the OmniRecord is. Nothing less, and nothing more. It has infinite data storage, and it would accelerate your thinking speed in all general tasks. However, Solomon was fearsome not only because of these two abilities, but because of his innate ability to swallow information with merely a touch and then rapidly comb through and assimilate that information rapidly. The OmniRecord would not have those functions, nor would it contain the tiniest fraction of information his Crown does. It would be like walking into an empty library you need to fill yourself, step by step."

Jason paused before adding, "Also, it's basically the MindCore my father has. I didn't make it for him. Mildred did. Please don't tell anyone."

A white lie. Heaven's Daughter wouldn't know the difference, and Jason would casually tip off Mildred not to leak any information on the matter. Trying to explain that his father had a melted down Solomon's Crown inside the center of his head would be hard to explain, and Jason was unwilling to tip anyone off about his father's Rewinding power.

"I see..." Heaven's Daughter said, slightly dejected. "It truly is not very suited to my situation. I would much rather you install the GenesisFrame over the OmniRecord... at least if these were the only two options."

"The best is still yet to come, but don't look down on the OmniRecord. If the only thing it did was accelerate your thinking speed and give you infinite, perfect eidetic memory, it would still improve the basic 'you' on a fundamental level. Faster thinking speeds would mean you could forcibly develop new Blueprints and perceive the movements of high-speed entities like Ose more easily."

"Ose?" Heaven's Daughter asked.

Jason was mildly surprised. It seemed that either Heaven didn't know about the newest Emperor's sudden Ascension, or Raphael hadn't had time to inform Heaven's Daughter.

"A new Demon Emperor. She is a technologist; utterly unique among her kind. She is extremely speed-focused, brilliant beyond compare, and lethal in combat. If you face her without speedy reflexes... you will likely die instantly. Knowing she's been empowered is part of the reason I brought you here. I'm already working on a plan to kill Ose, but if it failed and you ended up assassinated, we'd lose a powerful player in our upcoming war. Best to solve that problem now."

Heaven's Daughter took his warning seriously. "Alright. Show me the other MindCores."

And so he did. Jason first showed her the demon-based HellProphet. "This MindCore would probably work better for Camael, since it's all about prediction. But I know she wouldn't go for it. The fact it's based on demonic biology and architecture makes it a no-go."

The Lazarite looked slightly repulsed, but her reaction was much milder than Jason expected. 

"Archangel Camael would not easily dismiss anything that could empower her." Heaven's Daughter said.

Jason scoffed. "It's demonic in design. I'm not saying it wouldn't be useful, but she's an Archangel. They're all set in their ways."

A moment of silence followed. Jason met the Lazarite's even gaze. He was surprised by the turmoil in her eyes.

"The Archangels are... not a monolith." She said quietly, lowering her eyes to the floor. She shuffled her feet. "Camael, especially, has seen many things. Many horrifying things. She does not tell others directly, especially Raphael, but I have gleaned bits and pieces during our private discussions. I think if you were to mention this 'HellProphet' MindCore to her, she would not reject you outright."

It took ten seconds before Jason recovered. He was truly surprised by Cassiel's words. As far as he knew, all the Archangels, barring Samael, were holier-than-thou righteous fiends with sticks up their bums. But based on the words of Heaven's Daughter, such an assumption might not necessarily be true...

"If I get to talk to her, I'll bring it up." Jason said, before moving on. "This next one is based on monster biology. If you want to become the most powerful warrior with the keenest instincts, you can't go wrong with choosing the QuantumReflex. It's even better than the one Mildred originally described to me. You'll gain the ability to sense auras much more keenly, track enemies, react to things before they happen, and all sorts of other stuff. Your reaction speeds will be even greater than with the OmniRecord. Even your senses of smell and hearing will improve!"

"It won't improve my creation powers though?" Heaven's Daughter asked.

"No." Jason said. "This is the rawest, purest combat-core. Your control over your muscles will improve. If you exercise your body, you'll gain strength faster than ever by enhancing the muscles specific to your needs. When fighting enemies, you'll be able to deduce how they fight nearly instantly. You won't be distracted by tricks. You won't falter in the face of deceit. If you choose this one, we'll definitely need a second Lazarite to assimilate the GenesisFrame so they can pass blueprints on to you."

The Lazarite's posture remained unmoved, but a hint of excitement boiled under her surface.

Over the years, she had become a little... bored. Raphael rarely deployed Heaven's Daughter to the frontlines. He always had her training in Heaven, polishing her skills, maintaining morale among her comrades...

But she was, in truth, a goddamned battle-maniac. She loved to fight. The Mightiest Lazarite ached to draw blood. She hungered for battle, and most importantly, for validation. She wanted to become famous, feared, and a fighter beyond compare. All to live up to the ideal of that precious memory in her heart...

"You really seem moved by this one." Jason observed.

"I... cannot lie. It is extremely appealing. But I will withhold judgment."

"Alright. Here's the last one, for now anyway." Jason said. "This is RealitySim; the MindCore I think will be most suitable for you."

He proceeded to explain how it worked.

"This core is focused on granting you the power of Simulation. I've specially designed it so that it can function based on your Lazarite powers. You will be able to collect data on entities, items, tangible and intangible concepts, and other such things. Then you will be able to model their behavior and create simulations which operate at extreme speeds inside your Mind Realm. For example, you lost against Lucifer, but with the RealitySim, you could simulate the battle in preparation of a future fight. Next time, you will be much more likely to win."

Heaven's Daughter appeared unconvinced. "This... seems fine, but I feel that the GenesisFrame is better for my creation abilities, and the QuantumReflex for pure combat."

"The RealitySim is indeed probably not as holistically good for you as the GenesisFrame I use, but I really would prefer if you chose it." Jason said earnestly. "I need data on how the RealitySim functions. You aren't only going to simulate one type of thing, you know? You can simulate multiple different realities at the same time. The most incredible thing about the RealitySim is that it will vastly improve your control over multiple thoughts."

That sparked her interest. "Explain more. I'm not fully understanding."

"Look, just imagine this for a second. You have fought lots of demons, right? So you use that information to create a RealitySim instance in each of them. Then you place a copy of yourself inside those sims. You let your _copy_ fight them for a hundred time-accelerated years. Then you integrate the copy's knowledge back into your brain!"

This finally broke through the mental barrier of Heaven's Daughter. "Wait, so couldn't I use this ability mid-battle, so long as I found a minute or two of breathing room? Couldn't I simulate myself creating artifacts of many different types? Couldn't I simulate entire realities where the laws of physics differ from our own?!"

"Right! Exactly right!" Jason praised. "Don't get me wrong, my GenesisFrame is ideal for me because it improves my actual creativity, but you're already plenty creative. You're probably smarter than I was before I obtained a MindCore, because you're much older than I was and you've learned how to create entire false constructs using only your Imagination. That means your baseline would be higher than mine, and even more importantly, you would need not only a MindCore that is useful before combat, but one that is useful during and after it. You'll make the best use of preparation time, and improve your battle instincts."

At last, Heaven's Daughter felt the full temptation of what Jason was offering.

She was hundreds of years old, yes. But her enemies were thousands of years old. Satan alone had absorbed the souls of so many humans, demons, angels and Titans that he had become qualitatively stronger than she could ever hope to defeat.

But what about Lucifer? She was beatable. If Heaven's Daughter could simulate combat against her a handful of times, let alone a thousand or a million times, she was sure she could come up with a counter for her abilities.

"I won't lie. Of all the MindCores, the most tempting to me on an emotional and personal level is the QuantumReflex." She said, surprising Jason. "I like that I would be able to react and improve myself dynamically on the spot. But I really, _really_ do need improvements to my creation speed, and I'm not sure I should rely on other Lazarites to create the weapons I'll ultimately be using. Ever since you made that omni-ball in less than two minutes, it left a deep impression on me."

She licked her lips and looked at the selection of DataCores with hungry eyes. Each one, including the HellProphet, which she definitely wasn't going to pick, had something to offer. All of them would still improve her beyond her current circumstances. Three of them were especially desirable; she just had to decide which one best suited her needs.

Unbeknownst to the Lazarite, Jason's thoughts momentarily darkened.

_If Gressil regains his power from the future, the QuantumReflex would probably give her the edge she needs to fight him off, maybe even kill him. I'd hate for anything to happen to her... but then again, maybe the RealitySim would suffice if I..._

The last possibility that popped into his head sparked Jason's interest. He carefully looked at her.

"You're a mature woman, perfectly capable of making your own decisions. I want you to pick the RealitySim, but I'll respect any choice you make. If you think one of the others best suits yourself, don't feel obligated. I'm sure I can find someone else it would work for."

In fact, Jason was already thinking of one other such person. Daisy's friend, _Nadia_. She seemed to have the perfect skillset to master the RealitySim's core and tertiary functions. Even if Heaven's Daughter picked it, it wasn't as if he couldn't reuse a particular MindCore on multiple people. He just wanted to be as diverse as possible with which ones he handed out during these early years.

Heaven's Daughter slowly lifted her eyes. She stared at Jason with an inscrutable expression, her face giving no hints as to her thoughts.

"In the future... you said we were friends?" She asked.

"No, not friends. Honestly, we barely spoke." Jason admitted. "I found you in a... terrible situation. I organized a team and we rescued you from a monster most despicable. I can't say I'm doing this because of any particular friendship we shared or anything like that. It's mostly just self-interest on my part."

"You're an honest person." She said quietly. "You remind me a lot of the one I admire most. I always looked up to her, even after she passed. Sometimes, I feel I can never quite achieve what she did, in those few short years. I never feel as if I'm enough. But... I don't feel that way when I'm around you. You make me feel... safe."

She lowered her head and closed her eyes. Heaven's Daughter quietly prayed, a sight Jason might have found amusing, given the seeming pointlessness of it. But she was so earnest, he didn't want to interrupt her.

After a few minutes of silence, she raised her eyes again.

"If you want me to pick the RealitySim, then I will. I'll do so... for her sake. That's what she would have wanted."

"She?" Jason asked.

"The person I admired most in the world." Heaven's Daughter said. "My sister. She was a Hero like you. A Trueborn. She's the reason Raphael picked me to be the so-called Mightiest Lazarite. Her glory was so bright... it left a halo around me."

"But I wasn't as good as her. I've never been as good as her." She said quietly, looking off in the distance. "You probably know her name. She was Jeanne d'Arc. The Maid of Orleans. One of humanity's five mightiest Heroes."

"You're Joan's sister?" Jason asked, shocked beyond his imagination. "What... but how... why didn't you tell me...?"

He wanted to add 'in the future', but obviously she wouldn't know the answer. Instead, the Lazarite took that as a question about the current era.

"It's not that I distrust you. But I just... I'm not good enough. I feel little self-worth. No matter what others say about me, no matter how they praise me, I always doubt myself. I'm afraid that if they knew who I was, they would expect too much of me... only to be disappointed. Raphael tries to be considerate, but I see the truth in his eyes. He wishes he could have resurrected my sister as a Lazarite. Instead, he's had to make do with me."

Tears welled up in the Lazarite's eyes. She squeezed them shut and wiped the few drops away.

"My real name is Catherine. Catherine D'Arc. I died when I was only six years old. I was raised by Raphael in Heaven. He took care of me, taught me to wield my magic, and turned me into the 'Mightiest Lazarite.' But I'm really nothing special. I'm nothing compared to Jeanne. You shouldn't expect much from me."

Jason's lower lip trembled. He hesitantly reached out and touched her shoulder, which caused the woman to heave a soft sob.

"Catherine. That's a beautiful name. You shouldn't judge yourself based on such strict criteria. You're an amazing person. Even without a MindCore, do you have any idea the feats you achieved during the upcoming war? In the era I came from-"

"It doesn't matter!" Catherine shouted, pulling away from Jason's grip. Her grief left him stunned. "You already told me! Humanity fell! The angels perished! Only I was left alive, likely because of my cowardice! Captured by the demons, no doubt tortured and raped for a hundred thousand years! Who cares what accomplishments I made? I let everyone down! I ran away to save my own skin, and I was 'rewarded' with being the sole survivor of the angels. What a great victory I earned! What a _feat_!!"

Catherine practically spit the words out. She clawed at her eyes and turned away, unwilling to let Jason see her tears.

"I don't even know if this MindCore will even do anything for me!" Catherine shouted. "I'm just hoping it'll make me less of a failure! Because that's all I am! _That's all... I am._"

She slumped to the ground and wrapped her arms around her knees. The previously formidable Lazarite... seemed almost like a child who had been violently beaten. She withdrew into herself. She visibly lost all pretenses of being a fine, valiant warrior.

"Nothing you've said is true." Jason said, after a minute of silence. "You're not a coward. You're terrifying. During the Energy Wars, you were such a menace to the demons that they dispatched multiple Emperors to try and kill you. I don't know how everything went down, but you managed to kill Emperor Red Raven all by yourself. It was a feat that Raphael told me about, so I know he wasn't lying. You only ended up captured because the demons used despicable tactics after you had heroically rushed into one of their enclaves to save some captured angels."

Jason mixed in truths and lies. He really didn't know the exact circumstances that had left Catherine in Gressil's claws, but now wasn't the time to stick purely to the facts.

"The truth is, without this MindCore, you're already on the path to becoming an Emperor-slayer, like your sister." Jason said. "I can only imagine how scary you'll become after I install it. I'm really looking forward to seeing you forge an even greater legend than you did in my former timeline."

Jason knelt down beside Catherine. He gently squeezed her shoulder again and smiled. She sniffled, then looked up at him through teary eyes.

"You're... not lying?" She asked quietly. "I killed Red Raven? But... he's one of the strongest Emperors... it doesn't seem possible..."

"I don't know how you did it. I don't know anything about Red Raven." Jason said honestly. "But I do know that if you did it once, you'll do it again. You're way too hard on yourself. Raphael picked you to be the Strongest Lazarite for a reason. He and I may have our differences, but he was right to make that choice. Will you trust both our judgments and let me elevate you to the next level?"

Catherine's eyes met Jason's. They glittered with remnant tears, as well as determination.

"I... alright. Okay. If you really think so... I'll... try to believe in myself."

"Atta girl." Jason said, his smile a little wider than before.

His hand lingered on her shoulder for a moment. Then, he pulled away and stood up.

"I need a few hours to prepare. Stay here and rest. If I sent you back to Realspace, I'd just bring you back to Aevum in less than a minute anyway. I'll give you some materials to read regarding the operation. They'll help ease any worries you might have."

Catherine wiped her eyes. She remained seated, but the depression she felt before had greatly eased up.

"I understand. Thank you... Jason."

"No thanks needed. It's my pleasure." He concluded.

Without another word, Jason turned and walked away. His body vanished as he returned himself to Aevum's Control Matrix, along with his final Dronesmith.

He had work to do.