Part 624: The New LEGION

January 15th, 2021. Noon. New York City.

While Jason and his newly rediscovered family reunited with one another, elsewhere on the complete opposite side of the United States, a man in his 60's climbed out of his car in front of a large skyscraper deep in the Manhattan District. As he exited, a valet walked up to him, the young man's eyes glimmering with excitement as he gazed upon the pristine condition 1970's Corvette, colored deep red with pop-up headlights.

The older man barely gave the valet a second glance. He tossed the keys to the young man, then sighed. He wordlessly walked toward the skyscraper's entrance while glancing up at the massive logo of a dollar sign followed by the corporation's name:

_Legion._

The name had some ominous connotations, but aside from some unproven claims about funding militant coups in South America, it was about as benign as any other corporation. The front of the building was not to the old man's tastes though. He chuckled as he looked at the gaudy gargoyles mounted on the sides of the building, going up fifty floors high. Every five floors, there was another one, and they were all gold-plated too. Clearly, the owner of the building had some... ostentatious tastes.

The old man shuffled inside, leaning heavily on a cane. He groaned as his knee silently popped, reminding him of just how old he was. Unfortunately, his degenerative neurological condition was worsening, and it had started affecting the function of the rest of his body.

He approached the revolving front door. A bulky young doorman stood outside and smiled as he approached.

"Morning, sir. I hope you're having a pleasant day."

The old man grunted. "I wish I was."

No more words were exchanged. He stepped into the revolving door, then stepped out, arriving inside the building's lobby. The warm orange lights overhead gave the entryway a classy feeling. Luxurious seats were lined up to the right, outside the offices for the low-level managers and ordinary plebs. The old man headed left instead, walking over to a counter with a beautiful receptionist. She smiled at him as he approached.

"Good morning, sir. How can I help you today?"

He smiled back, but the expression lacked sincerity. "I'm here to see Mark."

The woman blinked twice. "The CEO? Do you have an appointment?"

"Just tell him it's Seymour." The old man said. "He'll know."

The young woman hesitated, but then she reached for a phone and dialed a number.

"...Hi, Lily. Yes, I have a man here, says his name is 'Seymour'. He wants to meet with- oh? Oh, excellent. I'll have someone escort him up."

She quickly hung up the phone and smiled again. "If you'll wait a moment, we'll have someone guide you up to his office."

"No need." Seymour said. "I know the way."

He shuffled over to the elevator, stepped inside, then fell silent as the door closed. There were already a handful of people inside, all of them staring at their smartphones. Seymour stood in the corner and appraised them, but said nothing. He'd grown used to seeing young folks glued to their phones over the years. He felt the fall of social interaction was unfortunate a decade ago, but these days he liked it more when he wasn't being bothered by unnecessary chatter with random nobodies.

The people on the elevator stepped off and on as the elevator advanced to the topmost floor. Soon, Seymour was the last person riding it. This was the executive floor after all, and few people had a good reason to come here.

When the elevator doors opened, Seymour slowly stepped out and made his way out into the main hall, where he found three different secretaries seated at different desks. However, only one desk was positioned just outside the CEO's main office. He recognized this particular position was always owned by the head secretary.

As he walked over, Seymour sized up the pretty black-haired woman seated in the head secretary's seat. Unfortunately, he didn't recognize her. Mark had a habit of switching out his secretaries every few years. He liked them to be as young and beautiful as possible. Rumors had it he slept with them, but those were of course unproven, and his wife probably wouldn't approve.

"Mister Madrid. Thank you for paying us a visit today." The lead secretary volunteered as he approached. "You can walk right in. Mark is waiting for you."

Seymour nodded at her. She was a real bombshell alright, easily a ten out of ten. Over the course of his life, he'd seen so many ethereal beauties that he'd grown a bit bored by them. They all blended together in a way, especially the ones Mark liked to keep around.

Just as Seymour was drawing closer to the door, it opened up, and a five-foot-tall man stepped out, his figure much shorter than Seymour's. He wore a surprisingly ostentatious suit that was white with black stars embroidered all over it. Many had called Mark an oddball for his taste in clothing, but he always laughed those words off. They didn't affect his self-esteem in the slightest. He had the bearings of a man far above others of his kind, making it so mere words rolled right off his back.

"Seymour!" Mark exclaimed. "Hey hey, buddy! Come on in! I didn't know you were dropping by!"

"Sorry for the surprise visit." Seymour said, as he shuffled over and extended his hand. "I didn't expect I'd be... still out and about."

The two men shook hands, but Mark went a step further and lightly clapped his taller comrade on the back, laughing as he did. "Man, you've got the cane and everything! You're really trying to lean into the Warren Buffet look, huh? Classy!"

He glanced at his secretary. "Thanks for letting him in, Lily."

"No problem, Mister Hercule." Lily replied with a smile.

Mark Hercule closed the door, and he and Seymour wandered over to a pleasant little seating area with couches and a low table.

"Go on, take a seat, take a load off." Mark said, as he touched his well-maintained facial hair. "Something to drink?"

"The doctor says alcohol is bad for me." Seymour said, grunting as he bent at the knees and gently lowered his butt onto the nearest couch. "But if you have anything that can make this arthritis hurt just a little bit less..."

"Sure, sure. I've just the thing." Mark said, nodding.

While Mark pulled out a bottle of some hundred year old wine and a couple of glasses, Seymour glanced around his office. It was just as gaudy as the rest of the building. He had various animal heads mounted on the walls, a golden set of golf clubs haphazardly leaned against his desk, even a golden fiddle mounted on the wall. If there was one thing Mark liked, it was gold. He couldn't help but deck out everything in gold plating and trim.

Seymour's eyes momentarily fell on a wooden cabinet on the other side of the room. Inside it were, of all things, martial arts trophies. Apparently, Mark had been quite a fighter when he was younger.

"So, what's been happening?" Mark asked as he walked over and held out a glass of wine. Seymour accepted it and took a few sips as Mark sat down across from him. "Word on the grapevine has it you were volunteering for some medical procedure. That go well?"

"Not exactly." Seymour grunted. "Damn. It still pisses me off. There I was over at Cryotek labs. Some kid walks in, all dazed and confused, looking like he stumbled out of a fairy tale. He'd actually volunteered to be cryogenically frozen. Can you believe it? Anyway, I felt some pity for him, so I threw him a bone, said I'd pay for him to bail out of the procedure. But then the damnedest thing happened."

Seymour shook his head wryly. "The feds burst in, grabbed the kid, and took him away! Turns out he was a criminal of some sort. Couldn't even find anything about it in the paper. Must have been one of those low-key operations. Anyway, they shut down Cryotek for the next week or so, said it was due to security concerns."

Mark nodded. His forehead creased in concern. "Cryotek, huh? Isn't that the cryogenic lab that popped up a few years? What were you doing there?"

Seymour sipped his wine. He looked away.

"Guess."

A moment of tense silence followed. Mark held his wine glass, but he didn't take a sip. He merely stared at Seymour with a complicated expression.

"Oh. You're getting old, huh? I didn't realize things had become that bad."

"I'm getting old? You are too." Seymour scoffed. "You're just better at hiding it. What's your secret anyway? You don't look a day over thirty."

Mark chuckled. "What can I say? I signed a contract with the Devil. In exchange for eternal youth and all the women I'd ever want, he'd take my soul. That's why I got into corporate merging. There's no soul in this business anyway!"

"Yeah yeah, what a jokester." Seymour grunted.

The two men continued to talk for a while. Eventually, Seymour broached the subject he'd been intending to since he arrived.

"Say, uh, Mark? Can you help an old friend out?"

"Buddy! Buddy, you don't even have to ask, pal. State your request!" Mark exclaimed.

"It's Cryotek." Seymour explained. "I can probably continue on for a couple of weeks, but... I want to enter cryostasis as soon as possible. The sooner I enter, the more time I'll have after exiting stasis in the future to cure my disease. My hope is that I'll be able to regain a few more years, enjoy what little I can of my mortality before..."

He trailed off, leaving the implication hanging in the air.

Mark fell silent. He massaged his hair chin and chewed his lower lip.

"I don't have any pull with Cryotek, unfortunately. I might be able to start some sort of acquisition proceedings, but that'd be expensive, and it'd take time if we went through the proper channels. Even if I sped things up just for you, we're still talking at least a week of waiting..."

Seymour's expression fell. He lowered his eyes. "Yeah. I suppose I was asking too much."

"Whoa, whoa whoa!" Mark said. "Now, come on, buddy. I'm not gonna leave an old friend out in the rain. Look pal, I know this place, alright? Specializes in 'faith healing'. It's real exclusive, top shelf stuff. Maybe I can have one of the girls there take a look, eh? I bet she could at least relieve your pain a bit."

"Faith healing?" Seymour asked, visibly skeptical. "That sounds like..."

"A bunch of hogwash, right?" Mark retorted, before gesturing to himself. "I use it all the time, and look at me!"

Seymour blinked. Mark had a point. He was in his sixties, but he still looked thirty. Whatever Mark was doing, it clearly worked.

"Faith healing, huh?" Seymour grunted, massaging his chin. "It's worth a shot, I suppose."

"Great!" Mark chirped. "I'll draw you up a contract later, get you signed up for the good stuff. You'll have to sign an NDA, but a guy like you knows how to keep his trap shut, right? I only tell my good friends about this place, so I'm stickin' my neck out for ya."

"I understand." Seymour said, feeling a little warmer inside. It was always nice to have friends in high places. "At this point, even a little pain relief would go a long way. I owe you, Mark."

"Hey, you don't owe me jack." Mark laughed. "Remember? You helped push through that merger a few years back. Your word had a lot of pull, and Mark Hercule always remembers his friends."

"It was a small matter, small, no big deal at all." Seymour said politely.

The two men continued to talk for over an hour. Eventually, Seymour shakily stood up to leave.

"Well hey, pal, thanks for dropping by." Mark said, as he embraced Seymour in a hug. "Always great to see an old friend. Just chat with Lily and she'll give you the deets."

"Absolutely. Thank you, Mark. Thank you. I truly appreciate everything." Seymour said, as he pulled away.

A minute later, Seymour strode out the door, leaving Mark alone in his office.

Several minutes passed.

Mark remained standing in place, gazing at the cabinet full of martial arts trophies he'd earned some fifty years earlier. He silently thought to himself about several matters.

Eventually, he walked over and opened his door.

"Lily. My office, please."

His secretary stood up. She adjusted her glasses, and the other two secretaries sneaked jealous peeks at her as Mark led her into his office. After the door closed, the two of them huffed silently. Why was it always Lily who got all the good times? When would it be their turn?

It was a well-known fact that Mark always rotated new women from outside the company to be his Head Secretary, but he had one important rule. He would always address these new girls by the name 'Lily', no matter what their real name was.

As Lily stepped into the office, and closed the door, she faced Mark for a moment.

"Problem?" Lily asked.

"Don't know. Maybe. Smells like something nasty." Mark said, his jovial smile gone. He and Lily faced one another for a few moments.

"Seymour mentioned something interesting." Mark continued. "Said there was a kid who got nabbed over at Cryotek. Said it was the feds. Mind having Ose look into it? She's good with that computer shit, right?"

Lily shrugged. Her appearance abruptly began to change as she morphed her body and clothes, turning her skin red, and her prim and proper secretary outfit into a _much_ tighter, sexier, and more revealing succubus outfit. Her massive breasts were barely even hidden behind the two thin strips of cloth that moved down from her neck to her waist.

Lily was in fact Belial, the Emperor of Lust. As for the man in front of her...

"Is that an _order_, dear?" Belial asked playfully, leaning down to wink at him.

Mark chuckled. He fiddled with a ring on his finger, and after a moment, his skin turned blood-red, horns materialized on his head, and his eyes turned demonic.

He was actually Satan the Devil, hidden in human form.

"Ain't no order, babe." Satan said. "I just wanna know what's going on over in the west. In fact... why don't you take a week or two off. Have Ose look into the computer stuff, but you go there, boots on the ground, see what you can sniff up. This has a secret society's fingerprints all over it."

Belial crinkled her nose. "The Illuminati is based in Oregon. The Templar Knights have a base in California. Could be either one of them."

"Could be pigeons too." Satan muttered. "Always poking around, hiding among the humans better than we do. Doesn't match the MO, though. They wouldn't drive a van."

After a few more minutes of brainstorming, they finished up their business.

"Seymour could use a looking-at." Satan said. "Seems he has some sort of degenerative neurological disorder infecting his brain. Think you can look into it? I'm gonna have him drop by the Institute later tomorrow."

"Do you want me to deal with Seymour or the kid in the west first?" Belial asked.

"Seymour. It'd be a shame to lose a smart guy like him. He's got connections with some of the top bankers." Satan explained. "The kid probably isn't anyone important. I just wanna make sure."

Belial batted her eyes. "Well, alright. It's gonna be lonely, leaving you behind for a week or two..."

"Haha, then why don't you c'mere and gimme some sugar?" Satan grinned, as he reached around and grabbed her ass.

Minutes later, the two of them were on the couch, making loud noises that drew the attention of the two secretaries outside. The two young women blushed as they heard the somewhat obnoxiously loud moans coming from within Mister Hercule's office, but they didn't dare to stand up and take a look. There were cameras in the secretary's area anyway.

An hour later, the door opened up, and Lily exited, looking no different than before.

"Dana, I'll be taking a business trip for the next week or two. You'll be in charge while I'm gone."

Dana's eyes lit up. This was her chance! With Lily gone, she might actually have a shot at getting in Mister Hercule's good graces.

"Of course." Dana said, keeping her excitement muted. "Enjoy your trip, Lily."

Belial narrowed her eyes. She could easily smell the young woman's interest in her husband, but it didn't really matter. Satan was more than enough man to handle dozens of side pieces. None of them would ever stack up to his true love.

Without another word, Belial strode out of the office and took the elevator downstairs.

Soon, she would be investigating the seemingly unimportant happening on the west coast. Whatever it might be, she wasn't entirely certain. But she believed it could be at least a little significant.

After she left, Satan walked around his office and buttoned his pants back up. He grabbed a towel and dabbed the sweat off his face, feeling re-energized after a raucous love-making session with his wife. Even after thousands of years, their flame never went out. She was just as good of a lay as during the Ancient Era. Better, even. She had far more experience than the limpid, dead fish who thought they could compete. Satan sometimes tried tasting human women, but they always bored him beyond belief. They were just too inexperienced to be any fun. The two secretaries outside had no idea he'd judged them long ago and found them lacking.

By comparison, his relationship with Belial was like a fine wine. They always found new ways to surprise one another, no matter how much time passed.

"Seymour..." Satan said, with a long sigh. He motioned with his hands, and a magical contract appeared in the air. He stared at it for a moment before rapidly writing down hundreds of words, the text so small few could properly read it, let alone an old man with bad vision like Seymour.

"Shame." Satan said, shaking his head. "Time really flies, doesn't it? You meet an interesting human, and he dies not long after. Some things just never change."

A male voice inside Satan's head spoke. [Verily, the lives of mortals art fleeting like the wind. Thou mustn't let thyself grow attached.]

"Yeah. You said it, Hades." Satan grunted, as he gazed at the finalized contract in his grasp. "It's too bad. At least I'll get to keep him with me, rather than letting him fall into the hands of those pigeons."

His magical contracts gave Satan one possible way of stealing the souls of other creatures before they could enter the Lazarus Tower, located at the heart of Heaven. The demons knew about it, but attacking a place enveloped by so many angels was suicide.

Still, Satan had a plan. Someday, he would steal the Tower's power for himself. At that time, he'd integrate it into his new Realm and make an unholy land for all of demonkind to flourish!

But that was still some time in the future. Satan wasn't ready to commit too many demons to an assault that would guarantee millions, even billions of their deaths.

There was still so much work he had to do...

Satan meandered over to his giant office window. He stood there, holding a glass of vodka, gazing out at all the busy little humans moving around, living their boring and mundane lives.

"Do you smell that, Hades? Smells like big change. Things have been quiet. Too quiet. It's been decades since the humans lost their Trueborn. This stalemate can't go on forever."

A vicious smile spread across the interior of Satan's Mind Realm. The former archangel known as Samael grinned hideously.

[My brother shalt _pay_ for what he's done. The angels shalt fall. The demons will rise. The beginning of a new era shalt follow, god-willing.]

Satan sipped his vodka.

"Too bad I don't believe in _gods_."