Part 122: Reptilian Ancestry

Diablo and Bael hang out together in a bedroom, different from the healing quarters where I last saw them. Diablo lays in bed, still paralyzed, but Bael does squats while also holding two heavy rocks, one in each hand. The hulking demon looks far more fit than before, indicating quite some time must have passed. His muscles make him look like he could chew solid granite without batting an eye.

Various trinkets sit atop a stone shelf to my right. Each one, carved from bone, is in the shape of a different figure. One resembles a cougar, while a larger bone carving looks like a cave bear. Its open mouth and swinging paws give it a menacing appearance as it towers over the other figurines.

Diablo stares at them absentmindedly.

_Am I going to be stuck in this bed forever? It's already been a year. My body refuses to work, no matter how hard I try to move it. I thought the paralysis would wear off eventually, but I'm just as trapped as when Lucy rescued me._

He closes his eyes and sighs.

_Maybe it would have been better if Michael had killed me._

Bael pipes up. "Geez, boss. What's with the gloomy look?"

The seven-foot-tall demon stands up and flexes his muscles. He drops the rocks in his hands, making them hit the ground with a resounding _thud!_

"Ah... it's nothing, I suppose..." Diablo mutters. "Same old, same old."

Bael grunts. "Ya gotta have faith in Lucy, boss. She'll getcha all fixed up. It'll take some time, that's all."

"Time. Right," Diablo murmurs. "None of the medicians can heal my body, not even Belial. There's too much Holy Energy trapped inside. There's no point in even trying."

"Oh, brother, there ya go with that give-up attitude again," Bael says. "Ya gotta open your eyes. Lucy's doin' her best. I know it ain't easy sittin' in bed and watchin' as I build my muscles up, but if ya hang in there, good stuff will happen."

"That's the problem," Diablo says. "Laying here _is_ easy. It's the easiest thing in the world. The guilt is what makes my day unbearable. Haven't you been listening? The angels have started doing fly-bys. They're hitting us from the air, and we can't retaliate. I'm lying in this damned bed while my friends die out there!"

Bael rests his hands on his hip. "Yeah. I feel ya. It sucks knowing you can't do shit. Don't beat yourself up, boss. Even if a few thousand demons died to rescue you and me only for one of us to lie in bed and not do anything, it doesn't mean your life's worth any less than mine."

Diablo narrows his eyes. "Are you trying to cheer me up, or make my day even worse?"

"Yup."

Bael's shit-eating grin makes me roll my eyes.

"You're an imbecile."

"Yeahhh... I get that a lot."

Bael shrugs. He reaches down, grabs his rocks, and begins powerlifting them again. 

Silence fills the space between us. Diablo watches silently as gloom enters his mind.

Outside, the sounds of hurried footsteps patter toward our room. The leathery curtain at the entrance at the back left corner flips open as Lucifer bursts inside, pulling Agares by his hand.

"Diablo! Bael! I've done it! I figured out the solution!!"

Agares scowls at her. "C'mon, let me go, already. You didn't need to drag me all the way-"

"Quiet, you. You're the key to all of this!" Lucifer releases Agares and pumps her fist in the air. "I can cure you, Diablo! Isn't that great?!"

Diablo smiles, but his expression holds a hint of uncertainty. "I mean, yeah... but you've said that before."

"This time is different."

"You said _that_, too. Still, I'll bite. What changed?"

Lucifer claps her hands together. "Agares is half-lizard, Diablo. Last week, he lost one of his arms during a fight against five cherubs. Look! It's grown back already!"

The triple-eyed demoness gestures with both hands at Agares' left arm. It is, in fact, attached to his body as it should be.

Agares scratches his scalp. "Yes. I can regrow my limbs and heal myself by hibernating. What good does that do for Diablo? He isn't me."

"Correct, he isn't," Lucifer hisses. She turns to Agares, a sparkle in her eyes. "However, I can use the dragon's magic to copy your inner aura. By extracting your essence, I can apply your abilities to Diablo. That will allow him to heal his wounds."

"You can?" Agares asks. His jaw slackens noticeably. "How? That sounds dangerous."

Lucifer waves his concerns away. "Psh. Not at all. I used the dragon's magic to make Broodmothers and Scythers. In contrast, extracting your essence will be trivial. Sit beside Diablo so I can get to work." She motions to a spot on the bed near my feet. 

Agares scratches his head. "I don't know about this..."

Lucifer shoves him onto his ass. "Sit, dammit! Stop worrying so much! Diablo's been laying here trapped in bed while you have all the fun. Don't you care about your friend?"

"Well, yes, but... you seem a little too eager for my liking."

"Psh. Of course, I am. I can't help my curiosity. Your body likely holds _many_ secrets." Lucifer slurps up a spot of drool forming at the edge of her mouth. Her eagerness to experiment worries me, as well.

Diablo coughs. "Ahem. Ah, Lucy, don't hurt Agares, alright? If this has even a chance of going bad, I'd rather you didn't-"

Lucifer scowls at me. "Quiet! I'm doing this for you!"

I fall silent and watch with trepidation as Lucifer places her right palm on Agares' forehead, then uses her left to begin forming magical signs. The demoness closes both of her lower eyes, but the one on her forehead remains open. She murmurs under her breath. Smoke emanates from her hand. Agares closes his eyes and flinches as his breathing slows.

Bael inches closer to watch more closely. Despite continuing to exercise with his rocks, the big guy's movements slow as his eyes flick from Lucifer to Agares and back again.

"Nnn..."

Lucifer grunts painfully. 

"Tch. There's too much information. Reading your blood is like swimming against a freezing current."

Agares doesn't reply. Sweat drips off his chin as minutes pass.

"Damn..." Lucifer mutters. "I can't find what I need. It's just... just beyond my reach. Here? No. There? Grr..."

"Lucy, call it off. You're hurting Agares," Diablo says. "Come on, that's enough."

"Quiet! Don't tell me what to do!" Lucifer snarls at me. Her eyes press shut even harder than before. "This much is nothing. I'll break through if I have to!"

Agares winces. He tries to pull away, but Lucifer forces her palm against his forehead. "L-Lucifer... burns... stop..."

"Quiet! You're disrupting my concentration!"

Agares' breath comes in ragged gasps. His eyes flutter open and shut as delirium takes over. Smoke begins to fizzle from his scalp, his black hair slowly turns grey, and his skin starts to sag.

I flick my eyes to Bael. "Hey! Pull them apart! Stop Lucy before she kills Agares!"

Bael tosses his rocks aside and nods. "I'm on it!"

The giant demon lumbers toward Lucifer. He pauses, uncertain of what to do. 

When Bael reaches toward Lucifer's arm to pull her off Agares, her third eye jerks toward him. 

"Don't touch me, you fat slob!"

Her eye glows. A massive burst of energy erupts from her mind, slams into Bael's chest, and sends the demon flying backward.

_Wham!_

The room shakes from the force of Bael's body impacting the wall. "Gah!"

By now, Agares has begun trying to pull away with all his strength, but Lucifer shoves him back and presses his head into the bed. "Stop moving! I'm nearly there, dammit!"

"Lucy! Let Agares go! You're killing him!" Diablo yells, terror in his voice. The demoness ignores us.

Bael grunts. He jumps out of the wall, unhurt. However, fire burns in his eyes.

"I was gonna take it easy on you cuz you're the boss's girl... but NOBODY lands a free hit on me!!"

Bael charges. Agares whimpers. Lucifer continues pressing the lizard-demon against the bed.

By the time Lucifer's eye locks onto Bael, it's too late. A massive fist slams into her head, tearing her away from Agares and flinging her like a ragdoll. Before Lucifer can hit the wall, Bael dashes forward, grabs her out of the air, and swings her over his head.

"Eat SHIT, you stuck-up BITCH!"

Bael pounds Lucifer into the ground with a tremendous _CRASH_! A human under the same circumstances would melt into a pool of blood and bone. Instead, the floor craters nearly a foot into the Earth. Lucifer lies motionless, unable to move.

Bael starts to raise a fist to hit her again, but Diablo interrupts him. "Bael! Stop! Don't go berserk!"

Pausing, Bael blinks and shakes his head. As if returning from the realm of the dead, the massive demon suddenly realizes what he's done. "Ah, fuck, shit. Sorry, boss! I didn't mean-"

"Forget that! Check Agares and Lucy. Are they okay?!"

Bael stares blankly at Lucifer's unmoving form. "Shit, shit, shit. Did I kill her? Aw, fuck! Devil-dammit!!"

Lucifer grunts weakly. The demoness twitches one arm, allowing Bael to breathe a sigh of relief. He lurches down, wraps one hand around her stomach, and lifts her over his shoulder. Bael's bed, a few feet to my left, sits against the opposite wall. He walks Lucifer over and lays her down. "Lucifer! Hey, you okay?!"

"Munguuuh..."

She moans pitifully, unable to speak. Satisfied she's alive, Bael and I both turn our attention to Agares.

Instead of the handsome, black-haired stud from before, a corpse-like figure lays across my legs. Agares' mouth hangs open, his skin appears halfway melted off his face, and his hair turns ashen. Lucifer seems to have sapped all the strength from Agares' body.

"Oy, oy! Agares!" Bael stomps toward him and kneels. He pokes Agares' sides gingerly. "Aw, shit! Wake up, man! Snap out of it!"

"Nuh..."

Agares breathes a single syllable into the void, but like Lucifer, he can't speak properly either.

Bael glances at me, worry-lines wrinkling his forehead. "Boss, what do I do?! I don't know nothin' bout healin'!"

"Get Hellga," Diablo says. "Find Belial, too. Either of them will be better than you or me. Hurry!"

Bael nods. "Right! On it!"

He jumps to his feet and rushes out the door, leaving Diablo to lay helplessly and watch as his two friends moan and whimper in pain.

"Come on, Bael. Hurry!"

---

Several agonizing minutes pass. Diablo's eyes jump from Lucifer to Agares. Agares stops breathing entirely, while Lucifer barely manages to twitch her hand before passing out.

Diablo whispers to himself. "Devils... where is Bael?! That damned oaf... he'd better not be playing grab-ass with the nurses again..."

Lifting his head, Diablo strains to get a better look at Agares. The half-reptilian demon continues laying across our legs, but we can't feel much of anything from the neck down.

"Hey! Agares! Blink twice if you're still alive!"

Diablo tries to kick his leg, but the movement fails due to his paralysis. He flops back in bed, exhausted from the physical strain. "Cripes. I hate this. I hate all of this shit."

"Boss! Boss, I brought Belial!"

Bael stumbles through the doorway, startling me. I didn't hear him stomping toward the room, which is odd given how noisy he usually is. Behind him, Belial slinks through the doorway as well, and her eyes laser onto Agares, then to Lucifer.

"Bloody sin!" Belial gasps. "Agares' face! It's-"

"We know," Bael says, as he nearly trips over his feet trying to get out of her way. "Use your magic! Fix him!"

Belial nods. She strides across the room, pauses to evaluate Agares' condition versus Lucifer's, and decides he's the higher priority patient. The scantily-clad demoness walks over and hovers inches above Agares body. She scans his face and winces in disgust. "Lucifer did this?! His skin... it's..."

Shaking the thoughts from her head, Belial immediately begins performing her strongest healing magic. While she concentrates on Agares, I turn to Bael. "What about Hellga?"

Bael stares intently at Belial as she rejuvenates Agares' body. After a few seconds, Bael blinks, realizing I was asking him a question. "Oh, uh, sorry. Couldn't find her. Belial's the better healer, anyway. Right?"

Belial jerks her head toward Lucifer. "Perhaps, but I can't heal two demons at once. Is Lucifer still breathing?"

"She is," I say. "What about Agares? What's the damage?"

Belial sucks air through her teeth. "Ahh... I've never seen something like this. It's as if Lucifer sucked out half of his soul. It'll take all of my skills to heal him. I don't think I can restore his former condition, either."

"Former condition? What do you mean?"

Belial shakes her head. "It's difficult to put into words, Diablo. His bones are weak, now. Restoring them is beyond my power. I think he'll pull through, though."

Diablo nods. We fall silent and watch as Belial continues motioning with her hands and sending healing magic into Agares' body. After three minutes of sweating, the demoness pulls away and wipes her forehead.

"Alright. Now for Lucifer."

Belial slides over to the three-eyed demoness. After only a few seconds of examination, her jaw drops. "Sweet mercy! What happened to Lucifer?! Half of her bones are broken!"

Bael winces and rubs his head. "Uh. Oops. My bad."

The succubus scowls at him. "And here I always thought you were a gentleman."

"Y-you did?"

"No."

Bael's shoulders sag. He ends up silently watching Belial's handiwork as she mends each of Lucifer's bones one by one. It takes her quite a while, nearly twice as long as Agares' healing did, but eventually, Belial finishes.

"Seven Devils. Would someone like to tell me what happened here?"

Lucifer gurgles in her throat. "Guh... the damned savage attacked me. When did... when did Bael turn into a cave bear?"

Bael rubs his fist. He looks hurt from all the insults. "Geez. I ain't even all that strong. The rest of you guys are just weak."

...

Soon, Lucifer and Belial stand over Agares, having moved him to Bael's bed. Belial bites her lip. "I healed him, but he hasn't woken up yet. What's wrong?"

"I tapped into his life force," Lucifer says. "Diminished it quite a bit, I'm afraid. I shouldn't have lost control like that."

"No kidding," I reply. "Is Agares going to wake up? Don't tell me you put him in a coma."

"He'll be fine," Belial says, reassuring me. "Lucifer drained his stamina. After he rests, he'll be right as rain."

The succubus pauses.

"Well, he'll be permanently weakened. Lucifer, I hope that whatever you were doing didn't cripple our best warrior for no reason. Valac is going to be _pissed_."

Lucifer closes her eyes and taps her chin. Her third eye twitches back and forth as she ponders several things.

"I succeeded. I copied Agares' lizard abilities. I'll try and see if I can heal Diablo, now."

"Heal Diablo?" Belial asks, echoing Lucifer. "How are you going to heal him?"

"I'll copy Agares' regenerative powers into him. With luck, it will counteract the holy energy wracking Diablo's body."

"Don't tell me this is all based off a hunch," Belial says. "Lucifer. You endangered Agares' life. If this doesn't pay off... Valac will have your head."

"Valac can kiss the shiniest side of my ass," Lucifer hisses. "Don't try and scare me with talk of the _mighty Valac_. He needs me. He might pretend he doesn't, but his tricks will only take him so far. Now, step aside. You're in my way."

Rather than waiting for Belial to move, Lucifer shoves her out of the way with a sweeping gesture. Belial's jaw drops. "Hey! Don't get pushy! I saved your life! Show a little gratitude."

"_Spare me_," Lucifer says, rolling all three of her eyes. "You did your job. Now let me do mine."

Diablo's heartrate increases. His anxiety begins to build as Lucifer motions with her hands to form spell seals above our chest. "H-hey, Lucy... baby... I won't end up like Agares, will I? You wouldn't hurt this good-looking face, right?"

"Don't call me 'baby,' imbecile. I'm putting my life force, as well as Agares', into your body. If anything, you should end up much stronger than before, not weaker. Lie still, or I might _accidentally_ slip and break a chest-bone."

Her emphasis on 'accidentally' implies a threat. Diablo's eyes widen. He nods quickly and goes silent as she rapidly weaves dozens of signs.

Belial walks over and leans against Bael, crossing her arms while they both watch.

A sensation resembling ants crawling across my skin gives me the shivers. Diablo grits his teeth as the sensation of tiny feet transforms into prickling, burning fire. 

"Shit! Shit! Ahh, baby, it burns! Devil's sake!"

Usually, Lucifer might scowl at Diablo and say something about how he's acting like a sniveling imp. Instead, she grimaces. "Apologies. I'm trying to do this quickly. Hang in there."

A tear drips down Diablo's face. "Nnn. Mhm. Just... do it... faster..."

"You think the boss is gonna be okay?" Bael whispers. I can barely make out his words through Diablo's grunting and spasming.

"I hope so. Lucifer hasn't failed us yet," Belial whispers.

Diablo ignores them. His consciousness ebbs in and out as invisible fingers reach inside of us and touch the inner parts of our spirit. The sensation, horrifyingly painful yet simultaneously euphoric, is like a drug that sears away all the feeling in our body.

Lucifer says something, but I can't understand her. Her speech translates into gobbledygook in my head, resembling the sound of a waterfall crashing against my face.

Time becomes a blur. All at once, everything stops.

I jolt awake with a start, sharply inhaling what feels like the first breath of my life. Lucifer spreads her mouth wide open, revealing a hundred shark-like teeth. "Welcome back to the living, Diablo. Does your body hurt?"

Diablo blinks. "Pain. _Pain._ No? Yes. No? Uhh..."

It takes several seconds for the demon to get his thoughts unjumbled. He sits up in bed and scratches his head. "No? I feel fine."

Lucifer's eyes widen, and her jaw drops. "Ah! Ahahaha! I did it! YES! Ohohoho!" 

She does a little tap dance and skips over to waggle her fingers in Belial and Bael's faces. "Hah! I told you so! I'm a genius, the smartest demon of all time! Phoo! How dare you doubt my brilliance! Diablo is moving again, and it's all thanks to ME! Me, me, ME!!!"

Bael's expression flattens. He gazes at the demoness with a look of annoyance as she hops and skips around the room. "Yeah, yeah, big whoop. When you can wrestle a cave-bear with one hand, lemme know. Sheesh. Broads always think they're queen shit for any little thing."

Belial, however, looks extremely relieved. She walks over to me and sits on my left. "Are you okay now, Diablo? Can you move your legs?"

Diablo nods. He lowers his gaze to his legs, concentrates for a second, lifts one a few inches, then drops it back down again. "I can. Wow. This... this is..."

Our breath catches. Diablo turns away as intense emotions suddenly rush into his mind. He chokes back tears and rubs his eyes. "Devils. I... I can walk again. I have my life back. I thought... I thought I'd be stuck here forever..."

Lucifer grinds her skipping to a halt. She sighs, having unleashed her pent-up excitement. After a moment, she walks over, sits beside Belial, and touches my hand. "Sorry. I didn't mean to take this moment from you. I'm glad you can walk again, Diablo."

"It's all thanks to you and Agares. I owe you everything."

Lucifer stares at me for a moment. A smile appears on her face, but she turns away and forces a neutral expression before glancing at me again. "Thank you, Diablo. Be glad you have someone like me, willing to risk Agares' neck for you. Starting tomorrow, I'll start helping you exercise. We'll get you back in tip-top shape, pronto."

Bael claps his hands. "Alright! Me'n the boss are gonna kick some ass! Yo, Lucifer, you got any of that mojo for me? Don't I get a little boost, here?"

Lucifer never breaks her gaze from mine. "No."

"Aw, c'mon!"

"You nearly killed me. If anything, I ought to repay you in full."

Bael waves his hand. "Pft. That's old news. That was a long time ago."

"It's only been fifteen minutes, _Bael._ I still feel the phantom aching in my joints."

Lucifer forces a grin as she gazes into my eyes. Something about the expression seems psychopathic.

She's probably going to beat Beal half to death at some point. Poor guy.

Across from us, Agares grunts. "Ohhh... where.. am I..."

Everyone turns to look at him. He lays on Diablo's bed unmoving, but his eyes blink open slowly. A milky film covers them until he blinks a bit more aggressively. "Wha-? What happened?"

Lucifer stands up. "Ah, Agares-"

"Eee! Stay away!" Agares' eyes widen in horror as he spots Lucifer. "Stay back, foul temptress! Keep your paws off me!"

"It's too late for that," Lucifer mutters. "Sorry. I, ah, may have damaged your body somewhat. On the plus side, Diablo can walk, now."

I wave at Agares. "Hey."

Agares turns and struggles to wave back. "H-hello?" He pauses and stares in horror at his skin. Where once his body was a mass of coiled muscle, ready to strike, his pale pink skin and paper-thin arms reveal the fact that Lucifer sucked a lot more out of him than half his spirit. "What in the name of-?!"

"Your muscles might be atrophied, but it isn't permanent," Belial says, sliding over to his bed. She holds his hand reassuringly. "You can rebuild your strength after you get some rest. I'm surprised you woke up at all. Your willpower is... incredible."

Belial's words soothe Agares' nerves. He nods and closes his eyes. "Yeah... I am feeling tired. Maybe I should... rest my eyes for a bit."

Hardly has he uttered the words, before Agares' head lolls to the side. He falls asleep instantly, causing a hint of dread to pass around the room. Nobody seems sure how severe the damage to his body was.

Belial turns back to the rest of us. "I gave Agares a mild sedative. He'll wake up soon. In the meantime, we should all allow Diablo to get some rest, and you too, Lucifer. I may have healed all your bones, but exerting yourself anymore could have permanent side-effects."

Lucifer groans. "Somehow, I knew you'd say that."

Both of the women climb off the beds and head over to Bael. Lucifer pauses. "Now that I have this ability... this regenerative power... I should begin testing it. It could dramatically improve our fighting capabilities. Everyone, do me a favor, please. _Don't_ tell Valac what's happened, today."

Belial raises an eyebrow. "Why not?"

"Don't play stupid, succubus. I know you hate Valac nearly as much as I do. The way he treats the women around here is unforgivable. I've heard about the horrors in the comfort rooms as of late. If I don't do something... Valac is going to try and turn us into cattle."

Bael smirks. "Sounds like a good deal to me."

"Shut your trap," Lucifer hisses. "You're already in hot water. I've half a mind to rip your arms off and shove them where the sun doesn't shine."

"Uhh..." Bael frowns. "But there already ain't no sunlight down here."

Lucifer growls under her breath. "Blasted... nnn...!!" She storms over to the doorway, flings the leather curtain aside, and stomps out of the room.

Bael glances at me, confusion written all over his face. "Is Lucy stupid? She doesn't really think there's sunlight down here, does she?"

Belial smirks. "Yes, Bael, I think you've got Lucifer _all_ figured out."