Part 650: Unarin's Concession

_Far-Future Era. Day 2, AJR. Inside Chrona._

More than a week had passed. A single hour in realspace was equal to nearly 300 in Chrona, and following the operation on XR-Zanovra, Fiona and the other Sentients had spent a lot of time poring over the footage to analyze it.

"The way they combine their powers is so mysterious." Blinker said, as she looked at Rebecca, then at Fiona. "And it seems once they start their ritual, they can quickly transfer power around the group."

"The Dolgrimite power-binding ritual is not so different from the ones Emperor Crow performs." Rebecca added. "Combining the strength of weaker individuals to defeat a stronger one is a niche ability, but effective in certain situations."

"That's the thing though." Fiona countered. "Look at all the readings. Their bodies didn't grow even an iota stronger. Whatever they did, it didn't make them more formidable at battling the Kolvaxians. They were just as strong before and after."

While Fiona talked, she held little baby Timothy in her arms. He made baby babbling noises while she talked, and played with her hair that was hanging down her chest. Sometimes, the cute little boy even tried munching on her hair, but it was mainly a spiritual illusion, so it had no taste or texture.

"They must be weakening the Kolvaxians, then." Blinker proposed. "But... I'm not sure how. Those Dolgrimites have really strong bodies, yet surely a Middle Cosmic like Huron would wipe the floor with them in a fistfight. His strength didn't seem to drop. He punched just as hard as ever. Huron's Kolvax-clone could probably destroy the planet with ease."

Rebecca crossed her arms. She started pacing from side to side inside the Spynet Sphere. She rewound footage of the battle, pointing to the instance when Kolvaxor Nufaris nearly flattened all the Dolgrimites with a gravity attack.

"This was the exact moment when the battle turned in the Dolgrimites' favor." Rebecca analyzed. "The Kolvaxians didn't know how their abilities worked. Nufaris tried to kill the main Dolgrimite group, but he was caught off-guard when they abruptly bolstered one of their own and he took out the strongest Kolvaxor with a surprise attack."

"I doubt that tactic will work a second time." Blinker responded. "Next time, the Kolvaxians will know about this combined-power and will take measures to counter it."

Fiona appeared unconvinced. "They probably will, but I doubt this is the full extent of the Dolgrimite's power-up. There's something we're missing. If they're weakening the Kolvaxians, how? If we can just figure that much out, we might be able to use this to our advantage."

The other two women fell silent. They looked at each other with uncertainty in their eyes, then they continued to debate for a while longer.

Suddenly, a spark of realization ignited in Fiona's eyes. After several days of thinking and collaborating with the others, her brain lit up with inspiration.

"Oh! I've got it! It all makes sense now! The way the Dolgrimites are able to fight the Kolvaxians is because..."

---

_Far-Future Era. Day 2, AJR. Inside the Founder's Soul._

The Dolgrimite's cleanup operation concluded as a great success. For the first time in the history of the Kolvaxian War, the Volgrim had become the victors. They had driven the Kolvaxians away and saved a world from its clutches.

Where there was one victory of such magnitude, more were likely to follow.

But this victory did not leave four of the Founders with pleasant expressions on their faces. They did not jump for joy or shout in jubilation.

The attitude among them was... muted.

"That was a splendid result." Unarin said calmly, looking Cinculu in the eyes. "Have the Dolgrimites... _always_ been able to fight the Plague at this level?"

Cinculu puffed out his chest. "Not always. But for a while, we have."

"Then why did you not volunteer your services sooner?" Cuanali asked, directing a hostile gaze toward him. "We've lost thousands of worlds to the Plague. Tens of thousands! If you could have reversed the course of the war, why didn't you?"

Cinculu sneered. He looked at the metal-clad Technopath Founder with contempt.

"Have you not guessed? We did it to _punish_ the heretics in this Empire. Only now that the Psions have fallen did the situation reach an untenable state. Before, it seemed as if you might last another few thousand cycles. But because of your pitiful discipline, your weak minds, and the greed within the hearts of your High Psions, the entire Empire was nearly brought to ruin. Now, the great Dolgris extends a claw to you. It is up to you whether you will cast aside your wicked ways and fall in line... or die while screaming his name."

Cinculu directed his contempt away from Cuanali, toward Unarin.

"What say you now, Unarin? Have you come to regret the path you've chosen? Will you grovel for forgiveness at Dolgris's feet?"

Unarin didn't immediately respond.

He looked across the pentagonal table at Cinculu, seemingly falling deep into thought.

"I did not entirely expect the situation to develop in this direction." Unarin eventually said. "But you've been acting so self-assured for so long a time, I assumed you must have had some hidden secret at your disposal. You've actually managed to surprise me a little."

Unarin leaned back in his chair. He rested his palms in his lap and sighed.

"You now hold the key to the Volgrim Empire's future life and death, Cinculu. I could be obstinate and continue with the Dying Light Initiative, but that would only result in the deaths of 99% of all remaining Volgrim. Clearly, this is no longer necessary. What must I do to secure Dolgris's help?"

Cinculu's smirk turned into a vicious grin.

"Need you even ask? Step down as First Founder. Retire and live your life in peace. I will take over in Dolgris's name, and lead our people to a future free of heresy."

"Alright." Unarin immediately said. "Done. You are now the First Founder. Anything else?"

Cinculu coughed.

He damn near choked on his own spit. He looked at Unarin for a moment, shocked out of his wits.

"W-what? That's it?"

Unarin shrugged. "I have ruled for a long time. If you think you can do better than me, and if it will save the lives of our people, then I can at least do this much. If your only goal was to seize control of the Volgrim Empire, you could have put this plan into motion a long time ago and saved more lives. It's a shame you didn't, but there is no room in my soul for condemnation now."

Cinculu balked. He couldn't believe what he was hearing.

Unarin was willing to give up the seat of the First Founder to him? Just like that?! Wasn't this a little too easy?

Cinculu became suspicious. Unarin was known for his mind-games. He was a cerebral leader first and foremost. He might be laying a trap for the admittedly slower-witted Dolgrimite.

"What tricks are you dreaming up?" Cinculu asked, narrowing his eyes in suspicion.

Unarin shrugged innocently. "No tricks. The Psions are all but dead. It will take time, precious time we cannot afford, to raise them back to their previous heights. I have ruled for a long, long time. The Empire nearly fell because of my inadequacy. Clearly, whoever Dolgris is, he has given you power I cannot contend with."

Unarin lowered his eyes, seeming to appear a little sad.

"It's a shame this is how it ends, but I am not a petty Volborn. I have failed my people, and it is only right that I step aside."

He paused, then lifted his eyes to direct a strange look at Cinculu.

"Although... I do wonder... are you ready to handle the management of our Empire?"

Cinculu's heart turned cold. The look Unarin was giving him made him feel small in a way he couldn't quite describe.

"Of... of course I am." Cinculu said haltingly. "What are you implying?"

Unarin lifted his head and sighed dramatically. "Ohh, it's just... after I step down, it will be up to you to either convince all the Volgrim currently managing the Empire to follow your lead, or to put new ones in their places. The Volgrim Star Empire consists of more than 1,000,000 free worlds, not counting the hundreds of thousands that have fallen to the Plague in the past. With Dolgris's power, you will naturally work to liberate those worlds and take them back, but this only _expands_ the problem I mentioned previously."

Unarin clicked his tongue chidingly.

"So many worlds... how much administrative support do you think you'll need, keeping them all placated and under your control? The Volgrim people have only known me as their leader. They cannot imagine anyone else. Why, I imagine you're going to have quite the time convincing them to follow you, or Dolgris, or whoever as their new First Founder. Are you sure you're... _up to the challenge?_"

Cinculu shifted in his chair. He subtly glanced back at Virile, who remained standing in place, unmoving, not daring to say a word in this battle between heavyweights.

Cinculu returned his attention back to Unarin. "So that's your trap. You will pass power to me in name, but foment rebellion, making the worlds unable to accept me as their leader! Truly a nasty trick, Unarin."

Unarin scoffed. He crossed his arms and looked at Cinculu with a smirk. "Don't be a fool, Cinculu. I need not stoop that low. I will happily step aside and watch you burn the Empire which was already going to perish anyway. If you think you can do a better job than me, go right ahead. Take control. Find out just how much I do as leader of our people. I only worry you will find the job is neither as _simple_ nor as _fun_ as you believe it to be."

Silence fell over the room. Cinculu felt his stomach churning. He had expected Unarin to put up a fight, to beg to keep his title, to bow at Dolgris's feet, or to try and struggle for relevancy.

But Cinculu did not expect Unarin to instead riddle him with words of logic.

The truth was, Cinculu did not especially covet the power of First Founder. What good would it do him to move up the ranks and rule the Volgrim Empire? He was already one of the Five Founders, a being so far above the unwashed masses that they would bow and grovel at his feet wherever he went. Certainly, Unarin was considered a step above the other four, but Cinculu was often considered to be equal in status to Cuanali, Treyza, and even Dosena. The four of them were tied for second place in the hearts of their subjects, and that was a fine place to be.

Cinculu wasn't entirely sure what it would mean to run and manage the daily operations of the Volgrim Empire. He hadn't even given it much thought. But now that Unarin put him on the spot, Cinculu realized... it couldn't possibly be easy!

Unarin was right. He wouldn't have to lift a finger for rebellion to explode across every Volgrim-colonized world. How could they possibly accept Cinculu as their First Founder? He would be seen as a usurper and a scumbag who betrayed the other Founders!

Right now, Cinculu knew he was respected and feared across the Milky Way. But if he truly took the next step and seized power, all his respect would turn to smoke. He would still be feared, but for different reasons entirely.

A snarl formed at the edges of Cinculu's mouth. "You... tricky creature. What are you angling for?"

Unarin finally stopped smiling. He sat forward and rested his arms on the table.

"Alright. I'll be direct. I don't necessarily love spending every waking minute of my life running this Empire, but it's something I've grown comfortable doing. I have an eon of experience, and changing leadership right now would throw the galaxy into chaos."

Unarin narrowed his eyes and pointed a finger at Cinculu.

"If, through Dolgris, we now have the means to fight back and defeat the Plague, then you know as well as I do what our _true_ goal should be. This civil war? It means nothing. Someday, if we do manage to crush the Kolvaxians and subjugate the other Sentients, we will still have the Akashic War to deal with. Are you certain Dolgris alone is capable of handling this matter?"

Cinculu glared at Unarin. "You dare speak ill of our God?"

"Do not play at being a fool, Cinculu." Unarin said sternly. "I know for a fact you would make a terrible leader for the Volgrim. You are not strong-willed enough, you lack the clout to make everyone fall into line, and frankly your heart is not interested in ruling over anyone. All you really want are deep concessions for the Dolgrimites, and that is something I am plenty willing to agree to."

Unarin paused.

"You might not make for a good First Founder, but you are also not an imbecile. You know just as well as I do the Truth about Dolgris. He is not a 'god'. You cannot be so delusional as to actually believe in such a thing when you have observed the same Truths as your fellow Founders."

Virile and Ravagil glowered at Unarin. The hateful, heretic words he was spouting made them want to tear his head off. The bastard! How dare he defame their God?!

But Cinculu actually started to calm down. He looked at Unarin while ignoring the sensation of his fellow Dolgrimites gazing at the back of his head.

_Unarin knows more than he's let on. How long has he known? Has he only had suspicions until now?_ Cinculu wondered.

"Speak plainly." Cinculu growled.

"Alright. Let's see if I can avoid making a fool of myself." Unarin said. "Your so-called 'God' is not a God at all. He is a Sentient. A _very_ powerful Sentient. He has hidden his power for ages. I'm not entirely certain of all the details, but perhaps he might even be..."

Unarin paused.

"...an _Apex Cosmic?_"

Cinculu's heart skipped a beat. He tried not to let his shock show, but Unarin clearly noticed all the microscopic details on the Fifth Founder's face. He could not hide his emotions nearly as well as Unarin.

"It seems I've guessed correctly." Unarin said. "I actually suspected he might only be a High Cosmic, but based on your reaction..."

"You!!" Cinculu roared, pounding the table. "Confounding bastard!"

Before he could say anything else, Unarin interjected. "And let me hazard another guess. That little stunt on XR-Zanovra? Each Dolgrimite you sent was an Apex Mortal. None of them were Cosmics. Yet, even as mere mortals, they were able to challenge those monstrously powerful Kolvaxors. How could such a thing be possible, I wonder? It certainly makes sense if your 'God' is an Apex Cosmic."

Unarin lifted his chin. "Your bodies are not ordinary. Each Dolgrimite is able to project an energy field that stifles other beings you come into close contact with. This power belongs not to you, but to Dolgris. By combining your energy, you are able to channel it into a smaller number of hosts, drastically empowering its effectiveness."

"Finally, and perhaps most importantly," Unarin concluded, "this field of energy is able to stifle the Kolvaxors precisely because of Dolgris's status as an Apex Cosmic. He is mighty enough that even a few slivers of his energy will crush the strength of weaker Cosmics."

All three Dolgrimites looked at Unarin in horror. They felt as if their scales had been stripped away, leaving them naked before his gaze.

What monstrous deductive power! All this from a few clues and watching the battle unfold live? And he had figured it all out in less than an hour! No... more likely, he'd had plenty of suspicions and guesses over the past several thousand years and only now managed to combine it all together into a cohesive deduction.

But even so! This was unbelievable. The Dolgrimites could not wrap their heads around just how scary Unarin's brain could be.

If Cinculu and the others held any thoughts that they would be better than Unarin in terms of wisdom and ruling an Empire, those beliefs were left thoroughly crushed.

"You... are remarkably insightful." Cinculu said through gritted teeth after a few moments.

"Using the power of many to subdue a greater adversary is not too novel of an innovation." Unarin countered. "The Demons have done it, and the Psions, too. Dolgris's ability is, at the least, much more potent than the previous examples."

Unarin's presence seemed to diminish. He knocked lightly on the table, then cleared his throat.

"Would you mind if I made a proposal, Cinculu?"

The Dolgrimite leader hesitated. He couldn't help but be a little afraid of what Unarin said next. Would he start guessing every other secret the Dolgrimites thought was secure?

But, he relented. "Go on."

"Alright. Here it is then." Unarin said, spreading his palms apart graciously. "I will stay the First Founder. Our Empire will remain as it is now. However, I will only be a figurehead. Dolgris, in his capacity as an Apex Cosmic, will be the one who truly leads the Empire. If he wishes to issue any edicts, I will deliver them and comply with all his orders. If he wishes to kill me, he can do so as well. I shall follow any commands he gives. And you, as his spokesperson, will be the go-between for both of us. A most prestigious role, I might add."

"You're saying you would willingly bend the knee to Dolgris? All this just to retain your power?" Cinculu asked. "Are you truly so shameless?"

"How little you know." Unarin replied, his tone bland. "I have spent millions of cycles building this Empire. I enjoy watching it grow, watching it thrive. If you think I only do this for some self-aggrandizing reason, then let me assure you, I do not."

Unarin waved his hand flippantly.

"I would love to step back and let someone else lead. I would love to take a vacation and tour the galaxy, observe various civilizations, gaze upon their art and culture, and immerse myself in frivilous pleasantries. But I cannot bring myself to do so if it would mean placing the future of my people in the hands of incompetent buffoons. Until someone who I consider to be my intellectual equal rises up and shows the desire and capacity to continue leading our great Empire, I will do what I can to remain in power and keep the galaxy... stable."

He lowered his hand.

"So, that is why I make this arrangement. It has nothing to do with my ego. I only want to see our people thrive. Everything I do is to achieve that end."

Unarin fell silent. Cinculu became thoughtful. His hostility dropped somewhat, and he gazed at the table, uncertain of what to do.

But it wasn't long before he decided to speak.

"You are effectively asking me to maintain the status quo." Cinculu muttered. "That would defeat the purpose of today's demonstration."

"On the contrary. You have demonstrated that the Dolgrimites are capable of playing an extremely useful role in our Empire. No longer sidelined, mocked, or ignored, you will become the future protectors of our people, granted the same prestige the Psions once held." Unarin replied smoothly. "I am certain that as time goes on, many Volgrim will convert to worshiping Dolgris. They will bow before his might, as demonstrated by his devotees. This is what you want, yes?"

"It is... but will you feel satisfied knowing our people no longer worship _you_?" Cinculu asked.

"I have never demanded, asked, nor implicitly made it seem as though I desired our people's adoration." Unarin replied. "This Empire is vast. It is bigger than perhaps you are even capable of comprehending. I have taken on the role of a figurehead out of necessity. It is important the Volgrim have a unifying figure at the top. Whether it be me or Dolgris, I care not. I am content with sinking back into the shadows and working in secret. As Dolgris grows to swallow more of the people's attention, I will be more free to move about and pursue my own hobbies and desires."

That answer seemed to satisfy Cinculu.

"Very well. I will convey your intentions to Dolgris."

Unarin paused.

"Ah, about that. It will not be necessary. You will arrange for me to meet with Dolgris in person."

"WHAT?!" Cinculu roared, standing up and throwing his seat aside in a fit of rage. "No! How dare you?! I will never allow it!!"

The table fell silent. The other four Founders looked at Cinculu with mixed expressions, some of them pitiable, some of them mocking. Only Treyza seemed utterly unmoved, its neutral expression never changing in the least.

"We've been over this." Unarin said, completely disregarding the fearsome look on Cinculu's face. It was as if he were being threatened by a clown. "You may think of Dolgris as a god, but in the end, he is a Sentient like any other. I will speak to him alone, in person, with no others present. I will naturally be at his mercy, and if he should so desire to execute my for my impudence, nobody will retaliate."

Cinculu shook with rage. In his mind, he knew Dolgris was not really a god, but his heart had long ago turned to stone and would never allow such blasphemy to be spoken! It took all his self control not to leap across the table and bite Unarin's throat out!

Dosena was no longer a threat. Unarin was totally defenseless! Yet even now, Cinculu simply couldn't bring himself to make such a move. It was as if his wrists had been shackled by the rules of a game he did not know he was even playing.

He shook with hatred for several seconds, then slowly blinked his eyes.

"You... I will inform Dolgris of your... _request._ If my God decides to grant you an audience, it will be on his prerogative. _Not yours._"

Unarin seemed as if he might argue the point, but sensing Cinculu's religious fervor, he decided not to press his luck.

"Very well. We'll do it that way, then. I look forward to Dolgris's response."

With his seat thrown aside, Cinculu decided it would not be fitting for him to pick it up and sit back down like a doofus. So, instead, he swept his gaze around the table in a manner most grandiose.

"Treyza. The rest of you. I take my leave."

Without another word, he spun on his heel and stormed out, the other two Dolgrimites right behind him.

After Muuxunuu had opened and shut the door to the Founder's Soul, a full minute of silence followed. None of the other four Founders said a word.

Then, Cuanali broke the silence.

"Everything was as you predicted." She said, closing her eyes and bowing her head.

"Almost everything." Treyza interjected. "Founder Unarin did not predict that the Dolgrimites would defeat the Kolvaxors. He predicted that Dolgris himself would intervene."

"A minor discrepancy." Unarin said, smiling at the other Founders. "We have preserved our power... for now. Although, I do find it... curious."

"Find what curious?" Cuanali asked, her robotic tone rising an octave.

"If Dolgris is so powerful, then why does he need to rely on mere mortals to fight his battles for him?" Unarin mused. "Something tells me this ancient entity is not what he seems. I... _look forward_ to speaking with him in person."

"The Dolgrimites are zealots. They will not grant you an audience." Treyza stated.

Unarin sneered.

"It won't be up to _them._"