Part 414: Guerilla Warfare

Benjamin Brown leaves his house in the Eastern District. He strides away from it with purpose, his cybernetic eyes sweeping across the local infrastructure and citizenry with an almost passive indifference.

This seemingly simple man was once a legendary human warrior. A combatant who fought in the Energy Wars under the title of Vanguard. Over the millennia, the collective memories of humanity and demonkind slowly forgot his name and accomplishments.

Not all demons, however.

The Emperors, Dukes, and many of the older Barons still recalled those days. Those who were not put under mind-wipes, those who held positions of privilege, or those who were outright immune, they once knew the terror of facing a Vanguard in battle.

Cybernetically augmented with the best of humanity's technology. Upgraded with specific abilities to combat specific demons. Difficult to injure, and even harder to kill.

The Vanguards once terrorized demons in the same way the ancient demons once terrorized humanity. Their eyes could pierce solid barriers. Their fists could shatter steel, stone, and bone alike. Their accuracy with weapons was nearly perfect.

And now, 100,000 years after Earth's fall, Benjamin Brown finds himself as the last remnant of the Vanguards. A soldier without an enemy to fight. A man merely trying to live his life in peace.

He moves quickly but steadily, not breaking a sweat. He passes by humans, monsters, and demons alike, observing their interactions with clinical dispassion. To him, demons were once his greatest enemy. But nowadays, they are merely... obstacles.

As he makes his way toward the military-zoned area north of the Central Plateau, Benjamin Brown's thoughts drift between topics.

_Humanity is progressing much faster than it did during the Energy Wars. But it still has a long way to go before it can reach a level comparable to what Marie achieved. Her leadership truly uplifted our species to the apex._

_Sadly, it wasn't enough. Even she had limits. We were never a threat to the Volgrim, no matter how quickly we progressed._

He shakes his head while passing a pair of soldiers wearing nanite-based armor. Despite the impressiveness of their T-REX's, not one of these soldiers could hope to match Benjamin Brown in combat if he went all-out.

_On the surface, these soldiers possess incredible power. But defeating demons and defeating the Volgrim... there's simply no comparison between the two. And that's to say nothing of the Plague._

Before long, Benjamin arrives at the edge of Tarus II's largest military base. Several conspicuous signs rest on its walls stating that demons are not allowed inside. None of them, not even Belial herself. Only humans and monsters, those who have fought on humanity's side for the past six years, are allowed to enter.

Benjamin Brown pauses at the gate, while a female trooper wearing a blue-tinted T-REX walks up to him.

"Mister Brown." She says, her voice transmitting through her faceless helmet. "Punctual, as always."

"Hello, Linda." Benjamin says, offering her a faint smile. "I have an internal chronometer installed in my skull. I am always painfully aware of any existing time constraints."

Corporal Linda Hurent nods at the man before her. "Neil says he wants to talk to you. He'd like it if you dropped by after you're done with your training session."

"He is the commanding officer here." Benjamin replies. "I'm at his disposal."

"We'll keep that in mind."

Linda leads Benjamin through the checkpoint toward the secret inner underground area. As they walk, the man and woman engage in idle conversation.

"We really appreciate your help." Linda says, as they enter the central dome, then descend down a spiral staircase into the facility's depths. "We need more veterans with your level of experience. Unsurprisingly, they're hard to come by."

"I've heard rumors going around that Blinker and her fairy friends are working on some sort of new... contraption?" Benjamin asks idly.

"I don't know any details." Linda says. She and Benjamin arrive at the bottom of the staircase and arrive inside a wide hallway, one which leads toward several portals to Camael's Cube.

However, neither of the two knows the truth about these training areas, believing them to projections made by Fairy Magic, or perhaps some unknown utilization of Wordsmithing.

"None at all?" Benjamin asks. "Come now, Linda. You're pretty high up in the command structure."

"I'm telling the truth." Linda says, while leading Benjamin toward the 'aquatic' biome. "Neil might tell you the details, but he hasn't told me much of anything. All I know is it will be a much more robust training sim than what we have now. And don't get me wrong, these training biomes are crazy-realistic already, so I can only wonder what sorts of improvements the Wordsmith will make."

The two of them walk through the doorway and arrive on a large island amidst a seemingly infinite ocean stretching out into the distance. The portal behind them hums mysteriously atop a raised platform, and the two of them descend onto the island's sandy beach past several rows of troopers.

"Training Officer Brown is on the scene!" One man barks, causing the soldiers behind him to stand at attention. He walks over to Benjamin Brown and snaps a salute by lightly thumping his heart with his fist. "Thank for for taking time out of your schedule to visit us today, Officer Brown!"

Benjamin smiles perfunctorily. "We're all human, here. It's only natural I help whip my people into shape."

After once again thanking Benjamin for his help, Linda turns on her heel and strides back to the portal leading out of the Cube. Once she's gone, Benjamin begins pacing before the recruits, sizing them up. All of them wear T-REX modules on their chests, but they remain deactivated, allowing Benjamin to get a good look at today's candidates.

Surprisingly, barely over half of them are men. Their gender distribution appears roughly equal thanks to the effects of Jason Hiro's Body Boosters, which grant anyone with enough merit points access to a minimum of Class II enhanced physiques. Of course, if someone joins the military, they're guaranteed three rounds in the Booster to give themselves a Class III physique. And if they already have a Class III physique, they're granted two more rounds.

At the third level, even without armor, most soldiers possess noticeably faster tissue regeneration, rapid-clotting blood, and much denser skin and bone, allowing them to punch apart boulders with their bare hands. Their strength also rises dramatically, granting them enough power to lift nearly a full ton of weight unassisted.

Benjamin nods as he sizes up the soldiers.

_Not bad. They're no Vanguards, but augmentations like mine weren't easy to install. Since the Wordsmith can mass-produce super-soldiers, even if they're a bit lower-level than the strongest soldiers of my era, it's not hard to make up the difference in quality with quantity. Plus, even outside of combat, these people can fulfill all sorts of general roles. Laborers, mechanics, construction workers... he's creating a more versatile and adaptable society than Old Earth._

Benjamin clears his throat. "Ahem. I'm sure I don't need to introduce myself. Does anyone here have a Class IV or higher enhanced body?"

Two men nod their heads.

"I do, sir."

"I as well."

Benjamin nods. "Perfect! You two will be taking the roles of warring commanders. I want half of the people here to go with you, and the other half to go with you. One side will play the role of assault, while the other will act as a defender. The defenders will have one hour to build fortifications, while the attackers will need to construct weapons and armor."

Benjamin gestures to the many trees on the island, the diameter of which stretches for about ten miles.

This is a tactical exercise. You are not to kill your opponents, though for obvious reasons, you can and should beat the shit out of each other. If anyone gets too injured to fight, we'll cart them off to the hospital for Belial to heal. Most importantly, I'm going to be training you in the art of guerilla warfare! This is a style of combat which allows seemingly small and weak militaries to hold back and sometimes defeat much stronger ones through clever uses of traps, sabotage, and other 'unsavory' methods."

Ben proceeds to spend the next ten minutes outlining all of the rules, among which includes leaving their T-REX's behind in order to endure the training with nothing but their bodies. Luckily, these soldiers not only possess enhanced physiques, but lightly enhanced brains as well, allowing them to more easily retain his words.

"Permission to speak?" One woman in the front row asks.

"Granted." Benjamin says, turning to face her.

"Sir," She says, "are you teaching us this in case we need to fight any specific adversary? Or is this training general-purpose?"

"It's both." Benjamin answers, while folding his hands behind his back. "Humanity is still weak. The Wordsmith's presence shields you, causing the demons to worry about taking any overt actions against your species. Additionally, they wish to form trade connections with you thanks to your valuable 'Belial Booster'."

He continues. "Nevertheless, if the Wordsmith is not here at all times, or if he leaves for any extended period, the demons may suddenly attack. You are still far weaker than them, collectively. Knowing how to use guerilla warfare against a superior enemy will not only benefit you if you ever have to fight the demons, but also the Volgrim. That being said, these tactics do have limits. They are... far from perfect, especially when facing such a huge difference in power."

Benjamin fields half a dozen other questions before initiating the training. Over the next hour, he spends most of his time with the defenders, helping them create a secluded base deep within the island's tree cover.

"Look here," Benjamin says to one pair of young men, both barely 20 years old. "Between these trees, you could place some barbed wire at ankle level and then hide it with leaves. Anyone trying to sneak past the perimeter will catch a nasty surprise."

"We don't have any barbed wire." One of the men replies. "Can we use fishing line instead? Maybe attach them to some bells as an early warning?"

"That's using your head." Benjamin says, giving them a thumbs-up before leaving them to their work.

The Vanguard proceeds to traipse around the base while the two hundred or so soldiers hastily erect their defenses. Afterward, he walks over to the other side, the attackers, and proceeds to give them personalized training.

The attackers wield mostly sharpened sticks, rocks attached to tree branches and fashioned into makeshift axes and clubs, as well as 'body armor' made from huge leaves or flat rocks. While rudimentary, these hastily-crafted weapons and armor give the attackers a superior equipment lead over the defenders.

"Your goal is to break through the defenses of your opponents, evade their traps, and beat them half-to death." Benjamin tells the attackers. "However, what you lack is information. You do not know where their defenses are located, or how they've been set up. If your leg gets stuck in a snare, you'll be a sitting duck for a counter-attack. And be warned, your opponents have positioned themselves all across the woodlands. They want nothing more than to pounce on you in an ambush and take you out without suffering a loss. Now, let's move out. I'll show you a few initial traps so you know what to look for, but after that, it will be up to your own survival and wits."

Benjamin strides into the forest with the other two hundred soldiers. He proceeds to point out a handful of tricks the defenders have laid out, including pit-traps, rope snares, and hammers designed to fall down and knock out an enemy before they can react.

What Benjamin also finds is that despite their youth, many of these humans are actually quite knowledgeable. Unlike the humans of his modern industrial era, those born into simple lives and 9-to-5 drudgery, these people were raised on hostile worlds where they had to work the farmlands or flee for their survival when the demons initiated hunting parties.

Several men and women take the lead, pointing out traps Benjamin didn't even mention. He falls back to the rear, then activates a certain upgrade inside his body, one installed just 20,000 years prior.

Benjamin levitates into the sky!

Thanks to an anti-gravity module installed by none other than Ose herself, Benjamin can take to the air in a slow but energy-efficient manner. Traveling at just under twenty kilometers an hour, he flies into the sky to look down upon the recruits as they initiate their mock battle.

In under three minutes, the first of the attackers accidentally steps on a trip-wire. A sharp _thwip_ sound causes him to jerk his head to the left, where he sees a glob of dirt flying at his face, launched by some unseen mechanism. The soldier quickly raises his arm to block the incoming projectile, but this only causes it to crash against his skin and explode into a thick cloud of dust!

The man staggers back and sneezes, momentarily blinded by the dirt in his eyes. Before he can cry out for help, a woman hidden under a small pile of leaves jumps up from behind him and locks him in a chokehold. The man falls unconscious after she throttles the life out of him, then drags him deeper into the jungle, where his teammates won't see him again.

"Good move." Benjamin idly mutters.

Across the jungle, several other such scenes take place. Some of the attackers, wiser than their peers, deliberately trip traps and act surprised, only to turn the tables on the defenders when they attack.

Over the next two hours, a series of victories and defeats plays out. Benjamin watches as the defenders start with initial victories, but ultimately lose more and more ground until eventually succumbing to the superior tactics of their opposing peers.

Afterward, he takes to the ground and proceeds to check up on the injured. Some of them bear serious wounds, but none that can't be healed with humanity's magic. He ships the injured back to the hospital area, then turns to face the remaining three hundred or so, those with painful injuries but who can still stand, as well as their peers who managed to survive the exercise without any major wounds.

"Well. That was a pathetic showing." Benjamin says, addressing the defending side. "The power of guerilla warfare lies in a smaller force outlasting an opposing side. Can any of you tell me what went wrong?"

The commander of the defenders, one of the two Class IV enhanced humans, steps forward and looks Benjamin in the eye. His pale skin appears quite bruised thanks to the beating he took, but thanks to his enhanced biology, he can heal from fairly severe injuries, given time.

"Sir. It was my errant leadership that caused us to fail."

Benjamin nods. "Your name?"

"Private Williams, sir."

"And what exactly did you do wrong?" Benjamin asks.

Private Williams grits his teeth. "I overlooked the true point of this exercise. I thought we should try to gang up on our enemies by isolating them and striking them two-versus-one. In this way, we could quickly take out half their members and easily deal with the others."

"At least you know where you erred." Benjamin says calmly. "Looking back, what do you think would have been the better solution?"

"Sir. We should have laid low and continued placing traps while falling back. The more traps our opponents crossed, the more likely they'd get injured or weakened at no cost to us. It's just..."

He pauses.

"...I feel as though we had to hold back due to this being a 'friendly' competition. You made it clear we weren't supposed to kill anyone. And frankly, none of us would want to do that anyway. Therefore, any traps capable of severely injuring the attackers might have accidentally killed them. The only way I felt we could be sure we were only incapacitating them was to get up close and personal."

Benjamin listens silently. He nods along to the soldier's words, and when the man finishes, Benjamin takes a moment to collect his thoughts.

"Guerilla warfare is a state of war most humans should innately prefer." Benjamin finally says. "Our ancestors were apes. We swung through the jungles and avoided predators stronger than us, because our bodies were inferior to theirs. When we learned toolmaking, we began to engage in combat only after outfitting ourselves appropriately."

He starts walking up and down the line of assembled recruits while continuing to speak.

"Traditional warfare is not something humans are innately good at. However, we are adaptable. We will master any skill if it lays within our limits. Shooting guns and standing on the frontlines of battle is how we currently engage in war, but it is inherently much more risky than sneaking around and defeating our foes through battles of attrition. You should take this loss to heart and focus on unlearning the traditional combat methods that have been drilled into you."

"Sir." Private Williams says. "Pardon my ignorance. I can understand why you would want us to learn guerilla warfare, but why ask us to also ignore all of our previous training?"

"You don't need to go that far." Benjamin says. "It's the mindset that counts. Bleeding your enemies to death is slow but efficient. It saves lives on your side. Your goal should not be to win quickly, but to win efficiently. Every loss you take gives your enemies, the demons, a big advantage. They already outnumber you ten thousand to one. Don't give them any additional benefits."

Benjamin continues speaking to the other soldiers for over an hour. Eventually, Corporal Hurent re-enters the training zone and walks up to him.

"Mister Brown. Commander Neil is ready to see you."

Benjamin nods. "I was just finishing up here. I'm curious as to what the Commander himself has to say to little old me."

The Vanguard turns away from his trainees and leaves alongside Linda. She guides him through the portal, into the outer base, and toward a building located at the rear in a secured area.

"Have you spoken to Neil before?" Linda asks.

"Once or twice. But only perfunctorily. I had the impression he was an extremely busy man." Benjamin says.

"He certainly is. There's a lot of work yet to be done." Linda says.

"Oh? What sorts of work?"

"Well. Simply put, Neil has... ambitions."

Benjamin nods along to her words. "He's not a fan of demonkind. He wants them gone. And he doesn't like the way Jason runs things."

Linda's helmeted head gives no indication of her emotions, but Benjamin easily picks up on the subtle nuances in her voice.

"Well... I used to think Neil's views were too extreme. But a few days ago, I found out Mara, a recently evolved Demon Duke, was the culprit behind the attack that killed over 50,000 men, women, and children. She also nearly killed Phoebe Hiro, yet kept quiet all this time."

"Mara, formerly the Baron of Games?" Benjamin asks.

"The very same one." Linda affirms. "Now she's the Duke of Collection. And her ascension was given to her by the same people she victimized. That _bitch_. She probably killed many of my friends, or friends of my friends, and I was all chummy with her."

Benjamin's expression remains impassive. "You can't trust demons. They are all liars at heart."

"Exactly right!" Linda exclaims, before quickly lowering her voice. "So, you don't like demons?"

"I neither like nor dislike them." Benjamin answers, his voice soft. "I've lived among demons for the past 100,000 years. I've had sex with them, gambled with them, fought with them, and killed more of them than you can imagine. I've seen demons at their best, and their worst."

He pauses.

"...I don't really care about the greater war effort anymore. It's all so pointless. So futile."

"What do you mean?" Linda asks.

"Everyone is so greedy and short-sighted." Benjamin sighs. "I just want to raise my children in peace. Live on a nice, quiet world. I don't want to bother anyone or have them bother me."

"Yet you're here, training our people." Linda points out. "Why bother?"

"Because I'm bored. And the merit allotment for these training missions is quite generous."

"I guess that's as good a reason as any other." Linda says. "You're in this for the money. I can respect that."

"Only because the Wordsmith's unique skills can offer me intangible benefits." Ben replies. "Lily has made some good gains thanks to the Body Boosters. I know she also has a soft spot for demons. She was raised in a nice, quiet, peaceful environment... unlike me. I grew up during a time of global war."

"So, what are your plans moving forward?" Linda asks. "Are you with us? Or against us?"

Inside her helmet, Linda narrows her eyes. She regards the Vanguard with a moderate level of suspicion while taking care to record his every facial twitch.

Benjamin chuckles. "You don't need to give me that look, Linda. I think what you people are doing here is... fine. But it's too little, too late. If you advance to a point that might threaten the Volgrim, they will bomb you back to the stone age. And if you don't, you will never break free of your shackles. Your whole struggle is simply... pointless."

Linda turns away from him. "Well. I think you're wrong. Maybe you ancient humans couldn't do anything, but we have the Wordsmiths now. I believe anything is possible."

"Maybe a Hero could have given us the leg up we needed, back then." Benjamin says. "But somehow, I doubt that. You haven't witnessed the terror of a high level Psion. I have. I fear even Wordsmithing has its limits."

"Let's agree to disagree." Linda says.

She directs Benjamin to the Commander Hall, a specially reinforced building designed specifically for Neil, as well as Hope Hiro, if or whenever he comes around. Outside, more than five hundred troops stand at attention, patrol the area, or maintain defensive positions atop the roof to ensure their commander's protection. The substantially-sized building sports hardened exosteel wall panels, a forest-green coloration on its walls, and a pair of statues depicting Hope Hiro and Neil Adams parked outside, on either side of the entrance.

Benjamin eyes the life-sized statues with disdain. "How egocentric."

With a shake of his head, he walks toward the entrance, while Linda stays behind.

"Have fun in there." Linda says.

"Oh, I always do." Ben replies.