Part 579: Queen's Gambit

Back inside the Hall of Heroes, Amelia and her three children walk through the labyrinthine layout of the special dimension quickly, bee-lining toward the Hall of Queens, where several Queen Network nodes have been constructed. As one of the most reliable ways to train and gain battle experience, the Queen Network has exploded in popularity over the last seven months, surpassing even the training areas inside the Cube as the most-desired place for human soldiers, monsters, and allied demons to put their lives on the line.

Blake's heartrate rises as they enter the chamber. Inside, they find twenty-five comfortable-looking chairs with orbs mounted on the arm-rests where their hands are meant to be placed. Amelia immediately sits in one of the chairs, while Levi and Mandy sit on her left, leaving one chair open on the right. Blake pauses for a moment, noticing a couple of Technopaths and even one of the ancient Heroes are already in the middle of virtual training sessions.

"Who's that old guy?" Blake asks, pointing at the spiritual apparition sitting in one of the chairs. Somehow, there is actually a Hero he's never met before.

"Don't be rude, young man." Amelia says sternly. "That's Jeremiah. He's a reclusive Hero, usually stays in his own special domain, a forest Hope created for him."

"Oh... I didn't know there were still Heroes I hadn't met." Blake says, sitting in the chair to his mother's right. "What are his powers?"

"I'll take you to meet him sometime." Amelia says. "Then you can ask him yourself. It's not nice to talk about people behind their backs."

"Sorry, mom." Blake says, looking away with a hint of guilt. He didn't mean to pry, but his curiosity got the best of him.

"Anyway." Amelia says. "Rest your arms on the sides, then place your palms on the control orbs. Lean back in the chair, and the Queen Network will automatically activate."

Blake glances at his brother and sister. Already, Levi and Mandy have closed their eyes and fallen into a trance, so they don't add anything to the conversation. Seeing how quickly they fell into a daze, Blake just does as his mother says, leans his head back, and...

...

[Welcome to the Queen Network. My designation is the Unified Management Interface. You may refer to me as UMI. Please enter your desired username before continuing.]

Blake blinks twice. He stares in momentary confusion at the black void before him, where a digital representation of a woman made of binary code stands idly, looking at him with an expressionless face.

[Huh?] Blake says, his mouth not moving, but his thought projecting into the void. [Where am I?]

[You have entered the initial setup screen for the Queen Network.] Umi says. [Please enter your username so we may continue.]

Blake stares at her for a few seconds. [What's a... 'username'...?]

[In the Queen Network, you may use your real identity or a pseudonym. Many users prefer to keep their exact identity unknown. Since you may interact with hostile users, for the sake of preventing bullying and other undesirable behavior, it is recommended that you operate under a pseudonym. Please enter your username.]

Blake scratches his head. He isn't a kid raised on the ancient Internet, so all of this is rather new to him.

[Um... how about, uh... Dark Master?]

[That username is taken.] Umi answers. [Please select another.]

[What? Taken? How is it taken?]

[You are not allowed to use the same username as another individual.] Umi impatiently explains. [Select a different username.]

[Uh, alright. What about, um, "Dark Master 1"?]

[That username is taken. Please select another.]

[What?! Then how about Dark Master 2??]

[That username is taken. Please select another.]

[Dark Master 3???]

[That username is taken. Please select another.]

Blake grabs at his hair in a frenzy. [How many goddamned Dark Masters are there??]

[In total, seven point three trillion users have entered the Queen Network at one time or another.] Umi explains. [Many of them include demons talented in the manipulation of darkness. Thus, common usernames have already been taken.]

[Holy hell, you've got to be kidding me. Alright, then how about, uh, 'Lord of Darkness'?]

[That username is taken. Please select another.]

[Shadow King?]

[That username is taken. Please select another.]

[OH COME ON!]

...

Seemingly half an hour later, Blake's bloodshot eyes finally pop open in surprise.

[That username is not taken. Welcome to the Queen Network, xXSexyDarkBoi42Xx. Would you like to create an avatar so as to keep your identity a secret?]

[An avatar? Uh, sure, I guess.]

[Entering avatar creation. Please select the ideal parameters for your appearance.]

Blake's eye twitches. A holographic person appears before him, mirroring his exact appearance. Beside it, a massive horde of sliders and dropdown menus also appear, allowing him to customize any part of his avatar's appearance.

He glances at the first one and his eyes nearly pop out of his head.

[What the heck?! I can change my gender??]

[Naturally. Many users opt to do so. Do not assume every male user you meet is a man in Realspace, and the same is true of female users.]

Just out of curiosity, naturally, Blake changes his gender to female, gawking slightly when his avatar's appearance changes to fit the new mold.

[Is that what I'd look like as a girl? Damn, I'd be kinda cute.]

He discards the idea immediately, though. Given he's about to hang out with his mother, brother, and sister, they'd tease him relentlessly if he made his avatar into a girl.

Blake spends more than an hour customizing his character's appearance. He can't help but bulk up xXSexyDarkBoi42Xx's muscles a bit, make him just a little taller and more handsome, maybe turn his jawline a little more pointed...

By the end, when he looks at his new character, he is able to smile with satisfaction. [Damn, I wish I actually looked like this. I'd be able to get a girlfriend, easy. Not that there's a lot of options inside the Hall of Heroes...]

[Avatar creation confirmed. Depositing player xXSexyDarkBoi42Xx into the Hall of Heroes lobby.]

Seconds later, Blake's vision changes. He materializes inside a large green outdoor park with mystical marbles of light floating in the air around him. Not far away, he spots several 'booths' with holographic UMI companions and floating words above the booths reading things like "1v1 Arena" and "Paired Duels" and "Free for All".

"Uh... Blake?" A voice says behind him when he appears.

Blake turns around to see a cute-looking bipedal dragon-girl with a long, pointy tail. Her soft eyelashes bat at him seductively, making his heart skip a beat.

"Who are you?" Blake asks, bewildered. "I thought this place was supposed to be anonymous?"

"I'm... your brother." The cute girl says. "Levi."

"The hell?!" Blake gawks, choking on his own virtual spit. "Why are you a chick??"

At that moment, a massive man covered in heavy armor walks over and slaps Blake's back, nearly knocking him off his feet.

"Oh come on, little bro. It's fun to change genders! It also helps obscure our identities!"

"Mandy?!" Blake asks, nearly fainting from shock. "You're a guy in here??"

His sister, now wearing the skin of an 8-foot-tall male Orc, looks terribly fearsome compared to her usual demeanor. She chuckles, those usually-wholesome sounds feeling a bit sinister when leaving her monstrous mouth. "Why not? You can look like anything you want. Later on, you can even change your appearance if you earn enough Platinum Queen Points. I like to change things up a lot."

But then, amidst the insanity, Amelia walks over, looking the same as she always has. Unlike Blake's siblings, Amelia has opted to maintain her exact appearance from the real world, which baffles Blake even further.

"Now now, there's no need to tease your little brother." Amelia says, scolding Levi and Mandy both. "He's not used to how things work in the virtual world."

"Why do you look the same, mom?" Blake asks.

She shrugs. "I didn't feel the need to alter my appearance. I have enough identity issues without compounding onto them."

"Oh."

Levi smirks. "Nice nick, _xXSexyDarkBoi42Xx_."

"Oh come on!" Blake protests. "Every good name was already taken! This was the best I could get! What about you, huh??"

Levi's smirk widens. He points above his head, and for the first time, Blake realizes the word above his brother's head is the username he chose.

"What?! _DRAGON_?? Your username is _Dragon_?! Why do you get such a simple name?!"

"I joined the Queen Network way earlier than you." Levi says with a shrug. "My good luck, I suppose."

Blake snaps his gaze toward his sister. Her username is _Runemaster_.

And as for his mother? _Dark Queen_.

"GREAT! So I'm the only one stuck with a lousy username. This sucks."

"I'll pull some strings to get you a better username." Amelia offers. "I helped design the Queen Network, after all. I'm sure I can ensure my children get preferential treatment."

She pauses before chuckling to herself. "The way you made yourself look all macho... it reminds me of Jason Hiro, back in the day. He used to look like a skinny twig, but then he beefed himself up with his Wordsmithing. At the time I thought it felt disingenuous. Now I see it's pretty normal."

"Uncle Jason, huh?" Blake mutters to himself.

Amelia and her kids ultimately wander over to a nearby display terminal, one that shows all sorts of numbers and stats. Blake examines it for a minute, observing that it seems to show a list of usernames followed by a ranking from #1 all the way to the bottom of the heap. Additionally, the higher the rank, the more 'points' each user seems to have.

"There's a whole leaderboard system in play." Levi explains, batting her eyes cutely whenever she speaks as if to play up her female persona for shits and giggles. "See, the first-ranked user is Lord Henry, since he frequently joins the Queen Network to have a bit of fun. He has over fifty million points with an ELO of 4200."

"Uh. What's an 'ELO'?" Blake asks, worried the question might sound stupid.

"It's a general numerical ranking. People start with 800 points at default, and can go up or down based on who they match against." Mandy jumps in to explain. "I have an ELO of 3317, so I'm considered as being a high ranked user, but I'm nowhere near the top. If you win a fight against someone with a lower ELO than you, you'll be lucky to get one or two points added, but if you lose to a lower-ranked ELO user, then you'll lose a LOT of points. The same is true in the inverse, of course. Generally, most people try to battle against people with as close of an ELO to them as possible, though sometimes new users do join and start challenging high-rankers immediately."

Blake scratches his chin absentmindedly. "How is Lord Henry ranked number one? Aren't there Demon Emperors stronger than him? What about the Demon Deities or the High Psions?"

"Cosmics aren't allowed to participate in the Queen Network." Amelia explains. "Besides, their cosmic power would probably corrupt and ruin the network anyway. It's better if they keep their distance. Not that they'd want to join anyway; there's no challenge for them in fighting a bunch of weak little mortals."

"If they did join though," Levi jumps in, "there are different types of Leaderboards. Lord Henry is only ranked #1 in the singles 1v1 leaderboard. There are also 2v2s, Group Battles, Skirmishes, Battle Sims, and all kinds of other competitive and non-competitive simulation zones. Mom has worked hard to add new and exciting ways of letting people train their abilities. Perhaps we might someday add a Cosmic Battleground or something."

Amelia smirks. "Yeah. Maybe someday. You can add it yourself!"

A few minutes pass. Amelia glances at Blake a few times, as if to assess his strengths. Having trained all of her children in how to control their abilities, she's fairly confident she knows what the broad scope of their abilities are.

"Levi, you and Blake can train in a 1v1 battle to start. Mandy and I will watch from the spectator stands."

"Aw, but MOM!" Mandy protests, stomping her massive foot against the ground. "I wanted to push Blake around!"

"I know you did, but Blake is inexperienced." Amelia chides. "Levi is a better trainer. He'll take it easy on his little brother. _Right_, Levi?"

Levi giggles in a weirdly cute way and covers his mouth. "Oh, mommy, of course I will! You know me!"

"Stop acting cute. No traumatizing your brother." Amelia warns.

"Yeah, yeah, fine." Levi concedes, rolling his eyes.

Blake's right eye continuously twitches. Seeing his brother acting like a cute teenage girl has his brain all sorts of fucked up. He always believed Levi was a big, macho dude, but seeing this side of him has Blake questioning everything he thought he knew.

Moments later, Blake and Levi teleport into a dirt arena with overbearing heat pounding down on them, a brilliant sun in the sky, and tall rock pillars planted in the ground, many of them angled diagonally to various degrees. These towering pillars appear to have been naturally formed over the ages by erosion. Their bodies project huge shadows to shelter users from the heat.

Blake looks up at the sky, toward the scorching sun. "Wow, this simulation is realistic as hell. I'd never have guessed I wasn't really in a desert if I didn't remember entering the Queen Network."

"It's a bit of an unfair battlefield." Levi says, wrinkling his nose. "You're a shadow-master, right? Not many shadows around here. If I stay in the light, you won't be able to hurt me!"

Blake grimaces. "Don't take me for a weakling! I've trained with Solomon lots of times!"

Before Levi can retort, Blake abruptly disappears. He pops out of a nearby shadow behind the high point of a pillar, then pounces down at his brother from behind, conjuring a wispy shadow-knife that becomes less distinct when the sunlight hits it.

_Slash!_

Blake swipes at his brother, but Levi casually steps to the side and chortles.

"Nice try, dummy. You're not tricking me that easily. I know all your tricks."

_THUMP!_

Levi's fist drives into Blake's stomach, sending him flying away. Blake crashes into the dirt and skids twenty feet, tearing his skin to bits and making him roll around uncontrollably.

"Ugh! Guh... guhuk..."

He coughs out blood, feeling a sense of terror in his heart. Levi's strength is insane! It felt to Blake as if his brother hit him with a sledgehammer!

"Hey! LEVI! You little shit! I TOLD YOU to go EASY on Blake!" Amelia roars from a hovering spectator platform in the air. "Don't MAKE ME come down there, young man!"

Levi's smile instantly disappears. He looks up, then swallows heavily. "S-sorry, mother. I thought I pulled my punch-"

"I have eyes! Don't even TRY to wiggle out of this one. One more hit like that and I'll shove you back up where you came from!"

"Y-yes, mother." Levi says, his expression turning a little glum. He hurries over to Blake to help him up. "Hey, hey are you okay, little bro?"

Blake coughs painfully. The simulated pain in his stomach feels so real he wishes he could die. "I'm fuh-fine, fine..."

He stumbles to his feet, feeling weaker than he ever has before. Raised from birth to become a Hero like his father and siblings, Blake has always considered himself a powerhouse. Yet it is now that he realizes his physical capabilities really aren't that much better than a baseline human. If his brother had used his full draconic strength, he might have been pounded into meat paste.

"You can't just jump at me like that." Levi explains. "In a real battle, I'd have swooped in and finished you off. Use your head, bro. Your shadows are what you should fight with, not your flimsy little body."

Levi pauses.

"Maybe we should have you wear that new Spectre suit you got for your birthday."

"Nope!" Amelia says from above, her keen ears picking up on the conversation. "You just play defense, Levi. No T-REX shenanigans for now. Let your little brother see if he can knock you on your butt."

"Yes, mother." Levi says meekly, not daring to argue with her.

Once again, Levi and Blake take up battle stances. Blake starts teleporting around, firing shadow knives, shadow nets, and other items at his brother from afar. Each time, Levi handily breaks them, dodges them, or tanks the hit without feeling a thing.

Minutes pass. Blake becomes more and more frustrated as his paltry dark abilities fail to do anything to his brother's formidable body.

"This is so unfair!" Blake complains. "There's too much light in this arena! I can't use my shadows when they're this weakened!"

"No complaining." Mandy says from her spectator platform, next to Amelia's. Her deep masculine voice booms across the arena. "In the future, you'll fight enemies under even more unfair conditions than this. You have to adapt to the situation!"

Blake grimaces. How can he adapt? He can barely even make his brother flinch. The most his wimpy little shadow-attacks ever seem to amount to is a splash of water against the dragon's face.

Over and over, Blake tries to knock his brother down, or even make him stumble a bit. He keeps failing, and his despair reaches its apex.

"Goddammit Levi!" Blake finally wails, dropping to his knees in frustration. "Why are you so strong? Why did you get all the good powers?! My abilities SUCK! I can't do anything when there's light around, and who the hell wants to fight a battle in the darkness? I'm USELESS!"

Amelia frowns, watching from above. "Blake, don't say that. Shadow powers and darkness aren't 'useless.' They once happened to be my core power-set. You're just not using them correctly."

"Then HOW do I do better with them?!" Blake asks, looking up to his mother with a glimmer of hopefulness in his eyes.

"I... don't know. The 'concept' of your abilities is different from how mine used to work." Amelia says hesitantly. "Mine were a bit... punchier. My shadows weren't weakened much by light."

"Well mine ARE!" Blake howls again, feeling even more outraged. "This is so unfair. SO unfair!"

"Come on, Blake." Levi says, his girly and cutesy voice sounding aggravating to his brother's twitching ears. "Don't be like that. You just need to grow a bit more. My powers were a lot weaker when I was sixteen. Yours will surely improve over time!"

"That doesn't help me NOW!" Blake roars jumping to his feet. "All I need to do is knock you off your feet! That's all! I just need a push! I need the light to stop weakening me!"

Blake pauses.

He glances up at the scorching sun. Its omnipresent heat makes him feel miserable, hot, and sweaty. But at the same time, it is a source of seemingly limitless energy. Even if the star itself is fake, its conceptualization still exists in the simulation.

For several seconds, he remains silent.

_Why did I have to get stuck with crappy darkness magic?_ Blake rages inside his heart. _I could have had any power, but for some reason, I had to become a so-called 'master of shadows.' Some master I am! I'm no stronger than a Demon Lord! If only there was another way... a way to make my shadows... stronger..._

Blake's heart skips a beat.

He looks up at the sun, and somehow, the temperature seems to cool around him by a few degrees.

The sunlight warms his body.

It energizes him.

His breathing quickens as he slowly turns to look at his gloating brother. Despite Levi's look of 'sadness' at Blake's despair, it becomes obvious to Blake at a glance that his older brother is actually quite pleased at being able to stand strong. He seems to enjoy projecting his strength, even if he can't show it in front of Amelia.

_You're looking down on me._ Blake thinks, as his right eye starts to twitch. _But you won't look so damn smug if I knock you... flat... on your ass!_

The sunlight empowers Blake. His eyes flicker with a golden color, then he abruptly takes a heavy step toward Levi, stomps his foot down, and thrusts his hands forward, aiming both his palms at Levi.

_WHOOMPH!_

A blast of light fires out of Blake's hands, crosses the thirty-foot distance to Levi instantly, and slams into his chest.

_Thump!_

Levi flies backward and crashes onto his back, a dumbstruck look on his face.

"What?" Mandy cries.

"WHAT?!" Amelia exclaims, even louder. "Was that... light magic?!"

Blake stands, frozen. He stares with a look of delight at his brother's girly figure laying in the dirt. It takes three seconds before Levi picks himself up and looks at Blake, astonished. Blake's unexpected attack didn't hurt him at all, but it definitely startled him.

"Hey... Blake..." Levi says slowly. "You, what did you, I mean... how?"

"I don't know!" Blake shouts. "I just- I felt like my shadows were limiting me, so I reached into myself and... boom! I shot a light-blast! It was way stronger than my shadow-attacks too!"

Amelia and Mandy drop down out of the sky. They land beside Blake and evaluate him carefully.

"Light magic." Amelia says, having composed herself. "This... this is a strange development, Blake."

"I know, right?" Blake exclaims, grinning giddily. "Have you ever heard of someone wielding light and dark magic at the same time, mom?"

She nods seriously. "I have. Archangel Uriel could do it, after possessing the body of Barbatos. But... your new ability made me think of something else."

She glances at all three of her children, one by one.

"Levi. When you were born, your dad and I agreed to name you after my best friend, the last living dragon, Leviathan. You went on to gain draconian traits as you aged, making you resemble him in ways I never expected."

"Mandy. We named you after Hope and Jason's foster mother, Amanda. Your runecrafting powers didn't seem to come from anywhere in particular, but they did appear to form in response to your interactions with fairies over the years."

"And Blake. We named you after my companion later in life, Blaarjiim. He was an orb which granted me the power of darkness. It did not escape my notice that you, likewise, gained shadow-powers."

She pauses.

"But Blaarjiim had a brother. A companion orb named Hoarhiim. He was an orb that possessed the power of light. The two of them were inextricably linked. When Blaarjiim died, Hoarhiim followed not long after."

She crosses her arms and nods meaningfully at each of her children.

"Levi and Blake, for some reason, have inherited powers from the people we named them after. Levi gained the powers of a dragon, while Blake gained the powers of darkness, and now light as well. As for Mandy, her powers don't seem to have had any specific 'idea' behind them."

"What are you saying, mom?" Blake asks. "Is this good or bad?"

"It's... uncharted territory." Amelia says slowly. "You see, not long after you were born, Hope and I had a long talk with Solomon. The Knowledge-Seeker informed us of a hypothesis he was pursuing, and one that now seems to make sense, especially given the new ability you've just demonstrated."

She continues. "Solomon believes that all three of you are Trueborn Heroes. But this shouldn't be possible, because the only way to become a Trueborn Hero is by the previous Trueborn Hero _dying_, which would cause the Heroic Aura to pass on to another worthy human."

Levi, Mandy, and Blake all nod in unison. They've heard the explanation of the Heroic Aura many times from many different Heroes over the years.

"So how can we all be Trueborn, then?" Levi asks. "And what does that have to do with Blake's new control over light?"

"Well," Amelia answers, "Solomon's theory has several parts. He believes that with you, Hope and I had a strong 'conceptualization' in mind when we named you. Leviathan was my closest companion for millennia. I loved him dearly. So by naming you after him, I 'imagined' the traits of a dragon within you."

"Then, for Mandy, we didn't have any particular traits in mind when we named her. We only intended to honor Hope's foster mother. So, Mandy developed unique powers on her own."

"Then there's me." Blake says, looking at his mother with interest.

"Yes, you." Amelia affirms. "You were named after a shadow-orb, and gained shadow powers. But now you've also obtained light powers. Is that because Blaarjiim and Hoarhiim had linked powers that have now transposed themselves into you, or is it because you conceptualized a new usage of your powers? What exactly caused you to tap into the opposite of your existing shadow magic?"

Her question gives Blake pause. He remains silent for a few moments, touching his lip and looking down as he falls into thought.

"I'm not sure exactly. I just thought it was annoying that my shadows wouldn't work in the light, and that it would be so much better if I could make use of the light for my own purposes."

Mandy immediately chimes in. "That makes sense."

"It does?" Blake asks.

"Of course." Mandy replies, adopting a know-it-all attitude as she smugly smirks with her orcish face. "After all, what is darkness but the absence of light? Maybe you've never actually been a darkness manipulator. Maybe you're a light manipulator! Or maybe you've always been both, but mom just steered you toward a more limited path unintentionally."

"I'm sorry if I did." Amelia says, bowing her head contritely. "I'm just glad you've become stronger, sweetheart."

She pauses before continuing.

"Solomon hypothesized that human children who are born without the Flaw and later gain powers might be 'steered' toward a specific set of powers through Conceptualization. I wasn't sure if his words had any merit before, but we seem to have hit the bullseye two out of three times with you and Levi. Only Mandy differs, but it also seems to prove the rule."

Levi tilts his head. "Then... what about Daisy?"

"Jason's daughter?" Amelia asks, taken aback. "We... never really got to see what she was capable of. She was _taken_ from us too soon. But her powers seemed quite formidable. They included healing on par with Belial, telekinesis, and even summoning Titans."

"She wasn't named after anyone?" Levi asks.

"No. Neither was Timothy." Amelia says, before pausing to add, "I wonder if he'll develop powers next."

"I bet he will. But he's still super young." Mandy says. "Nobody can tell what abilities he'll get in due time. The problem is, if he stays in Realspace, we'll all be hundreds of years old before he turns sixteen. Who knows what the galaxy's situation will be like by that point?"

"I'm not sure why Phoebe is so wary of entering hypertime." Amelia mutters. "She'd make a lot more progress inside of it."

"Maybe Jason hasn't solved all the side effects?" Levi suggests. "She probably didn't want to go inside while she was pregnant. Or maybe she's worried it will affect Timothy negatively."

"Well, we turned out fine." Mandy says with a shrug. "We'll just have to see if we can convince Aunt Phoebe to take Timothy inside later."

...

The group continues to test Blake's new power, but unfortunately, all he seems to be able to do is make his eyes glow and fire off a bolt of light energy when he absorbs the light around himself. The concussive force is surprisingly strong, but unfortunately, it lacks penetrating and destructive power.

By the end of the training session, Blake feels a little better, but also a little worse.

"I gained a new ability, or at least a new understanding of my existing powers... but my 'light manipulation' sucks. What good is a shitty 'Light Punch'?"

"I can't help you with this aspect of your powers." Amelia says. "But we can talk to your dad later. I think King Arthur might be able to help you, since he was one of the most powerful Light Masters of all time. Maybe your father can lend you Excalibur."

Blake jumps in fright. "No, mom! I can't ask dad that! There's no way I'm worthy to wield Arthur's blade! It's too dangerous."

"You're advising caution?" Amelia scoffs. "And here I thought boys were supposed to be headstrong and reckless. Don't worry, I'll make sure everything is in order first. Let's head home and eat some food before we look for your dad."

Amelia leads her kids over to the exit point, but Blake pauses before they leave. "Wait, what about me fighting with Mandy? I've never seen her magic in action before!"

"You can do that later." Amelia says, waving her hand flippantly.

"We can." Mandy says with a nod. "Come on, Blake. I'm not much of a fighter, anyway. I'd only be embarrassing myself."

"Aww, man." Blake grumbles, falling into step behind the others.

As the family leaves the Queen Network, they pass by a familiar old man they saw earlier. The Mountain Hermit, Jeremiah, stands off to the side, looking at the scoreboard. He glances at Levi, mutters something under his breath, then saunters off, leaving Amelia and her kids scratching their heads.

"What's that about?" Blake asks.

Levi's expression changes. He quickly runs over to the scoreboard and scowls. "Bastard! He beat my Target Breaking record again! That slippery old fart always manages to squeeze out more points when I have my back turned!"

Mandy snorts. "Oh, you poor baby."