Part 488: Wordsmithing's Limitations

Despite the seriousness of the discussion so far, and despite Solomon's smooth words, Amelia sobers up and looks the old man right in his pair of spiritual eyes. She crosses her arms and frowns.

"Let's slow things down a bit, Solomon. Your explanations so far are certainly plausible, but I haven't forgotten that you can think ten or a hundred times faster than Hope and I. You're awfully good at spinning things the way you want them to be heard."

"I've spoken no lies." Solomon retorts.

"You don't need to tell a lie to make an answer biased." Amelia fires right back. "In fact, it's not what you've said so far that's bugging me. It's the fact that you didn't say it _sooner._"

Solomon holds up his hands helplessly. "My hands were tied. I took an oath never to reveal this information except to those who were worthy of knowing it."

"Yeah?" Amelia snarks. "That's awfully convenient. And how many other oaths have you taken? How many other things are you holding back and will you continue to hold back 'for our sake'? This information doesn't hurt us in any way to have known sooner, yet you're acting as if it was some grand puzzle, some game we had to figure out. Meanwhile, there could be dozens of potential Dark Heroes popping up under our noses, and if we had known sooner, we could have kept a closer eye on the situation."

The more Amelia talks, the less incredulous Hope becomes at all of the revelations Solomon uttered. He settles down and listens to his fiance driving pointed words into Solomon's chest, then crosses his arms and nods along to what she's saying.

"She's right, Solomon." Hope says. "You should have told us this sooner. Got any other fun secrets we should know about now? The way you keep stringing me along isn't cute. It's sketchy as hell. It makes me... not want to trust you."

"I have been keeping a close eye on the people of Tarus II." Solomon explains. "If any Dark Heroes had appeared, or anyone with malicious intent, I would have told you."

"Oh, isn't that just _dandy_ of you." Amelia says blandly. "And who knows when that could have been. Now that Hope and I know about Dark Heroes, we can take preventative measures, but if we found out a month or a year from now, we might have missed important signs or clues of evil happenings among humanity. I'm just wondering what other non-trivial information you're keeping from us, secrets that could screw us if they went south before we realized."

Solomon heaves a dramatic sigh. "I always tell you information on a need to know basis. If that does not engender your trust, Hope can always use his Wordsmithing to rip it out of my head. It's not as if I can stop him."

"I'm not so sure about that." Amelia says, her eyes narrowing. "Taking information from the mind and soul of the Knowledge-Seeker? It sounds like a losing proposition. I don't think Hope would have as much leverage as you claim. I bet if he did that, you could turn the tables on him pretty easily. You might even be laying a trap for him with your words as we speak."

"Always with the conspiracies." Solomon says, looking away with a distinct lack of interest.

"I'm not so sure it is a conspiracy in the first place." Amelia says, before changing the subject. "But enough about all of that. I don't really care about your fancy Order of Sages or whatever. I do have a lot of questions about it, though."

"Ask, and I shall answer." Solomon says, returning his gaze to the former Black Queen.

"You said your order hunted down Dark Heroes." Amelia points out. "And you also said you failed to kill Dracula. What happened to him? What happened to his artifact?"

"That is an unsolved mystery." Solomon answers. "We were never able to locate Dracula's artifact. Due to how closely he worked with the Hell of Blood, we believed they had acquired his artifact. However, upon Jason waking me in this far future hellscape, I came to realize that shouldn't be the case. I doubt the Hell of Blood would have Dracula's artifact at their disposal, yet be as weak as they are. I have to surmise his artifact was either destroyed by someone else, or taken by someone else..."

"Like the Volgrim?" Hope asks.

"I did think it was them at first..." Solomon mutters, "but we've acquired what I presume are all of the artifacts the Volgrim took from humanity, and Dracula is not among them. Either Unarin kept a few relics somewhere secret, or a different actor acquired the Dark Hero for their own uses."

"Who else could it be?" Amelia asks. "If not the demons or the Volgrim, then...?"

"The monsters are prime suspects." Solomon says. "Fairies. Orcs. Goblins. There could be a random Troll somewhere in one of the Hells fiddling around with Dracula's artifact for all we know. Wordsmithing can't locate artifacts, so we don't have a way to search, either."

"You think a Troll is using one of the most infamous figures in human history as a toy?" Amelia asks pointedly.

"No. Just giving an example." Solomon says. "I still think the Volgrim have Dracula's artifact. If not them, then it may have been destroyed when they glassed Earth."

"Let's hope it has." Hope says, before chuckling to himself. "No pun intended."

Amelia smiles for an instant at her fiance's self-referential pun before schooling her expression again.

"Alright, let's focus on other things. My next question is in regards to the... treatment of Lowborn Heroes. Why weren't they ever given genuine Heroic Artifacts?"

"The angels could not detect the ascension of normal humans to Lowborn Heroes." Solomon explains. "They could only detect when a new Trueborn Hero had reached his or her age of maturity. Camael could, of course, look into the future, but she was not capable of divining every little event, and following the War in Heaven, her powers waned. She had lost too much Holy Energy, and as such chose to only look for important celestial events, such as who the next Trueborn would be, as well as what artifact to craft for them."

Solomon gestures vaguely to his left at nothing in particular.

"Take my Crown, for instance. Camael had made it long, long before I was ever born. However, she did not originally make the Crown for me, specifically. She merely divined what my broad abilities might entail, and thus went back to 'fine-tune' the Crown for me. When I came of age, she passed it to me from the heavens above, allowing me to step into my role as a Heroic King."

Solomon shrugs. "But she only had so many artifacts. Now that you've comprehended how many Heroes there are, can you understand why she only focused on crafting or adjusting artifacts to fit the strongest Heroes?"

Hope blinks. "The strongest Heroes? Hold on, you've just made me wonder... were there ever any Lowborn who were as strong as Trueborn heroes?"

"Ah! Now that is a good question." Solomon says, nodding his head sagely. "There were not many such cases, but there certainly were such cases. One such example was Blade Dancer Karla, a Lowborn who was born an ordinary daughter of Emperor Yang Guang. He was a despot, a tyrannical madman who she eventually rose to overthrow."

Solomon continues. "Karla obtained the gift of ascension by happenstance and ultimately slew her father with her newfound abilities. She was not stronger than the Trueborn Hero of that particular generation, but she _was_ stronger than plenty of the Trueborn who came before and after. She was one of dozens of Lowborn who achieved great feats, but even she did not obtain the gift of a Camael-forged divine artifact."

"Karla." Hope repeats, making a mental note to try and remember her name. "I guess obtaining a relic wasn't terribly important. Jason and I are doing just fine without relics of our own, as should be plainly obvious. But that also makes me want to know: Are Dark Heroes even a threat to us now? We're Wordsmiths. Surely we can just... stomp them into meat paste with our magic if they become a threat."

Solomon frowns disapprovingly. He looks at Hope as if the young man had just babbled baby-like nonsense.

"Use your head! Do you think the title of 'enemy to humanity' comes only in the form of some fool slinging fireballs at random civilians or a mere cold-blooded murderer? Enemies to humanity can come in a thousand different forms. I'll bet Jason even thinks of killing Neil every once in a while. Neil's goals diametrically oppose Jason's, so in that respect, Jason could see Neil as a 'threat' worth eliminating."

"But killing Neil would piss off Hope." Amelia points out.

"And?" Solomon questions. "Are you saying that if Hope suddenly died and Jason was the sole Wordsmith left in existence, there would be nothing stopping him from killing Neil?"

Amelia and Hope exchange a glance. The Wordsmith chews his lower lip as he returns his gaze to Solomon.

"Well... Jason's a relatively kind guy. I can't see him just killing Neil like that..."

"You've identified one possible barrier. The moral one." Solomon patiently explains. "But there are so many more that would impede Jason's desire to kill Neil. Think of the enemies Jason would make if he killed the man. Neil's death might turn him into a martyr. People would question Jason, wondering if he were truly worth following. They might start to ponder Neil's philosophy more closely, and that would be truly dangerous. Killing a man is one thing, but killing an _idea_? Many have tried, but few have succeeded."

"So, killing a Dark Hero would probably be harder." Hope concedes. "Since they'd have magic and stuff."

"Yes. _Magic and stuff._" Solomon groans, resisting the urge to facepalm. "Imagine a random soldier who obtains the ability to grow plants and vegetables. Sounds harmless, right? Maybe this person starts off by doing good deeds, endearing people to him. Then one day, he decides that the demons aren't so bad. He starts influencing people to stand up for demonic rights or other such nonsense."

Solomon leans forward. "What then? Can you just kill him?"

Hope and Amelia's expressions both become gloomy.

"No..." Hope mutters. "He's become a popular figure. You'd have to, I dunno, undermine him, or something. Make people turn against him."

"And that, my boy, is why the Consortium of Sages existed." Solomon says. "If killing the bastard is all it takes, these matters could be solved easily, if not cleanly. But it's never as easy as plunging a dagger into a back. No, you have to take care of all the externalities, plan the victim's demise carefully, think about how to undo the damage they've wrought... and in Dracula's case, the damage was permanent. He brought vampires and werewolves into existence! We've never been able to put that genie back in the metaphorical bottle."

"It truly isn't easy to take care of a Dark Hero then." Amelia acknowledges. "But before, didn't you say you would find a way to give me my powers back so I could hunt these potential evildoers? Why bother when we have Hope here? He can just Wordsmith me new abilities, right?"

Solomon falls silent.

He remains unmoving for a few moments, frowning as he evaluates Amelia's physical condition.

"It's... not that simple. I've long suspected that Wordsmithing is not as convenient as Hope and Jason think it is. You can't just pull infinite power from nowhere."

"It's always felt pretty convenient to me." Hope protests. "I can give myself the ability to read minds easily. I can teleport around, terraform planets... granted, I need a lot of mana to do some things, and Jason nearly killed himself from over-exertion once, but those limits are pretty soft."

Solomon appears unconvinced.

"I doubt you've stress-tested your abilities adequately over the years, Hope. Have you ever used your Wordsmithing to bequeath a power on another person for a long period of time?"

"I... no? I can't say I have." Hope mutters. "You mean like granting someone telepathy?"

"Right. Like telepathy. But I'm not talking about doing so for a day or two. I mean giving that power to them with the expectation it will be a permanent ability in their arsenal."

"Well. Now that you mention it... not really." Hope says, suddenly feeling embarrassed at this huge gap in his knowledge base. "I know Jason has been allowing demons and humans to redeem permanent power-ups for Merit Tokens. Emperor Gorn even took him up on that deal, right?"

"The price is pretty high." Amelia says. "It's like a thousand Merit Points or some other ludicrous number. Not at all cost-effective for anyone but Demon Emperors."

"And that presents a... problem." Solomon says slowly. "The only people Jason has actually empowered so far are Demon Emperors. Beings with extremely hardy bodies, minds, and souls."

"It's pretty screwed up he's giving them boosts." Hope says, nodding.

"No, I'm not talking about the morality of the situation." Solomon clarifies. "I'm talking about the previous subject, empowering ordinary humans with your Wordsmithing."

Solomon reaches out and rests his spiritual palm on Hope's shoulder. "Young man, pretend for a moment that you granted your fiance here all of the powers she once lost. Darkness manipulation, a mighty body, and so on. What long term effects could that have on her?"

"I have no idea." Hope admits.

"Right, and neither do I." Solomon says. "We know Jason empowered Phoebe's body to give her superhuman strength. The Body Booster is one of his inventions that empowers people through a mixture of Wordsmithing and general-purpose magic. Interestingly, the people who've subjected themselves to this magic have shown no adverse reactions."

"So... Wordsmithing someone's body permanently is fine?" Hope questions.

"There are inherent limits to every person. One thing you may not have realized is that the Body Booster facility on Tarus II has strict limits for how many times people can use it. It makes people far stronger than they were before, but it does so in 'doses'. People can only increase their strength or their senses a few times, and each dosage of magic must ensure they don't go over their biological limitations."

Solomon gestures to Amelia.

"Your fiancé is, not to be rude, an ordinary female human. Women are inherently weaker than men in the physical department, at least on average, so the maximum strength they can wield is also lower. It's obvious when the body is reaching its maximum potential, but what about a person's mind or soul?"

Hope's eyes light up with recognition.

"Ah! So... you think magic is limited by someone's soul-power?"

"I don't think so, I know so." Solomon proclaims. "If you were to uplift Amelia's abilities, you would have to keep in mind she is not the same Amelia who died on Solaris. She has an ordinary body now, and perhaps an ordinary mind and soul. I doubt she can wield the same powers she previously did."

Amelia coughs. "I'd appreciate it if you two didn't yap about me like I'm not standing right here."

"Right." Solomon says apologetically, pulling away from Hope. "The problem is, we've not conducted any genuine experiments on the transhuman capabilities your Wordsmithing can unleash. Jason's Body Boosters aren't good enough. Unless Amelia wants to become a guinea pig, I would advise against 'bolting' powers onto her soul willy-nilly."

"So what's the solution then?" Amelia asks. "Can YOU give me powers, old man?"

"I don't know." Solomon admits. "I've never deliberately tried to ascend a normal human to the rank of Lowborn. The fact it happens naturally means it should be possible if I spend a bit of time on the subject."

Hope scratches his cheek. "That reminds me... why didn't any Lowborn arise in the 100,000 years Jason was inside his cryopod?"

"I covered that already." Solomon says. "Humans don't ascend at random. They need to have their spiritual powers stimulated, or perhaps 'jolted.' Typically, coming into contact with a Heroic Aura is what can cause an ascension. I should also mention it's rather strange that Daisy ascended, since the children of Heroes almost never become Heroes themselves. It's not as if magical power runs in the blood. High spiritual potential is effectively a random mutation in the human genome."

"But you said that humans using Jason's new Power Glove were keeping the abilities afterward." Amelia points out. "So... couldn't humans who interacted with fairies and demons on the regular just as easily ascend?"

"Interacting with other species isn't the same as transforming into them and using their powers yourself." Hope answers. "But also, Jason and I are around now, so maybe just coming into contact with our Heroic Auras gave these people the basic ability to ascend, and the Power Gloves accelerated that transition."

Solomon nods approvingly. "I would have said about the same thing. In any case, the details don't matter much. Humans are beginning to ascend to the rank of Lowborn, and we must be prepared for the almost guaranteed eventual rise of Dark Heroes. The Demon Emperors will certainly recognize the potential in these figures and will look to sow discontent wherever they can."

Solomon directs his full attention to Amelia.

"Well? What do you think about being inducted into the Consortium? Have I allayed your fears by now? Or do you still want to grill me with more questions?"

Amelia scrunches up her face, looking displeased.

"I don't know. To be honest, I don't like you, Solomon. I also don't trust you in the slightest."

"Trusting me isn't what I asked." Solomon says calmly. "If you value your ties to the human species, joining the Consortium will mean taking a pledge to protect humanity, even from dissident elements like me. Imagine if I were truly working against humanity's best interests. It would be your job to kill me."

"Well, isn't that convenient." Amelia says blandly, crossing her arms. "And of course, by speaking this possibility, you make it seem like it would never happen. Nobody would be so stupid as to voice the possibility they fear most, so you _must_ be a totally trustworthy guy. Right, Solomon?"

The Knowledge-Seeker heaves a sigh. "Believe me or don't. It's up to you. I don't know where your intense distrust comes from. I've explained myself as best as I possibly could."

"Excluding the fact that you held information from us, and are almost assuredly still doing so." Amelia bites back. "Besides. I kind of have a thing against Heroes. You know, because of _Joan._"

"It's a shame we lost the Sword from Heaven." Solomon remarks. "Would be nice to wave it around once in a while and calm you down."

"Alright, alright, you two." Hope says, intervening before their spat gets any uglier. "Solomon, I think we've heard enough. Thanks for giving me more info, but I have to agree with Amelia. Your lack of honesty is killing our relationship. I don't know if I can trust someone who habitually holds important information back from me 'for my safety.' And at this point, even if you change your ways and start putting me in the loop without my input, I won't know if you're telling me the whole story."

Hope shakes his head. "I just can't work with someone I can't trust. From now on, I'm not putting your Crown on until you show some sincerity."

Solomon frowns. "Hope, my boy, you're taking this too personally. I only wanted to see if you would-"

"I don't want to hear your excuses." Hope says raising his palm. "No more. I'll continue learning about the Heroes in here. I'll continue my training... but for now, I'm going to also start working on my own goals. I'd like to be at least a _little_ more ambitious, moving forward."

Solomon nods slowly. "Right. A little more ambitious. I... see..."

Hope and Amelia say their goodbyes, then they turn and head out of the library, leaving Solomon behind.

The Knowledge Seeker's expression faintly shifts to one of anger.

"...Arrogant little bitch. She's twisting that boy's ear and bending him to her whims. Now she's turned him against me."

Solomon rubs his chin.

"Nothing worse than when a plan gets ruined because some woman decided to spread chaos at random."

He turns around and resumes his work, continuing to build his master library, a storage of knowledge that will someday surely shake the cosmos...