Part 634: Annoying Archseer

**[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8Q42ODfd7Q)**

January 21st, 2021. 5AM.

Belial raced toward the elevator, the Archseer hot on her trail. With less than twenty paces separating them, the only way the young Hero could catch up to her was when she was momentarily slowed by trapdoors slamming shut in front of her, but she still blew through them as if they were made of Styrofoam.

Belial tore toward the elevators, stabbed her hands out, and shoved her fingers into the gap between the doors. She ripped the elevator open with contemptuous ease, retracted her arms to yank herself forward, and slammed against the elevator car's wall. Hardly had her body impacted it before she smashed her feet against the floor, leaped upward, and pounded through the ceiling. Her impact broke the chain attaching the elevator to the shaft, causing the elevator car to plummet downward into the depths of the Haven's bottom levels. It struck the shaft's bottom with a distant _boom_, but Belial ignored it.

"Shit! The elevator! You idiots, she's getting away! Stop her!" Jason shouted. He arrived at the entrance to the elevator and shook his fist up at Belial as she rapidly climbed the walls, pouncing from side to side while scaling the shaft far faster than the elevator would have taken her to the top. "Face me if you dare, you cowardly demon!"

Belial didn't bother responding. She couldn't believe what a loudmouthed idiot this newest Trueborn was. All that yelling, declarations about how amazing he was, and constantly shouting out his heroic moniker... wasn't he afraid he'd die from embarrassment? Belial certainly felt a painful level of secondhand cringe radiating off him. It had been ages since Belial could recall a more pathetic hero than this Jason fellow. If they came to blows, didn't he realize she'd kill him with a single slap??

_Whatever._ Belial thought, as she raced past the fifth, fourth, and third floors. _He doesn't matter now! I need to escape and rendezvous with the others. Then we need to assess how the new Trueborn's powers work. He's weak now, but that might not be the case in the future!_

Belial's demonic senses picked up Jason's Heroic energy beneath her. He slowly moved toward what she assumed was a stairwell and started moving upward, but at the snail's pace he was ascending, she'd be long gone before he made it to the top level.

Seconds later, Belial reached the top of the elevator shaft. She punched through the elevator door, then spotted a group of Illuminati soldiers aiming rifles at her from the end of the corridor.

_Blat-blat-blat!_

Bullets flew at her before she could react. Belial grimaced as some of the bullets bit into her toughened Emperor skin and glanced off, but a few others found purchase and sunk into her flesh, drawing blood in their wake.

"Rrrgh!" Belial grunted, before narrowing her eyes, slimming down her body, and turning sideways to present the humans with an impossibly slender profile. Just like that, all the bullets started missing as the humans lost the target they were shooting at. Belial's body became so rail-thin that the humans might as well be shooting at a quarter-inch fence post!

The humans continued firing, but Belial shimmied toward them, bending her body left and right to make herself even harder to hit. The soldiers maintained discipline, but all of them flinched when Belial snapped her freakishly skinny fist out, punched their commander's chest, and sent him slamming backward into the wall behind him. Seconds later, all the men and women laid on the ground, coughing and crying as their injured bodies lay humbled in Belial's shadow.

Belial re-inflated herself back to normal size, then healed her injuries before racing forward. She broke out of the entryway and arrived at the underground Haven's exit, right out in the open, where an unknown but assuredly high number of snipers would surely be waiting for her. Unfortunately for the humans, the other demons had not remained idle. Lucifer stood on all fours in their midst, grinning like a feral animal with her shark-like maw. She swiveled her head from side to side. Her third eye fired mighty concussive blasts that slammed into walls and detonated with the force of missiles, blasting humans apart and spraying their entrails all over the place.

Bael leaped into the fray, grinning with a childlike expression of joy. "Finally! I was gonna die of boredom if I had ta' wait any longer! C'mon humans, gimme a good fight!!"

Murmur levitated in the sky. Using her telekinesis, she was a practiced flier who was equally adept at ground and sky combat. She pointed her finger at the humans and made minimal movements while throwing them around and sending them flying.

"Poke. Poke." Murmur said quietly. Nobody heard the words muttered under her breath.

Abby worked hard to distract the humans. She conjured illusions in their minds, making them think even more demons had arrived and an army was on the way. Some of the weaker-willed soldiers mentally broke. They ran away screaming in terror, while others started blindly firing at anything Abby directed their attention toward, which unfortunately included their fellow humans.

Belial didn't spot Gressil and Ose, but that was to be expected. They were only Barons, but Ose might not have returned to her body yet, and Gressil was clearly weak in the ways of battle.

Belial paused for half a second. She frowned.

_Why did the Hero say that Ose and Gressil were the primary targets?_

She didn't have time to answer that question. Lucifer suddenly screamed as a bullet fired from one of the sniper towers struck her head, just at the edge of her third eye, and blinded her with pain. She stumbled away, clutching her forehead as she tried to find the one who shot her.

"You!!" Lucifer screeched.

Belial looked where Lucifer's gaze was directed. She was astonished to see a previously cloaked Heroic energy signature emerge. A man wearing a Japanese nekomimi mask stood atop the tower, his sniper rifle aimed at Lucifer.

_BLAM!_

The man's sniper rifle was huge, seemingly unwieldy, but he held it with practiced ease. A single shot rang out, and a bullet flew into Lucifer's open mouth, jamming in the back of her throat and causing her to stagger backward, gagging painfully as the bullet somehow perfectly slid down and lodged in the narrowest crevice within her trachea. Lucifer's eyes bulged. She grabbed at her throat and wheezed, stumbling about in a daze as waves of pain grew ever more intense.

Belial didn't need time to contemplate the situation. She had fought countless battles across her life. She snapped her arm out and grabbed onto a pipe attached to the wall. She tore it off and casually sharpened it by turning her thumb into a knife and swiping diagonally across its shaft. In a single second, she procured a makeshift javelin, and then proceeded to hurl it at the Hero with every ounce of demonic power she could muster.

Cat Mask was, without a doubt, a far bigger threat than the still-green young Hero down below. Jason Hiro was no trouble at all compared to the danger demonstrated by his older peer. Cat Mask's pinpoint accuracy showed he could threaten the Emperors, at least injuring them enough to cause some misery.

Belial could not treat him with the same kid gloves she had his younger comrade!

The javelin raced at Cat Mask. With his attention on Lucifer, there was no way he could react in time.

But he did.

Cat Mask never took his eyes off the Emperor of Providence. Yet, even as Belial started to hurl the javelin, he had already slightly re-angled his body. When Belial launched her makeshift weapon, Cat Mask subtly adjusted his standing position enough for the javelin to whiff past his left ear. It missed him by less than a millimeter, making Belial's eyes widen to the size of saucers as the javelin sailed miles into the distance, never to be seen again.

_He dodged?!_

That was impossible! How could he have seen the attack coming and formulated the perfect response in a single second?

Several possible answers appeared in her head.

He was like her, with an impossibly flexible body.

He was a speedster who could move and react to the world around him with impossible timing.

He was a _precog_ who could see the future.

Maybe even Jason Hiro gave him information on Belial. There was his Heroic title... _Archseer_. It was such a specific word. It implied some form of prophetic power... was that possible?

Belial didn't have time to ponder what Cat Mask's inhuman dodging capabilities meant. His gun snapped in her direction and he fired.

Despite her shock, Belial still reacted without hesitation. Her body 'exploded', splitting apart in fifteen different directions as if a bomb had gone off inside her chest. She instantly became a writhing mass of poorly-attached body parts; impossible for any human to predict their movements.

_RIIIP!_

The bullet tore through Belial's heart. Her 'impossible to predict' movement patterns were instantly seen through, and she coughed blood as the bullet passed through her vital organ.

"Ugh!!"

Belial quickly reformed her body. She pressed her palm against her chest to heal her injury, but her speed slowed as a result.

At that moment, Bael leaped into the air. He jumped at the sniper tower where Cat Mask stood, Big Bonk swinging overhead in a downward arc.

"Hey fucko, pick on a fella yer own size!" Bael roared.

The Duke of Pain slammed Big Bonk down into the sniper tower, smashing it into rubble. He grinned, knowing he had just felled another Hero.

At that moment, just to Lucifer's right...

_Foop!_

Cat Mask reappeared!

Belial's heart stopped. She looked at him in horror.

Lucifer also sensed the threat. Still unable to breathe, she shakily turned to face him, only to see the butt of his rifle hurtling toward her face.

_Thump!!!_

Cat Mask bashed the Emperor of Providence with all his strength, pulverizing her nose and sending her flying. She crashed into the Haven's wall and broke through it, leaving Belial's jaw gaping.

_Enhanced strength?! Seven Hells, he hits almost as hard as me! Just who is this Hero? And was that teleportation he used, or was it super-speed?!_

Cat Mask snapped his head toward Belial.

_Foop!_

He teleported again, appearing before the Emperor of Passion while swinging his weapon at her.

But Belial was ready. She snapped her fist at his face.

_Foop!_

He teleported again, dodging the attack!

Belial's counter attack whiffed, leaving her exposed for half a breath. Her reward was a violent impact to the back of her head, sending her sprawling to the ground.

Still injured from the bullet to her heart, Belial hadn't quite healed back to her optimal state, and that strike to the back of her head fully convinced her... this Hero was no joke! Cat Mask was terrifying!

"Buh-BAEL!!" Belial coughed.

Cat Mask teleported again. But this time, he didn't appear with his weapon raised to strike Belial. Instead, he struck at... nothing?

Cat Mask swung his gun like an idiot, whiffing the empty air. He stumbled slightly and looked confused, only to shake his head and look around, spotting Belial once more.

_What was that? Why did he attack nothing? Could it be... Abby?_ Belial deduced.

Still injured, and more than a little dazed, Belial gritted her teeth. She leaped to her feet, dodging when Cat Mask swung again. This time, she focused solely on survival. She couldn't afford to counter-attack when facing this unknown Trueborn and expose a weakness again, not while she was injured. She didn't have time to heal herself, and Lucifer's status was unknown.

Bael finally arrived. Having recovered from failing to kill the Trueborn, he appeared madder than ever. He swung Big Bonk in a wide arc, causing the multi-ton flail to smash into several surviving human troopers, shredding their bodies into meaty chunks. The flail blew through the bathroom walls and shattered the structure into powder before arcing around to fly at Cat Mask and Belial.

The Emperor of Passion jumped. She leaped into the air to avoid the incoming attack, but Cat Mask simply bent backward at the waist as if he were doing a limbo dance. The deadly flail's chain passed over his chest harmlessly, and Cat Mask pivoted his gun to aim up at Belial.

_BLAM!_

A bullet fired from the barrel and flew at her. Her eyes shrunk to pinpricks, and she twisted in midair to try to avoid it, but the damn thing instead tore through her stomach as if it were paper, ripping out her entrails and badly injuring her again!

"Ah!" Belial half-choked, half-gasped. She fell to the ground and struck the concrete like a sack of potatoes, writhing in pain as she struggled to draw breath.

The human's gun couldn't shoot very quickly. It had a long reload requirement, and it was huge and unwieldy, but in return it made for an excellent makeshift club in close-quarters combat, and its piercing power was ungodly! Even her hardened Emperor skin and bones offered no protection from the rifle's bullets.

Bael retracted Big Bonk. He glowered for a split second at the human laying on his back, but then Cat Mask shoved himself off the ground and performed a makeshift backflip by using the butt of his gun as an anchor against the floor.

Just when Belial thought the situation couldn't get any worse, Cat Mask snapped his fingers.

Jason Hiro suddenly appeared right beside him.

Belial's eyes widened.

Not just self-teleportation, but the teleportation of others? They'd been played!

Jason Hiro laughed uproariously. "Hahaha, not bad, dad! You did well teaching these pathetic demons a lesson, but I guess that's to be expected. They aren't sending their best! Just a bunch of weaklings!"

"Hey!" Bael roared, his attention refocusing on the scrawny little Trueborn who dared to mouth off in front of him. "What'd you say punk? You wanna have a go??"

"So what if I do? A mere Duke thinks himself my equal?" Jason asked in a rather flamboyant manner. "My dad already beat the asses of two Emperors. You're no threat to me, Duke of Pain! I know all your abilities! I'm the Archseer, HAHAHA!!"

While Jason ran his yap, Belial hurriedly healed herself. She continued to lay on the ground while allowing Bael to draw the Hero's attention.

_God, his voice is so grating!_ Belial thought. _What an annoying loudmouth! But at least his idiocy is buying me a little time... and it seems Cat Mask is his father? That confirms Ose's guess from before!_

Bael charged at the two Heroes without regard for his own safety. Given his invincible body, Jason and Cat Mask were unlikely to seriously injure, let alone kill him. Thus, he did the smartest thing an idiot like him could come up with and drew their attention by charging in.

Belial climbed to her feet. She had finally healed all her injuries, but her battle intent had fallen dramatically. Even with Bael assisting her, she didn't think they could easily kill both Heroes. Maybe the boy, but...

[Belial. You and Bael need to leave.] Ose suddenly said, her voice transmitting from somewhere nearby. Belial could vaguely sense her presence, but she wasn't sure where she was.

"Huh? Right now?" Belial asked.

[My mother is out of commission. She fainted from lack of air. Murmur retrieved her body. Right now, Gressil and Abby are carrying me to safety while I send my Astral Form back to you. There are many humans on the way. Get out of there while you still can!]

Belial's expression darkened. If Abby, Ose, and Gressil had left along with Murmur and Lucifer, than she was left behind with only Bael to offer protection.

Now she definitely didn't think the two of them could win. Bael might not die, but it was certainly possible to pin him down, ensnare him, maybe even incapacitate and imprison him. That would be a huge blow to demonkind's fighting power.

"Bael!" Belial shouted. "We need to go!"

Belial turned to look at Bael. She stared in shock as the so-called Archseer took Bael on without Cat Mask's help. Despite clearly lacking the strength to inflict any real damage on the Duke of Pain, Jason wielded his bo staff with alarming competency. He spun it around himself, striking Bael's ears and eyes, slapping it against Bael's ass in a humiliating manner, and batting away Bael's hands and arms when the powerful Duke drew too close.

"Dammit! Ow, fuck, you little shit! Ow!" Bael bellowed, wincing as another end of the staff struck his ear and slightly dazed him. "You fucker! C'mere, brat! Ugly duckling! OWW!!"

The young man held his own. Belial couldn't help but look at him in a daze. His movements were fast and fluid. He fought like a seasoned warrior, proving that while he might speak like an idiot, he had the combat acumen to back up his words.

"What's the matter? Can't land a hit on me?" Jason jeered, taunting Bael mercilessly. "That's because I'm the great Archseer! I can see the future, and none of the upcoming timelines involve you winning! Just give it up and beg daddy for mercy, you fat bastard!"

Bael's angry words slowed down. He started speaking less and less as fear started to mix into his rage.

He remembered a time, long long ago.

A time when another warrior, far more capable in battle techniques than him, broke his body, his mind, and his spirit.

That man's name was _Jepthath_, the Illuminator.

Bael never forgot the horror he felt when Jepthath disassembled him, beating him down not with strength, but superior melee techniques.

This kid... he had a shadow of that ancient monster in him!

Bael felt as if his most feared rival had returned from beyond the grave. The Duke of Pain lacked a robust enough vocabulary to describe just how terrified it made him feel to be unable to touch a hair on such a seemingly puny Hero's head.

Jason was weak. His strikes only hurt Bael when they struck his most sensitive areas, and even those hurt about as much as a man flicking a child's ear. It stung a little, but the sensation only intensified Bael's fear, because he couldn't even reflect that paltry level of pain back at his younger adversary.

After a particularly brutal strike struck Bael's eyes, he suddenly jumped backward and rubbed his face. His vision cleared up, and he looked at the young man in horror.

"Nah... NAH! I ain't- I ain't doin' this! Screw you, man, SCREW YOU!"

Bael turned and ran. He rushed past Belial, and she only recovered a moment later to see Jason and Cat Mask charging at her.

"The demons are escaping!" Jason shouted. "Let's at least kill this one!"

Belial reacted. She darted away, chasing after Bael into the forest.

At the same time, a figure suddenly flickered past her. All Belial saw was a blur of white as something raced at Jason and slammed into his chest, kicking him backward and sending him flying!

"Ugh!!"

Jason coughed as he crashed into the wall and sunk to the ground, his chest crying out in pain.

There, an unlikely savior appeared. Ose, the Baron of Infiltration, stood between the Heroes and her seniors.

"Run!" Ose shouted back at Belial. "Take Bael and go. I'll hold them off!"

No longer in her Astral Body, Ose arrived back on the scene ready to fight with her full physical strength. She focused her attention on both Heroes, and Belial only hesitated for a second before nodding and continuing to run.

"They're after YOU, Ose!" Belial shouted back. "Don't take any risks!"

Ose narrowed her eyes.

"I know." She muttered under her breath.

By now, some of the human soldiers had managed to pick themselves back up. Reinforcements would arrive from abroad, and others would emerge from underground.

It wouldn't be long before the situation turned completely hopeless.

Even so, Ose sneered.

"Cat Mask and the Archseer, huh?" Ose hissed. "Father and son? Let's see if you're as scary as you seem."

Jason pulled himself to his feet and clutched his injured chest. "D-dad! It's Ose! She's the one! You have to take her down!"

Cat Mask nodded.

"My son thinks you're demonkind's greatest asset. Says he saw a future where your powers brought humanity to ruin. Too bad you came here to die early. Now your wretched species won't survive to witness that future."

Ose chuckled.

"We'll see about that, _Heroes._"