Part 443: Assembling a Team

_North-side of the Fortress of Retribution. Tarus II._

Half a dozen men and women, including two demons, walk toward a certain newly-built installation on the northern side of Tarus II's biggest city. This facility, referred to by most people as the Queen Network, is one of humanity's newest inventions. Created by a small cabal of Fairies, run by Blinker, and dreamed up in the head of Amelia Greyheart, it was ultimately named in the former Black Queen's honor.

On this particular day, the group of humans and demons arrives in front of the Queen Network and gazes up at a massive system of artificially-grown trees, each one glowing with an aura of magical energy. These huge conifers tower hundreds of feet in the air. They twist around each other to form a seemingly random-at-first-glance interlinking of branches, but upon closer inspection are actually part of a giant Nature Formation capable of linking minds and souls together for lengthy periods of time.

Around the Queen Network, a giant wall of barbed vines grows from the ground to form a light defensive perimeter, not one intended to seriously deter any malicious actors, but one that provides a certain aura of beauty to the perimeter while also outlining the boundary where observers should stand.

"Wow!" One of the two demons, a male, says. "This is my first time seeing it up close! I didn't realize how huge the Glow Trees were from a distance!"

One of his female-human companions nods. "I've been waiting five days for our appointment. The ticket queue is getting longer all the time! Everyone says this place can grant all sorts of benefits to those who undergo its trials."

"So you've never been here before?" The demon asks.

"Nope. I'm really looking forward to it though."

"Same."

The group of six walks up to the front gate, where they find a pompous-looking green-haired fairy woman sitting on a stool, her legs crossed, as well as her arms. She glances at the newcomers with a look of disdain while casually chewing a huge wad of gum. Her lips smack together as she loudly rolls the gum between her teeth.

"Ah..." The male demon says. "Fairy Princess Melia. You look as lovely as a mid-summer's-"

"Tickets." The fairy says, abruptly cutting him off mid-sentence in between her lip-smacks. "Or leave. I'm not interested in listening to a _man_ speak."

One of the female humans quickly steps forward. "Here are our tickets, Princess Melia. We've been in the queue for five days now. I hope we can enter the simulation... expediently."

She starts to hold out the tickets, but before her hand can even fully raise, Melia snatches them away, gives them a cursory glance, then burns them with fire magic.

"Go inside." She growls. "Your cycle starts in ten minutes. Saria will explain the rules."

The group of six hurriedly nods and offers a few awkward words of thanks before shuffling through the gate. After they walk out of earshot range, they glance at each other.

"Damn. That Melia is... kind of a _bitch_." The male demon whispers.

"Well. She created the formation that the Queen Network is built on. Maybe she's just tired and cranky?" One of the humans offers.

"Yeah. Pft. Maybe that's it."

As they walk away, Melia rolls her eyes. She easily picks up on their conversation thanks to her enhanced hearing, but ignores their comments.

A few moments later, a figure flickers into existence beside her.

"Melia." Blinker says, the redheaded fairy scowling at her green-haired compatriot. "Must you be so rude to every visitor? Some of them are my friends."

"I built your stupid simulation." Melia says, acting only slightly nicer to Blinker than the others before her. "But I _didn't_ promise excellent customer service. Are you here to take over my shift now, or what?"

Blinker grimaces. We need someone with spiritual energy to verify those tickets. And they can't be a demon, either. Do you have any idea how few people meet that criteria AND aren't already busy with other things?"

Melia spends the new several seconds loudly chewing her gum. She smacks her lips over and over, then laboriously rolls her eyes.

"Whatever. God, this is all so boring. You know I was supposed to be attending a lavish banquet later today, right? But here I am, still playing a glorified gate guardian for a bunch of stupid humans doing a bunch of stupid military exercises. Mother made me cancel _all_ my plans to come help you out."

"And for that... I'm grateful." Blinker says, wincing. "Look... if you don't want to be here... you've done enough. You can leave."

"As if." Melia snaps back. "Mother said I have to stick around and ensure no 'accidents' happen with the network. I'm the only person besides her who can ensure the neural transceivers link up the brainwaves properly. Considering you expect humans, demons, and monsters of many different species to meld their minds together, do you have any idea how horribly that can go wrong? I'm stuck here until I verify all her stupid procedures have been followed."

"I'm... not much of an expert in Mental Magic." Blinker admits. "Um... well..."

"Save your apologies." Melia says tiredly. She blinks her eyes heavily and sags backward, leaning against the prickly briar-bushes without them actually penetrating the thin magical barrier surrounding her skin. "I'm a big girl. I can handle a short-term annoyance."

Blinker nods. "You hate hanging around with humans. All the fairies do. But, I think humans are great! They're usually pretty nice, and they treat me well. I bet they could be good friends for you if you'd give them a chance!"

Melia opens her mouth to reply, but pauses when she senses two other people walking toward her and Blinker. She turns her attention toward the newcomers, where she sees her fairy friends, Saria and Ruto. To be more specific, they aren't exactly her friends, but more her chosen retainers, her assistants, her ladies in waiting.

"Hey Melia!" Saria chirps, her green hair and big bright eyes sprinkling rays of sunshine throughout the area. "That group of people we just let in is the last group for today. Once they're done, we can finally go have some fun!"

As children of the Forest Fairies, Saria and Melia both descend from the same lineage, though Saria's magic and knowledge are much less potent than the princess's. As for Ruto, a blue-haired fairy from the Realm of Water, she might also only be a mere retainer to the Forest Princess, but she still possesses her own aura of authority.

Ruto walks over beside Saria and leans her arm on her shorter cousin's shoulder. She smiles smugly, her silky white dress and general air making her feel like a playful older sister.

"Well, I don't know about _you_, Melia, but I've having a wonderful time on this human planet! Yes, so many delightful boys and girls to sit down and talk to. I already have thirteen dates lined up over the next week."

"Popular as always." Melia grunts.

"Hey, I know!" Saria exclaims. "Once these humans are done, why don't the four of us fight in the sim! Let's do a 1v3 Queen Competition!"

Blinker scrunches up her face. "I don't know. It's unbecoming of a princess to engage in acts of violence..."

Melia frowns. "Hey. What's that supposed to mean?"

"I'm just saying..." Blinker says while she shrugs innocently. "You're too soft to take on all three of us at once. You should sit this one out."

Melia jumps out of her seat. "The _heck_ I'm soft! I'll show YOU soft, you little preggo-queen!"

The other three giggle at Melia, knowing how easy it is to rile her up.

"Well alright then." Blinker says. "I bet five merit tokens we'll kick your butt."

"Five from me too!" Saria chirps.

"Count me in." Ruto adds.

"It seems I'll be winning a free fifteen tokens then." Melia snorts. "Maybe I'll pay a visit to that Beauty Depot place later. Not that it can improve upon my perfection..."

"Oh, look at you, so humble!" Blinker laughs. 

The girls continue taking turns poking at each other. Soon though, they sense the approach of a powerful demonic aura.

Blinker's smile vanishes in an instant. She turns around and her eyes become murderous as she watches a male Demon Emperor approach from the south.

"Beelzebub!" Blinker snarls. "You dare show your face to me?!"

The Emperor of Hellfire pauses a stone's throw away. He awkwardly scratches the back of his neck.

"Hello, Blinker... ah, long time, no see."

Sensing a lack of malice from the newly minted Emperor, Blinker lowers her rage just a tad, but continues to glare daggers at him. She and the other three fairies slowly walk toward him, none of them smiling any longer.

"So you're the Beelzebub who's caused so many problems." Melia says dryly. "The luckiest unlucky bastard I've seen in a good few eons."

"A vicious, murdering bastard." Saria adds.

"I'm not a fan of the whole flame-shtick." Ruto chimes in, gazing at him with a look of disgust.

A few seconds pass. Nobody says anything.

Eventually, Beelzebub speaks up.

"Blinker... Monster Queen... I'm not sure what you prefer..."

"I don't like hearing my name so casually uttered from your lips." Blinker snaps at him. "Why have you come here? Just to piss me off?"

"Actually, I had a... _proposition_ for you." Beelzebub says. "I know you hate me. And deservedly so, given how many people I've killed. But I really do want to change, to mend the old wounds-"

"How can you possibly undo your sins?" Blinker retorts, interrupting him. "You killed millions of people, Beelzebub. They're gone for GOOD. There is no way you can bring them back! And even if you could, it wouldn't undo the traumas of their deaths, nor the pain their relatives felt."

"You're right." Beelzebub says quietly, lowering his head. "I can't undo... any of that. That's why I've set my sights lower. I'm not going to try and help everyone. But... I do have certain abilities. Unique skills. I'd like to wield them as a weapon for good."

Blinker's expression softens, ever so slightly. Despite her abject hatred for the Emperor of Hellfire, something about him seems more genuinely apologetic than at any time in the past.

"Like what."

Her words are not a question, but a rhetorical statement, daring Beelzebub to state his terms.

And so, he does. After swallowing heavily, he raises his eyes to meet her gaze.

"Mephisto. He... took your husband from you. I want to help you get revenge."

Blinker's heart drops into the soles of her high heels. She visibly flinches, startled by Beelzebub's words.

"W-what? You do?! But... I mean... nobody knows where Mephisto has hidden. The Labyrinth is a massive place."

"That doesn't matter. It won't stop me." Beelzebub declares. "I've been a terrible person. I want to make amends. If you and I work together, we'll have the strength to defeat Mephisto. Not just him, but Yama too. They're working together now, or so go the rumors whispering through the grapevine. If you try to face them alone, you won't succeed. If I try to face them alone, I'll fail too. But if we work together..."

Blinker nervously chews her lower lip. No longer does her gaze contain the same hatred as before, but instead, a deep, intense longing.

"I won't lie... if you can help me... rescue Kar's body and soul... I'd be willing to forgive you, Beelzebub. He matters that much to me."

She rubs her lightly swollen pregnant belly.

"I don't want our children growing up without their father."

The other three fairies look at Blinker. Their eyes soften as they sense the suppressed pain within her voice.

"If you're serious," Melia says, "then I'm coming with you. I'm not letting the Monster Queen and the Emperor of Hellfire fight against two Emperors by themselves."

"I'll come too!" Saria exclaims. "Blinker is one of my best friends! And I always help out my friends!"

Ruto nods. "Sounds like it'll be fun. I'm in."

"You guys..." Blinker mutters. "You don't have to go that far."

"No, we do." Melia says. "Do you think my mother sent us here because she gives a damn about the humans? Now that you're a Fairy Queen, and the mother of the future descendants of the Crocodilians, Mother wants us to ensure no harm comes to you. It's as much about politics as it is maintaining your friendship."

Saria crinkles her nose. "Jeez, Melia. You didn't have to make it all weird. We'll help because we're friends with Blinker. No other reason!"

Beelzebub holds up his hand. "I'm grateful all of you want to come. In truth, I didn't intend to go alone with the Fairy Queen anyway. We're not only fighting two Emperors, but all of their shadow minions and undead servants. We can also expect that Mephisto's enslaved High Demons will be there. That includes Zamiel, now inside Kar's body."

Blinker's expression turns chilly. "That little Battle Bastard! He had the gall to not only kill my husband, but take his body too! How are we going to tear his soul out so Kar's can go back inside?"

"That's not an easy question to answer." Beelzebub says. "I'm not a necromancer. In fact, all the necromancers across the Seven Hells serve under Mephisto. I can probably burn Zamiel's soul out of Kar's body through my Soulfire, but more likely, we'll have to ask the Wordsmith to make a new body for the Monster King."

"Oh." Blinker says. "You've... really thought this through."

"Not particularly. Just some cursory observations." Beelzebub says mildly. "I'd like to put together a team capable of taking those Emperors down. Can you think of anybody else who would have the strength, time, and energy to assist us?"

"What of the other Demon Emperors?" Ruto asks. "Don't you have any friends among their ranks?"

"I'm not popular among my compatriots." Beelzebub says with a hint of irritation. "I might have a friend or two among the Dukes, but expect no help from an Emperor."

"Well, I know ONE Emperor who'd be willing to help!" Saria chirps. "Kiari! I've talked to her several times. She's super nice!"

"Emperor Kiari..." Blinker says thoughtfully. "She's not much of a fighter though."

"She doesn't have to be." Ruto points out. "She can summon hordes of insects and giant spiders to overwhelm her enemies."

"Great. Giant spiders." Melia says with a shiver. "My favorite."

"I can go and ask a few other people if they'd be willing to help." Blinker says. "Maybe Samantha, or some of the demons from the Hell of Lust."

Beelzebub releases a soft sigh of relief. "So it's settled then. Let's all ask around and meet up in two days. We'll see if we can assemble a force capable of taking down Mephisto and Yama."

Blinker nods. She faintly smiles at Beelzebub.

"You didn't have to do this, Beelzebub. But you did. So... even if we fail... thank you. Even if we can't rescue Kar and we don't end up at least killing that Mephisto bastard... I appreciate the gesture. Maybe you're not such a bad guy after all."

"No, I'm definitely a terrible sinner." Beelzebub retorts. "But I will try to do good, moving forward. Thank you for giving me this chance to make amends. I won't let it go to waste."

After exchanging goodbyes with the other fairies, Beelzebub turns and leaves. Melia watches him head south, away from the Queen's Network.

"He's certainly different from all the rumors I've heard."

...

Beelzebub takes his time walking. He could leap into the skies and fly around with his complete mastery of fire, but he doesn't.

No, instead, he wanders across the regrowing meadow, ambling toward the city plateau. As he walks, he frowns. The feeling of being watched tickles the back of his neck.

The Emperor of Hellfire looks left, right, up, and even down. He searches for the source of that feeling, but detects nothing. Eventually though, his eyes fall upon a mid-sized patch of trees directly underneath the Fortress of Retribution's cliffs. He fails to spot the cottage contained within those trees, but in his mind's eye, he imagines its outline.

Rosalia's cottage...

Beelzebub shivers, remembering that feeling of helplessness he experienced at Rosalia's hands. Idly, he reflects on how that feeling helped him understand what it meant to be unable to change his fate. He recalls that sickening sense of isolation, that feeling of weakness and being toyed around with.

Ultimately, perhaps it helped make him... more empathetic.

Reflecting on this thought, Beelzebub blinks twice. He looks away from that imaginary cottage and shakes his head.

"Perhaps that misfortune was actually a blessing in disguise. It opened my eyes to a Truth of our reality..."

He continues walking, all while forcing himself to ignore that lingering feeling of being watched.

...

Amidst those same trees, a figure lurks. A large figure, one with quite a sizable body of great mass.

Rosalia.

The undesirable demoness gnashes her teeth as she watches Beelzebub continue walking away. But instead of dejection, she feels only a burning Desire scorching her heart.

"Mine... mine... Mister Beelzebub should be mine... can't let those fairy sluts take him from me... can't let him forget me!"

She chews her lip. A cold, decisive light sparkles in her eyes.

"Desire... my desire... I want him! I'll do whatever it takes! I must become beautiful!"

A sinister female voice inside her head chuckles.

**Heh heh heh... yes. The time has finally come. No more games, Rosalia. Do what must be done to obtain what you want.**

She nods.

"I WILL have him!"