Part 417: The Stormbringer Tribunal (Part 2)

"I was just following orders! You can't blame me! It's all Ose's fault for ordering us to attack the humans! I didn't even wanna go!"

The first Demon Grunt positioned atop the massive platform in the center of the Tribunal Stadium shivers and trembles nervously as millions of other prisoners and citizens on Tarus II watch him with sad or judgmental eyes. He defends himself in the weakest way possible, casting all blame for his actions onto the leaders of demonkind while claiming he had nothing to do with the crimes levied against him.

Yamir stands a short distance before the shackled prisoner, looking down at the little fellow with an expression of pity and dismay.

"Fool. You say you are not at fault for your heinous actions, but the evidence speaks to the contrary! Look at these recordings!"

Yamir gestures to a giant viewscreen placed directly adjacent to the Jury of Thirty, the humans, monsters, and demons who will cast their votes for punishment on all the perpetrators of Stormbringer.

The viewscreen shows a loop of this 'Paddock' fellow ripping out the throat of a trooper, right before her T-REX's recording functionality shuts off. Then it cuts to a different view of the same moment, taken from another T-REX's point of view, where he screams in delight, then launches into attacking even more humans. Ultimately, he kills two people and badly wounds three more, all with the help of other screaming and delighted grunts beside him.

"I was already there!" Paddock protests. "I'm a demon! It's not my fault I love violence! I was just making the best of a bad situation! You can't blame me for wanting to enjoy that, uh, traumatic moment!"

Yamir snorts in displeasure. He lightly slaps the shaft of Sir Lorent's executioner axe in his palm.

"Your excuses are pathetic. Now that the jury has heard your plea, they will cast down their judgment."

He steps aside, then looks up at the Jury of Thirty.

Each member of the panel is given the opportunity to stand up and deliver their verdict, along with any thoughts that might contribute to the discussion.

The first to stand is none other than Yardrat, Emperor of the Void. The fair and handsome Demon Emperor rises to his feet and folds his hands behind his back, while also directing a sweeping glance across the stadium.

"The times have changed." Yardrat says. "Rules which once _were_, no longer _are_. Paddock speaks from a place of ignorance. He was raised to believe that humans are inferior. He believes that violence is simply a way of demon life. Perhaps he was once right. But the true issue lies in his inability to take responsibility for his own actions. While Ose did order the attack on Stormbringer, if Paddock were to simply stand back and move passively, without directly killing or hurting anyone, merely blending in with the crowd, he could have resisted her orders in a way nobody would notice. In that case, we would not blame him for being forced to act against his will."

Yardrat continues. "But the truth is, Paddock enjoyed killing his victims. He reveled in their pain and suffering. While I understand his actions, and have certainly acted out my own share of violence, his inability to accept blame for what he had control over makes him guilty in my eyes. I posit that he is fully at fault for all the deaths he caused during Stormbringer and judge him to be deserving of death."

Yardrat sits back down, and Emperor Serena next stands.

"I agree with all of Yardrat's statements." Serena says. "I understand why you must want to blame others, Paddock. But in the end, your actions are your own. I judge you as guilty of all crimes."

When Serena sits down, Paddock's teeth begin to chatter. "H-hey! This isn't fair! You Emperors have killed way more humans than me! Why am only I down here? Just because I'm weak, I have to die, while you get to live it up? Don't you stinkin' humans see how screwed up this is?!"

Several prisoners in the audience nod and begin to shout along to Paddock's words, proclaiming their agreement with his words. However, a wave of Wordsmithing fires from Jason's mouth, as he rises to his feet.

"**Silence.**"

Immediately, all the demon's protests catch in their throats, rendering them unable to speak.

Jason waits for a moment before answering. "If you think I am unaware of the evils and atrocities committed by the Emperors on this jury panel, you are wrong. I have currently set aside their punishments, as well as the those for their Dukes, and their Barons, and all the others. Anyone who previously attacked or killed humans, be it during the Energy Wars, before those times, or at any point before my awakening from that Cryopod six years ago... I am temporarily suspending their sentence."

He continues. "The difference between their past crimes, and the crimes committed by those of you in the audience today is that I have no direct evidence of what they've done. Even if I did, I think one could justifiably say that prior to and including the Energy Wars, humanity and demonkind were perpetually at war and both sides committed atrocities against one another. Following the Energy Wars, that argument holds less water, but the previous point still stands. It is only moving forward, if any further aggression occurs, that I will not show a drop of lenience."

Jason slants his eyes and looks behind himself at the other Emperors on the panel.

"In the future, should the demons commit any further acts of aggression against humanity... I will not hold back against anyone. Not the leaders, nor their followers. I do hope we can all come to a... peaceful resolution."

To conclude his speech, Jason opts to give his judgment regarding Paddock.

"The demons who attacked during Stormbringer must be punished. There is no escaping your sins. Worry not about the Emperors up here, but how you will properly plead your cases to the members of this jury. Paddock, I pronounce you guilty not only of your crimes, but of a failure to accept responsibility for them. The next jury member may now speak."

Jason sits down. Next comes Neil Adams. As expected, he pronounces Paddock guilty.

Then comes Phoebe Hiro. She, too, pronounces Paddock guilty, though her reasoning comes more out of a specific distaste for the individuals he killed, as Phoebe knew them personally, albeit in some small capacity.

One by one, every member of the panel gives their verdict. All of them pronounce him guilty.

All of them... except for one.

Emperor Belial surprises everyone by being the lone voice of dissent.

"I do not believe Paddock is guilty." Belial says. "He did kill those people. He is a murderer. And he has utterly failed to take responsibility for his actions. But Paddock makes a point that I cannot disagree with. I have never gone out of my way to kill humans, angels, or anyone else. My rank of Emperor was not obtained through the consumption of human souls, but the empowerment of an ancient dragon. As such, I have been able to hold a lofty position of privilege, one which other demons have never possessed, because their powers could only be obtained through slaughter."

She continues. "Paddock has been brainwashed, along with all the other lower members of my species, to believe that violence is their primary lot in life. If Paddock must be executed, that I posit that every demon above his station must also be executed. Perhaps, had he been raised with love and care, he might never have taken those horrible actions. He might have grown up to be a source of positivity in this cold, violent, brutal universe. I don't want to see anyone die... and I also hold a great deal of shame regarding this Tribunal."

Jason gazes at Belial. "Shame? What do you mean?"

"Isn't it obvious?" Belial asks, her voice projecting to everyone watching the proceedings. "I spent my whole life trying not to hurt others. Not to kill. Not to cause harm. But during Stormbringer, I lost myself in grief and hatred. I became a monster and killed... I don't even _know_ how many of my fellow demons. I slaughtered them without restraint. I went berserk. Even if you claim that I was acting in self-defense, or on humanity's behalf... I still brutally ripped apart my lessers. I still committed terrible crimes."

Belial shakes her head.

"For that reason, I will give my judgment not only for Paddock, but for every other violent perpetrator and attacker of Stormbringer. I refuse to pronounce any of you as guilty... not even _one_ person."

Belial's gaze seemingly flicks across the whole crowd. However, her hyper-enhanced Emperor-level vision pauses for the briefest of moments to fixate on a seemingly ordinary old man. One fellow, a 'human' sitting beside other humans.

Beelzebub.

She does not call him out, but does gaze at him with deep meaning, before concluding her speech.

"I only wish, after tens of thousand of years, that we might finally put an end to the cycle of violence. Nothing else matters to me."

She takes her seat, and the entire arena falls silent.

Outside, many humans, those who lost their friends and family, no longer cheer uproariously as they did only minutes before.

They think about Belial, her role as humanity's healer, and the number of lives she's saved.

They remember how she ran herself ragged during Stormbringer, healing tens of thousands of wounded soldiers, draining her mana until she was at the brink of death, only for the entire Hospital to end up destroyed by Yama's Shades, killing many of the people she saved.

They think about her rage and how she fought Ose, ultimately helping to murder humanity's greatest enemy, all at the cost of her own convictions.

And deep down... many people feel shame.

Plenty of Stormbringer's survivors want revenge. They wish to see the demons suffer just as badly as the people they tore apart.

But at the same time, an equal number of survivors can't help but wonder: _Will there never be peace in our future? Is violence the only language we must speak?_

Belial's proclamation doesn't change Paddock's judgment. He ultimately still ends up charged with the punishment of death and returned to his seat, where he now must await his execution at the Tribunal's conclusion. But what it does do is cause many to question the ultimate legitimacy of the Tribunal.

Even so, many people remain unmoved by Belial's speech. Neil Adams barely even looks at her, acting as if he didn't hear a word she said.

_Succubus whore._ Neil thinks. _As always, she is all too eager to leap to the defense of her fellow demons. Her schemes truly run deep._

The next person up for trial is a tiny little Obsidian Goblin named Hungry. This fellow turns out to be a monster who was involved in the Stormbringer Attack from the very beginning, as he even participated in the attack on the Core, along with the subsequent invasion of Tarus II.

Hungry defends himself by making several similar claims to Paddock, but ultimately it is his lack of directly murdering any people which allows him to be sentenced to slavery in the Trifrancium mines for 300 years instead of death. As a tiny little goblin, he only assisted much larger creatures in pinning down their human enemies, rather than killing them himself.

It doesn't take long before whole groups of demon grunts, minotaurs, harpies, and other such creatures come on the stage platform to receive judgment all at once. Over the next eight hours, over fifty thousand demons and monsters join together with human traitors to receive their judgment. More than three quarters of them receive death sentences, while the rest all receive hundreds of years of slavery in the mines.

As the proceedings occur, Phoebe glances at her husband.

"I'm surprised you don't oppose enslaving these people, Jason. You've always said it was a barbaric act."

Jason shrugs. "I don't like it, no. But even the least guilty creatures here, those without direct blood on their hands, still assisted their brethren in killing our friends and families. 300 years of slavery might sound like a long time, but they will be allowed to go free once their sentences conclude, and most of them will live for thousands of years afterward. It amounts to a tiny fraction of their lives. Compared to those they killed, who can never again walk the mortal plane..."

Phoebe nods. "I'm just glad you're not feeling at odds with your morals. I already agree this is the best they deserve."

After concluding the judgment of slavery for a group of nearly 1200 demon grunts, the next person to take the stage is, surprisingly, a single demoness. A Duke, someone many people have only recently discovered was hiding a terrible secret.

"Mara, the Duke of Collection." Yamir says, as the demoness strides forward and stands before the Jury of Thirty, her expression solemn. "Today, you stand here guilty of killing over one hundred thousand civilians. These included men, women, and children. You attacked a Covenant Ship and destroyed it, reaping their lives. To date, we have only managed to recover just twenty percent of those lost souls, with the rest presumed consumed by other demons."

"Additionally," Yamir continues, "you attacked the Wordsmith's wife and daughter, nearly succeeding in murdering both. During that attack, you killed their honor guards, ending the lives of more than a dozen brave soldiers."

The massive viewscreen plays out the events of Mara's attacks, showing the destruction of the Covenant ship, as well as the subsequent attack on Phoebe and Daisy.

Seeing their daughter on the giant viewscreen, Jason and Phoebe's hearts tense up. They gaze at her face, wishing with all their souls that they could simply 'will' her back into existence. Not just them, but Belial as well, who feels deep guilt at being unable to stop Daisy from ultimately dying to Beelzebub's blast.

Mara hollowly watches as her past crimes play on the giant viewscreen.

"What say you in your defense?" Yamir asks, eying her coldly. 

As Daisy's chef, Yamir used to cook the little girl food while she grew, taking great care to cater to her childish tastes and finicky attitude. He, too, feels terrible pain due to her death.

"My defense..." Mara mutters, her words transmitting to the arena. "I have none. What I did was unforgivable."

"Why did you kill the people on that ship?" Yamir asks. "Did Ose command you to do so?"

"No." Mara says, her next words eliciting gasps of rage from the human audience outside. "I did so only because the 'opportunity' presented itself. It was entirely my own choice."

"It is good that you accept responsibility for your actions." Yamir says. "But that fact will not absolve you of your punishment. I have only one question left for you. Why did you accept Miss Hiro's offer to empower yourself in the Belial Booster? Did you believe you deserved such a gift from the people you had so violently brutalized? Did you feel _no_ shame?"

Mara's expression becomes even more downcast. "I... I didn't know what to do at the time. I couldn't bring myself to turn down the opportunity. I did feel incredibly guilty over my past actions... but I was also afraid of getting caught."

"It's too bad." Yamir says. "Many people thought you were a decent person. If you had simply owned up to your actions at the time, you might have received a lighter penalty. Now they are unlikely to show you leniency."

He turns to face the Jury of Thirty. "Your judgments?"

In the audience of bystanders outside, Mara's sister Ying-Ying bites her lower lip. She fights to hold back tears, all while wrestling over whether she should try and use her Warping powers to save Mara's life. Unfortunately, even if she does, she has no chance of hiding Mara from Jason's Wordsmithing. He will surely be able to track an escaped prisoner down and find her with little effort.

The first of the judges stands up to deliver their verdict.

Uriel, the Archangel of Retribution, completely ignores the Demon Emperors within striking distance of her fists. Despite wearing three rings of power and possessing more than enough strength to lash out and perhaps murder at least one or two demons before they can react, she acts with remarkable restraint, though for what reason, her enemies can only guess.

"My judgment is as follows." Uriel says, her feminine voice biting at the air with an unmistakably malicious edge. "All demons art sinners. All art worthy of death. But the degree between their sins varies. In Mara's case, her evils hath been aimed at the innocent; civilians who caused her no harm. In this regard, I believe that she deserves a fate worse than death, perhaps even eternal punishment."

The other Emperors stifle the urge to roll their eyes. While Belial has declared that she will judge no participant of Stormbringer as worthy of death, Uriel has acted in exactly the opposite manner. Not once has she made any exceptions for a single demon or monster put up for trial. She has declared a fatal judgment upon them all, the degree of their vicious acts notwithstanding.

Each Emperor stands up, followed by each human, and several monsters.

Blinker is the last to speak. Instead of remaining in her tiny fairy form, she maintains her inflated size of just over five-feet-tall, allowing her to stand at roughly the same height as all of the others, barring super-tall freaks like Jason.

"Mara. I judge you to be guilty." Blinker says quietly, her voice lacking any real enthusiasm. "The only punishment awaiting you is death."

Without going into any further detail, Blinker sits down. Her thoughts dwell not on any of the demons or humans she has judged so far, but just two individuals, two demons who were not successfully imprisoned. Mephisto and Zamiel still remain at large, and that fact causes her stomach to sink.

"You have been judged unanimously guilty, aside from Emperor Belial." Yamir says to Mara. "Your punishment will also be death. Go and take your seat."

Mara nods numbly, not expecting any other outcome. Her expression glum, she turns and walks away, sighing deep in her heart that her past has finally caught up to her.

After a few other groups of demons come and go, more than seventy-five percent of Stormbringer's participants finally receive their judgments, leaving them to cry or breathe quiet sighs of relief. However, those who remain are mostly the greatest offenders, the ones who caused the most damage, or the ones who previously held the greatest prestige.

Yamir turns to face the crowd of prisoners.

"Next is... a former General among humankind's forces. Bernard Caddis. Step forward."

A thin and wiry-looking man, gaunt from exhaustion and lack of proper nutrients, slowly stands up and hobbles toward the stage.

As he approaches, Neil Adams smirks coldly.

"Ah, finally. _This_ bastard..."

He and the other humans direct hate-filled gazes toward the man whose betrayal nearly cost them everything, a man who could have given the demons a clean and easy victory had his plot succeeded.

Even Jason cannot help but glower at the man.

"_Fucking_ Caddis." Jason remarks. "Let's hear what sorts of excuses he tries to make."