Part 581: Evolution Revolution

[Your skills are inferior.] Initiator Ferral brags. [This race belongs to me. I am more than a hundred kart-lengths ahead of you.]

"It's not over 'til it's over." Jason says, as he stares at the screen. "This is the final lap. Anything can happen."

[I have been in the lead since the very beginning. It is impossible for me to lose. This game is no challenge at all.]

"Yeahhh, we'll see about that." Jason says, as he drives over an item box.

Seconds later, Jason's Kart transforms into a Bullet Bill, racing ahead at hypersonic speeds and knocking two racers out of his way. On the final turn, he shoots up behind Ferral, causing the Initiator's heart-rate to spike.

[No! This is impossible! You were in the seventh position until this lap! How could you suddenly be in second?! You are cheating! Gah, and I keep getting only COINS! Why are my items so much worse than yours? I cannot even time the button presses to get a good item!]

In the last few seconds, Jason lobs a red shell forward, smashes it into Ferral's kart, and takes the lead on the final turn, stealing first place while three other karts also pass Ferral's momentarily incapacitated Donkey Kong. Ferral jumps out of his seat, roaring in fury.

[How could I lose?! My skills were clearly superior! This game is rigged!]

Jason leans back in his seat, looking up at the giant projected screen in his personal gaming studio with a look of pure smugness. "Ah, it's too bad, Ferral. You still don't understand Mario Kart's 'rubber banding' system. It gives better items to the people who aren't in first place to make it easier for them to catch up."

[That system is stupid!] Ferral complains. [The superior racer should win based on his skills, not cheap items that grant a last second advantage! I do not like this game!]

"Well they do say not to hate the player; hate the game." Jason says, his grin widening. "Looks like you're on the right track. Anyway, it's about time for me to head out. Seems I whooped you pretty good today, Ferral. Maybe work on your skills a bit more and we'll have a rematch next time, eh?"

[You did not 'whoop' me.] Ferral says, sulking with his arms crossed and dropping his controller at his feet. [You cheated. Terrans only know how to cheat when faced with the glorious capabilities of a trueborn Volgrim.]

"Yeah yeah, that's what a _loser_ would say." Jason taunts, as he gets up from his chair and stretches. He looks at a nearby clock, then strides away. "I've got work to do, and Fiona will get mad if I play games for too long. See you later."

Ferral doesn't reply. The young Initiator simply continues to grumble in his head, muttering incomprehensibly about what a bunch of cheating mud-dwellers the humans are.

Jason walks through his gaming and entertainment room, a massive center with more than a thousand video game consoles and a huge digital library of movies, TV shows, and other entertainment taken from Earth before its destruction. Thanks to the Volgrim collecting every piece of cultural media humanity ever created, Jason was able to recover humanity's gaming heritage as well as its filmography and music by secretly raiding the Volgrim's data stores. Now, he can play any game ever made, watch any movie, listen to any song, and even admire humanity's greatest pieces of artwork as desired.

In his youth, Jason would have simply set up his life in here and never left, but unfortunately, he is an adult now with adult responsibilities. He can't spend much time playing games or watching movies. Therefore, he mostly leaves the room to Ferral and also Kar's kids. At least, those among them who are interested.

Jason exits his underground entertainment theater. He steps onto Chrona's surface and inhales the fresh morning air, looking up at the artificial sun in the sky with a smile on his face.

After 144 years living inside Chrona, Jason has made lots of improvements to the mirror dimension. Now, 'fake' stars hover in the sky, and Chrona even has a day and night cycle. The dimension's internal space has expanded by more than ten times as the Crocodiles spread out, taking up residence as Chrona's primary life-forms. Kar and Blinker live inside a large mansion up on a hill, acting as the de-facto leaders of Chrona, attending to its daily needs while Jason and Fiona continue to put all their focus on using Chrona as a tool to improve humanity's situation in Realspace.

At the same time, the few Psion residents of Chrona have opted not to all live together. Each one has constructed a residence for themselves in some isolated area, with one of them living near a lake, another up in the mountains, and so on. Only Ferral is the weird one, as he has chosen to live in the middle of Chrona's biggest city, which formerly was the _only_ one. Blinker Bay, as many of the crocodiles have taken to calling it, is named after their mother, and now exists on the edge of a large lake filled with lots of fish and other creatures. Thanks to Blinker deliberately importing creatures from Realspace into Chrona, her beautiful crocodile children and grandchildren have plenty of delicious fish to eat, whenever they want.

And like the Labyrinth, Chrona now expands on its own, slowly, over time. It feeds off the excess life energy produced by its inhabitants, expanding perhaps a foot in diameter every single day that passes. While the growth may not be noticeable in short bursts, over the years, it has greatly expanded, allowing for many new areas to open up and become inhabitable.

Even Jason himself doesn't know exactly how the process works.

The Wordsmith walks over to his mind-wife's workshop, where he finds Fiona and Rebecca hard at work like usual. He gives Fiona a kiss on the cheek, her corporeal appearance no longer a surprise to him, while gently squeezing Rebecca's shoulder. "Hey, what did I miss?"

"Done playing games with Ferral?" Fiona asks, amused. "Rebecca thought we might be able to improve the Healing Orbs today by making them use Exotics to provide different types of healing effects."

Rebecca holds up a necklace with a glowing blue marble attached. "My tests with the Healing Orbs have proven they work, but the effects are rather slow. Compared to Belial or Leeroy taking deliberate action to heal people, the orbs are vastly inferior. People will be in pain for much longer than if they paid those demons a visit."

She gestures to the table, where different forms of powder have been dumped in tiny piles here and there. She points at a pile of faintly glowing black powder and begins to explain. "This is Rhizite. I crumbled a few milligrams of it into dust form so the Healing Orbs could more easily absorb it. My tests have shown it can speed up the healing factor by about 25%. Unfortunately, it also increases the pain of healing by a moderate amount."

She points at some poisonous-looking pink-and-green liquid in a vial. "And this is an extract from the fangs of a Pelorin, a creature living on one of the Volgrim's designated exobeast reserve worlds. It's exceptionally good at countering toxins and parasites, but it also causes severe seizures and headaches during the healing process."

Jason frowns. "The side effects of each of these sounds severe."

"Yes." Rebecca acknowledges. "I'm not having much luck finding a panacea. The best method for healing someone in bad condition is still for you, Leeroy, or Belial to take personal action. These Healing Orbs are only suitable for mass healing on a budget."

"At least they're better than the body's natural response." Fiona chimes in. "Humans can't naturally regenerate a lost limb. Even if it takes a few years, Healing Orbs make that possible."

"We'll take things one step at a time." Jason says with a smile. "I'm going to practice in the Battle Arena for a bit. Then later, I'm heading to Realspace to visit Phoebe and Timothy."

Rebecca frowns. "I assume you'll be gone a few weeks. Jason, before you leave, I need you to stabilize Chrona's Time Dilation Matrix again."

"Again??" Jason asks, bewildered. "I stabilized it just the other day."

"Actually, that was nine days ago." Rebecca corrects. "Since then, the dilation has risen from 251.466 to 251.985. The acceleration is occurring more often and rising faster when it does."

Jason looks at Fiona and Rebecca solemnly. "Any ideas why?"

"Best guess, it's because Chrona's size is increasing." Fiona explains. "As the number of crocodiles increases, the amount of life energy available also does. This causes Chrona to expand a little faster over time, which is accelerating the frequency you'll need to keep stabilizing the dilation. It's a similar principle to the Labyrinth, but with the added complexity of time dilation thrown into the mix."

Jason groans. "Man. I'll need to craft a whole magic-based system to stabilize Chrona on a more permanent basis. But I don't have a lot of understanding in the field of temporal mechanics. Looks like I'll need to study for ten or so years just to get a grip on it. Bah, I'll do that later. For now, stabilizing things manually is working fine."

"I wouldn't say things are 'fine.'" Rebecca quips. "Eventually, you're going to be stabilizing the time dilation every few days, then every day, then every so-many number of hours. You need to create a solution sooner rather than later."

I know, I know." Jason says, waving his hand. "And if the time dilation gets too high, the solutions I've made for Time Dilation sickness will stop working. Nobody will be able to leave Chrona as the dilation shoots upward. It's a whole mess."

He shrugs. "Unfortunately, I don't have a simple solution. Like I said, unless I invest ten years in studying temporal mechanics, I'm not going to be able to solve this problem."

Fiona hesitates.

"...You could probably get the answer if you put on Solomon's Crown."

Jason's expression turns stern. "You know that's not an option. Even if I wanted to, which I definitely _don't_, Hope wouldn't let me. I don't trust that old man, and I don't trust Raphael either. Both of them are hiding lots of secrets. It's best we solve these problems ourselves."

Jason continues talking to both women for a little longer, then eventually he splits off. "I'll see you two later. And don't worry, I'll take care of the time dilation before I leave today."

"Bye, Jason." Fiona says, giving him a kiss on the cheek. "Tell Phoebe I said 'hello.'"

Jason gives his mind-wife a loving squeeze on the shoulder, then makes his way outside. He heads toward a special Battle Zone crafted over 80 years earlier, one filled with magical symbols focused on protection and containment.

One he draws within a block's radius of the facility, he begins to feel the tell-tale vibrations of combat impacts taking place inside. He walks over to the entrance, pauses to put some earmuffs on, then steps inside.

_WHUMP! WHUMP!!_

Deafening aftershocks rattle Jason's bones. He walks down a long hallway into an auditorium with a few hundred seats placed behind a containment barrier, and a specialized arena not dissimilar to the Queen Network's battle zones. However, this arena is not made in a virtual space, but in reality itself.

A field littered with tall trees sits in the center of the courtyard. There, a powerful-looking crocodile wearing glorious golden battle armor engages in violent combat with one of the Psions, Initiator Dunal. As a mere 1st Level Psion, he is extremely weak compared to any other member of his species, but he is still thousands of years old and possesses a decent level of combat competency.

Dunal's opponent turns out to be Kar and Blinker's thirdborn child, Kallista. As a crocodilian warrior over 140 years old, she has spent more than a century honing her combat skills with the spear to a level far surpassing her brothers and sisters. She may once have been a whiny brat, long ago, but those were the ancient times. Now, she is an elite of the First Generation of crocodile warriors.

Blinker and Kar have not stopped having children. Every few years, without fail, Blinker has given birth to a new pod of croco-spawn, and by now more than 50 generations have been born in Chrona's space. Whether she has three children at once or as many as a dozen, Blinker names and loves all of them, using her superior mind to recall all their names and childhoods.

Kallista bobs and weaves while Dunal fires off powerful blasts of Primal Psionic energy. The somewhat slow-witted Psion moves with deliberate care, always keeping distance between himself and his adversary. Each blast of raw telekinetic power strikes Kallista as it if were a punch manifested from mental energy, knocking her back, but her armor deflects and absorbs the blows, preventing her from suffering severe damage.

Kallista flicks her tongue out. Her blue scales shine from the gaps in her golden armor, revealing potential 'weak points' Dunal would never be so stupid as to attack. She pants like a dog, one of her signature traits, and darts toward Dunal while stabbing her spear at his stomach.

The Psion instantly conjures a shield of raw telekinesis, revolving it around himself as if it were made of water. He forces Kallista's deadly attack to the side, causing it to miss entirely. He then punishes her with a telekinetic punch to the face, pummeling her into the dirt!

Inside the audience, several dozen crocodiles, all of them much younger than Kallista, whoop and cheer at the sight of this incredible fight! While Kallista and Dunal might only technically possess the power of mere Demon Lords, they are both far better in the realm of combat than any demon of comparable strength. Inside Chrona, aside from playing the Wordsmith's video games, the best way to let off steam and have some fun is either by fighting virtual opponents inside the Queen Network, or real flesh and blood opponents in the Battle Arena.

As such, the vast majority of crocodiles and Psions have become battle maniacs! All they do every day is train their bodies and their minds. If they aren't actively fighting one another, they are meditating to enhance their insights into the art of warfare. They frequently consult one another to offer insights and pointers.

As it stands, the most powerful entity inside Chrona is undoubtedly Jason Hiro. The second strongest, most would argue, is Blinker. After her, most would say that Aspirator Raavul is the next pillar of Chrona's might, but a few in the know also posit Rebecca must be exceptionally strong thanks to her Cybernite body and built-in skills. While she has never bothered engaging in these petty battles, her strength must surely be impressive!

As for the 1st Level Psions and the crocodile children, they are far weaker than the previous four mentioned, but they are still highly trained warriors with a profound grasp of the technical aspects of combat. Their reaction times and combat impulses have been beaten into them over many decades by their mother and their peers outside Chrona, in the Queen Network.

...

Jason stops at the edge of the Arena. He glances around until he spots a familiar face, then he walks around the seating area, inside the combat barrier. Soon, he arrives at the densest cluster of crocodiles, where he finds Kar lounging in a chair, munching on some fish.

"Hurgh. Turtle. Are you here to fight?" Kar asks, his words causing the younger Crocodiles around him to take notice of the Wordsmith's presence.

"Not really. I was thinking about it, but instead I decided to spectate for a bit." Jason answers. "Kallista's spearmanship is better than I remember. She's been improving a lot."

"Hurgh! If only you knew. She found a powerful Demon warrior inside the Queen Net." Kar explains. "His virtual self has been teaching her spearmanship at her request."

Jason nods approvingly. "I think someday your kids are going to make a big difference in the War outside."

"Of course!" Kar boasts. "They are MY spawn, after all! They come from the seed of the mightiest Crocodile!"

Jason smiles and pats his friend's back, but inside he can't help feeling a little sad.

The damage Mephisto caused to Kar's soul has proven irreparable. No matter what Jason has tried, he simply hasn't been able to heal Kar's injuries, leaving him forever incapable of obtaining the power he once held. At best, Kar can obtain a cybernetically augmented body and increase his combat strength to the peak of whatever human technology might someday achieve, but his magical potential will never return.

Even so, Kar appears undaunted. He lives in the moment, reveling in his children's accomplishments with the utmost pride, living vicariously through them as if he were still in his glory days.

Jason can't help but surmise that Kar, despite losing the power he once held, has achieved true happiness. He is a warrior no more, but he has restored his species, and that has given him a deeper feeling of contentment than any transitory state of 'power' ever could.

_Huh. Maybe Kar actually has life all figured out._ Jason muses.

"Look, papa!" One of the younger crocodiles exclaims. "Big sis is about to go all-out!"

Jason and Kar turn their attention to the arena, where Initiator Dunal has once again knocked Kallista to the side. His psionic blasts might not be too strong, but they have become highly focused over time, striking with the impact of cannonballs. Were he to fight a human military during Earth's 21st century, he would surely be able to punch holes in tanks and flip over vehicles via his metacognition.

Unfortunately, his opponent is also a master of combat. Born with the inherent spiritual power of her mother and the physical strength of her father, Kallista has already begun walking a road with no known upper limit, and she may someday surpass even Kar in his prime, as may all of her brothers and sisters.

Kallista's tongue lolls out as she pants excitedly. "I can feel your attacks weakening! You are running out of stamina, Dunal!"

Dunal's expression appears the same as ever, but any observer who knows him can easily see that Kallista's words ring true. He is visibly fatigued and no longer able to fight as fiercely as he did at the beginning of the battle. Dunal's senses pick out the audience members, and he feels a pang of shame when he senses the Wordsmith's presence.

_The Mightiest Human is watching!_ Dunal thinks. _I cannot afford to lose so pitifully while Jason Hiro is here. I will bring shame upon the Volgrim Empire if I do! But I am at my limit! Every time we battle, I only fall further and further behind! I haven't beaten Kallista in the last five years, and this time will not be any different!_

His expression darkens. _It's infuriating. These mud-dwellers should have no chance against me, but I am limited by the output of my body! If only there was a way I could overwhelm her and make Kallista concede defeat, but her vitality is simply too strong. I will once again fail and make my fellow Psions weep..._

Kallista lunges at Dunal. Her spear stabs out three times, and he quickly manages to deflect the attacks, yet his offensive strength has dwindled to such a point that he can only step backward time and time again, allowing his crocodilian adversary to press her advantage!

Repeatedly, Kallista steps toward him, dancing with her spear, making sweeping strikes to knock him off-kilter, and constantly barraging his ever-weakening psionic shield.

Kar's daughter shoots a glance toward the spectator stands. She grins to herself, seeing the Wordsmith watch her with an impressed expression.

_My idol is here!_ Kallista thinks. _He is happy to see my performance! He admires my improvement! I'm not at Uncle Jason's level yet, but I will someday reach it, then surpass him! I'll make my father proud and become the strongest of all my siblings!_

Fantasies dance in her eyes, but those thoughts momentarily cloud her judgment. As she revels in the admiration of her siblings and her idol, Kallista fails to notice a storm brewing on Dunal's face. The Psion, pushed back time and time again, soon finds himself drawing worryingly close to the edge of the arena barrier. With his back against the wall, he can no longer fall back any further!

_I'm going to lose!_ Dunal roars in his head. _I cannot fall here! Not with the Wordsmith watching me! I might as well give up my Path and become a recluse! What good is the raw power of Primal Psionics if all I can do is knock around a mud-dweller for a bit before suffering such a humiliating defeat? I need more power!_

_More power!_ Dunal thinks.

_MORE! POWER!!_

Dunal's emotions turn turbulent. His rage grows explosively, and at the same time, an invisible crack rapidly spreads across his Psionic seed.

Elsewhere on Chrona, Aspirator Raavul, meditating inside her personal study, suddenly opens up her eyes and looks toward the Battle Arena.

[It's happening! Finally!] She thinks, shocked beyond words. [But... so soon?!]

Dunal's Psionic Seed cracks faster and faster. Too late, Kallista turns around and looks at him in horror as his power begins to climb up, up, up!

"What the-?! You! Shit, how are you...?!"

Kallista starts to jump backward, but she's too late.

Dunal's Psionic Seed explodes! It erupts with the full power of an awakened 2nd Level Psion, shattering with a force far beyond his comprehension. In an instant, Dunal taps into the Psionic Well, and his eyes close as visions of an ancient Psion flow into his mind.

At the same time, the eruption of energy rushes out of his body, slams into Kallista, and throws her back with horrifying strength. She screams as she hurtles across the arena, crashing through two giant trees and slamming into the distant barrier on the complete opposite side where she stood only moments before. Luckily, because of her innate durability and the armor protecting her, she only suffers minor injuries, but the shock to her psyche is much more profound.

"You! You're evolving?!" Kallista exclaims, scared at first, then overjoyed as she realizes Dunal is the first Initiator to jump to the rank beyond that of a 1st Level Psion.

But Dunal does not answer. He remains silent as his mind merges into the Psionic Well, falling deep into conversation with an ancient Psion who also once mastered the power of Primal Psionics.

Jason's eyes shine. He crows to Kar, "It's actually happening! What luck for it to happen right on one of the days I visited!"

Kar chuckles. "Hurgh. Perhaps it was not merely luck, little Turtle. My children, and the Mother Psion's Disciples, they all look up to you. Your presence alone can inspire greatness in others."

Kallista respectfully does not attack Dunal. She remains standing, tending to her wounds while his Psionic Seed coalesces into its ultimate form. It gains a red sheen, though none of the people present have any way of observing it, and then that red color fades away...

After less than a minute, Dunal opens his eyes. Because of Chrona's extreme time dilation, a ritual that would ordinarily require several hours to complete occurs in a fraction of the time. Two hundred and fifty minutes worth of mind-merging happens in less than one, and he reaps all of the gains at a speed that would disturb any other Psionic master.

Dunal's aura changes. A sense of gravitas surrounds him. He taps into the same well of power as he did before, but now his understanding of the universe's principles evolves far beyond its previous barriers.

[I comprehend now.] Dunal says. [My mind is Awake. I was but a foolish seedling before, ignorant to a great many Truths. No wonder it took me seven thousand Cycles to grok enough Truths to finally ascend. How pitiful my view of Reality was. I must give my deepest thanks to my Ancestor. She has taught me well.]

All of Dunal's fatigue from before disappears. His Seed, energized by his Awakening, burns with fiery heat, igniting his pores and allowing him to drink the faintest, weakest wisps of the universe's Cosmic power. Unfortunately, he is still far too immature to baptize himself in True Cosmic Energy, but someday, should he reach the 6th Level, that will change.

Raavul bursts into the Battle Arena's entrance. She quickly levitates forward to evaluate her student, and a look of shock passes across her eyes.

[A Perfect Ascendance! Dunal, how is this possible? For you to Ascend before your peers is already miraculous enough, but never in my wildest musings did I believe your Seed could Ascend at this quality! You have obtained the firmest possible Foundation upon which to build your future growth!]

Dunal's eyes shine. He bows respectfully toward his teacher.

[Master. I was slow of mind before. I was dull, uncoordinated. It was your excellent teaching, and the competition with my peers that have allowed my Ascendance. I spoke to a Progenitor who lived over one point five million cycles in the past. She informed me that a Perfect Ascension was something only achieved by a select few of our people, including Second Founder Dosena herself...]

Dunal quickly recounts the discussion he held with the ancient Psion master, causing Raavul's eyes to widen and narrow repeatedly. The more profound Truths escape her understanding, but even the shallowest words spoken from such an ancient legend cause her nostrils to flare and her breathing to quicken.

[I see! All this time, I believed that Comprehension was the crux of a solid Foundation, but there was more to it after all. True Combat is a key component of forming a Psionic Seed. Since you have successfully replicated a feat the Second Founder once accomplished, that means you could someday walk the same path as her.]

Jason, listening in on the sidelines, frowns slightly. He crosses his arms and strolls into the Battle Arena.

"Hold on. You're saying because Dunal has repeatedly engaged in battle with the Crocodiles, it helped solidify his Psionic Seed to the level of Perfection?"

Raavul turns to the Wordsmith and quickly nods. [Of course. Why? Did I say something incorrect?]

"No, I wouldn't call it incorrect..." Jason says slowly. "It just seems... obvious? Have your people been taught not to engage in combat?"

[Of course we fight.] Raavul says. [...but not until a Psion reaches the 3rd Level are they typically put in extreme combat situations. It has been the common belief that fighting before one's Path is set will lead to a worse outcome. I am very surprised at this upending of common knowledge.]

A brief moment of silence follows. Jason's expression becomes uneasy.

"You're a warrior species. Don't you find it a little odd that the solution to a 'perfect seed' is simply to fight more? Doesn't this seem obvious to you?"

[Of course, now that the logic is laid out, it makes perfect sense.] Raavul says. [The more we fight, the more we condense our Seeds. I still do not see a problem.]

Jason looks at Raavul. Then he looks at Dunal.

"I guess I'm not spelling it out plainly enough. Who decided that avoiding combat until a Psion reached the 3rd Level was 'common sense'? Doesn't that seem almost... deliberate? As if someone were trying to hide an important Truth about Psionic Ascension?"

He leans forward. "Someone _important_?"

Raavul's smiling eyes lose some of their glimmer. She looks at Jason, troubled, then looks away.

[Someone important. Someone who would benefit from keeping Psions in the dark about the true Path we should all walk... someone who would... stand to gain from our ignorance.]

Jason continues to gaze at the side of Raavul's head. Her expression gradually becomes more and more disturbed, until she finally looks at the Wordsmith again.

[You are strongly implying Founder Dosena is the culprit.] Raavul accuses. [That notion seems far-fetched.]

"Does it?" Jason challenges. "I find it rather suspicious the Volgrim have never had a Psion break past the level of Executor since the end of the Seven Great Wars. Don't you? And now we see that Dunal here has just done something previously thought 'impossible' by following what I would certainly call common sense training. That doesn't strike you as odd?"

Kallista, having approached her opponent a while ago, looks just as bothered as the others. "Uncle, are you saying the Volgrim Founders are deliberately weakening the Psions? I don't want to insult your intellect, but considering they are fighting a losing war against the Plague, doesn't that seem rather foolish? Wouldn't they want to have the strongest armies possible?"

"I would hope so." Jason answers. "But maybe Dosena is keeping her 'people' down deliberately. I've heard that in the ancient past, she killed all the other 9th Level Psions. Maybe she has an... _ego problem._ She doesn't want someone else challenging her position."

[My apologies, Wordsmith.] Raavul says curtly. [But that does _not_ sound like the Second Founder I know.]

"And just how well _do_ you know your Second Founder?" Jason retorts. "Ever had a chat with her? Because I have. Her every word exudes arrogance."

[The Second Founder helped save our people from the Sentinels. She has every right to be arrogant.] Raavul replies, no longer looking at Jason in quite the same friendly manner she did only a few minutes before. [I would appreciate it if you discontinued disparaging the Mightiest Psion. She is not the villain you are making her out to be.]

"Right, I was only hypothesizing." Jason says, holding up his palms. "Sorry. I went a little too far. Maybe this is all just a big coincidence. In any case, we should all be grateful for Dunal's Ascension. He's going to become a real powerhouse in the future!"

Raavul's frosty eyes warm a little. She looks away from Jason toward her student. [Yes. Congratulations, Dunal. I look forward to seeing your growth over the coming cycles. I will also be putting your peers on much stricter combat training in the hopes they can someday obtain a Perfected Seed, as you have.]

[I contemplate and comprehend your wisdom, Aspirator.] Dunal says respectfully. [From now on, my title shall be Servitor. I shall continue my studies and aim to surpass the legends of my Progenitors, becoming a master of Primal Psionics. And next, to enhance my thinking speed, I shall walk the Path of the Second Founder, becoming a Brain Enhancer to complement my raw Primal power.]

"Don't get ahead of yourself." Jason says with a chuckle. "Take things one step at a time. You still have a long way to go before you reach the 3rd Level, if past Ascension rates among your people are anything to go by."

[Inside Chrona, I have nothing if not time.] Dunal says, bowing his head politely. [Now then. I have kept my opponent waiting long enough. Daughter of Kar, are you ready to suffer a defeat most humiliating?]

A sneer fills Kallista's countenance. "Well well, seems your little power-up has made you a lot cockier! Don't think I'll go down easy, because Kar's spawn always fight until we can't move anymore!"

Jason and Raavul make their way out of the Arena. They watch from the sides as Dunal and Kallista once again do battle.

But this time, the situation completely inverts. Dunal's power rise is so shocking that Jason cannot help but gasp repeatedly as the newly Ascended Psion makes short work of his opponent. Using nothing but raw telekinetic power, Dunal thrashes Kallista around, slamming her against the barriers with brutal force, pounding her into the dirt, and otherwise treating her like a chew toy. No matter how incredible Kallista seemed before, anyone with two brain cells to rub together can easily see that she has completely and overwhelmingly lost the fight.

Less than a minute later, Kallista collapses, her body beaten and broken. Despite the horrific beating she took, Jason still gets the impression Dunal didn't act overly aggressive toward her. In fact, at several points, he held back his true power, taking care not to land any overly deadly strikes.

"Absolutely unbelievable." Jason says to Raavul as they watch the fight conclude. "He's as strong as a Demon Baron now. Stronger even, in some ways."

[The first Four Levels of Psionic Ascension are roughly equal to the power of Demon Mortals.] Raavul explains calmly. [At the 4th Level, Psions should be about as powerful as most Demon Emperors, depending on the matchup. At the 5th Level, Psions are overwhelmingly superior to all but the strongest Demon Emperors, such as Satan, and they become eligible to enter the Volgrim military. At the 6th Level, not even Satan himself could touch a Psion.]

"And at the 7th Level, they become Bottom Cosmics." Jason says, his expression becoming a frown. "Hmm. Kind of strange, don't you think?"

[Strange?] Raavul questions.

"Yeah. If the absolute peak of demonic power is equivalent to a 5th level Psion, then why is the next evolution for a Demon the rank of 'Deity'? Shouldn't there be something in-between? Like... I dunno... Demon Half-Deity, or 'DemiDemon,' or Demon Demigod. You know what I mean? Feels like there's a rank missing."

[Demons are innate Soul Manipulators.] Raavul posits. [Perhaps the forcible evolution to Deity simply bypasses a rank demons could acquire normally if they were not hampering themselves via Soul Manipulation. Perhaps if a demon could grow to the rank of Emperor without feasting on souls, in much the way they are doing now on Tarus II, they might discover a level beyond Emperor.]

She shrugs in a decidedly 'human' manner.

[Or perhaps such a rank simply doesn't exist.]

"Yeah. Maybe it just doesn't exist." Jason grunts. "Sure would be neat if it did, though. Well, scary, now that I think about it. Since at least even Bottom Cosmics are limited by the Akashic Rules. I wouldn't want a 'planetary threat' among the Demons who could act recklessly and genocide billions without consequence. Probably better we never pull the genie out of that bottle."

Jason shakes his head. He walks over to Kallista, not bothering to heal her as her brothers and sisters instead haul her off to the Recovery Rooms, where she will take a bath in a vat of magical energy and slowly heal herself back to full.

"You may have lost, but it was a good fight." Jason says to the barely conscious crocodile. "Lots of fun to watch. I'm really proud of you, kid."

Kallista gurgles out a bloody chuckle. "Kyargh... thanks... uncle Jason. Kyahaha..."

After Kallista is escorted away, Jason also makes his departure. He says goodbye to Kar, offers Dunal his praises over his evolution, then teleports to a platform on the edge of Blinker Bay. A teleportation matrix leading back to Realspace stands in isolation, its magical runes belying a thousand powerful enchantments designed to ward away the effects of 250x Time Dilation for those returning to Realspace. Over the decades, Jason and Blinker have worked with Rebecca many times to improve the system. Now, anyone can return to Realspace with little to no side effects.

However, the Psions have already decided to make Chrona their permanent home, and Blinker won't let her kids go back. Instead, everyone has decided they quite enjoy living in a 250x accelerated dilation-space, so literally nobody but Jason ever uses the Transfer Matrix.

Before doing anything else, Jason utters several Words of Power, targeted at Chrona's dimensional space. He stabilizes its time dilation, then he turns his attention to the teleporter.

The Wordsmith steps onto the platform. He keys in some commands onto the magical transference system, setting it to 'outbound' mode, then he targets a carefully calculated position on Tarus II, one of the designated safe landing points where he won't accidentally teleport inside someone, killing himself and that person.

Of course, if Jason wanted, he could also use Chrona's Transfer Matrix to teleport people into the time-accelerated realm without any issues. But that isn't his goal today.

After setting all the options, Jason inhales, then gazes at the center of the teleporter runes.

"Time to play with my baby boy. Heehee! I'm so excited!"

A second later, Jason vanishes from the spot.

_Foop!_