Part 243: Mephisto's Counterattack

_First Day: First Hour._

The darkness of night grows ever omnipresent within the warpgate encampment. Mephisto orders his undead to smash and destroy the lights around themselves while they rampage, causing the terrifying swarms of rotted flesh and bones to melt together in the darkness, making it difficult for the humans to distinguish them from one another.

Many troopers thank their lucky stars that their T-REX's, adapted to work in the pitch-blackness of the Labyrinth, make the need for external light sources almost nonexistent. Their bullets rip through the air and tear into zombies and skeletons with small flashes of light, further illuminating the battlefield.

Among the tens of thousands of human troops in the encampment, the majority of them stand atop the small, fifteen-foot-tall concrete buildings littered throughout the area. They crowd together in clumps of twenty to thirty soldiers per rooftop, barely able to fit their masses of bodies onto each roof without falling off. Each rooftop of human and monster warriors takes out a hundred undead monsters every minute, yet still their bullets barely seem to put a dent in Mephisto's army.

A command comes over the soldiers' intercoms. 

"Commander Hiro speaking. Two massive portal-type gates have just appeared at the western edge of the encampment. Mephisto is most likely behind their appearance. I need two contingents to travel around the north and south side of the encampment and meet Lieutenant Samuel behind the outer walls, while General Chadwick will take over command for the central army. Attack anything that comes out of those gates! Commander Hiro, out."

Thanks to Phoebe's vantage point, 400-feet above the planet's surface, her early warning allows nearly a thousand troopers to swarm around the outer walls toward the camp's west side. Lieutenant Samuel, still smashing monsters into paste with his Rhino, slowly stomps his way through the never-ending masses of undead, relying on his fellow soldiers to pick off any significant threats before they reach him.

"Damn," Samuel grunts. "Battery's at thirty percent. Those ghosts hit me hard."

He activates his comlink with a quick flick of his eyes. Centurion detects his erratic eye movement and immediately triggers Communication Mode.

"Commander Hiro, this is Lieutenant Samuel speaking. I need a power-pack drop! I've only got a third of my battery left, over."

"Roger that," Phoebe replies. "Can you make it to the western wall? I'll drop a pack from low-orbit. Should arrive at the outer wall within three minutes, over."

"I copy," Samuel says, while jamming his fist into a skeleton's ribs and tearing its spine out. "Have the reinforcements cover me- holy shit! Those things are GIGANTIC!"

Samuel temporarily loses his composure as he makes his way past the warpgate platform. He fights off the ceaseless stream of Mephisto's undead while managing a quick glimpse at Mephisto's two new Death Gates, both of which tower more than seventy feet into the air. The portals continue to coalesce while sucking in mana from the ambient air around them, giving them the impression of giant vacuum cleaners.

"Commander Hiro, what the hell are those things?!" Samuel asks. "Have you ever seen them before? Over!"

Phoebe sighs. "Negative, Lieutenant. No doubt, they're similar to the warpgate in some way. They don't look like Warper portals, however, so I'm not sure if our interspatial dampeners will work on them. Get your batteries refilled and keep doing what you do best; killing demons. Commander Hiro out."

Phoebe's connection terminates, leaving Samuel grasping at straws. Intuitively, he understands the general purpose of the Death Gates, but being unable to see the other two inside the Labyrinth Core, he hasn't a clue as to what they specifically do.

"What a pain in the ass," Samuel grumbles. "Forget it. I'll recharge my suit and deal with anything that pokes its head out."

Samuel's HUD illuminates with green lights, pointing out dozens of landmines in his path, as well as tripwires and traps designed for murdering demons. He makes his way past them and arrives at the western wall just in time for both of Mephisto's Death Gates to finish forming.

"Shit."

Samuel curses in annoyance as the portals stabilize, forming into giant black doorways connected to the world of death. With a size even bigger than the gates inside the Labyrinth, they allow a torrential stream of undead to come pouring out. Fifty powerful Dullahans, horse-riding creatures with heavy armor, burst out of the gate and charge forward. The headless horsemen charge in every direction, stomping the landmines around the gate and causing tremendous explosions all over the place. The ignition of a dozen bombs not far from Samuel's position throws him off his feet and slams him against the bordering wall.

"Aargh!"

Samuel cries out, but more in alarm rather than pain, thanks to his Rhino's protection. He tumbles backward and lands on his ass for a moment before quickly picking himself up. Not wanting to delay, the Lieutenant ignites limited-duration rockets under his boots and leaps skyward, clearing the thirty-foot encampment walls with ease. Despite his boot-rockets running out of juice, he manages to land atop the fifteen-foot-wide battlement without any trouble. A light in the sky makes Samuel raise his head, where he spots Phoebe's care package dropping from low orbit. It rushes toward a spot some hundred-feet from the encampment's outer wall and crashes into the dirt with a _boom!_

Samuel hops the crenels on the steel-and-stone walls and lands on the ground outside just in time to see a thousand other commandos running toward him from the north and south walls.

"Right on time!" Samuel shouts. "Get up there and start shooting! The demons just got some additional reinforcements! Don't let them swarm toward the rest of our troops or they'll overrun us!"

"Sir, yes sir!"

Samuel runs toward his rapidly-cooling battery pack and sighs as its container pops open. "I hope we survive the night."

---

**[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTRKH_E0XXE)**

Mephisto's Death Gates materialize silently and without fanfare, but their presence on the battlefield marks a paradigm shift. Humanity's forces envelop the insides of the encampment. Soldiers line up along the fifteen-foot-wide walls, unloading hundreds of thousands of bullets at the undead invaders. The Death Gates, facing east, release a landslide of rotted corpses upon Tarus II's surface. What once seemed a terrifying amount of landmines and tripwires becomes useless in the face of so many unending enemies.

The first wave of Dullahans, headless armored warriors riding atop midnight-colored horses, proves to be some of the weakest forces among Mephisto's army.

Countless undead demons, including Burners and Burrowers, erupt from the left Death Gate. They begin digging underneath the encampment while slinging powerful fireballs at the soldiers atop the walls. Hundreds of feet beneath the encampment, explosive rumbles signify the detonations of Phoebe's Seismic Mines. Dozens of burrowers perish instantly, while flames erupt from the holes they dug, scorching any undead too close to those openings.

Humans atop the walls throw grenades toward the ground, aiming for the holes left behind by the dead Burrowers. When the grenades explode, they do so not with fire and shrapnel, but a mysteriously dense quick-hardening agent. The holes immediately seal, preventing Mephisto's undead from traveling beneath the battlefield like termites.

Mephisto, flitting around underground, howls angrily, clearly disturbed by the humans' tenacity. "You won't ssstop me for long!"

Four hours pass.

Among the hundreds of thousands of human soldiers available to fight on the frontlines, only fifty thousand or so work together at any given moment to subdue Mephisto's forces. With space limited by the terrain, the majority of the allied forces stand atop buildings and towers throughout the camp, firing down upon Mephisto's swarm.

Despite their clearcut tactical advantages, humanity begins to lose ground. Mephisto switches tactics, making his strongest undead rip through the concrete buildings to crumble them to powder. This forces many commandos to retreat, which in turn allows the hordes to advance.

With the dark of night at its most omnipresent, the commandos begin sweating like crazy.

"Sweet mother of god! How many minions does Mephisto have?!"

"How should I know?! Keep firing! Blast the motherfuckers!"

The commandos howl at one another, their voices only distinguishable from the constant stream of gunfire thanks to their T-REX's dampening the outside sounds. Fatigue begins to set in among humanity's ranks, forcing them to swap out for fresh soldiers.

However, with the undead pressing them from the frontlines at all times, they never have a moment to pull back.

"Commander Hiro!" Chadwick shouts. "We need covering fire! If these soldiers keep fighting any longer, they'll die of exhaustion, over!"

His voice transmits to Phoebe, no longer inside her giant spider-mech. She zips around in the skies above, riding inside a sleek vessel, the one her husband uses on the regular, Esther. As she flies overhead, keeping an eye on the battlefield, she occasionally strafe-fires lines of lasers across the undead hordes.

"I copy, Chadwick. The second wave of reinforcements is ready and waiting. You just need to find the right moment to pull our girls and boys out of there, over."

"Dammit, that's the problem!" Chadwick growls. "The moment we stop firing, the horde will rush at us! Further, the dead bodies we hoped would block their path keep sucking into the ground! Mephisto is keeping the path clear for his scum-sucking-"

"Chadwick, calm down, please," Phoebe says, her voice stern. "Casualties are inevitable. We can't save everyone, and we might save no-one. Do the best you can. Get our troops out of there and swap in fresh blood as best as you can. You won't be able to save everyone from such a fierce assault, over."

Chadwick's breathing hastens. "But-"

"That's an order, General. Commander Hiro, out."

Without another word, Phoebe cuts the line, leaving Chadwick flabbergasted.

However, after a minute, Chadwick regains his bearings. He stares at the front line troops for a minute and shakes his head. "This is General Chadwick speaking. Second and third line, swap out! Front line, hold on while we get some fresh blood to back you up."

Immediately, the General causes panic to surge among the hundred or so troopers at the front, all of whom rely on the troopers behind them to help thin the zombie hordes. "What?! If the people behind us stop firing, we're goners!"

Chadwick nods, though the frontliners don't see his gesture. "That's right. I'm sorry, everyone. We have to hold on until Jason or Hope returns. Anyone who dies today, I solemnly swear to give your families the best treatment!"

Every man and woman at the front grits their teeth with determination.

"...So be it, General! We'll hold them off as long as possible! We won't let these bastards advance an inch!"

The General's gaze falls upon the rooftops filled to the brim with soldiers, all packed so tightly they barely have room to fire their weapons.

"Retreat in ten seconds! I'll get the next group there the moment I have room for them to stand!"

...

A minute later, after the rear troops retreat, but before the new troops have time to make their way across the rooftops to the frontlines, the undead swarm surges forward, their maws open and ready to bite. They immediately begin climbing the roofs of the buildings, terrifying the frontline troopers beyond belief.

"I-I can't kill them fast enough! Where are the reinforcements?!"

"They're climbing! They're crawling over each- aaaaargh!"

Several soldiers howl in fear as the undead pounce at them and begin ripping at the hardened nanite armor. Despite even the basic T-REX's possessing superior defenses, they aren't resilient enough to resist the clawing of countless monsters and undead demons.

By the time Chadwick's reinforcements begin jumping from rooftop to rooftop toward their comrades, it's already too late. The hundred soldiers he left behind perish horrible, gruesome deaths, only to rise shortly thereafter as Mephisto's newest minions.

"Dammit! SHIT!" Chadwick yells. Angered beyond belief, he points at the newly arisen troopers and the other undead scaling the roofs and yells, "Kill them all! Don't let our friends suffer under Mephisto's control!"

Luckily, thanks to precautions taken many years before, the T-REX's of all fallen warriors become inert and useless if their pilots' bio-signs fail. The newly arisen frontliners become ordinary humans, unable to defend themselves against the hailstorm of bullets from their freshly-arrived allies.

"You scumbag, Mephisto!" One of the new arrivals shouts. "You'll pay for today! We'll kill you for sure!"

Underground, Mephisto doesn't hear the wails and screams of the anguished newcomers. He closes his eyes and continues manipulating his armies, surging forward hundreds of feet deeper into the encampment.

"Kekeke! Yesss, yesss! It isss asss I predicted! Thessse flessshbagsss are no match for my overwhelming numbersss!"

Slowly, Mephisto begins to gain the upper hand. He continuously sucks any fallen bodies underground, clearing a path for his minions, whole also directing his army toward any gaps in the humans' defenses.

"Kekeke! I may not be an Emperor, but you will sssoon find I am more than a match for a bunch of sssimpleton monkeysss!"

...

_Western wall._

Samuel holds a giant plasma cannon in his arms. The two-foot-wide and four-foot-long weapon charges up and fires superheated balls of energy at the undead below, exploding groups of ten and twenty into meat paste with every shot. The scorching hot plasma melts their biomass down to mere glops of goop, causing tremendous damage every twenty seconds when it fires.

Suddenly, the flow of skeletons and Dullahans from the left gate slows to a crawl.

A shiver goes down Samuel's back as a vague sense of danger appears in the back of his mind.

At that moment, a giant's leg emerges through the seventy-fool-tall Death Gate. 

Thirty-feet-long, the leg steps through slowly, lazily. Its pure white coloration stands out in the darkness of the night, giving it an appearance distinct from all the other undead.

One of the troopers nearest Samuel stops shooting his rifle. He gazes at the leg with a look of pure horror. "Sweet mother in heaven! It can't be!"

Samuel jerks his head toward the man. "What is that thing?"

A pair of giant, hairy hands, also colored white, emerge through the gate and grab its sides. By now, every trooper's attention has fixated on the emerging monstrosity.

"It's... it's a..."

The man trembles, terrified to spit the creature's name out.

"...a F-Frost Giant! From Antica!"

Samuel's stomach sinks to the bottom of his feet. "Antica?! The frost world? That hellish, ceaselessly cold planet?!"

"Yes!" The man screeches. 

Everyone watches with unblinking eyes as a twenty-foot head emerges through the portal, its face looking like a horrible cross between a gorilla and a wolf. Its snout sticks out of its face, along with its mouth. The creature's beady black eyes flick around as it surveys the area.

"Open fire!" Samuel roars.

All 1,000 of the troops on the western wall get into position to fire at the front of the frost giant's Death Gate. They unload a hailstorm of bullets, missiles and grenades, only to widen their eyes in shock as their attacks bounce off the giant uselessly.

After a moment of hesitation, the Frost Giant climbs through the Death Gate and emerges onto Tarus II's soil, its 120-foot-tall body barely managing to squeeze through the 70-foot portal. Once it straightens its posture, sheer panic erupts among humanity's forces.

"We're not hurting it! We aren't even tickling it!"

"Backup! We need backup!"

Samuel's eyes hurriedly flick around his helmet's HUD, activating his comlink. "Commander Hiro, Lieutenant Samuel speaking! Get the heavy munitions to the western wall now! Right now! We've got a Frost Giant here, over!"

Phoebe's reply comes immediately. "What?! A Frost Giant?! How is that possible? Ah! Don't tell me Mephisto somehow obtained one of their corpses?"

"How the fuck should I know?!" Samuel screams, blood veins popping on his forehead. "Just get me something- anything! We have to kill this thing before... before..."

Samuel falls silent.

The Frost Giant, now fully within the confines of the world, turns around to look toward the western wall. However, its eyes fall not upon the wall or the soldiers defending it, but the portal it just stepped through.

At that moment...

A second pair of Frost Giant hands grab hold of the Death Gate's edges.

Another massive head emerges.

All the while, the western soldiers' morale sinks into the abyss.

"T-two... two Frost... Giants..." Samuel mutters, his heartbeat slowing to a crawl. "Backup. Please. We're all about to die."

Phoebe's voice comes quickly but quietly, her words a whisper. "Samuel. Pull your men out of there. I've just ordered Chadwick to retreat as well. I'm going to activate the King Cannons."

"They won't-" Samuel says.

"That wasn't a request, Lieutenant," Phoebe says, cutting him off. "Commander Hiro, out."

Moments later, all of humanity's forces begin a quick and furious retreat. With two insanely powerful presences on the battlefield, their immediate loss becomes inevitable.

...

Underground, Mephisto cackles with glee. "Yesss! Yessss! I lucked out! To think, thossse Frossst Giantsss would emerge! Sssummoning them myssself would require a tremendousss amount of mana, but stepping through the Death Gate cossstsss me nothing! Kekekeke! My victory isss inevitable now!"

The Duke of Mist peeps out of the ground to gaze at his newly emerged Duke-Level monsters with excited eyes.

"Sssturdy, nearly invincccible, and big enough to crusssh all the flessshbag'sss defensssesss! Now I can finally win thisss war! Go, my prettiesss! The flessshbagsss have already retreated! Thisss planet isss asss good asss oursss!"

His command transmits to the pair of undead giants. They nod imperceptibly and begin stomping toward the east. Every step crushes a dozen undead into pulp, but Mephisto pays the low-level minions no mind. 

Within ten steps, the giants arrive at the buildings to the east. They casually and effortlessly stomp every structure into rubble, causing earthquakes throughout the region.

"Kekekeke! Too magnificccent! Too powerful! What will you do, flessshbagsss? Will you unleasssh the nuclear bombsss you onccce coveted ssso dearly?! Bahaha! That will only ssspell your own end! You cannot ssstop my mightiessst minionsss!"

Without any humans to thin the herd, Mephisto's army size swells to over a hundred thousand. The undead rush the half-mile toward the eastern wall and begin climbing atop one another to clear its thirty-foot hurdle.

As Mephisto watches, one of his minions reports a strange light in the sky. The Duke of Mist immediately raises his eyes toward the starry night, where he discovers a tiny ball of light, barely any bigger than a star, flying overhead.

"Hmm? A ssspacccessship? No. Too ssslow. Sssomething elssse?"

Narrowing his eyes, Mephisto enhances his vision to its upper limits. He picks out a giant metal ball rushing through the upper atmosphere, its surface alight from burning up on re-entry.

Mephisto blinks.

"Sssomething isssn't right. Why did the flessshbagsss pull away ssso quickly? sssurely, they would have tried firing ssstronger weaponsss. Isss thisss metal sphere... a _bomb_?!"

The Duke of Mist doesn't panic. However, as the burning hot orb begins to rapidly descend toward the planet below, Mephisto's body shudders. "What sssort of weapon isss that?!"

The orb explodes, revealing ten thousand foot-long steel rods, all of them with sharpened tips.

The incoming hailstorm of fifteen-pound rods spreads apart and becomes a deadly shower of arrow-like shrapnel. By the time Mephisto sees the attack coming, he's too late.

_Swish! Shik! Shik! Shik!_

The steel rods hit the ground at hundreds of miles an hour like thunderbolts, all of them ripping through anything in their paths and embedding tens of feet into Tarus II's soft soil. Instantly, thirty thousand undead perish.

At the same time, Mephisto's Frost Giants don't come out unscathed either. A hundred iron rods strike their bodies and embed a few feet into their organs, causing light damage. Due to lacking pain receptors, the giants don't cry out, but they still slow down noticeably.

"W-what a frightening attack!" Mephisto hisses. "That ssstrange metal ball killed a third of my forcccesss! It isss a good thing my Frossst Giantsss barely took any damage, or- AH!"

Mephisto shrieks in fright. His eyes bulge as he spots three more fireballs streaking overhead.

"More?! There are more?! No! No! My minionsss! Ssstop killing my children, you filthy flessshbagsss! SSSTOP!"

Ten seconds later, a hailstorm of steel rods three times more intense than the previous one falls from the skies. Fifty thousand undead creatures perish in the blink of an eye.

"Noooooo!" Mephisto howls in anguish. "Wretched flessshbagsss! Alwaysss with the tricksss! Aaaaargh!"

Mephisto loses enough undead creatures to summon five Brutes, making him wail and beat his ribs.

He glances at his Frost Giants. Due to many hundreds of iron barbs jamming into their bodies, their movements become slower and less responsive than ever. Both of the humongous monsters step over the thirty foot wall and begin lumbering toward the east, but Mephisto's soul fills with dread.

Far away, amidst the blackness of the night, a dozen bright flashes of light reveal the presence of multiple artillery cannons. These weapons of war fire long-range projectiles across the two-mile distance to the warpgate encampment, where Phoebe, still inside Esther, feeds them attack coordinates.

Unable to dodge due to their wounds, Mephisto's Frost Giants can only stand and gape at the fireballs rocketing toward them.

_Boom! Boom!_

Huge explosions detonate against the giant's chests as the mortar shells bombard them at hundreds of miles an hour.

After just fifty shells finding their marks, the undead creatures topple backward and crash against the encampment's eastern walls, crushing them into rubble. The Giants perish, eliminating one of Mephisto's greatest trump cards.

The Duke of Mist stares, shellshocked, at his greatest loss so far.

He swallows a hundred shallow breaths, exhaling figurative fire from his nostrils as rage engulfs his mind.

"You... you will regret thisss... flesshbagsss. I wasss taking it easssy on you. I wanted to sssteal all the credit for myssself. No more. I sssee now the errorsss of my waysss..."

Silently, Mephisto falls back underground. He rushes toward the warpgate with agony in his eyes.

"It isss time. The Battle Brothersss will finally ssshow thessse flessshbagsss the might of the Hell of Blood! We will rip them limb from limb! SKREEE!!"