Part 177: Deadly Hydration

_Several minutes earlier._

Jason, Phoebe, and Belial shoot a look of surprise at Henry as the young man breaks away from them and rushes over to reinforce his fellow soldiers. However, he pays the three of them no mind and quickly crosses the battlefield to arrive at his comrade's sides.

Dozens of bodies lay lifelessly strewn about here and there. A one-armed woman slashes with her sword at one of the Hydra's legs, ignoring the pain from her severed limb. Blood flows freely from its stump, but her nanite-armor doesn't manage to seal off the injury like it usually would. Due to the immense damage her suit has taken, the soldier can only spend her last moments trying to wound the Behemoth-class monster.

Henry grinds his teeth as he evaluates the woman's condition. _Kyra is too injured for me to save. Compared to the soldiers in the Core, the Tarus reserve personnel are pathetic! They're barely putting up a fight against these monsters!_

The young soldier runs past the injured woman and flicks his gaze toward a group of men and women using teamwork to fend off the assault of the wyverns above. The lightning-type wyverns rain electricity upon them, destabilizing their nanite suits, while the fire-type wyverns unleash infernal blasts, cooking them alive.

As Henry clears the gap between himself and the others, he calls out a single word. "Boost!"

The group of soldiers turn their heads in his direction. Upon seeing a painted yellow line across the incoming soldier's chest, their hearts leap for joy.

_Ah! That man is a member of the Core personnel! He's a lieutenant!_

_We're saved!_

Henry jumps toward them and stretches out his leg. As if on cue, the group of low-ranked soldiers clump together and extend their palms outward to catch his foot. Then, they hurl him straight upward, aiming for the wyverns above. Henry coils his leg to combine his strength with theirs. The moment his fellow soldiers throw him skyward, he unleashes the power in his body to triple their kinetic force, giving himself a massive burst of speed.

Halfway into his jump, Henry taps a button on his T-REX and summons a nano-bladed sword, one with an edge sharp enough to lop down a tree in a single swing. He curls it below his waist, and at the last second, swings it upward.

_Swish!_

An unlucky fire-type wyvern takes its last breath as Henry decapitates it with a single swing. Unlike the awkward motions of the soldiers below him, those too weak to enter the Core's fighting forces, his experience and battle prowess reaches several tiers beyond them. With a single move, he wipes out one of the fearsome enemies terrorizing Tarus II's reserve forces as if it were a flying ant.

Henry's eyes flash as he throws his nanite-sword. It shoots from his hand like a bullet and rushes straight at an ice-type wyvern. The wyrm screeches in pain and plummets to the ground below, where it perishes on impact. The sword continues into the distance, disappearing into the mountains, never to be seen again.

Lieutenant Henry finally loses his momentum and descends toward the planet's surface. With a quick flick of his legs, he deftly spins around in midair and lands on the ground feet-first, allowing his T-REX to absorb the brunt of the impact.

_Damn,_ Henry thinks. _I only managed to kill two wyverns. Compared to Commander Hope's battle prowess, I am sorely lacking. Even without tapping into his Wordsmithing, he could wipe me out with his physical strength alone. I'll have to train harder if I hope to win Miss Oshina's favor!_

For a brief moment, an image of a beautiful, white-haired woman appears in Henry's mind.

_Miss Oshina is the only person I will ever love! I'll do anything for her, including eradicating these so-called 'heroes.' Even if it costs me my life, I won't allow these damned demon-worshippers to take over humanity._

Henry tilts his head slightly. Even in the heat of battle, his sharpened instincts afford him a moment to shoot a hate-filled glance at Jason, the leader of Tarus II.

_For Commander Neil to have been taken in by the honey-filled words of Hope, that shows how dangerous these demon-loving bastards are. Where else could their powers come from, if not some unholy pact with our enemies? Only a fool would believe they possess some 'divine' power. Humans must rely on our strength, and nothing else. Once I expose Jason and Hope's deceitful plots, Neil will have no choice but to recognize me as his inheritor. With that, I'll finally be able to win Miss Oshina's heart!_

The young Lieutenant swallows his seething rage and immediately returns his attention to the monsters around him.

A lightning-type wyvern fires a thunder-orb at the group of soldiers who helped Henry only a moment before. Without any hesitation, Henry leaps toward a boulder, wraps his arms around it, and uses the T-REX's power to rip the rock from the ground. With a weight of nearly two tons, the stone would crush any human under ordinary circumstances, but Henry hoists it onto his shoulders as though it were an infant.

"Huff!"

Henry hurls the boulder over the other soldier's heads. An instant before the orb of lightning strikes them, Henry's makeshift shield crosses its path.

_Thoom!_

The rock shatters into a thousand pieces after absorbing the brunt of the wyvern's attack. However, thanks to Henry's swift movements, he manages to save the lives of the other soldiers by dissipating the wyvern's electric energy before it can reach their nanites.

"Lieutenant! Thank you!"

One of the soldiers offers a quick word of thanks before turning his attention to the sky. The wyvern above starts to unleash another attack, only for it to squawk in surprise.

"Skraw?!"

Jason's Wordsmithing strikes it and the other remaining lightning-type wyverns with a mental attack. Disoriented, the three of them plummet from the skies and strike the earth with a thunderous crash.

Henry smiles. _Jason and Hope might be traitors to humanity, but they still have to put on airs to protect their righteous image. It's like Miss Oshina said: they can't afford to have others second-guess them, now. It's all part of their ploy to reduce our wariness!_

Shaking his head, Henry leaps at the stunned wyverns and rears back for a punch. _No matter what, the other humans are innocent! They can't help being deceived by these ungodly hellspawn! I'll protect everyone and prove I'm the true hero!_

Unleashing all of his pent-up rage, Henry swings his fist forward and batters one of the wyverns right in the head. The monster doesn't have time to react as its skull bursts like a balloon.

At the same time, the remaining soldiers work together to impale and dice apart the two remaining wyverns, leaving three corpses behind to clean up later.

"Pass me your blade!" Henry yells, aiming his attention at the nearest soldier. Without hesitation, the woman turns around and flings her weapon toward him. Henry snatches it from the air and nods.

"Lieutenant!" The woman says, offering him a quick nod. "We're here to help!"

"Let's take down the Hydra!" Henry says, sweeping his gaze to ten nearby soldiers. Follow my commands, and this brute won't last long!"

The woman pauses for a moment. "But sir! Whenever we cut off a head, it grows two more! How can we defeat something which has no weaknesses?"

Henry snorts. "Everything has a weakness, soldier! Aim for the body. Leave the heads to the damned- I mean, leave them to Commander Hiro! We have to slow the monster down so Jason can kill it."

"I... I see! We'll do whatever you say, sir!"

The woman and her comrades nod in unison. They begin executing battle strategies according to Henry's commands.

Minutes pass.

Henry works in tandem with the other soldiers to cut the Hydra's belly and legs. While doing so, he shoots glances at Jason and Phoebe from time to time, but his gaze lingers the longest on Belial.

Belial pounds one of the Hydra's heads backward with tremendous force, shattering its jaw. Henry's complexion pales when he sees this.

_Tch. As expected of the Second Emperor. The infiltrator possesses fearsome strength! Ten of our mightiest warriors wouldn't stand a chance, not even if they ambushed her in the dead of night. It's no wonder Miss Oshina ordered me to keep an eye on her._

His eyes flick toward Phoebe.

_Before the devil-worshipper and the Second Emperor beguiled her; Miss Berthold was a wonderful woman capable of rallying an army to her side. But now, I can't look at her with anything but disgust. She's fallen for the lies spoken by the so-called Hero, believing demons and humans can actually work together. Gah! How sickening. Just the thought of her betrayal nauseates me. Phoebe's day of reckoning will soon arrive, and when it does..._

Henry clenches his fist and smashes it against one of the Hydra's legs. Even with his enhanced strength and the power of the T-REX, he barely manages to dent the monster's carapace.

_Phoebe won't have anywhere to escape!_

Suddenly, with his fist still pressed against the Hydra's leg, a falling sensation engulfs Henry's mind. The young lieutenant gasps as an invisible field of energy swallows him.

_Foop!_

He, along with the Hydra and a few other soldiers, disappear from the foot of the Warpgate Pavilion and reappear several football fields away. Yanked over by some unknown force, Henry raises his head to the skies in confusion.

There, he witnesses an unbelievable sight.

Jason, the Hero of humanity; the devil-worshipper with ill-gotten powers from the underworld, loses control of his body and plummets limply toward the Hydra's open maw.

The behemoth eagerly opens its mouth as it senses the aura of the one who has spent the last fifteen minutes oppressing it and its comrades.

Across the battlefield, where the Hydra stood only a moment earlier, Phoebe's eyes widen in horror as her husband plunges into the monster's shark-like mouth.

"JASOOON!! NOOOO!"

She barely manages to take a single step before Jason lands inside the creature's gullet.

_Gulp._

The Hydra swallows Jason whole and shrieks in delight. "Skreeeee!!"

The taste of the Hero permeates its body. Jason's rich heroic energy immediately absorbs into the Hydra, enriching its vitality.

Belial whips her head around and stares in horror as she realizes what's happened.

"Oh, devils!"

The Hydra's seven heads raise to the sky. It howls like a wolf as mana erupts from every pore of its body. 

Phoebe dashes toward the Hydra. Tears bubble in her eyes as she tries not to imagine the awful pain Jason must be suffering as the Hydra digests him.

"Jason... Jason... don't be dead... please, don't be dead!"

As Phoebe runs, Belial suddenly appears at her side. The Second Emperor matches her speed to Phoebe's.

"Phoebe! Slow down! Listen to me! You can't fight the Hydra; you're no match for it, now!"

"Don't try to stop me!" Phoebe screams. Her voice cracks as raw emotions tug at her heart. "That bastard is eating my husband! It's swallowing Jason as we speak!!"

Belial's expression turns grim. "The Hydra isn't like other monsters! It seeks out prey with high levels of mana and absorbs their energy to fuel itself. With Jason's mana purity, he should be able to survive for several minutes. We have to come up with a plan! If you rush in there, the Hydra will kill you!"

"Better me than Jason!" Phoebe yells. "He's the Hero! I have to save him! I can't let him die!"

Both women race across the battlefield, clearing the distance within seconds. They grind to a halt a hundred meters from the Hydra and gaze up at the monster as its ocean-blue skin slowly shifts into a whiter shade reminiscent of the clouds. Jason's pure heroic energy floods through its body, tripling its offensive and defensive capabilities. The monster balloons in size, from fifty-feet in height to over a hundred and fifty!

The Hydra's size increase startles Phoebe, causing her to retreat a few steps. Where before, it was a mere Behemoth-class existence, now it approaches the pinnacle of a Titan-class monster. Radiant energy ripples from the Hydra's body, penetrating Phoebe's T-REX armor to leave her in a cold sweat.

"W-we have to save Jason! Why are we standing around, doing nothing?!"

Belial's gaze hardens. "The last time I fought a Hydra, it was two-thirds the size of this one. I had the help of Diablo, Mephisto, and Bael, yet killing the bastard took us seven hours. With my capabilities alone, the best I can do is knock it around. By now, its intelligence has surely reached that of a human's!"

Phoebe blinks. She stares at the howling Hydra in disbelief. "We... we need Hope's help! If he comes here, we'll be able to stop the Hydra and save Jason!"

After hearing Phoebe's idea, Belial's expression loosens up, and a spark appears in her eyes. "That's right! Phoebe, you go and tell the others to radio Hope! By now, the Core personnel should have been alerted. I'll try to hold the Hydra off! If we can hold out until Hope arrives, we might be able to save-"

Before Belial can finish her sentence, the Hydra exits its trance and lasers onto the insects at its feet. It charges forward at a terrifying speed and snaps several of its heads at the women, intending to kill them in one blow.

"Shit!"

Phoebe shoves Belial away and leaps to the side, narrowly avoiding a gruesome death. The Hydra's heads smash against the planet's soil, causing it to eat huge mouthfuls of dirt.

Indignant, the Hydra screeches at the insects who narrowly avoided their doom. "Skreee!!"

"Over here, you big, ugly turtle!" Belial yells. Her words pierce the air and catch the Hydra's attention. With its newly enhanced intelligence, the beast comprehends her meaning and tilts its head toward her.

"Skree? _Skree._"

The monster's formerly shrill shrieking dies down, and a more menacing tone enters its voice. The Hydra's pitch-black reptilian eyes fall on Belial, and all seven of its heads swivel to face her.

A few scattered thoughts pass through the Hydra's mind as it evaluates the tiny little demon who insulted it.

_I smell demonic mana. This one is a threat. If I consume it, I will become stronger._

A ferocious light appears in the Hydra's eyes. All seven of its heads pivot toward Belial to focus on her exclusively, and a moment later, it lunges toward her with five times the intensity it did before.

_Crash! Crash! Crash!_

Each head sweeps toward her with the killing intent of a viper nest. Belial charges toward the Hydra and stretches her fists out to knock aside and pummel any of the heads that get too close. Over and over, she smashes and punches the Hydra with all of her strength, but unlike before, the Hydra takes little damage from her attacks. Instead, agony sprouts in her arms, almost as if she were a child punching brick walls repeatedly.

"Augh! Shit! I knew the Hydra would become stronger, but this is ridiculous! Hold on, Jason!"

While Belial battles the Hydra, Phoebe retreats as quickly as she can and races back to the Warpgate Pavilion. She doesn't even glance at the fallen soldiers this time, nor the corpses of the wyverns. Instead, she pushes her speed to the limits and charges into the portal.

_Whump!_

Phoebe collides with a tall, green monster and ends up tripping against him. Both of them tumble down the warpgate's stairs and hit the ground with a thunderous _boom_, rattling the teeth of the nearby troopers. 

"White-hair?" The monster asks. 

Phoebe raises her head to see the familiar face of Kar, the reptilian Sphinx, as he stares at her, dumbfounded. "W-whaddya doing in here? We were about to come to you!"

Phoebe blinks. She jumps off Kar and glances around. Two hundred heavily armed soldiers, each with one or more yellow stripes across their chests, look at her in surprise.

Unlike the reserve troops on Tarus II, the mere presence of these well-trained soldiers sends shivers down the backs of their enemies. Having fought in the Labyrinth under Hope and Neil for the last six years, each one's accumulated battle experience makes them a ferocious enemy to demonkind.

"It's terrible!" Phoebe says, hastily explaining the situation. "There's a Hydra on Tarus II! It swallowed Jason and increased its power explosively! We need help! Where's Hope? He has to come here right this instant!"

Kar nods. "Hurgh. We know. I had to take a few minutes to gather the troops, but don't worry! I already sent Rabbit an SOS. He'll get the signal soon."

Phoebe's agitation doesn't vanish. Instead, she starts to shake and tremble. "You did? Where is he? Why isn't he here yet? Jason is going to die!"

Kar nods at the troopers, and all of them quickly charge over to the portal and pass through, leaving Kar behind with Phoebe. "Don't worry! We don't have a portal pointed toward Maiura, so it'll take us a few minutes to connect. Once we call, Rabbit will teleport here!"

Phoebe nods frantically, then turns around and heads back to the portal, dragging Kar along behind her. "Come on! We have to activate Tarus's orbital defenses! If Hope doesn't show, it will be our only method for dealing with the Hydra! Samantha can't... she can't handle it on her own!"

Kar stumbles after Phoebe and hurriedly activates his T-REX. The slender, muscular body of the Sphinx abruptly disappears as nanites surge from his chest and swallow him whole. A moment later, he replies. "I'll help her out, don't you worry!"

Both of them disappear into the portal. The moment they pass through, Phoebe pauses. She stares into the distance and sees something that makes her heart stop.

"H-huh? What... what happened?"

Kar pauses beside her. He stares uncomprehendingly at the massive lake of blood and gore coating the battlefield half a mile away.

A horrible stench wafts across the region, capable of sickening anyone unequipped with a T-REX. The odor of iron and copper fills the air as the sea of plasma slowly spreads out and seeps into the ground.

Phoebe stares at the spot where the Hydra stood only a minute earlier. Now, nothing remains.

"The Hydra... is dead?"

Suddenly, Kar raises his finger to point at the sky. "Look! Isn't that Jason, up there?"

A smile crosses Phoebe's face. Tears flow freely as she gazes upon the majestic sight of her husband levitating in the sky. His body exudes the warm aura of a hero.

"Oh, Creator... he didn't die. My husband is still alive. Thank you... thank you!"

Jason hovers in the sky for several seconds. Below him, standing amidst the lake of blood, Belial stares, uncomprehendingly.

"How did he do it? Jason shouldn't have had a drop of mana left. Isn't that why he fainted? Then... how did he...?"

As Belial stares in disbelief at the man levitating above her, the hairs on the back of her neck slowly prick up, one by one. Jason doesn't fly down to greet her. Instead, the Hero of humanity slowly, deliberately, aims one finger at the succubus below him.

_Fwip._

A dot of energy fires from his fingertip. Barely making the faintest of sounds, the seemingly harmless marble rushes toward Belial faster than she can react.

_Fwoomp._

A near-silent explosion of energy detonates inches from Belial's face. Holy Energy irradiates the spot where she stands, resulting in a blast radius of over a hundred meters. Belial doesn't get a chance to scream as her vision turns bright white.

Phoebe and Kar stare with horror-filled eyes as the leader of humanity launches a lethal attack at the Second Emperor of demonkind.

Phoebe's vision wavers as she tries to comprehend her husband's actions.

"J-Jason... why... what...?"

Kar says nothing. However, a wave of killing intent emits from his eyes.

_That person ain't Turtle._

_He's a demon._