Part 370: Emperor Gorn's Dao

_At the 'Horned Maître,' located inside the Fortress of Retribution, a stone's throw from the Lazarus Tower._

Jason Hiro sits inside a private booth at the largest restaurant on Tarus II. Owned by his family's chef, Yamir, this place is mostly managed by Yamir's extended bloodline, those minotaurs who have immigrated from Hell in the last week or two. Yamir himself spends most of his time doing what he loves; cooking in the back and managing the kitchen staff. As for the restaurant's other activities, he only plays an auxiliary role.

The Horned Maître, a five-story restaurant with progressively fancier meals and accommodations on each of the higher-level floors, allows for its patrons to spend currency lavishly, assuming they have the Merit Tokens to afford its exclusive and exquisite dining options.

On the first floor, more than six hundred people can sit amidst the hundred-or-so relatively common-looking tables and chairs. For a single Merit Token, each member in a family or a friend group can partake in some of the best cooking in all of Tarus II's civilized space.

On the second floor, that number drops to three hundred people. A few extra, slightly more exclusive meals get added to the menu, but all of them cost two Merit Tokens.

On the third floor, the number of people who can be seated halves, while the costs double.

And so on, up to the fifth floor, where a mere forty people can sit and partake in the most scrumptious and refined food in all of human society. At this level, every meal costs sixteen Merit Tokens per person. This unbelievably extravagant price is, in truth, a sinkhole for those with no thoughts for saving money, or those who want to impress their friend circles.

Additionally, at the fifth floor, every dining area is actually a sealed, private booth where people can discuss business under the cover of magical fairy formations. These formations not only isolate noise, but spiritual senses and visual perception, preventing outsiders from listening in or observing any potentially illicit conversations.

Of course, the Wordsmith's fairy allies are an exception. They record every conversation for administrative and security purposes.

Inside one of the eight private booths, with seats for four guests, just two people sit.

Jason Hiro, and Emperor Gorn.

The reanimated, partially undead Demon Emperor leans back in his chair and meets the Wordsmith's eyes with an even gaze.

"I'm not surprised you were able to amass a thousand Merit Points in just two weeks." Jason says, while leaning forward and casually resting his hands and elbows on the table. "Only that you aren't spending them on your Hell's minions or a Body Booster."

"Heh. The affairs of my Hell have never mattered much to me." Gorn says, calmly clasping his hands in his lap. "Only my own strength does. Serena manages the Hell of Calamity's miscellaneous affairs, while Crow stands as its enforcement and muscle. As for me, I only pursue my great 'Dao.'"

"I'm not familiar with that term." Jason says. "What is a _Dao_?"

"It is a term which originates from human society." Gorn explains. "Chinese philosophy, to be exact. It later spread throughout the whole of the eastern world. A person's Dao is their 'way.' It is the path they seek in their life. Many people absentmindedly waffle through reality with no clear goal in mind. As for me, I know who I am and what I want."

Jason eyes the Emperor of Many Faces up and down. "Power."

"Yes. I seek power." Gorn says, exposing a toothy smile. "You're quick on the uptake. Those Body Booster facilities of yours can only raise someone to the strength of their donor, at a maximum. Since I am already one of the most powerful demons in existence, I can't get much benefit from them. Only through one of your fancy... Words of Power... can I reach new heights."

Jason nods slowly. "I can provide you with any sort of permanent 'buff' you can imagine. Be aware though, that if you ever turn against humanity, I can rip them away in an instant. These will only benefit you in struggles against the other demons."

Gorn doesn't immediately respond. Instead he slides one of his hands out from under the table, rests his palm on the table's surface, and quietly strums his fingers, as if lost in thought.

"...You humans are _so_ clever." Gorn muses. "I hope you don't think my people are fools. We can easily see what you're doing. You're manipulating us with these Merit Tokens. While your species extracts the power of our mana, you also neutralize us as threats to your order. Over time, the weakest demons will grow attached to your more 'fair' and 'partial' way of elevating them through the ranks. No more need to hunt and beg and save for Soul Beads. As for us leaders, we can obtain small but seemingly infinite benefits through your Words of Power. But in the end, you can revoke these benefits if we turn against you."

Jason smiles. "It's always nice talking to a smart person. Saves time on explaining things."

"Right." Gorn says. "And that's the genius part. We can see exactly what you're doing. We can see how, in the long run, humanity will easily fly past us in terms of your overall strength. And yet... we cannot fight back. We're powerless except for giving up our lives in a futile, final battle, or simply accepting that you've beaten us."

"Do you deserve any better?" Jason asks. "I know demonkind's origins. You truly were trampled upon by the angels and Titans. Your history is a sorrowful one. Even so, you had the option to right the past wrongs, but didn't. What I've done is extend a hand of mercy that, frankly, you don't deserve."

Gorn's expression grows distant.

"Indeed. We don't."

The man and demon both fall silent as one of the minotaur waiters at the Horned Maître delivers their meal, including a delicious-smelling seafood entree from Tarus II's nearby sea reserves. Jason presses his knife against the creature's abdomen, and it splits open, revealing a rice-like texture inside, with all sorts of vegetables native to the planet. At the same time, Gorn's dish also appears delicious, though somewhat different, as he goes for a bunch of crunchy fried eggs taken from the exotic Seven Winged Hellbirds from a nearby mountain.

The two men eat in silence for a few minutes. Once they have consumed a suitable amount of Yamir's personally cooked delicacies, they pause their eating to resume their conversation.

"So." Jason says. "Have you decided what your Word of Power will be?"

"A thousand Merit Tokens..." Gorn chuckles. "I haven't decided. But I hope that for this price, you can enlighten me by answering some questions. I'm curious as to what effects you can reproduce through your Wordsmithing."

"Before you came here, didn't someone give you a small book filled with descriptions of the spells I'm willing to cast?" Jason asks.

"Of course. But that tome was so dry and _boring_." Gorn chuckles. "Let's start with 'Invincibility.' This effect seems as if it is able to turn any individual into the Duke of Pain, and yet it costs you practically no mana. How can there be such a good thing in this world?"

"That Word of Power will, indeed, make you unkillable by anything or anyone." Jason says. "But the effect has many, many downsides."

He pauses.

"Consider what it actually does. It renders your skin immune to the sensation of pain. It makes your body impossible to penetrate by any bullet or object traveling at any velocity. Put simply, you will lose your sense of touch."

Gorn raises an eyebrow. "That does seem to be the way it worked for Bael."

"Next," Jason says, "Consider all the other ways you could die. Old age, for instance. For a demon, this won't be a problem. But what about a sonic blast blowing out your eardrums? What about suffocation or drowning to death? Thus, this Word of Power will dull your hearing considerably, weaken your sight, and render you unable to taste food or sniff the roses. To become invincible, you must give up all the pleasures and luxuries of life. Even sex won't be possible."

"Hahaha." Gorn dryly laughs. "That reminds me of an old human story about a man and his younger brother. The man studied his whole life, never smoked, never drank, never partook in raucous sex with women, and did everything he could to extend his life. Meanwhile, his younger brother did exactly the opposite and died at the young age of just _forty_. On his deathbed, the older brother realized that while he had extended his life to twice that of his sibling, he had never truly enjoyed himself, and thus he had wasted all of his years."

"Mmm. You understand my point, then." Jason says, taking another bite of his food. "What other 'Words' pique your interest?"

Gorn eyes the human for several long seconds.

"...I want to become a Demon Deity." He finally says.

"A what?" Jason asks.

"A Demon Deity. It is the next level above Demon Emperor. Now that I know it exists, I have grown restless, of late. I wish to reach that forbidden level. I wish to experience the power beyond what I currently possess."

Seeing the look of confusion in Jason's eyes, Gorn explains to him the process Emperor Wolfram underwent during the battle against the Cherubiim.

"...and for a brief moment, for just one short hour, he broke past the barrier which had stopped every Emperor before him." Gorn says, sighing with irreverence. "Of course, if I have to die to touch that boundary, then I would rather not. But... then again... perhaps experiencing that sensation would be worth the quick death afterward. I have already lived as an Emperor for 100,000 years. Even if I die while becoming a Demon Deity, that would still be the glorious and most euphoric moment of my life. It would allow me to go even further in my Dao."

Gorn eyes Jason Hiro, waiting for a reply. To his surprise, the Wordsmith doesn't immediately refuse his request. However, he does appear lost in thought.

"The level beyond Emperor..." Jason mutters. "And you say it's always been inaccessible to demons? Before Wolfram?"

"It has, yes." Gorn answers. "I cannot list how many souls I've consumed. Demons require ten souls to advance to a Grunt, one hundred to become a Lord, one thousand to become a Baron, one hundred thousand to become a Duke, and one million to become an Emperor. Yet no matter how many I've consumed afterward, I never felt my power reach a level that seemed as if it would 'break through' the barrier. It has always felt as if there was an invisible ceiling preventing me from attaining further heights." 

Jason glowers at the Demon Emperor before him. His tone turns cold. "Don't just casually speak about consuming souls in front of me, _Gorn._ Lest you forget, those were _people_ you devoured. Humans. Men and women. Mothers and fathers. Children. I don't hear a drop of regret in your voice either, except for regret that you didn't eat _enough_ people. And frankly, it churns my fucking stomach."

Gorn shakes his head. "Let's not play games, Wordsmith. Do you really expect me to pretend I've become a changed demon? I am who I am. Two weeks is not enough time to shift my mentality, especially given how I have lived for 100,000 years already. To me, humans are still weak, pathetic little creatures. And if you think I am unique in that regard, you're in for a rude awakening when you have more private chats with the other Emperors."

The Emperor of Many Faces chuckles disapprovingly. "Hehehe. We'll play your game, Wordsmith. We'll dance for you like puppets. We'll scrimp for your Merit Tokens and beg for your gifts, because ultimately, it fulfills our own selfish desires. But, at least for old dogs like me, don't ever expect us to change our thoughts. As far as I am concerned, you are one incredible human living amidst a sea of piss and shit. The rest of your kind can't hope to stack up to the demons. Only by extracting our powers for yourselves can you become comparable, and since this inherently relies on our existence, you therefore will have to become half-demon to achieve anything."

Jason smiles.

"All Emperors think like this, yes?"

"We do." Gorn answers.

"That's too bad." Jason continues. "Because that line of thinking... is _wrong_."

"Oh? How, exactly?" Gorn asks.

The Wordsmith ponders for a moment before responding.

"You demons are stagnant, just like the Volgrim. But in many ways, your stagnancy goes much, much further. Not only can you only evolve to the rank of Emperor at most, but you never _personally_ evolve. Your thoughts stay the same your whole lives. Your powers reach a plateau, but never change. Your civilization either remains fixed in place, or it even regresses."

He continues. "Contrast with humanity. We are always evolving. Breaking through the barriers which holds us back. Elevating our capabilities, and our line of thinking. Do you really believe we need to borrow demonkind's power to 'ascend' to your level? I am only using your Dukes and Emperors as a shortcut. If all the demons died off tomorrow, I could achieve similar results by using technology. On the other hand, if humanity vanished, the demons would quickly lose all their momentum. You would kill each other, yet never come close to replacing the souls lost through said killings. You would self-immolate, reducing yourselves to a fraction of your current population."

The Wordsmith leans back in his chair.

"You speak of demon superiority as if it were a known fact, but you're _delusional_ if you truly think that's the case. Your bodies might be strong, and your magical abilities mighty, but in the end, the only way you could defeat humanity was through suppression by a superior population and draconic thought-policing."

He smirks deeply, shaking his head at Gorn's naivete.

"Enough chit-chat. I have things to do after this. Let's finish our food. In the meantime, you should hurry up and decide which Word of Power you want invoked on your behalf. As for that matter of becoming a Demon Deity, it lays outside my abilities."

Finding himself suppressed by the Wordsmith's argument, Gorn can only offer a few feeble retorts before ultimately giving up.

Half an hour later, Gorn makes his choice. Jason imbues him with a Word of Power and sends him on his way.

"An interesting choice." Jason mutters to himself, before getting up, paying his food bill, and leaving the restaurant.

As the progenitor of humanity, he and his wife can print Merit Tokens as needed for their expenses. He casually tosses out thirty-two tokens to Yamir's cooks, all of whom give him a hearty thumbs-up as thanks for his patronage.

Not long after, Jason heads away from the restaurant. Hardly has he walked fifty steps before he spots Phoebe bouncing toward him from an adjacent street.

"Jason. Jason!" Phoebe says, slightly breathless. "There you are. Were you at the Horned Maître again?"

"Mhm." Jason says, giving his wife a kiss. "I had to deal with Emperor Gorn. He exchanged a thousand points for a Word of- is something the matter?"

Jason pauses his explanation of the day's events when he notices an impatient look on Phoebe's face.

"Forget all that," Phoebe says, waving her hand. "You won't believe this. I just met up with Samantha. She showed me something _incredible!_"

Phoebe suddenly glances around, then activates her T-REX. Before Jason can react, she presses his T-REX's activator twice, engulfing him in nanites.

After they both seal up from the outside world, Phoebe opens up a private channel.

"Jason. Beelzebub... is alive!"

"What?!" Jason exclaims, his heart dropping into the soles of his feet. "He is? Where is he?! What happened? Is anyone hurt?!"

"No, no, it's not like that." Phoebe says. "You see, Kiari stumbled upon him, over at this cottage on the north side of the city..."

Phoebe spends the next few minutes explaining to her husband all the details regarding Beelzebub's capture and rescue.

"You said he's... a human?" Jason asks, unconvinced. "How is that possible?"

"It's true. I saw him myself." Phoebe says. "He was difficult to recognize. No boisterous aura. No demonic powers. Pale skin, human ears, and no demon horns. Without a doubt, he is completely and utterly human."

Jason's eyes flash with hatred. "Good. That means he'll be easy to _kill._ Where is he now?"

Phoebe frowns, though Jason doesn't see her expression through her helmet.

"You're not going to talk to or hurt Beelzebub, Jason." Phoebe states, giving him a clear and direct order. "He needs to stand trial for his crimes during the War Tribunal, along with all the other perpetrators of Stormbringer. In fact, I want you to stay away from him until we reach that day."

"What?!" Jason scoffs. "Why are you acting so unreasonable, Phoebe? He killed Daisy. He murdered our little girl! Not to mention a million other people! What use is there in a fucking tribunal? He's the guiltiest of guilty!"

"Don't argue with me on this." Phoebe says. "You're not in a good headspace when it comes to Beelzebub, Jason. You need to stay away from him. And, even more importantly, killing him would be the most selfish thing you have ever done. He didn't just take away _our_ little girl, but the children and mothers and fathers of countless others. They all deserve to have a go at him on the big stage."

Jason opens his mouth to retort several times, but continually finds himself at a loss.

Eventually, he says, "Phoebe. I want to have a few words with him. Just a few words..."

"You can grill him all you want once the Tribunal arrives." Phoebe answers. "I'm taking charge here, Jason, and that's final. In fact, it would be better if you saved up your rage and hatred for that day. If you let it all out now, you won't have nearly as much at hand for all the others who have suffered. You have to give a strong voice to their outrage when we put Beelzebub on full display for them to see."

Her argument finally convinces Jason.

"Well. Alright. I guess I can do that. When are we holding the Tribunal, anyway?"

"After we resurrect everyone who fell during Stormbringer." Phoebe answers. "And we'll revive them once we have enough housing built. I don't want any of those victims sleeping on the streets or in tents. They deserve better."

"That could take a few months." Jason points out.

"It _will_ take a few months." Phoebe replies. "But don't expect to twiddle your thumbs the whole time. The Volgrim are going to expect you to make a 'diplomatic visit' at some point. I imagine that will happen sooner, rather than later. While you're dealing with them, I can hold down the fort."

Jason rubs his chin. "Mmm. Not to mention they've slowed down their delivery of Wartime Provisions. The Volgrim are deliberately making a power play, but I don't think they know the full situation on our planet."

"You never know. They might, actually," Phoebe retorts. "We still don't know if there are any Changelings here. We'll have to keep our eyes peeled."

"Changelings..." Jason says, his gaze darkening. "Alright, I'll worry about Beelzebub later. If he doesn't have powers, then he's no threat. You _are_ certain he's powerless though, right? Because if you're not..."

"I'm certain." Phoebe answers. "And just to be sure, I put a mana-stifling band around his neck. Does that make you feel better?"

"It does." Jason says, smiling. He deactivates his T-REX, and Phoebe does the same.

For a few minutes, they kiss and hug each other, right in the middle of the street, while others walk around them and chuckle.

Not long after, they pull apart and Jason sighs.

"Oh, right. Fiona helped me build the first Beauty Booster today. Can you do me a favor and contact some of the Hell of Lust's succubi to take the first shifts? We'll hold the grand opening tomorrow."

"The Beauty Booster, huh?" Phoebe says, batting her eyes. "Maybe I should pay it a visit."

"No need. You're already perfect," Jason says, grinning.

"Are you sure? I seem to recall a certain Wordsmith subtly making my boobs bigger." Phoebe snarks.

"Uh, Fiona told you?" Jason asks.

"Nope. But you did, just now!" Phoebe laughs, while lightly socking his arm. "Anyway, what sort of pricing are we looking at for this new Merit Token sink?"

The Wordsmith hems and haws.

"Hmm. Well, it doesn't need to be _too_ pricey. The fact someone can go there several times means a lot of... physically imperfect people will probably go for multiple visits. I'll leave the pricing up to you, but let's cap it at, say, fifty tokens?"

"Will do, love." Phoebe says, kissing Jason one last time. "I'll see you tonight."

"You too, honey." Jason replies.

The two of them split off to do their own thing.

After they depart, Jason reactivates his T-REX.

"Beelzebub. Tsk. I'll deal with you later. Now, my next goal should be... managing these pesky Volgrim..."