Part 059: Sticks And Bones May Break My Stones- Wait, That's Not Right

_Three days have passed. It's time._

Beelzebub rolls his eyes as he and Rosalia walk through the halls of the Labyrinth. The demoness with the appearance deficit prattles on and on about this and that, often shouting excitedly.

"And when we get to Hell Harbor, there'll be servants and cake! Lots of cake! Don't you like cake, Mister Beelzebub?!"

"Cake is a great way to balloon my body," Beelzebub drawls. He glances at the chubby demoness. "Somehow I'm not surprised you enjoy it."

"Aww! Because I'm sweet, right? You always say the nicest things, Mister Beelzebub!" Rosalia skips along as she dances to some tune in her head.

_Maybe if Bael hits me hard enough, I'll forget the ogre exists,_ Beelzebub thinks to himself.

Minutes pass. The sound of a large crowd in the distance echoes down the halls. Rosalia quiets down and lowers her excitement level. "Wow. The Slaughterseum. I've heard rumors... but I've never been there."

Beelzebub smacks his tongue around, trying to get the taste of chalk out of his mouth. "Barbaric. Uncivilized. The only appeal I find is watching filthy insects crushed by merciless demons. Few things satisfy me as much as witnessing a human grovel and beg for his life, only for the light in his eyes to vanish at the end of an orc's spear."

Rosalia nods. "Yeah. I hate humans. They're ugly, and they scare me."

"You're one to talk about _ugly_." Beelzebub warms his hands and slicks back his hair, perming it once again. _Just in case._

The two demons plod along in silence. Eventually, the hallway opens up before them. It widens into an antechamber with booths for placing bets and an opening in the side-walls big enough for Trolls and Ogres to fit. Concession stands sell a mixture of food made from animal and human parts, often obtained from the poor souls who died in the arena earlier that day.

Gnolls, Kobolds, Pureblooded Demons, Lords, even a few Barons stand here and there, chatting amongst one another like best friends. Unlike in other areas of the Labyrinth, the spectators of the Slaughterseum ignore the typical boundaries separating species and rank, given their unified desire to witness bloodshed and carnage. Beelzebub even recognizes a few demons standing in the crowd, though he doesn't bother to say hello.

Nobody pays Beelzebub and Rosalia the slightest attention as they slowly walk among the several hundred monsters milling around. To the left, the massive entrance to the Slaughterseum yawns, beckoning for them to enter. Rosalia flinches as the arena crowd roars in excitement, likely from witnessing a brutal slaughter.

Beelzebub glances left and right, then sighs. "I've just realized that I haven't a clue where Bael is or how we'll meet him."

Rosalia follows his gaze as he scans the crowd for the massive demon. "Bael sticks out. He should be easy to find."

"Should be, yes. However, this is one of several entrances to the Slaughterseum. He could be anywhere."

"Ooohh!" A tiny imp squeaks from the ground at Beelzebub's feet. "Bubblezits? Are you the one who's here to fight Bael?"

"Hey! Stupid imp!" Rosalia delivers a bone-crunching kick to the brat, sending him flying against a wall. "How dare you get Mister Beelzebub's name wrong! You little shithead!"

The imp, stunned but not injured, rubs his head. "Aaaoo... that was mean! Cruel! Nasty!!"

"Thank you, Rosalia. You saved me the trouble." Beelzebub leans down to the imp's level. "Don't get my name wrong again. If you think she's nasty, pray you never anger me. Now tell me, where is Bael?"

The imp looks away for a moment and rubs his arm. The vindictiveness in his eyes hints that he's considering ditching Beelzebub and Rosalia to their devices, but Beelzebub quickly lights a ball of fire in his hand, snuffing that thought out.

"O-oh! His Nastiness, the Duke of Pain! Ehehehe..." The imp eyes the fireball for a moment. "Gate three! He's waiting f-for you at gate three!"

Beelzebub closes his fist, extinguishing his fire. "Get out of my sight."

"Yessir! Right away, sir!"

The imp scampers away, and Beelzebub smiles. _When I was an imp, it was the same for me. The ones above you pick, poke, and stab. You're little more to them than vermin. Their sneers and jeers gave me the will to rise above the rest. Now I will complete the circle by stepping on those below me._

He stands up, the smile still plastered across his face. _Humans wouldn't understand. It's the demon way. Demons evolve and grow ever stronger, while humans stagnate and weaken. The only chance they have at fighting back is for one powerful individual to take control. But what happens if he should fall?_

Beelzebub turns and walks away, heading for the third gate. _Once I defeat the Hero, he who destroyed a planet and slew the Black Queen... I will earn my place atop the demon hierarchy. The Black Queen raped Satan's mind and took control of him, so if the Hero killed her, and I kill him, that will prove I am worthy of being not just any Emperor... but the First Emperor._

Rosalia cocks her head. "Mister Beelzebub? Is something funny?"

Beelzebub's smile disappears. "Not especially."

It takes another twenty minutes of circling the Slaughterseum's perimeter before they find the second gate, and another ten to reach the third. As soon as he and Rosalia arrive, Beelzebub's eyes lock onto a quarrel between two werewolves fighting over a dead human woman's body.

"Mine! Stupid bloodhound! I wanted this piece of meat ever since the moment I first saw her!" The first werewolf, a brown-furred variant, howls angrily at his peer.

The other werewolf, one with white fur, leans forward menacingly. "My clansmen slew her! She's mine!"

The fresh corpse, a female human with dozens of gashes and other barbaric wounds inflicted on her corpse, lies in a pool of blood. A few spectators begin to form, including a male harpy and even a shadow-walker, jeering at the two werewolves. "Blood fight! Blood fight!"

"Your clansmen, eh?! I saw an orc land the killing blow! Always knew you white-hairs slept with pigs!"

The white-one rears back, preparing to pounce. "You take that back, shit-fur!"

Suddenly, a massive flail falls from the sky, crushing the corpse between them and shaking the room. In a flash, Bael leaps into the center, lands atop his spiked flail with his bare feet, and violently backhands both of the werewolves. They fly in opposite directions and plow through several bystanders into the walls.

"Shut up! You stupid mutts are giving me a fucking headache!"

Beelzebub sighs. "And there he is."

Bael hops to the ground and coils his flail around his body, then spots Beelzebub. "Bahaha! I thought you wouldn't show. You're an idiot, thinking you can beat me."

Rosalia, usually one to jump to Beelzebub's defense, shies away from talking back to the intimidating Duke. 

"I don't know that I can," Beelzebub says. "But if I have even a slight chance to beat some sense into your thick skull, it's worth the effort."

"Hahaha! That's the spirit." Bael stomps the ground, shaking the room. "Mephisto! MEPHISTOOO!"

A few moments later, the Undead King spindles out of the ground. "What isss the problem?"

"You're gonna help me. C'mon, let's get the whelp over to the Den. We're gonna teach him a lesson."

---

Several minutes later, Beelzebub glances around uneasily as they enter a dark, secluded room not far from the Slaughterseum. "What is this place? I expected to engage in combat."

"Cheh. Nice try." Bael beckons to a nearby female demon. "Gimme your best set of Sticks and Bones." The woman nods, and as she turns to walk away, Bael slaps her butt. "Hehe, perfect ass."

She rolls her eyes and ignores him.

Beelzebub glances around. "Sticks and Bones? Is this a gambling den?"

"Course it is, idiot." Bael lumbers over to a nearby table. Mephisto, Beelzebub, and Rosalia follow behind him. The room rattles when Bael's massive bulk hits the opulent demonstone chair. "You'll be playing Mephisto for the right to become Duke."

Rosalia raises an eyebrow. "I didn't expect that."

"Neither did I," Beelzebub confesses. "Are you joking? I'm not known for my sense of humor."

"I am," Bael counters. "But this ain't no gag. Sit your pasty ass down."

Mephisto sits next to Bael, while the other two sit on the table's opposite side. Rosalia glances around at the seedy room, with its unscrupulous inhabitants smoking on their bone pipes and the scantily clad demonesses serving various food and beverages.

Beelzebub stares silently at Bael as they wait for the hostess to bring their game pieces. _Unbelievable. I expected a test of combat, but Bael decided to hinge my rise to Duke on a game of chance. Perhaps he should rename himself to the Duke of Unpredictability, or the Duke of Chaos. No, scratch that, he'd like the latter too much._

A minute passes, but still, the hostess hasn't shown up. Bael itches his bare chest. "You can still back out. You'll be a chicken, but at least you won't be dead."

Beelzebub narrows his eyes. _Dead? From a game of Sticks and Bones? What in the blazes does he mean by that?_

When the hostess returns, she carries two small wooden boxes, each one embossed with gold and a bloody demonic pentagram on top. "Here you are, sirs. Please consider indulging in our refreshments if you require them."

Bael smirks at her. When she sets the boxes down, he pats his lap. "Come have a sit on my lap, baby. I've got fifteen inches waitin' for ya."

She barely blinks. "I didn't know we measured IQ in inches these days."

Turning around, she walks away without a second thought.

Bael's smirk lessens. "Hey, Mephisto. What'd she mean by that?"

The King of the Undead hisses. "I think ssshe likesss you for your persssonality."

Bael's smile comes roaring back. "Damn right. All the bitches do. Alright, let's get this game started."

He leans forward and winks at Beelzebub. "You know how to play Sticks and Bones, don'tcha, boy?"

Beelzebub nods. "I've watched a few games. You throw the five four-sided wooden Mahja sticks down. This creates a modifier, and you follow up by throwing the bones. The modifier, plus the bones, equals your score."

"Oh, oh! I know, I know!" Rosalia hops in her seat excitedly. "One of my den-brothers used to gamble all the time."

Bael smiles at her. "Zat so? Alright then, cutie, tell Beelzepup the rules he doesn't know."

Beelzebub's body rises a few degrees in temperature at the nickname, but he forces himself to ignore it. 

Rosalia, however, beams excitedly. _He called me a cutie! Omigosh! All the men are falling in love with me!_

She clears her throat. "Ahem. There are four sides to the Mahja sticks. Swords, Fists, Eyes, and Flames. Each one is worth more than the previous point-wise. If you throw the sticks and you get five swords, you instantly lose the round."

Mephisto nods. "Ssswordsss... too _human_ for my tassstesss."

Beelzebub stares at the sticks as Mephisto pulls them out and hands them to him. "Flames, hm? I already know which one I prefer."

"Bahahaha! So predictable!" Bael slaps his knee! "Of course the hothead likes flames! I betcha can't guess my favorite!"

Beelzebub rubs his forehead. "Fists."

Bael's laughter instantly disappears. "Oh. Lucky guess."

Mephisto titters quietly for himself, as he locks his smoldering red eyes on Beelzebub. "Flamesss are worth the mossst pointsss, in any cassse. Who knowsss, you might throw five flamesss and an Ancient Monster..."

Rosalia's eyes widen. "Oooh..."

"What? What is it?" Beelzebub glances at her in confusion. "Is there something special about that combination?"

"It's the Fire Dragon formation," Bael murmurs. "The only thing harder is the Phoenix formation, but don't you worry your pretty little head about getting one of those."

Rosalia shakes her head. "The rules of this game are quite odd."

"That they are," Beelzebub says. "Anyway, it doesn't matter. Everything's up to chance. What is this, best of three rounds?"

"Best of eleven," Bael corrects. "If ya can't win by more than two points, the game continues til' someone takes a two-point lead."

Mephisto nods. "You throw firssst, Beelzebub. New playersss alwaysss go firssst. It isss tradition."

Despite the simplicity of the game, Beelzebub swallows hard. "If I win... I become a Duke?"

Bael stares at him icily. "Yup. And if you lose... we kill ya."

"What?! Well..." Beelzebub rubs his forehead. "Fine. I agree. Good luck succeeding."

"Bahaha! I knew you would! Predictable!"

_Tsk._

Beelzebub throws the Mahja sticks down. The five long, rectangular sticks clatter to the table, and Mephisto leans forward to examine them.

"Ksss. A Sssword, Three Fissstsss, and an Eye. No Flamesss for you."

Rosalia touches her chin thoughtfully. "Mister Beelzebub can discard an entire throw twice during a full game, or three individual sticks at any point, right?"

"Yup," Bael replies, adding no extra commentary. "Throw the bones."

Beelzebub reaches into the other box and pulls out a dozen differently-shaped bones. One resembles a snowflake, while another is a spiked-ball, echoing Bael's flail. Others include a curved bone shaped like a boomerang, and even more exotic shapes. One appears to be little more than a bunch of spikes twisting and curling around like a pretzel.

"Alright. Here goes nothing."

Beelzebub tosses the bones, and they clatter loudly on the wooden table.

Mephisto inspects them for a moment. "Kss. Reptile pattern. Newt formation. Four points."

Beelzebub glances at Rosalia. The dejected look on her face tells him the result with a single glance. "Bad?"

"Terrible," Rosalia says. "The most points you can get in a single round is one hundred. That requires a Fire Dragon formation, though."

Bael chuckles. "There's also Hydra, Wyrm, Kraken, Hellhound. You threw a Newt! Bahaha!"

Mephisto doesn't move to grab the sticks and bones. "Care to throw again? The bessst you can get isss a water ssserpent formation. Thirty pointsss."

Rosalia nods. "You should, Mister Beelzebub. Just retry the sword. You might land a Fist. Getting four of the same, let alone five, is worth bonus points. You'll end with twenty points."

Beelzebub curses himself internally. _I'm being forced to rely on the counsel of the ogre. Nobody deserves that punishment._

He nods and throws the sword again. It lands on an Eye.

Rosalia breathes a sigh of relief. "Three fists and two eyes, plus the land animal pattern. Not great, but better than four points."

Mephisto scoops up the sticks and bones. "Ksss. Sssalamander formation. Fifteen pointsss. My turn."

Mephisto doesn't hesitate. He deftly throws the sticks. They clatter to the table, and he smirks. "Two ssswordsss, two flamesss, and an eye." When he throws his bones down, his smirk grows into a bony smile. "The Human pattern. I've rolled an Adventurer formation."

Bael stares at the game with rapt attention; his usual loudness pacified by the gambling happening. Unlike how he often acts, he's quieter, paying attention to every result. "Thirty-four points. You gonna re-roll anything?"

The Duke of Mist shakes his head. "I have a sssmall lead. Only a fool throwsss away hisss rollsss at the game ssstart."

Rosalia takes a piece of paper and an ink quill from the Mahja stick box and notes two numbers down. "One token to Mephisto. Subtracting Mister Beelzebub's points from Mephisto's, that leaves nineteen points."

Beelzebub frowns. "I'm still a novice, so I must ask. Why count points if the tokens represent a win for the round?"

Bael clears his throat. "Sometimes the one who wins all the rounds has fewer points. Happens more often than you might think. There are special rules for if that happens."

"Like what?"

"Doesn't matter. Mephisto's the Undead King. Playing with bones is his job."

"Whatever. Suit yourself." Beelzebub slouches in his chair and sulks.

Mephisto, having gone second in the first round, goes first in the next. He throws the sticks out. "One Sssword, two Fissstsss, an Eye, and a Flame."

"Huh. A full spread." Bael mutters under his breath. "Poor showing."

"Full spread?" Beelzebub echoes his words.

Rosalia answers. "It means Mephisto rolled one of every type. Half points." 

"Ah."

Beelzebub watches as Mephisto throws the bones down. "Ksss. The Bug pattern. Cockroach formation. Worthlesss."

"I expected better from you," Bael murmurs. "Three points before the full spread, two after. Even if you roll again, you'll top out at ten."

"Passs." Mephisto hands the bones and sticks to Beelzebub. "If you lossse thisss round, I'll kill you myssself."

Beelzebub tosses the bones, and his heart skips a beat. "F-four flames and a fist."

When he tosses the bones down, Rosalia grows excited. "Ooooh! An Elemental Monster pattern! Coupled with the four flames, that means you rolled-"

"A Fire-Hydra formation. Seventy-three points. Impressive." Bael smiles widely. "Your second toss of the bones, too. Tally those points up, little missy."

She does so. "Round two's token goes to Mister Beelzebub. He takes the lead with seventy-one points to Mephisto's nineteen. Wow!!!"

Bael crosses his legs under the table. "Beginner's luck. Don't get all full of yourself."

Beelzebub, however, stares at the sticks on the table. "What if I re-rolled that fist to a flame? What would happen?"

Bael shakes his head. "If you get a sword, the formation drops to a Thunder Hydra. Seventy points. If it becomes a flame, you get an Infernal Hydra. Eighty points."

"Don't do it, Mister Beelzebub. Seven points aren't worth using up a re-roll. You already won the round."

Beelzebub nods. "I know. I'm learning the rules. That's all."

...

Half an hour passes.

_Skeleton Commander. Harpie. Mermaid. Kobold Gang. Demon Duke._ The formations come and go, and Beelzebub files their values in the back of his mind for later. He and Mephisto trade tosses, and soon, they enter the ninth round.

Rosalia tallies up the score. "336 versus 294 points in Mephisto's favor. The tokens are tied."

Beelzebub clutches the sticks in his hand. "My turn, huh? I have to win two of the next three rounds to seal my victory, then?"

"Correct."

"Alright."

Beelzebub throws the sticks down. "Three swords and two eyes. Damn." He tosses the bones afterward.

The moment the sticks hit the ground, Bael's eyes widen noticeably. "Whoa. Is that-"

"Demon pattern. Servant formation." Rosalia stares at it for a moment. "The lowest score for a Demon pattern is fifty points. The highest is ninety. It's the second-best pattern you could toss."

Beelzebub gapes. "H-how much is my roll worth?"

"The Servant formation is valued at fifty-three points."

Beelzebub stares at his formation. "I'm going to use one of my discards to re-roll."

Rosalia nods. "Good idea. If you get five swords, though, you instantly lose the round. If you get a full spread, that will halve the value too."

"It's worth the risk."

Beelzebub scoops the sticks up, swallowing hard as Bael eyes him. "Careful, whelp. Fifty-three points is a respectable score. A loss now will give Mephisto a huge advantage."

Without any hesitation, Beelzebub throws his sticks out. They clatter and land, and his heart leaps for joy. 

"Yes! Three flames and two eyes! Whoo-hoo!"

Bael laughs. "Gwahaha! You're enjoying yourself now, boy! It's a damn shame I didn't introduce you to gambling when you were younger!"

Rosalia wipes at her forehead. "Impressive, Mister Beelzebub, as always. Lower Demon Emperor formation. Eighty-three points."

"Ksss!" Mephisto grabs the sticks up angrily. "I'll win the next two roundsss for sssure!"

When he throws the sticks, a disappointing showing of two Fists, two Eyes, and a Sword appears. Mephisto follows up with the bones.

A moment of silence falls over the group.

Bael nearly knocks the table over as he jumps out of his chair. "An Ancient Monster pattern? Right after the Demon pattern?! What game am I watching?!" 

His voice attracts attention from other gamblers nearby. Several of them turn around to look at the commotion. Bael quickly explains the results, and they drop what they're doing to scramble over to Mephisto.

"Oy, oy!" One kobold eyes the board and snatches the score count from Rosalia. "Ah don't believe it! Mephisto! The runt got a Demon Emperor formation! You've gotta beat him on this one!"

"Yeah!" A salamander adds. "You can't let this lil' upstart beat you!" 

Beelzebub gestures toward Mephisto's toss. "I'm guessing this is a good result."

"It certainly is," Rosalia mutters. "Ancient Monster is the most valuable pattern. Mephisto rolled a Rock Troll formation. Seventy-five points. Ancient Monsters include dragons and the Phoenix. The cap is a hundred points, versus ninety for the Demon pattern."

Mephisto nods. "I'll ussse one of my dissscardsss."

"Hell yeah!" Bael _thwumps_ down at the table, slobbering slightly at the possibilities. "Hey, kid, here's a protip. For the Ancient Monster pattern only, if you roll five flames, that's a Fire Dragon. One hundred points. If you want, though, you can roll again for free. If you get five flames _again_, that's a Phoenix. You get three discards added to your future rounds, five individual stick re-rolls, two tokens, and you instantly win the round."

Rosalia nods. "There is a downside, though. If you decide to try for the Phoenix, but your next roll includes even one sword..."

"You lose the whole game. Bahahaha!" Bael's body trembles. "Oooh, exciting!"

Beelzebub nods. "I see. Rolling a Phoenix is high-risk, high-reward."

"Hahaha, damn right it is!" The kobold hands the stats back to Rosalia. "But that's what makes the game exciting! You guys playin' for stakes, or what? I ain't seen a Phoenix in three hundred and forty-five years!"

Bael nods. "Yeah. If this shrimp wins, we're making him a Demon Duke. If he loses, though, then we're gonna kill him."

"OOOOH!" The crowd of onlookers shrieks with excitement. "Holy skarn-droppings! That's amazing! Everyone, drop your games and check this match out!"

Beelzebub shifts uncomfortably as dozens of demons and monsters crowd around, blowing smoke in the air and congesting the table. He ignites the fire in his hand. "You all may watch, but keep quiet. I'd rather not burn the lot of you to cinders."

They nod, and Mephisto grabs the Mahja sticks. He tosses them down, and Beelzebub's heart sinks.

"Ksss. A Flame, Three Eyesss, and a Sssword."

"An Elder Basilisk. Hell yeah! That's eighty-one points, pal." Bael reaches over to nudge the Duke of Mist playfully, only for his fist to pass through Mephisto's body. "Oh, right."

Mephisto smirks. "I could tosss the sssticksss one by one... but that wouldn't be sssatisssfying. Inssstead, I'll re-roll."

Beelzebub raises an eyebrow. "Why? If you re-roll the sword, you could get another eye. You'd beat me in this round with the point bonus."

Mephisto smirks. "Yesss, but unlike you, my life doesss not ride on thisss. Look at the crowd sssurrounding usss. It would be dissshonorable of me not to try for a Fire Dragon formation."

Mephisto takes the sticks and throws them again. Beelzebub's stomach flip-flops as the results come up.

"Four Swords. One flame." Rosalia calls the results. "A Gorgon. Seventy-three points."

Mephisto doesn't even blink. "I'll ussse my lassst dissscard." He snatches the Mahja sticks once again and throws them down.

"Five Fists. The Mountain Troll formation. Eighty points."

"Cursssesss!" Mephisto screeches and lowers his head in shame.

Beelzebub leans back and sighs in relief. "83-80. Close round."

"A good effort, Mephisto. Don't beat yourself up." Bael gestures to the hostess. "Let's get some drinks for everyone who watched. On me!" The crowd cheers exuberantly and disperses as the hostess makes the preparations.

Rosalia jots down the new scores. "Mister Beelzebub takes the lead with one token extra. The new score is 336 to 297 in Mephisto's favor, after applying his three points gained. Mephisto is all out of discards for the rest of the game."

Beelzebub sighs. _If I wasn't immortal; this game would have shaved a few years off my life._

"Round ten. Mephisto goes first," Rosalia says.

The Duke of Mist bitterly tosses the sticks down. "Two Fissstsss and three Eyesss." He follows up with the bones.

"Human pattern. Prophet formation. Twenty-six points." Rosalia jots some numbers down on her paper.

Mephisto hands the sticks and bones to Beelzebub. "I will not re-roll. Even if you win thisss round, the two-point rule only takesss effect after round eleven."

Beelzebub nods. "Fair enough." He tosses the bones and the sticks.

Rosalia eyes the results. "Two Flames, two Fists, and a Sword. Monster pattern. Lower Cerberus formation. Thirty-eight points. The new score is 336 to 309 in Mephisto's favor."

The Baron of Flames keeps his results. Sweat drips down his back. _I'm two tokens ahead and about twenty points behind. One match to go. If Mephisto wins the next one, I'll have to win another round to seize victory... and my rank as Duke._

Beelzebub goes first in the next match. Rosalia eyes his throw. "Two Flames and three Eyes. Undead Monster pattern. Undead Drake of Darkness formation. Sixty points."

Rosalia hesitates for a moment. "If you win this match, you win everything, including your Duke status, Mister Beelzebub. You should use your individual re-rolls to get the best result possible."

Bael nods. "That's for the best. You have one full discard and three individuals left. You could try re-rolling each of the eyes to get five flames, but that's a crapshoot. Five eyes will get you sixty-five points, and you'll only need two retries."

Beelzebub licks his lips slowly. "I can win this or the next one to defeat Mephisto. I'll take a chance when I'm countering him. I don't know what his score is yet."

"Kss. Sssmart choice." Mephisto snatches the playing items up. With a flick of his wrist, he casts the sticks and bones down.

Rosalia's face whitens. "Two Swords, one Eye, two Flames. Elemental Monster pattern. Elder Mermaid formation. S-sixty-two points."

For a long few moments, nobody says anything. Finally, Beelzebub sighs.

"I lost by two measly points. Whatever. I'll beat you in the next round."

"That's the spirit, Mister Beelzebub!"

Bael taps the table. "You're on defense this time. I think you may manage to beat a seasoned Sticks and Bones player!" The Duke of Pain smirks as he reaches into a small pouch hanging on his belt. After a moment, he holds up a tiny marble-sized orb.

"Know what this is, pup?"

Beelzebub shakes his head. "No. What?"

"It's your prize. If you beat Mephisto, I'll give you this soul-stone. It has the souls of over two-hundred thousand humans inside. After you swallow it, you'll blackout and experience the best pleasure of your life. Once you wake up, you'll be a Duke."

Beelzebub's eyes meet Bael's, then lower to the grey marble. _Damn! I could almost reach out and grab that stone before this fat bastard reacts! I can't take a chance, though. I'll play this safe._

As Bael sticks the marble back in his pocket, Beelzebub loosens his jacket collar. "T-two-hundred thousand souls, huh? I knew the soul cost of ranking up to Demon Duke was enormous, but..."

"You're a genius to ascend to Baron so quickly, whelp, but you're still at the very bottom of your rank. President Ose possesses far more souls in her body than you. Promoting her to Duke was a cinch."

Beelzebub nods, staring at Bael in silence.

The Duke of Mist casts his pieces out. "One Sssword, One Eye, Three Flamesss. Ancient Monster pattern."

Rosalia and Bael's eyes turn to saucers.

"I don't believe it," The Duke of Pain whispers. "A Dark Dragon formation. That's... that's eighty-seven points."

Mephisto blinks twice. Then he lunges for the Sword Stick. "I ssshall re-roll."

Bael beckons to some nearby patrons. "Another possible Fire Dragon, boys!"

Everyone rushes over again, and curses can be heard as some lament the luck of rolling two Ancient Monster patterns by one player in an eleven round game.

Mephisto tosses the stick. It hits the ground and clanks to a stop.

_Flame._

The sounds in the room screech to a halt.

"One Eye, four Flames. E-Eldest Dragon formation. Ninety-seven points." Rosalia stares at the pieces shakily. Even Beelzebub gazes at the board with a thousand-yard stare.

"Four Flames and an Eye on an Ancient Monster roll. Ah can't believe it." The kobold from earlier rubs his paws together. "Ya know, if Mephisto flips a flame, and he decides to roll for a Phoenix... Whatever he rolls'll be his new point total. Not to mention-"

"The sword, yeah. Don't bring that up, Gamcha! It's bad luck!" A second kobold with darker fur slugs his peer. "Shut yer maw and let 'im play!"

Mephisto cautiously takes the Eye Stick, twirling it in his hand for a moment, before flinging it down. The crowd gasps as the stick _tinks_ along and comes to a stop.

Rosalia exhales in relief. "Sword. It's a Sword."

The collective disappointment in the air could drown a demon in an eternity of depression. Mephisto raises his bony finger. "I ssstill have one more single roll left. I will ussse it now."

The crowd goes silent as he picks the stick up again.

This time, when the stick lands, the room explodes into applause.

_Flame._

Beelzebub's heart wrenches, as does Rosalia's.

_Five flames. It's a Fire Dragon formation._

"Good game," Beelzebub mutters emptily.

Mephisto waves a finger. "Not ssso fassst. I am going to attempt for the Phoenix, asss any ressspectable Mahja gambler ssshould."

The crowd howls excitedly. "Do it! Do it! Do it!"

Bael strokes his chin. "Hey, pup. Wanna hear a fun fact?"

"I suppose so."

"Who do you think was the last demon or monster in the Labyrinth to throw a Fire Dragon and follow up with a Phoenix?"

Beelzebub shrugs. "Like I'd know. Who?"

"Barbatos."

Bael's utterance of the name immediately sends a wave of chills throughout the room. The thunderous applause tapers off. 

One male Harpy shudders. "I still remember that match like it was yesterday. Some idiot orc thought it would be funny to challenge the Duke. He never said a word the whole game. He threw the Bug pattern five times in a row. We thought it was hilarious."

The talkative kobold from earlier rubs his long, pointy wolf ears. "Ya! Then came round six! Barbatos threw a perfect Fire Dragon! Five Flames! Then he threw the sticks again, and..."

Bael rubs his arm. "... and he somehow got five more Flames. It shouldn't have been possible."

"The orc gave up on the ssspot, asss I recall." Mephisto lightly traces the Flame pattern on the Mahja stick in his hand. "Nobody blamed him. Barbatosss hasss the luck of the Ancient Devilsss."

"Yeah," Bael mutters bitterly. "Luck."

Mephisto reaches for the sticks again, but this time more slowly, more deliberately. He takes the first one in his hand and tosses it down.

_Flame._

Then he tosses the next.

_Flame._

The crowd stares silently, watching and wondering what will happen next.

Mephisto tosses the third stick down.

_Flame._

"I don't believe it," Bael says.

Then comes the fourth stick.

_Sword._

The room goes silent, almost as if everyone is in mourning. Mephisto lowers his head. "Ksss... unfortunate."

Every muscle in Beelzebub's body relaxes simultaneously. He sags in his seat and breathes a sigh of relief. _Mephisto rolled a sword. That means he lost the entire game. I won._

Beelzebub smiles, though it's faint. "I didn't want you to roll the Phoenix, but at the same time, I did."

Bael nods. "You win, boy. Still, you could've seen history unfold before your eyes. Damn shame." He pulls out the soul-stone from his pouch.

Everyone shuffles away, leaving the four demons alone at their table. Beelzebub reaches forward to take the stone, but Bael pulls it back. "Ah, ah, ah. Not yet."

Beelzebub scowls. "I knew you weren't going to let me ascend to the rank of Duke that easily."

"No, I will." Bael nods along. "But we ain't doin' it here. This is where the real party starts." He stands up, as does Mephisto. "Come on, hatchling. Let's see what you're made of. You're gonna eat this in the middle of the Slaughterseum."

Beelzebub narrows his eyes and stands up, ignoring the hostess as she puts the pieces back in their boxes. "Why there? Are you planning a sneak attack while I'm mutating?"

"Bahaha! A sneak attack! Didja hear that, Mephisto?!" Bael slaps his knee. "Hahaha! A sneak attack. Aw, shucks. That's a good one."

Mephisto quietly chuckles to himself, trying to force down the bitterness of his loss. "Keh keh keh. Yesss, quite amusssing. Beelzebub, if we wissshed to kill you, you would be dead already. You've won, fair and sssquare."

Rosalia turns to Beelzebub. "I think they're telling the truth, Mister Beelzebub. Let's go! I really want to see you get all-powerful and grow your horns out. Pleaaaaase!"

It takes a minute, but Beelzebub relents. "Fine. Let's get this over with."

The group of demons begins walking toward the exit.

From behind, Beelzebub catches the sound of several monsters muttering. "Let's go check it out. I wanna see what happens to the suited guy."

"Same."

---

**Author Note: This is the full ruleset for Sticks and Bones. [Link to image of the rules.](https://i.imgur.com/mghciNZ.png)**

Link to image of the rules.