Part 562: Parahuman Corps

Seven days after the Great Debate, Immigration Centers open up around Tarus II. Four of them in total, with one at each side of the city: North, east, west, and south. These centers provide a huge building for people to go and place their preferred future residence following the Great Debate, so everyone will be able to quickly and efficiently organize their future living accommodations.

Several high profile individuals staff the posts at each Immigration Center. For the western center, which allows people to migrate to Sharmur, a handful of demons and humans take the lead, including Emperor Kiari. For the northern center, which allows people to migrate to Maiura, Neil's personal assistant Debra takes the lead. As for the southern and eastern centers, these are for transferring to Pixiv and for either staying on Tarus II or migrating to folded spaces under the control of Jason Hiro.

While Jason does not immediately open up the possibility of humans living inside Chrona, he certainly does for the folded spaces within the Cube. Unbeknownst to almost every Sentient in the Milky Way, Jason begins aggressively expanding Camael's Cube's internal space. He creates multiple different spaces, with some of them the size of Tarus II and others that are bigger or smaller, depending on the needs. Most interestingly, he experiments by changing the time-flow between different spaces, with some accelerating time five-fold while others accelerate fifty-fold.

With the help of Blinker's fairy friends, such as Princess Melia, Jason also establishes gates that can travel around inside the Cube, allowing people to smoothly travel between higher and lower dilation zones. In this way, he can see what the effects of high and low TDR are on humans over time.

But on the surface of Tarus II, most of the attention goes to the Immigration Centers. Millions of humans and tens of millions of their allied demon and monster comrades have to make hard decisions on where they will go, following the conclusion of the Great Debate a week earlier.

On this day, Hope Hiro joins Debra at the Northern Center, helping her with the workload of a large number of people who want to migrate to Maiura. He sits inside an isolated tent-area with a short line of thirty or so people extending outside, while not far away, Debra's much larger tent has fifty times the number of people in line and she requires half a dozen helpers to keep it moving along at a reasonable pace.

"I don't get it," A married pair of Troopers say as they sit in Hope's tent and talk to him directly. "What's the difference between coming under you or Neil? Aren't you close friends? Isn't the Commander your superior officer?"

Hope nods at the woman who asked the question. "We're friends, yes. But Neil and I are going to be leading different branches of humanity's military. In the ancient times, when Earth was still around, we had divisions such as the Army, the Navy, the Coast Guard, and so on. Many nations organized their militaries differently, but that's beside the point."

He continues. "As I'm sure you two are aware, Neil is a... traditionalist. He wants boots on the ground. He wants you to pick up your guns and fight that good fight against the demons. But what I'm offering is different."

The male troopers glances to the side, where he sees a large white panel explaining all the benefits of joining Hope's Parahuman Corps. Several diagrams describe the benefits being offered along with the gains they will surely reap.

"Well, from what I've heard, this whole arrangement feels a bit... _culty_." The male trooper says, his voice sounding slightly nervous. "Look, I like you a lot, Commander Hope. You fought hard for us when we needed to expand. You ended up captured and tortured by that piece of shit Gressil, but you rebounded and you came back better than ever. I admire that about you. But this... this whole 'submitting to Jepthath' thing sounds _really_ weird, sir."

Hope smiles weakly. "I get it. I do. But that's the thing. Neil is offering for you to do what you've always done. You wear an exosuit, you shoot demons and xenos dead. Nothing wrong with that. But I'm offering for you to join on the ground floor of humanity's future strongest military force."

Hope's voice becomes more excited as he continues to explain. "See, by submitting to Jepthath, you will become a part of something bigger. Better. Greater! Humans united in mind, body, and soul. You will become physically stronger by a factor of ten, maybe even a hundred. Don't you _hate_ feeling like the demons are more powerful than you? Don't you hate having to make up the difference with these flimsy suits when any Emperor can still rip you apart?"

"The transformation isn't a problem." The female trooper says. "Obviously, becoming far stronger is a huge benefit. But Jason Hiro said we're going to become slaves if we join you! He said we would lose all control and Jepthath would turn us into his pawns!"

Hope's expression crinkles into a look of disgust. "Jason? You really think Jason gave you the full story? Look, I get it. Up there, on that stage, it probably looked like I was out of my element or like I didn't have any good explanations. It probably seems like he cornered me."

He waggles a finger chidingly. "But that's exactly what Jason wanted! He talks a big talk about uniting together and all that crap, but in the end it was Jason who decided to split humanity apart. He had his wife take the fall for that stupidly unpopular Unification Plan, and when the time came, he felt the changing winds and flip-flopped! But I've been consistent right from the beginning. Humans need to stick together!"

Still sensing the uncertainty from the troopers, Hope waves his hand dismissively. "Jepthath isn't going to control you and turn you into sex-puppets or some weird crap. Look, you two are religious, right? Haven't you ever heard of turning your body over to the Will of God in your moment of weakness?"

Both troopers nod slowly. "Well, yeah." The man says. "Who hasn't?"

"It's exactly like that." Hope explains. "Let's say a demon invasion occurs. You become scared. You try to move, but your legs freeze up. When a demon hits you, you die. But not with Jepthath around! He can take control and give you the strength to stand up and save yourself! He can put all that strength you've gained to good use! And now imagine you're fighting in a platoon of soldiers who've been surrounded by the enemy. Wouldn't you like it if you could get a shot of liquid courage injected into your mind by the strongest member of the team? With Jepthath's power, all of us become as strong as our strongest link!"

Seeing that his words have finally made an impact, Hope smiles.

"Besides. You're already in my tent, right? Do you _really_ want to go out and walk to the back of Debra's line? You'll be waiting for hours. Seems like such a hassle, doesn't it?"

The woman glances outside and grimaces when she sees a line nearly a thousand people deep.

She and her husband lean together and whisper for a few moments, then they sigh and turn back to Hope.

"...We'll join you, Commander Hope."

"I sure appreciate the enthusiasm." Hope jokes. He slides a digital pad over to them. "Just put your names here, check this box, and..."

A few minutes later, they leave the tent, and Hope sighs. "Finally. Another one. Shit, I was hoping for ten times as many people, if not a hundred. Jason really smeared me good... next!"

He calls out to the line outside the tent, and the flap flips open to allow a single man to walk inside.

Hope's eyes light up. "Hey, Henry! Henry, my guy! You came to me first?!"

The young man with bags under his eyes, Henry Cliff, smiles at Hope. "Commander. This felt the most fitting place for me to come, sir. You know, since most people can't stand me, since I sort of... betrayed Commander Neil, and all that."

Hope shakes Henry's hand, and the two of them sit down. Hope smiles at the young man, but notices a look of melancholy on his face.

"You have any questions?" Hope asks. "Anything that you need convincing about?"

"Oh, it's nothing like that." Henry says, shrugging his shoulders and sighing softly. "I would have come to your side no matter what. You are one of the few people who's shown me any kindness, sir. I know I screwed up. I just want to make a difference."

Hope nods. "Do you know what you're getting yourself into? Do you understand what Jepthath is all about?"

"I get it, sir." Henry answers. "If I can fight the good fight, I'll do anything, sir. Honestly, I thought I'd never be able to join the military again. My only worry now is that you'll tell me 'no' and I'll be stuck making deliveries for the rest of eternity."

"Haha, no worries, Henry. No worries." Hope says, his smile widening. "Everyone deserves a second chance. It's a shame _Jason_ can't understand that, but you know how he is. More importantly, after today I'll expect you to stop calling me 'sir'. We're better friends than that!"

"We're friends?" Henry asks, his body slightly jolting in surprise. "I... I didn't know you saw me that way."

"You know we're practically the same age, right?" Hope asks, reaching across the table to lightly slap Henry's shoulder. "C'mon, you've gotta lighten up a little bit. Anyone who joins my Parahuman Corps will become a Hero, like me, capable of punching the average Demon Duke into the dirt and easily bringing the fight to Emperors. You were the best goddamn sniper we had, so we'll put your enhanced sensitivity and reaction speeds to good use on the battlefield."

"That would be amazing, Hope." Henry says, his smile becoming gentler. "Thank you for giving me this opportunity. I won't let you down."

"I know you won't." Hope says. "I sense a great will to do good hiding inside you. Over time, I think we'll be able to awaken it, to humanity's benefit."

...

A few hours later, after Hope has signed up those who will come, and as night descends, he steps out of the tent, only to see an equally-long line still stretching out in front of Debra's tent.

"...damn." Hope mutters. "And I thought I had a pretty good yield. It's barely a drop in the bucket."

His expression falls. He glances at the immigration sheet in his hands, discovering he only managed to sign a few hundred people today.

"It's less than yesterday, too." Hope mutters. "I've barely signed two thousand, total. Jepthath's power works better with more and more people linked together, though. Fucking _Jason_. He really screwed me this time."

As Hope curses to himself, a trooper walks over to him and deactivates her helmet, revealing the face of an older woman Hope recognizes.

"Hm?" Hope grunts, looking at her. "Linda! Good to see you."

"Hey, Hope." Linda says. "Neil told me to ask you to pay him a visit once you were done. You mind?"

Hope blinks. "Sure, sure. Not a problem at all. I'll pop over right now."

After saying goodbye, Hope utters a Word of Power and teleports directly outside Neil's office, slightly startling a few people nearby, but they quickly recover when they see who arrived.

Hope knocks on the door, then enters after Neil tells him he can come in.

"Neil." Hope says, nodding respectfully. "What's up?"

"Are things going well for you?" Neil asks, looking up from a mountain of paperwork on his desk. He stands up and walks over to shake Hope's hand. "I hear you haven't gotten many immigration requests."

The corner of Hope's eye twitches at Neil's statement. "Y-yeah. Well, you know I'm looking for quality over quantity, haha..."

He shakes Neil's hand, then the two of them sit down with the desk between them.

"You don't have to lie to me." Neil says, shaking his head. "Jason pulled a dirty trick on you, Hope. I see real value in your Parahuman Corps. I want to... try and divert some people your way."

"Oh yeah? You do?" Hope asks, his eyes narrowing. "And what's this little favor gonna cost me?"

For a brief moment, silence follows.

Neil looks at Hope intently. He rests his elbows on the table, and his chin atop his folded hands.

"Hope. Are you aware of the... conversation I held with Diablo a little over a week ago?"

Hope's eye twitches again. "I am. You turned him down."

"So you were listening." Neil says quietly. "I thought you might be. No doubt Jason was listening, too. As I'm sure you are aware, I hold quite a strong hatred for the demons. Some detractors have even called my hatred 'irrational.'"

He lifts his head up and sits back in his chair.

"We are at a crossroads, Hope. I have built my current existence on hating demons. I cannot alter that identity without paying a price. But if you think Diablo's offer did not move me, you were not paying attention."

A half-breath of silence follows.

"Hope." Neil says, after a pause. "I want you to take Diablo's offer."

"What?!" Hope exclaims. "The fuck are you talking about??"

"Don't act surprised." Neil says calmly. "The demons are only able to turn Emperors into Cosmics. They have, at most, a hundred Emperors. That's a hundred worlds they can take back permanently from the Plague. But there are tens of billions of planets and star systems in our galaxy. The demons are nowhere close to stalling the war against the Plague, let alone winning it."

He continues. "Even if Diablo can uplift ten thousand new Emperors, which I strongly doubt he can, that's still nothing at all in the grand scheme of things. We humans need real practical experience in battle against these 'Kolvaxians.' We need to know what they are capable of. We need to know how they fight, what their strengths and weaknesses are, and so on. If we engage the Plague in battle alone, our soldiers will die miserable deaths."

"I see..." Hope says. "So, since Diablo has a 100% success rate against the Kolvaxians so far, you think we should help him conquer worlds in order to test our troops."

"That's right." Neil says. "But it won't do if you only bring your Parahuman Troops to battle. First off, the reception hasn't been particularly enthusiastic toward them, and secondly, we need to train our troops en-masse. I want tens or even hundreds of thousands of soldiers forging real practical experience on the battlefield. The problem is, I cannot give this order with my identity as it stands now. Only you can."

"Jason could too." Hope points out. "He'd love to have soldiers fight beside the demons."

"That's exactly what I want to avoid." Neil quickly retorts. "If Jason takes command, he'll make it seem like we humans are buddy-buddying up with our former enemies and becoming closer. If you do it, you can frame this as a simple military exercise. Nothing more, nothing less. An exchange of benefits."

"There is a problem." Hope says slowly. "You can say our men and women are getting 'combat experience' but the demons will still reap the ultimate rewards. They clear out the Plague, they place a Cosmic in command, and they ultimately gain a new world rich in resources."

Neil's nose twitches. "I know. In an ideal scenario, we would simply elevate one of our humans to the rank of Cosmic. Force Diablo to make it work. But I'm guessing that's infeasible."

Hope nods. "Completely. I have observed Diablo a few times from afar. The process of forging a new Cosmic requires a body to become overwhelmed with the energy of a star. Human bodies are more frail than Demon Lords, let alone Barons, Dukes, and Emperors. Any human who tried to become a Cosmic through Diablo's method would explode. At least it would be a quick death."

"A sturdy body is required?" Neil asks. "Then... what about a body empowered through Jepthath?"

Hope pauses for a moment to think about this. He massages his chin, then communicates with Jepthath through the Dominion Rod.

"...Jepthath says it might be possible, but only a human who was sufficiently powerful could do so. An ancient Hero like Arthur might have been able to pull it off. Jepthath himself probably couldn't have. Hercules, the ancient Titan, would have likely been able to."

He shakes his head. "This is all assuming Diablo's method isn't limited to demons. More likely, it is. Even if it isn't, he won't reveal that fact. Uplifting humans stands counter to his long term goals."

"I would rather not use a demon's ascension ability to empower our people." Neil says mildly. "So let's strike that option from the list."

Neil reaches over to grab a cup of coffee. He takes a few sips, then sets it back down.

"Here is what you're going to do, Hope. You are going to declare that you are building an anti-Kolvaxian task force. You'll say that killing the Plague takes precedent for now, and that you strong-armed me into this position. I will remain silent and allow you to take full credit for any future victories you make, all in order to train our soldiers well."

Hope nods. "I might get all the credit, but I'll take all the blame if something goes wrong."

"Every reward requires one to pay an equivalent price. Humanity needs this, Hope, and I cannot give it to them. I'm going to focus on building up Maiura in the coming weeks and months, but you need to be leading our troops into battle to give them the experience they so desperately need."

"Alright. I agree with that proposal." Hope says, as he stands up. "We'll talk later, Neil."

He turns to leave, but before he can reach the door, Neil speaks up.

"Hope. One last thing."

Hope pauses. He turns to look at Neil.

"...Yeah?"

"Do you know what humanity's biggest advantage is?" Neil asks. "Or perhaps instead, what demonkind's biggest disadvantage is?"

The Wordsmith thinks for a moment. "Our... willpower?"

"Perhaps. But I am referring to our capacity for growth." Neil says slowly. "The demons are stagnant, Hope. This method of ascending to Cosmic is pathetic, if you truly think about it. They anchor their lives to a single planet, give up their freedom, and in exchange only obtain a one-time power-up."

Neil lifts his chin to peer down the bridge of his nose at Hope. "In that manner, the Volgrim are quite similar. They have long plateaued when it comes to their technological progress. They make minor, incremental changes over long periods of time, but their creativity is much duller than ours. Their Psions are the same as they were millions of years ago."

"So you think humans are different?" Hope asks.

"I know we are." Neil says slowly. "We possess something neither the demons nor the Volgrim do. We have science, we have technology, _and_ we have magic. If we can obtain just a bit of breathing room, we can rapidly develop our strengths. We can steal Volgrim technology, reverse engineer it, and make it our own. We can create new Heroes capable of harnessing incredible magical power. Then, we can combine the two to create warriors unstoppable among our rivals."

Neil lifts a finger and points it at Hope.

"But we need time, Hope. We _need_ time. There is a race for galactic supremacy underway. Our rivals started millions of years before us, and their headstart is, to say the least, _considerable._ We can only catch up to them if we tap into the true power lurking within our genes."

Hope listens silently while Neil speaks, absorbing his mentor's words.

"You have to take this assignment seriously, Hope." Neil says, his words solemn. "All it will take is one mistake, one moment of inattentiveness, and our species will go extinct in an instant. We are not strong enough to resist the forces opposing us, not right now. But given time, I believe humanity will rise up and crush these interlopers."

Hope nods. "I understand, Neil."

"Good. I pray you do." Neil says, closing his eyes heavily. "Now get out there and make some magic happen. Don't just rely on Jepthath either. Use the full force of your Wordsmithing to empower our boys and girls. Make our soldiers a force to be reckoned with."

Hope and Neil exchange one last look. They nod at each other, then the Wordsmith exits the room, closing the door behind himself as he departs.

Neil remains quiet for a moment.

"I'll play your game for now, Diablo. But it won't be long before my species stops being mere pieces you can shove around the board."

"Underestimate humanity at your peril."