Part 062: Hell Harbor

Bael slaps his belly. "Come on, Grigori! What's the holdup? I ain't got all day."

Beelzebub, Rosalia, Mephisto, and Bael all wait impatiently while Diablo's personal Warper creases his brow. "Please, if you'd be so kind, give me another minute or two. Traveling to Hell Harbor isn't like traveling to other worlds. The magic restrictions are quite severe."

The Warper, a purple-skinned fellow, continues to fold his hands together into increasingly complex signs as he summons the gate that will carry them across the cosmos to the World of the Demons. Grigori sweats profusely under his black robes, but he's careful not to complain about his misery. After all, he's a professional, and this is his job.

Mephisto glances around the small inner chamber, a place in the third quadrant where the Warpers live. While their residence may be small, it's out of the way enough that they enjoy the peace and quiet. With their abilities, Warpers can easily travel from one end of Hell to the other in the blink of an eye, so distance never proves a barrier to them.

"Kss. A ssshame we have to travel sssuch a long dissstance sssimply to warp to our home. The filthy flesssbagsss have taken too much from usss already."

Beelzebub glances down at his bare body. "Before we head to Hell Harbor, I'd very much like to get some clothes."

"Heh. You'll have clothes aplenty when you arrive," Bael says. "Ever been there before?"

"No. Master Agares rarely spoke of the place."

Rosalia's eyes occasionally flick to Beelzebub's body, but she forces herself to look away, lest she make him uncomfortable. He pays her little mind.

"Mister Beelzebub, I thought your mentor showed you all the aspects of being a demon leader?"

"Not especially. Agares was never one to brag or lord his title over others. I heard he mostly slept in the Labyrinth, rather than traveling home."

"You heard right," Mephisto mutters. "The codger never ssstayed in his essstate. A ssshame. It'sss one of the lovelier placesss in Hell Harbor."

Beelzebub doesn't reply. Instead, Grigori sighs. "It's ready. Prepare to enter. The portal only lasts for fifteen seconds."

Bael nods. "Yup."

Grigori opens the portal, and everyone steps through as quickly as possible. Grigori seals it behind them and doesn't bother waving goodbye.

Beelzebub and Rosalia examine their surroundings. The four demons stand atop one of several small platforms with a magic pentagram engraved into the soft, red stone beneath their feet.

The outdoor landing area bustles with demons, all ranked at Baron level or higher, aside from their slaves. Humans, demons, and monsters alike all carry out errands for their masters, traveling to and from the Labyrinth, thanks to the one primary warp-gate still open and owned by the demons. A long line extends to the gate, and several demons tap their feet impatiently while they wait for their turn to step through.

"Ever since the humans took the Core, we haven't had many portals open to travel to Hell Harbor," Bael mutters. "Fucking fleshbags."

Beelzebub's gaze drifts past several statues carved in the likenesses of various top-ranking demons, and to the far distance, where trees and mountains give way to a lone tower atop a plateau. It stands out among the other mountains, for the fact that black smoke rises into the red sky above.

Mephisto hisses. "Do you like my home? It catchesss the eye, doesssn't it?"

"You live there?"

"Of courssse. The Undead Monolith hasss been my home for tensss of thousssandsss of yearsss. It housesss excesss energy for me to conduct my experimentsss."

Rosalia swallows. "It... um... sure looks inviting."

Bael points to the right of the tower, in the general direction of a forest. "I live out past the Shrieking Woods. You ever wanna have a good time, come on over to my place. I got lots of ladies there for your enjoyment, kid. I trained 'em well, heh heh."

"Pass." Beelzebub stifles a wave of revulsion. "I've heard of your penchant for human females. I gag at the thought of living with humans."

"Oh? Is that so?" Bael stifles a smirk and nudges Mephisto. "Hear that? He don't like humans."

"Mossst amusssing."

Beelzebub raises an eyebrow. "What? Is something about that funny? Humans disgust many demons."

"No, no, of course not. Anyway, let's get you to your new home. I can't wait to see what you think."

Beelzebub narrows his gaze. "You're planning something."

"Nah. Wouldn't dream of it."

The four demons depart their arrival platform and head into the thick of the crowd. Several pedestrians stare at Beelzebub's nude body, including the women. He scowls at them. "Keep your eyes to yourselves."

"Come on, boy, they're just 'mirin. Not to mention you're a new face around here. Most of us know each other."

Beelzebub bristles. "Soon, they'll learn to respect me. I'm a Duke now. Far above the common rabble."

"There's that big ego. Better get that under control, or me 'n Mephisto will have to teach you a lesson."

"You tried that once, and failed."

Bael goes quiet. "Tch. Whatever you say."

They stop at the exit when a few Orcs nod at them. "Mishter Bael. Muhphishtoe. You go home?"

"Nah, not yet, Grok. Get us a shuttle. We're heading over to the Slithering Spire first. Need to show the newest Duke his estate."

The head Orc grunts at Beelzebub. "No problem. Me call shuh-tul. Take few minutes. Wait here."

Beelzebub rubs his arms. "What's a shuttle? Never heard of it."

Mephisto titters. "Keh keh keh, amusssingly enough, it'sss a flessshbag invention. It floatsss over the ground and can ssseat ssseveral demonsss inssside. It'sss usssed for transssportation from one placcce to the next."

A minute later, a giant vehicle floats up, hovering over the paved ground silently. A goblin inside thumbs toward the back. "All aboard! This one's heading to the Slitherin' Spire!"

The four demons climb inside, with Rosalia and Beelzebub sitting directly across from Bael and Mephisto. Beelzebub leers away from Rosalia, even as she tries to wiggle a little closer to him on the seat. "Confound you, woman. Keep your mitts off me."

Rosalia bats her eyes innocently. "The seat isn't very big, Mister Beelzebub. I can't help myself."

"The seat is plenty wide, but so are you. You take up too much space!"

Bael chuckles. "Calling this cutie fat, huh? You've got bad manners, pup."

"Shut up."

Bael pulls the side-door shut, but when it slams, something gets in the way, causing it to reopen. The Duke of Pain pauses to examine the door. "Err, Beelzy..."

"What?"

"Uh. I slammed the door on your fingers."

Beelzebub glances at his hand. It's broken in several places. He heals it a moment later. "Oh, sorry."

"You didn't feel anything?"

"I did not."

"Mmm."

---

Time passes. Minutes. Hours. The shuttle drives past houses large and small, all homes belonging to one Baron or another. Most of them are quite large, standing several stories tall with dozens of rooms for servant quarters and anything else the resident requires.

On the car's left, Beelzebub spots an ocean, while on the right, the mountains press against the cliffside. Mephisto touches his fingers to his forehead for a moment and communicates with his undead minions. "We've arrived."

Beelzebub and Rosalia stare out through the wide windows to the right. The mountains peel away, and a lush green meadow appears, filled to the brim with flowers and small animals hopping about. Statues and gargoyles dot the landscape, and a gigantic tower rises into the sky thirty stories above, twisting and turning to form a shape neither of the two younger demons has seen before. Vines fall off the tower at various places, making it blend into the mountain in such a way that one might not see it if they didn't look for it.

Beelzebub's expression turns to disgust a moment later. Dozens, no, _hundreds_ of humans walk around in a field adjoining the meadow, where they pluck fruits and vegetables from trees and plants growing nearby.

"What the hell? This is my home?"

"Mmm. Kinda. Slithering Spire is your old master's place. It's Agares' home, but he asked me to pass it down to you. Lucky break, huh?"

Beelzebub seethes for a few moments as the shuttle enters a gate with two more gargoyles atop and rolls down a long ornately laid brick driveway toward the tower a mile away.

"Humans. Why are there so many of them here? Is this some sort of sick joke?"

Mephisto glances at Bael, then at Beelzebub. "Agaresss wasss fond of flessshbagsss. He sssaved ssseveral thousssand of them during the Energy Warsss. They work asss hisss chattel here in Ssslithering Ssspire."

"Human slaves. Fantastic. Where are the low-ranked demon slaves?"

Bael smirks. "Agares only used humans. It was a rule of his. Never whipped or hurt 'em either. Too soft, in my opinion."

The shuttle pulls up to the tower, and Beelzebub leaps out, igniting fire around his body as he departs. "I won't let filthy rats look at my unclothed form."

"Suit yourself," Bael mutters. The other three demons climb out of the shuttle, and the Goblin leans his seat back. 

"Lemme know when you big bosses are ready to head out."

"Sure thing, Grum-Grum," Bael says.

Beelzebub gazes up at the tower for a full minute, examining the intricate winding pattern of the chiseled marble. _What a marvel of engineering. I wonder who built it?_

Bael claps his hands. "Let's go inside and get you some clothes, whelp. Gettin' pretty tired of looking at your tiny meat all day long."

"I'm not," Rosalia whispers.

"Both of you, shut up."

The group of demons heads toward the front doors. While climbing the steps toward the intricately chiseled marble entrance, the doors swing open, and three humans step through; One dark-skinned man, and two light-skinned women.

The man raises a hand. "Duke of Pain. Duke of Mist. Welcome. I did not expect you here today. How may I be of service?"

Beelzebub sizes him up. _Dark skin, bald, wearing a black tuxedo. Big scar going over his right eye. I thought Bael said Master Agares never punished his slaves? Maybe it's an unrelated injury. This fellow carries himself with confidence. Seems taller than he should be, considering he's only a human._

Bael crosses his arms. "Yo, Benjamin, it's been a while. I'm sure you've heard of Agares' return, and his second death."

"Only yesterday," the man says. "We're still preparing for a second funeral. I hear his body disintegrated into ash...?"

"Aye. It did." Bael nudges Mephisto, and the Duke of Mist makes a motion with his hands. In the grass at the bottom of the steps, a zombie emerges from the ground with a ceramic container in its arms. It trudges up the steps and hands the container to Mephisto, then heads back down and goes underground. 

Beelzebub shivers. _That thing had no face. Horrifying._

Mephisto hands the urn to Bael, and Bael to Benjamin. "Here he is. It's all we could recover."

Ben takes the urn and stares at it for several long moments. "I heard he died fighting the Black Witch. How did he come back to fight again?"

Beelzebub coughs. "Ahem. I can answer that question, insect. I fought and defeated my master when the Black Queen summoned him from the realm of the dead."

The man glances at his two female companions, then back to Beelzebub. "Oh. You must be his pupil. Beelzebub, am I right?"

"You are."

The man nods. "I am Benjamin Brown, the head slave here at the Slithering Spire. Since you are the new master of this residence, I am your humble servant."

Beelzebub gnashes his teeth. "I don't want a human servant. I want demon servants. Why in the Devil's name would Agares have humans working under him?! I thought the old lizard had more sense than that."

Rosalia nods. "Yeah! Why should Mister Beelzebub have humans working under him? Gross. He deserves better than that!"

Benjamin doesn't reply for a few moments. The man rubs his bald head a few times before answering. "Master Agares spoke about you all the time. He mentioned your proclivity toward hating humans, and your tendency to distrust and hate us, irrational though it be. I didn't expect you to look at me with such venom in your eyes, but now I understand what he meant."

"Irrational? I'm far from irrational," Beelzebub counters. "Humans tortured and exterminated demons in the past era before the Energy Wars. Your kind deserves all the pain you've suffered."

Benjamin scratches his thin black facial hair, then looks at Bael. "He doesn't know, does he?"

"Nope."

Beelzebub raises an eyebrow. "I don't know... _what_?"

Benjamin smiles faintly, then dismisses the two women. After they leave, he clears his throat. "Master Beelzebub, this may come as a surprise to you, but I lived during the Energy Wars."

"Huh? Lies. That's impossible. Your kind barely lives to a hundred, and that's if the demons allow you."

Bael shakes his head. "Ben's telling the truth. He was one of humanity's military commanders. He killed a lot of demons."

Nobody says anything for a few seconds.

Beelzebub's face whitens. "You... slew demons? And Agares allowed you to live?"

"I did, and he did. We had an agreement." Benjamin looks at a watch on his wrist for a moment. "Why not come inside? I'll tell you all about it. We've already prepared dinner for tonight, and everyone here is free to enjoy it."

Beelzebub's body stays tense. "I couldn't care less. I'm not entering a house filled with _humans_."

Benjamin nods. "I thought you might say that. I think you'll find Agares' last will and testament... enlightening."

Rosalia blinks, then reaches into her clothes to withdraw Agares' envelope from the Slaughterseum. Beelzebub eyes it for a moment. "Rosalia. I'm still having trouble controlling my flames. Hold it out so I can read it."

The plump woman nods, opens the envelope, and pulls out some ancient, faded papers. Beelzebub raises an eyebrow. _It looks like Agares wrote this will several hundred years ago._

His eyes scan the page as Rosalia holds it up.

_Beelzebub._

_If you are reading this, I have perished. I know not how, when, or why, but I assume you will inherit my estate and eventually move in with my family._

_Well, you might not think of them as family. After all, to you, they will appear as little more than slaves. Human slaves, at that, and I know how you loathe their kind. You're not one for compassion._

_My pupil, I believed in you from the moment I met you. You remember how we met, don't you? I do. I think about it all the time. You were a feisty little imp, one who thought of himself as better than the others. Your body took a beating now and then, but your pride was invulnerable. I respected that about you. I still do._

_You're a demon raised among demons. You're young, and thus know little of the galaxy and universe outside the Labyrinth. It's not your fault. We designed the Labyrinth to be an insular system. The Council wished to encourage ignorance among demons regarding their past so that we could look toward the future._

_However... I believe we went about everything in the wrong manner._

_I don't love humans. I've lost many brothers and sisters to their kind. However, I don't hate them, either. I believe humans and demons have value to each other. I tried to instill those beliefs in you as an upcoming Lord, but I fear I may have failed._

_Beelzebub. I bequeath you my estate, but I ask that you do things differently from me. Focus on what went wrong in the past. Demons and humans need not be mortal enemies. We should not have a predator and prey dynamic, but one of cooperation and trust._ 

_Some would say my goal is farfetched, and for an old bat like me, they would be right. However, you are not bound by the past as I am. Look to the future in a way the other demons won't. Lead humanity and the demons toward a horizon where both stand to benefit. If you do not... I fear that war will take us once again._

_Life is peaceful now, but I believe it will not stay that way forever._

_Be strong, my pupil. Stand up for what is right. Use that pride of yours to resist the honeyed words of the Council. Pressure them to accept-_

Beelzebub sighs and stops reading. "Agares always _did_ have a flair for the dramatic."

Bael walks around behind Rosalia. "Eh? What's it say?"

Beelzebub snatches the paper from Rosalia and burns it to ash. "Nothing you need to see. Human, have you read this letter?"

Ben shakes his head. "I have not, but I can hazard a guess regarding its contents."

"Excellent," Beelzebub mutters. "Incredible absurdity from a stupid old man. I regret wasting my time."

Rosalia stares at Beelzebub, having read the letter herself. "I thought the letter was... nice."

Beelzebub rolls his eyes. "I'm _shocked_ you'd think that."

Benjamin gestures inside the Spire. "Well, if that's everything, will you be joining us for dinner, Master Beelzebub?"

The Duke of Inferno glowers at the human for several moments. He sighs. "Fine. Whatever. I don't trust you in the slightest, but at the least, I'd like to put on some clothes."

Ben cocks his head. "Oh. I thought that fire around your waist was what you normally wore."

"No," Beelzebub hisses. "Get me a suit. Black. Trimmed cuffs with a bright red undershirt."

Ben clicks his tongue. "You'll be staying for dinner, then?"

"Don't test me."