Part 309: Prison Assault

Jason pauses at the edge of the anti-magic bubble surrounding Faith's End. While his eyes easily peer forward into the darkness, aided heavily by the improved visual sensors in his exosuit, his omnivision completely vanishes at the bubble's edge, unable to penetrate it.

The Wordsmith sucks in a quiet breath.

"Alright. Here goes."

He steps into the invisible barrier. His omnivision rapidly fades away, like a fire smothered beneath a heavy blanket. Within just five seconds, he loses the entirety of his wireframe worldview, making him unable to even see outside of the bubble's confines.

Reflexively, Jason takes a step back, exiting the anti-magic bubble. After three full minutes, his omnivision gradually restores itself.

"Damn. This thing is frightening..." Jason mutters. "I lost my ability to sense all the mana inside myself. Even after I left the barrier, it took me a good couple of minutes to regain my magical powers."

Inside his head, Jason's mind-wife speaks.

"Jason, it's worse than that. I completely fell asleep once you stepped inside. None of us inside your Mind Realm were able to remain conscious inside that anti-magic field. It seems to have a profound effect on errant souls."

The Archangel Gabriel nods. "I have lived for countless eons. Verily, not once have I encountered anything quite like this. However, it does resemble the mana which paralyzed thee when Ose struck thy body near the end of the Stormbringer Attack."

"That's what I thought, too..." Jason murmurs.

Behind the Wordsmith, Belial steps forward. She enters the anti-magic field and waits for a half-minute before stepping back out. Surprisingly, she regains access to her healing magic significantly faster, with only ten seconds needed for it to restore itself.

"Your soul is too weak," Belial explains. "My soul is that of an Emperor. Yours needs far more energy and time to perform the same feats that mine can. Mine is also significantly more resilient to external influences. It took almost twenty seconds for the anti-magic to smother my abilities, versus just five for you. Even so, the effect was just as total for me as it was for you. I can't use my powers in there at all."

"We still have to go in." Jason decides. "Every minute we delay is another minute something even worse could happen to Hope. Gressil's torturing him in there. We have to save my clone as quickly as possible."

Without any delay, Jason steps into the anti-magic bubble and begins marching forward. Belial follows after him, along with Amelia and Phoebe, and the rest of their army.

General Chadwick's regiment takes up the front-guard. They quickly and systematically begin spreading out through the many hallways inside Faith's end, with some having stairs that lead up, while others go down. 

The corridors remain eerily silent, with no guards of demonic or monster origin patrolling the halls. Many decayed lanterns hang from the ceiling, their flames having died out millennia ago. Other sconces hang limp from the walls, soon to eventually fall off and clatter to the floor.

It doesn't take long before the human army reaches the first of many prison cell doors. They open them quickly and prepare to shoot anything rabid that might attack them. Instead, they find human, demon, and monster corpses in various states of missing or rotting body parts.

Several of the weaker-stomached men and women shrink back from the horrifying sights. One man yanks open his helmet and wretches all over the floor when he walks in on the body of a badly mutilated human boy, someone whose entire lower torso appears to have been chewed off him bite by bite while he was still alive.

Even Chadwick, the stoic general, flinches upon entering a room and seeing a particularly gruesome sight of two succubi burned alive and fused into one, their bodies chained together in some twisted display of brutality.

"Dreadful. Unnatural, vile beings. Neil was not wrong about these... _creatures._"

Even so, the human army does chance upon a few survivors in the early rooms. One of them is an old man with rotted, blackened teeth, missing both of his eyes, and with maggots crawling around under his skin. The old man croaks painfully when his door opens.

"No... don't... hurt... don't hurt..."

"Jesus goddamned Christ," One of the soldiers curses. "Fucking hell. Someone get this man... I don't even know! Medical attention!"

Jason's expression turns darker and darker. The more he sees of these horrors, the more his thoughts churn silently.

_I've been so ignorant. What the hell was I thinking? Make FRIENDS with the demons?! While Hope has been out here witnessing this suffering on the daily, I was living it up in the ol' Hero City. I can't believe myself. The demons are so much worse than I ever expected... and I can only imagine what sort of monster this Gressil is if the outer layers of his prison are this bad._

Jason's thoughts don't get picked up by the denizens of his Mind Realm. Phoebe, Gabriel, Sir Lorent, Shana, and even the Phoenix all go inert, unable to contact the Wordsmith in any way. Having grown used to their conversations in his head, Jason finds the silence unnerving.

Phoebe appears equally mortified. Despite her tough will, her innate compassion and empathy nearly brings her to tears several times upon witnessing some horrific sight inside one of the prison cells.

Of the main group, only Amelia and Belial appear relatively unmoved. Amelia, because she has already seen the terrors of Gressil's torture, and Belial, because she knows well the horrors her people can unleash.

"You see?" Belial asks, her voice cutting through the gloom. "This is why I hate 'hanging out' with my people. Gressil might show us an extreme example of demonic violence, but he's hardly alone. Even the most casual demon cruelty would churn your stomachs."

Phoebe's eye twitches. "I hate this. I hate it so... so much."

She hugs Jason's arm and doesn't let go, no longer willing to look into the cells. Jason, for his part, instead forces himself to look at and swallow in the suffering and agony of these prisoners, burning their pain into his retinas.

"I have stood by for six years too long..." Jason murmurs. "But no more."

Minutes turn into hours.

After six full hours, the human army spreads out across the halls, becoming more and more wary the deeper they draw into Gressil's dungeon. They begin to find more people alive, but in states of far worse mental trauma. Unlike the forgotten prisoners barely kept alive in the outer cells, the ones in the middle and inner areas are more likely to be kept alive for Gressil's amusement... as well as those of his less savory guests.

Eventually, the humans run into their first contact. They open a cell door to find a pair of orcs sexually assaulting an old man and his wife, laughing to themselves while their victims scream and beg for mercy.

The moment the cell door opens, both orcs whip their heads around in surprise.

"Huh? Who you? This our turn!"

_BLAM! BLAM!_

Fifteen bullets fire into the room, splattering the orcs' heads, arms, and spines against the wall. Both monsters die without knowing what hit them.

"Medics!" One of the soldiers barks. "Request immediate trauma support!"

A pair of Clinicians decked out in battlesuits enter the room and quickly begin to treat the two elderly victims. Their cries and whimpers of pain make even the most stoic military veteran wince in sympathy.

"We'll take care of you... we'll take care of you."

Jason receives a report of those victims. His expression turns downright awful.

"There are bound to be more. Search every room. Kill any monster or demon or, hell, even kill any humans you catch performing such vile acts. Show these subhumans they are not welcome in _our_ universe."

The more Jason sees, the more his thoughts begin to turn cruel.

_I get it now. I see why Hope has acted the way he has. I can't believe I actually looked down on him, once. He was always right, and I was wrong. I've been far, FAR too soft on the demons._

Jason opens up one of the cells himself, only to find a half-dozen goblins surrounding a small human girl, perhaps just ten years old, doing incredibly vile and unspeakable things to her.

In the blink of an eye, a thousand emotions rage through the Wordsmith's head. Before Phoebe can react, he yanks out of her grip and storms into the room, his eyes turning bloodshot with rage.

"GET YOUR FUCKING HANDS OFF HER!"

The Wordsmith swings his fists like hammers, putting the full might of his exosuit behind his punches. The goblins don't even get a second to react before the terror of death engulfs them. Jason shatters their heads like watermelons and tears them limb from limb. He releases a bloodthirsty, inhuman scream of rage while crushing one of the goblin's heads with both his hands. He grabs the last one by its feet, lifts it overhead, and swings it against the wall with a violent SPLORT!

The Wordsmith's rage results in him killing all six goblins without the faintest shred of mercy. For several seconds, he can't even stop himself from punching the pulverized puddles of blood and gore left in their wake. He screams in a mixture of pain and anger while slapping their entrails around, before eventually going quiet.

The Wordsmith breathes heavily. Jason loses focus in his vision for ten full seconds before shaking himself out of his rage stupor to look at the barely-breathing little girl.

"Ph-Phoe...be... help her. Help the girl."

Shakily, Jason tries to stand up, but the strength goes out of his legs. Tears stream down his face, inside his exosuit, while Phoebe hastily steps inside to place a teleportation beacon on the child, whisking her back to the Core.

Immediately after, Phoebe turns to her husband.

"Jason. Jason? Are you... are you okay? Speak to me. I've never seen you... act like that..."

Her eyes lower to Jason's gauntlets. His exosuit, now soaked in the blood of six goblins, appears like a weapon straight out of a horror movie.The normally silver-colored suit appears covered in bits and entrails, giving Jason the fresh look of a serial killer.

Jason shakes his head.

"I... I lost control. I got so... so angry. Is she okay? Is the little girl okay, Phoebe?"

His voice trembles. The man behind the mask chokes on his emotions, unsure of what just came over him, so powerful was his primal, fatherly instinct.

"I don't know if she'll be okay." Phoebe answers, her tone neutral. "I sent her back to our medics at the Core. They'll take care of her, now."

"Good. That's good... that's good..." Jason repeats.

The Wordsmith falls silent for a good long while.

"...How could they do that to... to a little girl? She wasn't much older than... than Daisy. Are these demons nothing more than incarnations of pure evil? Am I even doing the right thing by trying to integrate them into my ranks?"

Phoebe hugs her husband's side.

"You are. We are, Jason. The demons in this prison... the monsters here... they don't represent- they aren't the ultimate be-all, end-all of their species. They're just sick, unfeeling..."

Phoebe pauses to gather her thoughts.

"Remember Sam, Jason. Remember her. She is proof that good demons exist. You can't let the bad ones crowd out the good."

"But you SAW what those fucking goblins were doing!" Jason shouts. "Them, the orcs, the imps... all of them! I'll bet eighty percent of our enemies are utterly irredeemable, and the other twenty percent are at the very least complicit! What am I even fighting for?!"

Phoebe slowly shakes her head.

"I don't know, Jason. I don't have all the answers."

...

After twelve hours of scouring Faith's end, Jason and his army manage to clear out more than ten thousand cells in the outer and middle ranks. Eventually, they reach the inner regions, where they begin to encounter even more monsters and demons inside the cells. Sometimes, they will even run into a few stragglers in the hallways, those on their way from or just departing their latest victim.

Of course, not all the oppressors in the prison use their captives for mere sexual gratification. Many of the more twisted ones prefer to use violence, torture, and mutilation, as they cut into and maim the prisoners while reveling in their screams.

Jason's earlier rage slowly begins to morph into a sense of twisted satisfaction as he rips the prison guards and other undesirables to pieces. For brief moments, flashes of glee cross his face as he grows more and more used to bursting into rooms and ripping apart the occupants inside, those perpetuating their evils onto their helpless prey.

The Wordsmith eventually pauses after killing his fiftieth enemy. For a moment, a thought appears in his head.

_...Killing demons is fun. It's quite enjoyable, really. I don't even feel a bit guilty about it. In fact, I ENJOY doing it. I'm completely in the right! All this time, I thought killing would make me a monster... but am I really a monster if I only enjoy killing other monsters? I'm the good guy here. I'm the Hero. This is what I should have been doing all along!_

Phoebe doesn't miss the rapid changes in her husband's demeanor. Her expression slowly shifts to one of discomfort after watching Jason march into a room and easily rip apart a half dozen orcs while prying them off their three female captives. Jason activates another few teleportation nodes to send the women back to the Core, but when he exits, he finds his wife standing outside the cell with her arms crossed.

"Jason. We need to talk."

The Wordsmith pauses. He looks at his wife.

"About what?"

"About you. You're... you shouldn't be..."

"Enjoying myself?" Jason asks.

"Something like that." Phoebe concedes. "You're a good man with a heart of gold. But this... this isn't like you. I don't enjoy seeing you like this."

Jason hesitates. Hearing such blunt criticism from his wife makes him stop and re-evaluate himself.

"Am I going too far?"

Phoebe slowly nods. "I think so. You know as well as anyone that I have no love for the demons. Even so... I would never _enjoy_ killing them. A life is sacred, no matter what. Do it as a duty, if you must, but do not become someone who enjoys the act of killing. You'd... you'd make me cry if that happened, Jason."

The Wordsmith's helmet opens. He allows his wife to look into his eyes.

"I'm sorry. You're right. I... I've been getting so swept up by my anger. I guess I'm trying to make up for what happened to Daisy. It feels like if I kill enough demons, monsters, and other sick individuals-"

Before Jason can finish his sentence, one of the troopers comes walking up.

"Sir. We've found something significant. You need to see this."

Jason turns his head slightly to look at the newcomer. "I'm... right in the middle of something."

"General Chadwick insists," The trooper says, his voice becoming strained. "We've found a... unique door. It's not like any of the others. We suspect it's holding a VIP."

Jason's annoyance at being interrupted vanishes.

"It must be Hope. Recall everyone and tell them to converge on that position."

"Yes, sir. I'll lead you there."

As the trooper turns to walk away, Jason shoots Phoebe a glance.

"We'll talk about this later, okay? But... I'll consider what you've said."

Phoebe nods. "That's all I want, hubby."

Jason reactivates his helmet, then he and his wife follow after the man, walking down several winding hallways, stepping over the bodies of multiple dead monsters and demons, all of them slain and dragged out of the cells to rot in the halls.

Minutes later, Jason and Phoebe catch up to Belial and Amelia, both of whom stand in a narrow cramped hallway with dozens of other troopers, all of them aiming their weapons at an unopened door.

The first thing Jason notices is a small sign on the door, one that shows the word, _Forbidden_. The next thing he notices are the more than two dozen latches and locks keeping the door locked tightly.

"Any idea who or what is in there?" Jason asks, his voice raising an octave.

"One life sign. Barely detectable," Amelia replies. "I don't think it's Gressil. It might be Hope, though."

Jason frowns. "Nobody has seen Gressil yet? Have any troopers gone missing? Any dead or injured?"

"Negative," Another commando responds. "Everyone is alive and counted for. No injuries. We've been extremely fortunate."

Jason knots his brow into a frown. "Maybe _too_ fortunate. Open the door. Let's see who's inside."

"Yes, sir."

As the Wordsmith's army closes in on the door, Amelia's gaze fixates on the Wordsmith. Through her eyes, Gressil sees everything.

The Emperor of Chaos stands some distance away, well outside the humans' visual range.

"So. They've found 'Birdie.' Good. She hasn't been responsive for a while. I'll have much more _fun_ with her if the humans manage to perk her spirits up. Haha."

The prison-master smiles.

"So many fun things are happening. It wouldn't do if I didn't say hello to the Wordsmith. Ah, but theatrics. I can't let Belial and the rest think less of me. I'll have to wait for the right... opportunity. Yes. It's high time things changed around here... and the Wordsmith is so deliciously _embroiled_ in Chaos. Haha. Haha."

---

Elsewhere in the Labyrinth, at the Core, controlled by humanity.

A single goblin walks out of the Core, past the two Jason-lookalikes parked outside. Immediately, both of the emotionless automatons whirl to face the small creature, ready to attack and crush him into atoms.

Without batting an eye, the goblin speaks.

"I am Grima, the hospital's devoted servant. I have business in the Labyrinth. I must trade for medical supplies with my fellow goblins. Please excuse me, for I am in a hurry."

The autonomous Jasons stare at the goblin silently for a few moments before returning to put their backs against the wall. Satisfied, Grima continues walking, as if lacking a care in the world.

Thirty minutes later, he walks well out of the surveillance range of the Core personnel. The goblin reaches into the folds of his clothes to extract a small, bean-sized device of unknown origin. He lightly squeezes it in his fingers, then slides it into his ear.

"This is Distant Outpost Apprentice Explorer, Kotori. Fourth Class, First Aspect, Melder. This one was assigned to observe the demon-controlled world of Tarus II. This one requests a pickup at Retrieval Location One-One-Six-Seven. This one possesses knowledge of extreme importance to the Founders."

Several seconds pass.

Eventually, a voice responds through the 'bean' in Kotori's ear.

"Identification confirmed. Explorer Kotori, we have not received any reports from you in more than twenty orbital cycles. Explain."

The goblin straightens his posture a little. "This one originally did not have anything of note to report. However, in the past six orbital cycles, this one has uncovered information that will benefit the war against the Plague. This one does not dare say anything else without express permission from a Seventh Class Observer or higher."

"Noted." Comes the reply. "This one will report your activities to this one's superiors. Proceed to the specified retrieval location. Do not transmit any additional information over this unsecured channel."

"This one contemplates. This one comprehends." Kotori says, before closing off the line.

'Grima,' a goblin-type Changeling, continues advancing through the Labyrinth after pocketing the listening device once again. 

It makes its way past many different monsters, demons, and other similar types, all without pausing its gait.

As an ordinary-looking goblin, Kotori attracts no attention whatsoever. Despite being a low-ranking Changeling with inferior skills in species-assimilation, it can still pass visual inspections with little effort.

Kotori walks down many different hallways, but it pauses all of a sudden. Its eyes flick into the distance, where a glimmer in the darkness catches its eye.

"Hm?"

The Changeling walks forward until stopping before a metallic band laying on the ground, a simple but precious-looking object made of gold, with diamonds and other jewels encircling its diameter.

Kotori stares at the object for several seconds without its expression changing in the least.

"What a curious coincidence. This one does not understand why it would chance upon Solomon's Crown in the middle of a random Labyrinth hallway. The last this one heard, one of the Wordsmiths possessed the Crown before it seemingly vanished."

Carefully, Kotori bends down and picks up the Crown with the tips of two fingers. Unable to sense the holy energy contained within, Kotori knows well it must not attempt to put on the Crown, since it is not a human and certainly not a Hero.

"What a fortunate find. The Founders will reward this one amply when this one reports its discovery. This one will make a substantial contribution to the war effort and elevate its rank tremendously."

Without dilly-dallying for a moment longer, Kotori continues advancing toward its goal, a secret place somewhere in the Labyrinth that not even the demons know about.

Soon, the Changeling will deliver news to the Founders and the rest of its species capable of rocking them to their very cores.