Part 522: The Camael Conspiracy

_Somewhere within the Deep Void..._

Founder Dosena screams through space at a speed far faster than light. She flickers in and out of P-space, avoiding dangerous spatial anomalies such as black holes, giant stars, and the occasional Great Void Beast, all while ferrying her prey from Tarus II back to her homeworld, Volgarius.

Mephisto's formerly giant body has already shrunken back down to its compressed form. Not because of any desire on his part, but because he was forced to shrink himself when Dosena deliberately began compressing him with her psionic field, causing him terrible agony until he conceded to her superior might.

Unfortunately, as Dosena learned, her power as a Mid Cosmic simply isn't enough to actually kill Mephisto. Unlike the ancient angels, or even the demons and humans, the vast majority of Psions aren't adept at soul manipulation. Young upstarts like Creator Demila have made big advancements in the past 100,000 years, but ancient monsters like Dosena have long lost the ability to alter their Psionic Seeds to introduce powerful new elements, and as such, she simply lacks the striking power necessary to eradicate Mephisto's unified souls.

Furthermore, his supernova-forged dragon-bones have become too durable for even her planet-busting attacks to break. Indeed, she spend a full hour attempting to break Mephisto after flying him a few hundred lightyears from Tarus II, but the effort proved moot. Dosena failed to create more than a tiny hairline crack on one of his ribs, a far cry from the sizable spiderweb-fracture left by Anaelle.

As Dosena flies in and out of P-space, rapidly traveling back to Volgarius, her thoughts churn swiftly, hundreds of times faster than any mere mud-dweller could fathom. In the time a fly's wing might beat for a single instance, she contemplates more than three thousand concepts, her brain working like a series of supercomputers all working in parallel to compare and contrast the observations she's made.

While Founder Unarin might indeed be the supreme leader of Volgrimkind, it is in fact Dosena who is not only the mightiest Volgrim, but also the smartest in terms of raw cerebral computational ability.

If Dosena has any weakness compared to the First Founder, it is a certain lack of artistic creativity. She is a brute; a bludgeon taken flesh-form who contemplates things in the simplest and most direct manner.

Naturally, as an ancient monster aged millions of years, she possesses a level of intellectual cunning far beyond that of the Wordsmiths, but even if she were to surpass Unarin in every regard, she still would hold no thoughts toward ruling the Volgrim Empire. Dealing with such mortal mundanities has long ago ceased to hold her interest.

_Archangel Camael has somehow obtained the power of an Apex Cosmic._ Dosena thinks, as she pieces together the clues she has gathered over the past 24 hours. _How did she revive? Did the demons revive her deliberately? Did they empower her? If so, why? What purpose would empowering one of their greatest enemies serve them? Or was this part of a deeper scheme? Did Archangel Raphael plan for his sister's revival? Could he be planning a revival of his own? Are the Wordsmiths involved? Did the Wordsmiths revive Camael on Raphael's orders? Is that why the First Wordsmith is so eager to work alongside the demons in spite of their crimes against his family? Could this be a conspiracy to unite and destroy the Volgrim?_

Question after question. Contemplation after contemplation.

Dosena's mind rapidly twists and untwists the potential conspiracy, but she lacks crucial clues. She doesn't know about Anaelle's true identity. If she did, she would certainly jump to other conclusions.

After leaping in and out of P-space for the 100th time, Dosena comes to a stop amidst the distant reaches of some random uninhabited star system somewhere in the Southern Milky Way. She levitates Mephisto's crumpled body around, her eyes smiling at his pathetic ball-like form as her psionic force wraps itself around like like a hamster ball, preventing him from making any movement but twitching.

[What plan do the demons have with Archangel Camael?] Dosena asks Mephisto for the tenth time since departing Tarus II. [Speak!]

Mephisto's glowers at her, but says nothing. He has long realized the error of her analysis, but he's made no attempt to repair the misunderstanding.

If Dosena thinks Archangel Camael has returned, why correct the record? Better to let her wallow in her misinformation, dreaming up all manner of devilish schemes, than to find out the rather boring truth of the matter.

The corner of Mephisto's mouth turns up in a faint grin. This enrages Dosena, who squeezes her psionic power even tighter, making him gasp in pain.

[Aaaargh!]

Inflicting pain on Mephisto isn't terrible difficult. Despite the durability of his dragon-bones, and Dosena's inexperience when it comes to soul manipulation, she can still wrack some small amount of agony upon the Myriad Deity's souls. This pain is quite horrendous, and were Mephisto in a situation that would give him any leeway, he might have cracked long ago.

Unfortunately, the necromancer knows the cold hard truth; he will gain nothing if he speaks and instead lose all his leverage. Dosena has no reason to ever set him free, but by keeping his mouth shut, he can at least preserve his life while she futilely tries to uncover his 'secrets' regarding the supposed Archangel's return.

[Ke...ke..ke...] Mephisto laughs hoarsely, his telepathic voice feeble and wracked with pain. [You... wisssh... you knew... keke... tremble in fear... Psssion... the Archdemon... keke... he will... avenge usss...]

[You and Diablo are NOT allies.] Dosena snarls, her eyes glowing red with rage. [Do not attempt to deceive this ancient one.]

[Kekeke... of courssse... we're not... kekeke... you are... ssso... right...] Mephisto says, grinning evilly at her.

Dosena growls inside her mind, but says nothing else. Privately, she can't help but wonder if Mephisto is telling the truth.

_Are the Archdemon and the Myriad Deity working together? Is this a ruse of some sort? What purpose would letting Mephisto be captured serve? Could there be a hidden agenda? Perhaps a ploy to strike at Unarin? Something involving the Plague? Are the Wordsmiths involved? What does all of this have to do with Archangel Camael?_

Dosena can't help but feel frustrated. For an eon, she has reigned supreme in the Milky Way, uncontested among her peers following the end of the Seventh Great War. Obtaining an answer was always so easy, a feat she could accomplish through sheer intimidation alone.

At the same time, her warrior spirit stirs. Breaking Mephisto's will starts to feel like a challenge, a bold declaration to her face that she is incapable of defeating such a pathetic, insect-like Cosmic Entity with reputation alone. It causes her ears to buzz with a hunger for victory...

Dosena turns her gaze toward the interior of this random star system. Abruptly, she rushed forward, traveling at a multiple of the speed of light.

Mephisto frowns. Something about her movement worries him. That worry escalates into fear as his Cosmic Aura detects the rapid approach of this system's star. Dosena targets the largest rocky planet in the system and flies toward it at a speed defying imagination, tearing through the void at post-relativistic speeds while holding Mephisto directly in front of herself. Instead of using her psionic power, she grabs him by the back of the neck and accelerates toward the planet at a frightening speed, giving Mephisto a good view of the world as it rapidly balloons in size during the approach.

[No! NO! Ssstop! What are you doing?!] Mephisto exclaims.

Dosena doesn't answer.

Her eyes turn upward in the Psion equivalent of an evil smile.

An instant later, a cataclysmic explosion detonates inside the star system.

Dosena slams Mephisto's body into that world at five times the speed of light, instantly vaporizing the planet, causing violent tears throughout the system, and sending shockwaves throughout all of nearby P-space!

The impact causes a terrible impact to Mephisto's souls. Even Dosena doesn't escape uninjured, breaking her arm and neck on impact. She wakes up a few minutes afterward, quickly healing the damage with her innate psionic abilities. She searches for Mephisto, only to find his body floating in the void amidst a 50,000 degree nuclear inferno of super-ignited planet remnants.

Mephisto doesn't move. He drifts in the void, unconscious, his souls rocked to their foundation by the impact.

But even that doesn't kill him.

Disappointed, Dosena yanks the dragon's body to herself, then flickers away, departing the region in an instant while ignoring the cataclysm she has unleashed on this system. By week's end, the star will likely have gone supernova due to the tears in P-space, wiping out any further planets in the system. Luckily, it was uninhabited, or Dosena might have suffered Cosmic Backlash from the Akashic Laws.

After traveling ten lightyears away, Dosena reappears in normalspace. She holds the dragon's unconscious body before herself and frowns. A noticeably large crack has formed on one of his skeletal arms, but it doesn't amount to much.

_Not even an impact of that level..._ Dosena ponders, frustrated once again by her inability to break the demon-dragon. _This Living Moldanium is far beyond any we've found in the Milky Way. If we can kill the Myriad Deity, his bones should allow us to craft a weapon capable of defeating the Plague..._

With the new revelation about the origins of Living Moldanium, Dosena begins to feel the death of all dragonkind was a bit of a shame. If they were allowed to reproduce in limited numbers, the Volgrim could kill them and harvest their bones indefinitely, allowing for greater and greater works of architecture and technology far surpassing mere warpgates.

Still, she shakes her head at the thought.

How could such a convenient thing work out the way she wanted? Ancient Dragons were likely no weaker, and possibly far stronger than 'Archangel Camael,' who was nearly able to break Mephisto's body with her power. If those monsters still roamed the Milky Way's voidspace, Dosena would be helpless before them. She would cease to be the hunter, and instead become the prey.

Feeling slightly glum about this thought, Dosena scoops Mephisto back up and continues on her way.

_I must uncover the root of this conspiracy,_ she thinks.

---

Hours later, after a short diversion to a Volgrim-controlled world Mephisto attacked, Dosena finds herself drawing near to Volgarius.

That diversion was not for nothing though. Thanks to intelligence derived from a 7th Level Psion named Praetor Revan, Dosena finally obtains visual confirmation of the Archangel's true identity. Without a doubt, it was Archangel Camael who chased after Mephisto and beat the tar out of him.

This further solidifies the thoughts she's been imagining, but continues to confuse and perplex her.

_Archangel Camael struck such a grievous blow on Mephisto's body, but might it have only been for show? If she is working with the demons, then this could be a ruse to allow a Demon Deity to slither into our inner circle. But why such a weak creature as the Myriad Deity? And why did the Archdemon seem so honest about wanting Mephisto dead? Demons certainly make for good liars. Perhaps he has even managed to deceive my sharp senses..._

Dosena struggles with far more questions than answers. The confounding variable of Camael's supposed return causes no end of consternation for her. She knows in her heart of hearts that if she were to battle the Archangel, she would lose.

_But if Camael has returned, why did she leave? Why reveal herself for so short a time, only to disappear once more? Could she be hiding within the 'membrane' of the False Cosmic Realm? Should I go there to seek her out?_

Dosena's mounting frustrations find no outlet to escape her body. They simply bubble and roil within herself, making her feel anxious and jumpy. Long has it been since such worry tickled at the back of her mind.

In the Second Founder's eyes, a great conspiracy has begun to form. She cannot be certain of its scope, nor of its depth. For all she knows, it could involve the humans, the demons, the monsters, and even the angels. It could be part of a 100,000 year plot formed by Raphael himself. It might have nothing to do with him, either. Perhaps the Plague is more sinister than even she imagined.

All those feelings... those sensations she has received over the past 100 millennia... could a powerful agent be guiding the Plague, seeking to exact a revenge of untold scale upon Volgrimkind?

Could Archangel Camael be crafting an artifact of untold power with the means to obliterate Volgrimkind and restore the ancient status quo?

And there was that one matter... that whisper of a 'cube' possessed by the First Wordsmith. Dosena could not locate its exact position, but she certainly confirmed its existence somewhere within the Tarus star system...

_It must be related._ She thinks. _I have to inform Unarin of my suspicions. He will know how to unravel this conspiracy._

It's at times like these, when things seem most dire, that Dosena feels a hint of relief.

The greatest Volgrim is not her. It is the First Founder, the brain powering all of Volgrim society.

If he cannot uncover the demon's scheme, then nobody can.

...

Dosena arrives inside the Volgarius system. It barely takes her three seconds to travel from the most distant outpost all the way to the interior, where she arrives at the edge of the atmosphere of the fifth planet from their star: Volgarius.

What's most remarkable about her appearance is that not one entity on the planet, nor one outpost capable of sensing fluctuations in the Void, manages to detect her arrival. She appears silently and invisibly, then flickers down to the Founder's Hand with Mephisto in tow.

When Dosena lands in the lone patch of green on Volgarius's surface, she pauses for a moment to seal Mephisto within an unbreakable prison of hardened psionic willpower. She crystallizes this material around his body, locking him in place to ensure that even if he wakes up, he won't be able to twitch a finger.

Then, she steps across space and arrives inside the Founder's Thumb.

Unarin stands next to a table where a galactic holo-map projects upward while he speaks with his brother Randis about various matters that require his attention. Dosena waits for Unarin to finish his discussion before stepping out of a fold in space behind the two Ascended.

Randis senses the faint disturbance in the air. He turns around to face her while offering the Second Founder a polite nod. "Dosena. You're back. Good news, I hope."

Dosena blinks all of her eyes slowly. [Not quite.]

She motions with her hand. A tiny mechanical device, barely the size of a pea, materializes in the air.

[Unarin, I recovered one of our Changeling Drones.] She says, as Unarin also turns to look at her. [It contains a full recording of the battle between the Wordsmiths and Mephisto.]

Unarin nods, revealing a faint, perfunctory smile. "Good. Give me a few standard time units. I will quickly assess the situation."

Unarin plucks the drone out of the air. Despite its tiny size, the materials comprising its body are hardy and durable. Even if he were to squeeze with a bit of strength, he wouldn't damage it.

He turns around and tosses the drone onto the center of the holo-map table. The map disappears, and a series of scanners envelop the drone's marble-shaped body, penetrating it and excavating the precious data held within.

Not one second later, a video begins playing, showing a high resolution recording of Mephisto's initial appearance on Tarus II, followed by his battle against Hope Hiro and Blinker.

Any human witnessing the recording would surely be shocked by how crystal-clear the recording proves to be, and by the fact that this one tiny little drone even includes more then three dozen different angles of the fight, all recorded by other drones and transmitted back to the one Dosena recovered.

Indeed, in the single second Dosena exited the Tarus II warpgate, she had already communicated with the Changelings on Tarus II, nabbed one of the drones, and compiled their collective footage together into the one she recovered before she even exited the planet's biosphere.

Such a shocking show of speed means little to the Second Founder. Her perception of time stands far beyond that of the puny mud-dwellers, and the mere act of revealing this recording to them would likely scare the Terrans out of their wits.

They haven't a clue how significantly they've already been infiltrated...

Minutes pass.

An hour...

Randis and Unarin both watch the feed, with Unarin specifically manipulating the video to search out specific angles of the battles. But he doesn't stop there. He also investigates the human's fighting situation on Tarus II, noting their extreme improvement in tactical capabilities and how they didn't suffer a single loss to Mephisto's minions.

He watches as the First Wordsmith appears toward the end to tangle with Mephisto. He observes, silently, while Jason uses all sorts of strange and unexpected means to deal with Mephisto.

The more Unarin sees, the more his eyes narrow.

"The First Wordsmith has become adept at using his powers." Unarin says. "Surprisingly so..."

Dosena blinks. She also watched the video on her return journey to Volgarius, but she was far too preoccupied with thoughts about Archangel Camael to notice the discrepancy of Jason Hiro's alarming new mastery of his abilities.

[Indeed...] Dosena says slowly. [The Wordsmith has improved his skills in a far shorter amount of time than we anticipated.]

The room falls silent.

Unarin watches the video all the way until the point when Dosena took Mephisto away. Then he rewinds back to the start of Jason's battle with Mephisto.

He skips around the battle, jumping from here to there, observing random moments with seemingly no greater link between them.

"Hmm. Hmm."

Unarin hems and haws to himself, not voicing his thoughts out loud.

At one point, he casually turns to Dosena and smiles.

"Second Founder. Do you remember the Star Flowers on Melkia?"

Dosena also directs a casual gaze toward him. She pauses for a full second before replying, while twitching her right foot slightly.

[Of course. Their venom was lethal, even to a 7th Level Psion. For such a small bud to possess such a toxin, it was a symbol of the damage a minute entity could cause even to a giant.]

She reaches up to scratch her chin while she talks. Unarin nods his head three times, then blinks his eyes twice.

"It's at times like these when I truly admire the ingenuity of these Terrans." Unarin says softly, while glancing at his nails. "They are small, yes. Weak, yes. But they have such beautiful potential."

The two continue to talk about metaphors of the past, but in secret, they begin communicating in a highly confidential, top-level form of non-verbal communication developed more than a million years prior.

A communication method known as The Whisper allows the two highest individuals in the Volgrim Empire to not only communicate verbally, but non-verbally in secret, their enhanced brains allowing them to hold two conversations at the same time with ease.

[I am seventy-three percent certain the Volgrim Empire's highest levels have been compromised.] Unarin transmits to Dosena through his body's microscopic tics. [I postulated this might be the case already, but I lacked proof. Tell me about the Wordsmiths. Did you scan the physical makeup of their bodies?]

[Of course.] Dosena answers, relying on her body's movements rather than her telepathy. [The Second Wordsmith seemed ordinary, but the First Wordsmith did not battle in his true form. The body I sensed was made up of mechanical parts. It was a cybernetic facsimile.]

[Just like how the Second Wordsmith battled Vulpanix with a corpse-puppet.] Unarin acknowledges. [The Wordsmith's methods are eerily similar. Think back on the Second Wordsmith. Did his body appear to be aged significantly on a cellular level compared to the last time you scanned him?]

[No.] Dosena transmits, before her hands stutter for a moment. [Actually... yes. His body's biological indicators were slightly out of sync with what I would have expected. I attributed the difference to spatial distortions. He did meld his soul with multiple other Heroes during the battle against the Myriad Deity, after all.]

Unarin decides to come out and 'speak' his suspicion. [The Wordsmiths may be operating inside a high level Temporally Distorted Realm. I am not certain of its exact ratio, but based on the Wordsmith's abrupt improvement with his magical abilities, it is likely he has spent several orbital cycles inside.]

Dosena maintains a neutral expression. [Does he not know of the risks? Temporal Acceleration is extremely hazardous toward biological life.]

[I estimate with a 40% confidence he is aware.] Unarin replies. [It would explain why he sent a mechanical facsimile of himself to do battle in realspace. But that is not the most pressing issue.]

Out loud, Unarin says, "...of course, that is why the angels once ruled the galaxy. Their leader is a man worth admiring."

In secret, he continues speaking to the Second Founder. [The Wordsmith has likely placing spying devices all across our Empire. He may be listening to this conversation as we speak.]

Dosena doesn't show any surprise on her face. [A plausible inference. What made you come to this conclusion?]

[I estimated what I would do if I possessed the Wordsmith's powers.] Unarin explains. [Spying on our Empire is an obvious move he should have made sooner. It's possible he has been spying on us for a while now, but I believe he did not start until after him and I spoke in person.]

[Then we will have to proceed with extreme caution.] Dosena says. [The Wordsmith should be rapidly growing in a secret enclave somewhere. Perhaps the 'cube' Creator Demila spoke of?]

[Potentially.] Unarin acknowledges. [From now on, assume the Wordsmith has the capability to intercept any communication, be it via mechanical, mundane, or psionic means. He might not be able to listen in on the thoughts of a 7th, 8th, or 9th Level Psion, but that is a risk we should not take.]

Dosena nods imperceptibly. [Very well. I will speak to Creator Demila regarding her efforts in the Labyrinth. We can put the hunt for Gressil on hold. Searching for the lost 10kg's of Trifrancium and keeping an eye on the First Wordsmith is more important right now.]

[Yes. Do that.] Unarin transmits. [Also put out a Star Flower alert throughout the Empire. It's unlikely the Wordsmith will know what this code means, but do be secretive about it. We should also assume the two Wordsmiths are working in tandem to deceive us. Their feud on the surface may not burn as hot as they pretend...]

Dosena hesitates.

[You believe... the Wordsmiths may be working together?]

[It is always a possibility.] Unarin says, neither confirming nor denying.

After a brief moment, Dosena transmits something else.

[Unarin. I have thoughts regarding the Apex Cosmic. Please give me your opinion regarding this conspiracy I may have uncovered...]

Dosena begins to tell Unarin of the suspicions she's been holding all day.

As she does, Unarin's expression becomes faintly cloudy.

[Something nasty is brewing... I require time to unravel these threads.]

[Time is a scant resource.] Dosena concludes.