Part 405: Right to Rule

After another chunk of a day spent in Hyperspace, Jason and Unarin re-enter the Volgarius system's inner limits, while Raphael has returned to his ring. The Founder's Spear cuts through the Void with ease, slipping past hundreds of thousands of other Volgrim vessels without them ever gleaning a hint they nearly got a chance to look at the most important member of their entire Empire.

I must admit..." Unarin murmurs, glancing out a side window at the barely visible specks of light from some nearby ships. "...I always feel a certain barrier between myself and my people. It makes me somewhat detached from their daily struggles."

"That's because they look up to you as a god." Jason snarks. "Can't have a casual chat with someone when you worship the ground upon which they walk."

"No. You cannot." Unarin mutters. "You're more of an informal leader, aren't you, Wordsmith?"

"I am." Jason nods. "That's by design. I don't want to put myself up on a pedestal. I'd like it if any random person could bring their concerns to me directly if they saw me walking about."

"There are many advantages to such a ruling style." Unarin says. "But, in my opinion, far more disadvantages."

"I grew up in a time when the politicians were so detached from reality, they only intended to make themselves money and amass power. They didn't give a shit about me, or my friends, or any other person in my country." Jason explains. "I don't want to fall into that same tar-pit and become a greedy little monster."

"Admirable." Unarin says, turning away from the window to look Jason in the eye. "But as I said. Too many disadvantages. You think you're fostering a spirit of community with 'your people,' but all you're really doing is undermining your own rule."

Taken aback, Jason frowns at Unarin. "Undermining my own rule? What? How... why?"

"There are two types of power." Unarin explains. "Power from strength, and power from projection. You are a Hero. You possess the magical ability known as Wordsmithing. You are, in effect, a godlike human capable of making anything happen with a flutter of your lips. This is your power from strength. But what of your power from projection? Do you think it is equally up to par?"

"I'm not sure I understand the difference between the two..." Jason says, his words slow. "Explain."

"Power from strength is exactly what it sounds like." Unarin explains. "You personally can become powerful, or you can have people who work directly under you who are powerful. Close confidantes. Maybe a strong military or system of policing. These force people to respect you because they fear direct retribution if they go against your decrees."

The First Founder continues. "But strength from projection is different. It is a manner of how you present yourself. If you've ever met a sniveling coward, someone who 'sucks up' to those above them, you'll know what it means to not possess a shred of projected strength. At the same time, some can project strength while being quite weak themselves. These are people of decisive action. Generals who must make tough decisions. They cut their losses decisively and never waver in their views. They inspire mere confidence based solely on their attitudes."

The Wordsmith listens intently to Unarin's words. He nods along and momentarily falls into thought.

"You're talking about yourself..." Jason says. "You are physically strong, yes. But you also have Dosena at your side, and armies of Psions who can enforce your command. Plus 800 gazillion other Ascended who can come stomping out of their simulated war-games if the situation turns hairy. But, at the same time, you always make sure to project an air of authority so people know you're in command."

"That's right." Unarin says, slowly nodding. "If people believe in their hearts that I am in control, the thought of subverting my authority will never cross their minds. They feel inferior, and as such must question if their counter-opinions are even worth pursuing. But can you say the same for yourself, Jason?"

"Absolutely not." Jason answers. "I didn't have the strength/projection framework in my head before, but even without it, I've always intuitively understood the idea you're espousing. I just disagree with it."

"In what way?" Unarin asks.

The Founder's Spear passes the seventh planet in the system, but neither of the two leaders notice its passage due to their debate.

"Like I said before." The Wordsmith explains. "You're too detached from your people. Because they look up to you as a god, nobody will dare to question you. They may not rise up against you, sure, but they also will be fearful of informing you of major issues that might be 'plaguing' your empire. No pun intended."

"Ah. So I am uninformed, then?" Unarin asks, a smile twitching at the corner of his lips. "Yes, perhaps you are right. I am a fool who does not know how to keep an eye out for major problems cropping up within my borders. Oh, if only I had the insight of this humble human, I might be able to turn my shoddy little Empire into one which stretches across the whole galaxy."

"Hardy-har-har." Jason snorts, rolling his eyes. "Laugh it up. You literally just gave a speech where you said you had to change up the way your Empire was run because you've become stagnant."

"Yes. But that notion contradicts you." Unarin nods. "I recognized the flaws in my Empire. I corrected them. Do you know of any criticisms my people would be too 'afraid' to give me?"

"I don't." Jason says. "But then, I haven't had time to mingle among the Volgrim. Well, aside from the ones on the Hatoraxia. I do have to say, they all feel quite... bland. I know you're dealing with an alien invasion and all, but the Volgrim are too uptight. Your existences aren't filled with love, or fun, or joy... you're all business, all day."

Jason looks at Unarin meaningfully. "Do your people even engage in creative work anymore? Aside from 'creatively' building technology or weapons of war, I mean."

"You've seen the artistic displays in my sanctum." Unarin points out. "My people are more than capable of creating beautiful and exquisite art."

"Yet all of your stratoscrapers are the same exact design. Your inner halls are sterile, clean, devoid of color. You yourself may be able to experience the joy of art, Unarin, but what about the common folk?"

The First Founder leans back in his chair. His expression becomes thoughtful for a moment.

"Maybe you're right. We must fight with all our might to vanquish our enemy... but even before the Plague arrived, we had been slipping into an existence of monotony. Perhaps I should look into restoring some of the Old Empire's creative drive."

"In any case," Unarin says, redirecting the conversation back on topic, "I still think you're missing my greater point. You are going to experience major problems in your future as a result of the ruling style you've chosen. By making yourself easily available and ready to talk to any peasant without barriers, you've also greatly lowered your projected strength. People will slowly stop respecting or fearing you, and will instead start to have designs on your position."

"I'm the Wordsmith." Jason replies. "I'm irreplaceable."

"Are you?" Unarin questions. "What of your clone? Forgive me for being presumptuous, but it seems as if the two of you... aren't on the best of terms. Could he not supplant you if the people desired? He has all of the same abilities as you. He has all of the same strengths and weaknesses..."

"Well, he certainly could." Jason acknowledges. "But that would still leave humanity under the purview of a Wordsmith. Realistically, can a non-Wordsmith bring the same benefits to the table that I currently do? I've already constructed devices no other entity in the universe can create. That implies I'm pretty irreplaceable."

"You've overlooked a possibility." Unarin says, shaking his head in disapproval. "Dosena is, without a doubt, the strongest Volgrim in the Volgrim Empire. Yet she answers to me. What does that tell you?"

"Maybe you're like a pet to her." Jason says. "I doubt she fears you. She just leaves the thinking to a smart guy and chills on her own, doing whatever she wants. She only jumps in when a problem requires her specific abilities."

"Exactly!" Unarin snaps. "How do you not see the possibility this creates? Imagine a scenario where you or your clone are no longer in control because a much smarter and more cunning human takes up the role of leader. Could you smite him dead? Of course! But would that earn you the undying love and respect of your people? By no means! Nobody wants to be led by an average man, or even worse, an absolute fool. Especially when they see a better possibility take the spotlight, even briefly. Even if you kill the wretched little bastard before he can truly seize power, his words will still have spread. You can't kill an idea. Especially if that idea is the concept that you are inadequate to rule your people."

Unarin pauses.

"Well. I suppose you could wipe everyone's minds. Erase their thoughts of the interloper. Kill him off, then return to doing what you did before. But that has its own complications, doesn't it? Even if the people have forgotten, _you_ will not. You will always remember that moment someone challenged you rhetorically and won."

"Maybe it's good to be challenged." Jason counters. "And this little tirade of yours sounds awfully personal. Did someone try to usurp you in the past?"

"By no means." Unarin replies. "I usurped _them_. The rulers of the Old Empire were corrupt despots. Foolish imbeciles. Some of them were mighty Psions capable of compressing my matter into a micro-singularity, yet they dared not raise their hand against me once my words had taken effect on the populace. That's because doing so might bring an end to me, but it would destroy their credibility and risk a revolt."

Unarin folds his hands together. "Let me ask you a question, Wordsmith. For what reason does a ruler rule? Why go to all the trouble of making decrees and trying to guide the people instead of simply keeping to yourself? You have such fantastical powers. Could you not just take a group of your loved ones and sail off into the distant reaches of the Void? Why bother even trying to appease the commoners at all?"

Jason knits his brow. "Because... I want to make a better future for my people. I want humanity to rise up and attain their true potential."

"Do you value their freedom?" Unarin asks.

The Wordsmith slowly nods. "I do."

"Then if they turn away from your teachings, your rule... will you find a way to force them into following you?"

For a brief moment, the air between both men becomes frigid. Jason silently considers Unarin's words, and a tense feeling grips his heart.

"I... I wouldn't do that. If I am just going to demand their unconditional loyalty, then I might as well rule over robots."

"The people don't have anything to explicitly offer _you_." Unarin declares. "You are a Wordsmith. Anything they can produce for you, you can already produce instantly, in a fraction of the time, for a fraction of the cost. Therefore, I must conclude that you are trying to lead humanity to a better future for _their_ sake. And if that is the case, then you must take great care not to let someone undermine you."

He pauses.

"...You must make sure your projected power becomes unassailable. Otherwise, you will lose this battle and have no choice but to reluctantly step back and allow someone else to take the lead. And that won't be very satisfying, will it? Having to listen to one of your 'lessers.' An ordinary person. Someone who has outwitted you and turned you into their dog. When they tell you to cast your magic, you will do so. Not because you want to, but because you will know in your heart that they know better than you."

Unarin turns back to look out into the Void.

"I admire you, in a way. I respect your ideals. It's clear to me that you are a peaceful man, Jason. You want to create this cute little idyllic future where all the humans and angels and demons and Volgrim get together and dance around a primitive campfire. But everyone has their own interests. I have mine, and you, yours. Even if peaceful coexistence is a possibility, who is to say you are capable of leading your people to its destination?"

"Does this mean you don't think humanity and the Volgrim can coexist?" Jason asks.

"I believe anything is possible." Unarin answers. "Coexistence. War. Suffering. Joy. The truth is, these things are cyclical. Periods of war lead to wartime fatigue. People seek peace. But once they get that peace, after a time they will become bored and restless. Greedy. Rapacious. They will seek out new thrills. This will lead to war once again, and the cycle will repeat. Perhaps today you want to be a friend to the Volgrim, but will you hold that same position in a thousand cycles? Ten thousand? A hundred thousand? You aren't even close to a hundred cycles old, yet you seem confident that your beliefs are unshakable."

The First Founder chuckles quietly.

"You're too young, too naïve. If you still hold those ideals when you're a fraction of my age, I'll consider myself impressed."

"You're talking down to me again." Jason says. "It's obnoxious."

The Volgrim leader doesn't reply. For a brief moment, Jason's stoic expression falters. A flicker of hesitation passes across his face. He looks away from Unarin toward the blackness of space outside, along with the brilliant array of distant stars.

"...In truth, I have worried about this very topic. There are several people I consider to be smarter than me." Jason says. "One of them... he does have designs on my title. I can see it in his eyes. He's ambitious and power-hungry. I just... I felt like it would be beneath me to do anything about him. He's a competent military commander. When the demons attacked, he even sacrificed himself to buy our troops more time. Now that we've rescued him, they revere him as a war hero."

"Ahh." Unarin says, crooking a sinister smile. "And there it is. That's how it starts. You said he's a military commander? He holds sway in the hearts of humanity's soldiers?"

Jason slowly nods. "Yeah."

"And you?" Unarin inquires. "Are you... popular with anyone?"

"The civilians..." Jason says, grimacing visibly. "I know. I know. Fuck, it's a classic 'Fall of Rome' story. The guy with the military power will probably threaten the guy who has sway over the civilians. But it's different, right? I could flatten our entire military with a whisper from my lips!"

"You could..." Unarin says quietly. "...but _would_ you?"

"No. Of course not." Jason answers. "That would defeat the point. I'm not going to make an enemy of humanity! They're my people!"

"A threat you cannot follow-up on is no threat at all." Unarin points out. "So, now you must ask yourself... does Neil Adams believe your threat? Or will he call that bluff?"

Jason immediately snaps backward. "I didn't say his name!"

"I'm not an imbecile. I'm the bloody First Founder." Unarin replies. "I already know your military's hierarchy and other mundanities. Don't dodge the question. Does Neil Adams know you won't dare to use force against the military? Does he truly fear that you might kill him? Or, and bear with me on this... what if he does fear you might kill him for trying to usurp control, but he doesn't care? What if he would do it anyway, just to force your hand?"

The Volgrim leader chuckles deep in his throat. "Hehehe... it's such a funny little conundrum, wouldn't you agree? The all-powerful Wordsmith... unable to reach out and kill the first ant which might threaten him."

The Wordsmith shifts in his chair. He fidgets, growing more and more worried by Unarin's observations.

"Son of a bitch. You have a way with words, Unarin. I'm really starting to doubt myself here..."

Unarin stands up and stretches his legs. He cracks his back and shrugs nonchalantly.

"It's not entirely your fault, Jason. You're young and optimistic. You want to believe in the best intentions of those around you. I was like that, once. Oh, it was so long ago... I still remember the Volgrim who first lied to me, though. He sold me out to the leaders of the Old Empire. It was a painful moment, but one of learning. I don't know how you would react if such a situation arose, but I remember what I did, as clear as day."

He continues. "I killed that little bastard. Murdered him on the spot. Then I rose up and gave a speech to the people, one my followers broadcast far and wide. I made it impossible for my enemies to publicly attack me, turning my weakness into strength. The rest is history."

"So... you think I... I _should_ kill Neil?" Jason asks, his expression turning grim.

"Do what you please." Unarin replies. "You're the god-damned Wordsmith. Act like it! Stop trying to ameliorate all those pathetic, whiny little pissants underneath you. Stop trying to play the role of a calm and polite leader. Stop trying to act all chummy and buddy-buddy with every miserable dog that wags their tail at you. Start making hard decisions, taking bigger risks to pursue YOUR vision!"

"But my vision is inherently one of cooperation." Jason explains. "That doesn't lend itself to violence. I have to set an example!"

"Ah. So you've... never hurt anyone? Killed anyone?" Unarin asks with a mischievous grin. "Not _ever_?"

The Wordsmith falls silent.

So, too, does Unarin.

In his mind, Jason replays what happened on the day of Daisy's death.

He recalls the moment he flew into a berserk rage and cast a magic spell that slaughtered tens of thousands of demons who barely managed to survive Beelzebub's blast.

Then, he killed Bael.

Not long after, Jason killed Ose, too. Even if Arthur's construct did the deed itself, Jason still gave it the order.

He stares distantly at the wall, not wanting to meet Unarin's eyes.

"I... did. Many demons. Because of my daughter's death."

"Then you already have it in you." Unarin says quietly. "The capacity to kill. The capacity to mete out punishment through violence. It's your choice to use it or not. I won't guide you either way. I can only speak to what I might do in your situation."

He shrugs again. "Who knows? Maybe the Wordsmith will have some unique method to deal with his problems. I lack your powers, so I cannot say for certain you couldn't think up an unexpected solution."

"Yeah..." Jason whispers. "Maybe... something unexpected..."

The two men fall silent. Muuxunuu's words transmit through the speakers overhead. "First Founder. We have arrived within Volgarius's gravity well. We will descend to the planet within the next four time-units."

"Mmm." Unarin says, nodding vaguely. "Thank you, Muuxunuu."

After they finish their quick exchange, Unarin and Jason both turn to the window to watch as Volgarius's hideous grey surface comes within view.

"Maybe you don't have everything all figured out." Jason says. "Any ideology that would result in a capital world like this... it's not one I'd want to pursue."

"Every choice has a consequence." Unarin replies. "The only problem is, nobody can predict what those consequences will be."

"Yeah." Jason says, as a strange look enters his eyes. "Nobody..."