Part 432: Fragmented Past

A blinding white radiance batters the Second Wordsmith's eyes as he steps through the Nether Gate. That same radiance, an all-encompassing light that chases away shadows in all directions, is one he has seen through visions granted to him by Solomon, some months earlier. He immediately winces, recognizing that this radiance is not something that can be casually replicated, mostly due to its holy properties. The thick spiritual energy in the air immediately tells Hope everything he needs to know.

"Is this... Heaven?!"

[It is.] Vulpanix says, sagely blinking her eyes. [Or rather, it is what _remains_ of Heaven. It is The Vault we use to store and maintain Heroic Artifacts.]

Hope glances around his immediate vicinity. He doesn't find any Volgrim in the area, but he does spot hundreds of beautiful white trees, all of their trunks glowing with light. Plump, round fruits hang down from the branches, each one radiating spiritual energy.

Some distance from the bright blue Nether Gate itself, Hope notices structures sticking slightly out of the ground, but they are not made of steel, concrete, or any other inorganic matter. Instead, they appear to be constructed out of wood and clay, seemingly primitive, yet also surprisingly intricately designed.

Finally, not even a kilometer away, Hope frowns when he sees a huge wall of light. He spins in place and looks all around himself, finding that this wall surrounds the Nether Gate in all directions.

[That is Heaven's Boundary.] Vulpanix says. [Not too large, is it? Quite small, even. There's not much left of the Angel's Realm. After the final battle in Heaven at the end of the Energy Wars, ninety-five percent of it was destroyed. Now all that remains is a fragment of its former greatness.]

Hope levitates around the immediate vicinity. He frowns as he looks at the mana-rich trees. He heads to the edge of the Boundary, but when he tries to pass through it, his hand presses against an inexorable force that resists him no matter how hard he tries to breach its limits.

Finally, he returns to the Nether Gate and shoots Vulpanix a complicated look.

"So. We're in Heaven. Does that mean the Nether Gate has brought us all the way to Earth?"

[You don't know?] Vulpanix asks, before her eyes flicker. [Ah. That's right. It was not you who spoke to the First Founder, but your original self, Jason Hiro. You are unaware of Heaven's fate. The Angel's Dimension shattered during the final battle with demonkind. Now, it no longer resides in the space around Earth. We have moved it to a more suitable location rich with life.]

"Serris?" Hope asks.

[No. Serris is not suitable for sustaining Heaven's need for rich life energy. Instead, we wrapped what remained of Heaven around a certain paradise-class planet rich with fauna and flora. The Nether Gate allows us to step across the galaxy and arrive inside this secret location. But that does bring me to the reason I brought you here. You see, the Volgrim have a... dilemma.]

Vulpanix lifts off the ground and begins to levitate toward the forest of bio-luminescent trees. As she approaches, she speaks to Hope.

[My people are more than capable of creating 'folded spaces.' After all, the Psions are masters of altering and manipulating the void itself. But sustaining those spaces in perpetuity is, as of this moment, beyond our capabilities. Heaven is different. It is a folded space which requires no regular maintenance.]

She turns to look at Hope with deep meaning.

[I'm sure you are able to follow this line of discussion.]

"You want me to help you make folded spaces?" Hope asks.

[In a roundabout manner, yes.] Vulpanix replies. [We already possess the means to create sustainable folded spaces. We are simply unable to do so at present.]

"If you _possess_ the means, how are you unable to make _use_ of the means?" Hope asks, now visibly confused. "And how would you even know you possess the means if you CAN'T use them? You're talking in circles."

Vulpanix doesn't immediately answer him. Instead, she reaches up to one of the nearest Divine Trees and plucks a fruit from its branches. She casually tosses it to Hope, who catches it with ease.

[Eat that.] Vulpanix says. [It provides little benefit to a Volgrim, but for a mud-dweller like yourself, it should prove quite invaluable.]

Hope raises an eyebrow. He examines the large fruit in his hands, looking at its perfectly spherical surface. It vaguely resembles a small cantaloupe, albeit with an orangey, peachy skin, edible by humans. A sweet aroma drifts off the fruit's surface, and what shocks Hope the most is the surprising amount of mana contained within its center. Even a spiritually-dull person like himself can easily sense its energy.

[It isn't poison.] Vulpanix says with a hint of contempt. [If you think a High Psion like me needs to stoop to such a lowly level to deal with a mud-dweller, I'll fight you right here and now.]

"Oh, I know it's not poisonous." Hope murmurs. "But... what is this fruit? Why is it so rich in spiritual energy?"

[Surely, you have heard of the 'Garden of Eden'?] Vulpanix asks, her tone mostly rhetorical. [It is a figurative place alluded to in several holy books from your homeworld. It is said that the fruit of the 'Tree of Life and Death' could grant humans peerless knowledge, making them as wise and all-knowing as their Creator.]

"...So this fruit will make me smarter?"

[Some things are beyond the power of even a Creator.] Vulpanix says smugly. [It will not enhance your intelligence, not in the slightest. But... well, take a bite and see for yourself. The tests we have performed with various mud-dwellers were quite... enlightening.]

Hope resists the urge to immediately bite down. Instead, he utters a few Words of Power.

"**Inspect. Analyze. Origin.**"

Hope scours the spirit-fruit with his Wordsmithing. He discovers through his magic that its interior is even more densely packed with mana than he first expected, but most shockingly...

"What the hell? You call this a Soul Fruit?" Hope asks, looking at Vulpanix with shocked eyes. "It enhances a person's soul?"

[Tsk. You humans always go on about how the Volgrim aren't any fun, but then you immediately ruin the surprise.] Vulpanix complains. [I did not know your magic could even uncover the names of objects. That is a fact I will have to note in my report.]

Hope's heart skips a beat when he realizes he accidentally gave the Volgrim intelligence about his abilities. Internally, he curses at himself.

[But yes.] Vulpanix continues. [These are Soul Fruits. They are capable of _slightly_ enhancing a human's soul, though the effect on a demon will prove quite gruesome, due to their mortal weakness to divine energy. These fruits can only grow inside of Heaven. It took several millennia of research to produce their trees. We are even confident we could grow different types of plants, all capable of enhancing other 'metaphysical' aspects of living beings. Ah, but then the Plague attacked, and we had to divert valuable research assets elsewhere...]

Hope nods along to her words. After a moment of contemplation, he bites down onto the fruit and begins to chew.

Having expected the fruit to taste orgasmically good, or to melt in his mouth like an apple fritter, Hope raises an eyebrow when he realizes the Soul Fruit actually tastes quite bitter, even a little sour. While the taste is a bit unpleasant, it's still far from unbearable. And so, he continues to hesitantly munch on it, eventually consuming the whole thing within a minute or two.

After making sure to clean up its inner core and slurp up all the juices, Hope casually drops the inedible remains of the fruit to the grass at his feet and smacks his lips.

"Well. I have to say. Taste-wise, I'd rather eat an apple. Or pretty much any other fruit, if I'm being honest. And it doesn't seem like anything obvious has changed inside of me."

Hope does notice that his slightly fatigued mind, having remained awake for days already, feels a bit more rested than before. Additionally, while the mana expenditure for keeping his invisibility and stealth active hasn't been all too high, it has drained some of his mana. But now, his mana refills back to full, likely due to the fruit supplementing his reserves.

As for his soul... Hope doesn't notice any major changes in its composition, but he does feel a slight bit more 'aware' of the mana in the air. Unfortunately, he isn't entirely certain if that's because his soul has slightly improved, or because of a placebo effect.

[Yes. Most mud-dwellers did complain about the taste. But such a trifle is unimportant.] Vulpanix says, her tone haughty. She folds her hands behind her back and assumes a domineering posture. [How many methods do you have at your disposal to improve your soul? Not many, I'd wager. This is but one benefit you could obtain by... cooperating with my people.]

"Another benefit for me." Hope says dryly. "This deal just keeps getting better all the time. Curious, then, that you haven't told me what you want from me."

[That comes now.] Vulpanix says. She gestures to the structures 'growing' out of the ground in the distance, half a kilometer away. [We found that inorganic matter, when built en-masse, could affect Heaven's delicate balance adversely. Therefore, we grew life-friendly eco-structures instead. Why don't we take a look at what's inside?]

Hope follows after her without complaint. He throws a casual glance back at the Soul Fruits and frowns.

_I do have ways to greatly strengthen my soul, though. I could devour the souls of others to empower myself. Demons would be best. Though I do wonder if there would be serious adverse effects if I did that. These fruits seem like a much safer, albeit slower method of soul enhancement..._

Despite the relatively short distance to the eco-structures up ahead, Vulpanix flies at a weirdly casual pace, barely covering any ground at all. Hope considers asking her what the holdup is, until she turns her head to look at him.

[Second Wordsmith. Do you know what makes me unique among my fellow Psions?]

"I'm sure you're about to tell me." Hope replies.

[There are many 'Confessors' in our great Empire.] Vulpanix says, her tone slow and ponderous. [The title a High Psion earns can tell you a lot about who they are and what their specializations are. How much do you happen to know about Psions?]

"Not much at all." Hope casually lies, unwilling to tell her about the last two weeks he's spent scouring the Psionic Enclaves of Volgarius. "But do feel free to enlighten me."

[Mmm. Not much at all, he says.] Vulpanix chuckles, making Hope frown. [I am a Confessor. Confessors use their psionic specializations to cause others to 'confess' information. Broadly speaking, that is how we choose to employ our abilities. What makes _me_ unique is that I am the only Soul Confessor in the whole of the Volgrim Empire.]

"Soul Confessor?" Hope repeats. "And that means...?"

[I am not the only Psion, nor the only Volgrim able to sniff out and detect souls. I am not the only one able to manipulate them. No doubt, some of the Executors, and even Founder Dosena herself are far superior to me in many regards. But I _am_ uniquely qualified to distinguish important nuances in souls that others cannot. Perhaps not even the ancient Archangels...]

"You think you're better at handling souls than the Archangels?" Hope asks, smirking in amusement. "I think Raphael would have some choice words if he heard you bragging so openly."

[The First Archangel has his strengths. I have mine.] Vulpanix says.

She pauses a stone's throw away from the bio-structures up ahead, the white tree-like buildings barely popping out of the ground. Then, she turns to Hope.

[What color is your soul, Hope Hiro?]

The Wordsmith blinks. "Color?"

[That's right. What color is your soul? Is it white? Black? Red? Blue? Have you ever thought about that question before?]

"Can't say I have." Hope answers. "I assume you're going to tell me it matters a lot?"

[Oh, most certainly.] Vulpanix nods. [More than you can possibly imagine. You see, I was born a thousand cycles after your so-called Energy Wars had concluded. By that point in time, many great Psions had already looked into Soulcrafting, and many considered themselves to be masters. But I was different. I was hungry to leave my mark on the Volgrim Empire.]

Vulpanix spreads out her palms.

[I began to research the metaphysical aspects of mud-dwellers, and in doing so, my Psionic Seed became more powerful far more quickly than did my peers. In just eighty-thousand short cycles, I advanced to the rank of Confessor, and I owe that speedy advancement to the unique aspects of you Terrans!]

"And what does that have to do with soul colors?" Hope asks. "Not to be rude, but it sort of seems like you're rambling a bit."

[Haven't you ever wondered why demons seem to evolve unique abilities as they advance in demonic power, but at the lowest ranks, they often stray into only a dozen or so major archetypes?] Vulpanix asks. [Why is it that the Archangels and the Valkyries possessed such a variety of metaphysical powers, but the lower ranks all had only the most homogenous and boring abilities? Why can Psions gain metaphysical powers, but the other Volgrim subspecies cannot?]

[And,] Vulpanix asks, [why is it that humans possess no magical capabilities whatsoever, yet Heroes can emerge from the most ordinary of your kind?]

"Well, that last one is easy to answer." Hope replies. "The Heroic Aura empowers humans, giving them the strength of angels and Titans."

[Ah, so you are unaware...] Vulpanix replies, smiling with her eyes. She waggles a finger in Hope's face like a disapproving parent. [No. The Heroic Aura does not 'empower' humans. It merely... 'heals' a certain defect already contained within their bodies. It was my investigations which uncovered this fact. Indeed, all humans should possess the power to magically enhance themselves on a metaphysical level, but the angels placed a defect inside their vessels, preventing them from doing so.]

"Bullshit." Hope says. "That's not how magic works. Are you lying to me?"

[Your other half already knows the truth of the matter.] Vulpanix answers. [He and Unarin shared many secrets with one another. In the interests of furthering our relationship... I have been permitted to inform you of these revelations.]

"So you're telling me the angels intentionally made humanity flawed?" Hope pushes further. "Why would they do that?"

[Why ask a question to which you already know the answer?] Vulpanix retorts. [The angels suffered due to their creation of the Dragons, Titans, and Demons. Does it not make perfect sense they would spiritually cripple their newest creation to prevent your rise?]

For several long seconds, Hope becomes quiet. He ponders on what Vulpanix has told him and compares it to his existing knowledge-base.

_Did Solomon know about humanity's crippled nature? And if he did, why didn't he tell me?_ Hope wonders.

"So what color is my soul?" Hope asks, after regaining his bearings.

[I am unable to sense yours.] Vulpanix says. [That barrier around you is quite difficult to see past. If you drop it, I'd be happy to tell you.]

"Ah." Hope grunts. "No, I don't think I will."

[It will be difficult to build a mutual cooperation between us when you harbor such distrust toward me.] Vulpanix says 'sweetly,' her syrupy words sounding oh-so-grating to Hope's ears. [I've shown you my sincerity. Where is yours?]

"You've shown me a carefully crafted narrative to butter me up." Hope responds. "And yet you still haven't told me what it is you want from me. Don't act like you're doing me some huge favor by tossing me a few fruits which you already said were useless to you and some information you already told Jason. I'm not an idiot."

[The color of one's soul affects many different metaphysical aspects of their potential.] Vulpanix explains. [By looking at one's soul color, I can also tell what sorts of attributes they might later come to possess. This makes me excellent at uncovering the future potential of a mud-dweller, or even a Psion. For example, I once had the chance to peer at your other half's Soul Color. Jason Hiro's soul was quite interesting. It was actually a rainbow of different colors, mixing together five major affinities into one blend. I have to wonder if your colors will differ from his...]

"So, what, the color of a person's soul determines the powers they can wield?" Hope asks. "And a rainbow means they get a versatile power like Wordsmithing?"

[You have heard of Specialists and Generalists when it comes to magi, yes?] Vulpanix asks rhetorically. [The color of one's soul determines not only the types of metaphysical abilities they will be most adept in, but _how_ adept they will be in wielding their gifts. This applies to mud-dwellers and Psions alike, a fact that earned me great accolades among my peers. Unfortunately, the ability to detect a soul's color lies outside the scope of what Volgrim technology can currently achieve... and that is where you will be able to assist us.]

Vulpanix gestures to the bio-structures sticking out of the ground. Their cream-colored wood intermingles with the beautiful green grass, creating a fantastical atmosphere Hope might even describe as 'somewhat Elvish.'

A door to one of these small structures opens under Vulpanix's psionic control. Hope walks inside, and Vulpanix follows after him.

Shielded from Heaven's Light, the sudden relative darkness makes Hope wince. He utters a Word of Power to forcibly alter his eyesight, only to find himself inside an underground terrarium, one filled with countless exotic flora from all manner of distant Milky Way worlds.

Plants hang from the ceiling. They grow on the walls. They slither up out of cracks in the floor, with some of them appearing vine-like, and others resembling Bonsai Trees. Some plants have fruits or vegetables hanging off their branches that Hope has never seen. Others smell quite foul, making him crinkle his nose.

A faint green light pervades the room, quite different from Heaven's omnipresent bright white light that not even closing one's eyelids will obstruct. Its soft, earthly glow makes Hope feel at ease, as if he's entered an underground wonderland reminiscent of a paradise.

But when his eyes stray to the far wall of the terrarium, his heart jumps into his throat.

A fifteen-foot-tall statue stands erected, a figure of a woman holding one hand up to grasp hold of a palm-sized planet. Two wings protrude from her back. Her dark brown skin contrasts with the greenery around her, making her look like a tree that has taken root inside the Terrarium. Her five splayed-out fingers hang but a few inches from the planet, as if tantalizingly close to taking hold of it, yet failing to close the final gap. A look of longing hangs on her face...

And on that outstretched hand, a single golden band rests on her fourth finger.

The ring of an Archangel.

"Is that Uzziel?!" Hope gasps. "The Archangel of Creation?! Why is her ring here? What's going on?"

Vulpanix nods sagely. [Archangel Uzziel. During the Final Battle in Heaven, she became wracked with grief and rage. She unleashed an attack that annihilated multiple Demon Emperors and countless Dukes. She expended all of her vitality and self-detonated, tearing apart Heaven until only a fragment remained. In the end, her ring fell to the ground, and the demons parlayed with us to obtain their benefits.]

Vulpanix leads Hope closer to Uzziel's statue. He marvels at its lifelike appearance, and how it almost seems as if it could reach out and touch him. If the statue came to life and started talking, he wouldn't even be surprised.

"You have Uzziel's ring." Hope says. "Is that why you brought me here? To convince her to do your dirty work? You think she might listen to a Hero instead of you?"

Vulpanix's eyes lower, ever so slightly.

[Unfortunately, I don't think your words will have much effect, Hope. You will not be able to convince Uzziel to do anything.] Vulpanix says.

She pauses.

[After all. The Archangel of Creation is... _dead_.]