Part 359: I've Come to Bargain

After witnessing Jason's complete toppling of Ose, and Arthur's unstoppable power, not a single one of the demons present holds even the slightest thought they stand a chance against the Wordsmith. Perhaps, if they all unite their powers, they might be able to kill him and Hope, but capturing the Wordsmiths alive to use their powers will absolutely not succeed. And even if they did manage to kill the Wordsmiths, they would all perish during False Arthur's onslaught.

Indeed, despite Jason's construct seeming weaker than the actual Arthur, due to an inability to wield holy energy or release the true Excalibur's magical power, in terms of simple, raw combat ability, its indestructible blade, overwhelming speed, and mountain-sundering power make the Blackhole Construct completely undefeatable. Only if the Emperors prepare for a long time, they might succeed in catching it in a trap, but on this particular day, that prayer will never be answered.

As the two Emperors who brought Jason to the bargaining table, Yardrat and Fae hold their chins the highest, knowing the Wordsmith will show them more sincerity than the others. It was due to their plotting that Ose fell so easily, without causing a ruckus, and that Jason was able to display his formidable might to cow the other Hidden Emperors.

As for the rest, they have no choice but to firm up their hearts, particularly when the Wordsmith's next words will decide their fates, as well as the fates of all other demons in the universe.

Jason Hiro begins to pace back and forth before the 5,000 assembled demon elites. With his helmet dissipated, they can all look him in the eye, and vice versa, he can also meet their gazes.

"...An alliance." Jason repeats. "It would benefit all of us greatly. Genocide is not a path I want to pursue. But make no mistake. If I wish to exterminate all of you, and the rest of your Hells, I hold the absolute advantage. You live or die at my whim."

He continues. "While these statements are true, it does not mean I wish to bully you. But I must speak these words so that you fully grasp your situation. You have stomped humanity into the mud. You have beaten, raped, maimed, tortured, and killed humans for your own sick pleasure, or to obtain benefits for yourselves, for well over 100,000 years. Simply put, you are currently unworthy of an alliance with me! Every single one of you deserves agonizing deaths! You deserve to suffer the same fate as all my brothers and sister before me!"

Jason peers into the eyes of several Emperors.

He pauses his speech to stop before one of them in particular.

"You. You are an undead demon! Gorn, if I remember correctly."

Emperor Gorn stands up a little straighter. Despite his immense body and height, his forehead barely reaches Jason's nose.

"I am Gorn, the Emperor of Many Faces." Gorn affirms. "And yes, I am undead. Mephisto revived me, following the Cherubiim's attack."

Gorn flicks his eyes toward the four Archangels in the distance, behind Jason. He snorts quietly, then returns his attention to Jason.

"I already know what you're thinking, Wordsmith. You're wondering if I'm one of Mephisto's pawns; if I'm preparing to attack you when your back is turned."

"Mephisto can control all his undead. He can use them as spies, or as suicidal attackers." Jason says with a nod. "But... there have already been two exceptions. Ose and Bael."

"And I am the third." Gorn says, drawing several looks of surprise from the other Emperors. "Mephisto made a mistake. He... didn't fully assume control of my soul, and so, I escaped his grasp. When he left, he took Zamiel with him, but left me behind, because he intends to collect my memories when we meet up again. Since you were about to capture Zamiel, Mephisto knew leaving him here was foolish, but he also knew I was not one of your targets."

Gorn doesn't tell the whole truth. He leaves out the fact that he broke free of Mephisto's control by simply switching the 'frequency' of his soul, but even so, his words explain ninety-five percent of the facts.

"Interesting." Jason says, examining Gorn's face. He stares at the masculine Emperor for a few moments before continuing his pacing. Without bothering to question Gorn further, Jason returns to his previous topic.

"All of you deserve to die, but I don't think that will help anyone at all, not in the short nor long term." Jason says. "Therefore! Before we can form an alliance, you will have to demonstrate true sincerity to me, the Archangels, and all the rest of humanity."

Emperor Kristoff maintains a neutral expression. "Whatever you request, Wordsmith... we will do our best to give you what you need. We all want to maintain a healthy relationship, in light of humanity's new trajectory."

"That's good to hear." Jason says with a cold smile. "Let's talk about Stormbringer. Ose is dead, and it goes without saying that all of you, every single one, will go out and pursue Mephisto to the ends of every Hell. You will catch him. You will kill him, or you will capture him. You will also bring his Lantern to me, as well as Kar's body. But this is only the start."

Jason continues. "It's entirely possible Mephisto will continue to evade you. If you can't catch him, no matter. I will do it myself. But there is one thing I know you can all do. You will track down _every_ single demon and monster involved in the Stormbringer attack. Any who personally killed a single person or creature on my side during that dark day, you will bring them to me. Dead or alive, I don't care."

This demand causes several of the Emperors to frown.

"Wordsmith." Yardrat says, choosing his words carefully. "Ah... regarding the attackers... I suppose this goes without saying, but we demons don't exactly maintain accurate records. We know the Lords and some key members of our lower-ranks, but... there were so many involved in the Stormbringer attack, I don't see how we can possibly identify them all, let alone find them. Hell is quite _big_, you know."

"Oh, that's _not_ a problem you need to worry about." Jason says quietly. "Every person who died during Stormbringer wore a Transforming Replicant Exosuit. All the footage of that day has been saved and backed up. My wife will create a vast and detailed compilation of those confirmed to have killed humans, monsters, and demons on our side. With their faces, you will find them all and bring them to me to await trial."

"Ah. Then... we'll do that." Yardrat says, lowering his head.

"Speaking of those involved in the attack on Tarus II," Jason says, turning his body to face the demon elites, "a certain 'someone' appears to be missing. Where, pray tell, is Emperor Yama? His Shades personally murdered an entire hospital's worth of wounded soldiers and civilians. As far as war crimes go, it was one of the worst parts of that day, barring... Beelzebub's detonation."

Fae snorts. "The sun is up. Naturally, Yama won't come here, nor will his Shades or Shadow-walkers. He stayed inside Hell, awaiting our signal to attack. Like the thousands of legions ready and waiting to attack, his shadow division will remain in place for a while longer."

Fae can't help but smile with glee when she hears the anger in Jason's voice. Not only did Yama nearly capture Jason's little girl, he also tried to kill Belial. And, more importantly, he tried to capture Fae and Bael during the Cherubiim attack to forcibly convert them into his own personal Shade attendants.

_Heh heh heh... oh, Yama. Your reckoning is near. You and Mephisto both. Hell will rid itself of two nasty infestations,_ Fae thinks.

Jason nods. "Is that so? In that case, I'll take care of him myself."

"No need." Hope says, from behind Jason. He projects his voice with Wordsmithing to ensure everyone can properly hear him. "Leave the Shadow Emperor to me."

Jason glances back at Hope. When he sees a look of firm determination in his clone's eyes, all he can do is nod.

"...Alright. Yama is yours to do with as you please, Hope. Just wait until I finish here, and you can go kick him around, burn him to nothingness, or otherwise do as you please."

"I don't feel like waiting." Hope retorts.

Before Jason can interject, the Second Wordsmith utters a Word of Power and vanishes from the spot, disappearing into the depths of Hell.

"Hope..." Jason grumbles, before shaking his head.

_No. It's better this way. I keep stifling him, but that isn't my intention. I can hardly blame him for being so pissed off, especially after what Gressil did to him._

Suddenly remembering Gressil's existence, Jason turns to Arthur, beside him.

"Arthur. Find Hope. Follow him. Only assist him if he needs help. Don't kill any demons unless you absolutely must. Contact me if you come across any conflicts in my commands."

The construct nods. 

An instant later, his body flickers and vanishes. All the Emperors manage to see is a lightning-fast blur rush past them and race through the Warpgate into the Core.

_So fast!_ Gorn thinks, just as shocked as he was when Arthur diced Ose to pieces. _Imagine an army of False Arthurs. Nothing could stand in their way._

"Alright." Jason says, continuing his previous conversation. "I've laid out my starting demands. You will all hunt down Mephisto, Yama, and the others who attacked my people. But those demands don't actually hurt you. If anything, they eliminate some competition, giving you all a bit more of the 'Hell pie' to devour for yourselves. Now comes the actual hard part, where you have to make some sacrifices."

Jason resumes his back and forth pacing. "First off. Demons trashed my planet. I expect you to fix it up. Even though the majority of you weren't responsible for any damage to Tarus II, you've still committed unthinkable, heinous crimes against humanity. You will bring your hordes here to build homes, manufacturing facilities, recreational facilities, and defenses for my planet. You will fertilize the ground and till the soil. You will help me by using your various magical abilities for the sake of good, giving humans a world we can safely call home."

"This is not just to make up for your past sins, of which I'm sure you elites know are as numerous as the stars," Jason adds, "but to personally demonstrate your sincerity to humanity, build relations with us, and work alongside us. I know your history, perhaps better than most of you do. I know the convoluted details of how you ended up fighting the angels, and the Titans, and then, even the humans. While it is true that demons did not start the ancient wars, you did continue them, and you magnified their scale, ultimately slaughtering the angels and Titans while enslaving my people."

Jason spins on his heel. He turns to face the Emperors once again, but this time, reveals a visible smile.

"Once you have done all that, our mutually beneficial alliance will formally begin. The castigation of your war criminals, and the rebuilding of humanity's new homeworld will, in my humble estimation, decently make up for your bloody history. Today, I intend to reveal to you all the first of many devices that can bring about a new age of prosperity for demonkind!"

After listening to so many bleak demands for war crime reparations, the demon elites immediately perk up their ears at the thought of actually receiving benefits from the Wordsmith. More than their fear of the Wordsmith, the thought that he might improve their lots and even take care of the Threat they face, this is what most heavily motivated them to turn against Ose and give her up as a sacrificial lamb.

If Jason had no benefits to offer them, they would rather go down in flames and die fighting, just as they once did to the angels. In the minds of the demon elites, a life spent in slavery or suffering would be ten million times worse than a quick and brutal self-immolation.

As for Jason, seeing the looks of anticipation on their faces, he can't help but chuckle inwardly.

_It's like the Wisdom Seeker always said. The carrot and the stick works best for manipulating others. If I give out too many benefits, others will see me as easy prey. But if I punish the demons too harshly, they will turn on me and fight to the last breath. Only by mixing benefits and punishments can I incentivize them to change their behavior. I wonder how many of them are truly cognizant that they've actually fallen for the schemes of Sun Tzu and Solomon?_

The Wordsmith turns and gestures toward the titanic crystal wall enveloping the Fortress of Retribution. He moves his hand slowly, to add a dramatic flair.

"I will prove that my methods are not false. Come. All of you, follow me."

While the demon elites have no choice but to follow him, considering the potential benefits they will receive, none of them hold the slightest intention of dragging their feet. They eagerly pursue the Wordsmith, Blinker, and the Archangels as they take to their air and fly back to the impenetrable barrier protecting the Fortress of Retribution.

When the Emperors draw near, many of them knock lightly on the almost completely translucent crystal, only to punch it harder and wince when their fists buckle instead of the wall.

"What incredible defensive properties..." Gorn mutters, his eyes shining with a gloomy light. "I wonder if even Ose could have broken through it. It's far tougher than demonstone. The Wordsmith must have used his unique methods to reinforce it."

The Wordsmith opens up a passage in the wall, and the Emperors step through. On the other side, hundreds of human commandos and monsters stand at attention, having been forewarned by Jason regarding the bare details of his discussions with the demons.

Men and women alike gaze with shocked expressions through their T-REX visors as the 5,000 strong contingent of demons travels past them.

"Is it true? The Wordsmith actually killed Ose?"

"He even said he had forged an alliance with the demons. Or at least, he's working on it."

"Damn! Why couldn't he have done this before Stormbringer? Now I have to smile cheerfully at these demon bastards, after losing my little brother?!"

"My wife burned to death during the last stages of the demon's attack. I know what you're feeling... but we have to assume Commander Hiro has his reasons."

The soldiers whisper and chatter to each other through their mics. Naturally, these conversations will be stored in the Centurion database, but not even the hardest-hearted person would fault them for disliking the Wordsmith's actions.

And, even if they disagree, they know that Jason himself lost a daughter during the war, so he wouldn't forgive the demons so easily. He must have a reason for his decisions.

Jason leads the Hidden Emperors to a facility not far from the edge of the wall, a simple, nondescript building the size of a warehouse. When everyone enters and Jason turns on the lights, the demon elites remain silent as they try to understand just what, exactly, they're looking at.

Inside the warehouse, hundreds of tubes and wires criss-cross the ceiling. they travel from dozens of mini-nuclear generators on the walls, power converters, and other devices of unknown origin to a pair of twenty-foot-tall tube-like pods in the center of the room, connecting the former and latter through the network of tubes in a sublime fashion.

Sadly, none of the demons have any sort of technical background. Human technology is to them what their magic is to humans; a complete bunch of gobbledy-gook.

"What are we looking at?" Yardrat asks, examining the two 'pods' in the center of the room, neither of which seem to contain anything of note. They both have glassy windows, allowing the demons to see into their interiors, but they also appear empty, with no contents visible from the outside.

"These two pods might not look like much," Jason says, while casually walking toward the two devices, "but they hold the power to completely transform and reshape demon society. I haven't officially given them a name, but I find it kind of funny to call them... Belial Boosters!"

At the mention of the former Second Emperor, the demon elites quiet down, feeling a sense of awkwardness when they realize that keeping her as an outcast will probably not reflect well on the 'sincerity' the Wordsmith has repeatedly mentioned.

Even so, Fae finds the strength within herself to ask the question on everyone else's mind.

"Belial Booster? Why, ah, why do you call it... _that_?"

Jason chuckles. "Well. Because originally, I figured that in the event humanity fought demonkind and our peace talks fell through, I'd be mostly relying on Belial to power it. Now, that no longer has to be the case. Here, I'll demonstrate what exactly it does."

Jason points at Fae, then at a random Demon Baron in the back row.

"You two. Step forward."

Fae frowns at being singled out, but, upon quickly communicating with Auger through their innate telepathic link, shrugs and decides to obey Jason's command.

She steps forward, then turns her head to see, with mild surprise, that of all the Barons Jason could have chosen, he ended up picking Mara, the Baron of Games.

"Huh. So it's you." Fae muses. "Haven't seen you since..."

"Since the Yama incident." Mara says with a nod. "Mmm."

"Sorry about Yumagi's death," Fae says, through she can't help but crook a vicious smile. "Serves the cunt right for showing off in front of the Archangels. No offense, but I really couldn't stand that prick."

A strange look flashes across Mara's eyes as she recalls the secret realization that, despite everyone witnessing Yumagi's 'death,' he never actually perished. Only a clone of his younger self, made with his mystical Tarot Arts.

"Thank you. The Tarot Sect will continue to function, even without our leader." Mara says, keeping her words diplomatic. Considering Fae's reputation as the Emperor of Terror, she's done well to keep her violent tendencies in check, and Mara doesn't want to say anything that might set her off.

After the two women finish conversing, they turn to look at Jason with deep expectations.

"What next?" Fae asks.

Jason points to the two pods.

"Fae. Step into the pod on the left. Mara, you can go to the pod on the right."

"Why?" Fae asks, frowning slightly. "Come on, Wordsmith. I don't like surprises, and I get _real_ claustrophobic. You don't want me to start throwing _bombs_, do ya?"

"No, no I don't," Jason says with a chuckle. "Alright. I'll tell it to you straight. This machine is one-of-a-kind. I can only create one per world I control. It uses a combination of Tarus II's magma core temperature, the planet's natural life energy, and the power of a Demon Emperor to elevate the strength of a low-ranking demon upwards."

"Simply put," Jason says, "it can fundamentally replace the need for demons to evolve from Grunt to Emperor via the use of souls."

Immediately, every low-ranking demon elite, particularly the Lords and Barons, gasps in shock. Even the Dukes and Emperors can't help but have their eyes bug out at this claim.

"Are you serious?!" Fae asks. "Does that mean it can raise Mara from a Baron to an Emperor?!"

"Not instantly." Jason says, while the other demons snort fire in anticipation of his next words. "If we're lucky, she will become a Duke within this first session. The Belial Booster will consume your energy to boost Mara's mind, body, and soul, and most importantly, it will not harm you in the long term! You will become fatigued, and you will not be able to use your magic for several weeks, but otherwise, you will recover normally while boosting Mara's strength!"

The demons roar with excitement.

"This is incredible!" Kristoff howls. "I never imagined such a wonderful machine could exist!"

"Only the Wordsmith could create something so profound!" Gorn praises. "Truly remarkable!"

While the demons laud him, Jason scratches his chin. "Hehe. I've already tested it once. Belial helped boost one of our Lords to the rank of Baron. Fae, Mara, why don't you two begin the procedure?"

Mara doesn't delay. She quickly runs forward and climbs into the energy transfer pod while looking at Fae with eager eyes.

"Come on, Fae! Let's go!"

Fae, however, hesitates.

"This machine is certainly incredible, but... why do _I_ have to be the first to get my power sucked out? Use Yardrat. I'll bet he has more juice than me."

"Stop your bitchin'!" Emperor Lupus yells from behind the other Emperors. "Hurry up and get in the damn thing! I wanna see how this gizmo works!"

Fae grumbles a few more times, but ultimately relents. Since none of the other Emperors want to be the first to step inside, she reluctantly accepts her task.

After warily shuffling into the first containment pod, Fae flinches when its glass door swishes shut, sealing her inside. She taps the glass and discovers that while it is somewhat reinforced, she can easily smash it to pieces and escape if the situation turns dire.

"This had better not be a trick, Wordsmith." Fae growls, eying him suspiciously.

"If I wanted to kill or hurt you, I'd just do it." Jason says. "Could you even stop me?"

She continues to grumble, but lowers the frequency of her protests. "Tsk. Whatever. Just get this over with."

Jason grins. "You asked for it, sister. Don't worry! This procedure doesn't hurt at all!"

Without any fanfare, Jason taps on the control panel, keying in a unique one-time access code. The Belial Booster activates, summoning life energy from Tarus II's surface, planetary energy from the core, and electrical energy from the mini-nuclear reactors, all of which surge into a conduit located directly between Fae and Mara's pods.

At the same time, Fae's eyes begin to droop. An intense sensation of weakness swallows her mind, making her sag down in the pod with shaky knees, slumping into a position of absolute exhaustion. Her face presses against the glass, and her breath causes fog to build up on its surface.

"Uhh... uhhhh... so... so tired..."

Like a human who has run a marathon, then performed one hundred consecutive pullups, Fae's arms and legs lose all of their strength, making her unable to keep herself in a standing position.

At the same time, Mara's eyes widen. She howls with delight as a pleasurous sensation unlike anything she's ever experienced in her life fills up her mind, body and soul.

Better than sex. Better than the most delicious food, or the most fun hobby, or any other activity she has enjoyed partaking in, Mara moans seductively, feeling her entire body tremble and spasm as the electrical currents fill her with overwhelming power!

Her demonic aura surges! Before the spectator's eyes, her Baron-level aura races upward, reaching the peak of her rank before immediately crashing through with a muffled _BOOM_ and continuing to rise past the bottom level of a Duke!

Minutes later, the procedure stops. Fae helplessly lays with her face smushed against the glass, looking like a dainty fairy, unable to protect herself, while Mara appears exactly the opposite. She whoops and hollers in an uncharacteristic manner, clearly overjoyed by her transformation!

"Incredible! Amazing! I feel like I could shatter reality! I am the Baron of Games no longer! From this day forward, I shall be the Duke of Collection!"

Many Lords and Barons cheer wildly from the sidelines, not only excited and happy for Mara's well-deserved elevation of status, but also for the prospects of their own future rise to power!

Once the lower-ranking demons follow in Mara's footsteps, they will experience the same moment of ascension as her, stepping up through the ranks of demonkind into a world better than any they had ever hoped for!

While the low-ranking demons scream with excitement, the higher-ranked ones maintain their cool.

Gorn examines Fae from a distance, frowning.

"There aren't any permanent after-effects? Fae looks as if you drained her soul dry."

"No after-effects!" Jason declares resolutely. "Sure, she's completely dead inside and will enjoy the best sleep of her life, but in a few weeks, it will be as if she had never stepped foot in the chamber."

Jason opens both of the pods, then gestures to Mara.

"Help Fae out, would you? It's the least you can do."

"No problem! I owe her more than I can put into words!" Mara chirps. The usually cool and collected demoness radiates happiness, having obtained a powerup she never expected she would receive.

As Mara walks over to help carefully pull Fae out of the chamber, Jason turns to the other Emperors.

"The Belial Booster is still incomplete. In the future, it will allow Barons and Dukes to also boost low-ranking demons, particularly Grunts, en-masse. A single Duke could raise ten Grunts to the rank of Lord, for example. For right now, it has several limitations that cannot be overridden. Now that Mara has been boosted once, she will have to wait a long time before we can boost her again. Additionally, boosting her with the same demon, meaning Fae, won't work. Someone else will have to do so. Kristoff, Gorn, whoever, I don't care."

"But." Jason says, pausing to give his next words added weight. "It doesn't matter how incredible this device is. If you don't carry out my demands and fullheartedly support humanity, you can say goodbye to ever using the Belial Booster. Humanity will use it only for our current, longstanding demon allies. In time, we will raise an army of Dukes and Emperors, and you will all have to sit on the sidelines. Therefore, I advise that you hunt down everyone I mentioned before. As long as you complete those missions, you can begin to bolster your own Hells."

Jason's words burrow deeply into the ears of his listeners.

Hidden in them is a secret implication.

Yardrat flicks his eyes toward the other Emperors, noting the thoughtful expressions on their faces. He, too, thinks deeply about Jason's underlying threat.

_The device can't be used repeatedly, or often. That means after each usage, it will have a substantial cooldown period. Not only does the planet need to recover its life energy, but the planet's core needs to 'reheat' itself. This means the choice of whose allies get boosted first will matter significantly! If the other Hells get access to the Belial Booster before mine, won't we suffer a loss?_

_And how, then, will the Wordsmith determine whose subordinates receive the boosts first?_

Yardrat snorts.

_It's obvious. Those who most 'sincerely' chase down and capture or kill the brutes who attacked Tarus II will earn the most favor with him. Those who drag their feet will end up at the back of the line!_

Scarcity creates value.

If the Belial Booster were easy to use, its value would drop. If every Emperor could quickly boost their subordinates, its value would drop further.

But its limited and unique functionality, its position on the human homeworld, and its symbolic importance make it a defining feature of the upcoming generation!

Not only can the demons not use human souls to advance anymore, but the lone remaining method belongs to their former enemy, and it has even greater effect than the soul-improvement path they once used!

Even more so than humanity, greed rules the heart of demonkind. While the Hidden Emperors certainly won't be foolish enough as to attack Tarus II, Jason, or humanity, that doesn't mean their own internal disputes will cease as well!

Several Emperors shoot sly glances at one another, measuring up their future enemies.

_The Hell of Isolation didn't attend this meeting._ Yardrat thinks. _They won't know about the Belial Booster. But then again, Jason probably holds a certain sympathy for them, along with the Hell of Lust. Their crimes against humanity are far less than the other five Hells. As such, they will likely get first pick regarding who to boost. Yama's Hell is finished. He won't ever get to touch this juicy morsel. That means my Hell only has three real opponents, and we're all going to fight for third place!_

The Hells of Damnation, Blood, Punishment, and Calamity stand opposed to one another. While on occasion they might work together for the sake of demonkind itself, in general, they have never been allies beyond the species-relation level.

And since the Hell of Damnation has oppressed the other Six Hells by monopolizing the control of souls since the end of the Energy Wars, the rest will be all too happy to suppress it, if given the choice.

Emperor Yardrat sneers inwardly. _Ose is dead. Mephisto is a castaway. Bael is useless. Beelzebub is dead. The First Hell has no foundation to stand on! It lacks even a single Duke! Mara sometimes performed odd jobs for the Hell of Damnation's leaders, but she's actually a member of the Hell of Calamity! With the First Hell now having no worthwhile leaders, isn't this..._

_Hmm._ Yardrat thinks, his thoughts slowing down. _Come to think of it. The First Hell has a strong low-level foundation. If I weren't bound to Auger, couldn't I set out to become the new leader of the First Hell? If I have such a thought, then so, too, will the rest..._

As the Emperor of the Void ponders to himself, Mara walks over with Fae's powerless body in her arms. Fae's usually boisterous demeanor, for once, gives way to a sort of cute and soft appearance as she sleeps in Mara's grasp.

At least, until she lets out a loud and obnoxious snore.

Then the effect vanishes.

"Here." Mara says. "You can warp her back to Diabolus, right?"

Yardrat nods. He takes Fae in his arms and grimaces at the sight of snot and drool dripping down her face.

"Lovely."

Jason claps his hands.

"I hope, then, that we can all work together to build our alliance. What do you think?"

The demon elites nod in unison.

Yardrat starts to voice his affirmation, but at that moment, a telepathic message beams into his mind.

Auger, the Emperor of Distribution, sends Yardrat a piece of information that shocks him to his core!

At the same time, several other Emperors receive the same news!

"Sharmur is under attack!" Kristoff exclaims, his eyes darkening. "Who would do such a thing?"

A chill descends down Gorn's spine.

"Impossible! The attacker! They're... they're actually...!"

When Gorn says the attacker's identity, Jason's soul plunges into an icy abyss.

"Oh my god. No... it can't be...!"